Return Postage Gu

S3—- tafflB3F3r.

MM* <&&v0<'O<<<<4!<*<t4?r>&<*& t'&>&rK&r><>iOr-t<vcttttv<i<<<tvt<<<<c<<

NNOUNCING THE 1932 SUMMER SESSION

ESBEsSifiHiffigsKiSii wmawmi;J&i; fl..\.Mi: ''fe|

"IN THE HEART OF THE ROCKIES'Another broad and varied program of summer work will be given at the 1932 Summer Session at the Utah State Agricultural College. Practically the entire resident faculty,

including department heads, will offer courses during the period in graduate and undergraduate work. Several brilliant educators from leading colleges and universities will offer courses in the various fields.

The visiting faculty will include:

BAND AND ORCHESTRA: Professor A. R. McAllister EDUCATION: Dr. Ward G. Reeder, Ohio State Univerof Joliet, 111., nationally known band master and sity, will give courses in advanced school administrafour times winner of the National Championship, tion. He is an authority in this field. Miss Jean Cox,

will give courses for band instructors from June 6 to Utah State Supervisor of Vocational Education in 24. He will demonstrate his methods by coaching Home Economics and Lofter Bjarnason, Utah State

an allstate band, assembled from various high Supervisor of Grammar Grades and Junior High schools. Schools will also give work in this field.

Physical Coaching B. Bierand Education: W. Pearson, J. H. SMITHHUGHES: Federal of Board of University, nationally Tulane footman known Vocational Education A. JC. and Getman, of Chief ball ialso coach; in authorities basketball. prominent

of Agricultural the Bureau will offer Education are courses the designed to of needs meet The high courses in SmithHughes work. school teachers as as elementary well adminisand

Child Welfare and Health Education: Miss trators.

Maud A. Brown, a teacher and supervisor of long GIRL SCOUTING: Miss Olga Carlson, National field

experience, in Kansas City and Los Angeles. trainer of girl scouts, New York City.

LECTURE PROGRAM DR. EDWARD H. GRIGGS, JVew York City

DR. A. C. McLAUGHLIN, University of Chicago

DR. WILLIAM T. FOSTER, New York City

DR. HENRY NEUMANN, Brooklyn, N. Y.

Registration Fee $15.00

Write for a Catalogue UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

LOGAN, UTAH

*<'&<<0*<<<<<<Or>K&<4<O%r*<<< cjhe //mprovemervt

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Mutual Improvement Associations and the Department of Education

FORECAST For Every Member of the Family 'I *HE May Improvement Era is EDITORIALS

Lives; is the Christ"Jesus "God J. Hebec Grant 322 the to devoted and dedicated

is Risen""He.Harrison Merrill R. 322 the missionaries2,000 now in Pursuit of Happiness The Elsie T. Brandley 322field and to the great army of Education—Training Paramount Harrison R. Merrill 322

carried havethem who the "glad ARTICLEStidings to practically of great joy"of Faith Parley Christensen A. 325 Immortality—A the sun countryevery under

Greatness F. Richards S. Bryant Hinckley 327 in Men—GeorgeVenture counting of them80,000 Angelo's the Michel "Santa Famiglia"Frazier Mabel 333

local elders who have been called The [Best AilAround Athlete Beth Swensen 334

Investment An Huntington in Culture Mae 336to do missionary work. Coeds Wise Flora Faucett 338

The Snappy Six Miss Snappy 338

Economically A. H. Gibbons 339 A RTICLES concerning quite a Economizing of School? Nellie Rae Why Stay Out Bishop 339 number of the foreign misBeauty in the Home—Color Harmonies and How To Use Them

sions illustrated by means of pho- r-Lutie H. Fryer 344

tographs will appear in the May AnLadiesArcherand GentlemenTells Why CarltonAdah R.CulmseeNaylor 347346

number. When the reader is Glancing Through Elsie T. Brandley 352

through with the magazine, it is our hope that he will be fairly FICTION well acquainted with the lands in Godmother (Serial Story) '. C aria Wolfe 331

which our boys and girls are laAnd Afterward Came Spring Ardyth Kennelly 343 boring. POETRY

Alice Spring Ploughing Lee At of Time Eddy 324 the contributors A MONG

Conversation Afternoon Ardyth Kennelly 341 On A Still in will appear articles which Florence Modiste 34 H. Townsend

May is Governor George H. Dern, Boy of the Soil Bertha Woodland 341

C. u Mary Shaw 341

341 Grant Redfordof Utah, who discusses the inAnSpringOrchardSunsetin Spring triguing subject: "Social Justice Debutantes C. S. Boyer 341

of Tomorrow."Spring Hills Grant Redford 341

I Shall Remember Christie Lund 341

TACTION for May will indued Being Alive at Four and Five Alberta H. Christensen 342

two tender stories for MothDEPARTMENTS er's Day. Lights and Shadows on the Screen 350

Church Music Committee 354 Moods of Spring Priesthood Quorums 355

Mutual Messages A/TOODS of Spring is the title Executive Department—.. 358

Activity 360 Community unusugiven to the we have 362 M MenGleaners used on photographally striking 363 Men Men the cover this month. It was Vanguards 366

taken by Crismon Lewis and is of BoyBeeHiveScoutsGirls -—- 367368

a sunset on Utah Lake. Let's Talk it Over -.-—384

Published monthly by the GENERAL BOARDS OF THE MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS

Melvin J. Ballard, Business Mgr. EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL OFFICES: Entered at the Post Office, Salt

Clarissa A. Beesley, Asso. Bus. Mgr. 406 CHURCH OFFICE BLDG., SALT LAKE CITY, UT. Lake City, Utah, as secondclass

by the 1932, Improvement Mutual Young Men's B. Peterson, O. Ass't Bus. Mgr. Copyright,Association Corporation Church of the &f George Jesus Christ matter.special rateAcceptanceof postageforprovidedmailing forat Q. Morris, rights Saints. reserved. All of Latterday

Rachel Grant Taylor, Subscription price, $2.00 a year, in advance; in section 1103, Act of October,

Chairmen Era and Publicity 20c a Single Copy. 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

Harrison R. Merrill Elsie Talmage Brandley

Managing Editor Associate Editor

Heber J. Grant, Editor

"God Lives; Jesus Is the Christ 99

is the chief is the lives; Jesus lives; Jesus that that is the God I know God/KNOW

it, great is directing of this stone corner a Prophthat Smith Christ; I was Joseph know Christ,work—Heand He

et of God; I know that the Gospel tree is alive, that and He will continue to direct it. He chose his

it is growing, that the fruits of the Gospel growing prophet, and He gave him instructions and authority upon the tree are good. I have reached out my hand; to establish His work; and the power and the in-

I have plucked the fruits of the Gospel; I have fluence of Joseph Smith are now being felt as the

eaten of them and they are sweet, Angel promised.

yea, even above all that is sweet.

deis a testimony is inspiration from the That that THIS Grant President livered by Saint Latterday to every comes testiin a book included of and realizes force of this the Goswho by published in 1930 monies pel that we have espoused. It is Zion's Printing and Publishing

the Gospel of Jesus Christ. It Co., Independence, Mo.

is the plan of life and salvation.

44He Is Risen 99 T TF. is risen!"How those three words have thunhas wailed down the ages. It went without definite,

with until a spring authoritative morning answer on ages, gathering the dered down sound—sweet

all flowers unfolding them around buds and thrills the souls of men! bursting which sound sound—butJ- ** the reply: heard sorrowing women in a garden risen!"is but, He belonged "He "He has,"Not

to no day or month or year! Moments, hours, "He is risen!"

ages do not count for—He is risen! There was no argument. There was no citation

Those three words give point to existence, purof scriptures. There was no doubt expressed or

pose to life, hope to the weary as well as to the implied. Three priceless words were spoken—simple

vigorous. words they were, but suddenly the whole living

"If a man die, will he live again?"That question world took on new significance! H. R. M.

The Pursuit of Happiness r i f HE courageous and perilous Atlantic crossing law? Has the extensive pursuit of happiness resulted

J- of the Pilgrims, followed by the rigors and in its capture or have we not yet learned what we hardships of colonization in a new and unfriendly are seeking?

land; the struggle to achieve balance and the nuIn no period of history has the life of Americans

merical strength necessary for independence from a been (marked by /such limitless opportunities for mothercountry from whom no further advantages good. Educationally, facilities are on every hand

were to be realized; the suffering and privation of by means of which one can inform himself along

the Revolutionary War and the period of readjustany line. Principles of health—of eating and drinkdirected, ing, of taking rest and exercise, of improving conment after the war was won—all these were consciously or otherwise, toward the end of securing ditions of sanitation and disinfection—are taught for every American three inalienable rights—the right to every child in the schoolroom; simple scientific

to live; the right to be free; the right to pursue facts are known before he is out of the elementary

happiness. grades. The physical conditions of life have never

From this point, two hundred years after the birth been better. Spiritually man-—collectively—has proof the man who is given the greatest degree of pergressed. Charity work; organized welfare; prevensonal credit for the fact that we have a Constitution tion of cruelty to those helpless to protect themselves;

in which to declare what rights are inalienable, child labor laws; emancipation of women in politics

what can be said of the life, liberty and happiness and industry; innumerable other and important

of the American people? Have 'they learned, through movements and attitudes characterize the communal

the many decades to make life better, higher, finer, relationships of people. Roads and automobiles

more idealistic and altruistic? Has liberty become have opened up vistas of scenic beauties heretofore

a deeper thing; is it within the law or outside the denied all but the wealthy. Radio and phonograph

The Improvement Era for April, 1932 323

bring into humble homes great artists. Newspapers exclusion of other things, for the mirage of fun

and motion pictures carry information as to how the and excitement becomes the object of the pursuit to other half of the world is living. Surely life has those who give their lives to it. America is happy

never before been so rich, so pulsating with interest, to the extent that Americans have come to the so full of opportunity and promise. realization that happiness is a byproduct of many

The result of these conditions and developments other things combined in the proper amounts, just logically would be the realization of the third inas certain chemical results are obtained from the is mixing of definite elements. Money, mixed withalienable right—happiness. To say a country

happy, nationally, is to voice a generality which has social position, travel, financial success -cannot insure little basis of fact. Happiness is an individual matjoy, although the loss of these things, colored with

ter, not to be regulated by governmental action; the resentment, bitterness and suspicion which

not to be attained in mass quantity. Free a country usually follow can destroy happiness. Wealth or

can be; happy, only those who live in the country comparative poverty are not important; the spirit

can be. which lives under either condition, is. To some,

Are Americans happy? Has their pursuit of this planning to shave a budget is a source of humiliation

quality been rewarded as richly as their progress and and misery; to others, shopping for bargains, dyeing

left; at into today's delicious meat pie are sources of satisgrowthyou—at inyourotherneighborslines wouldto promise?the right andLook about last year's coat, making yesterday's leftover beef

your laundress; at your cousin Jim who struck oil faction and pleasure. To either, quantities and

on what he had considered a worthless piece of qualities of spiritual endowment are determining ground; at the acquaintances who are rich or poor, factors.

humble or powerful, strong or weak. Are they Analyze the life which is one's inalienable right;

happy? is it being lived fully or only in part? Look into

To answer either negatively or affirmatively would the liberty which the Revolutionary struggle gave.

be inconsistent, for happiness is not a mass product Is it being decreased or augmented by ideals of peror possessionin-general. Ten people whom you sonal freedom which can so easily enslave? Consider

know might be happy to five who are not, or vice the quest for happiness. Is it failing because of too

versa. But one generalization can be made: those intense concentration upon it as an ultimate end;

who are happy are not made so through the fact or is it being crowned with success because, like of discovering oil or of being made a Supreme Justice; the "Blue Bird"of Materlinck, it is recognized as

those who are unhappy are not so because laundry being a part of everyday experiences and lives in work is a vocation or stocks have gone down. Naturthe very home from which members have departed in

ally, extreme poverty causes great distress, but cases search for it? Look into your own heart and see

of extreme poverty are not common, even in the if you can find the obstacles to happiness. Remove

face of the present depression. them, difficult as it may be, and you will need no

Those who have found success in their pursuit of longer to pursue happiness; happiness will follow

happiness are those who have not pursued it to the you. E. T, B.

Education—Training Paramount

TDUCATION—training to do and be—is paraschools were established in an attempt to reach into

-*—'mount in the lives of Latterday Saints. One every phase of a man's nature for the purpose of

hundred two years ago this month the Church of clarifying his vision, of firing his ambition, and

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints was (organized with actually training him/ in means and methods of doing a pronounced philosophy: that man actually is the things.

son of God, a brother of Jesus Christ, and that The educational agencies of the Church begin upon

potentially, is very like God. them through to maturity giving them not onlySavior—thatwomen are daughtersman, of God and sisters of the the boys and girls early in their lives!and follow

That philosophy suggested that man should perfect instruction but opportunity for expression as well.his faculties with the hope that some day—ages When they reach the age of maturity they have allike God in poise, power, ready had many experiences which have preparedhence—he would become

and personality. them for a full and beneficial life; they have become

The Prophet Joseph Smith proclaimed an eternity doers of the word and nothearers only.

in eons giving continuity which personalof man teach Scores did, of teachers as Jesus for the who universe. the with cpmplete!harmonyto toward work

as love as of well other scores trained humanity, of be ever can a gain that makes suggested no manHe also professionals teach for as well as love pay, who conflict his with exceptlost through to him own assisted orienting in have themselves. them They beautiful the proclaimed, govern.the laws which He

learned gracefully, to dance have to play how how all fields in endeavors man's ofoneness things—that purposefully playfully, yet logically to speak how his sumtotal.will count toward

effectively, tunefully, and to tosing study how how the naturally existence of makes philosophy This scientifically, soulfully. to pray and and worship how a the individual paramount training ofeducation and

fact, about the only objective that To the Latterday Saint the Master's statement,objective—in

is entirely worth while. The Church early sought "Be ye, therefore, perfect, even as your Father which

methods of "perfecting the Saints,"of educating is in heaven is perfect,"comprehends all of these them in all things pertaining to their existence. things; therefore, education—training—is paramount

Priesthood quorums, auxiliary organizations, and and of prime importance. H. R. M.

At spring Ploughing Time TWO SONNETS By Alice Lee Eddy

I never was a man of many words

It seemed enough to feel.and know and do.

I can't discourse about the flowers and birds

Or praise in measured verse the sky's bright blue.

But I am not insensate as I toil;

I feel the warm brown earth beneath my feet,

The moist, rich, yielding, vital strength of soil,

The primal thrill that measures earth's heart beat.

I smell the acrid tang of freshturned mold;

I hear the plowsteel clank on hidden stone;

I stfetch my arms to catch the sun's clean gold

And shout and laugh aloud though all alone.

Oh, do you know the things I'd like to say

When I come in and mumble, "Pleasant day"?

II.

I try to be a realist and jeer

At follies of my kind, and satirize

The awkward virtues simple people prize.

A bitter wit Dame Fashion now holds dear,

Applauds the bard who sings that life is drear,

An empty jest, /or worse, bids us despise

Forbearance as a timid knave's disguise,

A clever song is all that she will hear.

I try to'scoff; I'd ape the present style

sing. in bluebird the hedge I hear a But

for a while mdi furrows newploughed Amid my

I pause to catch the challenge of the spring.

Somehow my quickened senses teach my mind

That life is good and nature's God is kind.

tV; '.-.'/....; -v r 'Y-i--'V',*,; ---.'>'.::.,,r

Immortality Venture of Yaith A By Parley A. Christensen, Ph.D.

tend to live not do again. WhyITtheis notquestionmy purposeof immortality.to argue difficultyThose 'acceptingpeople whofullyhavethe tory things fine acts and thoughts live in the consciousness of that attempting be would That refact and go no farther in your teachings of the Church

all been for, after hastoo much; quest of immortality?"will un- (immortality garding that be said,said can the subject on

people will remaindeath for many doubtedly find in this article ()NE thinks instantly of George forof life, jby the roada sphinx ever propounding a riddle which much that will help them to Eliot who asked only that finds no altogether satisfactory exmake "a venture of faith". she might, in dying, join

planation in the answers of men.

Immortality is, accordingly, a sub- "the choir invisible ject about which no thoughtful Of those immortal dead who live again will dogmatize.man in those of their worth, and that In minds made better by their

It 'is, however, qualities of the excellent ja subject about memories live presence;

which we all have opinions and their minds and spirits will be In pulses stirred to generosity attitudes. Some seem to find an made immortal. "What more,"In deeds of daring rectitude, in

answer to the riddle in one way, they ask, "would one have than scorn and others, in another. Some find that he should remain a permanent For miserable aims that end with

assurance in the theological teachinfluence for good among the chilself, ings to which they subscribe. They dren of men? Certainly, it is a In thoughts sublime that pierce

accept without serious difficulty the noble ambition to desire to live in the night like stars,

Christian the position oforthodox conduct, a that one's such manner their persistence mild And with their to think Others tryChurch. concepone's ideals, one's and search urge man's

way independently to an answer. tions of truth and beauty shall To vaster issues."

For example, many thoughtful become a priceless legacy passed on the believe faith in that people it is life for her to come to be to all of the generations yet to To spirit of immortality the human come. a of others strength"in the "cup

in justification its strongest finds "It is an inspiriting thought trying crises of life, to the feeling the scheme of that in things some provision is made that even in this world of transi- "Enkindle generous ardor, feed whereby the universe shall not lose pure love, its intellectual, moral, and spiritual Beget the smiles that have no gains. They argue that the highcruelty,

est achievement of the creative proBe the sweet presence of a good cess is the human mind, and that diffused the supreme good in the iscale of And in diffusion ever more inuniversal values is man's conceptense."

tion of moral and spiritual truth.

To them, it is inconceivable that While all would admit the nohuman personality, once achieved bility of the desires here expressed, and gloriously endowed with camany would contend that the impacity for progressive enrichment, mortality of George Eliot's connot only of itself but also of ception is hardly an immortality at other personalities, should in the all. It does not satisfy the mind

death of the body suffer annihilain quest of ultimates. It does

tion. not provide a real perpetuity of

Still others seem to believe that moral and spiritual gains. For

the individual body and spirit are our wise men say that races, like doomed like the magic creations of individuals, die, and that planets,

Prospero to pass into thin air, but too, grow old and pass away. And

that great men and women, in when race and earth cease to be, dying, leave after them memories how shall the fine fruits of the 326 The Improvement Era for April, 1932

spiritual strivings of great men be But we have been taught to bebe that one which would exalt preserved, unless in some way the lieve that we possess minds or and not degrade us.

spirit of man survives the last act spirits that can control and direct Faith has sometimes been deof the cosmic drama? the animal in us and point the fined as the demand for truth

In answer to this objection it way for us to values that transcend which the mind makes on the unimight, of course, be urged that the mere gratification of our inverse. When we are in doubt as

moral and spiritual values are real stinctive natures. In brief, we have to whether or not the universe

only in relation to human personfelt that we are free agents, enjoyhas much or little in store for us, alities, and that consequently an ing the power of election, masters why should we not assume that insistence upon their survival in determining our own fate. With it has much, and live for it? Why

the universe is hardly rational this conception,of ourselves has should we not demand that it prowhen one postulates the final angone necessarily 'a sense of moral vide for us an opportunity to nihilation of the race. responsibility. Now, everybody achieve the things we most value

who is in touch with the main in those rare moments when we

CO runs this stream of thought currents of thought knows that lose our petty, selfish, fleshly selves with its changing crosscur- ideas are being disseminated which, in contemplation of the things of rents and shifting eddies. As I if accepted, lead almost inevitably the spirit?

said at the outset it is not my prito a denial of man's spiritual naThe relation of all this to the mary purpose to attempt an evaluture and to the affirmation of his problem of immortality is obvious.

ation of the various ideas with complete identity with the physical I am asking the one who is uncerwhich various people support a world. The phenomena which we tain to make a venture of faith.

belief in a future life. Indeed this have been pleased to call mental I am asking him to assume that

article was hardly intended for and spiritual are explained as the in the order of things provision those in whom there already exists mere excresence of a physical basis, is made whereby he may realize a living faith. Rather it was explainable in terms of physical, his finest ideals of character, of

planned for those who have sought chemical, and biological law. knowledge, and of loving service.

in vain for an assurance of immorMan thus becomes a mere pupHis venture of faith will not, tality, and who are at the moment pet in a vast mechanism, directed of course, change the cosmic plan, stranded on the sandbars of doubt. not only in his physical conduct whatever that may be; but it will

While I dare not expect to supply but also in his very thoughts and make a great difference in the way the desired assurance, I do hope feelings by forces over which he he will live. If he assume that he

to suggest a helpful point of view, has no control. Now it is clear is immortal, he is likely to live for

an attitude conducive to moral and that to anyone who accepts this immortality.,He is likely to build

spiritual health. point of view, the whole moral character with reference not only

In human thought regarding structure of society is meaningless, to the here but also to the heremany of the problems of life there and personal responsibility a ficafter. The result will be a life

is much uncertainty. When we tion. So we have in conflict two that is discriminating, purposeful,

seek to understand ourselves, perconceptions of man. One of them and happy. Whatever the anplexing questions crowd in from asserts man's kinship with the diswer to the riddle of the sphinx

all sides. With respect to many vine; the other makes him a meanmay prove to be, he shall have

of them we may well cultivate an ingless marionette in a world inmade no mistake.

attitude of patient waiting, feeling different to moral and spiritual confident that further light will values. AND what inducements to fine

come and enable jus to find correct ventures,in faith there are in answers. But there are some probTT is hardly necessary to say that, the philosophy of Mormonism! In

lems which lie so close to our daily when one is uncertain in the no other religious conception is lives, and which are so significant presence of such opposing views, man given a greater dignity. In

in their bearing upon character and it makes a great deal of difference no other may his aspirations be conduct that failure to reach at whether or not (he is able to adopt higher. When the young Latterleast a working solution of them a wholesome attitude or a sane day Saint faces,;as he must face,

may endanger the whole course of working hypothesis. baffling and disconcerting thoughts

life. The practical question is: What regarding life, its origins, its presis a good working principle, a safe ent significance, and its probable

p>Y way of illustration, let me rule of action, when one faces a destiny, and when he turns here refer to one of the most disdilemma such as the one suggested? and there for answers to his questurbing conceptions prevalent in I should say that, with reference tions, he should not forget the

the world today. Most of us have to questions involving our moral high hopes that have inspired his

been brought up to think of ouror spiritual nature, whenever the own people. With his fathers he

selves as a union of two natures, evidence for and against two conshould make a glorious venture an animal nature and a spiritual flicting conceptions is inconclusive, in faith, asking much of the uninature, the one linking us to the leaving the mind uncertain as to verse and living as if tomorrow living things of a lower order, the where the truth lies, it is the part he were to possess it. If he does

other to Divinity itself. We have of wisdom to make a venture of that, he shall find that as his rightsometimes been conscious of confaith in (favor of the conception eous desires for this life realize

flict between them. We have recwhich will satisfy the noblest dethemselves in character and achieveognized that with the beasts of the sires of our hearts and give signifiments, his faith in the hereafter

field we share certain instincts, cance and purpose to our lives. In will, as if by a subtle alchemy,

habits, and desires. accepting tentatively a plan let it change into a genuine assurance.

Greatness in Men

Qeorge Cjfranklin

By Bryant S. Hinckley RichardsPresident of Liberty Stake

David, the sweet singer of Israel, wrote a note appropriate for use here:

"Blessed is every one that feareth the Lord;

his in walketh That ways.... FRANKLIN as shall be a fruitful wifeGEORGE Thy vine by the sides of thine life has no RICHARDS'

failures, no dark shadows, house;

no trace of faltering in the face of Thy children like olive plants round about thy table.

difficulties, no equivocating when Behold, that thus shall the man be blessed that feareth there was a choice to be;made between right and expediency, no the Lord."

yielding to insidious influences, however tempting, no deviating from the path of rectitude, no deserting of ideals. His life is

marked by a constant, safe and steady marching forward. He has

always stood on the side of right and justice, radiating hope, inspiring confidence, building up faith and shedding abroad the genial rays of love. Such a life is indeed a

victorious one though it be neither spectacular nor highly colorful.

George F. Richards is a son of

the soil,, born in Farmington,

Davis County, Utah, February 23, 1861. His father, Franklin Dewey

Richards, president of the quorum of twelve apostles and church historian, was a man of learning and initiative. His mother, a woman

of refinement and superior intelligence, came with her parents from England to Nauvoo when she was eleven years of age. Their

son inherits his mellowness and sweetness of disposition from both sides.

"LJE attended the schools of his native town and in 1881 was graduated from the University of

Deseret (University of Utah) having passed successfully the course prescribed in English Language and Literature. Soon after his

graduation he was employed as a clerk in the office of the Utah Central Railroad. He subsequently

left the Railroad Company, against 328 The Improvement Era for April, 1932

their desires, to engage in farming, County, chairman of the school for molasses, and in this way provided for the family. I cord With occupation paid which wood he followed a board state and of the member

a for laying mason a stone up wall four principally called to is until he legislature. was of lofty He a man and feet onehalf high the side on south the apostleship. to In addition ideals alwise but prudent, and of lot. our This laid was lime with up

farming and stock raising he enways employing safe and practical mortar. I hauled the lime, the rock and

gaged in the lumber and hardware methods to achieve his ends. the sand with that yoke of oxen. We

put an addition of two rooms our on business in Tooele. He was sucEarly in life he learned the house, the walls of which were built of all cessful in he undertook. of meaning hard work adobe. all I hauled the material, tended

From his boyhood he and felt the weight the mason and assisted with the work.

was active in the of responsibili- "The family used wood exclusively for

I hauled the from the canwood as Church, this ty. age fuel. At an

cut it yon and into stove lengths for brief record indiwhen most burning.

cates. He was boys are in "I engaged in all the ordinary sports

set of day, apart playing my marbles ball. and base and high

a I Many started day for the canyon an servedhas school hour or before more the stars quit shining consecutively he was to in order get load of my be wood and elder, sevas doing for a home four o'clock ball game."

enty, high He was married to Alice priest and 1 a A Robinson m i r patriarch. For

9, March 1882. For years sixteen fifty years they

he counwas have walked the selor in hand in handpresidency of through sunthe Tooele Stake of shine and Zion. shadow and

have faced T N April, tiesthe andperplexivicis- 1 1906, he situdes of life abecame fear withoutmember o f and with the council a settled and a of twelve conquering apostles. faith. They 1916From have made a he to 1919presided over home and

reared a famthe European ily that chalMission. lenges theThis was admiration ofduring the all whomost turbulent days of know them

and of allthe great who underWorld War.

Conscriptions Above: Franklin Dewey Richstand the

ards Longstroth and Richfundamentals Nancy so draswere of life. ards, parents George Franklin oftic that men Richards.were not ALICE available,

Lower: George F. Richards and ALMIRAconsequently his wife pleasant find many ROBINSON didwomen hours links. on the golf is a bravelargely the beautiful and

work of the woman with Church. At a sweet and

one time radiant spirit, nearly three the mother ofhundred fifteen chilwomen were doing such work. a man's work. Referring to this dren, ten daughters and five sons.

For eleven years he has been he said: Thirteen of these children are livpresident of the Salt Lake Temple. ing. the All of have been boys in the spring "Early of 1876 my

lifeThus all his the welfare of the older brother on a mission to Engwent all missions girls on the and have

Church has left a his been a land and oxen, of yoke major me conbeen in married temple. the This

cart, these, chains. canyon andcern. With song of the poet finds fulglorious

I fifteen age, although of years but was,F. George Richards been has life: fillment in her 1 in his absence hauled Farmfrom woodprominent in civil affairs, serving it grist ington traded to the Canyon and battle ever that "The bravest was fought,

as county treasurer of Tooele mill for grist stuff, to the molasses mill Shall I tell you where and when?

The Improvement Era for April, 1932 329

On the maps of the world you will find George F. Richards and know. Their sons are honorable

it not, his five sons men, men of faith, devotion and fought by the mothers of men. 'Twas * * * * shining integrity—their daughters

"Oh, ye with banners and battleshot, are noble women, kind, lovable, soldiers to praise; shout and steel. And as true intelligent This and artists creations the of I tell victories the kingliest fought sublime you family. These is a blue ribbon ages the imsilent which glorify in and those ways."fought Were contribureal a parents have made are the race not mortalize comPHESE parents believe in the parable to the moulding of the tion to this Republic.

fireside, in the laughter of eternal soul of man. To create Let us remember that boys and

little children, in the gospel that a home where the souls of chilgirls do not grow to the estate of builds happy, peaceful homes dren are touched with the expandnoble manhood and jwomanhood where the purest longings of the ing power of a radiant faith; just by chance. These parents

heart are best satisfied. They have where there filters into their hearts have led the way and set the exis not ofcarried this doctrine to a beautiful the assurances that really great ample—their leadership

fruition. "Home, sweet home"things can be accomplished if one the driving kind. Honesty, infinds response in every heart that goes steadfastly forward; where dustry, affection and faith are enhas been touched with the comfortthey hear in daily prayer and conshrined in this home. These are

ing influence of a real home. That versation: "Trust in the Lord and the virtues that underlie all sound

is the kind they have made. One do good, so shalt thou dwell in living, that purify, elevate and ennever becomes acquainted with a the land and verily thou shalt be rich this mortal life and make the

family like this without being imfed,"is a supreme achievement. world secure and happy.

pressed with its fundamental Following the death of the late value. QEORGE F. RICHARDS and beloved Anthon H. Lund, George

To maintain the integrity of his wife have come as near F. Richards was made president

the home is the primary concern of doing this as any two people we of the Salt Lake TempleIt was the church and a wise and hapof the state. No py choice. The

people can rise tranquility of higher than the his mind and level of its famthe serenity of ily life. What his spirit are in

this country is harmony with going to amount the sanctity of to in the end the place over depends upon which he prewhat happens sides. He was

to its homes. If set apart to this

the family deoffice by Presicays there is no dent Heber J.

magic by which Grant on March you can save the 14, 1921, and church. immediately as-

/Homebuild- sumed the reing is a fine art, sponsibilities of the work of the office. For

master craftseleven years he men. The parhas administerents who create ed the affairs of

at the fireside that institution the atmosphere with gratifying in which strong results.

men 'and noble During h i s women grow have created someAlice R.herRichardseight daughterssurrounded by presidency the work has gone

thing finer than ever found expressteadily forward; the capacity of

sion in marble or bronze. The (Continued on page 342)

odmother i i.N the exalted mood of this particular "Really, Mark?"His inscrutable eyes traveled

Saturday evening, which stood apart from other from the brown hat that was intricately simple,

Saturdays and other evenings like a song out of down the lovely face and the supple, subtle tailleur silence, Rachel hated meeting Mark. In fact, she to the slender feet in kidskin shoes which, too, might

almost slipped into the tall doorway she was passing, have been tautly made of taffeta. "You're thinking

to avoid meeting his leyes. that I'm looking changed, too, aren't you? Oh,

It was hard to explain just why Rachel hated to and I am changed! A 'completely different person,

meet Mark. They had not been particularly close inside and out. J wonder, if you could see my

friends (except, perhaps, at first, six years ago) but new inner trappings, if you would still say, 'You're they had never even remotely been enemies. It had looking well'?",

been one of those subtle edgings away, a tacit truce "I haven't the least idea."What a beast he was!

to observe barriers that each would prefer not to Then, in that same low, vibrant voice that went so explain. strangely with his attitude of indifference, he asked,

Rachel had been thinking about her new apartment "Where are you gowith her one blue Persian rug, her two possibly ing? To la party?"

genuine Heppel white chairs; thinking of her one "Oh, it might be,

real Venetian vase with the indescribable lights of Mark."Rachel was

bluelilac through it, and wondering whether Anlaughing almost drew Wickenham would send her yellow roses and with excitement.

heather when he saw it. "A party all by

OHE had been thinking that mounting myself.these stuffyAfteryears allof

three flights of deeply cushioned stairs to a door that rubbing against* bore her own nameplate, and spending hours and people, I've actually 1 hours of utter solitude broken only by the calling acquired a place \ of Andrew, was the most perfect program she could where I can be have dreamed for her own dreamdriven existence. alone. Absolute solAnd passing spacious shop window mirrors that itude in a beautiful

showed her a lovely, perfectly tinted face and a room of my own is lovely, perfectly gowned figure, she had marveled the most perfect and wondered why she was herself with three hungift my fairy goddred dollars a month and her own gracious apartmother could have ment,to go home to, while Margie was still slaving granted. I can

—whoat her P.hadB. beenX. switchboardthe prettiest uptown;and cleverestand andDorothymost scarcelyreally has!believeMostshepromising of them all—was somewhere out in the fairies are a bit vincountry with an pldlooking face and three almost dictive, don't you

indistinguishable babies. think? They seem

to feel that our one IT was silly to avoid Mark. His only crime is really

offense was to wrench her thoughts away from Anwanting things, drew; jand resenting that, she reflected, was childish punishable always,

of one in her new state of triumph. He had almost sooner or later, by

passed her, not looking and as if he didn't care, when our having to do she wheeled about, and laid her hand in its taffetastrictly without like kid glove on his sleeve. them. Can you

Why, she wondered, must goodlooking men wear blame me for being suits after they begin to turn shabby? proud of my very '-mm

"Hello, Mark,"said Rachel; and when his face good taste in godcaught itself in the middle of lighting up, she wished mothers, and wanting to make a celebration of her

she had not paused. lavishness?"

"Hello, Ray,"said the voice she thought she had quite forgotten. It was a low, sweet voice with illS interest had flickered toward hers

almost liquid tones, and a curious restraint behind and gone out again. Now he was examining some

it that implied that only a few things out of a posfrayed threads on his cuff, with an air of politely sible very many were being uttered aloud. "How letting her go on talking. She wondered why she

are you? You're looking well."was talking to him at all, yet somehow he had

C arla Wolfe Illustrated by Paul Clowes

'Godmother"is modern enough to catch the fancy of the most sophisticated of our modern younger set and yet is full of heart interest that will appeal to old and young alike. It will run through

three issues of the Improvement Era, gaining strength to the last line. Carla Wolfe

knows her "moderns."

"How much do you make now, Mark?""Thirtyfive dollars. But—"with a braggart flourishwork only half days."

Rachel's hard little words hurled themselves like pebbles against glass. "J earned sixteen dollars a week six years ago.

Now I get seventy."

332 The Improvement Era for April, 1932

turned and t was walking in her own direction. On the way up the stairs that seemed to make obeimothers—even"Do you think,"some ihelittleinquiredscrubs atoflast,godmothers"that godsancefield ofbeneaththe secondeach footfall,floor lightwhenandtheyascendingwere outtowardof the

would trouble to thwart a person who asked no the door with her own impressive nameplate on it, more than that?"when they were all but in shadow and only an inHe's jealous, and being hateful about it, she tensely strong and masculine presence mpved beside

told herself, to stop (bleeding from a little wound. her, Rachel thought: This is wrong—wrong! The

Aloud she laughed, "Don't say too much about first to enter my door with me! It should not be Mark.

the littleness of it until you really see. I'm going The spell of enchantment that had attended every

to show it to you right now, and all the lovely detail of this new miracle, and every hour of this things that belong with it. I'm even going to let charged day, hovered more waveringly as she found

you hear about some of the changes I've achieved that she could in no way give another's name to inside."this presence who was as strong and las masculine

'You don't need to,"he assured her, but as if his as Andrew Wickenham.

answer might have been hours long, had he chosen In the living room, which was at once fragile to say all that and rich, delihe had to say. cately toned and

"Perhaps not deeply accented for my own with color, sake, but for Mark looked yours. You're overtall and

a very rude, illpoorly groomed bred young and as if he man, and you're worked too probably sufhard or did not fering now for sleep enough.

the brutal mistakes of your But youth. I'm gohe loved the

ing to insist on room. The passhowing you sive, careless

just what I mask had premean—what sumably fallen

—andI've gotchallengeat last blueinto urnthe whichdullyou to scorn my was the first

darling godthing that met mother. It his eyes, and reshould at least mained there.

point a lesson "I take back for you to use every word I sometime in the said about your future, when godmother,"he you're in a situsaid once during ation that realtheir talk. "I

ly matters."think I can

honestly hope All fordoesn'tyou thatrunshe the time she was across mine talking, she was some day and urgently telling exchange ideas."

herself, I hope It i s n t he doesn't. He's smart any more

simply illna- to be disillutured and dull, sioned, Mark,"and there's not she told him an earthly realightly.. "I'm

son for his ever sure you feel seeing my place. something banal

Besides, he'd about not getprobably come ting your share around again, in this cruel and meet Anworld. But bedrew and spoil cause I know

the atmosphere you too well to entirely. He has "Might you decide to work have to make

no right to! all day, instead of only half?"(Cont. on p. 376)

By Mabel Frazer

Florence, Italy

jMichel Angelo's anta amiglid tists, and I could endure only so only existing easel picture known much. At last I turned to be painted entirely by him.

I, child,"said "is the "That the painted frescoes True, he on other Ameriday two only to one in Florence worthy Sistine the ceiling, Chapel he butTHEcans before Ansat down the be Christ Child!"Wherevery well a ceiling that knew was

gelo's "Santa Famiglia,"upon I proceeded to point out to not the proper place for decoraand after a long period of conmy countryman some of the things tion, and he protested bitterly at templation the man said, "I bet in the picture that hold me spellbeing compelled to leave his chisels you that if anybody but Michel bound. to paint it. But Raphael hoped

Angelo that thing, had painted force his great rival disas-, to to a, as the art at think itno one would all. ]y[ICHELti rrrucT ANGELO, Mrr trous failurej suavely pubHc and

Why, just look at that woman! guides all tell you, was not handled the Pope—patron of them

She's absolutely a masculine!"painter; a sculptor, he and was force task, to the Angelo both—to I listened to more, as he but Michel a sculptor. painted This forced and in so doing to himAngelo is the patron saint of arrondel in the Uffizi Gallery is the (Continued on page 374) the

The Best AilAround Athletes in the Intermountain West Left to right: Jack Thornier and

Newell Rushforth, Davis; Lyndon

Dudley, Spanish Fork (2nd place);

Hunt Sanford, Springville, (4th);..

Ernest Jenson, Payson, (3rd);

Duane Tollestrup, Gunnison ValWM ley, (5th); Bob Stratford, Weber

County (1st); Joe Chandler, Weber

County; Fred Reeve, Hinckley;

Robert Spalding, Wasatch Academy (6th).

This is the Olympic year. Here is 193 Ps crop

of athletes who entered the A llaround contests last year. The record of the

winner will give M Men, Vanguards, and others a mark to shoot at.

By Beth Swensen

TBest AilAround ITYoungis eveningUniversityin thestadium.BrighamA

great blur of excitement runs through the vast crowds in the grand stand as the twentyfirst anAthletenual relay carnival comes to a dramatic close after a stupendous array of young athletes gathered tered ruthlessly is Bob Stratford, precedented score of five thousand from colleges and prep schools in winner of the title best allaround eightytwo points. Though he

four states have demonstrated their athlete, who comes to the official's failed to break any standing recability in countless contests of stand to receive his award. He is ords, he was consistently outstandrunning, jumping and throwing. a fairhaired sixteenyear-old and ing in each of the nine events. His

The rhythmical pounding of feet blushes deeply as the President of closest rival for the crown, L. Dudon the cinder path ceases, the javethe University and the Coach ley from Spanish Fork, made two

lin and discus lie deserted on the shake hands with him. sensational spurts, breaking the

fields as silent reminders of the To win his new title and inconference records in the 440 yd.

battle of superiors that has been cidentally the E. L. Roberts award, dash and the 220 yd. low hurdles,

waged to an unparalleled climax. a seventeen jewel platinum watch, but he could not match the

The most spectacular hero to Stratford fought his way through smoothness that was Stratford's in emerge from the field strewn with nine events against ten other close each performance. Bearing the

old records that have been shatcompetitors and amassed an untrophies of three first places, four sixsecond places, one third and one Bob is the son of Earl and day in my classes—that makes

eighth, Bob's record stands: Elizabeth Stratford and was born teen!"

at Ogden, Utah, in 1915. Most

Points of his time has been spent in the '""THOUGH this versatile young 100 yd. dash,: I0y4 600 same city, where he has passed track star also won division

Broad jump, 19 ft. A l/7 in. 480 through the kindergarten, Mount honors for Weber High School as

Shot put, 38 ft. 8 in 432 Fort grade school, North Junior allstar halfback in football and

High jump, 5 ft. 7 in 626 High and Weber Senior High allstar guard in basketball, ath440 yd. dash,:53 1/5 920 Schools. Bob has always been an letics have not interfered with his

Discus, 88 ft 287 athlete since the days he used to school work and he is an excellent

Javelin, 134 ft 370 play baseball, buck the line and student. Bob has a very methodi220 yd. low hurdles,:28 2/5 647 run the 100 yd. dash with the cal mind and likes bookkeeping

Pole vault, 10 ft. 6 in 720 neighbor boys on an old vacant and mathematics.

lot.

I could not suppress a gasp of

Total points 5082 Probably because he is so young, surprise when I asked him, "Aside he rather reluctantly admitted from all your other athletics what

HIS1 virile young athlete rated that training had anything to do is your hobby?"The prompt re-T first in the 100 yd. dash, the with his unusual ability to win. ply was "Tennis."Even in his

broad jump, and the pole vault; "But,"he conceded, "I don't hobby, he is not content to be

second in the shot put, high jump, drink, smoke, take tea or coffee just passably good and came to 440 yd. dash and 220 yd. lowand I always average ten hours the city finals in the Ogden matchhurdles: third in the javelin and sleep every night."Dick Thorne, es last year.

way down to eighth in the discus his coach, who was once one of Last summer found Bob porthrowing contest. He told me Brigham Young's most brilliant ing over double entry books for

confidentially that the 440 yd. athletes added humorously, 'Yes, the Utah Power and Light Co.

dash was his favorite of all the Bob gets plenty of sleep; that's Last fall he went down to Brigevents and he hopes sometime to the reason he's so good. Ten hours ham Young along with his coach,

better his record. a night at home and six hours a Dick Thorne.

By Mae Huntington

"Hauling Diets"by Anthony Thieme—Boston

Purchase Prize, 1931

AnQj in

Herein is told the story,of a (project which, on account of the heartpower of a few great men, and the sacrifices of hundreds of children as well asadults, has received national acclaim. (Culture

twenty years ago three men, an argrew, and bore fruit and today we have the SpringNEARLY tist, a school superintendent, and a physician, ville High School Art Gallery.

met in the artist's studio for a friendly chat.

Perhaps it was the atmosphere of the studio, for HPHE three men agreed that if love of art were to be the walls were hung with outdoor sketches, bringdeveloped it must begin in youth since that is ing into that little unfinished room faint echoes of the time of habitforming. Accordingly Mr. Hafen

whispering aspens, of gurgling brooks, and of sighselected from those on the walls of his studio, a ing pines; perhaps it was the stirring of Spring herpainting, "The Mountain Stream,"one of his finest

self, whose heralds could be seen through the great canvases, and announced his intention of presenting west window, which looked out upon fragrant, it to the high school. This he did, expressing the

green meadows, beyond which Utah Lake and its hope that this picture would be a nucleus around bordering mountains were dimly visible in the diswhich a great art collection would grow.

tance. Whatever it was, the conversation of the The three began their campaign by talking art to

three friends soon launched into a discussion of art students, teachers, and school patrons. Then art

and its refining influence on the world. meetings were held where lectures were given, reJohn Hafen was the artist whose studio that spring productions of famous pictures by old masters were

livesafternoonground—richlost itsin usualpossibilities,charactergreatand becamein promise—ina plot of plaineddisplayed,theirwhilemeritsteachersand toldandsomethingvisiting ofartiststhe exwhich a seed was sown by the careful, skilled hands of the painters. The gospel of beauty was spread,

of the artist and his friends. The seed sprouted, little by little, until the people of the town began

The Improvement Era for April, 1932 337

idea the in the feeling for of appreciation conceived of 1921 a experienceto was display. then the reproductions onof at and Hafen as Mr. salon spring works H'OWEVER,holding a school the high

was done yearly in Paris, and out of the exhibit artists of the state, seeing what was being to begin again the purchase of pictures. The firstO|THERdone in Springville, and becoming interested in salon was composed almost exclusively of Utah

Hafen's presentation, sent paintings of their own to artists, but the following year it included paintings be added to the one already presented. This group from the surrounding states and California. In

included canvases by J. T. Harwood, G. Wesley 1923, invitations were sent to leading artists all over

Browning, Lee Greene Richards, Mahonri M. Young, the United States to enter their paintings in the

Mrs. Emma Springville High School Exhibit.

Smart, E. H. A brief history of the movement and its

Eastmond, aims was sent with these invitations, and and J. B. Fairthe response from artists representing half

banks.These Albertthe statesRosenthal,in the Unionone ofwastheoverwhelming.best portrait

paintings were painters of America, was so pleased with unveiled i n the idea of a little western town, scarcely

April, 1907, visible on the map, placing a collection before an auof the best art before its students, that he dience that by asked if he this time had might be albecome irre- "Tepees,"by John Hafen lowed to prepressibly ensent a paintthusiastic i n "Afternoon Glow,"by ing. As a rethe cause of John F. Carlson sult "Little

art. The city Fan"was adcouncil voted a special ded to the galtax to carry on the lery. Other

work; the school board artists have

appropriated an amount been similarly equal to the tax; and impressed and

this sum, known as the have presented

Springville High School canvases.

prize, was offered each Several year at the Alice Art Inyears ago an stitute at Salt Lake enterprising

City. Junior Class

This purchase prize, of the school ranging from one hunconceived the dred to one hundred fifidea of purty dollars, was small chasing a picconsidering the quality ture, thereby of pictures entered; for making anothmany of the finest er addition to

paintings in the present the collection collection were obtained each year. The

in this manner. Among classes which

these is "The Tepees,"have succeeded considered by art critics this one have to be John Hafen's continued to masterpiece and follow this precedent, until it has become an estabnow valued at lished custom. This is known as the Junior Class

five thousand purchase prize and some of the gallery's finest posdollars. "The sessions have been added as a result of this prize.

Harvest,"by J. Our backward glance would be incomplete withLeo Fairbanks, out some mention of the sculpture collection. For

and "The Boy about the time that John Hafen presented his first and the Bun,"painting to the school, Cyrus E. Dallin, responsive

by J. T. Harwood, were also among these early to the artistic movement which was beginning to

prize pictures. be felt in his native town, gave to the school a reSo the collection grew until 1915 when the legisproduction of his statue, "Paul Revere."The origilature passed the school consolidation law and Springnal of this work won the twentythousand-dollar

ville became a part of Nebo District. This art preprize for the best conception of Paul Revere, a comvented the school board any longer from giving petition that was entered into by the best sculptors

financial help; and as a result the project languished of the world.

for several years, since, at that time, to raise the Since that time Mr. Dallin has presented "The

entire fund seemed too much for a student responsiAppeal to the Great Spirit"and a replica of the bility. statue of Emmeline B. Wells. In (Cont. on \p. 379)

Here they are—jour "snappy"letters from

people who are economizing and like it. Each

letter was awarded a check as each is an interesting document. These came in answer to our

invitation published in the January Improvement Era.

Wise Coeds By FLORA FAUCETT, Provo ''O matter how great the loss, there is always some small gain."We four coeds of the "Y"have

learned from this depression the allwise art of being thrifty. Each girl cooks and

Because we were all in the same financial situation, doesone dayhouseholda week. duties

and because the chances for continuing school looked "slim,"we resolved to prove that batching is cheaper than boarding in "Ad-a-Line Flat."(So called because when one writes a letter we all "ad-a-line"and

thus save postage.)

did first thing to budget our money. was we The Six

fifty dollars cents limit The SnappySeven was and the monthly for each, not including personal needs. By MISS SNAPPY, THE SIXTH, B. Y. U.

Following is the individual monthly budget: Rent,

this year,"my friend$3.00; electricity, 25c; milk, 71c; coal, 90c; wood, HEAR you're batching

10c; groceries, $2.00; extra household expenses, 54c. greeted me the other day.

Total, $7.50. Excepting canned fruit, nothing is "Yes. I'm enjoying it immensely,"I answered.

brought from home that is not included in the $2.00 "And the best part of it is that it's costing me only

grocery allowance. $12.00 a month."

Each Friday the two cooks for the ensuing week "What!"he exclaimed in astonishment. And bemake a menu of wellcause I fear you, too, are saying the same thing, I am

balanced meals congoing to tell you all about it.

sisting of fruits, Our Snappy Six are as happy a family as you'd vegetables, cereals, find anywhere. Besides myself; Miss Snappy, the

and salads. Meat is first, (Arizona; Miss Snappy, the second, Murray;

only served twice a Miss Snappy, the third, Spanish Fork; Miss Snappy,

week. Saturday, barthe fourth, Missouri; and Miss Snappy, the fifth,

gain hunting is in Idaho Falls, make up our group. We live in a ground

order for the cooks, floor apartment and have glorious fun playing the while the other two game of "making ends meet."

do the week's launAfter a quarter of school we can truthfully say that dering. It is a credit we have lived on $12.00 each per month. Here is

to coeds of today that our budget for each girl: Rent, $4.00; coal, $1.00;

we have never gone lights, 50c; food, $6.50; making a total of $12.00.

to school without our (Personal expenses, of course, are additional.)

meals or left undone On Saturday a week's supply is purchased at one our housework. time and have we learned how to find bargains? Take

a shopping tour with us and see.

Saturday, bargain hunting Each girl cooks and does household duties one is in order for the cooks. day a week. Batching is the best experience a girl can

have, and the "Snappy Six"are always ready for the

As proof of the adequacy of our budget, we have appetizing breakfasts, warm lunches, and delicious kept healthy. Our scholastic standing averages "B."dinners prepared.

We budget our time in order that studies may not We have fresh vegetables and fruits, properly balsuffer. Studying is done after six o'clock each night. anced foods and plenty of them. One look at our

On Friday night the school work is done, leaving jolly gang will prove we are not suffering from unSaturday evening for recreation and Sunday for der nourishment, or anemia. Miss Snappy, the fifth,

church activities. who is school nurse, vouches for the saneness and

For a lesson in economy, cooperation, mealplan- bounteousness of our diet.

ning and home management, we recommend a course If you still doubt—call upon us at 6 p. m. any

in batching to any college student before entering evening and try one of our time tested delicious dinmatrimony. It is a "Y's Coed"who batches during ners seasoned with spicy talk and (jolly wit.depression. Signed—"The Snappy Six."

Economizing Economically By A. H. GIBBONS, Logan, Utah

TT isn't fun but it's good experience to keep a family1 of six on $47.00 a month including $20.00 for

rent and $8.50 for coal.

We landed in Logan with enough money to live on for a couple of months, pay tuition, and buy books. I almost blush to think how I tried to get a

few pieces of furniture for almost nothing. A crippled chair and table were repaired. A widower lent

us two beds, a table and two chairs for $1.00. The

Bishop's counselor gave us a rusty old stove for only the labor of making it presentable. What matter if

the grate was made of bolts, wheels, etc; and the

damper must be raised with a curved wire? An

old dishpan, a tub and some fruit jars were rescued from a trash pile.

And food! Green stuff for kiddies! What joy

the discovery of watercress on a Sunday exploring expedition. Windfall apples dried on shares; carrots

books this fare the added to and—allthinned for thinnings; factory beans picked for beans We buy our together outand dietwhile a we thrived on that of apples—dried,helped to fill bottles,baked, sidenecessary we of

stewed, sauced into salad. variation and For made know TTl

is. what money carrots, carrots, carrots, fried creamed rawwe had \\l |l\\T t"Q\7"s>* scarcely salad,carrot carrots. and

Friday nights in the temple paid for most of our milk. of School? By cooking breakOut

fast for two roomBy NELLIE RAE BISHOP, Cedar City, Utah ers we got our cereal paid for and T TRIED staying out one year and that was enough.

likewise our bread. It may have been luck that got me a job to work

It would be a my way through school, but anyway I am now long tale to tell enjoying my school studies as well as the work which how we put up is putting me through. And there is a great deal of

300 quarts of fruit joy and satisfaction attached to working one's way, and bought only every cent, through school.

two bushels. NeedThere are four of us living together on twentyfive

/ wonder the faculty dollars a month; sounds almost impossible, but we

members did not get have all we want to eat; we sleep warmly and well

exceedingly tired of my and are very comfortable generally. We buy our

continual asking for necessary books together and outside of that we work. But I is. got it! scarcely to what have learned money know We Thirty dollars a month!

dollar stretch a see so far it before through we can we let it go, but then "to economize is to be smart"less to say we did a lot of bottling on shares and got and it doesn't bother us if we overlook all the little a lot of neighbors to share bottles with us. things we might want and are satisfied with necessary

A cast off washer was bought for $2.50, and we articles.

did washings for students. When you're "broke flatter than a squaw track"

I wonder the faculty members,did not get exceedit is a good time to believe that you are never happy it off. broke, you are and laugh not only You tired continualingly asking for work. But until of my get along develop but a very you side humorous of dollarsI got it! a month! Thirty

life of course is a thing good which you anyway

Now we're on the home stretch. If we can live happen to look at it. A whole lot of the students are

until the last of May, I'll have my degree, and, if in the same boat and there is no need to worry about experience counts for anything, I should be able to it sinking with all hands to the mast. Yes, it takes

teach folks how to economize economically, don't only a little money and a lot of determination to go it! you think? to school—and you're bound to like

atBeing Alive Cpour and Cjpive

By Alberta Wuish Christensen

erSfi/iiw Brave HEN dad don't shave, oh goodness my! Thewbristles stand out stiff an'high.

like claws rubs he An'when.. b'cause face, I'm'em—jus'brave,. Upon my

Even if they hurt my skin....

I guess the other ends inside Are stickin'into him!

Alive DEIN'alive,"Tom says, "is fun;

*-* 'cause if y'wasn't y'couldn't run "r climb a tree "t catch a toad, an'gee y'couldn't whistle,... scream,

ice*x ever cream!"heapedup have

he's a chair, No Room glad he's says notTom that's got a place a lap t'sit*r"A a table'stable. awful"Cause,"dumb hean'said,dead!"/LIKEF'r me

With lots a space.

Wish But there's jes'room on grandpa's knee 1J/ISH big folks would never say, F'r his own tummy,

I y* so. y'so, told "I told None f'r me.W

first."are goingJus'you where watch

Don't they know that makes it worst?An'already on my bump w lse

There is a great big swellinglump! UESS Santa Claus is pretty wise—

Else he's got some RIGHT good Pillows G eyes only baby Our f'r playin'war, are JDILLOWS Upon Xmas HER scribbledletter—for; they're that's* what Billy says

read as well he hers Bat b'lieve I 'im muchdon'tBut 'wrote'mine was Though LOTSas mine,better! t'I tell touch. ones can't which

"Soft ones are t'throw,"he said, TattleTale "If you're aimin'at the head.

chairs in easy ones Fattish tattletale, awful an TRUTH'S f'r all otherwheres. rightAre -* Jus'I told b'cause'my brother

he said, better you'd LEAVE,"..But 'at toe. she hurt my

"'Fancy ones on mother's bed."Why then Ruthy had t'go

b'lieve 'im much; don't did he Yes

t'touch! ones Still—II can't tell An'tell HER brother, an'he said, which 'at I jus'a right fresh kid! was

Who? Kisses Bad

a lot of kisses, jus't'know T IKE -*—J who it is J-'-*-JX/'J YEverymommyday. makes... (\NLY took five doughnuts, single night Every

Honest baby's Messes our up all I had was hrfir,- An'Jus'makesgives 'em'em allan'away.makes 'em, Five a sight! it look Makes

... gee But

An''en mother has t'brush an'brush An'if a face gets bumped and sore, You should see looked at me! aunt Lizzie floor, the The way on tumbled someone Where hairs out flat. wrinkled The

that I 'r a thought You'd had done a kiss two, jus'takes she Why, suppose the sandman you Do

Would do a thing like that? An'makes the hurtplace good as new! Somethin'AWFUL bad!

Conversation An Orchard In Spring Debutantes

On A Still Afternoon By Mary C. Shaw By C. S. Boyer

By Ardyth Kennelly trees slender closely the so aspen buds, folded, to sylvan 'HE Z? ROWN

*-* *rJ curls, lost their cling golden bare Have twigs appleblossom Z? LOW words like All stand novices, winter, chastened They while through windsweptLJ Through the soft blue minutes.

girls; timid toss choir branches and fling; OrBlow them petallike

vanity, Shorn of the grass is starting in the their dancingThrough the clean sunlight,—But now

meekness Their orchard. is sublime,

Let them sift delicately They fold their hands and close their eyes

Through the thin air, Slender hazel catkins swung their gold And wait for Winter time.

aloft, I willAnd purse my lips are holidays gone brookside lingered, gray Their Summer by theAnd blow them again. Pussies back

the brooks, must forget soft; They and

—But now the buds are bursting in the And silently and faithfully,

orchard. Read Nature's solemn books,

Modiste One day, gently touched by the magic ThenAndwithheartsnewbuddedthat soar wisdomand sing,

By Florence Hartman Townsend A paradisewandof ofpinkspring,and white the sunThey'llAnd usherbe entrancingin the Spring.debutantes

bring; cutting the bluest 'M dress the out of it's blossom time out in theJ—And beamsnow sky!

orchard. bird's for scissors, wings a thinA wispy Spring Hills shred Of cloud and a star for my needle and By Grant Redford thread. Spring Sunset nHEY ate old, those hills,

ofI'm making a bonnet smoke, sunset and fringes rosy goldWith the adorning rim, By Grant Redford Like-* Withthe seaa orslowsun.oldness

And the for a buckle pinned under moon calm boldness the brim. stays a man's heart. -*"*A SILVERCuts theof skycloudline. OldWhichwith

quiver, loud. too finished, are far A they whenAnd some satisfied, seem They

west, the Throbs from bye, bye and hills, Those warmed with wood sun bleeding the FromI'll dazzle the folk them of the don and Distilled deep breasts from rest. to Sinking town, Satisfied and good

moonbuckledWith my hat and my sky- A webbing of trees Like a fulllived man. cloudy gown!

leafless lines; Are Purple peaceful and

seas etching on An Bluewashed, and waiting quiet sky, Of spring to For green them, spring throbbing On.'Soil of the hills Boy are pink, Those mating

daintily. Mauved Life age. peaceful and Bertha By Woodland

bird, singing of A calmness of heart Must of the weather, and first, wind restless The from hard years, Grow warm Child of the loam; mellow a bring word,Q[ON soil rich hills? Like on allHeir of joy a cry form ToIs Will burning hopefears Is the carefree I boy, utter; cannot

hills f years With grow peaceful—Like plain mountainWith and for his own. not why. I know

As the teeming years come crowding

With laughter and love and toil. The pulsing of earth

/rain the andThe sun the Hurts young heart; I Shall RememberHave made and brawn birth for crying brain A

Only seen in the boy of the soil. Is heard in sod, By Christie Lund

In swelling tree buds For pomp and pride and injustice Answering God. T SHALL remember you forever,

Must extract their yearly toll; * When your face and your touch have

To stand in the lead long, long since been gone;

In pretension and greed And your voice is but an unreality

To trample your honest soul. That through the years still somehow

When ease and imperial power echoes on.

Must thrive on the landsman's spoil,

Thank God the blame I shall remember you forever,

And the burning shame When the crescent moon lies curved beAre unknown to the boy of the soil. neath a star....

Our star! which I shall wish on every

Childhood, boyhood and manhood, evening ofMemories rustic lore, For you—wherever you are. choresThe daily

And the pool have been yours Yes, Love, and remember that forever

And with you forever more. Will be a dim, long time without you

When your perfect day grows dusky, near.

And age your activities foil But life will be much richer for rememKnow the rest bering

Of his humble blest The precious things that made me love

Neath a hallowed mound of your soil. Spring Zephyrs, Utah Lake you, dear.

342 The Improvement Era for April, 1932

[George Franklin RichardsContinuedpage from329 the temple has been enlarged, and By official appointment from the All his life he has sought the esthe number of workers greatly inPresident of the Church Sister tablishment and maintenance of creased until today the ordinances Richards directs the work of the the principles taught by the Masperformed are many times greater women of the temple. She is, by ter, believing sincerely that obedithan they were ten years ago. Presnature and experience, eminently ence to these principles is the way

ident Richards has gathered about suited to this work. She fits adto enduring happiness and perhim a corps of the most devoted mirably into the situation and thus manent peace. This is the motive

and efficient workers and has, with shares the joy and honor which and inspiration behind his endeavhis usual care and intelligence, orhave come to her worthy husband ors. I

ganized the administrative side of in directing the work of the greatthe work and carries it out with est temple built in this dispensaTT is gratifying to know that durquiet but businesslike efficiency. tion. ing his busy and serious life he

All of this has contributed in a has never permitted the spirit of degree to the increasingmarked his heart. die in to is a play You may, inQEORGE R RICHARDS popularity of the sacredterest and see morning, early selfdisciplin- deeply religious, summer on an

but significant service to which this ed man, observing in detail and on the Municipal Golf Course a institution is dedicated. with fidelity, what he regards as gallant, kindly looking, genial

Vicarious work for the dead is his religious obligations; but he is man, rather compactly built and

a distinct feature of the religion very far from,being a grim and neatly attired in golf togs, now of the Latterday smile. seventyone years of age; his wife, Saints—no other dour Puritan who cannot

church or people understand it. On the contrary, he is a pleasant sixtyeight, the mother of fifteen

To one familiar with its farreach- and happy man who has a sane children, trimly and appropriately ing effects it is one of the most and discriminating mind and dressed, both dignified but in a magnanimous and soulsatisfying knows that every religious conviccare-free spirit, playing golf with doctrines ever preached or practiced tion must be tested by its effect some of their children.

by the followers of any prophet or upon one's.conduct. One's moral Brother and Sister Richards have

philosopher in the modern world. duties and responsibilities toward just celebrated their golden wedof his neighbors, his vocation salvation as compreThe plan and his are their golden indeed ding—these as inseparablehended he regards is not family by "Mormonism"as considerate and days. He is

limited by the grave;,it reaches from his religion. It is true he chivalrous toward his bride of fifty

back to the ages that have gone, sets up lofty requirements for years ago as the day when;first he

and forward into the eternities to Church membership but he t is loyal won her hand. The romance of

come. in his observance of these requiretheir early love is sweetened and

uses persuasively and ments. He sanctified fifty years. by

'his influence great the of wisely the authorization the of TNDER is deeply,satisThere something office his personthe of and power are perordinances Church, fying appealingly and beautiful ality get same. to the to others do in theformed Temples Holy by it lives this of about kind. Isn't the the means motives and Bothliving the for dead. Church The a delightful see thing to people purhis to he accomplish employs side the farther thatmaintains on have uncomplainingly who done unselfish. are the pose most veil theseof are the ordinances their share the of world's and work

made applicable to the dead as In all his discourses is reflected carried courageously.their full

they, by faith and repentance, be- a clear and (deep understanding of weight of life's responsibilities come prepared to receive them. In the great fundamentals of the Gosgrow gracefully old together, and

other words: these ordinances, pel and a profound love for huto walk hand in hand toward the

when properly performed, are manity. His loyalty to the truth setting sun, and as they journey

made available and effective to and his devotion to the right, as he hear the laughter of grandchildren those in the spirit world and they understands it, are unsurpassed. and to feel with iBrowning that

may accept or reject this work as "The best is yet to be?"

elect. It a is purely matterthey

altogether not a time accepts choice.of "Mormonism"

is of a state of mind. PeoYouthlife—it isthe doctrine glorious the imof

ple /deserting old their grow by affirms the soulmortality of and ideals. as are as our young "We this leavethat sphere we we when faith, as as old our despairs."

a better world. a highergo to and

Death may separate the husband The crowning work of George and wife, parents and children; F. Richards'life and that of his

the resurrection, in its highest connoble wife; is the work which they

dition, reunites them and restores are now doing in the temple. This

all that was lost in the grave. The is a glorious climax to their splenrestoration and continuance of did careers.

family ties beyond this mortal exGeorge F. Richards has a sweet,

istence can only be brought about strong, delightfully poised and inthrough ordinances performed in wardly triumphant personality, the temple by one divinely comtypical of the best there is in "Mormissioned. monism".

And Afterward Came By Ardyth Kennelly Illustrated by pring

Fielding K. Smith

"Can spring be far behind?"was the questionof the poet. Herein another poet improvises—rather beautifully—upon the same theme—in

prose.

"There. In your arms.

That's life, isn't it? That's

proof of everything."

HE clock ticked in the pool of golden light from into the stillness like a dancer's the tall lamp. Outside, snow IiN the bedroom beyond

sharp little heels on a hard bright blew in flat, white kisses against was a smooth dark bed, a dresser, floor. And afterwhile it spoke an the windows, and the wind cried a deep chair, and a rosy rug. The

hour, and it was one, and then it a little with the pain of stabbing bed had white sheets and a soft spoke another hour, and it was needles of ice. Mrs. Curtis lisorchid blanket and a spread with

two. The moon came up, a gaunt, tened to the clock tick, and she little sprigs of blossoms on it.

white moon, clutching tattered heard the snow. And sometimes And beneath the blanket and

clouds close about her to keep Mrs. Curtis jumped up and hurspread, between the white sheets,

from showing her thin nakedness ried toward the bedroom, and then lay David.,And David was dead.

to the wind and the trees. she remembered and came {back That was the odd thing. David

And Mrs. Curtis sat very still and sat down again, white and was dead.

by. the window; pale and Still wideeyed, in her chair. (Continued on page 380)

eauty By LUTIE H. FRYER in Professor of Home Economics theJdCome

University of Utah Color Harmonies And Wow To Use Them

fact that color 'has a direct look upon the floor, the paper uponTHEand vital influence on each the walls, and the curtains and draperindividual is becoming uniies at the windows, and even to picture versally recognized and for the furniture and accessories in place.

that reason the decorating of a home The more one can visualize the furhas become fully as important as the nished room the fewer mistakes she building of the house itself. A comwill make, to keep in mind the prinfortable cheery room naturally tends ciples of design for they apply to

to make the occupants of the room color as well as to design. There

comfortable and cheery also, whereas must be a feeling of balance, proporone that is stiff and gloomy has the tion, rhythm, emphasis and harmony opposite effect. A kitchen that viof color if the result is to be beautiful.

brates with color stimulates one to acBalance is essential in color arrangecomplish much more work with less ments. It is known as the "Law of

fatigue than a gray, dull kitchen can Areas". This law states that large

ever do. A dark and cheerless dining areas of color should be quiet and

room has ruined more digestion than the long winter months. To countergrayed in effect..The smaller the

rich food ever did. balance this we naturally would select area the brighter a color may be. This

In our study of hue, one of the a color that will bring -warmth and is the foundation upon which all dimensions of color, <,we found that cheerfulness, so we select one from work in color is based. Diagram No.

the colors on one side of the color the warm side of the color chart, as 2 will help to make this law 'clear.

chart beginning with green, through tan, buff, or yellow. The purpose When two or more colors are used

to violet, express coolness; while those of the room governs our choice 'to a together, pleasing proportions make

on the opposite side, through yellow, certain extent. We may use violet the combinations more interesting.

orange, and red, to redviolet suggest to a good advantage in a bed room, The Greek proportion of about two warmth. These qualities may result but it would not be so desirable for parts of one to three parts of the

from our associations of blues with a dining room,or a living room. other is often a pleasing distribution

the color of transparent skies; cool, providing the colors used are equal

still ice. water, of and even Greens

foliage.suggest color is the of Color Harmonies butin theirif therepoweris ato greatattractdifferenceattention,in Red

fire and blood. Yellow is the color A FTER considering the exposure the forcefulness of the colors used,

of sunshine. This quality of warmth and utility of a room, we decide they should be arranged according to

or coolness is a guide when choosing whether it is best to use a cool or a the "Law of Areas". The bright

the colors for rooms with different warm hue. The next thing to do is color should therefore be used in small

exposures. to study out a suitable and pleasing amounts.

Rooms on the south or west side color harmony sometimes spoken of as Through the skillful repetition of of a house, are generally flooded with a color scheme. By color harmony colors in several places in a room,

sunshine and to partly counteract this is meant a combination of hues, valrhythm is secured. This same rhythwe should select a color from the cool ues, and intensities in correct propormic effect may be created through the

side of the color chart, perhaps a tion. We shall have many occasions gradations of hue, value or intensity.

warm gray, as a background with to describe decorative color schemes In such an arrangement, there should which we can use blues and greens and in order fully to comprehend them be one outstanding color effect to proof different values and intensities. it will be to one's advantage to deduce emphasis.

Again, a room on the north or the velop the power to visualize a room Color harmonies which show unity northeast side of a house has none from the given descriptions. Through are the most pleasing. The arrangetoo much sunshine and therefore seems some little practice, one can soon learn ment should impress one that all the

cool and uninviting especially during to see mentally how a certain rug will colors belong together and yet sugThe Improvement Era for April, 1932 345

gest sufficient variety so as to prevent much neutrality and not enough color. limited almost entirely to accessories

monotony. The second kind of dominant color, in interior decoration, but is often

one color harmony, is where one or used in securing desired effects in case a lamp of In the costumes. are a color values of combined Classification of Color more transparent red as of neutrals, shade, if a piece of the or with one more

Harmonies values of orange with gray and black. material is placed (over blue and yellow,

A room in such a color scheme could both colors are tinged with red or classification of color harbe developed by using a deep gray, rug keyed with red. The blue becomes redTHEmonies are numerous and like on the floor, tints of gray for walls, violet, the yellow becomes redorange.

colors, nejed standardization, following but the classification divides II. Contrasting which

them into three classes is Harmonies simple and logical, and includes those which are contrasting harmost adaptable for interior BYmony is meant a comdecorative work. bination of different colThe three main classes ors. In this class we have

of harmonies are: I. Domwhat is known as:

inant; II. Contrasting; 1. Complementary HarIII. Analagous. That is, monies. Every color has

all the various color a complement, another schemes belong to one of color which strengthens these three families. and accents it. Thus red

complements green, orange I. Dominant Harmonies: is the complementary of

1. Monochromatic, or blue, and vice versa. The

value harmony. complement of a color lies

2. One color harmony. directly opposite on the

3. Keyed harmony. color wheel and when used

II. Contrasting Harmonies: together they must be neu-

1. Complementary. tralized. /

2. Noncomplementary. 2. Noncomplementary

III. Analagous. or more Harmonies. Two closeColors which are are comnot colors which,the SPECTRUM SCALE ly related on green as and plementary

color chart. PRIMARIES violet in the case of two SECONDARIES

A little explanation COMPLEMENTARIES. colors; or green, violet and

with a few examples will orange if three colors are help make this diagram 2 used. This -Jast is often

clear. referred to as a triad or

threecolor scheme, as can GRAY be seen in Diagram No. 1.

I. Dominant Let us visualize a

Harmonies room done in the first type of contrasting harmonies "DY dominant harmony J/4 INTENSITY known as complementary.

is meant a color Blue and orange, complescheme wherein one color mentary colors, at their is the keynote of the dec- 1/2 INTENSITY full intensity would be oration. It,,may be se- 3/4 INTENSITY impossible |for a decorative

gray the use but scheme; if we throughcured FULL INTENSITY of r some either of one one by adding more valuestwo or

color -as dark green, mediPROPORTION OF INTENSE AND GRAYED COLORS of the other and then add um green, and light green; IN DECORATIVE SCHEMES. white to give a higher valthis is spoken of as a ue, we could obtain either

monochromatic color har- a grayblue or light buff, mony. which would be used in

This color scheme is frelarge amounts. Supposequently used as in the use we select the buff as a

of a brown irug on the background for the walls, floor, wall paper of a lighter brown Color Chart we could use a good deal of blue conand at the windows may hang soft The colors, beginning with green, siderably grayed as window drapes.

curtains of ivory tinted silk, s These around to violet, express coolWe may now bring in a more intense values of brown are harmonious but ness-i the rest suggest warmth. blue, but in smaller amounts, as in

there is always danger of producing the blue figures brocaded upon the monotony. In fact just a few years upholstery. We now turn to the comago, this color scheme of browns ceiling and woodwork as a neutral plementary color, orange, and introwas in vogue, but being improperly background. Several values of orange duce a small'amount of it. Through

used, gave rise to the expression, "the with some gray and a little black the use of floorlamps, cushions or brown monotony of American could be repeated in the upholstery, pottery; another example of the use

homes."Since that time we have had pottery, floor lamps and other accesof a complementary harmony would

more artistic background of gray and sories. be found in the use of red and green.

taupe but here also is the same 'danger The third type of dominant harAgain it would be impossible to use as before, monotony through too mony known as keyed harmony is (Continued on page 372)

Jadi16S and 9 en 11emen

Adah R. Naylor

I turn my thoughts backward and attempt to Entering the school world I became one of many and recall impressions of my childhood, the one thing having my own way often proved difficult and unprofitable.AS that stands out most vividly in my memory is I was also to discover that eating all the sweets one wanted

the admonition, "Now, try to be a little lady"had a disastrous result, and so slowly and sadly I resumed givenchild—eager,me by myrestlessgentleandmother.selfwilled,I wasanda healthy,her constantactive the task of "trying to be a lady."

urgings were doubtless most necessary. Ladies and Gentlemen in the Making

I must have been about three years old when I was is a verytaken for the first time into the Z. C. M. I. It was nearing 'pHE process of making ladies and gentlemen

Christmas and at the entrance of the store was a showcase interesting one. We all come into the world helpless

that material, of bundles as it wereliterally filled dolls. with flaxenhaired face little Glueing humanity—raw my

is to individuals. and be shaped moulded into We haveto the case I refused finally to budge, until was my mothercompelled to move me by force. Whereupon I made within us certain urges which must be satisfied—emotions

manifest my protest by kicks and screams. "Is this any which must be disciplined and |appetites which must be

way for a little lady to act?"my mother wanted to know. controlled if we are to survive. This world into which

Never again could I be taken shopping with her unless I we are born, and of which, at the moment of birth, we learned to behave like a "little lady."But I didn't care are entirely ignorant, is a relentless one. If we do not

anything about being a lady. I wanted to look and look adapt ourselves to the social conditions by which we

and look at the dolls. are surrounded, society will eventually cast us out, and

Later I was to learn that "little ladies"did not eat with if we fail to control our appetites and do not obey the us. will eliminate of health natureunclean hands, even tired not did laws when and hungry—nor that as the child is born tell us Psychologists as soon they shriek at the their top voices, of never at any and

time did they go about unaccompanied by a handkerchief. he begins the building of certain habit systems and that it

this is through instructions I were Some confusing. never most must

of process inpass people, front of but always round. the long go way habit formavisitors present, I excited were was, matterWhen no how the tion that

Ior I to say, had until much must speak not how spoken shaping and to. If the visitors I felt strangers were timid, and and moulding o f that little back nice either.hung wasn't being a When the individual

Ifriend to play I not, liked came with her whether or me is accomplishoffer her biggest the apple, largestmust the piece or of ed. child Thecake, play choicest and let her toys. Occasionally with my forms soon I experienced the wild of to a party. joy being invited

When the day arrived I was washed up and made ready regular habits for the happy event, and then given a bowl of bread of eating and sleeping, and I ate leaving. beforeand milk which seemmother My learns

if feared ingly that eat I might I went unfed too often away many sweets or through hunger and excitement forget early that he attencan gain table parting instruction manners. to the Her wasmy by crying. effect that if tion a second helping I might have of ice cream

invited to do so, but under no circumstances was I to Other habits ask for it. of gain are

soon formed.

I these matters Pondering concluded over mind in my examFor if I strove that to be the I could a lady do seldom is things ple: a child

to that so at I decided age I wanted do, and most an early

I preferred the myself, that freedom being with went no forcedthing toagainstdo a matter how disgraceful my conduct might appear. his will, or is

Later I was to learn, through bitter experience, that refused a thing always doing the thing one wanted to do wasn't so good. Cont. on p. 353

An Archer Tells IFhy

By Carlton Culmsee

Was the Indian the best man in the world with a bow and arrow? What woods

make the best bows and arrows? How effective are

bows and arrows as weapons?

What state has taken the lead in archery? These and many

other questions are answered in this article about the president of the Utah State Archery Association.

ITH easy grace the archer drew a great brown bow until the arrowhead neared the handle.

"If I loosed this arrow,"he said, "it could cleave a horse from side to side. It could penetrate three

oneinch boards set an inch apart. It could pierce

an iron frying pan easily."

Those statements shook one of my longcherished delusions, that archery was a puerile and ladylike pastime. And this husky bowman spoiled several

more of my misconceptions that snowy day.

With growing respect for the old sylvan sport,

I surveyed the speaker. This was the man who, at

Saratoga, Utah, in the fall of 1929, surprised the country by breaking a national flight record of fifty years'standing. Others have since passed his mark

but he is credited with having begun an avalanche of recordsmashing that has widely revived interest in the game.

E is Dr. L. D. Pfouts, the archerdentist of Payson, Utah. We sat in his gay, sunny little cotpainted tage,—woodlandsurroundedphotographs,by tokens quiversof his ardorof brightlyfor the sport

arrows, a rack of gleaming long bows.

Dr. L. D. Pfouts, One of the bows was made by Art Young, the

Payson, Utah. archer who killed every kind of biggame animal in

348 The Improvement Era for March, 1932

North America. Then he sailed love of the sport was contagious. JNTERRUPTED by a knock at

to Africa and slew a lion with an But I still felt a doubt: Why the door, he admitted a lad of

arrow. archery? True, the pastime posfifteen or so carrying a rough

Dr. Pfoutz showed me some sessed a medieval glamor and colwooden staff. The doctor exhunting arrows with knifekeen or. But amined the stick critically.

points. "This is one I killed a "You want to leave enough of

deer with in Beaver Canyon... the sapwood on the back to give

"Mrs. 'Billy'Rounsevelle, the the bow sufficient springiness,"he

great archer, gave woman me came arrow,""She he related. this Vanguards, "Tenshion"! instructed.and the front"Makeround.the Taperback flatthe

here with Mr. Rounsevelle to visit The Improvement Era has prepared 'limbs'so the strain will be disCharley Pace and me. We took a surprise for the young men of the tributed evenly along the entire

It is Fraternity. Vanguard hunt."them on a rabbit to be used bow.

connection Churchtcide with the arrow had been prein Another "But you won't have a bow for 19321933. Vanguard Program for

sented to him by Dr. George A. Announcement is to be made at June a month yet!"he concluded warnCathey, present holder of the naConference. Until then it is to reingly as the youth departed.

tional flight, or distance, record of main a secret. Returning, Dr. Pfouts explained

some 466 yards. crisply, "Got some young bowyers

working out in my barn."

TV/TY host next placed in my I wanted to know more and he arc of I a short hands mounyears ago amplified: "Four

if guessing thoughts, Dr. As my ash. tain made in "This was bow working a of boys bunch found Pfouts a suddenly sprang up with It for Sioux. 'jungles'shows by a why little me in the shack a leaky thick in his hand. bow a couldn't shoot Indianan with to trying there. were They down

white archer at the latter's dis- "Look!"he commanded. With make a radio. It was a poor place

tances."Indeed, the Sioux weapon broad chest swelling, he drew the so I fitted up a workshop in my

appeared relatively crude and bow. "Archery is great for posbarn. That winter we made radios.

weak. So did an Indian arrow ture,"he declared. "This is probNext year we made skiis.with its rather clumsy head of ably a ninetypound bow—takes "Then they started making

flint and its bindings of sinew. about a ninetypound pull to draw bows. They are getting their gear

"But the Indian didn't have to it. Nobody can draw a real bow ready for the spring tournament.

shoot far or very accurately. He unless he throws his chest out and Like to see them at work?"he inhad plenty of game, as a rule, and his shoulders back. Also archery vited.

he could get up close, like a cat."develops the muscles of the back We went out through the snow

redskin experienced archer has a splendid workshop occupies one corner. Inbelief—thatThat shatteredthe Americananother pet beand shoulders wonderfully. Every to the red barn at the rear. The

had been supreme among bowmen. development of shoulder muscles."it five boys, from fifteen to sevenEvidently the

greenclad yeomen of Sherwood Forest, with their longbows of yew, would have made the Iroquois look like dubs.

JEventually the doctor came to the last bow on the rack. It

was a plain, simple bow but he handled it fondly. It was

his first bow.

"This is like an old horse turned out to pasture.

I never use it any more,"he grinned indulgently.

The man's

Mirror Lake. Mt.

Baldy in background.

The Improvement Era for March, 1932 349

teen years old, "Handicraft stood or sat a- that's the thing!

bout, all absorb- "We want to ed in some askeep the boys so pect of the bowbusy they won't yer's or netcher's have time to craft. think up mis-

O n e young chief. Now,

man was planthese boys of a ing bow out hey m i n e—t fibreback- of a or don't smoke

ed piece of lemswear or tell onwood. A n- smutty stories,

other, wielding for they have a a spokeshave, hobby that was struggling holds them.

with a knotty "They love stave of yew. A bowmaking bethird was fitting cause when they

his arrows with are done they blunt points rehave something sembling the ferrule of an alive.piece ofWhenfurni-a

umbrella top. table or ture—a doctor a The findesk—is held sheaf up a ished, it is inert;

of wood dowels perhaps thirty There Water Lilies grow. the fun is over. But a bow will

inches long and onethird of an serve them like a live thing."

inch thick. "Smell them,"he said. The Indians of this region used

They exuded a pleasant woodsy squawbush, service berry wood, pHEY are ready for a fascinatodor. "Port Oxford cedar—we and ash. ing sport that draws them

get them from the Cascade Mouninto the great outdoors. The big

tains in Oregon. These, some steel (\THER crafts besides woodbowman dwelt long and earnestly

points, turkey feathers and glue are working were occupying the on the fact that archery takes its all we need to make arrows."young yeomen. They were exdevotees out into the air and emfyrHAT'S the best bow wood?"perimenting with glues and ceploys them in;a bodybuilding ex- I inquired. ments in the application of the ercise. He himself—two hundred

'Yew,"he answered unhesitatleather handles and bands intendpounds of compact strength, erect ingly. "It has pinknots and ired to strengthen certain parts of and dynamic—showed what archregularities. A person must spend the bows. They were learning ery and a general outdoor life can

a month or six weeks of his spare how to polish and varnish scrudo for the body.

time to make a yew bow properly. pulously. The making of bowHe also emphasized the science

He must take off a little at a time, strings from a salmontwine reinvolved in properly firing an arshaving and filing carefully. But quired skill in weaving eyeslices, row. An archer does not blaze

the wood can't be beat for vitwisting and waxing the strands. away pointblank at the target. The

tality. Examples of able leatherwork doctor explained the "point of

"Osage is another excellent were observed. On the windowaim"method of aiming, which has

wood. And titles have been won sill was a "bracer"or armguard revolutionized targetshooting. Bewith lemonwood bows. One needed to protect the left wrist cause the course of an arrow must

doesn't have to be so careful with from the recoiling bowstring. It be curved, the archer sights at a

it point right located plane a measured distance a thong, laced with was neatly in front of the target. one make attractively there decorated.out.lemonwood—justA fellow can Then of and A

those in a week. Bamboo is also quiver of thick leather, covered is windage to estimate. All in all,

used. But nothing surpasses good with tooled designs and highly archery requires thought and steady

old yew. We get it from the Caspolished, hung on a hook. The practice, and it disciplines nerves

cades, too."boys had themselves made the and judgment.

"Could a person use any local stamps for the leatherwork out of Sometimes the young bowmen woods?"nails and bolts. of Payson pile into Dr. Pfouts'

"He'd be wasting his time!"After a few minutes of supercar and trailer, and speed out on

Dr. Pfouts said, thrusting out his vising the work, my host led the the flats for a rabbit hunt. Or they

resolute chin emphatically. "If a way back to the house. Although hike to the dentist's log cabin

boy's time is worth a cent an he has no boys of his own, he is a twelve miles up Payson Canyon.

hour, he'd better get dependable true boylover. Inside again, he Such hunting teaches woodcraft.

wood, so when he gets done he'll turned to me and spoke impresshave something worlh while. Ash ively, with enthusiasm kindling in yRCHERY, however, is not

or hickory may be used if a boy his keen brown eyes: primarily a means of destroywants to get to work, but both are ing game but a sport. When the

unsatisfactory."(Continued on page 3 83)

(a) ights and hadowsJ v J on the Screen

history of the motion pic- "and whereas, of late it has become bitious one, but the thought that they a inject to of plays into habit producers is,sign like is a petition to such almost would industry one tureTHE of subjects widely a varying bedroom heartening. such the about glamorous an ungo in fantastic To

its scene, great equivalent, in or which requires system, develdertaking thought its meteoric and details of are far pains taken as as poscould to go is a or such but whether not has endowed move mystery and itsopment, sibly the 'broadallowed be most by it with fascination. From the little minded'censor; ever launched, every interested person

penny machines (through the twin "and whereas, too much of the prescould be putting forth an effort to glasses of which one peered after dropent run of humor is satire on the maraccomplish the end desired. It is

ping a copper into the slot to observe riage relationship, clever, but tending to highly possible that a petition of this incredibly jerky movements of strange the impression that morality just isn't nature would have little or no influthese smart days; the great ence proad- on machine which studios, the to enormousfigures)

is it whereas, that conviction "and our its pictures; duces is the but have it would salaries of todayvertising and is entertainment such to not conducive

effect in the exhibitors every upon line amusement. of thisstory of new clean clean living, thinking and and furMoney has been the watchword of ther, that it is not the best entertainlocality where the boxoffice is the

the movie magnates, with here and ment that versatility and cleverness of barometer. Each person who sees a

there a possible exception; and the America can offer; picture might begin right now to tell

love of money, root of all evil, has "and whereas, producers and theaterten or more friends and neighbors are accustomed to owners ignore it is is it comespecially that its that or good, yielded its and branchesproduced plaints the with excuse are that they seeing. not worth of mouth Wordfruit.

it merely the giving public wants; what fast, travels patronizing news and by letter a young following the In "therefore, the we, undersigned memfine the pictures, only every citizen apparthinking a good has whoman bers of the Mutual Improvement Assoin a the could soon community show say and out to,come courageatus ciation the of and of Church Christ Jesus# exhibitor the tastes the people of what opinion the expresses of thinks, Saints, Latterday representing"a very hewhat

of thousands of other young people. large proportion,of the youth of this demand; and their demand would not

Read what he has to say, and see if intermountain region, do hereby voice be ignored.

protest our against the select of continuance to try certain pictures To yourself murmuring, find don'tyou such performances, implore to and you see to to for others keep hope and exactly."idea,"That's my give us the of more untainted, wholeis undesirable films I. from them away A.: the of M. Executives theTo occasionally some type to the shown, if your little impossible of I of value one and even took night other The perpetuation of which pledge hereby we a theater, where local it is a to practicable. Girls Life were goingGleaner on support."our depicted. is being storywelladvertised is little a in there that such chance way Man.—An M scene, usual bedroom the had movieThis shielding folks of unyoung from idea of getting the signatures The indecent. particularly it was tobut me contacts. only thing wholesome The of I. 100,000 of members the A., M. of the shows thinking to startedIt me is to help be which might done them as suggested is by Man,"an years, and am- "M the past twoI over seen have

to clearly for themselves, think more not did which recall very few I could contain something risque. to analyze more searchingly, and to

Perhaps I am merely oldfashioned, but choose from out of a mass of what is it doesn't seem to me to be at all hargood, bad and indifferent, the best.

monious with the teaching of high ideals. In reviewing ten or twelve pictures,

One day a week, or sometimes two, we all favorably advertised and heralded are told that chastity is very desirable; with the volley of superadjectives of

the rest of the week we are shown that which movie publicity seems to have unfashionable. strictly is it

there I are others who feel no end, only two, in our opinion, believe the same as I about it. I believe it is could be called good. Some had much

a more or less subconscious conviction to commend; some had little; all had

of the majority of our young people. something to deplore. Since pictures

If it is, why can't we do something about are like this, the only hope to be held it? "Walking out"has lost its signifiout is that those who see them shall

cance since continuous performances came learn to discriminate, just as they do

I. A. the couldn't M. being. Butinto literature, the in philosophy music and

course, of a asspeak the plot the day. of a of Boil play group—providing, correct? are conclusions above thethat into If the a sentence or two. down that someone instance for Suppose,

is in analysis of contained what to final similar a petition to up drawwere the following and obtain the signatures it is helpful, call the picture good. If

of all M. I. A. members: not, don't. Harm will come from

"Whereas, the fact is well known that the movies only when everything picthe moving picture has taken a place tured is accepted at face value, and alongside of the newspaper and church as the ideas and ideals of the producer.a molder of public opinion, viewpoint, taken too seriously.

.and thought; in actors of the Certain Hollywood the past few during whereas, "and artists; press as great proclaimed Broken Lullabr"are an everincreasing there has beenyears

-number of sex pictures, so that we now notices assure the public that because!fe.el sufficiently warned of the pitfalls of Ruth Chatterton, Arliss, Dietrich,

"incontinence; Garbo, the Bennett girls, Norma

The Improvement Era for April, 1932 351

Shearer and others, innumerable, are porting cast of Barrymore. Several boy is ready to give up his career, find

to appear in various pictures, these charming and unsual directorial work of any sort and take the girl for are bound to be excellent. The lavish touches make the film one worth see- a wife. This she will not let him

praise bestowed upon every picture ing; and, seen, worth remembering. do, and suggests that the benefit of

released should become more of a joke clergy might be postponed without than it is, for to believe we will see The Man Who Played God the sacrifice of happiness. The young

the world's greatest masterpiece one (Warner Bros.) doctor, amazed at having been misthenweek, the that be informed and in leaves, taken her, not but without

this picture, the In tragedy a ofsupergreatest will appear next telling week her, her he in of thinks what is his losing musician porhearing the supersuper-greatest theand week uncertain terms. a no long make To in a interpretation trayed remarkable isafter that credulity. beyond human story so not long, the opportunity

is Arliss. George by overwhelmed One itself presents girl soon for the pictures to Several have have appeared of

realization the that can by cowards clothes, late, trip a money, to each Europe one acclaimed being and with easily, die the that courageous only but all the faced seehyperbole. in to with Dropping them, trimmings—but, live, can find happiness under and facts, she realizes find? that love only "Private Lives,"what do and we circumstances. adverse decency count. attack diabolically clever,sparkling, of appendigorgeous- An

Arliss, a in the part of mature mucitis brings the again, ly together light, staged two costumed, and makes sician, finds in himself love with, and but, unfortunately, the uproariously opthrough funny many end—an a student. beautiful loved by young eration in allscenes, rather detail unconvincing of pertaining marriage and

a the as his career height of At muit. the in to story. the unity of from through, Bad, through and -—detracts loses sician his sense hearing; he of and

it is advertised favorably stretch blackness despair only andeffect—yet stars severaleverywhere, in and awarded Strangers Love

realizes for until that he ahead him as a best performance. Last (Paramount) "The

lips in people, the of read he can and patheticallyFlight,"the dedicated to grant the their of wishes God, manner is the This a comedydrama deof shattered nerves inboys were whose their action needs. supply and lightful The young has an unman who flickers the great endthrough War,

first of slow, at the play appear may scrupulous twin. the death of Uponless sensescenes drinking, of smoking,

it later serves to only emphasize but twin, the the brother to decides imless chatter, aimless nonsense unand carefully laid in the so the points personate in to order him, discover fates.necessarily tragic clever The

a there play, beginning. preachy Not the facts disposition the concerning of affairdialogue the entire punctuating

is lovethread of woventhroughout a the family property. Endless compliis theblurs picture that the truth

its is in religion liness to akin which cations ensue, interesting situawith seeing.hardly worth

is find live uplift. to others for tions, lively dialogue, To a pleasing rothe colBeginning next month, Era disaster; face in happiness of Arand mance, entertainment. and wholesome

will of not mention "Movies"umn is it liss the real. one of This makes Cigarettes the entire punctuating perpictures themerely apcan be which missed. not plays should be which its to not formance charm, do add and Others, endorsed.proved and new

a realize thoughtful observer make as in acclaimed the bestand cinema that Impatient directors as use bits Maiden anew The smokinghistory, idea will the discussed be with (Universal) are business a of at they whenever disreaders helping to analyzeof and loss significant. for something

see;sect the pictures is to they pick out a will picture hold This which

is role, a in Frederic March, dual is reject in what all and good the interest them ages.what of Ayres and Lew convincing. millionaire the most As

is can't vicious harmful. and best, as the their are at Clark We Mae

is dishonest brother presents he whoclose eyes to things confrontthe our girl interne very medical young and as personality; other, the one "Budtrifle let us, aing eyes so us our open finanin love, because of who, much

is different. lovable dy,"he and Kaywider, see that into deeper we cial possisee limitations, may the cannot

is as delightful Francis secretary thethe conditions, heart of underand bility at the time. of marriage The the suspecting of who, motives Arthur are intelligently pronestand what we

lays a to trap Drake, expose him, andto casually. view

finds herself in love with the man she supposes to be Arthur before the exReviews of Current Films posure is brought about. The picture is entertaining and lively.

Broken Lullaby (Paramount) Polly of the Circus (M. G. M.) npHIS is a picture different, compel- A little story of the big tent, with ling, forceful. The plot is not excellent dialogue and splendid direcits chief point of interest, being the tion. Clark Gable assumes new digstory of a boy who goes to seek out the nity in his ministerial garb, while

parents of one he had killed in battle Marion Davies is charming as Polly, and take the consequences of their the little trapeze performer who is hate. The characterizations are so taken, injured, to the home of the

strong and convincing that the plot minister. The development of a rois strengthened by the light of their mance between these two, of different

brilliance, and the picture takes its worlds, threatens him with the loss place among the important ones of of his position, and Polly proves herthe year. self and her sincerity by her willingLionel Barrymore is great in his ness to give him up. It makes one

denunciation of the intolerance of his feel that circus folk and clergymen fellowcountrymen toward their poboth are human and fine. The Federlitical enemies. Phillips Holmes as ation of Women's Clubs, in a preview

the partly unbalanced boy and Nancy note, says, "One is left wondering

Carroll as the German sweetheart of why it was felt necessary to insert a the boy who was killed are suiprisingjazz element into a story as old and:

ly good, but they all become the sup- 'The Man Who Played God"beautiful as 'Polly of the Circus.'

lancing through Brief Summary of Magazine Articles*

By ELSIE TALMAGE BRANDLEY

High Class and The Best tasteto thewhatcommonglory fellowreally awas.chanceWithto

People the coming of postwar prosperity, we buildings, overdid our our cities, our (Harper's and Scribner's for March, churches. the architectural flight, With

1932) we took other flights into gorgeouscurrent of the two magazines line. Eating is one have must We this articles appear which month ninecourse dinner will banquets—a inINdeal ness. the somewhat same way help crisis. us meet will any pay We the subject. with same somewhat the extraordinary most prices for food

inCharles Ferguson, appearing W. it if a is served in gilded room. We certainlyHarper's with Class""High are intoxicated Class. with our ownagrees ScribWilson, in with Edmund is Another do, thing gape. we Wener's, concerning People."Best "The a into palace, go movie are where we

Since each a brings point or out two received in state has (no one any the are missed, other haswhich we conception the dignity; of labor of unglancing through the two -together. til he has seen a Publix usher), and

Mr. Wilson introduces, as typical have brilliance, polish, the glare in

of Best the People, Cartright, Mr. everything about of which us—none a textile for mill.agent is decent, He is sincere. the For have weamiable, wellpressed dislends and taken possession of we splendor—andmomenttinction to society. countryclub His in it. glory standard archiof Our

satisfactions are bounded largely by tecture seems to be something which tangiblethe things can which money will well look a to post send on card is feels his wifebuy; that Al Smith to (Hotels, someone. churches, the- a create to poses promarket by new feelvery important. common. Both aters, have too display. in far gone sheets to colored ducing towels and is yet Cartright not important; And is It all too that the timid color the of harmonize people's with glossy—so ahe occupies position business under soul is enters realize will that who he to acquaint prospective rooms; and officers;several superior cannot he the in presence Class. of High And their desire for intense buyers withoriginate principles execute nor new does. he things, these signs are prehypnotic ones.old his gives sense What him is there aristo nothing That more all in placed to pared be any and superiority?of Ancestry, perhaps. cratic a than democrat opporan with likely since spots. in others And is affiliIf a.Southerner, he his family is offices tunity the proven by and other businesses are the doing sameation the with Civil counts War buildings of business. American things, Cartright beMrs. and Mr. if is ismightily; a he |from Boston or lobbies, Vaulted engraved hardware, like buyers, are other soon come and his ancestral Yorker, will prideNew plush, polished bronze and hammered spell advertising. the of under The inbe manifested the ways, other none the give mahogany impression of Jthis results the stereotyping of bfless if a pointed; MiddleWesterner, Class; plants turn manufacturing out the country, of people Wilson Mr.the his Pioneer in veins will blood to gadgets the of accompaniment muin points terms. uncertain out nollow proudly. rate any he manAt sic all the played day. gives This sugbegins the Mr. Ferguson byages live to a in world no which Class. so orclubs do our and And gestion that presentday American exists, forlonger plantation owners, ders, the the which answer of demand architecture conand manners wouldpioneers the the and of York New masses to to; to be looked be up vince recently that anyone have we areold since days gone. In America, also, exclusive. helps, Advertising by a the throes glorified in been of upia lifethe has War, become stampede

,'a five person making spends who rising expreposterous ofto sell and admake serfs—the dollars luxuriously advertised things—hence on comperience uncultured of people coming asvertising; exists advertising and feel modities, superior. into /elegant possession of things and is it a a of great wastenow, many

Just America, of with to use enjoy not some or now knowing how artists,things. poets, preachCorps of

the Class paraphernalia nethrift High severity of the them. and Fromers, flatterers blackmailers and comcessity left Isout, life jike looks the great pioneer of of Coney our mass selling inpete to products people who

late in cold, land people into have with splendor come not think normally ofwould wanting October—pathetic, dull. all the depression did the peasants not But of mark abandon becoming is things.these result that the And

the stupidity, aristocrats of greed the end a this and of bad to have acceptAmericans land—and an come

still are living high explains manners; as soover-stuffed highly we ourideal glotry 'and personal of merit

them. dislike and for condemn our weakness in which style and And in clothes, electrical applibasedthings—cars,solely on the possession of ciety. The Era of the Golden Egg, as we can under the circumstances, addition to the led wrath and displeasure reproducing us to the has foods.ances and breakfast Carttaste Mr.

the of those in a vulgar oldworld form was of new grandeur whomright's finding company, the market please, to everincreas- is the Barintended followed P. way, the era of T. glutted,for sheets and towels pranum, who gathered together all the ing tragedy of decreased patronage.

ised by permission. cheap luxuries he could find and gave The> cinema has made new friends, but

The Improvement Era for April, 1932 353

Apparently the era of prosperity inand convinced producers that the goldThe transition period has been tensified our native lust for pomp. en goose had been recaptured. Later healthful, and some pictures are being

Perhaps >our sense of insufficiency was these -same producers were forced to produced which compare favorably compensated by the presence of luxury the realization that in introducing with offerings of the legitimate stage.

(purchases on easy payments). Perspeech, they were deserting the old When one considers the fact that

haps it was, in addition, our unsatisform, and were confronted with perdrama and literature have evolved fied and unconscious desire for beauty; plexities of a new one. Photography through hundreds of years and the

and an unbridled aesthetic impulse is was improved; sound was perfected, cinema through only thirty, it is evibetter than none at all. writers were paid, enormous sums to dent that those thirty years have been

Out of this strange uprising of the go to Hollywood and write scenarios; made to count.

masses may yet come a disciplined raids on Broadway were conducted However, in the face of all the society. In the dazzling and impreswhich took to Hollywood the best improvements, the situation in motion

sive spectacle of America lies the makfigures in dramatic circles. Some of pictures is abysmal. Those for whom

ings of a civilization. It needs only these made good, while others have the talkies were invented continue to

some sort of fivehundred-year plan gone back to their old haunts. (Continued on page 354)

to see how the new regime is going to work.

Frankenstein in Hollywood Ladies and Gentlemen Continuedpage from346

By DALTON TRUMBO he desires., Sensing his helplessness gentleman is a process of habitfor-

(The Forum for March, 1932) in the hands of "grownups"he gives mation?

way to his fury in kicks and screams.

attracts a great this means he If by is American of today cinema 'I rHE The Earmarks of a Lady or attention, he of deal gets what creature torn a forlorn between repeats a act until the he wants that's has a look dainty LADY "tan- A its tothe critics wish appease and habit"is formed. many trum How that's and look clean. necessitythe to the and make, money; neat—a carried of adults have us know who iiot She does shoes wear runwithresult critics is that are increasingly

disapproving and profits are constantly over this childish habit? Blocked in down heels, gloves that are soiled,

shrinking. One explanation of the their desires, they wave their arms, or carry her handkerchief wadded into

first condition is that the industry has stamp their feet, shout and slam doors. a hard ball.

substituted servility to all.attacks for Another child, unable to get the Her hair, which is a woman's glory,

the dignified humility which should thing he wants, complains, whines and is wellbrushed and.carefully arranged.

distinguish the acts of a new and strugfusses, and if by this means his wishes Her "makeup"(if any) is put gratified, are he artisticgling form. carefully repeats until the whinon and with discretion-—and ing formed. habit is are There no organized, genuine in public. never

dependableand cinema fear to child learned has The who critics—there does not talk or She boisterlaugh

sinaare are few informed efforts in and his to parents, his who often street ously the in on other public and cere, is public limited; but whose and a truth develops punishment, evade is places quiet she reserved. and

there arethen souls indomitable such habit. evasion us of many know How

is in She her modestas Louella her Parsons pseudoand at look bear to adults cannot manner—never who

pert. bold orcritical institutions. Neither group childlike in a squarely things so and

does the business any good. Those manner continue the truth evasion She is always thoughtful and conwho are really interested in the movies habit? siderate of older people and kind and

turn to the vigorous and entertaining If a child can be taught to accept attentive to children.

is to be illbred.writers who wield tremendous influthe judgment, in part at least, of his To be careless

ence, but who are, to a man, conparents,—-if he can be persuaded to

picture.temptuous of the motion face to situation every look The Earmarks of a squarely—criticism their approach as theyThey values, instead for facts estimate and

would dramatic and literary criticism, of whining, or lying, or throwing Gentleman is a thatnever the admitting cinema tantrums, helped greatly he will be a respectful hasdistinct GENTLEMAN treated as in A should be art and building the of the important most all attitude toward womankind.such. to create have managed They habitsystems.

courteous. is always Hein the attiscornful a American mind

tude toward.motion pictures, for they The individual who has a good He surrenders his seat to to an aged

habitsystem is truthful, loyal years, of or mature concerned themselveshave woman more with moral man—a and dependable. has a child with herthe foibles of actors who to a woman producers and

than with the merit of the finished The individual with a good emoor is burdened with packages.

product. The fact that five thousand tional habitsystem has his emotions He is never rough or boisterous.

persons brave traffic and suffocation under control. He does not whine, or He does not talk too loud, or laugh

to -see the stars entering a Hollywood fume, is not mean or irritable when and joke in a way that includes others premiere proves, apparently, that the things go wrong. than his immediate associates.

movies are of, by and for imbeciles. The individual with a good play He gives thought and care to hisBut a man can pay $50 to see a habitsystem is a cheerful loser—is personal habits.

Ziegfeld performance and nothing is generous to his opponents-—is willing He does not clean or file his nails

said. to give and take. in public, and he uses a tooth pick

Partly because of this constant beThe individual with good bodily as he does his tooth brush, in private.

leaguering by the intelligentsia, Holhabits is careful of his appearance He keeps his linen immaculate lywood set about to'reform, and what is always clean, neat and tidy. his clothing well brushed and his shoes

was a unique, pantomimic form of The individual who has formed shined.

dramatic entertainment has 'become good habitsystems, is a person well He avoids doing anything that gives something else. The Talkies have disciplined both in mind and body. unnecessary discomfort to others.

entered. At first the mere novelty May we not conclude, then, that Gentleness does not denote weakbrought millions to the boxoffice, the process of making a lady or a ness.

CHURCH MUSIC COMMITTEE

Duties of the Music Officers of the Church

By EDWARD P. KIMBALL

'"'PHIS committee is constantly in with conductor and organist in every any event the music affairs of the orreceipt of requests for the definiward of their stake, and they should ganization belong to the director, and tion of the duties and relationship of have the support of the stake authorithe manager should conduct only such the chairman of music committees and ties and the bishoprics in fulfilling this business affairs and other matters conchoristers and organists, and the presipart of their assignment, everything cerning the choir's life as he may be dent of ward choirs and choristers. of course being done according to the asked to do by the choir leader, and

This definition has been made by the harmonized order of Church procedthen should consummate this business

Church Music Committee at different ure. This is so selfevident that it in such a way as will complement

times in the past, but owing to the needs only to be mentioned. Within both in effectiveness and good will

frequent change in the personnel of the ward there should be a music the work of the conductor. Otherchoristers and organists it is probable committee consisting of the ward chorwise excellent choirs have been torn

that a restatement of it will be welister and organist and the chorister to pieces through the usurpation by come. and organist of each of the auxiliary an overzealous president or manager

As originally organized the Stake organizations, under the chairmanship of duties and matters of policy and

Music Committee should consist of of a member of the bishopric. The procedure that are really the business

the stake chorister and organist and purpose of this committee is to avoid of the music director. On the other

the stake chorister and organist of each conflicts and to provide counsel and hand there are many excellent organof the auxiliary organizations, toassistance in the consummation of the izations within choirs that are carrygether with such additional members music program of the various agencies. ing forward the effectiveness of the

as the stake presidency may consider The ward chorister and organist are choir in a most excellent way because helpful, this committee to be presided responsible, under the direction of the of harmony between director and over by a member of the stake presibishopric, for the music of the Sacramanager and a proper conception of dency who is to be chairman of the ment meeting, Fast meeting, or other the duties of each, particularly on

Stake Music Committee. The purmeetings for which the bishopric is the part of the director. Who should

pose of such a committee is to be a directly responsible. They, of course, sing in the choir, what the choir shall

clearing house or round table for all are not to have supervision of the sing, how it shall sing, are the busimusic activities within the stake. It music in the auxiliaries except as all ness of the director. Campaigns for

was never intended that this committee members are interested that it be conmembership, social functions, means should dictate to the auxiliaries beducted in harmony with the instrucof raising funds for acquiring new cause their policy, for the most part tions of the General Boards. Some music can be worked out by the busiis fixed by the General Boards, but choirs have found it advantageous to ness manager, but should be underrather to remove duplication and proappoint or elect, and in some cases taken only with the full consent of

vide assistance to any group in furtherthis appointment is made by the the director.

a direct its business president bishop, or ing program. music manThe If chairCommittees, both Music

It is ager. in supervision be proper the music only of would andcharge leaders choir members, and and man to the advanceconducive of and meetings general Churchthe harmony will presidents choir managers and and

if interests chorister choir's of the the stake. stakein that ment The

little a discithe give to choir thought elected so are responsible or person organist appointed unstakeand there is pline progress should be no and the for the will presidency proconsent stake withder named the good and vision of music for stake conference of the choir leader. It is not difficult occasion for any misunderstanding.

either by organizing a stake choir, to see how an ambitious manager and Let all go forward with the interest or by making assignment to individual conductor could play havoc with unity of the Saints at heart, each fulfilling or groups of ward choirs. Further, and fellowship within the organizahis duties and letting his heart to all

it is their responsibility to see that tion, if they did not understand each others in the fulfilling of theirs in a there is a regularly organized choir other and work in perfect accord. In spirit of kindly helpfulness.

>- -+\ZS?$jiX)K*- -<*

Glancing ThroughContinuedpage from353 dislike and condemn them. The cinethe terrifying extravagance which has the cinema became talkative, it lost

ma has made new friends but lost the made Hollywood notorious is to blame a great deal of its emotional appeal.

old. One company is forced to borrow for some; the loss of much foreign In its very haste to appeal to the

twentythree million dollars to finish its business must assume its share of intelligentsia, the cinema has turned production schedule, another eleven blame. But the heart of the situation out some genuinely idiotic affairs.

million dollars, while a third drains the lies deeper than any of these causes Many.former friends have been alienprivate fortune of its founders. Film and in a different direction. ated; few new ones made. As it

stocks are selling for onetwentieth The fact is that Hollywood is faced stands today the movies are spoiled for of their peak value, and the end is with the question of distribution. The the masses and not good enough for

not yet. The.general depression acold principle of immense theaters and the intellectuals. Caviar and roast

counts for some of this decline, but mass audiences must be done away beef have been mixed -with the idea not for all of it, by any means. The with, and there is so much money inthat it will appeal to all who like

immense expense of change from the vested according to the old plan that either one; and the result is that it

silent form accounts for some of it; it presents a staggering problem. When is disliked by both!

IPIRII Alt MelchizedekESTHOODPriesthood material is prepared under theQUORUMSdirection of the Council of the Twelve;

"""V and all Aaronic Priesthood material is prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric. y*>0

Strength in Activity By ELDER DAVID O. McKAY

Chairman of the Committee on Courses of Study and Activities of Quorums of Priesthood

at This is the official meeting 'inspiration the which Prophing, either before Sunday School orTHROUGH consideration duties of the of after said that careful the dismissal of Smith once et Joseph It class work.

the strength of Zion is "the authority quorum members should be considered, may be Tuesday night in connection of the Priesthood,"and that Zion reports of service rendered received, with the Mutual Improvement Associwill be again established by those who appointment to new duties made, sigation. However, until more definite

shall hold the power of priesthood."nificance of priesthood explained, new instructions are given and the avenues

Authority carries in itself the right avenues of service opened, committees of activity are more thoroughly clearto direct, to command, to enforce; appointed, and anything pertaining to ed, it is hazardous to combine this

the welfare of the and to quorum the meeting with that of the Gospel Docthat potential; merely be but it may

spiritual uplift preof trine class. the members great inherently is, it possess may

static, and sented. still remainpossibilities, but

the possibilities remain unrealized. A The time and place of meeting The Gospel Doctrine Class.

reservoir of water held in check by a should be the most convenient for

Gospel The Doctrine Class which a pothe constitutes mighty the of majority concrete members. dam meets Sunday morning during the its benefits are not force, but tential

is official roll There an prebook Sunday session School furnishes an beelement the felt until impounded this for pared in meeting the which excellent opportunity for activity on to or industry of wheels turn to gins name, personal data acweekly and the part of the priesthood, particularly fields thirsty life and to carry new tivity everiy of should in member be missionary this work. At hour the of force potentialorchards. The recorded. Priests, High 'Seventies Elders and and in acis only manifest best reservoir

their wives meet jointly in may one the it is priesthood, the in tion. So

class, or preferably, the when numerpotentially be of which mayauthority ical membership will Weekly The Activity justify, Meeting. the is seen of the which great, power but groups separately; is, meet may that activity. effectively in felt mostand is Activity Weekly The Meeting the Priests High their and associates,

if conin true is that particularly is we every which This given member the Seventies their and associates, and collectively. something to do. What priesthood sider activity Quorum the Elders their associates and may hold aggregate the involves in personal of conduct, suran men army home meet independently of one another.

priesthood! There the roundings, of authority the relationship Church and In either case a secretary group should

Priests, 'divided duties, into civic responsibilities,are High 18,034 quorum be appointed the record and atof groups; etc. obligations, into 1,000 In and or quorums 104 one of more tendance of the priesthood made. This into these divided 190 relationships Seventies each 10,745 should member group record the of is inPriesthood

Elders commanifest every 44,351 intelligent, and an weekquorums; dependent of the Sunday School record groups, active interest. and 1000 quorumsposing 564 of attendance, which, course, of inthe Like men! a over 73,000 of host cludes sisters the Priests in For other and cases High and members many Priestthis of lake, bodyimpounded the class of for including Seventies the is this Elders, and priesthood. a

its force; is power but a mightyhood a group, not meeting. quorum Some force this felt is only when for good a sufficient wards have of number Choosing the Class Instructor. canals, rivers, and 'the throughflows Seventies of to Elders and an form

activity. Presidents of ofstreams human quorums or group independent of Seventies quorum and leaders should invited be into conof Elders respectively in each ward. sultation with the bishopric >and Sunfor Quorum AvenuesAuthorized cases In such course of presiquorum

l day School superintendency the whenActivity. dencies preside. is a quorum When class is instructor chosen..of made up members or from two official meetings three are There

with which every quorum member more wards a group leader should should be affiliated. These are: be appointed by the respective quorum New Class for Missionaries.

1. The Monthly Quorum Meeting presidencies. A few Seventies and their wives

2. The Weekly Activity Meeting. This is perhaps the most difficult in each ward will be chosen from the

3. The Gospel Doctrine Class. connectedand yet thewithmostquorumimportantactivity.meetingTwo GospelMissionaryDoctrineclass classrecentlyto joinorganized.the new

conditions contribute to this difficulty: This is another avenue of activity

The Monthly Quorum Meeting. First, the inconvenient time of meetspecially designed for the Seventies

It is not only recommended but ing; second, the failure of officers to quorum.

required that all quorums of the Melsee clearly in what activities group For other activities in the Church chizedek Priesthood meet in a quorum members should participate. The and other avenues, see "In the Realm

-rapacity at least once every month. time of meeting may be Sunday mornof Quorum Activity—Second Series."

356 The Improvement Era for April, 1932

The Aaronic Priesthood Correlation Plan in Operation

A Talk Given by Bishop David A. Smith of the Presiding Bishopric

at B. Y. U. Leadership Week Demonstration, January 27, 1932

COME have expressed the thought which should be similar to and have hesitated for a few seconds and then that the correlation plan for inthe same thought or action as the invited them in. There with this

creasing interest in church work adds one assigned. The boy becomes inman and his wife they suggested a

another burden to the 'bishops. From terested in his story, for, having come song. He told them they might sing.

first appearance it would seem that an firsthand, it becomes a reality and They had come prepared. They had

added load was being placed upon leaves a more lasting impression. Two their song books with them. After

them. Those who will study the cormonths later this brother returned the song, they suggested prayer. The

relation plan carefully will find that with the statement that he had anman stated he had never prayed in his it takes a load from the bishop, other complaint. Said he, "I canlife. "We will do the praying if you

for his main responsibility becomes not now find time to hear from each will kneel with us,"was the answer.

that of general overseer, and he is of the boys."All kneeling, a boy not yet nineteen

relieved of detail work. In meeting We cannot expect these boys to years of age prayed for this man and

with the committee at least once a come week after week and listen to his wife. They talked to him about

month, he becomes familiar with their someone read a story or someone tell the work they were trying to do and plans and the results of their labors. his missionary experiences. We must how interested they were in their quoHe is then in a better position to orarrange our work to give them some rum. After a while they bade him

ganize his forces and correlate their outside activity. The correlation plan goodnight. As they left, he invited

work to avoid interference. He may provides for this. Priesthood activity, them to come again. They called the

observe the work by visiting their deSunday School, and Scout work go next month. He was not smoking

partments occasionally. He may find hand in hand, and all must cooperate. and did not have a liquor breath.

that some need encouragement, that The priesthood work of the TeachAgain they sang, prayed, and talked some could accomplish more if in ers is somewhat similar to that of the to him. In a few months'time he

etc. given his tobacco, hadanother department, overcome up A wise all will bishDeacons. read the hope We

liquor, for craving attendthis plan. follow endeavor to and wasop will!find incidents or his stories and some

Much of the failure with our class conditions which will become a fixed ing meetings. Often attendance is our

work comes from the fact that some influence in each life. Then, too, objective. Records are useless unless

teachers think they can select a subject boys of this age should be doing some they are used for a carefullyplanned to get per a certain purpose. Justbetter occasion the suited for than outside teachwork. We recommend

rule as a does not permanent meanthat outlined. time not take do Some cancent such a boy may think ing. We

to prepare their lessons. They therenot do much by way of teaching. growth. Our objective should be to

spirituality. faith develop and Menfore experiences resort to missionary least learn at teach. to can He how

their attend will then meetings and subject foreign to theor other matters a case elderreported had where an We their love labors because theyintended, the plan immediately big and ly brother and were perform a young man is disorganized and failure and a lack assigned to work together. At the to do so.

of interest result. God has carefully first home the elder instructed the boy Unless we have the spirit of the

planned His work. Why should we to take charge. "What shall I say?"work and approach it as God intended

not follow the example? he replied, for they had no fixed plan. we should, we shall fail. With this

Our Deacons'work as outlined is Such action is not fair. The boy correlation plan we hope to organize

a series of stories. Each story has may become discouraged. Give him the work we are required to do. It

a particular point which can readily something definite. Assign him a pascan be done in less time and with

be observed through reading. It is sage of scripture to use as a subject lasting results. We must save ourimpossible, of course, for a teacher to to take up in the homes, and he will young men—and when I say young

take one such story and keep a class use it to a good end. men, I mean also young women. We

correlation feel that in this plan the period. for a fullinterested Because reported was One ward who a man

I longer divided. is no are not reading the a priest, in responsibilitymany instructors part taken but had never

in the say only cannot I am interested class,instructions, read they go to the correlation work. the church When

inPriesthood; be I cannot Aaronic it difficult find assigned,story then operation put into plan was and the

profitably to fill in the time. One priests were assigned to do missionary terested in the Aaronic Priesthood

alone, to the Sabreach out but mustsupervisor Priesthood of Aaronic came their demembers, work among own

A. and bath School M. I. Officeto the Bishop's with one of siring the priest for to labor each with

these lesson books and asked what purpose of making better attendance Not long ago I attended a conferhe could teach "with a thing like records, they called on this man who ence, and just before the opening song that."He said he took the book was looked upon as a drunken "good- a brother announced that a young

home and laid it on the table. His fornothing."These priests had a leader man who had been appointed to give

boy came in, picked it up, and read who taught them this doctrine. They a speech on an assigned subject, repreevery word in it. He wondered what had the spirit of their work. Others senting one of the Aaronic Priesthood

he could teach him in the quorum had gone to this home without results quorums, telephoned that his home meetings. and bad reported that this man did had been quarantined and he could

He was asked if he had read the not wish them to come again. They not come. They decided to pass this

introduction and instructions. He had knocked at the door. This supposedpart of the program, and I asked why.

not. We read them together. They ly "goodfor-nothing"man with a The reason given was that it would

stated that the stories suggested should pipe in his mouth and a liquor breath be embarrassing and unfair to ask be assigned to all boys with the incame to the door. One of the young another at such a late hour. I felt

structions to go home and read that men addressed him saying, "Brother that this lack of confidence might story, then go to their parents and, we are priests representjustly apply to an older person, but endeavor to find a similar incident in ing the Priests'Quorum. In going not to a deacon or teacher. It was

the life of their father, mother, or over our records we find that you are decided to select one from the room.

near kinsman, then come back next a priest. May we come in and talk The presiding officer walked down

week prepared to tell their story, with you about our work?"He into the audience and selected the first

The Improvement Era for April, 1932 357

boy he met. The little fellow, albeen able to enlist 100% of the Aaronic Priesthood and its restoration

though somewhat frightened, came to young men of Deacon, Teacher and and to encourage similar study on the the stand. When asked to give the Priest age in one or more Church part of members of their quorums.

talk, his answer was, "I'll try."When activity it is extremely unusual to With the increasing importance of

his turn came, he said: "I am expected find all young men jof Aaronic PriestPriesthood in the lives of young men

to tell you what I have enjoyed most hood age brought into activity. M of the Church and the renewed acin my priesthood work. I can't tell Men, Vanguard and Scout programs tivity being developed in connection

you what I have enjoyed most, but are going forward enthusiastically and with the correlation plan, it is felt

I do know this: We learn most by Sunday School attendance is reported desirable to have all that are connected

doing. We don't know we are learnto be well above the average. Driggs with quorums of this Priesthood fully

ing, but when we want it, it is there."ward and Teton stake deserve hearty informed as to the importance of the

Think that over, my brethren: (1) commendation for their accomplishvalue and significance of this import-

"I'll try."(2) "We learn most by ment. ant part of the work of the Church.

doing."(3) 'We don't know we are The Improvement Era for May will

learning, but when we want it, it is April Conference Aaronic contain a complete program, suggested there."The Lord bless us and help for observance of Aaronic Priesthood

us to remember that lesson I ask in Priesthood Convention Day.

the name of Jesus Christ, Amen. TN view of the increased activity

First Correlation Reports among the quorums of the Aaronic Presiding Bishopric InauguPriesthood and the operation of the rates (Campaign to Avert

Coming,In Aaronic Priesthood correlation plan,

Attendance Slump Summer is special preparation for being made first in stakes the reports from 'T,HE the Priesthood Aaronic to convention effort to avert the PriestCONCERTED Churchwide Aaronic A be held April conference. during

in the reAaronic slump summer Correlation being plan were hood will convention Friconvene The charoffice attendance has at Priesthood the the ceived which Presiding of 8, day, at April at P. the M., 4:00

is acterized years past inauguissue being this as goes the Bishopric of Era

Hall. detailed Assembly program A (Bishopric well rated the Presiding press. to by the stake goes Malad To will be the Presiding announced by in season. the first advance of filing this in the report of honor summer Bishopric.

the chart accompanying activity to shows bring into plan important The is convention primarily held The past the attendance in during in slump every the and boy young man for stake Priesthood and auward substantial a indicating summers, stakes two Alpine Uintah Church. and thorities including particularly ward year. in gain previous over the closely other stakes 1931 followed with not Aaronic supervisors. Priesthood In

is the Particularly noticeable improvereflect far reports the behind. These

affiliation close the of view the with as a the in past activity increased already ment made summer being in Priesthood the correlation of plan result the Presiding the request of of the correlation through brought about

I. the the Schools, and Sunday A. M. that during held Bishopric be meetings the accomplished. being plan good and

officers the class seminaries, leaders and entire the adjournment year the with report no complete most and The of of groups ages Priesthood Aaronic is the period. chart for reflecting greatest that progress summer The one

in associations these are also being the result as also first that of stake. a shows of Uintah month The invited.

of the operation of the plan resulted improvement during the months of in 126 visits to inactive members with June, July and August the fall season results reported in 32 cases. In one Aaronic Priesthood Restoraopened with a better attendance and

until is remaintained inactive was every better mark young ward man tion Anniversary 15 a May the were two years as in December when one ported being engaged now 'I third annione hundred and equal. VHE organizations. of or the Church more

Other wards have made commendable versary of the restoration of the It is felt that still better success will progress. Stakes not having reported Aaronic Priesthood which occurred follow the efforts during the coming

are urged to get the work under way May 15, 1829, is to be observed by summer as many of the stakes where and file their reports as soon as posChurch-wide commemoration for summer adjournment has been followsible. quorums of that Priesthood. ed in the past found it difficult to

The anniversary this year falls on overcome the impression that summer

Driggs Ward Scores 100% Sunday and plans are now being prevacations extended to priesthood work of Aaronic Priesthood pareda suitableby celebrationthe Presidingof thisBishopricimportantfor asthe wellworkas ofto lastothersummeractivities.as a basisWithit

HpHE Aaronic Priesthood survey in event. As in the past it is to be prois thought that all such stakes will

Driggs ward of Teton stake posed, that the sacrament meeting in show substantial improvement over showed 68 young men in the ward all wards on that date, be conducted last year.

between the ages of 12 and 20. Last by members of the Aaronic Priesthood The operation of the correlation

reports show that every one of the and in addition a special observance plan and the renewed activity in group has been enrolled and is now is to be recommended in quorum Aaronic Priesthood work are also active in Priesthood work. Unusual meetings. Aaronic Priesthood supercounted upon as certain to bring atleadership has made this result possible. visors and others associated directly tendance figures up materially.

Its real significance is emphasized by with Aaronic Priesthood quorums are It will be noted that 1932 has the fact that where some wards have urged to study the history of the started ahead of both previous years.

JANUARY FEBRUARY MARCH APRIL MAY JUNE JULY AUGUST SEPTEMBER OCTOBER NOVEMBER DECEMBER 30%

IIIIIU'II""1 "N '.

LU iiiimiii |in Minimi iin n ii tin innlliimnirnniii

III I I III I I: ii

M i i 1 1 M 1 1 n 1 II I I iiiinnii nil 20%

,,-w, 1932 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1, 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1930 r <-L Aaronic Priesthood Progress Chart, 193031-32

MUTUAL MESSAGES Executive Department Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices

General Superintendency General Presidency

Y. M. M. I. A. General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. Y. L. M. I. A.

SMITH, 47 EAST SOUTH TEMPLE STREET FOX, ALBERT GEORGE RUTH MAY

RICHARD R. LYMAN, CANNON, LUCY GRANT

MELVIN'J. BALLARD, General Offices Y. L. M. I. A. CLARISSA A. BEESLEY,

Executive Secretary: 33 BISHOP'S BUILDING General Secretary:

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH ELSIE HOGAN

The June Conference

is for appropriate George expected to Washington what beDLANS BiSunday Evening Joint is being planned. centennial program the one of most important June

Conferences in the History of M. I. This is to be a part of the M. I. A. Meeting for May, 1932

A. have been announced by the exparticipation in the nationwide Washecutive officers of the Y, M. and Y. L. ington BiCentennial celebration, and General Theme—The Doctrine

M. I. A. The dates for the conference the committee in charge promises a of Doing

have been set beginning Friday, June truly representative M. I. A. presentaProgram: 1 and continuing through Saturday tion. 1. 'Singing—"Come Listen to the

and Sunday. A departure from the procedure Trumpeters."

in previous followed conventions In spirit the keeping with the of is 2. Invocation.

in the planned department I. Durwork. A., give to to its aimingM. mem-

3. Music. first the ing period division of thebers the timely practical most and

programs, the general theme of the into department groups which occurs 4. The Slogan.

convention has been brought right up Friday afternoon, the theme of the 5. Fifteenminute Discourse The

to the minute. It is expressed as conference will be the topic for disWords of Jesus on Doing.

is cussion. division conbeing Thefollows: first His A. words of which we

sidered lines take along which into have (See any record Luke 2:49). hour—to

interest account age resulting both andenrich recrea- "Theleisure—toopportunityspiritualizeof the B. is the Doing pathway to knowin strict variation depart- (from sometion."

This theme is to be considered from ment lines in the various classes. The ing (See John 7:17).

three viewpoints: plan being considered will probably C. Doing is the proof of love (See

1. The Individual. include one department for adults of John 14:15).

2. The Home. all ages above 23. The second de- D. Doing keeps faith from dying

3. The Community. partment will include M Men and (See James 2:17).

In view of the rapidly increasing Gleaners with the third, including E. Doing leads past salvation to

leisure among the people of the world Vanguards, Juniors, Scouts and Bee exaltation (See Matt. 5:19).

and the pressing need for more spirituHive Girls. F. An infallible guide for doing

ality in recreation and leisure time acDivision into department groups for (See Matt. 7:12).

tivities, it is thought that the theme program study with each department G. Through doing we make of

selected for Conference for 1932 will meeting separately is planned for the ourselves sermons that can be seen meet the needs of the presentday betentire morning of Saturday. (See Matt. 5:16).

ter than any other. The principal social feature of the H. Final rewards will be conditionconference will the be at outing Saltair ed do. by (See Revelations what we is to theme presented be The and Beach Friday evening to include on 22:12).discussed at the session opening the of

special features, 6. will one of which be solo Reading or (preferably a. atconference Friday, 9:30 m. June

: the finals in the contest. dance from memory) Poor Wayfaring "A 10. effective unusually Some methods

for program Sunday, the The of Grief."(This song conMan sung was itof are developing being considered

the of conference, day is being in by John Jail Taylor Carthage special theby June conference comdeveloped,cluding this as issue repeated of the Improvespecial and request of the bymittee the of General two I. A. M.

goes to ment Era press. Prophet the Joseph the of Smith dayBoards.

Committees of the various departmartyrdom.) See hymn book.

outstanding general feature The of ments have been 7. at work talk for some Tenminute on Knowing

the will conference undoubtedly be weeks outlining department procedure and Doing. use the fol- (Making of

the great Music Festival held to be and preparing courses of study for the lowing references.) material and

in the tabernacle 1 Saturday evening year to present at new the conference. (a) Historically, the outstanding

with participants representing various feature of the character of the Savior, parts the of Church. feature This as a that man, of doing was good. Limits in Age Contests

is I. in an innovation A. M. ConJosephus, the Public says, Historian, Speaking: Hebrew all to Open of members

isference the I. programs designed to and M. A. between the of 17 23. #ges and this there time, about was "Now Persons reached who have their 17th or 24th increase interest in musical matters. Jesus, if it a wise to. man, lawful birthdays during the year be 1, (June to 1931,

is also planThis definite based upon 1, June eligible. are 1932), call a for man, him a of he doer was

Retold Story: all to Open between the ages valuable educationaland advantages a wonderful works, teacher of such of 15 16, including and those turned have who it is willwhich hoped be eventually 15 or 17 1, 1931 between June and 1, as June received the truth pleasmen with

1932. tospread every the of community ure. to drew over He him both Ladies'to Chorus: those the between OpenChurch. ages SO, of including 16 those and have thethe who of many of Jews and many

their 16th had 31st birthday or between June in Saturday contest to addition Gentiles."the (See Antiquities of the 1, 1931 1, 1932. and June

finals in Drama, Speech, and Story, an Jews, Book XVIII, Chap. 3).

.

The Improvement Era for April, 1932 359

of in consists Doing Temple religion Joy Crystalized cerning The (b). Malad Stake Reports a local member) (See clean (By Work.doing and keeping good

ActivitiesJames 1:27). 10. Singing hymn—"Do What is

(c) A living example of a PracRight."

tical Religion. /PHE first event of this season's

President Heber J. Grant has often 11. Benediction. work was our stake and ward

asserted that his great anxiety is to officers'social. All wards where Muget the members of the Church to live tuals are being held in our stake were

cases religion the withtheir and preach represented, in some Gospel Drama for the Washington well at the evening for the Recently Brigham example.by Our project 100%.

Young University he delivered an exCelebration was the introduction of the new slotended address on the Application of gan. After a number of icebreakers

Knowledge, using the following quoHPHE Washington plays, "The and getacquainted games, the stage tation as the central thought: Dominant Force"and "Washingwas all set for a pantomime. Near

ton Takes the Risk,"will be disthe front of the stage stood a casket

A Last Word tributed to the wards by the stake bearing the inscription, "Old Man his bier his stood Around in Tobacco."presentation for superintendents, the Chapter book, From XLV. than other were none mourners who bicentennial in the outlined as May, and Thinking.""Right Wrong

dressthe Board Stake of the members I. for the A. "The program is M. fitting counsel There more no

oldfashioned queerlooking in ed indeals the with Force"Dominant is this the closefor of than book cryand clothes. After moaning much trigue to bring agents foreign about of in thecontained following words

the in lowered casket his was ing, large a the situation and between Life,"School Wiloffrom by "The of right the grave. Suddenly from been States small have which would Algers:liam R.

and a of stage the group Men to the destructive development very M is lesson there one more "And now large a carrying entered Girls Gleaner government. the democratic of Washlearn, the to of all thefor us climax ladoll, lifesized a bearing basket his disapproval ington's and of themrest; a personal to namely, apmake a I. sang then beled A. They M. situation the dealing an makes with to everythingplication ourselves of the occafor especially written song story. interesting dramatic and master Unless know.which we we 'invitation (extended an sion which

this lesson, and act on it, other lesWe suggest that the cast can be for all to join their rank. The

sons are virtually useless and thus cut in order to avoid the expenses mourners discarded their mourners'robbed of their essential glory. The of costuming. Delegates from the tweeds and joined the group, all singliving large or States everything cut to aim of end beonly can or two one of Zion's Cause Hail the ing Come

are experience, truth as delegates the 'most, of at the every can wewe audience. the aided by Youth,

is the practical alltaught, use States, the giving the small we make from of it for the enrichment of the soul, lines to fewer characters. A table was then unveiled which

acattuningthe and a display of the thoughts of Wisdom of the Word is bore the Takes Risk""Washington * * audiencetions, the exaltation of life. by the was viewed which dealing with interesting play * an WashWhen we do what we know, then ington's acceptance of the call to lead and was very effective. This display

first does it put on vital luster and the "rebel"cause. The King's forces was afterwards presented at our Stake

become divinely precious."and the New England Minute Men Quarterly Conference and received a

(d) The Joy coming from doing have clashed at Lexington. Lord great deal of favorable comment.

Doctrine (See dearest of Washington'smissionary and Fairfax, one work the October, of the During month tries Sec. to friends, dissuadeCovenants, 18:1416). from him a in very participated stake Malad

call. 8. concerntestimony in accepting other the the minute Three As nine in which road show commendable

cast of the the Missionary be above, play joy can noteding Doing perrepresented. Each were wards

lines a to materially local the given cut and member) (ByWork. fifteen to lasted twelve formance from

9. characters. testimony fewer conminute Three

first evethe played minutes, and was ning in four wards and the second night in four other wards. The third

night all wards met in the same hall and played for the benefit of the participants. A prize of five dollars

($5.00) was awarded to the best and

most original act. St. John ward

was awarded first place. Theirs was

"The Hammer Act."Each performance was played to a full house. Enclosed you will find the program

which was given by each ward.

$1.00 Family Admission Card $1.00

M. I. A. Stake Lyceum 193132

Sept. 8—Opening Social. Oct. 22, 23—Road Show. Dec. 28—Drama. Jan. 22—Gold and Green Ball. Mar. 19—Stake Honor Day. April—B. Y. U. Concert. Aug.—Fathers and Sons, Mothers and

Daughters Day.

Charles Shumway and Sons, of Franklin, Idaho, who are all

Life Members of the M. I. A. This ticket admits the one whose name

360 The Improvement Era for April, 1932

appears below to any or all of the above events during the season of193132. Not transferable. Community Activity

Issued To It is with pleasure that we report Gold and Green Ball the success which has attended our U* VER increasing in popularity and cessful. Gold and Green decorations

M. I, A. Stake Lyceum (see copy interest, the Gold and Green Balls were carried out in every detail, with

of ticket above). This was sold to in various wards and stakes over the charming effect. "The special and

each family, regardless of the number Church are taking their place as the attractive feature of the evening was in the family, for the price of $1.00, outstanding social events of each seathe entering of four queens, heralded

which brought us enough to finance son. Many reports have been sent in by pages in green and gold satin suits,

all the events listed on the ticket. to the Era, and if space permitted, and four tiny flower girls. The queens

At each of the events the houses the entire report would be printed. occupied swings in the north end of

were packed to the door, and in case As it is, excerpts from each have been the hall."

of the Drama it was necessary to selected and appear below. Upon entering, everyone was given

repeat it, to accommodate the crowd a ballot to cast for their choice of notwithstanding the fact that we gave queen. At 10:30 p. m. the Queen

a matinee for the children as well as Blackfoot Stake of Queens was chosen, crowned and the performances. evening raised seated a platform, with upon stake Ball and Green Gold QUR the Ball Green and Gold was The the other three attendants. as queens event. was a Never wonderful the large season, the of eventbiggest I. contest "Senordance A. The M. officers so before and had memmany its hall to dance beingpublic packed ita introduced dancers Mia"was by

I. social in bers the of a A. met M.limit. ball each ward. was from "The affair. in carried the colors out We to regular admission charged We very well the attended Stake and queens, reprethe decorations. Nine ticket, a season did holdthose not who affair, Board, the sponsors of were special senting nine wards, given wereat event. each gratified results."the with

in a recognition introducand march this this "depression"of year For after the of queen which ticket blessing, and tion, proved aLyceum the Nevada Stake the evening chosen from was ward as appreciated, large famwas greatly greatest present. the having numberilies a the themselves availed Ball opporof Green and was Gold HPHE

'Senorita contest dance, Mia'The new events, these attending wheretunity of affair at stake the held and was of a demonstrated was number by done could have never theyotherwise It successful Ely very Chapel. was enthusiasticalcouples, and was mostso. in respect. every was Queen The received. ly a very 28, 1931, December the On having from Ward, ward Ruth

is interest being taken "Much the presentedsplendid by was its drama tickets!"in sold of of quota 150% I. every of department A. work M. actors the of wereMutual. Most

worthwhile many Board. Stake from themembers The and

are being ments made. MaccomplishMen and Beaver Stake Ricks. wasdrama presented Cappy

are Girls in leading out are to our announce happy it Gleaner so that theater crowded wasThe many W/T things, all, those above and engaged Ball. successful Green and Gold the play the to repeat necessarywas

a in the are stronger gaining work in stake the united wards with The given matinee time. wassecond A of testimony the Gospel."this Ball to an effort an overmake in the afternoon.

We feel at least for this year our whelming success. Ribbons of gold

financial worries are at an end. Alpine Stake and green were used in decorating the

Our work in general is going over hall. The background was of pine

very well. HPHE sixth annual Gold and Green trees, giving off a pungent odor; and

We appreciate the work of the genBall of this stake was most sucmountains of pure white snow. A

eral board, and wish you all success in the future.—Blanche H. Woodland.

Rexburg First Ward M. I.

A. Chorus, (Fremont Stake

TN September, 1930, the First Ward

Mutual chorus was organized under the direction of Lewis A. Lee, the

director of Music for the Young Men's

Mutual Improvement Association. At

the first call, only a few mutual members responded, but in less than a month the chorus had increased to a membership of 80 people.

As a device to increase interest in music, a concert was undertaken, and after much practice, was produced in the

First Ward church to a record crowd.

Since that time, a radio concert was sung over station K I D at Idaho Falls, in which the entire chorus, now numbering 165 members, sang ensemble numbers of such quality as, "O, Divine Redeemer,"and "The Kerry (Continued on page 366) Beaver Stake Queen with Attendants

The Improvement Era for April, 1932 361

HH Malad jStake "POR the Malad Stake annual Gold and Green Ball the hall was artistically decorated in gold and green pennants.. The queen's throne was.

at the rear of the hall, to which the queen and her attendants marched, led by two very small girls carrying baskets of flowers. Immediately following the queen was a little trainbearer. Then followed the officers'

march led by the Stake Board. Each

ward, bearing its banner, fell in line as the march proceeded until every officer was in line. After several

figures a halt was made in front of the queen, where all sang, M. I. A.,

our M. I. A. The gold and green

dance, 'Senorita Mia,'was then introduced by a miniature couple in full evening dress. This was followed by

twelve couples from the various wards who participated in the dance. The

remainder of the evening was enjoyed by all in dancing. About five hundred people were in attendance.

Royalty Attends Gold and Green Ball in San Diego "We appreciate very much the splendid activity programs recommoon setting behind the mountains, work of gold and green crepe paper mended by the General Board, and the gave the effect of a perfect night."woven into a gigantic spider web timely suggestions we receive. We

will give can assure you you that we the ceiling, the centered Beaver chosen at formed was by a large A queen this in hearty cooperation work. crystal a ball. white green Soft ourStake Ball, and upon gold and mounted

horse, designed for the purpose. The lights of rainbow colors behind the

very picturesque surroundings gave a web of crepe paper, and wall decoraVentura Branch, most charming aspect. tions of green and gold transformed

the hall into a beauty spot. California Mission

Northwestern States Mission "'Music for the affair was furnish- A T the Gold and Green Ball of orchestra. the pretty ed church by A perfect, the Ventura, music was organizathe branch ofCEVERAL intermission presented was number by fact perfect. In the dancing was successin tions the were mission Miss Anderson, and Anderson Donald perfect. everything more was What finest theful Gold and in holding latest the demonstrated Mutual's who could ask? one here. ever Balls heldGreen 'Senorita dance, Mia.'entire the Practically was branch ballaffair in the Portland, the "For

affriends the in large charge of a also 'Committees our of out; number to decorated the'of chapel wasroom

class Girls all a time. and the Gleaner were they and had good We Garden. Italianresemble an The

class the church.'of a also to Men's number were welcome happy Mfair effects lovely, thelighting were and

crowning of the Gold and Green

Queen was a really beautiful ceremony.

"Seattle and Tacoma branches each held beautifully appointed balls.

"Following is a clipping taken from the Great Falls Tribune, giving an interesting account of the Gold and

Green Ball held by the M. I. A. of

our church in that city. We thought

it quite unusual that an outside newspaper should give such a writeup, and that you might be interested in the comments made.

"'The Gold and Green Ball of the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints was held at the church headquarters, 307 First Avenue north, and was sponsored by the Great Falls branch of the Mutual Improvement association of the L. D. S. Church.

There was an attendance of about 200 couples.

'Decorations of the hall were carried out in a color motif of green and gold, forming a delightful background for the charming Miss Elna

Anderson, queen of the Ball. A netQueen of Carbon Stake Gold and Green Ball

362 The Improvement Era for April, 1932

of couples from the Santa Barbara

Branch. -> In the Prize Waltz, Brother and MenGleaners Sister William Hay overcame some M

very close competition to win the TOR the first Tuesday in the month generosity, kindness, selfdenial and prize. It was a contest very well of May, the suggestive program love. These are the graces that make

danced and everyone enjoyed the numis "Entertainments."(See M Men the humblest home beautiful, and withber. Manual, p. 141; Gleaner Manual, p. out which the costliest mansion is an

The demonstration of the M. I. 25.) Reference given is "The Right empty shell. Mere mechanical deport-

A. Contest dance, 'Senorita Mia,'was Thing at all Times,"pp. 8689; ment is worth very little. It smacks

very much appreciated by all present. 143146; 183185. of a culture which is simply veneered

It is a very beautiful dance and was on, so to speak. Such a veneer is

discuss the This evening we will capably very easily cracked, performed. soon broken. The And—oh guest, etc. the house parties, intend culture for is a spiritual yes! we contest!"chaperon, we strive to win the

As to the chaperon: "Ethically the culture which must come from within.

Juab Stake only chaperon is a girl's own sense To rightly control temper, speech dignity the she pride; of has and who requires conduct help the and from outstanding feature the of an- N A attributes right character needs of no Spirit. Divine cannot accomWe nual Stake Juab Gold and Green certain occachaperon."However, plish in these things strength, our own Ball selection the was three of queens sions require a her Call chaperon. seek the but guidance of must our in place which took the various wards advisor, honwhat you is Father. culture Heavenly one True previous to the dance; as escorts may—patron, for

is guide, orary or a she yet member, as that the includes heart well as intheeach queen, knights two chosen. were

is chaperon, her and with not young tellect, self elevates that poise gives and platform decorated as a was gardenA to to the people spy or take on them dignity to nature. the and Rewhole three the where seated; queens were life, their for joy out of protecbut is ligious the culture most important all in decorations green. were gold and tion. in will chaperon be good A all, live of in to with and harmony intermission, During presentation of the her group, with sympathy and

this give I. will us highest year's God's laws our contest A. dance, M. will restraint presence impose no and

is "Senorita happiness. "Etiquette given, Mia,"couples was flummery no a spoil fun, will yet be curb no on

being chosen the various from wards. a poseurs, system of of conduct but gaiety, a against protection undue and

no competitiveThough features were carried out, much enthusiasm was criticism.have dignity"Aboveand allif ashechaperonis to bemustof basedrespectonof respectothers."of self,A kindcoupledheart withand

shown and the large crowd in attendany actual service she must be kind a feeling of respect will inspire us to ance seemed to enjoy the evening. of heart and have intelligent sympathy be gracefully obedient to the rules

act. charge her and have only not is society. there To or of laws no "AsSan Ball Diego

her, care for with happy but be is learning, there neither her, royal to road feel that\X7"E our Green Gold and relais the possible a such only way a culture; cut short to but good manBall successful. very was The tionship can endure."are society ners the within and goodhall beautifully in the was decorated

M. I. A. colors, the crowd one of As to the thoughtful hostess, the reach of all who are endowed with

the largest ever present at a Mutual "Spaniard says to his guest: 'All I Godgiven ambition, kind hearts anddance here and the spirit of the occahave is yours!'This in a measure intelligent minds."—Margaret Wade.

sion was ideal. is true, for your house, your fireside, Give as a review the finale, pages

all his; the of are four entered branches "Each your time, your food his 183185, "The Right Thing at all contest,for a shelter."his attendants. food, queen roof your with There

East San Diego Branch presented the is the considerate guest who is charmTimes."For demonstration purposes

'Queen of the Colors', a stately golding, unselfish, sympathetic, good temselect from the finale all points of clad Gleaner girl, followed by two pered, helpful and courteous. Then etiquette discussed during the year's

attendants in dainty green gowns carthere is the inconsiderate guest. "The activities.

rying acacia. guest no one invites a second time

"The group from Logan Heights is the one who runs a car to its detriportrayed the idea of Ruth the Gleanment, and a horse to a lather; who Banquet in Canadian Stake

er. The queen was draped in gold leaves a borrowed tennis racquet out

satin and carried a sheaf of gilded in the rain; who 'dog ears'the books, PARLY in the New Year the M

wheat. Her two attendants who wore * * * who uses towels for boot rags, Men and Gleaners of the Lethclassic green robes carried golden vases who stands a wet glass on polished bridge stake held their annual banon their shoulders. wood, who tracks muddy shoes into quet and dance at the Lethbridge ward

"From National City came the the house, and leaves his room looksocial hall. Upwards of 150 were

it lace dressed Spring''Queen of in gold through been ing as though had associations, the various a present from lighted ofare the cyclone. a sunray wearingand only crown Nor men being the function by L. B. fenders. electricity. beenwith have women Young

supervisor, stake Knowlton, MdirectedMen to entered to royal every of these party one commit "The the known music of 'Senorita Mia'. The gracious offenses and the additional one of and Mrs. H. Ostlund, stake Gleaner

queen was crowned and with her atbringing a pet dog."Are you the leader. Members of the stake presitendants took her place on a dias decconsiderate or inconsiderate guest? dency, Elders Palmer, Green and

orated with golden acacia blossoms Clarke, were guests of honor. The

while the orchestra played 'Lady of Just a word in summary of the joint hall was colorfully decorated in M

Spain.'program. We have learned through MenGleaner colors and each ward

"The crowning of the Queen was our study of "The Right Thing at contributed a stunt to the entertainall lovely behavior that Times,"a of patronsfollowed Grand by March singfeatures the is ment. were Other

expression the natural and outgrowth I. officers. entire A.and The M. Challenge"ing demonand of "The beautiful, lovely a of and harmonious I. I. A.'; 'M. sang A.group M. Our

contest strations of the dance which beauticharacter. to behave order In 'Senorita contest dance, Mia,'the was

demonstrated and dancing was resumfully, one must cultivate the graces of is proving very popular. Following

ed."the spirit, striving against selfishness, the banquet and program dancing was

(Continued on page 371) ill temper, irritability, and cultivating enjoyed.

The Improvement Era for April, 1932 363

He is a member of the Raymond baseone with played rugby team, also -> ball allast year and teams of Calgary's Menthough not having previous experi-M

Canadian Mormon (Boys Win High Athletic Honors papersence receivedfor his specialbrilliantheadlineswork. Hein thefits

if athletics he in and in anywhere still First the are accepting they Place—ND A will to improvement continues show Put. Shot the to challenge, flung by them

later. heard from be Javelin Throw. Israel. in generation Theseolder

first into noGalhraith came Bruce Vault. Pole the voiced boys! WhoeverMormon

I. a at Track athlete tice A. as an M. Secondfear Place—for them?

old. His sixteen years Meet, when Discus. year, the each Spring of the In is Pole the and specialty High Jump dash. yds. 440 puts Association ImprovementMutual at the first appearance Vault. His Broad Jump. Field Meet. En- a and Trackon Meet Junior Provincial Track Step and Jump. Alberta Hop, these of to train one forcouraged this meet the in year 1929. At was Third Place—the from boysmeets, Raymond two the in Pole place both second he won dash. yd. 100 Stake), found (TaylorSecond Ward he In 1930 Jump. Vault High and hurdles. yd. 120 as ability considerable hadthat they both meet, winning the entered same

athletes. The Mutual work must be Note please, that his winnings are of the above mentioned events, estabgiven credit for the beginning of theii along all lines. In the last meet the lishing Alberta Provincial records in

development. The Word of Wisdom competition was keener than ever beeach of them. In May, 1931, at the

kept by them is responsible for a fore. This probably was inspired by Cardston Track Meet, Bruce equalled

continuance of their splendid work. the Olympic Meet, which is to be held the Senior Alberta record for the High

J. Harris Walker is an all round in 1932, also by the showing made Jump and is still a joint holder of that

athlete. His ability was first discovat Amsterdam in 1928, by the Canarecord.

ered when he was fifteen years old, dians and their desire to repeat in Being too old to enter the Junior in one of the M. I. A. Track Meets. 1 932. An example or two will show meet in 1931 he went to Banff and

The following year he trained carejust how keen was the competition. entered the Senior Alberta Provincial

fully and was sent to compete in the Harris broke five Alberta records and Track meet, where he was successful

Alberta Provincial Track Meet, open equalled one and still was placed first in winning both the High Jump and to all boys under nineteen years old. in only two of these events. In the the Pole Vault.

He made a good showing but was 100 yard dash he equalled the Alberta Bruce has his eyes set on Los Anonly able to bring back two medals. record and placed only third; he was geles next July for the Olympic meet

Continuing his training, he returned beaten in this race by six inches, by and some one will have to show some to the Provincial Track Meet in 1930 the winner and about 2 inches by the class if he is kept out.

back in bringing Orgill. the prettiest race was successfuland making man, second—Reported by Helen K. Best for the coveted cup, the meets. seen inthe much any of

All Round Athlete in Alberta, for Since the Junior Provincial Track Rock Springs Ward

Persistently years. nineteen Highland the Scotch underboys entered he Meet

class Men's the M for returned 1931training, he National Banff beautiful at Games, conWard, (\F> ofrecentthe Rockdate Springsthe in Rockies. successful winHere the again in Canadian Park, and wasmeet

ning the cup for the best all round in this gem of a spot amid the punsisting of seventeen members, purto the Mutual chased life membership of the 28th of pines, on odor gent for Provinqe, in 1 boys theathlete, is a Association. This Improvement events, entered winning he two year August years. the In nineteenunder for the Springs real achievement Rock in placing 3rd the Pole and Vault entered 11 events and he won 1931 Ward! 29th Step and the Jump. The Hop, follow:9 His winnings medals.

was the Senior Provincial Track Meet.

Harris entered five events and won four medals. The events won were

as follows: Second Place—

Pole Vault.

440 yard dash. Third Place—

Broad Jump.

Javelin Throw.

We note from the Improvement Era that a Mormon boy holds the record for the best all round athlete in the world. We are very glad to learn that

but would suggest that he keep his spikes sharpened, if he expects to retain his title. It will take a few years

yet but Harris is now better, or within striking distance of at least six of the ten events necessary and is going strong on all the others, considering his age.

In addition to track work he was a member for two years of Raymond

High School Basketball team, Alberta.:,.:'':. *\:iaj -=--:--i: "- -: / "'": i Provincial Champions for the past

three years, and last year he was a

Harris Walker member of the Calgary Normal School

Best allround athlete in Alberta basketball team, which won the InBruce Galbraith under 19 years termediate Championship of Alberta. of Alberta, Canada

364 The Improvement Era for April, 1932

heroic part their fathers and mothers > and others have played in the growthGleaner Girls and development of the Church and

Los Angeles Stake Gleaner Girls'Eighth Annual Banquet of Everythis westernGleanerempire.girl should read

'""PHE eighth and largest annual banare given in "Gospel Doctrine.""The Written Word,"by Dr. N. A.

in Peterson the January, Era,,1932, ithe of quet Latterday Saint leaders class urge to complete We better than he for wrote knew, He GirlsGleaner the the of Angeles Stake course in Los of study history Church sentence every stimulates inspires and at held thewas Recreation Stake )17th, Cenin third the by Tuesday May the gatherers "treasures of truth."ofter in Park. the Huntington It of month May. mean may life appreciation the In of of story

hall tables Swill that beautito were The leave and have out some you his writes: mother, he mail "Thefully decorated to details represent the in of history, the a "Garden minor last precious, a Christmas brought meof in Gleaners,"stress addition least each at and but outsym- one week telling the story of document mybols ideal. is of It event. our standing Gleaner well to review There life years. eightyfour mother's of She

seated briefly at tables, threewere the thus each week, the keeping hunit afterin written had longhand and fiftyfivedred guests. history upto-date. revGleaners and the and Connect

it It a typed. pioneer wards had was

the stage elations the given doctrines the a gold and was hugeOn of "G". saga, less incidramatic in nothing

travels the Saints, afterImmediately the of Stake Church with President itsvirtue dent touching and of by clear addressMuir's keeping a thus picture the in mind on "Comparing It Biblical sincerity. simplicity and

time, as to place Gleaner and event. withModern GleanRuth the great story crying told to be was a

er,"six Gleaners appeared on the as are the life stories of thousandsr stage, each in her turn, carrying a Project of other early Utahns, not perhaps sheaf reof long golden wheat, and 'to the public rather general to but twill be project evening no I *HERE selectedpeating a "sheaf". seventh A circle the care intimate family who in the April. of month However,girl gathered the into big wheat one a so p'cture for profoundly complete class leaders take time during shouldsheaf, it a and "binding"yellow with their heroic are of parents so who the inspire to encourage and month little thisribbon climaxed act with trees falling in great like rapidly death girls diligent to a Gleaner gatherin be words,few to the audience conveying as leaving, says, the poet spacious and their ing material for "Treasures of idealsthe purpose and of Gleaner our line."in the sky gaps books. can be These books Truth"organization. then the arranged She

the, largesheaf on to resemble "G"the anddedicatedfather,toorthegrandparents,Pioneers, toor motherothers. Ward, Stake and Church Pin.Gleaner audience of Gleaner Our

girl Gleaner OneGirls, this joined chorus of seven dedicates her book "Treasures of Truth"JBooks in the following words:girls in singing It the Gleaner song.

was a beautiful and symbolic act. "To my father and mother, my '"PHE time has come for the comancestors, and who my stake piling program of ward, of toasts composed from grandparents and Chitch A

to love have taught me God andthe girl guests in the of honor, Gleaner the books. selections musical Every

and dancing numbers was presented truth, I lovingly dedicate this book, Church should make her contribution.

during dinner. which contains "Treasures of Truth"In consultation with her Gleaner leadfaith incidents and promoting from er, select Thirty the she of her should Stake book from Men, M lives, their grateful acknowledgwiththe incident, story, interesting the supervision the of most Stake Men M under for the part four great grandment myofficers, acted in for or experience the capacity a and copy make waitof

in of settlement the played parentsers the at the should book. This banquet. copy a ward added They

this great State of Utah. original as attested the touch, be in hercharming dressed same their white

waiter's jackets, black trousers and "Aye, call it holy land, wherever possible, and tn all cases the black bow ties. The land which first they trod, source of the information contained

Since the purpose of the banquet They have left unspoiled should be given. She should sign her

was the election of new officers for What here they found, contribution. All contributions should

the coming year, much of the evening Freedom to worship God."be in the ward book by April 15th.

was devoted to clever songs and yells Each month one Tuesday evening The ward Gleaner leader, in conand stunts for the candidates from has been devoted to the Project, sultation with the ward counselor in the various wards of the stake. "Treasures of Truth."More than charge of class discussions, will select

The L. A. Stake Gleaners are car2500 covers for these books have been from the ward "Treasures of Truth"

rying on their Gleaner work with sent to all parts of the Church. Thoubook the three most interesting arhigher enthusiasm than ever before. sands of Gleaners are recording the ticles and have copies made for the

It is their pledge to endeavor to make each successive year more successful than the last.—Eleanore Jones.

Gleaner Course of Study '""PHERE will be but one class discussion evening in April, i. e.,

the last Tuesday in the month. Discussion 16, of the History of the

Church, chapters,41 to 44 inclusive, pages 247262 of the Gleaner Manual will be given. In this discussion

we consider the progress and growth of the Church under the leadership of

President Joseph F. iSmith. Incidents

in connection with his life can be found in "Essentials in Church History, p. 624, 631. Sermons and

writings of President Joseph F. Smith Gleaner Girls Eighth Annual Banquet, Los Angeles

..

The Improvement Era for April, 1932 365

stake book. These copies should have

attestation and signature of original >contributors. All contributions for Junior Girls

the stake book should be in by May 1st. TN our course of study for the Junior Committee of the General Board feels

that these evenings splenafford this a very year, department had we have leader, in conGleaner The stake for did opportunity the girls to lessons have beautiful will be which in some counselor the stakesultation with charge of class discussions, will select of inestimable value to the girls in answered some of the questions in their hearts. lives. Sometimes, going while their building of Truth""Treasures stake thefrom

lessons, girls over the the quite are these a close, discussions to not draw As arinteresting three the mostbook, satisfied is said. it regret with Stimulate that is with what have some we These book. the forticles Church

copies should have attestation and sigto lay aside such uplifting, interesting and encourage the girls to think for nature. These contributions should and worthwhile material. But if the themselves, that they may know what

be sent to the General Board Office girls have caught the spirit of each points are still hazy to them, and may to ask cleared therein, lesson have participated such up. have and th. 15by May

hints will received inspiration they concerning few preparation have A material classification of the The for are: these blessings evenings will that with and them go divisions or different headingsunder

1 entire lives attractive their will be an through box, ready and Have will books, in the individualas given of necessity have to be disregarded important factors in the forming of in ample time that the leader will in ward, stake and Church books, so their characters. have at least a week to consider the

that there may be freedom of choice In the three remaining chapters for questions put into the box. to select the best from any section of April and May, the subjects for dis- 2. Let the girls—one or more

the individual books. cussion are of the greatest importance be responsible for providing the box.

"Building Spirituality into Our Lives"One such box, made by the girls, was is like putting a light into a darkened very lovely, being of rose color (the

is life complete Junior hue) and no in the shape made is spirit indestructof a rose (the flower) JuniorThe M. I. A. building—andwithout it. The

TOURING the twentyseven years I ible and its activity will continue 3. If the girls wish, stipulate beserved in the M. I. A. I found it to through eternity, while the physical forehand that questions on at least

be a friend indeed. It gave me inbody will crumble and decay. How one evening will be along a certain

struction in Theology, ethics, literimportant is it, then, that we emline. If health, beauty culture, or any

ature, public speaking, debating, the phasize those things in our lives that other definite subject is of particular drama, and even in writing, in parwill strengthen spirituality! interest, you might invite an authority

liamentary law, and citizenship. It Reverence for our Father in Heaven, along the line in to answer questions.

taught me how to preside over assemfor the priesthood, for sacred places This makes it interesting and valuable.

blies, how to conduct classes and to and for our bodies, are the points in The atmosphere of this period teach. It taught me to love and apthe lesson that should be impressed should be refined and sympathetic,

preciate good music. It gave me inon the minds of the girls. and yet be free and happy. Better

struction in nature study and taught "Opportunity for Spiritual Develresponse will be obtained if the question's are submitted unsigned. Theme to love the great outof-doors; to opment"—surely, we the members of

know birds, butterflies and insects; the this Church, are blessed above all peogirls should understand that the quesflowers, the weeds, ferns and sedges, ple in our opportunities for spiritual tions must be of general interest, and

trees, shrubs and grasses, the stars and development. From our early childworth the time necessary for their

to see the beauties in the grays of a hood we build the spiritual along with consideration.

winter sky. It opened the door to the physical as we advance in the During Leadership Week at the B.

give me a glimpse of science. It organizations of the Church, and as Y. U. in Provo, an interesting and

added the thrills of recreation, hiking, we take advantage of the many opporsuccessful "Question Box"period was climbing mountains, the dance, some tunities that are placed in our way conducted. The group there assembled

swimming and boating. It gave me for development. Through service were invited to ask questions, and

training in recreational leadership and and study, and through the cultivathese were given due attention. Many

supplied the material for me to use. tion of the Spirit of God, can the felt that this method was better than

Gave me delight in Indianlore. spiritual side of our lives be developed. simply a lecture, for the problems most

Trained me to do Red Cross work in "Review and Summary"pressing were brought out. This is

time of need. Showed me how to Let the girls go out of this class true in the class question box period

bring State Club Work to our girls, at the end of the year with a feeling of the girls'problems. In their hearts

which trained us in sewing, handithat they have completed something; is a yearning to know many things.

craft, home decoration and designing, that they have finished their study If a Junior leader can help to solve cooking and canning. It aroused my with no loose ends left. these questions, she is doing a great

interest in Public Health work. In The summary and review will serve deal, and her reward will be one of all these years the M. I. A. directed a double purpose. First—it will relove and satisfaction.

my reading, bringing me upto-date call to their minds the important books in many lines. It has brought points of the lessons and emphasize Class Party

me the association of many wonderful those things that are outstanding and A/TAY twentyfourth is designated women and taught me to appreciate most worthwhile. Second—through as class party night. The class

their virtues. It has also brought me this lesson you leaders will have the may just entertain themselves with

the association of many fine men, and satisfaction of seeing the results of games and stunts or they may invite kept me alive to the interests of the your year's work, in the knowledge their mothers to be present and plan young people. In short it has paid the girls have gained under your lead- a program that will explain the work

amazing dividends to broaden and ership. and activity of the season. It is sugbeautify my life. I know of no other gested that the arrangements for this

agency that gives so much for the Question Box evening be simple. Two simple reeffort expended, as the M. I. A., and POLLOWING the calendar, we find freshments are suggested. A box of

with all sincerity I express my apprethat there are two evenings to be stick candy held high having two ciation for the influence it has wielded devoted to the "Question Box"—kinds of sticks in it. Divide the class

in my life. Lizzie Hoge Welker. March 29th and May 3rd. The Junior into two parts and have them two at

366 The Improvement Era for April, 1932

a time reach up and take a piece of candy. If the colors are the same they must put one back and divide the Vanguards

other piece between them. If the

colors are different they may keep 100% Vanguard Troop inspecialized,taxidermy,archery,in whichleathercraft,they hadetc. them.

cats, Leads a bear, of dogs, a calf Hides Out in Correlation and might candy box of A homemade other tanperfectly animals been had the it as Use as refreshments. serve Program

pheasants ned and mounted and two hunt. The a treasure have and treasure

a exhibit. the completed duck and *0 hos- 'plays the then of troop Vanguards No. candy the getting side 1I ararrows, quivers other Bows, and losers. the 148, of of Rexthe First Ward in serving tess

If the weather is good and you can burg in the Fremont Stake, is given chery equipment showed a high degree get to a park or take a walk, you the credit for leading out in that ward of skill. As a feature of the Leadercould even have a light "home fixed"in the new Correlation plan to inship week program the troop gave

lunch to be eaten out of doors under terest every boy and young man in the a demonstration of a troop meeting the trees or by some water and plan Church in the work of the various which explained the reason for the splendid of the group. showing If you have organizations. accordingly. the leadership Under games your

Officers Jesse include of the troop as use the following Jesse P. of Vanguard Leader Evans, you could guests

leader, Evans, Chas. Vanguard arrive. efficient assistant backed an they first and P. by when a mixer

assistant, Beesley, the following and active having this troop, the name an committee, troop a paper, 1. Pin

Williams, troop committee: Harold the it, on last on organized person has achieved September famous some of instructor Sorenson, E. chairman, H. Give dress. results. outstanding person's each of back

inin S. E. taxidermy, Browning, object paper. The pencil and first them objective in the program The Practically archery. structor in the 100% from names as many get is to enlist to the every of was young man are nonusers the of of young men at the possible as others the of backs as 1516 registered year a group Vanis effort to tobacco being an and made name own your keeping time is same guard. score The 100%. respect. in this perfect a score make have can You discovered. being the from In picture every accompanying vanball taken has troop up The forof instead game introduction is tothe of troop an shown, member its athletic far thus activity as and yourselves. introducing mally the gether of with troop members "star"defeated. been has not No Form neighbor? your is 2. committee. objective Who's second The is every developed but team who man center who the in one circle with active to the every in have a member is desires to play. so permitted Troop their learn to everyone is Tell is "It."Teacher's well under quorum. This for set has standard high a 148 No. one the who Then names. will doubtless neighbors'be accomand way to troops match. other in a a member before stands in a time. "it"will plished short is Then

circle and says "Left or Right,"and come a checkup to have every young counts to ten (if not very well acman active in his Sunday School class Churchwide Vanguard quainted). If everyone knows each and those who are eligible attending Contest Activities Under

five. Whoto count just well will seminary. other This make a 100%

their of the name give to are of Way ever fails members group and there many changes called, as neighbor left this are that confident that or ward right parts who various of from T) EPORTS and center the in one the reached. will goal with be places indicate the that the Church

"it"nwy Occasionally "it". becomes the are taking planning Vanguards recent Leadership the on Week During all Then neighbors.""change call field as in the the contest limelight troop an at 148 Rexburg, made No. to ready be and places change must finals near. dates draw handicraft the Unof Church of elaborate showing or names neighbors their new give in activity archery its the precedented and of members. most of One

become "it". prominent display windows in town vanball appears to be under way *vith

had been secured in advance and an indications that the short story conexhibit made that attracted more than test will also be well represented. Indi- district regarding and formation display attention. the In ordinary Dept.Executive to stake out is being sent vision finals the of troop were samples of the work

. Continued from "

page 360 Dance."A male chorus and a ladies

chorus also sang some very pleasing numbers. This same concert was repeated by request for the ParentTeachers Organization of Rexburg.

Inasmuch as this is a Mutual chorus, much time has been spent in learning and singing the mutual songs both from the Music Songbook and the special contest numbers recommended by the General Mutual Authorities.

Monday night has been set aside for the practice work of this chorus although the activity period in Mutual is sometimes used.

Much credit is due to Mr. Lee for

his splendid work in directing this large chorus, and to the Mutual Officers who have given such loyal support to this undertaking. We feel

that we may expect even greater things of this Chorus in the coming Mutual

Contests and entertainments to which they are now looking forward. J. Harris Walker and Brothers—future athletes

The Improvement Era for April, 1932 367

leaders by the Vanguard committee of the General Board. This year marks -)—the entrance of the Vanguards in Boy ScoutsChurch-wide athletic competition and

there is evidence they that expect to 100% Scout Troop M. I. A. Scouts Make full of the opportunitytake advantage

offered them. Demonstrates Patrol Plan Record in 193 1

CCOUTS from the Fourth Ward TX/TTH complete reports in handDeseret News Offers of Idaho Falls have made an encovering Scout activities, for

VanguardScout Cooperation viable record both in registration and 1931, it is possible to analyze the npHE Deseret News has extended to advancement.record made thisBecausetroopof wasthe excellentselected mentresultsduringof ourthe workyear. inTherethat isdepartevery

the Vanguards and Scouts of the to present a demonstration of patrol reason why those who are connected

Church an invitaiton to send items of council procedure on the Leadership with scouting (which includes the news and information regarding acWeek at Rexburg recently. Under Vanguards) in the M. I. A. should

tivities to be printed on the special the leadership of Scoutmaster of the R. H. record be proud made. A repage publishedVanguardScout a very effective and illuminatprogress port each Doman of the of scouting in

Saturday. Stake and Ward leaders are ing demonstration of the procedure the 12th region (California, Arizona,

urged to take advantage of the opporof the patrol system in operation was Nevada and Utah), shows that gratitunity to secure publicity for their presented. fying progress has been made in all

groups. But probably more important than councils where scouting has been sponsored the Y. by I. A. M. M. itself demonstration the record wasVanguard Handicraft the the councils in 47 Of the 12 th resulted in which made by the troop

Display Planned for June its selection. The record shows that region the councils in Utah hold the

Conference everyis registeredboy ofwithScouthisagetroop.in theInwardaufollowingTimpanogospositions:fourth, SaltOgdenLakeGatewaysecond,

TV /TANY reports are being received dition there are twelve members of ninth, Cache Valley twelfth, Bryce by the General Board of unusualthe troop and all of them are regisCanyon twentyeighth. In proporly fine work being done by Vanguards tered as Scouters. Church activities tion to population of the areas covered

throughout the Church. It has been in quorums, Sunday School and sacrathe Utah councils are considerably

suggested that a big display of this ment meetings are made a part of the above the average for the region.

still further is in progress That Scoutmaster program.material the June Doman be made during M. Scout

sight is indicated the substantial by secretary to President was formerly If VanguardI. A. Conference. Commissioners and Leaders will collect the Rey L. Pratt of the Mexican Mission. growth being registered where the new

Priesthood Correlation plan to City Aaronic send it Salt Lakematerial and is functioning. Reports are now being delegates stake orwith their ward

theto Conference the June Vanguard Newdale Ward Enlists receivedthe boys fromof Vanguardwards whereand 100%Scout ageof will of the General Boardcommittee provide a place and arrange for the Every,Boy are registered, while the average among of boys throughout the Church Utah is felt its It supervision.display and troop the of Scout Boy is QFFICIALS estimated to be approximately a will that impetus display such add the in of Fremont Newdale Ward 50%. ento the and Vanguard movement

cited special are Stake for being is menIt confidently that expected with all stake to groupscourage and ward officials the tion of Peaks Teton all by in surveys completed the wards and those the of splendid examplesemulate this in Council. has troop ward The correlation in operation plan new in led the program. out havewho enlisted every age and of Scout boy will records be hundreds made and

Should a Scout be Compelled outstandingthe program results.is going Addforwardone morewith ofof additionalscouting. boys given the advantage

to Become a Vanguard at 15? troop to the 100% honor roll. (Continued on page 369)

QUESTIONS being asked at the -"office of the General Board regarding Vanguard requirements indicate a misunderstanding of the program of advancement. While it is

true that the Vanguard program is the activity program of the Teacher's quorum it is not the intention that any boy should be forced to leave

Scouting and take up Vanguard work if he desires to continue in Scouting.

Many Scouts are looking forward to positions of leadership in the scout program. It is desired that they be

encouraged to do so as our source of leadership in the future. Past experience indicates that only a small percentage of boys over 15 will remain

in scouting. Those who do are usually so thoroughly interested in the

program that thev continue on and become leaders. It is obvious that

it is desirable to encourage such action. When such a young man is

advanced in the Priesthood he should (Continued on page 369) Four Eagle Scouts in One Family. (See March "Era")

368 The Improvement Era for April, 1932

answers correctly soon enough, the leader tries again with another girl.BeeHive Girls A good appetizer. "I am about

to tell you a story which is very inheart would expression Committee BeeHive BeeHive what work yHEtT I objects various teresting. name As A has Beeduring years; to the meant the past like attention to call two will the motions kindly make group

it can help during are the that years how Salute. to we proudHive We tfie to each illustrating use which

have a very distinctive salute, one that come, how a good BeeHive Girl will to be put, and all motions are continis so far as we know is used by no other always be a good Junior, Gleaner, ued to the end of the story."Then

organization. We wish to correct the etc.; and how,much each has enjoyed the story follows something like this:

description of the salute as given in working and playing together in the Last week I went traveling to the BeeHive Hand Book and ask that swarm. (name town). I went into the ten

the following be used as the official If all the swarms in your ward meet cent store to buy some scissors to social, their conjointly for try to Salute.BeeHive show scrap book, BeeHive complete my

the the symbolisms of "swarming"purchases. other course of some and Salute: BeeHiveThe the Gatherers a to hive go out new I so It a bought very day was warm right downpalm with hand Extend Juniors) the become (and Buildand (all right a fan At with hand). fan straight, under fingers thumbward, ers in the stay old hive and Nymphs I flute a another counter which saw this position in Raise handhand.. Gatherers (and Builders) become and I take attractive so obliged to was was inches three left breast about over select girls Assist to your and comleft flute it (all play with along (side hand, not of shoulder,below filling cells particularly mence adapted

. I I exit the near hands) came As raised elbow touching body)palm, fields in the time, for health of summer beusually noticed which something (heels be level should hand; to of canand which quite often annoying and outof-doors—those very comes to quickly (then together) drop hand filled the not be during I packages disgusting but winter—workbought two salute side. be should always The beelines ing earning merit toward and if as a (all for nickel chewing make briskly or snappy.given badges.

. clerk accommodating The gum)

Uses of the Salute: Begin arrangements for summer asked, "May I sell you something

outings. gatherings and summer all at salute head, be used I sadly should Better else?"shook but The my

together the girls keep all summer, seals, of receiving (all in awards times heads). I walkshake As "No"

if possible.

I of street Badges, in a BeeLines, Merit store wined award saw up the the Perhaps (all tread BeeHive be used with It should by machine a sewing Rank. Nymphs will invite you dow

visit their group. of to in giving the Pledge so strongly feet). girls always This reminded me

a service girl for to each do Help It be Flag. the so Allegiance to homeand mother of may made me my

to girl her belonging each other swarm; I superior a here. respect to of sick back hurried as a that used As I mark

a service to the do whole and swarm use it is officer; a to thing sat there Splendid house, the mother reached my

I. President. for the A. M. the favorite Beein repeating the salute the her front porch on when

Hive Girls'Promise, or Spirit of the rocking chair (all rock forward and

Hive. (See bottom of page 22, BeeGames (Suitable for Swarm Day or back) enjoying the sunset. I gladly

Hive Girls'Hand Book.) Social) sat down on the steps and relaxed

Teach your BeeHive girls the salute Train. Divide in threes, girl No. my tired muscles, and laughed.

and BeeHive formations now so that 2 back of No. 1 with her arms around

they will be thoroughly trained and No. 1's waist and girl No. 3 back Fremont Stake

make a fine dignified appearance at of girl No. 2 with her arms around

Swarm Day. No. 2's waist. No. 1 is the engine, EIGHTEEN BeeHive Girls of the

The BeeHive Committee would No. 2 the baggage car and No. 3 the First Ward of Rexburg, Fremont

like to recommend that some sort of caboose. Form in a circle with the Stake, together with their leaders, enflag ceremony be used at the Swarm engines facing in. Have one or two tertained their mothers at a delightful

Day exercises in every stake, at least tramps trying to get a ride on a train. Christmas party during the holidays

that all of the BeeHive girls give the If the tramp succeeds in hanging onto The officers of the M. I. A. were spePledge of Allegiance to the Flag, using the rear of the train, then the engine cial guests. A very interesting prothe BeeHive salute. The BeeHive becomes a tramp and must try to get gram included an address to the mothformation should be used where pos- a ride. The trains may turn around ers, a vocal solo, a talk on "The Life

sible. The Pledge of Allegiance should in either direction to avoid the tramps, of the Bee,"a violin solo, a reading

be given as follows: but must not move out of the space and a duet. Each mother was presentEvery girl facing the flag; take pocovered by the circle formation. If ed with a boudoir doll as a favor and

sition for salute as described above. your group is extra large form two received a painted plaque. The parAs the words "to the flag"are reor more circles. ty was immensely enjoyable to the

peated she extends her hand from Crossed Answers. Form in circles mothers, who expressed appreciation

shoulder, palm upward toward the of about eight girls. One goes into for the interest taken in their girls and

flag and holds it in 'that position until the center as leader. She places her for the valuable instruction they were

she has finished repeating the Pledge hand on one part of her body and receiving through the BeeHive work.

of Allegiance and then drops hand calls it some other part, indicating a side. quickly to (See Beepage 16"and is to (respond, girl who tries to A Bee Song Keeper's of Allefor Pledge Book girl answers the other ten before count

giance). by placing her hand on the part called (Suggested by the slogan on the Word of

The Calendar shows all Guides, and calling it the part indicated. For Wisdom)

right her places leader social, the except the completed by example—the cities hives. as are monster The says: left "This and hip April, her end for of the Gatherers on hand air sunlit the They

6, 1, 2, 4, 5, 3, eye,"right Builders. are and to Nymphs The is my lives the of million 7, With hummingfill

have Guides XXX, XXXI and 8, 9, 10."The girl indicated points That gather treasure there.

XXXII during May. Here are some to her right eye and says, "This is

suggestions for Gatherers and Builders, my left hip."If the leader succeeds Some build them marblepillared cells

provided they are up to schedule. in counting ten before the girl gives That hold but emptiness.

Have a "summing up"night, sort the correct answer they exchange places Some, humble homes that overflow of a testimony meeting of heart to and proceed as before. If the girl With sweet to cheer and bless.

The Improvement Era for April, 1932 369

While on the plains of all the world the library for his second daughter.

Are shadow hives, the shells She pleased him only slightly be'tter cities ruined a whereOf the eldest she daughter, for was blight than Index to Advertisers cells. the robbed Has honey the to sent the king too slender. Then

O gather glory, fun, or fame, garden for his youngest, most beautiful Company Page please. prince gold gallant Whatever daughter. young you The American Smelting > Refining375

distils beauty's But of wealth who the youngest, by was so charmed most Beet Sugar 375 surely as the bees? So that immediately beautiful he daughter

Life Ins Back Cover Co her Beneficial for the king terrible old asked "Columbine, hollyhock, and Bennett Glass Paint 380 Co & terrible old marriage. hand in The tossing free And bluebell

Then glory in our wings to fly. king gladly consented. The wedding Bureau of Information 373

Our eyes to sense and see. was a gorgeous affair with the eldest Continental Oil Company 382

as Deseret Building the daughter middle daughter Society 373 and butterfly dazzling dance,"The may all enjoyvery bridesmaids, and had a Deseret Press News 378 die cold. dearth and mid Then

the festivities. at the able time Then Fleischmann's Yeast 377 not grudge the beetlefolk doWe

Their burrows in the mold. gallant young prince took the youngGranite Furniture Co 369

his est, beautiful onto daughter most J. Grant, Heber 373 Co the us beautiful, unto "But his to her horse, rode with away and Hardesty Mfg. 377 Co Where'er chance, path our may ever happily $ived castle they and

sunlight the scent Boiler Kewanee andThe of flowers, Corp 379 loud, after. are beats, and hoof (The old inheritance."Our Fuel Knight Company fade gradually away)

L. D. S. Business College 370—O we who watch their certain flight 374

On beauty's sunlit trail, Continued from McCune School of Music &

How could we wish to dim our sight, Vanguards page 367 Art 37

Or cause to halt and fail be permitted to affiliate himself with Mitchell's Beauty Shoppe 376

The shining wings God gives to us his quorum in all quorum duties and New Grand Hotel 380

To carry us afar, activities, at the same time retaining Parry S3 Parry, Inc 383 loveliness, In wisdom, and strength, his connection with Scouting. Quish! School of Beauty Culare. all His Where wonders

ture I 378—Anna Musser.

Continued from Ramshaw Hatcheries 371 The Terrible Old King. Divide the Boy Scouts page 367 Roal Laundry, The 382

five into terriblegroup councils, Idaho in Sears are The which Roebuck divisions—the 377 Co &

his eldest king, hisold daughter, midregion 11, similar gains. have made Skaggs, P. O. System 375

his dle daughter, daughter, youngest the In several council Teton Peaks University of 383 Utah gallant the story, prince. this Telland registered have wards of every boy Utah Gas 372 Coke Co % is in the each as story personand menage. Scout Eastern Idaho Area The of School Utah High Beauty arises thetioned so and group named has Council shown phenomenal 3 8 Culture the followingmakes acknowledggrowth. In these councils both pf

Oil Refining Utah terrible Co says, the old kingment: the is correlation plan under and way

"g-r-r-r-r,"eldest the Inside daughter Cover Back who indications are that results splendid is says, rather stout "kerplunk,"(Co Light * 376 Power Utah the will follow. Falls council, The Twin

is thin daughtermiddle very who State National 381 Bank also includes a which number of M. Utah

whistles, the beautiful youngest, most College State Agricultural Utah I. is also troops splendid A. making

galdear,"says thedaughter "oh and Front Covet Inside progress.

lant prince 'ah-h-h."says young like a looks year for Z. C. M. I 379 1932 banner

far, a in a time country Once upon

I. in scouting the M. A.

a terrible there livedfar old away, king (group 1 arises and says g-r-r-r) who had three beautiful daughters, (kerplunk, whistle and oh dear), and nearby lived a gallant young prince (a-h-h). They were very happy to- <BOME TO APRIL.

gether in their great castle, but the terrible old king wished that his daughters were happily married. Oneafternoon when the terrible old king CONFERENCE

was on the balcony.overlooking the WHILE HERE MAKE THE

country below he heard hoof beatsapproach. At first they were hardly GRANITE FURNITURE COMPANY

discernible (tap feet lighty on floor) YOUR HEADQUARTERS but gradually they grew louder and louder. The terrible old king hastily Rest in easy chairs, use our telephones and obtain any desired information

put his field glasses to his eyes and without charge.

discovered that it was the gallant You may be interested in one or more pieces of furniture, a new rug, linoleum young prince who lived nearby. He for the kitchen or some other articles for the Home.

quickly sent to the music room for If this be true, we are sure you will find what you want at the price you his.eldest daughter, and when the will want to pay at the Granite.

prince has reached the castle the king and his eldest daughter were at the REMEMBER! You will always save money on good furniture at the

front door to welcome him. But the

gallant young prince was not particularly impressed with the eldest Granite Furniture Company daughter, and politely shook his head 1050 East 21st So. Hyland 676

and whispered that she was too plump.

Then the terrible old king sent to

370 The Improvement Era for April, 1932

M. I. A. Accomplishments, January,4932

S3 Si, 2/3 avfia! fifi

enrollnducted H fct-2 having cusskm ibership

Ball date 0 ram S.5 ose in o.S S 5 11 con- -fi of 3 Wards wh.fi 3 O G

their during 5 No.ducting p, S B*m -n 3!OT3 JOCO o>*< acfc(CJ halfhour the Mfi c

attendance s Wards to tivity period > uCO 5 of 1? >0] 03 oj u folin the groups +J,fi

to lowing <H & rt CO CC to to O more of 08 ft 0)M o bo ige 0-fi nt si. Gi 01 bOS a}—h ft

o5 3'Jj| 5 oi c *s #.S So 4)ii5 ft

fi u ua thSJB c '3 I DO 9 j Per Month a YL 1 |YM YL YM YL YM YL YM Pi2 ft,? SduQ03 O

8 8 60 5 4 2 4 6 7 6 5 3 6 8 7 11 7 Alberta 6* 5 6 72 6 6 6 B 5 5 6 1 B 6 6 6 5 5 Alpine 4 6 30 3 3 4 4 4 7 9 8 "4 "8 "2 < '7 82 I 6 2 "i 8 5 6 9 11 10 10 Bear Lake Pays for a, j 12 12 80 6 "b 4 3 8 9 11 10 12 12 11 7 12 12 3* 9 8 6 71 7 6 8 9 7 11 4 9 2 14 12 14 11 2 2 2 1 1 50 1 1 1 2 2 2 5 "2 "4 3 4 5 50 2 2 3 4 2 4 5 6 I * 1 "8 \ 8 95 3 4 6 3 "is 6 "e Complete 14 1 2 3 2 2 2 2 1 2 1 3 5 7 4 "4 "7 "7 7 8 3 73 B 4 4 7 8 6 5 6 8 10 "9 11 11 12 8 85 9 2 12 12 10 12 13 18 Boxelder b 7 7 b 3 5 6 5 6 7 4 7 7 6 7 8 8 8 Cache j I Commercial b 5'i 87 2 4 5 7 5 6 8 8 10 3 5 4 1 1 4 60 5 3 4 2 5 "'3 I "3 "4 "8 "8. 5 5 10 55 2 8 5 I 9 3 10 9 10 10 Cottonwood

1 1 1 1 1 2 2 100 1 1 2 2 1 2 4 2 6 Curlew "9 8 10 3 4 6 6 40 8 7 6 10 8 12 Training 5 5 B.... 4 50 3 3 4 4 4 5 11 4 4 Duchesne * 8 1 90 3 7 9 4 7 4 9 10 11 East Jordan

3''i4 5 5 46 2 3 3 4 3 6 6 5 9 6 8 6 10 I Emery I 4 8 52 4 4 4 8 8 6 7 8 8 7 5 8 8 8 at including membership 10 10 75 4 6 4 3 6 10 9 j 10 10 11 Franklin 14 14 5 75 12 5 8 7 13 10 11 14 14 14 "6 "7 8 8 5 2 75 4 4 4! 5 6 "i 7 8 8 8 7 Garfield Deseret Gymnasium the | 4 8 7 4 5 B 76 7 7 7 10 10 10 Granite * 7 9 12 9 75 4 8 9 11 12 10 "s 12 13 13 14 12 Grant

I * 12 12 3 61 4 6 5 11 8 8 7 7 12 14 12 14 14 Hollywood i Ii 1 3 4 4 7 5 4 5 5 6 2 7 5 5 10 5 1 5 3 3 20 3 3 3 4 3 4 5 3 2 3 5 13 Idaho

H 7 4 8 6 88 5 8 9 6 10 4 3 10 12 12 12 Falls 12 Idaho b b 2 2 3 75 3 fi 4 5 4 5 5 Juab 4 3 2 2 8 3 5 3 5 3 6 4 7 Kanab "3 "3 *2 *3 4 s 5 70 5 2 5 5 2 5 5 Kolob 3 2 92 1 2 2 3 3 4 6 9 S. "5 L. 3 D. 1 3 75 4 B 4 5 4 2 7 5 Lehi * 7.- 5 9 10 ii 9 10 7 12 12 12 11 ii 10 13 5u Liberty * 7 9 I 6 2 6 8 6 9 5 5 10 11 9 9 11 11

I 9 6 10 9 8 85 4 6 8 7 10 5 10 11 11 11 10 Angeles Los 4 1 5 31 3 1 1 3 5 2 4 5 3 5 1 7 3 1

| 7 9 7 3 2 50 3 4 4 5 6 8 9 9 Malad * 11 11 7 B 7 6 80.... 6 10| io 11 ii ii Maricopa Business b.... 5 4 2 3 5 4 5 5 6 "2 "5........ | 1 2 1 1....2 2 1 3 86 1 5 8 5 "b Minidoka

6 I 6 3 5 85 5 4 2 6 4 4 4 6| 7 7 6 7 9 Moapa 8 2 8 53 4 2 2 1 5 6 5 8 9 4| 10 8 10 14 Montpelier.... | 6 6 4 5 3 5 3 6 8 Morgan 3"

| 8 3 i 72 3 4 3 2 3 2 3 4 3 4 5

1 6 1 4 4 4 35 4 4 7 5 2 6 7 College 8 "5 i * 5 B 2 2 44 1 1 2 "fi 4 2 7 "3 "5 5 i B 5 88 3 3 3 5 "b 5 3 4 5 5 5 5 Sanpete North

1 3 90 4 4 3 1 3 2 2 2 4 3 4 4 4 4 4

1 * 11 4 12.... 2 8 9 7 8 6 Enter Any Monday 12 12 |14 North Weber

b 1 11 3 92 9 4 9 11 5.... 10 9 12 12 12

i 1 3'* 1 3 1 2 3 3 3 2 3 6 River Lost

| 9 9 3 3 [ B3 3 4 4 5 8 3 2 8 9 9 2 9

1 9 9 5 6 4 6 3 8 B 6 6 11 10 11 11 11 10 Oneida

1 4 6 4 5 | 100 B 4 B 1 6 6 6 5 4 6 3 6 5 9 9 9 7.... 8 8 4 6 3 3 75 1 *! 8 8

1 4 1 3 4 3 3 3 4 2 2 54 4 4 6 5 4 6 6 Panguitch

1 7 9 1 4 3 4 6 25 3 6 8 2 11 11 11 College Parowan L. D. S. Business

1 1 * | 4 6 4 4 4 4 2 3 68 5 6 6 11 "6 "4 "4 1! 8 3 3 8 70 6 3 8 8 3 7 6 8 10 8 Pocatello

! are constantly 1 6 1 graduates 2 5 3 4 6 5 5 3 5 95 6 6 6 8 8 8 Portneuf

8 1 1 4 4 1 5 6 5 "5 1 | 1 Raft River 1! 3 "4 3 10 7 76 10 7 4 1 4 8 10 13 7 i'o 6 t""3 I Rigby in I demand.

.... 6 1 4 3 3 4 2 6 4 5 5 12

b 3 5 4 2 2 2 6 6 8 9 1*15 St. George

7 3 4 5 1 6 3 4 3 79 { 7 7 9 1*17 Shelley

I 1 6 1 4 1 3 7 2 2 7 7 1 10 Snowflake former pf I Thousands

| B 4 5 70 6 4 6 8 6.... 8 8 8 |*I7 Davis South

j 1 |.... |........ 4 7 7 7 17 Sanpete South....'

1 * j tell 6 6 will 90 you. 4 4 2 4 7 6 students 7 7 6 8 4 8 7 8 Sevier South

6 i*| T 11 11 3 6 2 85 11 8 1!| 11 7 6 11 111 Valley Star

1 3 5.... | 1.... 58 4 4 5 3 6 6 B2|1| lis Summit

1 4 1 4 1 3 4 2 80 4 4 7 1|3|2

i "8 | S. * Training R 13 D. 4 90 "L, 9 7 10 "s 13 10 13 7|4I6 13 10 Salt Lake

i 3 3 2 1 2 3 3 2 2 2 2 3 2 4 112

1.... 8 13I 1 8 3 1 8 3 2 6 2 6 3 2 6 3 7 8 Cost! 1 Doesn't 2! 50 2 3 2 1 1 3 4 2 1 12 13 4 3 12 12 St. Johns

! | | 8 10 95 9 8 10 10 8 10 10 8 10 10 10 10 *l 16 10 St. Joseph I B 1 5 1 4 1 80 4 1 3 B 1 1 5 5! 6 5 2 6 1614 Taylor 1*16!

|! b 1 1 6 1 *| 5 3 2 3 75 1 4 6 5 5 1 5 2 6 6 6 Timpanogos 1 6 I 1 1 1.... | 1........ PAYS".... IT 1 1........ 1 1 1 1 4 Tintic 4 ""7

1 | 6 2 1 7 1 2 1.... 50 2| 5 7 I.... 2| 110 13 Tooele

I 8.... 1 3.... 75.... 1 2 1 2 |13 3 4 Falls Twin

'1 * 9 1 9! 1 50 7 8 3 3 8 1 6 9 9 6 10 18 18 TTint.ah! I

The Improvement Era for April, 1932 371

M. I. A. Accomplishments, January, 1932 asaagaassEccasssgfflgj

1 1 CO p. T3 C M

l! I 11 boj fi3

!-3 *2 H 173 i > J OJ *iu*fi Increase -3 3 uJij toi> rt do,C S3qj T3 3 t3 c ti 4 v T3 m X i IV03 -13 fa M m s of conNo Wards 3 faOl a ou p <D O P c Your ducting Musical Skill 1) during, i ** mm ClO the halfhour acB0CO fa fi Mfi t C P fa a> fa tivity period OS! > p c in folThis as o groups the t atte Summer W. j= OPi 1 QQ b lowing - 11 i

more 03 03 03 O * of -r-l fJ ge 01K o T3 nt faT3. J3 a In the 1932 ej. faKi fac6;McCune (3faboO Summer o i>< o 2 fac 2uj 15 ft sS-S fao |83 P Session, PS Pa I private lessons in applied

I bo music (piano, voice, CJ violin and i*5l.2 c to t>'Ssi rHV other instruments) 3.'be may fi arYM [YL YM!YL YM YL|YM YL|

&h 5 A faP ranged to continue 0Qa through the S!Q

i entire summer * or 1 during 1 a i 5 1 7 3 partWayne 4 4 [ 4 4 75 i.>'f;q * qWeber 9 6 3 6 1 4 J 64 7 9| of it. i t; 4,\ * fi 9 r 2Union 6 6 6 6 | 5 2 6 80 6

x, q q q qUtah 4 9 g 4 9 6 6 4 | 8 6 2 70 7 i 1 p 4 qWasatch Special 1 1 4 6 9 7 1 six- x 7 9 | 50 9 week in courses * 9 R 1 Jordan 5 5 7 4 RWest I 7 7 5 7 2 82 5 71 Theory of Music t | 1 4Woodruff 4 subjects 3 4 A 3? 4 4 89 will 8 3 4

* t 4Yellowstone 8 6 7 10 8 4 4 6 1 6 7 6 8 70 8 be presented from June 6 to t 9 9 9 4 1Young 1 1 s 2 2 'Zion 7 Park 1 5 6 5 July 3 5 3 5 6 4 4 16. fi 4 5 6

1California Mission 43 34 2i 31 17 19 20 13 29 | 18 15 22 16 16 97 31 33 28

|.... 1 6 MissionCanadian 5 8 4 3 3 3 | 3 4 fi 4 5 1 50 Write for our booklet of summer.... | [ Mission 23Hawaiian 12.... 20 14....16 4 | 6 16 12 A?, 16 6 27 \ '>3

1 9 Q 14.... 1*i 10Northwestern 11 12 10 18 11 j 14 16 13 75....14 22 22 courses.

|. fl 1 4 4Texas 1 1 3 | 1 13I 1 33 4

t.... | States 7.... Mission..Western 5 1 5 2 2 2.... | 2 5I....I! 65 5 4 *

*Stake. i

I

from Continued 1>'Community Activity t page 362 McCUNE i

Carbon Stake ed by the Queen and her little trainSchool of JVTusic (and Art Id

City, Utah

:HpHE Gold and Green Ball held this bearers,or and followedthe maidsby madethe maida completeof honSalt Lake

of /the hall, year returning Stake by the Carbon Music—Dance—Drama to M. I. circuit the j

castle. artistic The queen social carriedA. a an was triumph and bouquet hs i v of yellow i stngg. 8. acgiBslj Ophelia asas a financial fifteen one. roses well tied Over with

gold Tulle. The in attendance, people werehundred dainty maids wore """'fn—""'- -mnoMfc u -"BK>*.r|-<a wrist corsagesthe largest of Ophelia in the roses. assembled crowd ever This

Silver Moon Ballroom, where the was followed by the Gold and Green dance took place. Dance by the Queen and Maids and

their partners, following of preparation preceded "Months which came There is the Contest Dance, 'Senoritathe roses affair. Materials for paper Mia,'

were placed in the hands of Mutual open to contestants from all wards girls all over the stake and over 12,- in Carbon Stake, which brought to000 roses for decorations were made. a climax a lovely evening."Satisfaction

The publicity committee started acintivities full three before the weeks dance. a egg basket. But San Stake Juan

skit, the advertising and Gold GreenA this doesn't just j happen,

Ball, Lillian written Mrs. B. by Monticello I. pHE Ward M. A.

Production of large, white eggs and j allStookey, in presented was Mutuals Gold and Green ball annual held plenty of them is another thing thatin stake the the night. same on AnFriday evening in the auditorium was doesn't just happen.

lapel night, cardsother announcing a big success a delightful and event.

all distributedthe at dance were hall MuThe attractively was decorated Cockerel Breeding tuals, later also at the and in I. High the M. A. colors of green and accounts for 50% of

School. Window cards, automobile gold, with a large M. I. A. in the these things.

stickers and screen advertisements comcenter streamers run to each corner The male birds heading the breeding pens of the Timpanogos andpleted Ramshaw publicity. the to decorated booths where the displays

Hatcheries are from trapnested hens ballroom was transformed "The the inshowing activities and work of laid that 225 or more ounce, two pureto of roses gold a bower and class and each were exhibited. white in eggs twelve months.

castle, hangings,green a with huge contest dance, The "Senorita Mia,"painted by Mrs. Stephen A. Olsen, at was given in a very creditable manner. Buy Fresh Hatched

eastthe hall. the end of proceeds this of The will party be Production Bred, Mountain Bred, and a applause, of round the sent "Amid to the missionaries from MontiAcclimated chicks. They are your (chosen thequeen from cello ward having and realized Ward $35.00 was assurance of flock. a moneymaking

largestthe percentage of attendance this for purpose. success of the The

at Meetings) appeared Union from party was possible loyal made by patTIMPANOGOS castle.the and long gold The crown ronage of liberal the crowd and contrain which fell from the shoulders, tributions in other ways, especially HATCHERY

were placed upon the Queen by the from the orchestra, the management Provo, Utah

Maid of Honor. The procession headof the hall and the San Juan Record.

RAMSHAW HATCHERIES Note: Many other excellent reports of Gold and Green Balls were received at the

Era office too late for this page. We appreciate the information and regret our $alt Lake City, Utahinability to print it here—Editor.

372 The Improvement Era for April, 1932

[Beauty in the HomeContinuedpage from345 them at normal in a decorative scheme, selves they symbolize life; yellow /sugbut by properly graying them they gests the buoyance of morning; red, MODERNIZE can be combined artistically. Suppose the passion and heat of noon; blue,

we develop a scheme from these two the calm of night. When these hues

your colors for a library having another are used together, naturally one or exposure. Naturally, we would emtwo of them must be very grayed.

phasize the warmer color, red. With Home a neutral background, say warm taupe,

the rug could be a deeper taupe or a Sources of Inspiration for with very dull..red. The upholstery could Color Schemes

be patterned in dull greens with a little red and black. Masses of red, A FTER a study of the different

say for portieres should be softened kinds of color harmonies, domor./grayed. Silk overdraperies could inant, contrasting and analagous, there

show a design in dull; reds and greens is a certain joy and satisfaction in

on a taupe ground. More intense looking for suggestions for color

reds or greens could be used in small schemes.

amounts. First, we may follow those who

Non - complementary harmonies, have already worked out beautiful composed of two /colors worked out harmonies, and study the work of in tints are especially good for bedgreat artists, and of great weavers.

rooms. A room in shades of violet At about the same time when the

artists placing of Italy were master depressing, and red but be would WithGASthe low Natural Gas new their harcolor glowing canvas upon daintiness the of imagine a young girl's rates the attractive opporand tunity to modernize your heating bedroom decorated; in delicate rose and monies, the master weavers of France

facilities offered by your Natural lavender, or in pale green and lavender. were developing upon their looms

Gas Company, there is no need to The same rule holds good when three harmonies in Gothic tapestries, and wait longer to enjoy years of colors are used, referred to as a triad the products of the rug weavers in the clean, healthful, dependable, aucolor scheme; each color would of far east were being brought into Eutomatic, stokeless smokeless and These the rope. of be grayed. Or one your heat in home. necessity Natural Gas for their Nature used colors could be neutralized and greatinspiration-—soartists turned weto

likewise. do may while the of the background room For,Only, as beautiful Oriental rug in which A other the could be more two colors

intense and used in small amounts. one color dominates; a piece of up-

$2.10 Asee colorused todaycombinationis that ofwhichgreen,youpurplewill asholstery,the startingor a pointfine pictureof a colormayschemeserve

a month. oneand ofsomethe triadstone andof orange.may be charmingThis is fortral a tonesroom.of Choosethe rug alwaysor picturethe neufor

a fully automatic homeheating when the values and intensities are the walls, floor, and ceiling for they in be installed the furniture the for system may background orange, green are your carefully chosen. This furnace. small This present there. the Repeat and people who live is often spokcombination rental and purple represents a amount

on applied the be charge which predominant may triad. Indian Another en of as the of price purchase the new au- a upholstery,, keeping.color in thedraperiesbright and is yelthe red, blue and at combination Furnace Gas Natural tomatic

any time. low called the < Chinese triad. Somenotes for the accessories. In this way

will the or picture beauty of the rug automatic have an You may last this see scheme Natimes one may installed heater water tural Gas Ever to best advantage. be emphasized the of Chinese taking a deep form out obligation with in your home

nowfor 30fordays,a firstor ifpaymentyou wishofto onlybuy spotsblue rug,of lacquercream redcoloredin furniturewalls andand socolorsoftenandthereextremearises apatternsvogue forin strongdecor- $5.00.

Inquire about COMPLETE NAaccessories. ative work. While rooms must have

TURAL. GAS SERVICE for all color and design, if they are to be

refrigeration, cooking, automatic and heating. water heating

convenient, It is III. Analagous Harmonies interesting,us against using/good themtaste tooshouldfreelyguardand efficient, economical,

fast, clean and more satisfactory. in crude and unlovely combinations.

'TpHESE harmonies are produced by using colors which are closely related, that is, they are neighbors on Nature the Source of the color wheel, as orange, yellowInspiration orange and yellow. Such a color

scheme could be used successfully in f\NE need never be at a loss for a dining room with northern exposure. r appropriate color harmonies for

A. dark value of orange, say a warm Nature always blends her colors beaubrown, would suggest the color of the tifully, whether in the mist gray landrug, the walls and ceilings Would be scape or a gorgeous sunset. We may

Natural Gas is done in light values of yellow. Silk transfer this beauty into our home,

Smokeless and overdrapes could show a design in if we will but study Nature's open

Stokeless orange and yelloworange on a yellow book.

UTAH GAS & COKE CO. moniestint background.in tints make Analagouscharming colorharis Infullall ofthe practicalseasons of colorthe year,harmoniesNature

OGDEN GAS CO. schemesand violet.for bed rooms, as blueviolet, decorativethat may schemes.be translatedTheintosilverinteriorgreen

WASATCH GAS CO. decorationSome coloristsis completehave unlesssaid allthatthreeno pinkand grayiofof half openedpussywillowspeach budsor theagainstpale

primaries are utilized, because in them- a pale blue sky are a few of the many

The Improvement Era for April, 1932 373

suggestions offered by the delicate tints of early Springtime which could be usedvin dainty bedrooms. Or, again,

a yellow tulip might be the source of inspiration for an analagous color THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE scheme in yellow, yellowgreen and green. We would select the deepest Are Happy Today

is green the in which stem found of For having invested -with us for the the tulip the of color rug;

the soft, light green peculiar to tulip leaves.for the walls with ceiling and DO YOU KNOW pale ivory. of woodwork The curtains at the windows may be of dainty of any stock that is as good today as it was two years ago?

yellow marquisette, or mulle unFOR 26 YEARS OUR STOCK HAS NOT SOLD BELOW PAR the side bleached drapes muslin, while could be of cretonne, which repeats Shareholders have received dividends Regularly throughout this period.

the yellow and yellowgreen of the tulips in the floral design; or a plainmaterial, a little darker than the curDeseret Building Society

tains, could be used for the side drapes "Old Reliable People's Company"with a stencil border of convention44 South Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah alized tulips. The furniture could Assets over $2,000,000.00

be enameled a pale or in in ivory de- 6% AND SAFETY is BETTER than 10% PERHAPS decorated grayed with green and signs of conventional tulips to match Invest 50c to $100.00 per month at your option.

the drapes. Please mention the Era when requesting information

In the deeper tones of summer we find harmonies for living or dining rooms. The brown of earth suggests

the color of the rug. The grayed

yellow and gold of nearby grain fields may be repeated an the walls and the mist covered, distant grain fields, which is the lightest value, could be A LITTLE LIGHT used for the ceiling and perhaps the A little light on your insurance will undoubtor bluegreens green orchard of an serve as subtle colors for edly reveal the fact that you are greatly undertree may drapes and upholstery. Or again the insured. Think what it would mean if fire

same scheme may suggest a cheerful destroyed your property.

color scheme of the taupe color of tree lighter the for values, trunks rug with ceiling.for walls and windows The UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

would be distinctive in overdrapes of See our agent in your town.

blue, the color of the sky and curtains of grayed gold suggested by the ripHEBER J. GRANT CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

ened grain.

Autumn produces a wealth of mellow harmonies with values of orange, bronze, rich reds and russets which transferred into color schemescould be decorating used in the to be of the Individual Sacrament Sets Always in living room, library <or a man's bedroom. How many times have you Stock ***

wished that you might have lived i your whole life in the hills with the Tray with 36 Glasses.

restful of and quiet beauty autumn.

inLet us spend or so an hour one of $18.50

the nearby canyons and see for ourExtra Glasses, Per selves just to offer. has what nature Doz.,$1.25

of dried abundance and weeds The willows suggests a neutral value for Bread Baskets, the wall paper of a living room or $9.50

library. the values deep of From

Best in the Market thethe oaks cue for autumn we take suggests a richtonedthe rug which

Oriental. be of a 36 Tumblers Made of Very Best Lead Glass in Each Tray would The drapes

lighter value of dull red to harmonize. RECOMMENDED BY PATRONS. REFERENCES FURNISHED

especially L. S. Churches, for successfully in and D. used Utah and silkCurtains of pongee would

all also region, give IntermountainMade States, in in the Missions Europe, United Pacific and a soft light at the windows. Silver, Islands. metal, Nickel Basic The heavily plated Silver. with.Solid

furniture could be upholstered in graySIMPLE, SANITARY, DURABLE ed greens, deep browns or dull reds. i Satisfaction guaranteed. Inquiries cheerfully answered

The fireplace would give icharacter tothe room if laid with tapestry bricks BUREAU OF INFORMATION in values of brown against which a Temple Block Salt Lake City fireset of dull brass would seem 374 The Improvement Era for April, 1932

friendly. A lamp shade in tan or F. Coolwarmcolorscolors.are more restful than

yellow, a piece of redorange pottery, T. F. Blue is a receding color.

a Spanish jug in green or greenbronze T. F. Redadvancingand orangecolors. are warm or Nature Never Made, would complete the symphony. T. F. Rooms with cool exposures are

comfortable more decorated in a slightly warmif Nor Has Man hasEvena trainedin bleakcolorwinter,sense, natureto one offerswho generallycolor scheme.

colors to use are easier in interior decoration than somecolors. grayed Discovered Finer countlessfound in theharmoniesgreen, brown,which andcan graybe T. F. Brightwhat

in bright red T. F. Bright green and of violet evergreens; the of blue and Fuels Than used not be should equal amounts in the gray shadows on the snow; together.

heavy snow clouds combined with the T. F. Harmony produced by the use

mist covered colors of a winter sunset. ofcolorcolorschartnextis eachcalledothertriadon harthe

The proper employment of colors mony.

harKNIGHT harmony ex- T. F. Complementary the simplest is perhaps and least

colof the use is obtained by mony the sinbeautifying pensive of means in other opposite each ors circle. and of giving terior of a home

tan in furnished brown, room T. F. Acolor Spring distinction the and interest. Whenit bothclose example would be an cream and

color scheme. Monochromatic decorain observed to has be

sage walls, tan with room 10. T. F. Aof tion, to take rich colors bemiade may furniture and rug, green walnut Canyon economy exorchid be hangings would a an materials. rich the place of With

triad. of the Chinese ample

of pink mauve bouquet and 11. T. F. A

analagous be peas would sweet AND wiseveloususeresults.of color oneOn canthe achieveother handmarharmony. can expenditure, unstinted one with Areas"of to the "Law

is failure if there dismal no 12. T. F. According produce in used brilliant colors should be

small quantities. color. of guiding knowledge Good ROYAL

against us using taste should guard

Coals patternsstrong colorstoo freelyand ifextremewe wishvoguesto createof Answers (March)to Color Test an environment of beauty.

1. T 7. T 13. F

14. 2. T F Utah's From deepest coal 9. 3. 15. F T 8. FT <Test Objective 16. 4. T T F

5. 17. true; P, if false. (Place circle T around T, if seam, Knight Spring F T 10.11. CanCorrect answers will appear next month.) 6. F 12. F 18. T

yon Coal comes hard and straightgrained. It burns

'Santa Famiglia long with clean, intense Michel Angelo 9 s heat. Royal Coal is the Continued from

page 333 quickstarting, freeburn- I alive today, artistic achievement of ture. were If he ing coal that leaves so litmightiest

replace think he the ages. it by a would

tle ash or soot. The guides point out the archisimpler one.

Call your Knight Spring tectural and crowded character of I do not think he had any other the composition of the Holy Famobject in mind than space filling

Canyon and Royal Dealer. ily, how the three heads fall into when he put the five nudes in the

a triangle and how the figure of background. He had some blank

Mary in the lower part of the piccanvas of an awkward shape. He

ture also forms a triangle. They was not a painter and could not

draw attention to the modeling of do landscape. He was one of the

the drapery. They try to weave world's mightiest draftsmen and

Biblical significance into the nude sculptors, and he could fill his figures in the background and tell spaces superbly with figures. That

you that they are probably prophis reason enough for all but puny ets and sybils (they are all five minds.

men!) and point out that the inIt was simply the custom in

*fh fant John is used for transition Italian art to put in the little Saint between the Old and New TestaJohn.

ments. I will admit that as color—as Then they elaborate on the artoday we know color—the Holy

chitectural and sculpturesque qualFamily is not particularly fine. It

ities of the very ornate frame, is not of the color quality of Anwhich is the original frame degelo's contemporary, Del Sarto;

KNIGHT FUEL CO. signed by Angelo himself. sidebut itotherdoes Florentinenot have topaintings.blush be-

"VTOW, I will admit all their The drapery is cast iron.

ROYAL GOAL GO. criticisms and add some What then, have we left?

L. E. Adams, General Agent others. The frame would make a

8 1 8 Newhouse Building handsome bit of jewelry, but An- A YOUNG woman, masculine

Salt Lake City, Utah gelo made the same mistake that in strength, turning and reachmany artists still do; his frame ing over her shoulder to the most

competes in interest with his picadorable and commanding little

The Improvement Era for April, 1932 375

Christ I have ever seen on canvas, a Christ whose lovely baby hands rest on her head in benediction.

I have never been able to understand why men would paint the UTAH

Madonna as a woman too sweet to have any character. Prettiness

is not beauty. Angelo's Madonnahas not sweet prettiness; rather she BEET SUGAR

is with magnificent endowed strength and intelligence, and with UTAH'S FOREMOST AGRICULTURAL character befitting the mother of ASSET

Christ.

I would like to kiss the dear little hands that caress her hair. Deserves the Support of Every Loyal Utahn

And I am a coldly critical woman is nonebefore most pictures. Here is no Insist on it from iyour grocer—Therechild who might be mistaken for

a little girl. Here is a sturdy, better

squareshouldered little boy, as is also the young John whose head "Flavor with sugar and you flavor with beautifully rehealth"of the main subordinatedgroup—in toposethose

peats and emphasizes Mary's. The

young Christ is painted in the winsome bloom of a child freshly it—-

wakened from sleep. His hair is in

damp curls. He is a child fully conscious but and alert content in the American Smelting & Refining Company parents. of his secure love SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Michel Angelo was, as you

know, an old bachelor, never PURCHASERS OF blessed with a little child of his Gold, Silver, Lead and Copper Ore and Smelter Products own. The Joseph, whose fine Ore Purchasing Department, Seventh Floor McCornick Building

eyes, full of the wisdom of his Mining and Geological Departments, Sixth Floor McCornick Building mature years, are also centered on Consign all ore shipments to:

the child, is enough like the porAmerican Smelting and Refining Company traits of Michel Angelo to be Ship Lead Ores to Murray Plant, Murray, Utah painted from himself in his later Ship Copper and Siliceous Ores to Garfield Plant, Garfield, Utah years. Address correspondence as follows:

Regarding Shipments and Hand Samples to 700 McCornick Building

HPHERE are certain qualities and underlying principles which must go into any really great work of art. But an artist does not i.

sit down and figure them out like a problem in arithmetic. They are largely mathematical but they Everyday MarkDown

develop through years of experiprinciple by merchandising employed outstanding The ence become the very essence and: enables the stores is that P. which the 0. Skaggs System master. of the

So I do not think that in this buyer to receive cutrate prices, real saving prices, every II picture Michel Angelo consciously day in the week. It's true we frequently offer some items IE

set about being architectural or at unusually low prices, as a result of special purchases, a rhythmical. had He circular but our patrons know our regular, everyday prices are figures his superbcanvas and fitted Is

ly within its bounds. And there much less than most dealers'advertised "Specials". Ij

results a pattern that for shear design, with no symbolism at all, would be a joy forever. No music K

was ever composed with a finer IE rhythm. Start anywhere you will, QJ> &fficieSKAGGSfit Seroice

twisted the thewith mothbody of STO er, a fold a of drapery, or backfood "rei7grre77BySystem ground figure, and as by the pulse:

of a lovely waltz, you are carried "A Surety of Parity"back to the beautiful child around which the whole picture centers.

376 The Improvement Era for April, 1932

from—.Continuedpage 332 We Make Loveliness Lovelier $1 Godmother

GO TO polite replies, I'll tell you frankly every day to make those dreams

MITCHELL'S what's the matter with you. Do come true.

I first "I've deprived you remember myself of lunch me when BEAUTY SHOPPE years six for weeks, to this town, ago?"came in favor of a money For a Permanent Wave That You Will Like—From $3.00 to $6.50 "I do"—and again his rich Dresden lamp or the right kind of

supplies best Only voice wave guar- I've the closing implied of a door gloves. stayed from home

anteed, prices used—Everyinclude shampoo and

I parties a ordered times house filled on and with good when finger additional and shampoo wave—Anand

finger $4.00 with Permanent wave Waves, words. heart thought break would my

over. and I wanted anFINGER WAVING—50c Long Hair Dried 'Tell me what you remember."of loneliness, because

35c Short Hair Dried, 25c Not Dried "You went to business college. other sort of people around me,

MARCELLING 50c You put too much paint on your and I could wait for my good 10316 for Appointment Call Was.

Medical Arts Bldg., Salt Lake City, Utah cheeks and your nose was chalky times until I belonged with them.

to Salt Lake, plan to make you come I've When white. nearly stayed up until mornYour hair was awfully

headquarters. your our place ing red, it razzledazzled end, all over doing for months and on

your head. What have you done extra work to get a few more dolto your hair?"lars, and studying beastly law

Beyond passing a slim white courses so that I might get this hand over the shining satin waves promotion they've finally given

The Things I thatregardedmoldedhis question.her skull, Rachel disme. 3 I "Your memory is fiendish, was absently Mark. Tell me some more."braiding someM.ARKthreads he had pull- j Every House- "You wore skimpy little black ed from his sleeve. He started,

silk dresses with all kinds of bows as if the pause in her long, heated wife Wants and ruffles stuck on, and oftener conversation had taken him unthan not the seams would gap a awares. "What did you do to

little, then. fat hair?"your because he you fwere

get to did used and Dorothy you;you "What A pretty home, j And asked.do—to any-

a contented | class.the giggles and be put out of thatthing,sheMark?"should deignShe wasto furiousgo on,

family and I butish whatobstinatelyshe haddeterminedbegun toto say.finthroat Rachel's in well very "I, remember you more leisure. tore a sob into a hundred tall, little those were and days. You,

laughing"Mark—stop!shreds. Does everyone goodlooking,dressed. You'reand likenot thatvery now.well

is it You had a job in an architect's SWITCH TO ALLELEC- remember me that way, or

TRIC and you are well on just you? And why do you?"office, making thirty dollars a

your way toward realizing "Because, my dear, you possibly week. How much do you make

them. remember that I fancied myself benow, Mark?"Electric Cooking is clean; it coming the gallant cavalier who'd 'Thirtyfive dollars. But—saves time and it saves effort, lift you out of all those things into with a braggart flourish—"I work

half gorgeous giving freedom from the a half days."only

I as palace—probablythe details kitchen. Rachel's hard little words hurlnice as this—and

Electric Refrigeration prewas going to change for you seemed themselves like pebbles against vents food spoilage and ed to stick with me. I think I glass. "I earned sixteen dollars

waste, and protects the health felt a little sorry for you, because a week six years ago. Now I get

of the entire family. Dorothy had so much more ahead seventy. You used to take me to

rate, the for her. At any urge to carnivals tencent movies, and and Electric Heating Water service strong."very proknightly was sometimes and buy me chocolates vides a dependable, carefree

hot water service for every "That's just it!"Rachel was magazines. Now I'm regularly

need. Housework is made glad to veer the subject back to invited to the operas and the best

easy. the field she had prepared. "You're dramas, and have orchids and first

little transient forever If editions developing sent casually to me. call will bring our phone A I thing. a settled that urges never to /what had mean I had down representative to your home

letting I'd withthen, them slip have maraway undoubtedly And information. complete with

out an effort or a pang. I had ried myself to a thirtydollar-a-

dreams, too, Mark. I wanted inweek life, and been already like

dependence, and beauty all around poor Dorothy with even the pitiit is, I'm Utah Power 8 I alone—notme, and a chancepassingtoboardingbe gloriouslyhouse alreadyful counterfeitbehind me.of life'sAs beauties

Light Co. j gravylendingto myunpleasantbest silkstrangers,stockingsandto goingthing toin marrylife aI'veman worshipped.with everyEfficient Public Service Io Margie to wear to a dance. And, Money, culture, social position, a

Mark, I've worked every year and brilliant future! And one who

The Improvement Era for April, 1932 377 will regard me as more exquisitely priceless than the genuine old Italian tapestries he happens to possess."Eliminate Costly

"Congratulations,"said Mark, "to you both."Bridges—Install

tension was reTiHE Multiplate Pipe lieved now. Rachel laughed, a

privately amused laugh that someThe Giant Structure how ruffled the surface of ecstacy. For the Larger Waterways

"Don't say it too soon, Mark.

He hasn't yet the slightest idea Which.Requires

that I am going to marry him. No Maintenance

He likes me and does things for Once properly installed, these huge pipes made of heavy corrugated iron plates will me, but so far I've kept him at a serve for a lifetime without serious attention. Available in diameters of from 7J/2

rather formal pitch. I wanted feet to 10 feet, and in gauges of from 7 to 3.

first to have all this—a sort of

I wanted to have a litand assembling them at the installation site. Write for prices. ting—and setEconomies in handling and installation are effected by shipping the plates nested

tle time alone before I entered another deadly intimacy of having Hardesty Manufacturing Co. else someone living in the same

IDAHO SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH BOISE, 631 So. 327 Grove 3rd West house with me. But—here's the

confidencemother—he'sI holdgoing,for myto fairylove godme St.

quite madly, and eventually I shall marry him."

at All once the telephone became People of Utah and Adjacent States Know Now—More acute of importance to Rachel, and

it Pays to her need of hearing a certain voice Than Ever—That

over it an enveloping trance.

Mark's long legs, grotesque as they stretched themselves away Shop at from the low divan, annoyed her because Andrew's legs would never be so long. "And now I suppose you'd betSEARS

ter go, Mark. I'm expecting a

telephone call and perhaps a caller,and I really must have a few minand Save utes of that solitude this house was built to hold."

iOHE went on, "I shan't ask you to call and see me, because I know how thoroughly you've been disliking me. Youregard me as some sort of mercenSAY "GOODBYE"TO

ary adventuress, I don't doubt, and my sympathy with your atIntestinal Fatigue!

titude is not exactly effusive. But

it's fun to speak up frankly someConstipation robs you of the glowFleischmann's Yeast banishes contimes, isn't it? Goodbye, Mark. ing, vital health that is rightfully stipation, which is usually caused

Like an obedient child he had yours. It deprives by intestinal fatigue. It keeps the

risen, and collected the books and you of the joy of body clean and $ree from impuri-

.. ties. sysIt living peps whole up thepapers he dropped. had he <JrSfoJ Now

... strengthens* stimulates.nervescauses and, tem FUISCHMANNUstood the little door, before smiling YEAST the process eruptions, of elimination. Three I headaches,skin

as her. atdown WUWIll"VITAMINS 11BI0C*I-D-0(L0UO v\<o colds, of and cakes many every Fleischmann's Yeast

The sight of his long man's other common ailday will put you back '"on your feet, planted so undeniably in ments. feet". Try it!

front of her own door, made her wince again with a baffled sort of anger. He should never have come!He had scarcely talked at all, and FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST

certainly he had been careful to At Grocers', Soda Fountains and Restaurants take with him every visible sign that he had been there at all, and 378 The Improvement Era for April, 1932

more certainly than anything else she'd have to ask me for help!"

she now considered him duller than She talked on in jagged sequenshe had thought possible and ces, scarcely noting his replies!

would never wonder again if she "Aren't there institutions, had been quite right in all that Mark, to take care of things like his presence she had m this?

"I can't remotely consider takthe whole this done—yetcould mar room

bright day. It was as if a claim, ing them myself. They would

however brief and intangible, had never be allowed here, even if I already been fastened on the one had the six or seven extra rooms possession she had fought to keep for them, and I will not give up her own. this place.

"Here's a letter for you,"he re- "I never heard of anything quite marked, handing her a small white so impossible in my life. Does she

envelope that had at some time expect me to give up my work, I been slipped under the door. wonder, and live on the rich in-

"It's from Dorothy,"Rachel come she evidently assumes I have?

smiled. "Stay and hear what she How does she imagine I'll buy

says. It will add a sort of exclathe gallons of,milk and carloads

mation point to all the things of shoes they'll require? They

we've talked about."must be only babies. Three of

Whether it's a big job or a little it was less than six them—and

one, you'll get the best service years ago that she married that began to brute."and the best work in our big, Rachel read aloud, her tone almost bantermodern commercial printing ing, fcut at the third paragraph her

plant. Ask our representative voice became choked with pain, 1 HERE was much

to quote on your next job. and soon she left off reading enmore. Rachel was becoming a littirely, just growing whiter and tle hysterical.

whiter and distending her nostrils "I simply can't. I'll wire her

until her face looked hard and this minute. She seized the teleBusiness and Personal Stationery ugly * phone, but replaced it in curious

Business Forms... Hand Bills "It's abominable!"she cried at response to the hard, penetrating

Booklets... all kinds of binding last, after Mark had observed her silence that was all he offered.

quietly for long minutes. "It's Almost accusingly, she flared up

Wedding Stationery that at "Are him, you implying sad, oh, Mark. so horrible—and

it seriously?"consider to ought ask right to $uch I But she has no

a thing of me!""Dorothy has undoubtedly conThen Rachel sat down again sidered it very seriously, Rachel.

in like the ads just toss away, if every as amazement as much The Descrct and read the letter through with It isn't the sort of thing you can if you mail. And, your morning shook she were new. Then word

I truth, assuming the want am vagueof times, her head a number for a will her out help that you thing!"News Press ly, saying, And "Oh, poor

29 Richards Street finally, with an air of making a little time at least. I'm certain

Salt Lake City, Utah very brave decision, she raised her it could be managed on your salhead and cried, "But I won't do ary, if you tackled it right."it! I will not, Mark!""But, Mark—"she wanted to

It was several minutes before exactingweep, to viewpoint.wheedle him into"I shoulda less

that coherently Dorexplained she before to give have home up my ill with a sanitarium in was othy lived in it! a sprawling I've Get

a for well being of hopes small flat little out, miles and somewhere BE INDEPENDENT her husband that time; long very or housekeeper a beastly or nurse Vocation So Profitable I No Other before, year the her deserted had ENROLL NOW here; child not yet and both!"third at the her Course For a Complete "You could sublet this place she was begin desperation that

flat cottage nice or a very get and althree take her to Rachel ging of Culture Beauty SchoolQuish for as rental. for the same And babies and indistinguishable most the in West The Best or there be one housekeepers, must /for care them.

304-9 Bldg. Thompson Ezra beastly. quite are not;who two that ask to she CITY, right has SALT LAKE UTAH "What You're Rachel. going now, I'm strength the me, of Mark? On Further Information For this. act like tiresome you when

Call Catalog and college friendbusiness a of mere if some Let want you know me or 7560 Wasatch to turn asks she calmly ship, me

I all I'll can."to help. Fill in glad be do This anlife upside Then, down."my Coupon Her do?"could you "What she question, her swering own % unmistakable. scorn was course, evenly, more "Of on went

she hasn't a soul in the world. "Oh, I don't know. Help you

Fancy being so down and out that unpack, perhaps, or fix the window

The Improvement Era for April, 1932 379

shutters, or interview housekeepers The gallery is maintained for ty and power; "they will be as

if you want me to. I might even its cultural value to the student real voices audible to their spirits

help a little toward the financial body and patrons. The pictures in the silence. Their uplifting

end if you needed that."are hung upon the walls of the influence will return to them often,

"Really? Might you decide to main halls and auditorium, where swiftly, and quietly like doves flywork all day, instead of only they may be seen daily by the ing from far away,"and the beauhalf?"classes; and since the high school ty of them will linger in their

"No,"he assured her gently, "I is a community center the gallery memories long after other school need my leisure time."is frequently viewed by the townsjoys have been forgotten.

"I'll not need any help whatpeople.

ever, thank you, because I.shall

positively refuse to take them. I'll r\OES the project pay? Not in

get hold of some agency or institumonetary terms, of course.tion, and pay them all I can—But aesthetically and spiritually

"Don't, Ray."He stopped, those interested in it feel that it Kewanee:midway out of the door. "Poor does pay, and that it will continue

little devils! Rachel, have you to produce adequate returns. For Kewanee Steel Firebox

forgotten the night you missed he is rich whose mind is rich, and your graduation exercises because that mind is rich which has striven Boilers ideal, toalways a high toward his cut had Moorelittle Denny are Universally Adopted for cultivation love for the of a wardfinger was quiet off, and you when sat by his bed? You used to anthe beautiful and the true. This L. D. S. Chapels and all Other

swer the roll call always, if somedaily companionship with master Representative Buildings body needed help. I can't believe minds in their sublimest moments

you've changed as much as that. will teach boys and girls fine disTake a chance on the kids for a crimination in judgment, the wonlittle while, anyway."der of sagecovered desert, the inKE.WANEE. B9ILER Q>9yol\9Ii

"Go away. Goodbye."spiration of heavenwardreaching HAWLEYRICHARDSON-

peaks, the peace of snowcovered the landing approached he As stream, plain or icebound the joy WILLIAMS CO.to the second heard floor, Mark

her telephone ringing. It was still of blossoming bush or tree; it will District Representatives

ringing when he reached the sideprove "an endless fountain of im204 Dooly Bldg.

walk and strode under her winmortal drink."These paintings Salt Lake City

dows and off up the street. will interpret life and nature to

(To be continued) \ them in a subtle language of beauAn Investment in Ask For BIG HARVESTER

Continued fromCulture—page 337

1928, one of the ladies'clubs added to this collection a bronze bust of Mr. Dallin, modeled by the OVERALLS

sculptor himself; and in 1929 the

Senior Class presented "The Vision,"a rare inspirational piece with Lindbergh as its theme.These pieces with "The Buffalo,"89c 69c

by Avard Fairbanks, form an inFOR MEN FOR BOYS teresting collection which adds variety, inspiration, and beauty to Big Harvester Overalls in 2.20 water treated blue

the gallery. denim and express stripe are now offered to you

at a money saving price. A quality material,

'"PHE money for this great undesign and workmanship that will please every man dertaking is raised by the puandwho boy.wearSizesup toforsizechildrenfortytwo.from twos and for men

pils with the aid of town clubs and other civic organizations. The Ask Your Dealer to Show You

students give social and educational entertainments; sell picturethe new BIG HARVESTER Overallsshow tickets on commission, make

and sell candy, cake, and popcorn At Saving Prices balls; serve cafeteria lunches; and

some of the classes have penny banks into which the boys and Made in Salt Lake City by girls drop the pennies, nickels, and Z. C. M. I. CLOTHING FACTORY

dimes which would otherwise be 1'Keep Home Folks at Work?.

spent for gum, candy, or toofre- quent picture shows.

.

380 The Improvement Era for April, 1932

I———U—II II—II—II—II—li 1|—., ||. Continued from

4And Afterward Came Springpage Z4t!>

NEW GRAND HOTEL David was her baby, her little to see about David's cough. Is Main at 4th South Sts. boy, her tall son. David had no he—is he—

Salt Lake City business being dead. Didn't she "Well?"

love him? Hadn't she done everyJulie, the goldenhaired girl

Center of Business, Theater, and thing she could do for him next door, sobbed a little. "Mrs.

Shopping,District dressed him, fed him, warmed him, Curtis, is David dead?"

David Of course MODERN David—dead?

he her FIREPROOF Whenkissed hehim,woke(watchedup she'doverask him?him wasn't dead. Wasn't baby Cafe in Connection

about he wouldn't wake that she loved? David this—but—dead. Rates From $1.50 thing. the was up. That The Suddenly was dead. But David

M. H. Thompson, Mgr. thing she couldn't understand. He she began to weep wildly.

ever. wouldn't wake up. Not Not.said, she in there,"and "Go

Conference Visitors (Welcome; called she in the mornings when her in forth rocked and back

him, not in the bright afternoons, agony, "go in there and see. Yes,

not at night when the stars were David is dead."

out. Not ever.

Bring the breath She stared at the little blue vase table. the the observed She fled to the prim JULIE of springtime into your on

tall silver slim black and the swan its bright rug bedroom with home with willows very carefully. As though gayly sprigged bedspread. andTo

the black swan on the blue vase David, lying white and still, in were the most important thing in the bed. She stood and looked at WALLPAPER the world. That was what she him. David's eyelashes were thick

'would do from now on, she and brown, they made little shadFrom thought, love things that couldn't ows pn ibis cheeks. His hair was

die, that God couldn't dark on the white pillow; his

mouth curved a wee bit, as though sleep. knelt his smiled She in he BENNETTS a deep, uHE feared as softly, she though by him breath. sharp God Why—whydrew of one she took to him, wake

beDavid. had taken And,she'd hers. in his hands

lieved in David God! knew He Tears boy—""Dear boy—dear all in she loved she had, was all

in slipped through Jbright drops the world. was David knew He Insurance/ fingers. "David!"

little yet his her her baby, man. And he'd kissed her. yesterday Only She taken looked he'd David.

wall blue vase to the past the her. here he was loved now And New beOnly yesterday jhe'd told her he Wallpaper yond.

fair. this. It like was wasn't He The clock went on ticking. She Department so perfect, wonderful so dear and

front heard come someone up the ask sweet. She'd Exclusive Designs,1932 and God—steps, door. at the knock jerked her head she Suddenly bright, cheerful Fresh, and knock. Well, She let them her tears streaming up, down sunproof If she door. to the going wasn't disarray. cheeks, golden in her hair would someone maybe GLASS BENNETT taken David. & did, had God God take Why, forgotten She'd almost David. CO. PAINT work, sent from David had home

that. died people about When 6165 South West First scarhis cheeks bright, his eyes too

Salt Lake City they took them away from you let, shaken with chill, coughing, in with boxes put them and (mauve coughing, coughing. And now

there silver handles, then and and taken David away, had was God scent the of hyacinths, then and dead. was David they were gone for always and

The Utah High you never saw them again. No

LS. CURTISstood School of Beauty matteror prayed,howtheyyou tookwept,themor begged,away. at the door,Mr?spoke

Culture And that is what they would do Julie, dear. Did youdully.love"Julie.him,

331 Clift Bldg., Salt Lake to David. too?"

Learn a profession that would make The someone at the door knock- "I loved him so much that the you independent for the rest of ed louder. And then she opened pain of losing;him is almost more

your life. Write for catalog. the door and came in. Mrs. Curthan I can bear."

Mail this Coupon tis sat very straight in her chair, "Little Julie. Odd that I never Name... wrapped about with the light from knew—

the lamp. She peered at the girl Julie still knelt there, holding

Address before her as though she were half one of his hands against her cheeks.

City blind, struggling you?"to see. "What "Didn't

provide and board to room We can want?"do you "Oh, of students out town no, f Julie. Why didn't

"I saw your light. I came over you tell me?"

The Improvement Era for April, 1932 381

"We were going to. Tonight."morning until night and looked She would talk to no one but

"He loved you, too?"unseeingly at the sky. Julie had Julie. "Oh, it's cold today, Julie,"

Julie nodded, turned her head hired for her a companion, fearing she'd say. "I wish I could cover

so that her lips were pressed against her mood. And |the companion him over. How cold he'll be."

little And Julie would turn her headhis fingers.—a darkhaired, darkeyed Mrs. Curtis went on, as one in woman—had done what she could to hide her tears, thinking of the

a dream. "Then you'd have been for Mrs. Curtis. She had cooked snow over him, and the wind and

married. And you'd have lived for her, tried to keep her warm, the sky. /

here in this house with me, Julie. had even sung for her. And still And these days Mrs. Curtis beYou and David. And you'd have Mrs. Curtis sat dully in her chair lieved nothing. "If I knew he

little children. boys,had still lived,"sorthe she'd though Two by say, "somewhere. window—as

girl, perhaps. I'd haveand a And believe. she were had a drug of which row Then J would But how

loved them so."Her voice got drunk too deeply and was still do I know? Don't talk about

softer and softer. "The little girl asleep even though her eyes were God to me. If there were a God

would have looked like you, Julie, open. he'd not have taken David. And

and we'd have had parties for her.

And the boys would have been like David."She brushed at her

eyes. "Oh, Julie, Julie, we'd have

been so happy!"

Suddenly Juliewas up and in her arms. And Commercial

they wept there together in the doorway, looking at this man they both loved.

Mrs. Curtis stirred first. "Julie."

"Yes?"sobbing. "Julie, do you know who did Savings this? Who,took (our happiness AND

us? this fromaway Gave us awenjoy the continued patronage OFFICERS in ful pain our hearts? you, Do confidence of and numerous j and,dear?"WE

"No one did. It just happened,"business people,Who consider DIRECTORS

looking up, fearful of the note us to be an efficient, trustworthy comHeber J. Grant

in Mrs. Curtis'voice. mercial bank. This reputation, of course, President

"Well, God did, Julie. God is highly gratifying. It is our purpose to AnthonyVice PresidentW. Ivins took him away."

"He gave David to us, didn't sustain and increase it. John F. Bennett

he? Didn't that give him the right Vice President

Orval (W. Adams taketo David underaway? But we Vice Presidentstand, don't we, darling? YET—know We Richard Madsen W. | there a be reason. must Because I Vice President is savings department Our an important,

is kind,"feverishly, asGod though

E. I G. Woolley, Jr. successful feature servof our banking to herself, convince "and good."Cashier

ice, offering safety unquestioned for Curtis Mrs. laughed. your you "Do Alvin C. Strong

I Julie, isknow, think cruel It is funds. God conducted the with Asst. same Cashier

hard.and cares \I don't think he efficiency and courtesy that James W. marks every John

at all. for us are—"she and We Asst. Cashier other department business. of ourlaughed again, that with new

frightening note in her voice, Your savings, deposited with us, are \ "puppets to him. Things, toys, Heber J. Grant

that he works with strings. Maybe secure and profitearning. John F. Bennett

he's laughing now. Well, I don't Jas. G. McDonald

care. I'm laughing, too. Listen Henry T. McEwan

to me, Julie. Listen to me laugh."G. G. Wright And suddenly she flung herself UTAH STATE j Waldemar Van Cott

down beside David, weeping wild- I Anthony W. Ivins

ly, praying incoherently. "For- | Stephen L.Richards

Arthur Wintergive me, God. But he's my baby, S. | George Spencer NATIONALmy baby—Willard R. Smith j

I Moroni Heiner

j Orval W. Adams passed. Mrs. WiEEKS Dovid P. HowellsCurtis like a was carved woman Richard Madsen W. stone.of neither She laughed Member Federal Reserve System II A. N. Johnson

now, nor wept. She only sat in

her chair by the window from 382 The Improvement Era for April, 1932

if there were a God he'd pity me, "Oh, you're blind! You're

cried. he'd show,me—some way—that blind!"she BRING YOUR David still lives."

you, poor show "He will my lookIRS. CURTIS Mi desperJulie say CURTAINS darling,"would startled expression, a ed up with

ately, "he will show you."as though someone were shaking

And shaking her head Mrs. Curher, waking her from deep slumtis would lapse into staring silence ber.

again. "You're blind and selfish and

hard. Praying for your sign, your

A--T last the snow was vision, praying for a way to begone, and the sky was blue again. lieve, and right before your eyes

At night the moon was a pink is the proof of all you're praying baby moon, the stars were thin for!"

We will launder your Curheavysilver withspangles;pale, thefat treesbuds, werethe "Julie!""Oh, I can't bear to see you

tains while you are attendwind was a smoothmouthed gypgoing on like this day after day.

ing Conference. sy, whispering of color and laugh- I've tried so hard to help you,"

ter. and tears fled down her cheeks in

Special with are equipped We drops. Mrs. shining as though it seemed And this to handle work Machinery Julie-—""But, still Curtis, sleepy with dull and

listen to must. "Please me. You the sorrow, of were draught Special Price—50c a Pair her that sign, vision your Here is your the was one in only world who

blind to the beauty about her. you've been praying for,"she

Julie came over each evening to pushed the lilacs up into Mrs. CurROYAL talk to her. tis'arms, against her mouth.

"There. In your arms. That's

"Darling,"she'd say, and pat life, isn't it? That's proof of LAUNDRY the thin fingers of the pale woman everything. Wasn't it winter?"

625 South State Street in her chair 'by the window. she asked breathlessly. "Wasn't

all it's See, at sky. the "Look gray it cold and dead and still and

like a gold baby. Wasatch 2624 pink blue and and weeks? for and weeks now And

And that little star there above look!"she pushed back the curthe spruce—it's smiling at us."tains and pointed to the blossoming trees, the dancing motion of

grass, the stars. "Life again!"BUT Mrs. Curtis did the

not look at the star, nor care that But Mrs. Curtis only sat there

it was smiling. "Julie,"she'd say, staring stupidly at the girl, fearful

"Julie, I wouldn't care about anyto wake.

thing in the world if I.could know "Smell them,"Julie commandthat David is alive, awake, smiling, ed, and gave the flowers a little

breathing, somewhere. But there thrust. "Smell them. Breathe

isn't any isign. There's nothing them in. Kiss them. They're

but stillness when I ask, when I Life. They're promise. The

pray."promise that David is alive someAnd one day, through the soft where. Smiling, like you wanted

twilight, came Julie with her arms him to be. Awake. Like this.

full of lilacs. The air was full Happy."She pushed her hair backCuts Down Wear of the ecstacy of April, as though

she had just passed by, her hair

During Starting blowingMrs. Curtisin the windlooked up when

Julie came in. "Ah, Julie,"she

-'-saves gasoline said."These are for you, darling,"

and Oil JulieButsaid,Mrs.holdingCurtis seemedout the notlilacs.to

see them. "Thank you, Julie,"

she said, uninterestedly. "Would

you mind putting them in the blue vase rCONOCO Julie looked at her. Mrs. Curtis

looked back, vacantly, too busyGERM PROCESSED with her heavy sombre thoughts

PARAFFIN BASE to see,the loveliness before her.

Suddenly Julie flung the lilacs in her lap.MOTOR OIL

The Improvement Era for April, 1932 383

with a trembling white hand. far more fascinating than mis-

"And you sit there not even bechief.

lieving in God."So he is happy to quote Prof. WE MANUFACTURE

Mrs. Curtis sat up very straight. B. G. Thompson, business man- M. I. A. Contest and Club

'There is a God and you know ager of "Ye Sylvan Archer,"the Pins, Awards, Medals, it. Stop praying for signs, for Oregon journal of bowmanship, Trophies

proof, when they're right at your as stating that Utah shows morefingertips, right in, your arms, active interest in archery than does CLASS RINGS against your mouth and eyes!"any other state. And the doctorParty FraternityFavors, SororityPins and "Oh, Julie—archer, who is president of the Special Consideration to

"Keep smelling the lilacs, Mrs. Utah State Archery Association, L. D. S. Seminaries

Curtis. Don't stop. Then you'll is pleased to predict that within PARRY & PARRY JNC.

see. Then you'll know. Spring two years, four hundred people Manufacturing: Jewelers

came, didn't it? Isn't that proof? will enter the Utah state shoot. Salt100-1-3LakeKeithCity,EmporiumUtah, U. Bldg.S. A.

Hasn't spring always come? Won't That is more than now compete in Send for Catalog

it come again and again?"She the national tourney.

was almost weeping in her great eagerness. "David is well and

strong and happy somewhere. I

know he is!"And this girl who

loved him turned and ran from the room and out of the house. Mrs. Curtis sat with the lilacs Utah's Summer School

tight in her arms until it grew too dark to see. Tears were tight inher throat, but there was a strange of Serviced)

new lightness in her breast, a new Offering courses desired by the people of the State in all wild hope as beautiful as April. grades of collegiate work, the

And afterwhile she got up and putAnd—afterwardthe lilacs in the cameblue spring!vase. UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

will again present an outstanding Summer School of Service.

value to teachers and recreational leaders, will be offered. TellsAn Archer Courses of general interest, as well as many courses of special welltrained University staff (mostly department Continued from The

will be supplemented by the following carefully chosen, disWhy page 349 heads), tinguished educational specialists:

weather is pleasant, targets appear in the fields and arrows whistle and Dr.Schools,Henry Lexington,H. Hill, SuperintendentKentucky. of willAll conductthe memberscreditof coursesthe visitingthroughoutfaculty

the six weeks, except Mrs. Watkins, S. L. of Pressey, Professorthud. yeomen The courses will Educawhose the first run are preparing Dr.tional two Psychology, Ohio State Universtatefor the of the session. weeks competitions. sity.

The Robin Hood of Payson has Mrs. Arthur C. Watkins, Secretary EduSpecial Lecturers

his Little John. This rival is ofcationalParentsDivision,and Teachers,NationalWashington,Congress BrooklynDr. HenrySocietyNeumann,for EthicalLeader Culture,of the

D. C.!R. Dr. York Driggs, New HowardCharles Pace, to enknown bow Dr. Joseph Leighton, A. fessor of Professor of; Education in NewProthusiasts Philosophy, Iceman,"State Ohio for University. as "The he University York Dr. A. McLaughlin, CEnglish,

S. Dr. Johnson, Obed Professor Professor of History,; of ReUniversity of Chiis the local ice. purveyor of Dr. ligious Education, College,,Dr. Incago; Wabash Luella Pressey, C. Assistant

diana.Pfouts'Professor of Psychology, eyes Ohio State Unibrown twinkled mer-

E. Associate versity. M. Costigan, Professor lecturers Other will anbe relatedrily as he that, regardless of Dr.of History, University of Idaho. nounced later.

progresses he inhow the game, lectures of daily conferences visiting and the faculty by A series members"Charley"keeps a step ahead. special lecturers, and covering ethical, range literary, a wide of educational,Pace has been allround champion and political problems will of the hour to add interest the session. summer

of Utah for the last two years.,

HIGH EDUCATIONAL STANDARDS Y)R. PFOUTS relishes the anUtah's high educational rating assures transference of credits elsewhere at

cient flavor of the greenwood full value. The broad curriculum will include courses to complete group

game, and snuffs the dust of the requirements, courses to meet requirements for teachers'certificates and diplomas, a parentteachers course (to study the relation individuals of to thetourney battles joyfully. He takes schools, leaders and courses for scout interested and people in the developmenta boyish delight in helping to of youth.

amaze Exceptional Advantages for Study are Available in Salt Lake Cityscoff at.riflebows—andteams thatgo awaycomevanto

quished. One Term of Six 13 to July 23 Weeks—June But he is interested in archery

chtefly for what it means to young Complete Catalogue Will 'Appear in April people. He believes that it is

wholesome both physically andmorally. It is exacting in its deUNIVERSITY OF UTAH

mands on muscles and mind, satisSALT LAKE,CITY, UTAH fying in its rewards, and therefore "Reading maketh a full man; conference a ready man; and writing an

exact man. And therefore, if a man write little, he had need have a great

memory; if he confer [little, he had need have a present wit; and if he read

not."—Francislittle, he had needBacon.have(15611626)much cunning, to seem to know that he doth

office teaches the Huntington other around Europe "soaking up art."Mae

the information story. handles at the Springville andWRITERS day youngwith vmanthe beginningscame into ofoura High School "How

is this start?"he asked. I read his material, but I could bureau connected with the annual art exhibit. Springville

not answer him. Starts of any kind do not make a story. is her home town, therefore, she has seen the exhibit grow

Ideas, well worked out make stories. The writer can usually to its present proportions. Carlton Culmsee lives in Nada,

test his own. If he has a good idea and can 'state it in a Utah, but is at present a student at Brigham Young Unisimple declarative sentence, then he has something to work versity where he acts as editor of the "Y News,"the student

instance, thatupon, but paper. must idea. For come first—the

I his Robertson, fancy \upon Frank C. when beginning

story, "The Back Tracker,"which closed last month in the i i i question: the Era, asked himself wouldImprovement "What as readers will enjoy our hope much

intelligent sheepa good, faithful, master dog do if the struggles the of the account did he ECONOMY eas we loved suddenly left him and he found the evil substitute of the young people who have written four human docuhad lost some sheep?"Then perhaps he answered that ments for us. Those documents are to be found on twoquestion in a simple declarative sentence. The result?—pages of this magazine. Read them if you haven't already

splendid, gripping story. done so. They may give you an idea.

[f arc interested in knowyu the decided ing Era has whyPLOWING Alicewe areLeeusing'Eddy,asauthorour frontispieceof the poem inwhichthis MOVING PICTURES number, formerly lived in Brigham City. She now lives to go into the subject of Movies for awhile, read the letter (on

in Montana. In our opinion, she has done a fine piece page 350) written by an M. I. A. boy to the Executive officers

can help, perhaps, Era The having a committee by see and iemotions the in picturing of theof work the organization. in terms He states the problems of a field his own northfarmer—plowing.of Kaysville. of taken was photographThe

which confront him and others of his age and type regarding the matter; and he suggests that something be done about it.

he Era can help, perhaps, by having a committee see and evaluate results. pictures printing the Last and we month "* tell liked I to want you much how |an difficulties gave the such explanation of of of few you aERA COVER cover,"correspondent the February one

undertaking, national an opinions preview committee quoting is beautifulwrites. a Washington uch monument "The

pictures. ideas certain the divergence of on Following about

all its cover,thing, the have February and caught on you list seen that pictures of approved have been and which was a it, I I get loveliness. at glancebreathtaking time Every

agree least If not did three committees. national at you by litttle liftthe the I experienced the heart of same when

realize that listed, will films estimates the of of with you some artist, Mr. Rex came."Clowes,magazine Mr. A. Our

critics all agree. If is difficult it to find pictures which upon printer sent the the us photograph,Johnson, and who firstwho

tell write movies, the and like don't about say what you we success fine responsible are printing the for a of jobdid it paid. are If like well so. us do you we "lift idea picture. liked the the thatof heart"of Wethe**that's exactly what we wanted the cover to do—to lift the

heart and the eyes toward a truly great person and great ideals. 4ND AFTERWARD CAME SPRING Thetitle veryo f

that story should make you want to read it; at least it did

read, office to and have dozens where a week in the here we us article Salt Great about story, after test. read wait the is real a and you that And SALT LAKEGREAT b. Jenkins, T1fLake, by Donald it little, serit as of a a think seem forget you to awhile and read in issue; the has been the appeared ofwhich January Era in a story, addition to a bring something or or poem mon, a letters enthusiasts of boating in East of theby who, number

feeling faith hope. of and it a leaves with for you new the their interestto in the voice Jenkins, lake Mr. and

facilities > for boating which it affords.

invita SOME READERS TALK IT OVER tionThe at the

IN THIS ISSUE interestingn t's *ssuepeople.we haveDr.a numberParley A.of topof peopleof thewhopageseemhas beento realizeacceptedthat byeditorsan encouragingdo not like numberto talkChristenson, for instance, writer of the first article—"Imto themselves. From Canada comes this observation, concernthe article last Delightsome People,"publishedmortality, "A month: a Venture deep ing whose a man of Faith"—is "I find here pleased the story with many style who are seemingly land as fine philosophysympathy as well his polished

of writing have won for him hosts of friends. Dr. Christenand the recognition Canada received in the 'Indian'number of

son was once a |curveball artist and has won many a baseball the Era, which, I must add, was a beautiful piece of work game, but he is now professor 'of English at Brigham Young from cover to cover."From the Friendly Islands comes a note

University. Beth Swenson resides, when she is at home, in in keeping with the name of the place; from Salt Lake the

Pleasant Grove, Utah, but she is now filling a mission in statement "we have been regular subscribers of the Era for the Eastern States where she is doing a good bit of work many years, and think it the best value for the money we have with her pen as well as with her tongue defending the ever had"Let's keep on talking things over. We tell you

Church and the Saints. Mabel Frazer is a professor of art every month what we think; once in awhile drop a line to

at the University of Utah, but just now she is browsing tell us your ideas!

FRESH means FULL STRENGTH GASOLINE

Once again Pep 88 offers you upto-theminute advantages. Every

gallon you buy is fresh!

What does freshness mean in gasoline? Just this:

Full strength... no loss of "snap"and "go"... highest possible

efficiency in your motor. And this is why:

Gasoline is a highly volatile substance. It evaporates rapidly. If

allowed to stand, it quickly loses much of its vitality. Therefore, the

sooner you get gasoline after it is refined, the better.

Pep 88 comes to your service stations days sooner than any gasoline not made in the intermountain region. It is that much fresher. The

nearness of our refinery makes it possible for you to have the freshest gasoline on the market when you buy Pep 88.

If you are not now using Pep 88, just try it. Give your car the benefit

of a fresh gasoline.

the FRESH, FULL STRENGTH88gasoline

Manufactured and Guaranteed by Utah Oil Refining Company, Salt Lake City

You are cordially invited to listen to our program of variety music every Thursday night at 9:15 over KSL.

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY

December Thirtyfirst, Nineteen Hundred Thirtyone

It is with much pride the Officers of the Beneficial submit this financial report.

# skepticalStrength thatand Stabilitythis institutionradiateis fromone ofthethewithinfinancialfiguresgiantsandofshouldthe west.convinceFew theconcernsmost

have been so successful in showing * pt increase in all departments of their business during the past two years.

ADMITTED ASSETS Per Cent LIABILITIES

Per Cent of Total of Total.43 Death Claims Proofs Not

Hi 28.5 U. S. Government and Received.... $ 44,232.39

Other Bonds.. 2,970,448.97.59 Premiums and Int. Paid in

Advance 61,440.23

5.6 Real Estate Owned $ 588,677.78.3 I Estimated for Taxes 32,500.00

36.3 First Mortgage Loans and.14 All Other Liabilities 14,667.38

Policy Dividends Left Contracts 3,757,888.34 at Int $ 423,691.83

25.8 Loans to Policyholders 2,687,620.77 Div. Apportioned to

t*J-** I Cash in Banks. 15,156.34 PoliciesPolicy Res... 8,02562,389.951,744.08

5 Accrued Interest on Cap. Stock 250,000.00

Surplus (UnInvestments 156,930.52 assigned).... 750,000.00

2.2 Uncollected and Deferred Contingent

Premiums 246,725.56 Res. Fund. 190,000.00

*98.52 For Protection and Benefit of Policyholders..$10,197,825.86

$10,350,665.86

$10,350,665.86

*Special attention is called to the fact that 98.52% of the total assets are set aside for the

benefit and protection of Policyholders.

In addition to the required reserves for the protection of policyholders The Beneficial has a surplus fund of ONE MILLION DOLLARS plus an added special reserve of ONE HUNDRED NINETY

THOUSAND DOLLARS.

BENEFICIAL ACHIEVEMENTS IN 1931

PAID to Living Policyholders $ 642,277.75 Total Paid

"for Death Claims 318,848.53 Policyholders $ 961,126.28

INCOME:. $ 2,294,474.97

INSURANCE WRITTEN AND REVIVED 12,169,968.00

INCREASE IN ASSETS 900,54 1.33

TOTAL PAID POLICYHOLDERS SINCE ORGANIZATION 7,726,002.13

TOTAL INSURANCE IN FORCE (Paid for Basis) 61,092,909.00

TOTAL DOUBLE INDEMNITY (Paid for Basis) 12,480,500.00

In all lines of business there will be found one institution that steps out in front as a leader.

In the Intermountain Region the Beneficial is that dominant figure. It has forged into the lead through

proper management, that is ever alert to changing conditions and quick to serve the exacting public with all that is new and worthwhile in Life Insurance at a nominal cost. Then too—The Big Home

Company is the one institution offering the public PARTICIPATING INSURANCE AT LOW NONPARTiCIPATING RATES.

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO DIRECTORS HOME OFFICE: SALT CAKE CITY, UTAH DIRECTORS

HEBER A. w. ivins,J. GRANT,1st VicePRESIDENTPresident E. T. RALPHS GEO.A. B. J.C. CANNON,OHLSON. 2ndSECRETARYVice President

JOS. F. SMITH General manager B. F. GRANT

DAVID O. MCKAY

IF IT'S A BENEFICIAL POLICY IT'S THE BEST INSURANCE YOU CAN BUY

..