/VvJ

,', I IMPROVEMENT ERA Organ of the Seventies and theyouno Mens '"- >.m Mutual Improvement Associations

Vol. XII. NOVEMBER, 1908. No. I.

Published Monthly At Salt Lake City by the General Board 12.00 PER ANNUM

KNIT GOODS: CLOTHING:

Youth's, Men's, Lisle, Best Cutler Bros. Co. Boy's Cotton, Best

Best Fleeced. 36 Main St., SALT LAKE CITY Order by Mail.

J. B. Robbtiu, A. C Keeley, R Oambsck

S. L. Bird. Manager. S. B. Robsim

Cream Shipped Everywhere KEELEY ICE CREAM COMPANY

Wholesale snd Rctsil Maker* of

Pure Ice Cream, COPYRlti Sherbets, Water Ices, Before the Smoke Clears Away Fancy Bricks,

On your firestricken shop, factory,office Frozen Puddings, or store, you can resume business if insured with us. No long unnecessary Punches, Etc.

delays in adjusting, no haggling over terms; but prompt payment of losses HIGH GRADE CANDIES

every time. It's to our interest to get

you set up in business again—we can Delivered to Any Part of the City

insure you again.

Factory snd Office. 26o State St.

Home Fire Insurance Company of Utah Both Phones 3223 Prompt Service,

HEBER J. GBAHT & ft.. General Agts. Salt Lake City. Utah.

3026 South Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah

Both Phones 35). J.S.JENSEN&SONS

Jos* Wm. Taylor JEWELERS

Utah's Leading Undertaker 53 S. Main St., Salt Lake City

ant Licensed Embalmer. Missionaries'Watches at reduced

Fin* Funeral Chapel, Private Parlor, prices. Wedding Rings, Diamonds Shew Rooms and Morgue. Silverware. Repairing. All work

Omoa Opek dat and Night. guaranteed.

Have your eyes examined by 21, 28, 25 SOUTH WEST TEMPLE ST.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. our reliable optician,

H. O. JENSEN,

Eyesigh Specialist Mail Orders Promotly Attended To.

ESTABLISHED 1889.

UTAH COMMERCIAL and SAVINGS BANK CAPITAL $800,000 The STATE BANK utmh SaU Lak* cf. HI?

... U EttablUhcd 18904: Per Cent—Interest,on computedSaringe Deposits.semiannually \Jr TTTAUlAn

Commercial Banking in all its /VMS'HIS bank solicits the accounts of branches. Accounts of Banks and In- / I banks,firms and individuals, and

to such customers everydividuals solicited. Customers assured Vv extends

th best accommodations consistent reasonable courtesy and facility.

with conservative and safe banking.

WM. F. ARMSTRONG BYRON OROO, AnthonJot. F. H.Lund,Smith, V.Preit.Pre*. Ch.H.T.McEwan.Aut.Caih.S Burton, Caihier President. Cashier.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

Vol. XII. NOVEMBER, 1908. No. 1

ST. PAUL'S COMPANIONS IN ROME.

BY COL. R. M. BRYCETHOMAS.

I.—INTRODUCTION.

"I have here only made a nosegay of culled flowers, and have brought nothing of my own but the thread that ties them together."Montaigne.

In the author's article, "The Closing Years of St. Paul's Life

in Rome,"which appeared in the Improvement Era, Vol. X, Nos.

5 to 11 inclusive, an attempt was made to depict something of the life of this great Apostle of the Gentiles during his two imprisonments in Rome, and also to describe to some extent such portions of the Eternal City as must have been familiar to him during his sojourn there. It is now proposed to prosecute the theme of his

residence in that city, by taking up, as far as the material to hand will permit, the subject of his Christian companions at those periods. The writer would, however, here wish to say that, in

presenting the events of St. Paul's life, both in the article above

alluded to as well as in the present one, he makes no claim whatever to originality. Indeed, one cannot be expected to originate

history, and as in the former article so also in this one, he has confined himself to a compilation of facts and information which have been culled from such sources as he has had access to, and to this end use has been made of some of those works of studious historical writers, which have already been published to the world.

.

2 IMPR VEMENT ERA

The two concluding verses of the Acts of the Apostles, in the

New Testament, inform us that Paul, while at Rome during his first imprisonment, was permitted to dwell in his own hired house, and to receive all who came to him, and that he there preached the kingdom of God, and taught those things which concerned the

Lord Jesus Christ with all confidence, no man forbidding him. Of

his further life and work there is no direct record in the Scriptures, but, as pointed out by Dr. Macduff in his book, St. Paul in Rome,

it is evident from the closing chapter of the Apostle's epistle to the Romans, wherein he mentions by name no less than twentysix

Christian brethren, and at the same time makes reference to many other Saints, that as far back as A. D. 60 there was the nucleus

of a flourishing Church within the city walls. Two years later,

when St. Paul was brought into that city as a chained prisoner,

Christian brethren went out to meet him, as we know, to "Appii

Forum"and the "Three Taverns"(Acts, 28: 15).

In writing from Rome, in A. D. 64, to the Colossians, the

Apostle mentions Tychicus and Onessimus whom he was about to despatch to them with his epistle, and he refers also to certain other brethren who were at Rome at the time, namely, Aristarchus,

Mark, Jesus called Justus, Epaphras, Luke, and Demas. And

again, in chapter two of his epistle to the Philippians, written also in the same year from Rome, he makes mention of two other brethren: namely, Timothy and Epaphroditus, the first named of

whom would seem to have been very close to his heart indeed.

Here, then, we have a list often Roman Christians, and we know there were others also, some probably being natives of the city itself, with whom the great Apostle was frequently brought into intimate association during his two imprisonments in imperial Rome.

We need not here trouble ourselves with the debated question as to the exact position of St. Paul's hired house at which he was

in the habit of receiving his brethren, and whence must have been written and despatched his epistles to Philemon, to the Colossians, to the Ephesians, and to the Philippians; but the weight of opinion

seems to place it in "Via degli Strengari,"close to the Ghetto.

A house in that locality is pointed out as the very one formerly occupied by the Apostle; but if this is the case, the building must

have undergone some changes, for it is not a first century house

ST. PAUL'S COMPANIONS IN ROME. 3

as it now stands. It either occupies the very site of St. Paul's

original house, or else it is situated in close proximity to it. It is

said that excavations are to be shortly undertaken when possibly parts of the original building occupied by the great Apostle will be discovered and preserved.

When St. Paul first set foot in Rome he could not but have

realized how very few, comparatively speaking, would be the friends that he would find in the then world's great capital.

Brought thither under exceedingly depressing circumstances, in poor health, and always attached by a galling chain to one of the guard or escort under which he had to travel, he was fortunately attended by two of his friends, Luke and Aristarchus, although not as fellow prisoners with the aged Apostle. Paul himself was a poor

man in worldly goods, and so also, as far as is known to the contrary, were his two companions, and the question has arisen how these two men could have afforded to accompany him on this long and expensive journey from Palestine to Rome unless as fellow prisoners themselves with the Apostle. Miss Hudson, in her History

of the Jews in Rome, considers that St. Luke, being a physician,

could easily have procured a free passage, and she then refers to the late Dr. Farrar's suggested solution that possibly one or both

of these men might have been sent with St. Paul by some of his

wealthy and attached friends in Jerusalem, as they would naturally have felt that in his then condition it would have been unwise to allow him to travel all alone. This is by no means an unreasonable explanation, for one can easily realize what a source of comfort and security the presence of these two friends must have been

to the Apostle, when one reflects upon the terrible hardships, difficulties, and dangers of this journey, as described so vividly to us by the writer of the "Acts of the Apostles."The close of this

perilous journey, however, brought no respite to St. Paul's trials

and anxieties, for we learn that after his arrival in the city he called together the chief of the Jews, and on a fixed day tried to persuade them concerning Jesus, both out of the law of Moses and out of the Prophets, from morning till evening, but found himself eventually forced to upbraid them with sorrow in his heart for their hardness and disbelief, and to tell them that the salvation of

God which they were then rejecting, would thenceforth be sent 4 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

unto the Gentiles, and that they would hear it (Acts 28: 17 to 29.)

That some such result may have been anticipated by him is not unlikely, and Miss Hudson, in her chapter on St. Paul and St.

Luke, goes so far as to remark, in this connection, that the Apostle was well aware of the power of the Hebrew multitude, and the turbulence of the vast assemblage of the Jews in the synagogues of the city, and that he knew that on their favor or opposition his future destiny must greatly depend. The support and affection,

therefore, of these two devoted companion and firm friends, as well as the sympathy of the few true Christian brethren whom he found at Rome, cannot but have been a source of much solace and consolation to this aged and tried servant of God.

It is gratifying to remember that notwithstanding the fact that the Apostle was a prisoner, he was allowed a certain amount of indulgence, and was permitted, as St. Luke tells us, "to dwell

by himself with a soldier that kept him."The fact that he was

always attached by a long, light wristchain to this soldier was certainly a most galling experience, but under the great strictness of the Roman law he must be considered to have been treated with a fair amount of leniency, for at no period of his firstrimprisonment does he ever seem to have been isolated from Christian sympathy, but was apparently always free to receive at his own house such of his brethren as chose to visit him, as well as all enquirers into the doctrines which he was permitted both to preach and to teach without any let or hindrance, or, as the last few words of the Acts of the Apostles have it, "with all confidence, no man forbidding him."This absence of restriction to the promulgation

of the gospel message cannot but have tended to allay to some extent the vexatiousness of an irksome imprisonment, and St. Paul

doubtless again thanked God and took courage, as we read that he did when the Roman Christian brethren met him on his first arrival at "Appii Forum*'and the "Three Taverns."

Cheered and encouraged as he must at all times have been by the congenial society of his brethren, there was one friendship of the great Apostle which seems to have been preeminent, and that was his friendship and affection for the youthful Timothy.

II.—TIMOTHY.

Timothy, or to give him his Greek name Timotheus (honoring

ST. PAUL'S COMPANIONS IN ROME. 5

God), was a native of Lystra, his father being a Greek, and probably, according to Dr. Macduff, a proselyte of the gate, while his

mother was a Jewess. From the fact that St. Paul, while making

allusion to Timothy's mother, Eunice, and grandmother Lois, never refers at all to his father, it may be presumed that the latter had died when Timothy was but a child. The widowed mother and her

surviving parent would seem to have lived together, and to have jointly brought up the boy Timothy in the nurture and admonition of the Lord, and in an understanding of the holy scriptures (II

Tim., 3: 15). Doubtless he, like other children of pious Jewish

parents, had been taught to look forward to and to pray for the coming of that Messiah who had been promised to the fathers of old, and who was to be the light to lighten the Gentiles, and to be the glory of God's people Israel.

Lystra was altogether a Gentile town, and the earnest and religious Jews who resided there when the Apostle first visited the place were probably but few in number. Timothy had doubtless

early acquired a strong faith, trained as he had been in a pious household by the two conscientious women of whom St. Paul was

able to write,—"When I call to remembrance the unfeigned faith

that is in thee, which dwelt first in thy grandmother Lois, and thy mother Eunice"(II Tim. 1:5); and it was perhaps in a great measure due to this very training that young Timothy was prepared to

receive and accept the glorious news of the arrival of the promised

Messiah, which the Apostle eventually brought to these two Jewish matrons, and to the lad in the devout home of that far- a-way town of Lycaonia.

It was in the year A. D. 45 that St. Paul and his companion

Barnabas suddenly appeared in Lystra, having had to flee from

Iconium, in order to escape the assaults of the unbelieving Jews, and there they at once commenced to preach the gospel. There

also it was that the Apostle exercised his gift of healing, on a cripple, and there, too, it was that the priest of Jupiter and the people attempted to offer sacrifice to the two apostles, saying that the gods had come down to them in the likeness of men (Acts 14:

11, et seq.) This popularity was, however, of short duration, for

the evil minded Jew from Antioch and Iconium stirred up the fickle mob to oppose tlie mission work that was being carried on 6 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

in their midst, and having stoned Paul, drew him outside the walls of the city wounded and bleeding, and left him there for dead.

Dr. Macduff concludes that this fact was not without its momentous results, for he writes thus, "We have every reason to believe

that one of the spectators of that outrage was the son of this pious Hebrew home. Accustomed there to the 'unfeigned faith,'

as manifested in the passive virtues of love and meekness and submission, he saw that same 'unfeigned faith'manifested in its active form and type of heroic endurance,—superiority to physical suffering."

It was on the day following this assault that Paul and Barnabas had to depart in the grey light of early morning to Derbe, but we read that some time afterwards they returned again to Lystra and the other towns where they had already preached the gospel, "confirming the souls of the disciples, and exhorting them to continue in the faith"(Acts 14: 21, 22).

The young Timothy, trained in the grand school of "unfeigned faith,"must have been strangely moved by the sight of all that had occurred in the town of his habitation, and his mind must have been vastly impressed by the conduct of these heroic men, who had thus exhibited their readiness not only to suffer, but to lay down their very lives if need be in the cause, and for the sake of him whom they preached as the long predicted Messiah and Savior of mankind. Timothy had indeed become Paul's own son in the

faith, for we read in the first verse of the sixteenth chapter of the

Acts of the Apostles that some years later (A. D. 53) the Apostle

again paid a visit to Lystra, and "found a certain disciple there named Timotheus, the son of a certain woman which was a Jewess, and believed, but his father was a Greek."From this time

forward Timothy became Paul's faithful friend and follower, and constant companion, ever rendering him filial obedience and service, and always ready to share his trials and hardships.

The tie between these two totally dissimilar characters was one of close affection and confidence, dissimilar not only in respect to the disparity of age, but of training, habits, and surroundings.

Paul was a man of great push and boldness, suited eminently for the struggles and endurance which were associated with the lives of Christian missionaries in those days of hardship and danger,

ST. PAUL'S COMPANIONS IN ROME. 7

while Timothy was moulded of less stern material, more sensitive, and less fitted to cope with the opposition and trials of those times. Dr. Macduff gathers from St. Paul's exhortation to Timothy in the epistles, that the latter inherited much of the feminine

type of character; and we may perhaps see this in the fact alluded

to by the great Apostle himself, in II Timothy 1-: 4, "greatly desiring

to see thee, being mindful of thy tears."Paul on the one hand was

brought up in the strictest and narrowest school of Judaism, while

Timothy, although the son of a Jewess and of a convert Gentile father, had never even been circumcised, thus indicating an absence of that strict observance to the Mosaic law, on the part of his parents, which the Apostle had formerly considered vital, trained as he had always been in the prejudices of perhaps the most exclusive and bigoted of religious sects;—"concerning zeal,

persecuting the church; touching the righteousness which is of the

law, blameless''(Philippians 3: 6). Again, Paul at that period of

his life was apparently strong, wiry, and full of endurance, while he had to warn Timothy to be careful of his delicate health, and to take a little wine for his often infirmities (I Tim. 5: 23).

Notwithstanding, however, these many differences in the constitutions, trainings, habits, and ages of these two men, there was a blamelessness and a worth in their respective characters that early drew them together in the bonds of regard and affection.

Dr. Farrar in his Life and Works of St. Paul says, "Timothy was

in fact more than any other the alter ego of the apostle."Timothy's worth was fully recognized by Paul, when in writing to the

Philippians that he propose sending him to them shortly he added, "For I have no man likeminded, who will naturally care for your state"(Phil. 2: 20). He further reminded them that they "knew

well the proof of him, that, as a son with the father, he had served with him in the gospel"(Phil. 2: 22).

How touchingly St. Paul in his epistles expresses his great

affection for young Timothy in such words as these, "my own son in the faith;""my dearly beloved son;""my workfellow!"How

earnestly, afterwards, when confined in one of the dark and gloomy cells of the dreaded Mamertine prison, during his second Roman imprisonment, he longs for his son Timothy, and twice urges him to come to him:—"Do thy diligence to come shortly unto me"

s IMPROVEMENT ERA.

(II Tim. 4:9), and again in verse twentyone,''Do thy diligence to

come before winter."St. Paul must doubtlessly have realized that

it was quite possible that he might be kept through the coming winter in the dank and dreary dungeon in which he was then confined, inasmuch as the time of his second trial depended entirely on the whim of so capricious a tyrant as Nero; and therefore we

find him requesting Timothy to bring with him the cloak which he had left at Troas with Carpus. Without the protection of that

Lower Mamertine Prison, Rome, where Paul was Imprisoned

cloak, the Apostle would have found the bitter winter weather in his chilly cell quite unendurable.

That he had also implicit confidence in Timothy may, I think, be gathered from the fact that he was willing to entrust to his care certain books and parchments (or private papers) which he doubtless considered to be of special importance to him (II Tim.

4: 13). Dr. Macduff supposes that the papers might probably

have been Paul's private memoranda and journals, including it may be his diploma of Roman citizenship; and Dr. Farrar also suggests

that the parchments or velum rolls might have contained among

ST. PAUL'S COMPANIONS IN ROME. 9

other things the diploma of his Roman franchise. Whether or no

Timothy arrived in time to see the aged Apostle before his martyrdom we do not know, but it is pleasant to think that he did do so, and that his presence helped to comfort his old friend in his affliction, and to strengthen him in his last hours. It is evident that

Paul and Timothy were closely associated with each other for many years, and Dr. Farrar points out that not only were two of the

Apostle's epistles addressed to Timothy, but that he was associated with St. Paul in the superscription of five others; namely, I

and II Thessalonians, II Corinthians, Philemon, and Colossians.

''EternalDoubtless Timothy had some part in the conversions of the

City"during St. Paul's first imprisonment there, for at the close

of the Apostle's second epistle to him, certain members of the church sent him their greetings, such as Eubulus, Pudens, Linus, and Claudia.

As [to Timothy's latter end, I will quote Dr. Macduff once

again We can accept for what it is worth the testimony of tradition, that on the occasion of a great festival to Diana (at Ephesus) in which Timothy endeavored to raise his protesting voice, he was made a victim to the fury of the frantic mob, who despatched him with clubs close to the gigantic temple of the goddess, and that his body was brought subsequently to Rome.

It is at Rome, in the magnificent basilica of "St. Pauls outside

the walls,"on the Ostian road, that we find an unpretentious shrine and a very plain altar bearing the single word "Timothei.''This

is situated in front of the high altar, and in juxtaposition to the tomb of the Apostle Paul, which latter is surmounted by a gorgeous baldachino or canopy reposing upon four most beautiful columns of oriental alabaster. I cannot conclude this sketch of St.

Paul's companion, Timothy, better than by quoting once more the words of Dr. Macduff:

Here the ashes of the Apostle Timothy are said to rest. Strong is the temptation for once, not too exactingly to demand or scrutinize authority for the truth

of a legend in itself so beautiful, that these two honored servants of Christ, who had loved and labored, wept and prayed, sorrowed and rejoiced together, are now resting side by side, a true "family burying place,"the father and his ''own son in the faith."

Pas de Calais, France.

[to be continued] HERBERT MELBOURNE.

BY EDWIN F. PARRY.

The Nelson family was cozily seated around the diningroom table, enjoying the evening meal. There were only four in the

mother and two children. Both children werefamily—father,

boys, aged respectively two and four years. Oscar Nelson had

finished his day's labor in the printing office, and had received a hearty greeting from his young wife and little ones on his arrival at the comfortable yet modest home.

It was a happy little family. Since the marriage of the parents, nothing had occurred in the domestic affairs to mar their

peace. True it was that there had been a temporary separation

of something more than two years, during which time Oscar was performing missionary service in the land of his forefathers

Scandinavia, for he was an elder of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints, and his wife was a devout member of the same

Church. "Lena,"remarked the husband, as he was nearing the completion of his supper, "this is Thursday—my regular evening for

visiting as a teacher in my district. I expect Edward Jones will

call for me in a few minutes. He has been appointed to labor

with me as an acting teacher. I shall have to leave you alone with

the children for an hour or so. I do not expect to be out very

late.""Yes, I remembered this was your evening for visiting,"said

Mrs. Nelson, "and I invited Lizzie Anderson to come and spend the

evening with me for company."

"Well, now, if she is coming I feel tempted to remain at home to enjoy her company. She is such a sweet girl, and always

HERBER T MELB URNE. 1

so interesting, you know,"said Oscar in an effort to tease his wife a little.

But it was a weak attempt, and she simply replied, "0 your company is not needed. Go and fulfil your duty. We have particular business of our own, and can get along just as well without you."

"I was only thinking of remaining for Edward's sake,"Oscar added by way of explanation; "you know he has a sort of sly afection for Lizzie, but is almost too timid to assert it."

"Well, you might ask him to call here on your return, if you think best, and he can escort her home.''

"A happy thought! I believe I shall,"Oscar decided.

Just then a knock on the door was heard.

"That's Edward, I believe!"exclaimed Oscar. "Keep your

seat, Lena, and finish your supper; I'm through with mine, and

I'll go to the door."

are you tonight? Please

be seated—"Ah, Edward, it's you; come in. How

"I am too early, I fear. You haven't finished your supper; but

go ahead; I can wait, ''said the visitor.

"Yes, I have just finished, and will be ready in a few minutes.

first, too—My wife is always the last at the table—and the

"Yes, Brother Jones, that's true,"said the wife. "I have

to be here first to wait on him and the children, and take what's left. Men are so helpless about the table—they have to be served

like children. Won't you have something to eat with us—with

me, rather?"

"Thank you, Sister Nelson, I have just been eating, and have no appetite for more,"answered Mr. Jones.

"Brother Jones, where shall we make our calls tonight?"

asked Oscar.

"Well, Brother Nelson, I believe you told me there were only two more families yet to be visited this month, unless you intend to call on Herbert Melbourne. You recollect you were asking me

last week if I knew whether he and his mother had been visited lately. I was talking to James Allen yesterday. You know he

was the leading teacher in our district before you were appointed, after your return from a mission. He told me he and his com12 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

panion used to visit Herbert's mother occasionally when they were pretty sure the son was not at home. They talked with Herbert

a few times, he said, after he came home from college, but they did not like his cynical manner. It appears to me from what

Brother Allen said, that Herbert was rather smart in asking puzzling questions; and he seemed to do it just to corner them on doctrines of the Church, and not for any enlightenment he was seeking. So they concluded he was too skeptical, and it was not worth

their while to waste time with him, so the teachers kept clear of the house whenever they believed he was at home."

"That is just what I have suspected. Now, I believe Herbert

is a pretty fine young man. You know him, don't you, Edward?"

asked Oscar.

"yes, I am slightly acquainted with him; but I never see

him at meetings in the ward. I do not know much of his history."

"Well, I will tell you in brief about him. His parents were

good Latterday Saints. They had quite a large family of boys

and girls. The children are now all grown up, and every one married except Herbert. The family was just fairly wellto-do. The

children had a good common school education. Herbert is the

youngest of the family, and as the other children left the home and started out in life for themselves, the father began to accumulate more means, and so he determined to give Herbert a collegiate education. Herbert was a studious boy and was highly pleased

with the prospects of going to college. After finishing a fouryear

course in our University, here in Salt Lake, he went to the University of Michigan, at Ann Arbor, where, I understand, he graduated with high honors. He did intend to follow the profession of law,

but for some reason he disliked it, and was somewhat undecided as to what he would follow. After his return home he taught

school for awhile; but that was distasteful to him, and from that

he went to a railway office, where he finally fell into a remunerative position which he still holds. His father died soon after his

return from the east, and he has been living with and taking care of his mother ever since. He is very kind to his mother, and does

everything to make her comfortable. But it appears that he has

lost faith in the gospel, or, at any rate, has become very indifferHERBERT MELBOURNE. 13

ent about it. All the other members of the family seem to be

strong in the faith, but Herbert evidently is not interested in religion. I believe he is a good, moral young man, and have hopes

that he will become interested in spiritual matters some day.

There are always hopes for a young man who is morally clean.

While he is an intelligent and well educated young man, he has not been educated spiritually. To be an intelligent Latterday

Saint, a person must study our doctrines. I believe that salvation

is education. But that is only another way of expressing what the

in hisProphet Joseph Smith said—that a man cannot be saved

ignorance, and that we are saved only so fast as we gain knowledge. Herbert is bright enough to understand the gospel, and will

appreciate its beauties if he once gets interested enough to investigate it."

"Then, I think it would be well to visit him. He may need

our visits more than some people in our district who are called upon every month. If he is willing to receive us as teachers we

may be able to do him some good. We can at least show our

good will towards him, and perhaps retain his friendship,"was

Edward's comment.

"That is how I feel about the matter. As to being made welcome at the house by him, I have no fears. Herbert is very gentle-

I have alreadymanly in his manner—is quite sociable, too. As

told you, he is not interested in religion, and is somewhat inclined to ridicule it. Well, if you say so, we'll go and visit him. I hope

we will find him at home. I am ready to go at any time now,

Edward.""I am at your service, Brother Nelson.''

A few words of prayer were offered; Oscar kissed his wife

and babies, and the two men were off.

Happily they found Herbert Melbourne at home. He cordially

invited them into the parlor, set chairs for them and bade them be seated, and before giving them a chance to state their errand, called to his mother, who was in the dining room adjoining, saying that teachers had called to see her, adding in the same breath, "I'm such a 'hopeless infidel'that they will not want to see me, so I would better retire."

"No; we've come to visit you, Herbert,"protested Brother

.

14 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

Nelson. Of course, we want to visit your mother, too; but our

special errand is to talk with you."

"Well, you are not like Allen and his companion. They gave

me up long ago as lost, and took good care to come and visit mother when I was not at home. I believe they were a little afraid

of me,"added Herbert, with a laugh, "because I propounded so many questions which they could not answer. Perhaps you can

solve the theological problems with which I am perplexed, so I shall give you a chance."

"If inability to answer your questions will frighten men away, we have cause to fear, for we don't pretend to be able to explain mysteries. As acting teachers in the Church, we have come to

ask questions rather than to answer conundrums; and I will begin

by asking you and your mother if you have any objections to us occupying a few moments of your time this evening in a heartto- heart talk; and further, will you permit us to begin in our usual

way as teachers, by offering prayer and singing a hymn?"

"I surely have no objections,"answered Herbert, "unless you make your prayers too long. Have you any, mother?"

"None whatever. I am glad to have their visits, and I assure

them that they are always welcome."

"I am not sure that you are acquainted with Brother Jones, my companion, Sister Melbourne. Herbert has met him before, I

believe,"said Oscar by way of introducing his fellow teacher.

"We have just recently been appointed to labor in this district."

"Well, you are welcome to come here as often as you find time,"said Mrs. Melbourne.

"Yes,"added Herbert, "if you can stand it, we can."

Brother Jones led in the prayer, and Brother Nelson led in the hymn. In fact, he sang the hymn almost entirely alone, his

companion being a poor singer.

"That's pretty good singing, Oscar, you ought to join a minstrel I should say, "exclaimed troupe—excuse me, an opera troupe,

Herbert, beginning to fire off his shots of sarcasm.

But Oscar thought it best not to notice his sallies, and to proceed to business at once.

"We have come,"he began, "to inquire into your spiritual condition, Herbert. As teachers in the Church, it is our misHERBERT MELBOURNE. 15

sion to see that the members are attending to their duties as

Saints, and to offer encouragement and counsel. We are expected

to see to it that the members under our charge meet often to worship in public and see that there is no iniquity in the Church, and to look after the general welfare of all those under our care."

"I do not know that you consider me a member. I'm not

much of a saint. I never go to meeting. Haven't paid tithing,

and don't believe in many doctrines taught in the Church,"explained Herbert.

"You were baptized, I presume, when eight years old, were you not?""0 yes, and was ordained a deacon when about thirteen years of age, but have renounced everything religious of late years. I

don't take any stock in it!"

"You have not renounced it in any formal haven't way—you

been dealt with for your fellowship, have you?"queried Brother

Nelson. "No; simply let the Church alone, and it has left me alone

that's all,"was the answer.

member—"Well, until you are formally dealt with, you are counted as a

"A dead member, yes!"

"Would you mind stating what particular doctrines of the

Church you object to?"requested Brother Jones who up to this

time had said but very little.

"Well, about everything."

"You don't claim to be an infidel, do you?"asked Brother

Nelson. "Not exactly that. I am what you might call an agnostic.

While I do not deny that there is a God, I do not know that there is such a being. Some people say they know that there is a God,

when in truth it is only a belief they have. They do not seem to

understand the difference between knowledge and faith,"Herbert replied. "Don't you think it is possible for one to get a knowledge of is, to know that he exists?"further inquired BrotherGod—that

Nelson. "If a person actually saw him, that, I consider, would be good

1 IMP110 VEMENT ERA

evidence that there was such a being. But I have never met any

one who would admit that he ever saw God; and yet many of our

preachers will testify most positively that they know he lives, and they attempt to describe his character, and so on."

"Hut don't you believe, Herbert, that it is possible for one to reach the conclusion that there is a Creator without actually seeing him?"

"Yes, he might do so, provided he were furnished with some the facttangible evidence—something that would demonstrate

beyond question."

"You want a mathematical demonstration?"

"Yes, something that would be conclusive."

"And what kind of demonstration would you consider as being conclusive?"

"I should say, seeing, or hearing, or feeling, would perhaps be the most substantial evidence one could have of the existence of anything, or of any being."

"Then you consider that we have only a knowledge of those things that appeal to our outward senses? You are conscious of

the fact that our senses may be deceived, and also that there are other means of obtaining knowledge aside from our physical senses.""Yes, I believe one can determine some facts from reason.

You know in law there are two kinds of testimony that are accepted sense a—direct evidence and circumstantial evidence. When we

thing, we have direct proof of its existence; conclusions deducted

through reasoning are what might be regarded as indirect evidence, or proof.""I understand that you have studied law, Herbert, and I believe you have stated it about right. Now let me ask you to apply

your knowledge of the law in answering another question: Which

is considered the best evidence, direct or circumstantial?"

"That is an unsettled question. It is difficult to determine.

As you just remarked, our senses may be deceived, and witnesses may not tell the truth, while circumstances, it is claimed, never

lie.""Yes, that's true. You are well posted on questions of law,

I see. I do not understand why you do not follow the profession.

HERBERT MELBOURNE. 17

Now you admit that circumstantial evidence is as good as direct evidence, do you?"

"Yes.""Facts can be proved from circumstances to your satisfaction and acceptance?"

"Oscar, I can see the purpose you have in carrying on this inquisition. You've got me to admit that circumstantial evidence

is conclusive, and now you are going to spring the proposition that the existence of a Creator is evident from circumstances.

But you will have to show me yet, so go on. By the way, you

would make a good prosecuting attorney. I'm surprised that you

are not a lawyer. You'd better hang out your shingle or run for

office of county attorney."

"Well, you know, a printer gets a smattering knowledge of law and nearly everything else. He picks it up as he picks up

the types. Now, seriously speaking, don'c you believe there is

sufficient circumstantial proof of the existence of a Creator?"

"Well, mention some, and then perhaps I can better answer your question."

give of what some you "Let me are regardedscience—as scientific college toproofs. been and studied have You

"But you know science and religion never agree, and religious teachers have the presumption to ask a man to accept religious dogmas, even when they are in conflict with demonstrated scientific truths!""You do not mean ministers of our Church. We may see as

we proceed, if science and true religion conflict. Truths are always

in harmony with each other, and wherever there is a disagreement there is something wrong with what is taught as religion or as science. Before we proceed further, let me ask your mother if

she will not take this comfortable rocker. Perhaps our discussion

will not interest her, in that case she can just take a quiet little nap."

"0 no, Brother Nelson, thank you, I am quite comfortable where I am; and I am interested in your conversation,"said Sister

Melbourne. "Yes,"added her son, "she's pleased when someone preaches religion to me. Well, perhaps I need it, if it is good for anyone,

for I haven't got any in me. You know she preaches to me a good

1 IMPR VEMENT ERA.

deal, and I guess she's about come to the conclusion that I am an ungrateful son, and a hopeless skeptic—our former teachers

came to that conclusion long ago, and quit visiting me."

"No, Herbert, I do not think you are ungrateful,"replied the mother; "you've been a good son to me, and have always taken

good care of your mother. Brother Nelson, he questions many

things pertaining to our faith, but his heart is good, and he has very few bad habits."

"I'm pleased to hear that from his mother, and I believe it is all true. I have known Herbert for many years, and I find him

possessed of good principles. In practice his religion is good so

far as it goes. All he needs is a little more understanding of its

theory, and then he will see the necessity of complying more fully with the gospel requirements. Say, Brother Jones, I do not want

to do all the talking for us. You are my companion teacher, so

do not let me monopolize all the time."

"0, you are doing well, so go on. I'll be the referee in this

debate,"urged Brother Jones.

"And I will be the interested audience,"added Sister Melbourne.

"Yes, go ahead, Oscar; you were going to show me that

science and superstition, which you call religion, can be harmonized,"exclaimed Herbert.

"I may come to that part of the subject after awhile; but what

I started to do was to give you scientific evidence of the existence of Deity. As a student you have observed that there is system in

nature throughout the universe. The planets of our solar system

revolve in perfect harmony, as do those of other systems that surround our own, so far as man can determine. The same beautiful

harmony exists on the individual.planets, taking our own as an

illustration. We have the alternating seasons, recurring with unfailing regularity; we have the daily transition from darkness to

light; and these changes not only afford variety, but they are necessary to our welfare. The same might be said of the mineral,

the vegetable, and the animal kingdoms: they not only afford beauty

to please the mind, but they, too, are for a purpose, and each one serves its own purpose most admirably. And when we inquire into

the minutest details of the creations and phenomena of nature we

HERBERT MELBOURNE. 19

find evidences of design, evidences of the deepest wisdom. When

we contemplate these wonderful things we are compelled to admit allvvise and allpowerfulthat nature has a great Designer—an

Creator and Controller."

"Yes, I will admit all that. I believe in the God of nature.

There must, of course, be some force that brought about these happy conditions; but that is as far as I can comprehend."

"I am pleased to hear you acknowledge that you believe that

I think you will agree with me, also, remuch—so far so good.

specting the character of the Creator, if you will consider the subject thoroughly. There are some persons who attempt to describe

God as the natural forces of the universe. But such a theory will

not account for what we know exists in the universe. The forces

of nature are only the means in the hands of the Creator. Natural

forces cannot reason and plan and carry out design. They must

be directed by a higher intelligence to bring about the results that we see about us. In this part of the country we depend greatly

upon irrigation of the soil to insure our food crops. Fortunately

for us, we dwell in valleys surrounded by high mountains. The

winter snows are stored in these mountains until they are needed by the farmer, then the heat of summer melts the snow and by the natural force of gravity the water is carried down the hillsides to be used by man as he may direct. What caused the mountains to

be uplifted? we ask. The force of internal disturbances causes the

upheaval. And what causes these eruptions? The force of pentup fires beneath the earth's crust, you answer. Then what causes

those fires? We may not be able to tell—the force of friction,

perhaps, as some claim. But no matter, we are compelled to

acknowledge that the first cause that directed these forces to act must be an intelligence, because the whole train of causes and effects is acting in unison to bring about a result that is for a particular purpose; that is, to enable man to exist upon the earth.

No matter what branch of nature we undertake to investigate, we find that all the wonderful forces of the universe are combined for the accomplishment of one grand purpose, and that is to make the happiness of man complete. I need but remind you that all races

of people have a natural tendency to worship a Creator. To some

extent they appreciate the beauties of creation, are led to admire 20 1MPRO VEMENT ERA.

them, and, of course, to admire in a higher degree the Creator of them. In their simplicity and ignorance, of course, some of them

are led to worship the forces of nature instead of the Director and fact servesController of those forces—the true Creator. But the

to show that belief in Deity is universal and has been since time immemorial."

"Oscar, you talk like a philosopher!"exclaimed Herbert

provokingly; "'Whence hath this man this wisdom? 1 'Almost thou

persuadest me to be a Christian.''Much learning doth make thee'

I'll paraphrase the scripture and say 'Much—I wont say the rest.

learning doth make thee wise."

"Thanks,"retorted Nelson; I am pleased to know that you

are able to quote scripture so readily, though it is somewhat disjointed. Your sarcasm will persist in breaking out occasionally;

but I do not mind, I'm nearly through with the subject—that is,

for the present."

"Excuse my interruption, Mr. Nelson,"apologized Herbert,

"it seems to be my nature to make such thrusts. I'll try not to

'break out'again."

Salt Lake City, Utah. [to be continued.]

TRUTH S DESTINY.

(For the Improvement Era.)

In truth's mighty battle, ye hosts of the Lord,

Your triumph shall come without carnage or sword,

The foe, it is true, is abroad in the land,

But he carries his own swift defeat in his hand.

Let the slanderer rail with his finger of scorn,

For his boast shall go down e'er his triumph is born.

Let the foe do his worst, every shaft he has sped

Shall return with a curse on his own guilty head.

Our victory's sure, though we waste not a breath,

For Error and Sin worketh sorrow and death.

So cleave to the truth which descends to our view,

Though her cause is obscure and her patriots few.

For Truth, born of heaven, Jehovah her friend,

The nations her field, and their conquest her end,

Shall march to her throne with a triumph complete,

With the earth and her enemies under her feet.

Salt Lake City, Utah. Theo. E. Curtis.

THE PHILOSOPHERS ON CONDUCT.

BY MILTON BENNION, PROFESSOR OF PHILOSOPHY, UNIVERSITY

OP UTAH.

III.

SOCRATES—XENOPHON.*

FROM BOOK I.

He would hold discourse from time to time, on what concerned mankind, considering what was pious, what impious; what was becoming, what unbecoming;

what was just, what unjust; what was sanity, what insanity; what was fortitude,

what cowardice; what a state was, and what the character of a statesman; what was

the nature of government over men, and the qualities of one skilled in governing them; and touching on other subjects, with which he thought that those who were

acquainted were men of worth and estimation, but that those who were ignorant of them might justly be deemed no better than slaves.

When he was a member of the senate, and had taken the senator's oath, in which it was expressed that he would vote in accordance with the laws, he, being president in the assembly of the people when they were eager to put to death Thrasyllus.Erasinides, and all the nine generals, by a single vote contrary to

the law, refused, though the multitude were enraged at him, and many of those in power uttered threats against him, to put the question to the vote, but considered it of more importance to observe his oath than to gratify the people contrary to what was right, or to seek safety against those who menaced him; for

he thought that the gods paid regard to men, not in the way in which some people suppose, who imagine that the gods know some things and do not know others, but he considered that the gods know all things, both what is said and what is done, and what is meditated in silence, and are present everywhere and give admonitions to men concerning everything human.

It also seems wonderful to me that any should have been persuaded that,

Socrates corrupted the youth. Socrates, who, in addition to what has been said,

* Extract from Xenophon's Memorabilia of Socrates. Watson's Translation.

Published by George Bell & Sons, London.

22 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

of him, was not only the most rigid of all men in the government of his passions, and appetites, but also most able to withstand cold, heat, and every kind of labor, and besides so inured to frugality, that, though he possessed very little, he very easily made it a sufficiency. How, then, being of such a character

himself could he have rendered others impious, or lawless, or luxurious, or incontinent, or too effeminate to endure labor? On the contrary he restrained

many of them from such vices, leading them to love virtue, and giving them hopes that if they would take care of themselves, they would become honorable and worthy characters. Not indeed that he ever professed to be an instructor in

that way, but by showing that he was himself such a character, he made those in his society hope that by imitating him, they might become such as he was.

But I think that young men who exercise their understanding, and expect to become capable of teaching their fellowcitizens what is for their interests, grow by no means addicted to violence, knowing that on violence attend enmity and danger, but that, by persuasion, the same results are attained without peril, and with good will; for those who are compelled by us, hate us as if despoiled of

something, while those who are persuaded by us, love us as if they had received a favor.

To the gods he simply prayed that they would give him good things, as believing that the gods knew best what things are good; and those who prayed

for gold, or silver, or dominion, or anything of that kind, he considered to utter no other sort of request than if they were to pray that they might play at dice, or fight, or do anything else of which it is quite uncertain what the results

will be.

When he offered small sacrifices from his small means, he thought that he was not inferior in merit to those who offer numerous and great sacrifices from ample and abundant means; for he said that it would not become the gods to

delight in large rather than in small sacrifices; since if such were the case, the

offerings of the bad would oftentimes be more acceptable to them than those of the good; nor would life be of any account in the eyes of men, if oblations from

the bad were better received by the gods than oblations from the good; but he

thought that the gods had most pleasure in the offerings of the most pious.

He also used to quote, with approbation, the verse,

Perform sacrifices to the gods according to your ability,

and use to say that it was a good exhortation to men, with regard to friends and guests, and all other relations of life, to perform according to their ability.

So frugal was he, that I do not know whether any one could earn so little by the labor of his hands, as not to procure sufficient to have satisfied

Socrates. He took only o much food as he could eat with a keen relish; and to

this end he came to his meals so disposed that the appetite for his meat was the sauce to it. Every kind of drink was agreeable to him, because he never draik unless he was thirsty.

THE PHILOSOPHERS ON CONDUCT. 23

Is it not the duty of every man to consider that temperance is the foundation of every virtue, and to establish the observance of it in his mind before al 1 things? For who, without it, can either learn anything good, or sufficiently

practice it? Who, that is a slave to pleasure, is not in an ill condition both as

to his body and his mind? It appears to me * * that a freeman ought to

pray that he may never meet a slave of such a character, and that he who is a slave to pleasure should pray to the gods that he may find well disposed masters for by such means only can a man of that sort be saved.

You, Antipho, seem to think that happiness consists in luxury and extravagance; but I think to want as little as possible is to make the nearest approach

to the gods; that the Divine nature is perfection, and that to be nearest to the

Divine nature is to be nearest to perfection.

FROM BOOK 2.

The following paragraph is from an address by Virtue, represented as a female figure, to Hercules:

I will not deceive you * * with promises of pleasure, but will set before you things as they really are, and as the gods have appointed them; for of what is

valuable and excellent, the gods grant nothing to mankind without labor and care; and if you wish the gods, therefore, to be propitious to you, you must worship the gods; if you seek to be beloved by your friends, you must serve your

friends; if you desire to be honored by any city, you must benefit that city; if

you long to be admired by all Greece for your merit, you must endeavor to be of advantage to all Greece; if you are anxious that the earth should yield you abundance of fruit, you must cultivate the earth; * * or if you wish to be vigorous in body, you must accustom your body to obey your mind, and exercise it

with toil and exertion.

FROM BOOK 3.

The best men, and those most beloved of the gods, he [Socrates] observed, were those who in agriculture performed their agricultural duties well, those who, in medicine, performed their medical duties well, and those who, in political offices, performed their public duties well: but he who did nothing well, he said,

was neither useful for any purpose nor acceptable to the gods.

FROM BOOK 4.

* * He showed that men of the best natural endowments, possessed of the greatest strength of mind, and most energetic in executing what they undertake, become, if well disciplined and instructed in what they ought to do, most estimable characters, and most beneficent to society, (as they then performed most numerous and important services,) but that if uninstructed, and left in ignorance, they proved utterly worthless and mischievous; for that, not knowing

what line of conduct they ought to pursue, they often entered upon evil courses,.

24 1MPR0 VEMENT ERA

and being haughty and impetuous, were difficult to be restrained or turned from their purpose, and thus occasioned very many and great evils.

Socrates was never in haste that his followers should become skilled in speaking, in action, or in invention, but, previous to such accomplishments, he thought it proper that a love of selfcontrol should be instilled into them; for he

considered that those who had acquired those qualifications were, if devoid of selfcontrol, only better fitted to commit injustice and to do mischief.

He that orders and holds together the whole universe in which are all things beautiful and good, and who preserves it always unimpaired, undisordered, and undecaying, obeying his will swifter than thought and without irregularity, is himself manifest only in the performance of his mighty works, but is invisible to us while he regulates them.

FROM BOOK 5.

* * I consider that those live best who study best to become as good as possible; and that those live with most pleasure who feel the most assurance that

they are daily growing better and better.

It is indeed acknowledged that no man of all that are remembered, ever endured death with greater glory [than Socrates]; for he was obliged to live

thirty days after his sentence, * * and during that time he was seen by all his friends living in no other way than at any preceding period; let it be observed

throughout all the former part of his life he had been admired beyond all men for the cheerfulness and tranquility with which he lived.

Of those who knew what sort of a man Socrates was, such as were lovers of virtue continue to regret him above all men, even to the present day, as having contributed in the highest degree to their advancement in goodness. To me,

such as I have described him, so pious that he did nothing without the sanction of the gods; so just, that he wronged no man even in the most trifling affair, but was

of service in the most important matters to those who enjoyed his society; so

temperate that he never preferred pleasure to virtue; so wise that he never

erred in distinguishing better from worse, needing no counsel from others, but being sufficient in himself to discriminate between them; so able to explain and

settle such questions by argument; and so capable of discerning the character of

others, of confuting those who were in error, and of exhorting them to virtue and honor, he seemed to be such as the best and happiest of men would be. But

if any one disapproves of my opinion, let him compare the conduct of others with that of Socrates, and determine accordingly.

Forest Dale, Utah.

[Photo by C. R. Savage.]

In the Rocky Mountains.

Grand Canyon of the Arkansas, on the Rio Grande Railroad.

I

MY THREE INVISIBLE COMPANIONS.

BY PRESIDENT W. A. HYDE, OF THE POCATELLO STAKE OF ZIOX.

THE TEMPTER.

thou incarnate, invisible one, ordained of Hell, and permitted of Heaven,—unloved yet inseparable soulcompanion, single or

innumerable, yet one and the same in essence and object,—

would speak with thee.

Thee I know not; feel not; know,—yet feel,—yet hear,—yet

hear not, but thou must know nd feel and hear: now I marshal

my soul that I may accuse thee, thou minister and plenipotentiary of evil!

Thy mission is destruction, and the end of thy counselings is death. Thou settest thy snare for the child, and the little one

shall not escape thee. Scarce had I laid aside the swaddling

clothes of the prattler, and donned the vestments of reason, ere thou didst stand by the way to lead me. Thou didst put forth the

hand of gentleness and thy words were sweet as honey; yet in thy

heart was no pity, and hate welled up in thy bowels as a spring of bitterness. Thou didst set my hands to do evil, and I understood

thee not. Thou didst put me to play with flowers, the thorns

whereof pricked me, but thy face was covered and thy smile I did not see.

thou arch magician, by what master tricks of necromancy hast thou shared my way through these long years unrebuked.

Thou didst come dancing to me in my youth, suiting thy airy lightness to my playful soul, and bravely with wideopen eyes I followed thee, I knew not whither. At thy sportive nod, I cast aside my

shield of prudence, and thou didst hurl thy javelin to my center.

MY THREE INVISIBLE COMPANIONS. 27

I cried aloud in my hurt, but the darkness enveloped thee, and I heard thee not till the wound was healed,when thou didst come with modesty and gently did begin again to woo me.

that I might see thee, to know thee; come from the shadow

of thy hiding place, that I may hate thee.

Who has given thee the key of my heart?—therein are my

treasures; and of mv mind, for therein are my powers; yet thou

plannest while I sleep, the battle of the morrow. The weak places

of the citadel, thou hast discovered, and my soul shall be delivered up to thee; thou lookest upon my clean hands and laughest in glee,

for these shall be soiled in the battle.

Thou wast never a child nor youth, only as similitude has made thee such; ancient and modern arts thou dost possess, and thy

cunning has been wrought out through many generations. Upon

thy tongue is childish thought for childish mind, and thou reasonest keenly with the philosopher.

At the noon of time thou didst stand before a God, and thy words were the wisdom of evil; and now in my manhood, when

many wounds have made me fear, and many snares have taught me caution, thou comest ever in new guise.

Thou liest in ambush, thou arguest, thou disclaimest, thou arrayest my mind against itself, and in my confusion thou takest me. Thou art never ashamed and dost never tire. Resisted, thou

dost flee, to return again when I weary of watching. Ten thousand

plans dost thou conceive, and thy plots are numberless. When I

gird myself with righteousness thou art near me, and thine eye piercest mine armor. When I pray, thou addest thine unction;

when I would give, thou biddest my heart rejoice at my charity;

thou revealest to my left hand what my right hand doeth, and giveth me pride in mine uprightness. Where shall I escape thee

when thou makest evil of my good? Only in the bondage of evil

have I freedom from thee, for then dost thou stand apart and joy at my overthrow.

1 would that resistance might thwart and defeat thee entirely.

Would that mine ears could be locked to thy whisperings: my

soul, listen not to this dealer in lies.

Yet thou art not wholly victorious? for my soul abhorreth

thee; and thou art not wholly devoid of good, for thou hast taught

.

28 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

me fear. Thou settest up against the truth, thy plausible lies,

and my choice has taught me wisdom. Among thy traps and pits

I walk with prudence, lest I fall in them. I set a watch upon my

towers, that thou come not in the night upon me. I bend mine

ear to the Good Spirit, and open mine ear to his whisperings, that thou mayest not beguile me; yea, I search for the rock, that my

feet may stand securely.

Yet shall I not boast of strength in thy presence, for thine ears hear my vanity, and straightway thou settest a host to gird me about; rather shall Hear my God and trust in him, for he alone

can deliver me.

THE GUARDIAN.

my soul, be thou comforted, and be thou not afraid, fear

God and him only, for his salvation is sure, he shall deliver thee.

He setteth one as a watchman over thee; in his hand is

strength, and valor and wisdom are in him, and he shall be a bulwark and rock of defense against thine enemy.

My soul, be thou not up thy loins in strength. dismayed,—gird

Let thine ear hear and thine heart understand.

Angel Guardian, hear thou my words while my soul communes with thee. I have heard thy voice, and I know that thou art.

Thou dost counsel good, and thy paths are righteous, for God hath commissioned thee. Strength is in thine arm and authority in thy

presence, and none shall lay hand upon me to harm me. Thou

sittest as a watchman upon the tower and thou beholdest mine enemies. Thou hedgest me round about, that my tabernacle bo

not delivered to Satan, and my soul to the Adversary.

When an infant thou didst know me, and when a child thou wast near me, and didst put forth thine hand to shield me. When

my feet walked in dangerous paths, thou didst guide me safely so that I perished not: thou hast been very tender unto me. While

I slept, thou hast communed with my spirit, and in the silence of the night thou hast warned me.

Thou rejoicest in my righteousness and sorrowest at my evils.

Thou goest into my closet with me and seest me pray, and in the secret places of my sins thou hast observed me. Let mine eyes

be covered up, and my face be ashamed that thou hast seen.

MY THREE INVISIBLE COMPANIONS. 29

When thick dangers threaten, thou speakest to my spirit in warning, and happy am I if I hear and heed the words of thy counsel; yea, may my spirit hear thy voice and know it, as the

sheep the shepherd. Yea, I would be constrained of good, but

thou constrainest not: thou deliverest the body from evil, that the

adversary lay not his hand upon it, but my judgment thou takest not away Thou guardest the gates of my tabernacle, and my temple thou defendest, that the unholy enter not, but the sanctuary of the conscience thou dost not invade. Let confusion come

upon me, and sorrow and defeat be my portion, when I shall offend and dismiss thee. By my bended knee, know thou my humility

and repentance, and desert me not. 0, consider my mortality, for

I am of the earth; my spirit would fly with thee and be delivered,

but my soul awaiteth the deliverance of my Redeemer. my soul,

thouawake and consider,—stretch forth thine hand that happily

mayest feel, open thine ear that thou mayest hear. my companion, turn thou not from me for my follies, but walk with me to

the end; then may I clasp thy hand and see thee and know thee

again, brother and angel companion of my soul.

THE. GOOD SPIRIT.

Bow down, my soul, in humility, let fear come upon me; let

my heart tremble because of my transgressions, for thine eye is upon me and thou hast known my follies.

Thou searchest my inmost parts; yea thou knowest the deep

things, and ascendest into the uttermost bounds of the universe.

Spirit of Truth, unknowable power and influence of Deity, let me speak in humility that I be not condemned.

My heart rejoices in the love of my Redeemer, yea he has greatly blessed me, and his hand has not been withholden. By

his grace hath he wrought out my salvation, and mercy is in his heart, and the law of kindness upon his lips.

He looketh upon his sons and daughters and considereth them, yea, he neglecteth not any of them.

He lighteth a flame in the heart, he putteth his Spirit there as a light; yea it shall be a lamp to his path all his days.

The things of old are known unto thee, and thou knowest the future also; the secrets of the earth are thine, and the stars hold

30 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

not back their mysteries; thou seest beyond the curtains, and thine

eye piercest the deep.

Thy mouth is full of wisdom, and righteous counsels proceed from thee. Thou puttest thy words into my mouth, yea, my mind

is illuminated, and thou makest me to know the peaceable things.

My soul testifieth, yea, it beareth witness; thou looseneth my

tongue to speak eloquence, and maketh my words to convert the ungodly; yea, I stand before the unbeliever and am not ashamed,

for thou hast written the law of redemption upon my heart. My

spirit looketh into the past and knoweth its beginning, and the future thou hast not witheld; yea, intelligence is its seed, and

truth the root of it. Thou makest me a son of God, yea thou puttest Divinity in me. Out of the immensity of the past am I come,

and the future shall not restrain me; thou biddest me to grow, and

quickenest my heart with the power of the infinite. Thou watchest

over my soul as the mother over her infant. In thy love thou

chidest me, and thy reproof bringeth sorrow to my heart. Thou

dost strive with my soul, and dost bear with forgiveness my weaknesses; thou whisperest patience and fortitude; thou givest me

faith to stand. Thou rebukest the adversary of my soul, when

he would slay me, and circlest me about with the strength of a legion. my soul, remember the law of righteousness, and go not in the way of evil. Stay thou not in the path of transgression, lest

I be smitten for mine evils, and the light depart from me. Who

shall bear thy sharp words,and the words of thine anger who shall endure, for they burn as an iron from the forge?

Leave me not to mine enemies; be merciful, Lord, let thy

Spirit strive with me yet awhile.

"Search me, God, and know my heart: try me and know my

thoughts: and see if there be any wicked way in me, and lead me

in the way everlasting."

Pocatello, Idaho.

SOME UTAH BIRDS.

BY CLAUDE T. BARNES, M. S. P. R., MEMBER NATIONAL ASSOCIATION AUDUBON SOCIETY.

V—ARKANSAS FLYCATCHER.

(Tyrannus Verticalis.)

He hath no friends but what are friends for fear;

Which, in his dearest need, will—Shakespeare:fly from him. Richard III.

The previous articles in this series have been, for the most part, on different members of the family Icteridae—Orioles,—we

having considered the Western Meadow Lark, the Redwing Blackbird and Bullock's Oriole. We shall, therefore, for the present,

at least, pass the following Utah members of the same family: the

Bobolink (Dolichonyx oryzivorous), the Yellow Headed Blackbird (Xanthocephalus Icterocephalus) and Brewer's Blackbird (Scolecospecies butjphagus cyanocephalus),—all of them being interesting

not sufficiently unlike their brothers already written upon, to merit separate treatment.

We come, then, to a new family, the Tyrannidce, or Tyrant

Flycatchers, which are found only in the New World. There are

numerous subfamilies; but the only one that belongs to North

America is the Tyrannince. After considerable research, I find in

Utah the following representatives of this subfamily: the Kingbird (Tyrannus carolinensis), the Arkansas Flycatcher (Tyrannus

veiticalis) the Ashthroated Flycatcher {Myiarchus crinitus cinerascens); Say's Pewee (Sayornis sayus); the Olive Sided Flycatcher

(contupus borealis); the Western Wood Pewee (contopus virens

richardsoni); the Little Flycatcher (Empidonax Pusillus); the

32 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

Western Yellowbellied Flycatcher (Empidonaxjlaviventris difficilis) and Wright's Flycatcher (Empidonax obseurus). Of these the

Blackheaded Kingbird and the Ashthroated Flycatcher are fairly common; but the most numerous bird of this family in our intermountain valleys is the Arkansas Flycatcher, which it is the

purpose of this article to discuss.

Arkansas Flycatcher.

In view of the fact that the Arkansas Flycatcher has many near relatives in Utah, a close description of him is opportune. It

may be said, however, that if you stroll beside the roadside trees and look through your opera glasses at what the boys call a "Kingbird"you are likely to discover an Arkansas Flycatcher.

The photograph herewith faithfully delineates the outline of

SOME UTAH BIRDS. 33

the bird, which suggests at once aggressiveness and pugnacity.

The general color aspect, above, is lead or light ash, on the head and neck, olivaceous ash on the back, brownish ash on the rump and brownish black on the tail. The outer webs and the

shafts of the side tail feathers are white; and all of the tail feathers are tipped with light brown. The whole tail is long and slightly

forked.

The wings are brown, though the basal inner webs of the primaries and secondaries and a marginal part of the outer webs of the fcertials, are whitish.

By parting the feathers on the top of the head, we find a crimson crest which is yellowish before and behind. The black

bill is fitted with a tiny hook at the end.

The region about the eye and the throat is pale ash color like the back neck; the breast is olivaceous yellow; the abdomen, lemon

yellow and the under tail coverts the same color, though of a more whitish cast.

The under tail is blackish brown with a pure white stripe running down each side—the outer margins of the outer feathers.

The under wings are ashy brown and the feet are black with the exception of the connecting lines of the scutellce (scale plates) which*are gray.

The three outer wing quills are sharply cut away at the extremities; and the third and fourth feathers are longest. The whole

length of the bird is eight and a quarter inches.

The Arkansas Flycatcher is distributed quite plentifully over that territory between the high central plains and the Pacific, though a few accidental specimens are taken in the Eastern states.

In Utah, the males arrive in May, the females coming soon afterward; and all depart again in October.

Thefhabits of this bird are extremely conspicuous and interesting. The whole family seems to be engaged in a perpetual

broil, though I am inclined to believe that the conflicts are good natured and incited by a mere love of encounter. When other

birds, however, approach the tree which the flycatchers have chosen, the attack becomes one of fierce hatred and daring. Even

the great Swainson hawk, then, flees from the onslaught of the flycatcher into whose domain he had chanced to make a customary selfconfident incursion; and, often, he is pestered for half a mile

.:

34 IMPR VEMENT ERA

before the valorous birds leave him. Still, in some of our Utah

lanes, where many feathered varieties fill the air with chirping and song, the flycatcher permits English sparrows, meadow larks, mourning doves, Bullock's orioles, and purple finches to alight upon the lower limbs of his tree, contenting his tyrannical nature by keeping clear the upper branches from which he overlooks all.

The farmer who keeps many chickens will do well to let the kingbirds occupy the barnyard tree, for though hawks may miss the gun, they always get a bothersome reception from the flycatchers.

In fact one of the easiest means of detecting the presence of kingbirds is by noticing their fights. If, upon approaching a tree

several hundred yards away, one see two birds shoot out suddenly from its branches, struggle in the air and then calmly return, one may be certain that the belligerants are kingbirds. The very name

it the unmistakableof these birds—''flycatchers"—carries with

import that they spend a good deal of their time in the air. Sometimes, when a desperate encounter is on, two birds will clutch each

other and fall fighting to the ground where they continue in true sparrow fashion; but by far the more conflicts begin and end while

the combatants are on the wing.

It is difficult to appreciate the calling of the flycatcher's discordant, clicking warble, which Nuttall says resembles "tsh'k- tsh'k-tshivait,"a song, for in fact there is more clamorous squawk than melody about the noise it constantly utters.

Matthews, however, puts his stridulous notes in music as follows

Kerrip kerrip quirp, ker r-r ker-r r ker-r-r!

Early in the morning when the grass is still crisp with dew, the kingbird seems to say, "Wakeup, wakeup, lazy, cur, cur-r-r, cur-r-r!;"but aside from these rasping twitters he cannot be said

to be capable of song.

As these birds are found in almost every fertile portion of Utah, we can expect to chance upon their nests anywhere—in the barnyard

locust, the lone apple tree, the peach tree, the big box elder trees, or in the mountain oaks. It seems to suit the tyrannical inclinatio

.,

SOME UTAH BIRDS. 35

of the kingbird to occupy a lone tree or a solitary clump of trees, for thereby his dominance is facilitated.

The nest is constructed of twigs, coarse grasses, wool and lichens, the whole being lined with hair; and it may rest in the

crotch of the tree or upon a limb. The eggs, about four in number,

are an inch long and of crystalline whiteness marked with dashes of reddish and purplish brown near the larger end.

The economic importance of this bird is seldom appreciated, for few realize that ninety per cent of its food consists of insects gathered from among myriads of May beetles, click beetles, wheat and fruit weevils, grasshoppers, and leaf hoppers. The

kingbird has been accused of destroying bees; but the Biological

Survey examined 281 stomachs finding that only 14 contained bees, 50 in all, 40 drones, 4 workers and 6 undetermined. Ten

per cent of the kingbird's food consists of small fruit such as elder berries, blackberries, and wild cherries.

The young are fed on crickets and grasshoppers, one bird being capable of devouring over a hundred in a single day. Of interesting habits, of great service to man, the Arkansas Flycatcher

with his kindred truly merit the protection our Utah statute affords

Salt Lake City, Utah.

THANKSGIVING.

1 ittle wetter,Makes you feel so fresh and bloomin', Helps you ge a

When the Autumn days are here, When the snows bring summer's death

Old leaves fallin'winds a blowin',

Keeps you full o'mirth and cheer. Yes, Thanksgivin* time's a comin',

Like to go along a kickin"With its turkeys, pies and fun,

Of the dead leaves on the street, And we all rejoice together,

Feel like gettin'out and hollerin', When we think our best we've done;

'Cause thanksgivin'soon we'11 greet. But there's room for much improvement,

As we weigh each slight mistake,

Want to get right out a bracin* And we gather 'round the table,

All the storms whene'er they come, Of its bounties to partake.

Makes you feel like you're a'racin'Then we feel to ask the Father, 'Long life's race track's busy hum. While our hearts are full o* cheer,

Makes you like your lessons better, That he'll help us in achieving

Feelin'Autumn's frosty breath. Better deeds from year to year.

Sarah M - Williams. Heber, Utah.

SELFCONTROL.*

BY WILLIAM GEORGE JORDAN.

VI.—THE GREATNESS OF SIMPLICITY.

Simplicity is the elimination of the nonessential in all things.

It reduces life to its minimum of real needs; raises it to its maximum of powers. Simplicity means the survival,—not of the fittest, but of the best. In morals it kills the weeds of vice and

weakness so that the flowers of virtue and strength may have room to grow. Simplicity cuts off waste and intensifies concentration. It converts flickering torches into searchlights.

All great truths are simple. The essence of Christianity

could be given in a few words; a lifetime would be but continued

seeking to make those words real and living in thoughts and acts.

The true Christian's individual belief is always simpler than his church creed, and upon these vital, foundation elements he builds his life. Higher criticism never rises to the heights of his simplicity. He does not care whether the whale swallowed Jonah,

or Jonah swallowed the whale. Hairsplitting interpretation of

words and phrases is an intellectual dissipation he has no time for.

He cares naught for the anatomy of religion; he has its soul. His

simple faith he lives,—in thought and word and act, day by day.

Like the lark he lives nearest the ground; like the lark he soars

highest towards heaven.

The minister whose sermons are made up merely of flowers of rhetoric, sprigs of quotation, sweet fancies and perfumed

* From SelfControl; its Kingship and Majesty. Copyright 1889 and 1905

by Fleming H. Revell Company.

SELFCONTROL. 37

commonplaces, is—consciously or unconsciously posing in the

pulpit. His literary charlotterusses, sweet froth on a spongy,

pulpy base, never helped a human soul,—they give neither

strength nor inspiration. If the mind and heart of the preacher

were really thrilled with the greatness and simplicity of religion, he would, week by week, apply the ringing truths of his faith to the vital problems of daily living. The test of a strong, simple

sermon is results,—not the Sunday praise of his auditors, but

their bettered lives during the week. People who pray on their

knees on Sunday and prey on their neighbors on Monday, need simplicity in their faith.

No character can be simple unless it is based on truth,—

unless it is lived in harmony with one's own conscience and ideals.

Simplicity is the pure, white light of a life lived from within. It

is destroyed by any attempt to live in harmony with public opinion. Public opinion is a conscience owned by a syndicate,

where the individual is merely a stockholder. But the individual

has a conscience of which he is sole proprietor. Adjusting his

life to his own ideals is the royal road to simplicity. Affectation

is the confession of inferiority; it is an unnecessary proclamation

that one is not living the life he pretends to live.

Simplicity is restful contempt for the nonessentials of life. It is restless hunger for the nonessentials that is the secret

of most of the discontent of the world. It is constant striving to

outshine others that kills simplicity and happiness.

Nature, in all her revelations, seeks to teach man the greatness of simplicity. Health is but the living of a physical life in

harmony with a few simple, clearly defined laws. Simple food,

simple exercise, simple precaution will work wonders. But man

grows tired of the simple things, he yields to subtle temptations in eating and drinking, listens to his palate instead of to Nature, he suffers. He is then led into intimate acquaintance with—and

despepsia, and he sits like a child at his own bounteous table, forced to limit his eating to simple food that he scorned.

There is a tonic strength in the hour of sorrow and affliction, in escaping from the world and society and getting back to the simple duties and interests we have slighted and forgotten. Our

world grows smaller, but it grows dearer and greater. Simple

38 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

things have a new charm for us, and we suddenly realize that we have been renouncing all that is greatest and best, in our pursuit of some phantom.

Simplicity is the characteristic that is the most difficult to simulate. The signature that is most difficult to imitate is the

one that is most simple, most individual and most free from flourishes. The bank note that is the most difficult to counterfeit

successfully is the one that contains the fewest lines and has the least intricate detail. So simple is it that any departure from

the normal is instantly apparent. So is it also in mind and in

morals.

Simplicity in act is the outward expression of simplicity.in

thought. Men who carry on their shoulders the fate of a nation

are quiet, modest, unassuming. They are often made gentle,

calm and simple by the discipline of their responsibility. They

have no room in their minds for the pettiness of personal vanity.

It is ever the drummajor who grows pompous when he thinks that the whole world is watching him as he marches at the head of the procession. The great general, bowed with the honors of

many campaigns, is simple and unaffected as a child.

The college graduate assumes the airs of one to whom is committed the wisdom of the ages, while the great man of science, the Columbus of some great continent of investigation, is simple and humble.

The longest Latin derivatives seem necessary "to express the thoughts of young writers. The world's great masters in literature can move mankind to tears, give light and life to thousands

in darkness and doubt, or scourge a nation for its folly,—by

words so simple as to be commonplace. But transfigured by the

divinity of genius, there seems almost a miracle in words.

Life grows wondrously beautiful when we look at it as simple, when we can brush aside the trivial cares and sorrows and worries and failures and say, "They don't count. They are not

the real things of life; they are but interruptions. There is

something within me, my individuality, that makes all these gnats of trouble seem too trifling for me to permit them to have any dominion over me."Simplicity is a mental soil where artifice,

lying, deceit, treachery and selfish, low ambition cannot grow

SELFCONTROL. 39

The man whose character is simple looks truth and honesty so straight in the face that he has no consciousness of intrigue and corruption around him. He is deaf to the hints and whispers

of wrong, that a suspicious nature would suspect even before they existed. He scorns to meet intrigue with intrigue, to hold power

by bribery, to pay weak tribute to an inferior that has a temporary inning. To true simplicity, to perceive a truth is to begin

to live it, to see a duty is to begin to do it. Nothing great can

ever enter into the consciousness of a man of simplicity and remain but a theory. Simplicity in a character is like the needle in

it knows only one point, its North, its ideal.a compass,—

Let us seek to cultivate this simplicity in all things in our life. The first step toward simplicity is "simplifying."The

beginning of mental or moral progress is always,—renunciation

or sacrifice. It is rejection, surrender or destruction of separate

phrases of habit or life that have kept us from higher things.

Reform your diet and you simplify it; make your speech truer and

higher and you simplify it; reform your morals and you begin to

cut off your immorals. The secret of all true greatness is simplicity. Make simplicity the keynote of your life and you will be

great, no matter though your life be humble and your influence seem but little. Simple habits, simple manners, simple needs,

are the pure manifestations of a simple words, simple faiths,—all

mind and heart of simplicity.

Simplicity is never to be associated with weakness and ignorance. It means reducing tons of ore to nuggets of gold. It

means the light of fullest knowledge; it means that the individual

has seen the folly and nothingness of those things that make up the sum of the life of others. He has lived down what

others are blindly seeking to live up to. Simplicity is the sun of

a selfcentered and pure life,—the secret of any specific greatness

in the life of the individual.

(to be continued. )

IN THE BUSINESS OF THE LORD.

BY ELDER D. H. FOWLER, ASSISTANT EDITOR OF "LIAHONA, THE

ELDERS'JOURNAL."

The world is getting better. One of the greatest evidences

of it is the contrivances that men are continually bringing into use for the saving of time and energy.

Only a few years ago the cured can of meat was about the only product of the packing house. Now there are sideproducts

that form a great asset to the business. The sinews and hoofs

are made into fertilizers to bless the farmer; the jointoils, into

lubricants for the driver's wheel; certain fats are transformed

into a fair substitute for butter, oleomargarine; the horns go to the

cutler's, and the hair finds a place in the plasterer and mason's trade. So, too, in the manufacture of most other things that

the world needs, as well as in farming, fruitgrowing, and the like, a greater or less saving in materials and products is effected.

The same is true in the world of labor. Time was when

myriads of hands were employed in making cloth that is now produced by a fraction of the number, by the use of timesaving machinery. In all lines of the world's work, man's will dictates

the turning out of man's necessaries through the inventions of genius, whereas toilsome labor used to do it by sheer human strength. Great blocks of stone and other building materials

had to be laboriously raised into place by a multitude of human hands; now one human finger presses a button, and harnessed electricity or steam hoists ponderous masses aloft with ease. A given

number of men can now do infinitely more towards the great task of subduing the earth than they could a few decades ago. Which,

IN THE BUSINESS OF THE LORD. 41

in the broader sense, is the only business of man, and the one for which the Creator put him on the earth—to subdue it, and

make himself in the process.

The reason why I think that this trend of things, this tendency to conserve energy, is an evidence of the world's getting better, is because it is more like the business of the Lord.

We see all around us how this invention and that has been made to do wonderful things, how by the use of it three or four, or perchance a hundred, times the amount of time or power can now be saved over the old way, by bringing the new machine to bear.

But so few of us, perhaps, ever sense the deeper significance of it all. We do not always look far enough to see the overshadowing hand of the great Maker of the universe in it. When

we do, we must see that the multitude of forcesaving devices that are daily being worked out and brought into play upon the business of the world, is making the world gravitate toward the way the Lord has of doing things.

In other words, the Lord is the greatest conserver of energy there is. And his designs and methods of accomplishing things

are the most perfect and energysaving that we know of.

For, in the economy of God there is no waste.

In the economy of men there used to be a multifarious waste, now we have found out more about the nature of God's handiwork, and so can save more time and worldforce.

There is mention made in the scriptures, something about the "preparation of the Lord"in the last days. It seems to me that

this tendency of the present day to conserve energy in the mighty hum of the world's industries, and in general business, is a it helps tovery noteworthy phase of "his preparation."And

bring home to our minds the fact that we must be living in that prophetic time when all things are to be "brought together in

Christ."For if it teaches anything at all, it tells us that the

ways of this world of ours are becoming more like the ways of

Christ. It speaks in unmistakable language that as we as earthpeople improve more and more in our manner of doing our work,

as well as in morals and all other phases of living and of life, we are heading for the time when the Son of God will come down on earth with us and show us a still "more excellent way"to trans-.

42 IMPR VEMENT ERA

act our business and accomplish our purposes, as well as a wiser method of governing ourselves.

So we see this earth and its inhabitants are gradually converging toward the status of a celestial sphere. The powerconserving devices and systems that men are all the time discovering and bringing to bear upon worldproblems are bringing us

steadily closer to the Lord and the means he employs to effect his ends. No doubt about it, is there? Come and make with me a

little reflective study.

I said that the Lord was the greatest conserver of energy that we know of. Let us see what the annals of the great past

have to say about it.

In placing man upon this globe of ours to find a home here, the Almighty warned him not to break a certain divine command or he would fall from immortality to the thorny world of mortal being. However, he disobeyed the injunction, but the Lord

turned it to account anyhow, and the matter fell out so that it it the earthbecame a blessing instead of a curse—through

became peopled with souls that needed such earthexperience.

Again, in the earliest times there existed a band of choice spirits that had come through the lineage of a noble man, "Abraham. Jehovah wanted to use this chosen people"for a

special purpose. But they fell into galling bondage for a long

epoch under the cruel Egyptians. So the Alwise turned the

incident to good accout. He had a goodly land afar off that he

wished his "chosen Israel"to possess, but the divine mind fully comprehended that these people were too feeblekneed to undertake the arduous task of traveling to it, too vacillating to bear the toils and trials incident to such a journey—without being

goaded to it. The grievousness of the Egyptian bondage accomplished that result, or, at least, such a portion of the feat that

sufficed for the purpose. They left their homes of thraldom and

were piloted a long distance into the wilds of the intervening country, but were not allowed to enter the promised land on account of their almost incessant murmuring against their leader and their divine [Captain, for enticing them into the toilsome venture. But their children did.

Another: In the story of this ancient western half of the

IN THE BUSINESS OF THE LORD. 43

world, "a faction of its inhabitants showed a wholly unrighteous disposition toward God and man, and he cursed them with "a skin of blackness,"and withdrew his fellowship from them, which left them in a deplorable state of souldarkness and savagery.

Though doubtless the allloving Father deplored very much the necessity of this severe action toward the Lamanites, yet, as it was unavoidable, he made use of the circumstance, even though it was an evil one. He thereafter used the Lamanites as a battering-ram of judgment, as a thorn in the side of the Nephites, to

keep them spurred up to a lively sense of their allegiance to the

God of Israel. And this that they might reap the advantages of

their keeping in close touch with their Creator.

Right here, let us point out the great sweeping principle enunciated by the Savior: "It must needs be that offenses come;

but woe to that man by whom the offense cometh."God does

not condone the offense, but he uses it for good to some one else. See how the Lord conserves forces—by turning the waste

and the deplorable circumstances of human economy to account for good.

Let us observe one more evidence of it. In 1820, the Lord

told Joseph Smith that Christian sects were theologically wrong (which, by the way, has been amply proved, as the devotees of practically all of them have since vastly changed their creeds.)

They are now nearer right in doctrine than they were then.

However, many of them yet teach marvelously foolish and false notions, which tend to destroy faith in thinking people; which, of

course, is an evil circumstance. But it would be folly and downright injustice for us to say that these erring teachers do not do

good, also. Their very imperfect teachings about the Savior's

plan of life inspires, in a large class of people, a rudimentary faith in the gospel. Time builds this up, and eventually they do,

or will, accept the fulness of the gospel, if not in this life, then in the world to come. Humanity owes, too, another great debt

to churches of sectism. That is, the burnishing up of the public

mind of the country. They teach morals, and great will be their

reward. The impetus they have furnished to the temperance

movement, that is now making such a great sweep over this and other countries, amounts to a round total of good. This is their

44 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

mission. I believe God uses them for this labor, though many of

their tenets and works have been and are abominable in his eyes.

So in all things, Jehovah knows how to turn good and ill circumstances so that they will make for the working out of his glorious ends.

Behold the wisdom of God! His matchless ways and works

inspire in us the deepest reverence. We see that in his economy

all things, even evil situations, are eventuallythere is no waste—

turned to account for good, and for the speediest working out of his predestined designs concerning the cleansing and celestializing of the earth. All byproducts are made use of by him, all energy

conserved, nothing wasted.

He is the greatest Conserver of forces of whom we know.

The tendency of the age in the business of the world, is toward that happy condition. The ways of men in the world's

work, converge toward the ways of Jehovah, and so it will continue till the Lord will grace this earth of ours with his presence, and together we will labor for the final glorification of this, his sphere, and his children thereon, for their eternal bliss, and his everlasting glory and dominion.

Independence, Mo.

THAT OUR DAYS MAY COUNT FOR MUCH.

{For the Improvement Era.)

Every day that dawns upon us, But we bury friendship's power,

Comes with blessiDgs rcih and grand; If we measure it by such;

Every hour that doth approch us, For if gold must buy our pleasure,

Bears a treasure to our hand. It can never count for much.

And the spirit of life's mission

Fills our hearts with magic touch, While we'er drifting with the masses,

Whispering: bless and comfort others, We are only safe to be

If you'd have life count for much. Ever watching for the tempest

That may sweep across the sea:

Oft we think, had we riches, Ever clinging to an anchor;

Diamonds bright or rubies rare, Holding with unfaltering clutch

We might count our friends by hundreds, Truth"s great torch, to clear our vision,

Those who would our pleasures share. That our days may count for much.

Paradise, Utah. Sarah E. Mitton.

THE TRAGEDY AND TRIUMPH OF YOUTH.

BY J. E. HICKMAN, A.M., PRESIDENT OF THE MURDOCK ACADEMY

1.—THE NATURE OF TRUE CHARACTER.

Our minds have a thousand eyes, and our hearts but one, yet the light of a whole life dies when our character is gone.

The chemist, making an assay for gold, grinds the bulky ore, places it into the furnace and heats it to an intense degree. The

gold, the only thing of value in the rock, flows to the bottom, the dross is cast aside. The gold is weighed,

and the value of the ore computed.

So in the life of man, with all his reputation, acquired experiences, and hereditary endowments, he is tested in the crucible of human experiences and weighed in the balance of eternal worth. The value of the man is his

character,—the gold of the human

soul. Character, in its better sense,

includes all those higher qualities that make man a moral, loving, thinking being.

As the gold was gradually deposited in the rock, through long ages, so likewise character is the result of the soul's long struggle for truth, and a mastery of life's forces and life's passions. As

there are inferior or base metals, so also there are inferior char46 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

acters. The analogy may be carried a step further: we find

rock without coveted metal, and we meet men without admirable characters.

The intensity or the strength of the masterman—the man of

character—depends upon the amount of truth acquired, and the

undefiled application of it in the uplifting of his own self and of humanity.

Character, in its better and truer sense, is the product of the moral and religious side of life rather than of the intellectual, for the intellect may increase while character may decrease; or, character may increase while scholastic attainment remains comparatively stationary. The man of character banks truth, and draws

usury for the soul; the prodigal, through profligacy, abandons the

truth and becomes a moral bankrupt.

''Learning enables us to grasp the laws of society, to read the truths written upon the pages of earth and sky; it aids to lift

man into a higher civilization; it enables him to stand at the head

of created beings crowned with the triumph of science and philosophy."Character is not the learning but the assimilation of

truth.

Nor must reputation be confounded with character, for reputation is a gift from the public; character is a self endowment.

Reputation is that which seems; character is the reality—the sum-

a noble life.mation—of

Reputation scarcely ever agrees with one's character, for it is either higher or lower. Like one's shadow, reputation may precede

or follow, extend or diminish, or entirely vanish. Character is

rock, reputation shifting sand. Reputation is the coat, character

the man; and, like a coat, reputation often deceives as to the real

worth of its possessor. In such cases, it is like paint on a lady's

face, its mission may be only deception.

Character is complex in its nature. It is more than a mere

good intention, or a mere respect for the moral law. That is not

the kind of morality wanted. It is not enough to be good. One

must be good for something. That is the kind of character we

should build in our homes, in our schools, and in our nation.

When you say that you are good, say also for what, and I will put a value upon you. Negative goodness means little in the

THE TRAGEDY AND TRIUMPH OF YOUTH. 47

world of worth; it is unharnessed energy; it is granite lying

dead in the mountain side.

Judgment and will are elements in characterbuilding. To

determine what is right and to act accordingly, is the work of the youth. Simply storing facts, no matter how valuable, does not

necessarily affect character. It is knowledge transmitted into

wisdom that influences or becomes part of our moral worth. That

learning which is not worked into the warp and woof of the soul's purer self, lies as undigested food, and becomes an inviting culture for the microbes of sin.

Beaver City, Utah.

[to be continued.

REDEEMING THE WASTE PLACES

The illustrations are by George Albert Smith, and show how there are stil strenuous and unfaltering pioneers among the colonizers of the Latterday Saints, who are still willing to plant their feet in the desert and grow up with the country

Modern dwellings with hot and cold water, pavements, telephones, electric lights, and other luxuries, come later, or to the next generation.

A Pioneer Home at Grayson, San Juan County, Utah.

48 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Ranch home of Joseph Barton, Verdure, San Juan County, Utah.

LookingGlass Rock, San Juan County, Utah.

THE NATIONAL EISTEDDFOD.

ITS AIMS AND PURPOSES BRIEFLY OUTLINED—NAMES OF

THE RECENT PRIZE WINNERS.

BY JOHN JAMES, CORRESPONDING SECRETARY CAMBRIAN

ASSOCIATION.

The spirit of song, poesy and oratory held sway and dominated the five sessions of the fourth grand National Eisteddfod, held in the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City, October 1, 2 and 3, 1808.

Arthur L. Thomas, President D. L. Davis, VicePresident.

Cambrian Association.

The great event will live long in the memories of the people who were fortunate enough to be present at the meetings, and without a doubt will be memorable in the musical and literary annals of the State of Utah.

50 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

The significance of the Eisteddfod (pronounced iceteth-vod,) is perhaps now more generally understood, in so far as it relates to music, literature and art. The prevailing opinion among musicians and those

competent to judge such matters is that the recent Eisteddfod has raised the standard of music in Utah to a very much higher plane, and that the results for good are already manifest and will be felt for many years to come. The aim of the Eisteddfod is

to encourage, to instruct, and to elevate. The history of this worthy institution dates back to the prehistoric

period. The first historical reference

H. F. Evans, Secretary. to an Eisteddfod occurs in Ccesar's

Commentaries. History tells us that

an Eisteddfod was held at Conway, North Wales, in 540 A. D., at

which Prince Maelgwyn Gwynedd presided. From that date to

1568, sessions were held at regularly stated intervals, the most notable probably being those of 680, 1176, 1360, 1368, 1461 and 1523. After

the sovereignty of Britain passed out of the hands of the Welsh the

Eisteddfod lost its authority, but suffered no loss of influence in literary matters. Those held under royal commission in 1568, we are told, exercised

authority in some things.

The modern Eisteddfod dates from 1771 and has been held, wherever Welshmen may be found, even in John James, Cor. Sec.

Australia, South Africa and Patagonia.

The Eisteddfod has given to Wales almost all of her poets, essayists, singers and composers, who have made Welsh poems,

Welsh literature, and Welsh songs famous the world over. Other

nations have imitated Wales in the National Eisteddfod, but only in

THE NATIONAL EISTEDDFOD. 51

the musical sense, omitting the characteristic Welsh literary feature.

In Great Britain the annual Eisteddfod is controlled by the

Eisteddfod association, and the "Bardic

Gorsedd"(the "dd"in all cases has the sound of "th"as in "thou.") This

Bardic High Circle is a powerful organization jealously guarding the honor and place of the bardic chair as the chief recognition of poetic merit in the form of the alliterative "awdl"or ode—a word that cannot

possibly convey the Welsh meaning.

There are twenty - four alliterative metres to be mastered, besides the production of poetic thought in each the bard who Nephi L. Morris, Treas. Cambrian and every one >

Association. aspires to be installed in the "bardic

chair,"and who must be ready to answer in public all questions that may arise as to his ability in these wonderful metrical mazes, and as to the genuine quality of his verse. The result of these bardic

efforts is a rich poetic literature utterly unknown to all except Celtic scholars who are conversant with the

Welsh system of alliteration. The

Eisteddfod also offers prizes for compositions in the ordinary metres, and there exists a literature of lyrics, chansons, extensive poems, battle songs and elegies which are only beginning to appear in English in the scholarly translations of Rev. Edmund

0. Jones, vicar of Llandiloes, North

Wales, the poet Elved, and others. Prof. William ApMadoc,

Another splendid feature of the Conductor of the Eisteddfod.

Eisteddfod is that the judges in all departments of competition read their adjudications to the audiences assembled in which they point out the merits and demerits 52 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

of soloists and choirs, closing by announcing to whom the prizes are awarded. This is admirable and just, and accomplishes much good,

provided the judges succeed in convincing contestants of the correctness of their criticism and the justice of their decision. In choral contests,

and especially if the prize is large, the task of the judge is truly painful, while the nervous tension of choirs and audience, most of whom have no technical knowledge of music, is more painful still.

The adjudications upon essays, poems and translations are well prepared and are published, and are of

Daniel Protheroe, Mus. Bac. literary value.

Adjudicator of Music. In order that one might thoroughly understand the amount of preliminary work necessary to the holding of an Eisteddfod it need only

be stated that the officers of the Cambrian Association, under

Dr. Henry Houseley, Prof. J. J. McClellan,

Director Denver Choral Society. Director Salt Lake Choral Society.

whose auspices the 1908 Eisteddfod was held, as well as those of 1895-8, commenced their labors in April, 1907—exactly eighteen

THE NATIONAL EISTEDDFOD. 53

months before the great festival opened. Only those who have

had experience along similar lines can appreciate what these months of toil mean. It has meant the sacrifice of much time to the

individual membership all of whom feel amply repaid in the results attained.

The officers and directors of the

Cambrian Association are: President,

Arthur L. Thomas; VicePresident, D.

L. Davis; Secretary, H.F. Evans; Cor.

Sec'y, John James;Treasurer,NephiL.

Morris; Directors, Wm. N. Williams,

Walter J. Lewis, T. F. Thomas,

Mathonihah Thomas, Thomas E. Jeremy and Wm. D. Prosser. Three of

Miss Hazel E. Barnes, the original members of the board of

Winner Contralto Solo Contest. directors have passed into the great

beyond. They are Elias Morris, George

G. Bywater and David John, all men of sterling integrity and

character.

Herewith is presented the names and residences of prize winners in both the musical and literary contests:

1—Grand Choral Contest—125 mixed

voices; test pieces. "Sylvia"(frotheroe) and

"Challenge of Thor"(Elgar), first prize, $1,000 and grand Kimball piano to successful con.

ductor; second prize, $250. First prize won by

Denver Competitive Chorus, Denver, Colorado,

Dr. Henry Houseley, director. Second prize,

Salt Lake Choral Society, Prof. J. J. McClellan,

director. 2 Minor Choral Contest of 50 mixed voices—"How Sweet the Moonlight Sleeps"

(Evans). Prize, $100, won by the Liberty Miss Edna Evans,

Choral Society, Gordon E. Garrett, director, Winner Soprano Solo Contest.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

. 3- Male Chorus of 40 voices; test pieces, "Nocturne"(Protheroe) and "The Bugle Song"(Dudley Buck). *I"

Utah. liltAT, First prize won by Salt Lake Glee Society, Lake City, Salt doctor, */ Peabody, A. H. Club, Orpheus The prize, second iDavies)- Aberdovey"of Bells The piece test voices; of 40 Chorus 4—Ladies'director. McClellan, J. J. Prof Chorus, Ladies'Lake Salt by won $100, Prize,

54 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

5—Children's Chorus of 75 voices—"A Christmas Song"(Stephens). Prize,

$50, and a souvenir to each member of the chorus, won by Salt Lake City Children's Chorus, Prof W. A. Wetzell, director.

6—Male Quartette—"Serenade"(the late Dr. Joseph Parry). Prize, $40,

won by the SchubertQuartette—Male Quartette,"Legends"Salt(Mohring).Lake City, Prize,Utah. $40, won by Denver 7—Ladies'

Ladies'Quartette.

8—Military Band Contest, 50 instruments

—"Ruy Bias"(Mendelssohn). Prize, $300 and

Gold Medal to Conductor, won by Pedersen's

Salt Lake City Band, Prof. Anton Pedersen,

director. 9—Soprano Solo—"Haymaking"(Needham) Key "E."Prizes, $20, and $10. First

prize won bv Miss Edna Evans, Salt Lake City,

Utah; second prize, Miss Lurinda Poulton, Salt

Lake City, Utah.

10—Contralto Solo—"The Widow's LullaLue Halsett, by"(Evans). Prizes, $20 and $10. First prize

Winner Baritone Solo Contest. won by Miss Hazel E. Barnes, Salt Lake City,

Utah; second, Mrs. Hallie Foster Sutherland,

11—Tenor Solo—"Llam y Cariadau"—Lovers'Salt Lake City, Utah.Leap—(Hughes). Prizes, $20

and $10. First prize won by John W. Summerhays, Forest Dale, Salt Lake Co.,

Utah; second prize, Charles W. Brown, Denver, Colo.

12—Baritone or Bass Solo—"Repent ye"

(MacFarren). Prizes, $20 and $10. First

Prize won by Lue Halsett, Salt Lake City, Utah;

second prize, A. K. Houghton, Salt Lake City,

Utah. 13—Duet, Tenor and Bass—''The Martial

Spirit"(Parry). Prizes, $25 and $10. First

prize won by William Charles and Thomas

Lewis, Durango, Colo.; second, J. W. Summerhays and Lue Halsett, Salt Lake City, Utah.

14—Pipe Organ Solo Contest—"Communion in G"(Batiste). Prize, $20, won by John W. Summerhays,

Moroni Gillespie, Salt Lake City, Utah. Winner Tenor Solo Contest.

15Violin Solo Contest—"Elegie"

(Spohr). Prizes, $20 and $10. First prize

won by Morris Andrews, Salt Lake City, Utah; second prize divided between Miss

Romania Hyde and Edward Fitzpatrick, both of Salt Lake City, Utah, the Cambrian Association generously donating another $10, so as to make second prize even. 16—Piano Solo Contest—"Valse Arabesque"(Lack). Prizes, $20 and $10.

THE NATIONAL EISTEDDFOD. 55

First prize won by Mae Hawley, Salt Lake City, Utah; second, Naomi Midgley, Salt

Lake City, Utah, on recommendation of the adjudicator, a third prize of $10 was awarded Asael Nelson of Provo City, Utah.

17—An Epic Poem—subject, "Owen

Glyndwr."Prize $50 and a Bardic Chair, won

by the Rev. J. T. Morgan, Cleveland, Ohio, represented in person by Hon. Wm. C. Price

Tooele City, Utah.

18—Ten "Englynion"(Ten illustrative

stanzas) subject "Theodore Roosevelt."Prize

$10, won by Rev. J. 0. Williams, Fairfield,

Liverpool, England.

19—English Poem—"The Overland Pony

Express."Prize, $25, won by Dr. Edward F.

Eldridge, Grand Junction, Colo.

20—Musical Composition for a chorus of

mixed voices. Prize, $25, won by George Marks

Evans, Shamokin, Pa.

Pedersen, Prof. Anton Director In all of the foregoing contests Salt Pederson's Lake City Band.

there were upwards of 170 entries which goes to show the wonderful amount of interest taken in the

Eisteddfod. There were twentytwo entries in the soprano solo

contest alone, which required a rigid preliminary examination before the adjudicator.

The remaining members of the Cambrian Association's official family, who contributed largely to the success of the Eisteddfod are: Dr. Daniel

Protheroe, Milwaukee, Wis., who officiated as musical adjudicator; Prof.

Wm. Apmadoc, Chicago, 111., conductor; Rev. T. C. Edwards, Kingston,

Pa., adjudicator of literature; Prof.

J. J. McClellan, official accompanist,

and last, but not least, Mr, David Evans Evan Arthur, Director Salt Lake Glee Society.

the noted Welsh baritone, Eisteddfod soloist, of whom Madam Adelina Patti said, 'His voice is a gift of

God."The Cambrian Association is already in receipt of inquiries 56 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

from people everywhere asking when the next Eisteddfod will be held in Salt Lake. It is of course too early yet to say when we

shall have another; but the fervent wish of all good citizens is that

when we do it will be as glorious and uplifting in its character and tendencies as the one just given.

Salt Lake City, Utah, Oct. 20, 1908.

EDITOR'S TABLE.

TEMPERANCE AND THE WORD OF WISDOM.

OPENING SERMON AT THE SEVENTYNINTH SEMIANNUAL GENERAL

CONFERENCE OF THE CHURCH, BY PRESIDENT JOSEPH F. SMITH.

is indeed a cause for conMy Brethren and Sisters:—It

gratulation, joy and great satisfaction to see the large number of members and officers of the Church who have assembled here at the opening of our 79th semiannual conference, notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather. It is remarkable, to say the least,

to see so many here as are present this morning, and I feel grateful, in my heart, to the Lord for the feeling and interest manifested by those who are present, for your attendance here today is evidence of your interest in this work. I am glad to see you

and to welcome you to this conference of the Church, and I sincerely hope and pray that the true spirit of the gospel of the Son of God, may pervade all our meetings in this hall and in other places where we shall be met together. I hope that at the conclusion of our conference, every soul possessing a knowledge of

the gospel and a love of truth will feel amply repaid for attendance here; and to this end I invoke the blessing of the Lord upon every

individual who has come here today and who will attend the conference for the love of the truth and for his or her devotion to the cause of Zion. The Lord has blessed us in a remarkable degree,

throughout the past season, with the exception of here and there a partial failure of late crops by frost; generally the season has

been fruitful, and the people have been blessed, so far as we have been informed, throughout the length and breadth of the land.

We desire that the Latterday Saints will always, and especially at this time, remember the Lord for his goodness and mercy to.

58 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

them and for his blessings upon their labors; for we do acknowledge the hand of the Lord—or should do—in every thing that we

possess and enjoy in the world. It is written that the Lord is displeased with those who will not acknowledge his hand in all things.

All Latterday Saints acknowledge in their hearts that every good and perfect gift comes from God, "from the Father of lights, with whom is no variableness neither shadow of turning."We do not

arrogate to ourselves the power to secure blessings, to multiply and increase our possessions and our wealth in the land without the assistance of Him from whom all blessings flow. We should

keep in mind that law which makes it our duty to remember the

Lord with the first fruits of all our increase, and that he is the giver of all good, not forgetting the duty we owe to him and to his cause in the world, to provide our part of the means necessary for the carrying on of his work and for the building up of Zion in the latter days. Much has been done during the past season toward the building of houses of worship throughout the land—not

only in this state but in Arizona, in Idaho, and throughout the missions of the Church. Much has been done by the Latterday

Saints, and much assistance has been rendered by the trusteein- trust in the erection of houses of worship, schoolhouses, and in the purchase of places that were necessary to the welfare of the

Latterday Saints. We are continually doing, as far as it is possible, what we may do consistently to assist God's work throughout

all the land. It will not be necessary nor perhaps consistent for

me to enter into details in relation to the labor that is being performed in these directions. We have the records of these things,

and any of the Latterday Saints who desire to be posted in relation to what is being done for the building up of the Church can come to the head and obtain all the information that they need.

Since our last conference, however, we have succeeded in obtaining most excellent headquarters for the British mission, in the city of London. We rejoice exceedingly that, after the lapse of years,

we have at last obtained a foothold in that great metropolis where so many have been gathered into the covenant of the gospel. We

have also obtained headquarters elsewhere, but I will not enter into an account of these things.

The Lord has been prospering Zion, and we rejoice exceedingly

EDITOR'S TABLE. 59

in the many and glorious manifestations of his kindness and mercy unto his people. We are grateful for deliverance from those who

wilfully and wickedly and without a cause seek our hurt. We are

grateful in the belief, aye in the knowledge, that notwithstanding the efforts they have made to injure this people and to thwart the purposes of the Almighty, they have but been the means, indirectly, of forwarding the work in the world. They have called the

attention of the world toward us, and that is just what we want though they have done it with wicked intent. We want to be

known as we are. We want to be seen in our true light. We

want the world to become acquainted with us. We want them to

learn our doctrine, to understand our faith, our purposes, and the organization of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

We would like them to know something about the origin of this work, but we desire that they shall see this work in the true spirit of it, and the only way this can be brought about is by the inquiring, intelligent world coming in contact with us,—those indeed

who are disposed to love truth and righteousness and whose eyes are not so blinded that they can not see the truth when it is presented before them. There are those who having eyes see not,

and having hearts do not and will not understand. There are none

so blind as those who will not see, and none so deaf as those who will not hear; and there are none so heartless and so wicked as

those who knowing the truth and seeing the light will close their eyes and thair ears against it.

We are living in a momentous age. The Lord is hastening his

work. He is at the helm, there is no mortal man at the helm of

this work. It is true the Lord uses such instruments as will be

obedient to his commandments and laws to assist in accomplishing his purposes on the earth. He has chosen those who, at least,

have shown a willingness and a disposition to obey him and keep his laws and who seek to work righteousness and carry out the purposes of the Lord. It is for the Latterday Saints to judge

the standing of these men. They have no occasion to sound their

own praise, to bear testimony of their own works; their lives are

open to >ks to all the Latterday Saints and to all the world. You

know these men; you understand them; you have seen their labors;

you understand the desires of their hearts, for you are familiar 60 IMPR VEMENT ERA.

with them. The Lord has sustained these brethren in the positions

to which he has called them, and he will continue to sustain them in these positions so long as they continue to be faithful before him. If one of them should cease to be faithful and turn away

from the right path, the consequences of his own evil acts will fall upon him sooner or later, and the fruits of his works and the desires of his heart will be made manifest.

When I arose to my feet, I had in mind the thought of presenting before this conference one of the revelations that has come to us through the Prophet Joseph Smith, a revelation with which you are all familiar, which has been the text, perhaps many a time, of every officer in the Church. It is a revelation which has been

sounded in the ears of all the people for the last seventy years, and yet it is a new theme, practically, for there is still great necessity for it to be held out to the Latterday Saints and to all the world. We see great reasons for the principles contained in this

chapter of the book of Doctrine and Covenants being taught to the world, and especially to the Latterday Saints. It is nothing more

nor less than that simple "Word of Wisdom"that was given in 1833, for the benefit, the help, and the prosperity of the Latterday Saints, that they might purify and prepare themselves to go nearer into the presence of the Lord, that by reason of keeping this law they might fit themselves to enjoy the blessings that he is more than willing to bestow upon them, if they are worthy. I

propose to read this revelation to you and, perhaps, make a few remarks upon it:

SECTION 89.

REVELATION GIVEN THROUGH JOSEPH THE SEER, AT KIRTLAND, GEAUGA COUNTY,

OHIO, FEBRUARY 27TH, 1833.

A Word of Wisdom, for the benefit of the Council of High Priests, assembled in Kirtland, and Church; and also the Saints in Zion.

To be sent greeting—not by commandment or constraint, but by revelation

and the word of wisdom, showing forth the order and will of God in the temporal salvation of all Saints in the last days.

Here we are informed that it was not given, at that time, by way of commandment or constraint but by revelation, "a word of wisdom showing forth the order and the will of God in the temporal salvation of all Saints in the last days."Subsequently, years

EDITOR'S TABLE. 61

afterwards, from this stand, it was proclaimed from the mouth of the prophet and president of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, Brigham Young, that the time had now come when this

Word of Wisdom—then given not by commandment or constraint

was now a commandment to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, and the Lord required them to observe this word of wisdom and counsel, which is the will of God unto the people for their temporal salvation

Given for a principle with promise, adapted to the capacity of the weak and the weakest of all saints, who are or can be called saints.

Behold, verily, thus said the Lord unto you, in consequence of evils and designs which do and will exist in the hearts of conspiring men in the last days, I have warned you, and forewarn you, by giving unto you this word of wisdom by revelation, That inasmuch as any man drinketh wine or strong drink among you, behold it is not good, neither meet in the sight of your Father, only in assembling yourselves together to offer up your sacraments before him.

And, behold, this should be wine, yea, pure wine of the grape of the vine, of your own make.

And, again, strong drinks are not for the belly, but for the washing of your bodies.

And again, tobacco is not for the body, neither for the belly, and is not good for man, but is an herb for bruises and all sick cattle, to be used with judgment and skill.

And again, hot drinks are not for the body or belly.

And again, verily I say unto you, all wholesome herbs God hath ordained for the constitution, nature, and use of man.

Every herb in the season thereof, and every fruit in the season thereof; all

these to be used with prudence and thanksgiving.

Yea, flesh also of beasts and of the fowls of the air, I, che Lord, have ordained for the use of man with thanksgiving; nevertheless they are to be used sparingly;

And it is pleasing unto me that they should not be used only in times of winter, or of cold, or famine.

All grain is ordained for the use of man and of beasts, to be the staff of life, not only for man but for the beasts of the field, and the fowls of heaven, and all wild animals that run or creep on the earth;

And these hath God made for the use of man only in times of famine and excess of hunger.

All grain is good for the food of man, as also the fruit of the vine, that which yieldeth fruit, whether in the ground or above the ground.

Nevertheless, wheat for man, and corn for the ox, and oats for the horse, and rye for the fowls and for swine, and for all beasts of the field, and barley for all useful animals, and for mild drinks, as also other grain.

62 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

And all Saints who remember to keep and do these sayings, walking in obedience to the commandments, shall receive health in their navel, and marrow in their bones, And shall find wisdom and great treasures of knowledge, even hidden treasures;

And shall run and not be weary, and shall walk and not faint;

And I, the Lord, give unto them a promise, that the destroying angel shall pass by them, as the children of Israel, and not slay them. Amen.

Now, it may seem altogether unnecessary and out of place, perhaps, to many, for me to occupy the time of this vast congregation in reading this revelation, inasmuch as it is presumable that every man and woman present has access to this book and is more or less familiar with all its contents. I am sorry to say that I do

not believe there is another revelation contained in this book or another commandment given of the Lord that is less observed or honored than this "Word of Wisdom,"and that, too, by members and officers of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, male and female.. Go where you will, you see a lack of appreciation of the counsel given in this revelation to the Latterday Saints

by some of them. Some of our best men disregard in part this

law; many do not fully observe it; and some of our leading women

do not keep the commandment of the Lord that is given here, and they excuse themselves in various ways, and for various reasons, for not observing the law of God. I simply want to say to you,

othermy brethren and sisters, that there is no other way—no

course that we can take in the world, in relation to our temporal welfare and health, better than that which the Lord God has pointed out for us. Why can we not realize this? Why will we

not come to a perfect understanding of it? Why will we not deny

ourselves that which our craven appetites desire? Why can we not

observe more closely the will of the Lord as made known to us in this revelation? If we would observe this law or commandment of

constraint,the Lord,—first given not as a commandment nor by

but afterwards declared by the mouthpiece of the Lord to be in force as a commandment thereafter to the Latterday Saints—if,

I say, the people would observe the principles of this revelation, there could not exist in their midst that most obnoxious institution known as a saloon; it can not exist where only Latterday Saints

dwell. If this commandment were observed by the whole people,

EDITOR'S TABLE. 63

the vast amount of money that now goes out to the world for strong drink and these other things forbidden in the word of wisdom, would be saved at home, and the health, prosperity and temporal salvation of the people would be correspondingly increased.

No man can violate the laws of God with reference to health and temporal salvation, and enjoy those blessings in the same degree that he could do and would do if he would obey the commandments of God. Don't you believe that? Can not Latterday Saints accept

that truth in their hearts? Can there be any room for argument

in relation to that proposition? I say to you, my brethren and

sisters, that God knows better than we do what is and will be for our best good, and when the Lord speaks to us, as he has spoken to us in this revelation which I have read to you, we should give it attention. We should accept it in our hearts; we should live

closely to it; and then, we are promised, we should find wisdom

and great treasures of knowledge even hidden treasures; we might

run and not be weary, walk and not faint, and when the destroyer should come he would pass by us, as he passed by the children of

Israel anciently. If we fail to observe this law of God, we are not

entitled to these promises. Those individuals who do not live up

to these principles, conveyed to them through this word of the

Lord, will fail in rightfully claiming the fulfillment of the promise that is made to them that keep the law. The Lord has said "If

ye will do the things I require at your hands,"if ye will do my will, "then am I bound; otherwise there is no promise,"for every

promise is made on condition that we will observe the law upon which that promise may be justly and righteously fulfilled. We

go out into the outer settlements of the Latterday Saints where tnere are a few nonbelievers, a few apostates from the Church, probably, and a few who have never belonged to the Church at all, but the majority of the people are members of the Church; and

we see planted, here and there, in the midst of these communities, saloons and other places of ill repute, and they are sustained by somebody. In some instances, at least, we know that the outside

element, the nonMormon element is not sufficiently large or wealthy, nor are they so numerous in their patronage of these institutions as to keep them alive or to sustain them. The conclusion, therefore, is that there are some who are members of the

a

64 1MPR VEMENT ERA.

Church who are also frequenters of those places. This is all wrong

of the Church of Jusus Christ of Latter-—all wrong. No member

day Saints can afford to do himself the dishonor or to bring upon himself the disgrace of crossing the threshhold of a liquor saloon or of a gambling hell or of any house of illfame of whatever name or nature it may be. No Latterday Saint, no member of the

Church can afford it, for it is humiliating to him, it is disgraceful in him to do it, and God will judge him according to his works.

The man or woman who truly believes in the doctrines of the

Church, or professing to have a membership in the Church, who believes and practices the principles contained in this "word of wisdom,"will never be numbered among those who will bring this disgrace upon themselves, upon their neighbors or upon the Church to which they belong; they will never do it.

Now there is a great movement on foot throughout the land;

its waves have struck us here, and are flowing over our state—

wave of temperance. Even the world is moved upon by an irresistible influence and spirit to advocate and to establish among communities, in states and counties and cities, the principle of temperance. I am in favor of this movement. I endorse it with all

my heart; I know that it is in the right direction, and I believe

that the Lord Almighty is moving in that direction upon those who are willing to devote their labor and time to this portion of his good work in the world. The Lord does not delight in

intemperance, in drunkenness, nor can he have pleasure in the poverty, in the degradation and ruin that such practices bring upon their votaries and upon those who are dependent upon them, the ruin of manhood, the ruin of family organizations and the degradation of those that are engaged in it, and that bring poverty, destruction and death upon themselves and upon their families. Every member of the Churcn, male and female, ought to

set his or her face as flint against intemperance and against anything that is in violation of the laws of God, that they might never be overcome or yield to the temptation of evil. We ought

to have purer communities, communities that are not ridden by vice; by pernicious habits and practices. One cannot walk up

and down the side walks of our streets, but he will meet young men and boys with tobaccopipes in their mouths, or cigars or

EDITOR'S TABLE. 65

cigarettes, smoking in the streets. Perhaps those who are

accustomed to these habits think this is a very trivial or very unimportant thing to talk about to a vast congregation like this, but I never see a boy or a man, young or old, addicted to this habit, and practicing it openly, but I am forced to the conclusion and conviction, in my mind that he is either ignorant of God's will concerning man or he is defiant of God's will and does not care anything about the word of the Lord, and that alone is sufficient to bring sorrow to the heart of any man who has any regard or respect for the word or the will of the Lord and would like to see it obeyed. We go occasionally to the theatres, and of late years

we see it has become very fashionable, or very common, for the actors to puff away at their cigars, pipes and cigarettes on the stage; and they light cigarette after cigarette, and cigar after

cigar, right on the stage before their audience. To me such a

practice is an insult, to the Latter day Saints, at least; and should

be to all decent people, and if I had little boys growing up who would be susceptible to the influence of such practices, I should not want them to go to our theatres at all, where they would see these things in open practice, as if it was something commendable.

I think it is reprehensible, to say the least; and if I were managing a theatre, and could do it, I would have it stipulated that

there should be no smoking on the stage, nor in the auditorium.

Aside from the folly of. smoking in a theatre, lighted matches,

cigars and cigarettes are dangerous to property. There are other

things, however, in theatrical performances that are about as disgraceful as smoking on the stage.

Now, my brethren and sisters, the object that I had in view, in reading these words, is simply to emphasize, as far as it lies in my power, the Word of Wisdom, given to the Latterday Saints, to all that are, or can be called Saints, to the weakest of the weak, for it is adapted to them, and the weaker they are, if they will observe this principle, they will become stronger by the observance of it. If we will observe this law, we will gain strength,

we will have health in our bodies and marrow in our bones; we

may run and not be weary; walk and not be faint; and this is most

desirable for those that are feeble, or weak, who need strength and health; they should observe this principle in order that they

66 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

might obtain the very thing they desire and need most, and that they are destroying most by not following the word of the Lord, but by practicing those things that are forbidden of him. We

pray God to heal us when we are sick, and then we turn around from our prayers and partake of the very things that he has told us are not good for us! How inconsistent it is for men to ask God

to bless them, when they themselves are taking a course to injure and to bring evil upon themselves. No wonder we don't get our

prayers answered more than we do, and no wonder our health is no better than it is, when we are addicted to practices that God has said are not good for us, and thereby entail evils upon our life and physical being; and then to turn to the Lord and ask him to

heal us from the consequence of our own folly, and pernicious practices; from the effects of the evil that we have brought upon

ourselves, and that we knew better than to do. How foolish it is

The Lord bless you, my brethren and sisters. We endorse

any movement looking to temperance, looking to virtue, tending to purity of life, and to faith in God and obedience to his laws, and we are against evil of every description; and we are, in our

forfaith and prayers, against evil doers—not that we would pray

evil to come upon evil doers, but that evil doers might see the folly of their ways and the wickedness of their acts and repent of them, and turn away from them. If they will not hearken and

repent of their evil ways, then let them pursue their course of evil to the end, and let the judgment of God come upon them and they receive their reward according to their works. Let God

judge all men. He will reward them for good or for evil, according to their works. We are not here to execute judgment or to

impose punishments upon our fellow men, except the punishment of withdrawing from those who are unworthy our fellowship in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. We find it necessary sometimes to withhold fellowship from those who have

turned away from the truth, from the love of God and the cause of Zion,—that they may not be regarded as having membership

and standing with us. It is an injury to the cause of Zion for any

community, organization, ward, stake or branch of the Church to permit men or women to retain their membership in that ward or stake or branch, when it is known that their practices and habits

EDITOR'S TABLE. 67

are vicious, and that their manner of life and unbelief are calculated to sow the seeds of apostasy, corruption and evil in the midst of the people where they dwell. It is right and proper

that the line of separation should be drawn distinctly between them and the Latterday Saints. Withdraw fellowship from them, cut

them loose, let them go to the world, and let the people of the

Church understand that they are not held in followship and that their conduct is not countenanced by the authorities of the Church.

Now, the Lord bless you, and in the name of the Lord I bless you—this congregation, the covenant people of the Lord,

just as truly as ancient Israel were the covenant people of God, for you have entered into the solemn covenant of the gospel of

Jesus Christ, that you will keep the commandments of God, that you will eschew evil and wickedness. You know what you have

done; you know the nature of the covenants you have

entered into before God and witnesses, and before the angels of heaven; and, therefore, you have entered into

the bond of the new and everlasting covenant and are indeed the covenant people of God in the latter days. Therefore, what

manner of people ought we to be; what manner of individuals

should we be? Should we not set an example worthy of our profession? Should we not live pure lives? Should we not be upright, virtuous, honest, Godfearing and Godloving in our souls

every day of our lives, and in every position in which we may be called to act? Ought we not to set an example for good? Ought

we not to be Christlike, manly, true to every promise.to our word,

true to every principle of the gospel, and honorable out in the world and at home, so that no man can justly point at us the finger of scorn or of condemnation? That is indeed the kind of people we ought to be. God help us to be such, is my prayer, in the

name of Jesus. Amen.

CONFERENCE BENEDICTION.

BY PRESIDENT JOSEPH F. SMITH.

The closing speech of President Joseph F. Smith uttered just

prior to the adjournment of the seventyninth semiannual confer-.

68 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

ence of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, was a poetic, earnest and affectionate invocation for the blessings of

God to rest upon the Saints, their organizations and efforts. He

said: "I desire to express briefly the sincere prayer of my heart for all this congregation and for all the faithful Latterday Saints who have been in attendance here during this most interesting and profitable conference.

"I feel in my heart to invoke the blessings of the Lord more abundantly upon all the presiding general authorities of the

Church and upon all the presidents of stakes and their counselors, the members of each high council, and upon all the bishops and their counselors throughout the length and breadth of Zion. I

pray God to bless all our auxiliary organizations and prosper them in the labor that they have been called to perform. May

the Lord give them joy and satisfaction in their labors. May they

be interested, earnest, devoted, diligent and prayerful, that they may enjoy abundantly the spirit of their calling,and that their labors may be a blessing, a pleasure and a joy unto them, and exceedingly profitable to all the children of Zion for whom they labor.

"I pray God my Heavenly Father, to bless you as elders in

Israel, as high priests, as seventies, and all the lesser priesthood.

May peace abide and abound with you, and oh! may the spirit of

truth, may the enlightening influence of the Holy Spirit, may the power of the living God rest down upon those, one and all, who have been ordained to the holy priesthood which is after the order of the Son of God, and the appendages that belong to it. May

the Lord bless you in your homes; bless you as husbands; bless

your wives; bless your children and your children's children to the

latest generation. May God prosper Israel in all her abidings. May

the Lord bless the earth for your sake and make it fruitful. May

he prosper you and bless you. May he multiply your flocks and

your herds and prosper you in the labor of your hands; and may

you always feel inspired and inclined to honor the Lord with the first fruits of all your increase; so shall your barns be filled with

plenty, and the Lord will pour out his Spirit upon you more abundantly. God bless Zion, and the Lord have mercy upon her enemies

and those that seek her hurt. I have no fears in my heart, or

EDITORS TABLE. 69

mind, that that which is called Mormonism—which is indeed the

gospel of Jesus Christ—will not bear the scrutiny of science

and the research of the learned and literate into all truth. The

gospel of Jesus Christ is founded in truth. Every principle of it

is susceptible of demonstration beyond anj just reason for contradiction. The Lord is doing his work and will do it, and no power

can stay it.

"I desire that the blessings of the Lord may be upon our choir here, who have made music for us during the Sabbath 'day, for they were here then in full number. These days of labor they are

under the necessity of following their various occupations, and they are not able to be present, for they are breadwinners; they

have to labor with their hands for their livelihood, but theyjgive their Sabbath day and they give their time for practice for the benefit of the Church; and we ask God to bless them for it. May

he unite them together, give them confidence in their leaders, and give their leaders power and influence over them for good. May

the Lord bless Brother Stephens, Brother McClellan, and their assistants, and all the members of the choir.

"I ask God, my Heavenly Father, to bless my counselors. May

he bless President Winder, a noble spirit, an honest man, a man of truth, a man of God; and I pray God to bless Brother Lund,

who is in all respects equal to Brother Winder in his integrity, in his love for the truth, and in his devotion to the cause of Zion.

May the Lord bless us all and preserve us from our enemies until we shall complete our mission in the world; and while we live may

he help us to be valiant in the testimony of Jesus Christ, true to our covenants, true to our people, and true to God until we shall finish our work. This is my prayer for you all and for all Israel.

"I pray for the prosperity of our great nation, for the blessing of God to be upon the executive, the judicial and the legislative branches of our government. May the Lord bless our government

and lead those that hold the power in their hands to do that which is righteous, pleasing and acceptable unto God who established this great government by his own will and providence. I thank

is, and has been,God, my Heavenly Father, that this state of Utah represented in the halls of Congress by honest men, men after

God's own heart, men who love their people and who are just and..

70 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

impartial and true to the interests of all the citizens of our state

I thank God that we are blessed with the privilege of representing ourselves rather than being misrepresented by our enemies, in the halls of Congress; and in the name of common sense I deplore the

thought that any Latterday Saint should regret that good and true men have been chosen—not by the Church, but by their own

political in the halls of parties—to represent the state of Utah

Congress. Thank God for it. That is my sentiment, and I hope

that I shall not see the day soon when we will have the misfortune again of being either misrepresented or of failing to be properly represented in the halls of Congress."

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS.

Elder A. E. Jordan of the London, England, Conference writes the Era, September 8: "There are at present 39 elders in the London conference. President

Soren Peterson left on August 7 for hi3 home, and we all wished him a pleasant voyage. We greatly enjoyed his presence while he was with us. We are very

proud of our new home which the Church has purchased for headquarters of the

London conference. It is a fine, large, solidlybuilt building in a progressive

neighborhood. Many friends have been made since we took up our abode here, and

the prospects are bright for the work of the Lord in this part of the mission. We

have had 129 baptisms in the London conference so far this year, as against 130 in the whole of last year. Good reports are coming from all parts, and we are gratified to know that righteousness is spreading abroad. All the elders are enjoying

very good health, and take every interest in their work. We feel that the time is

ripe for a great harvest of souls, and we can use any number of harvesters. We

wish you success in the work at home, and thank you for the Era which is a great help to us in the mission field."

Elder E. L. Roberts, writing from Zurich, Switzerland, to a friend in Provo,

excuses himself for not writing to his friend for the past two years, in these words: "The correspondence of the present day missionary is too large for the

good of his work, and many duties as well as many friends at home must be slighted

We have had elders in this conference blessed with so many sweethearts and friends that tending to an incoming and outgoing stream of love letters, etc., has

taken up most of their time. Don't think me pessimistic when I say that the

average elder of today is a different type from the elders of old times. The mail

system is far too good, friends are too numerous, money is too much in evidence, and floods of sympathy are too often misplaced for missionaries to be any other way than flabby. Difficult surroundings develop men of backbone. Our surroundings are too gentle. So you can't expect us to be anything but flabby."

MUTUAL WORK.

NORTH WEBER OFFICERS.

The foUowing are the stake and local officers of the Young Men's Mutual

Improvement Association of North Weber Stake of Zion recently organized. All

the associations opened for work on October 11:

Stake Superintendent, Henry A. Anderson, 242 23rd St. First Asst. Supt.

Fredrick Williams. Second Asst. Supt., Aaron W. Tracy. Stake Secretary, Franz

A. Behling. Stake Treasurer, Herman Fails.

Ward Presidents. - Ogden Third Ward. Carl R. Erickson. Fair West,

Lorenzo Taylor. Lynne, Israel C. Brown. Plain City, Josiah B. Carver. West

Weber, Lafayette Farr. Harrisville, Hyrum Dabb. Marriot, Thomas W. Peterson.

Slaterville, William 0. Smout. Warren, Joseph F. Folkman. Wilson, William

H. Holmes.

SUGGESTIVE PRELIMINARY PROGRAMS.

7. Sleep—a. Necessity, b. Benefits, c. Amount, d. Ventilation, decorations, beds. e. Hours for rest (Read Doc. and Cov. Sec. 88: 124).

Hymns, Psalmody Nos. 19, 26, 48, 124, 133 or 177.

8. Courage of truth telling—a. In great and small matters, b. Under all conditions, c. In public and private (Read Exodus 4: 3541).

Hymn, "0 say what is Truth."

9. Accuracy—a. Acquired by mastering detail, b. Gives power to achieve.

c. Insures safety in results.

Hymn, "Do what is right.

c. Anecdotes show10. Temper—a. Definition, b. Anecdotes showing control,

ing ill effects of the loss of temper (Read "The Crimes of the Tongue,"

Era, Vol. II, p. 686).

Hymn, "School thy feelings."

11. Personal habits—a. Cleanliness of person and speech, b. Politeness, c. Consideration for others, d. Service.

Hymn, Psalmody No. 263.

12. Inspiration of environment—a. Value of choosing proper environment, b.

Influence of home environment, c. Influence of nature.

Poem, "God's First Temple."

Song, "For the strength of the hills"or "Earth with her ten thousand flowers."

that are appropriate with the above programs are Note.—Among the songs

"Sleep, Little Baby of Mine,"by DennerSmith (Solo or Quartette for ladies voices!; "Only in Dreams"by De Koven; "Sweet and Low,"words by Tennyson

(Quartette for mixed voices); "Have Courage my Boy to Say No;""Home, Sweet

Home;""Consider the Lilies"(for chorus, quartette or solo).

SEVENTY'S COUNCIL TABLE.

BY B. H. ROBERTS, MEMBER OF THE FIRST COUNCIL.

"Seventy's Day"—First Sunday in November.—We have before called

attention to the fact that a number of circumstances converge to make the first

Sunday in November preeminently Seventy's Day in the Church. On that lay one

year ago, the New Movement began. With tne first of November, one year ago,

the Improvement Era enlarged its field and was issued as the organ of the Seventies as well as of the Young Men's Improvement Associations. On that day also

the quorums began their lessons in the Seventy's Course in Theology; and on that

day they are required to make preparations to begin the second Year Book in that same course. The quorums have also been advised that the first Sunday in November has been set apart as a day on which all the quorums will sustain their

Presidents and such other members of the quorum as are assigned special duties, such as their secretary, class teachers, musical director, etc., etc. It is a'day that

is to be given up to the consideration of the affairs of the respective quorums in general. This should include a review of the past year's achievements: not only

in regard to the studies that have been pursued, but the labors that have been performed by respective members of the quorums in auxiliary organizations; in home

mission work, and in labors performed in the ward as local teachers, and the foreign mission work of the quorum. The status of members with reference to

paying the annual fund to the general council and the funds necessary to conduct the quorum should be ascertained. Time should be found also for expression of

mutual appreciation for services rendered between the officers of the quorum—including presidents, class teachers, and musical directors—and the members; it

should, as far as possible, take on the spirit of a general fellowship meeting, closing perhaps with a preview of the proposed incoming year's work, and the assignment of lessons in the new Year Book for the following Sunday. The first Sunday

in November is the time for the closing of the past year's work, and the begin, ning of the new year's work. In a word, it is Seventy's Day. Make it a day

SEVENTY'S COUNCIL TABLE. 73

worthy of the quorums and of the work the quorums are seeking to do. Following

is a suggested program for the day.

seventy's day program.

(First Sunday in November, 1908, 10 a. m.)

I. Opening exercises. Prayer and singing.

II. \n outline of the manner of the day's exercises by the senior president in

attendance, and greeting.

III. Review of the past year's work.

IV. Singing.

V. Report of the status of the quorum with reference to class work, quorum

finances, and reports of special work by members, foreign missions, home missions, ward labors and labors in auxiliary organizations.

VI. Free and mutual expression of appreciation between officers of the

quorum and the quorum members.

VII. Presentation of the officers of the quorum and members as assigned to

special duties.

VIII. Singing.

IX. Preview of incoming year's work and assignment of lessons.

X. Testimonies and closing exercises.

The Late Seventy's Conference.—Saturday evening, October 3rd, the

second general conference of the Seventies quorums since the Church removed from Nauvoo, was held in Barratt Hall, President Seymour B. Young presiding.

Six members of the council of the Twelve were present, including President

Francis M. Lyman. Six of the First Council were present, ninetyone quorums

reported to the general secretary, that they had representatives present.

There were four hundred and eightysix, all told, in attendance upon the meeting. The singing was furnished by a chorus of male voices, conducted by Prof.

Charles Kent. Thirty minutes of the precious time was devoted to hearing reports

from quorums selected from various parts of the wide territory occupied by the

Church, from Canada to Mexico. Elder Rulon S- Wells reviewed the achievements

of the past year. President Francis M. Lyman occupied a portion of the time in

admonition and counsel to the quorums relative to their duties and the necessity of being prepared to discharge them. Elder J. G. Kimball called attention to

sundry matters respecting reports and communications, with the general secretary's office, and Elder B. H. Roberts gave a brief preview of the second Year

Book.

The meeting was spirited and undoubtedly beneficial to the cause represented in the Seventies'work. Much encouragement will doubtless be imparted to all the

quorums to whom a report of this conference will be made. While not all that

was desired by the First Council may have been achieved owing to lack of time, yet a larger view of the work of the Seventies will doubtless result from the conference. All in all the First Council feel encouraged by what was accomplished and are determined that more shall be accomplished by the next annual

conference. It takes time for leaven to work, especially in large bodies, but

74 IMPR VEMENT ERA.

there is this to encourage us, that when large bodies do acquire movement, there is a majesty and irresistible force in them that makes it worth while. Our

quorums of Seventy, representing between eight and ten thousand men, is a large bodv into which to infuse zeal and energy and spiritual life, but the leaven is working. Progress is being made. Success is assured. Neither revolutions nor evolutions go backward, and this movement of all movements will not retrograded

The Seventies are out for progress. They are determined that the foreign ministry

of the Church shall be improved. Millions in the world are waiting upon their

ministry. The gospel must be preached efficiently. The Church would be untrue to

the great commission given to her by the Master if she fails in that. An ignorant

ministry cannot succeed in this age. We must carry the ministry God has given to

us to the men of our times, in the language of our times, and in formulas suitable to the scientific age in which we live; and the chief reliance of the Church for discharging these high offices must be upon the quorums of the Seventy. The Twelve

Apostles are directed by the word of God to rely upon our quorums of Seventies for the foreign ministry. The Seventies are to be chosen not merely in preference

to others, but the language of the revelation is—''It is the duty of the traveling

High Council, [the Twelve Apostles] to call upon the Seventy when they need assistance to fill the several calls for preaching and administering the gospel, instead of any others', (Doc. and Cov. Sec. 107: 38). And it is the duty of the

Seventies of course to put themselves in a state of preparedness to discharge this high duty—a state of preparedness by being spiritually, morally, financially,

physically, and by mental training, ready for this call to their special duty This is the message of the late Seventy's conference to all the quorums of the Seventy.

Brethren, give heed to the message.

Seventy's Council Report for the Year 1908.—The general secretary

of the first council has mailed blank forms of reports to every quorum in the

Church, and requested that these blanks be carefully and accurately filled out and returned to him not later than December 31, 1908. There should be prompt

action in filling out these reports, and the Presidents of the quorum should remember that the First Council holds them responsible for this work. They should

supervise the work of their secretaries and see to it that this business is promptly and thoroughly attended to. Indeed these blanks should be taken up for consideration by the respective councils at their meetings and consider them in connection with the quorum secretary, giving him such instructions in relation to matters

therein presented as will enable him to faithfully respond to this request. Special

attention should be given at this time to the collection of the general fund, that there may be a full report made to the general secretary at the appointed time.

If proper effort is put forth there is no reason why the general fund for 1908 should not be collected and forwarded to the council with the annual report of the quorum. Give this matter your attention, Presidents, and let us do our business

not only decently and in order, but promptly.

Second Year Book Errata.—In the introduction of the second Year Book

chapter V, under the heading, "Text Books and Authorities,"in referring to the

SEVENTY'S COUNCIL TABLE. 75

"Student's Ecclesiastical History,"written by Dr. Philip Smith, Mr. Smith, it is

stated, is the author of the Old Testament and New Testament History, frequently quoted in the Seventy's Year Book No. 1. This is an error. While

Dr. Philip Smith is the author of a "Student's Old Testament History,"and

"Student's New Testament History,"it is not his works that are cited under this title in the Seventy's Year Book No. I; but Dr. William Smith, LL. D., classical

examiner in the University of London, whose Old and New Testament Histories are so frequently quoted, and students should indicate the change in their Year

Books.

In the analysis of lesson V., chapter 28, the first subdivision of the subject

"Preparation of the Earth for the Abode of Man—"said subdivision reads,

"Matter—External Existence and Extension of;"it should read, "Eternal

Existence and Extension of."The first footnote at page 33 marked * is out of

place. It was written for the note at page 42, but being lost, the present note

at page 42 was substituted. These are the only serious errors so far that our

attention has been called to. We would say, however, that the method of making

books by typesetting machines renders it next to impossible to exclude typograph- 'cal errors, since if anything is wroDg with the line and the correction has to be made, such as the insertion of a comma, or the taking out of a comma, however slight the correction may be, it requires the resetting of the whole line, and it sometimes happens that a greater mistake is made in resetting the line than the error that was indicated in the proof sheet; and so we bespeak a little charity for this kind of errors that may appear. As remarked recently in the table

by one of our presidents, our students should remember that it is the substance we are after, and too much should not be made of slight mechanical errors.

What Think Ye of Year Book Number II?—By the way, speaking of

the second Year Book, how do you like it? Is it too formidable for the year's

work? Is the range of subjects too large? Is the sweep through the ages, like

the one of last year, through the books of scripture, too much for a year's mental labor? We think not. It is but another survey of the field we have just

passed over. It will come easier for you this year than it did last. Meantime

we have but one great purpose to achieve in the forty four lessons of the present

Year Book, and that is to impress upon the minds of our Seventies the greatness and the unity of God's plan for human salvation and progress, of which the several dispensations treated in Year Book No. II, are but the several manifestations. Do

not be alarmed at the largeness of the theme nor the abundance of the matter presented There is but one way to become acquainted with the gospel and that is by thorough study of it, not in its fragments alone, but as a whole. At the

end of the present year's work, on which we are now starting, you will confess a broader knowledge of the gospel of Jesus Christ by studying it in the manner presented in the second Year Book than you have before realized, and so year by year, as one year's work is added to another, our Seventies will find themselves growing in the knowledge of the things of God.

76 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

A Word as to Delinquents.—From various quorums complaints come that

notwithstanding the very favorable time which our quorums now hold their meetings, and notwithstanding presidents, and in some instances fellow members, have urged them to faithfulness, and have especially urged them to attendance upon quorum meetings, there are Seventies who choose to ignore all these admonitions of their brethren, and absent themselves from the meetings without any just excuse for their nonattendance. Their absence is not only a matter of months, but in

some cases extends over a year, and in some cases they have not attended their meetings in two or three years. The question is repeatedly asked, what shall the

course of the quorum be towards such delinquents. In answer to that inquiry we

submit the following suggestions to quorum presidents. It is not the desire of

the First Council that in the administration of the affairs or your quorum local presidents should in any sense be harsh in the treatment of indifferent and careless brethren. But now, assuming that they have labored with said delinquent

members in all faith and patience and brotherly love until just forbearance is exhausted—assuming, we say, that this is the case, then the following course

should be pursued. Let those persistently delinquent brethren be notified that all

in the way of forbearance and mercy has been done that can be done; that by

their persistently ignoring the counsel and the urging of their presidents and the quorum to be in attendance upon the regular quorum meetings, they are treating the quorums with contempt, a thing which cannot be tolerated. The efficiency of

the quorums, and the maintenance of respect for the priesthood require that there shall be compliance with the appointments and orders of the quorums, and that heed must be given to the instructions of the presidents thereof. Therefore

unless these delinquents will repent and come forward in a proper spirit and attend upon their duties as Seventies, it will be the proper thing for each quorum to take action upon such delinquents and drop them from the quorums for contempt of said quorums of the holy priesthood; and such action of the quorum

should be reported to the High Council. This may sound harsh, but it is time

that the quorums insisted upon being respected by the membership of said quorums. Our Seventies are not children, but, as a rule, are men of understanding who ought to know that the priesthood to which they belong and the quorum

of which they are member's cannot be trifled with continually in such matters.

The First Council will justify local presidents in taking a firm stand in relation to these things. Of course, as stated in the beginning, such action is to be taken

when the presidents feel that they have done their full duty in the matter of persuasion and the holding out of inducements and encouragement to our delinquent brethren to attend to their duties. We trust that these suggestions will be

regarded as final in the matter, and that we shall not be under th necessity of referring to so unpleasant a subject again. The work year of the quorums is

just drawing to its close, and a new work year is beginning. This first Sunday

in November, therefore, would be a good time to take up the execution of the above suggestions, that the quorums may be put in order, and our delinquent brethren brought into the work, or dropped from the quorum; for it is not proposed that delinquent brethren shall continue in a state of contempt towards the

quorums and still retain a standing in said quorums.

EVENTS AND COMMENTS.

BY EDWARD H. ANDERSON.

Indiana and Local Option.—County local option has been enacted by the

Indiana legislature. The bill was passed by a vote of fiftyfive to fortyfive, on

the 6th of September. Four Republicans and all of the Democrats but six voted

against the measure. The bill was immediately signed by Governor Hanly, one of

the greatest temperance advocates in the country.

Cholera in St. Petersburg.—During early September, the cholera broke

out in St. Petersburg and alarmed the whole country. Hundreds of deaths

occurred every day, and it was not until the latter part of the month, that the sharp frosts checked the spread of the disease. At St. Petersburg the number of

new cases was reduced to about three hundred a day, and the deaths to about one hundred and fifty daily.

Tuberculosis Congress.—On the 28th of September, a very important

"Congress on Tuberculosis"was opened at Washington. It was the sixth triennial International Congress on Tuberclosis, and was attended by representatives

of thirty foreign countries who were investigators and medical experts. Among

them was Dr. Robert Koch, the discoverer of the tubercle bacilli. He reported

to the congress that during the past thirty years the mortality from tuberculosis in Prussia had been reduced one half.

Traveling in the Air.—On [the 21st of September, Wilbur Wright, who,

with his brother, Orville Wright, shares the distinction'of having attained the greatest success in the construction and management of aeroplanes, flying machines, made the new world's record at La Manes, France. He remained in the

air one hour, thirtyone minutes and fiftyone seconds, and covered a distance of nearly sixtyone miles. The feat was witnessed by ten thousand spectators,

among whom was the American Ambassador Mr. White, who warmly congratulated Mr. Wright upon his achievements.

Reduced Postal Rates Between Britain and America.—At midnight,

October 1st, the new postal law between Great Britain and the United States went into effect, so that now letters may be deposited at any postoffice in Great

Britain or in the United States and sent to America or to Great Britain for the local postage rates, two cents an ounce, which is a reduction of three cents for each letter weighing an ounce or less. This arrangement was reached after long

negotiations between the postal authorities of this country and the British government. It is believed that the reduction in the rate will ultimately result in

78 EMENT ERA.

increased receipts and freer commercial intercourse. It will also prove a boon to

English speaking citizens in this country of limited means, enabling them to keep up a correspondence with their relatives and friends in the old country at domestic rates.

The State Democratic Convention convened at Logan on September 22, and the following state ticket was named. Hon. Jesse Knight, the nominee for governor, refused the nomination. On the 2nd of October, the Democratic

State committee named J. William Knight, a son of Jesse Knight, nominee

for governor; and Samuel A. King was chosen Democratic state chairman to succeed Lyman R. Martineau who was nominated for Representative to Congress:

Governor, Jesse Knight, Utah county; Secretary of State, E. R. Owen,

Cache county; State Treasurer, Joseph E. Caine, Salt Lake county; State Auditor,

J. W. Nixon, Emery county; Superintendent Public Instruction, D. H. Robinson,

Sanpete county; Justice of Supreme Court, Samuel W. Stewart, Salt Lake county;

Attorney General, Joseph W. Stringfellow, Salt Lake county; Representative in

Congress, Lyman R\ Martineau, Salt Lake county; Presidential Electors, Frank B.

Stephens, Salt Lake county; Aquilla Nebeker, Rich county; James Andrus,

Washington county.

Died w th the Harness on.—In 'the introduction to his closing speech

at the October General Conference of the Church, President Smith read, for the information of the Saints, the names of seven missionaries who had died in the mission field since the first day of January, 1908, out of a number of two thousand now laboring there. They were:

Leroy Hall Southern States mission, typhoid fever. Burdette P. Burdette,

Swiss and German mission, drowned. Everett Hall, Central States mission,

typhoid fever. John A. Southwick, New Zealand mission, typhoid fever. Emil

J. Huber, Turkish mission, typhoid fever. John Leroy Tripp, Netherlands, appendicitis. John Loosly, Swiss and German mission, heart failure.

"This,"'he continued, ''is sad news, we are sorry indeed for the kindred and loved ones of these good and faithful elders who have met death while laboring in the missionary field. The Lord prolong their memories in Zion, for they died

with the harness on—faithful to the covenants they had made and the commission

with which they were sent forth to preach the gospel. There are now laboring

in the mission field a little over two thousand elders."

Priesthood Quorum Study.—The report following has been adopted and

will be carried out in the various stakes. It is a very important movement in

which presidents of stakes, bishops and the priesthood generally, are specially interested. The report explains itself, but a letter of instructions will accompany the report to presidents of stakes

Salt Lake City, Utah, October 6, 1908.

We desire to announce that a committee has been appointed to prepare a course of study for the various quorums of the priesthood, namely, high priests, elders, priests, teachers and deacons.

The personnel of the committee is as follows: Rudger Clawson, David 0.

McKay, Charles W. Nibley, Orrin P. Miller, David A.. Smith, Joseph B. Keeler,

Charles C. Richards, P. Joseph Jensen, Stephen L. Richards, Nephi Anderson,

EVENTS AND COMMENTS. 9

Edward H. Anderson, David 0. Willey, Jr., Henry H. Blood, Joseph J. Cannon,

Sylvester D. Bradford and John M. Mills.

The lessons have been in course of preparation for months past.

By and with the consent of the First Presidency, the following suggestions are presented for your consideration and adoption:

1. That before December 15th, 1908, presidents of stakes and bishops of

wards make special efforts to get every worthy member ordained to the priesthood, and properly enrolled in the quorum in which he can do the most efficient service to the Church. In connection with this, effective work may be done

among young men, and older ones too, who are addicted to evil habits by influencing them to make a general "cleanup"preparatory to their joining this great quorum mtvement.

2. That in every ward a weekly priesthood meeting be held on Monday night.

3. That the first weekly priesthood meeting be held in every ward in the

Church on the first Monday night in January, 1909, and that each quorum take up the first lesson in the prescribed course.

4. That special stake conferences of the priesthood be held in every stake

throughout the Church, commencing November 29th, and continuing each Sunday thereafter until December 27th, these appointments to be made after the schedule of conferences is made out for the next six months. It is recommended further

that at these conferences three meetings be held as follows: One with the stake

presidency and high councilors; one with the stake presidency, high council and

bishopric; and another with all the priesthood.

5. That at each of these conferences there be at least two elders representing the general authorities of the Church, one of whom should be a member

either of the council of twelve, or the presiding bishopric, or of the special committee on course of study for the priesthood.

Utah State Fair.—The thirtieth State Fair of Utah passed into history at

10:30 p. m. on Saturday, October 10, with the following record of attendance for

the week that it was open:

Monday, 9,000. Tuesday, 14,000; Wednesday, 29,000; Thursday, 22,000;

Friday, 31,000; Saturday, 15,000; total, 119,000.

Friday, children's day, was the big day of the fair from point of attendance, but Wednesday, was the big day when receipts are to be considered. The

total attendance at the fair in 1907 was 106,000. The fair was at least a third

larger in every detail than last year, and cost much more, of course, than any other ever held. The mining industry was not represented this year, but it

is the plan of the directors to have a new building erected for Utah's chief industry by another season. However, the buildings and grounds were more thoroughly

covered by exhibits than ever before, and President J. G. McDonald stated that it

was more nearly a state fair than ever before—that is, the whole state was more

nearly interested and represented than ever before. The manufacturing, agricultural, horticultural, and educational departments surprised and pleased everybody; which may also be said of the displays of cattle, horses, sheep swine and

poultry, which were big items in the success of the fair, not forgetting the dogs.

Utah's list of factories for home products is growing yearly, and the display of home manufacture under Frank J. Hewlett, supervisor, was an inspiration for

boosting to all who saw it. At no other time has the practical side of agricultural machinery been shown to greater advantage than at this fair. The woman's

work was larger and finer than ever before; and the educational and fine arts dis-

.

80 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

plays merited praise from all hands. The races were many, glorious, and well'

patronized, and Supervisor Lester D Freed, with his host of fine horses, put up splendid exhibitions of the best horse flesh in the west in action. The agricultural displays, under Supervisor Wm. C. Winder, told many interesting stories,

and demonstrated why Utah farms are attracting attention throughout the agricultural world. The dairy products were in greater profusion and of a higher

standard than ever before, and explained why Utah wins at the displays in other states. There was an unusual activity on the "Pike,"where more "shows,"

bad and indifferent, were in evidence than has ever been witnessed in like space before. Many of these may well be "cut out"of next year's fair. In all departments there is cry for more room, and to satisfy the demands for a greater fair

more expenditure for next year will be needed. It must be said for the street

car company that never before have the crowds been handled with such facility and dispatch. A. special word should be said in favor of the splendid educational display

of the State Agricultural College in charge of Professor L. A. Merrill, and President John A. Widtsoe. Each of the six sections of the college were well represented

by cleverly arranged displays in agriculture, horticulture, domestic science and art, mechanical arts, ornithology, entomology and live stock; and fruit exhibits

were shown from the three experimental farms at Logan, Lehi and St. George.

At this display also was exhibited the great sweepstakes loving cup, won at

Albuquerque by Utah at the Irrigation Congress. The fair altogether was a

great credit to the state, and President McDonald, Secretary H. S. Ensign, and

all the department supervisors and helpers, deserve great praise and credit for their faithful labors

[Photo by Geo. Albert Smith.

Uintah Railway Ferry across Green River, near Vernal, Utan.

BROWNING'S The Remington AutoLoading Shotgun rS

It was the Remington Autoloading Shotgun, in the hands of an amateur, that won the recent Grand American Handioap against 495 contestants. It it

the PERFECT gun for trap and field.

Send for our 150 page catalog; it is free. We have "Everything for

Every Sport in Every Reason."

BROWNING BROS. CO.; Ogden, Utah.

ENSIGN KNITTING WORKS

- 30 RICHARDS ST.

BEST HOME MADE KNITTED

GARHENTS AND HOLEPROOF HOSIERY ON EARTH.

WRITE US FOR SAMPLES AND PRICES.

SCENIC LINE OF THE WORLD

f\ panorama Canyon of the Grande Canyon of the Gunnyson

Of Natural Fagle River Canyon Garden of the Gods

Beauty all Wagon Wheel Gap Manrtou Springs tl?e U/ay. filenwood Springs The Royal Gorge

THROUGH PULLMAN AND TOURIST SLEEPERS TO DENVER, ST. LOUIS AND CHICAGO

for Polder., Booklet!, etc. eddreti I. A. BENT N. G> A. P. D, Salt Lake City. Utah

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

z.e.M.i.

MountaineerOveralls Awarded gold medal for best quality overalls at

Utah State Fair. They are honestly made—are

not excellent satisfaction. Ask skimped—give

for them. -

Z.E.M.I.

Factory Shoes

AWarded gold medal for best quality Shoes at

Utah State Fair. Serviceable shoes made of solid

leather throughout. For the farmer, the laborer

the business man. See you get them.

ClaytonDaynes Music Co.

Successors to Clayton Music Co. and Daynes Music CO.

Oldest, Largest and Best Music House in the West PIANOS, ORGANS, TALKING MACHINES EVERYTHING MUSICAL.

Col. N. W. Clayton, Prest. 100111-113 Main St.

Royal W. Daynes, Mgr. Salt Lake City.

(When writing to Advertisers, pleas* mention the Eka.)