w

,* m

ff if If flf

AUGUST 1947. #*

A gas water heater of correct capacity for your house actually saves you money... besides assuring ample hot water for every household need.

Don't accept less than a 30galion water heater! Insist on

the size that fits your home: 30, 40, or more gallons, according to official chart above.

Thus you'll make sure that "Hot"faucets never run cold.

you will save And money run. in the long Correct capacity The West Prefers assures life. longer Any undersized water heater itself wears

out sooner through overwork.

Remember, you have everything to gain by installing a "gas automatic"of the proper capacity: plenty of hot water for

bathing, shaving, cleaning, home laundry machine, automatic WttK CLEAN DEPENDABLE FLEXIBLE KO/loj,,, dishwasher, every need—plus more years of carefree service.

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY Serving Twentysix Utah and Wyoming Communities ffiellNWERSP

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

A new pancakeshaped floating elec- "**'trical heater, thermostatically controlled, is designed to keep water from freezing over in troughs used for watering farm animals.

A t birth, a blue whale is from twenty- "** three to twentysix feet long, or about a quarter the length of its mother.

P\r. Albert Wolfson has tricked

* juncos into beginning their northward migration in the middle of January. By gradually lengthening the day

with electric lights, the birds built up a reserve of fat equal to twenty percent of their weight to serve as fuel on their northward flight when released.

"KTore than three hundred uses for nylon, covering a wide range of uses besides stockings, is found in the patent literature. Nylon is valuable because, unlike many plastics, it can be

safely sterilized by steam, making it useful for making slide fasteners which will stand dry cleaning solvents and ironing temperatures. The nylon molecule is really a family of molecules because its long chain of about one hundred links can, within limits, use different atoms for some of the links, making

possible very different properties for dissimilar uses.

Cince water cannot be floodlighted for *-* landings by seaplanes because it reflects light, floating rubber "doughnuts"have been developed using battery operated fluorescent lamps, to mark the runways for safe night landings.

A new powerful tool in fighting in- "sects has been developed by the

United States Naval Medical Research

Institute, called 448 since it was the 448th of three thousand compounds tested. It is claimed to be six times

more effective in the tropics and at least twice as good in temperate zones as anything else tested. Effective

against mosquitoes, house flies, silverfish, bedbugs, and chiggers, the solution not only kills bugs present but also repels others for a week to ten days. Advantages over DDT include faster action, longtime repelling effect. It does

not irritate the skin and is relatively nontoxic. Six drops of 448 rubbed on

the arms, legs, and face of a person will keep insects away from six to ten hours. It is now commercially available at moderate cost. PBRITY BISCUIT COMfftnr:-:-::-:v:-::-::-:v:-:%-:::/:v:%-x-:-:<-:->wx-x-:::;:::->x''>SA tT LAKE

AUGUST 1947 501 Founded by

> Latter- A 'HEN Brigham Young led the GY ly// day Saini pioneers into the barren western frontier a century ago, he guided his people in the building of a great commonwealth upon the genius of great principles. While he was planting settlements throughout the mountain valleys, he

knew that future growth would depend upon constant building, both material and spiritual.

.. for Builders

As Utah enters her second hundred years, Brigham Young

University fills a central role in giving purposeful education to the youth who are destined to build new empires upon the foundations laid by the pioneers. To its halls now come thousands of

cities which blosyoung men and women—not only from those

somed in these western valleys, but from every part of the nation and from all the lands around the globe where the mighty influence of the pioneers'great principles has spread. To help these

new pioneers meet the challenges of the frontiers ahead the Church

University follows the plan of its founder—giving sound training

in the arts and sciences, and developing the finest in character and spirituality.

ENTRANCE ANNOUNCEMENT NEW STUDENTS AUTUMN QUARTER DATES

Students not previously registered at B. Y. U. New Freshmen and Sophomores report

must request an application form from the Admissions Committee and return it (with previous for Orientation Week September 26 school record) one month before the term in which entrance is desired. Registration September 30

Autumn Quarter applications are due All Other Students Register September 29

September 1. Classwork Begins October 1

502BRIGHAM YOUNGTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA the "Empire Builder"

, 1 1

Like Joseph Smith, President Young knew that

is the "the glory of God is intelligence"—that education

cornerstone of progress. So in Utah Valley he planted

some of the most important seeds of the civilization to of the university which bears his name. come—seeds

In its founding he foresaw the need of a great institution of learning to serve a great people.

of EMPIRES NEW

PROVO, UTAH AUGUSTUNIVERSITY1947 503 Jhe Ccover.Jj-.M. dune

A HIGH TYPE of pa- \onterence ** triotism is reflected in the march of the June 12, 13, 14, 1947

Battalion, the Mormon Q.npra members anof which 1. Group of Junior

call AUGUST 1947 VOLUME 50, NO. 8 Girls the swered of in Pioneer coscountry, at the very "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"tume who presented

time that the United Sego lily cards to

States had rejected Official Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement early comers at June their right to live freeAssociations, Department of Education, Music Committee, Ward Conference

Teachers, and Other Agencies of the within ly Church of Jesus Christ of its borders. 2. ERA Centennial Latterday Saints BatThe Mormon Awards talion the Monument,

work of G. P. Ris- 3. Speech Festival

stands the wold, on 4. Hawaiian Delegacapitol Salt at grounds tion Fesat the Dance Utah. Lake City, The tival

photographer, Jeano Jke Editor's J-aae 5. Music Department Orlando, has captured

an unusual mood in—Folk Songs from

selecting the central 1847—The Beginnings of Utah George Albert Smith 506 Many Lands

figure, the battalion Men -Gleaner 6. M looking across member, Twentyfifth Anniverof at the the dome sary Conference

Capitol. State Utah Lhurc/i jreatureS

The photograph was 7. Singing Grandto adapted cover use Faith Triumphant David O. McKay 507 M.I.A.mothersDelegatesWelcoming Charles Jacobsen. by

Is Alcoholism a Disease? John A Widtsoe 508 8. Speech Festival

Eternal Values in the Teachings of the Church Prizewinning Story,

Sidney B. Sperry 509 "Eddie Had a Sweet

President George Albert Smith's First Mission for the Tooth"

Editors Church—Conclusion Preston Nibley 51 9. Special Floor

Albert George Show at Dance FestiSmith Prophecy a Guiding Light and a Compass

John A. Widtsoe Albert L. Zobell, Jr. 526 val

Editor Managing 10. Special Pioneer Reconciliations, Evidences and Lay the CXIV—Wherein Richard Evans L Number Greatness of Brigham Young? John A. Widtsoe

Festival 532 DanceDance Assistant Managing

Church Moves The Presiding Bishopric's Editor 530 The On (See also pages 518

Priesthood: Melchizedek 536 Page Doyle L. Green 538 and 520.)

NoLiquor-Tobacco Column Genealogy 541

Editor Associate 537 Dear Gleaner 544

Josephson Marba C.

General Manager * George Q.

Associate Manager Morris Special}p -jreatUreS Executive and Editorial

Offices: Lucy G. Cannon

Breadth North Street, Earl J. Glade 513 50 Main Business Manager America's Forests, Our Responsibility Salt City Lake 1, Utah. D. Giles Preserving John

Henry H. Graham 516 Copyright 1947 by MuEditorial Associates

Elizabeth J. Moffitt The Value of Our Pioneer Heritage, Prize Winning Speech tual Funds, Inc., a CorAlbert LZobel I, Jr. Robert Earl Knotts 520 poration of the Young

Harold Lundstrom Let's Talk It Over Mary Brentnall 521 Men'sment AssociationMutual Improveof the

National Advertising The Rewards Which Attend Participation in Church Church of Jesus Christ of

Representatives Service Russel B. Swensen 524 Latterday Saints. All

S. Townsend, Edward

San Francisco The Spoken Word from Temple Square....Richard L. Evans 528 rightstion price,reserved.$2.00Subscrip-a year, and

Los Angeles Exploring the Universe, FrankCook's Corner, Josephine B. in advance; 20c single

Dougan and Bolle, lin S. Harris, Jr 501 Nichols 534 copy.

Chicago and Homing: TradeMarks, Alfred On the Bookrack 563 Entered at the Post

New York I. Tooke 534 Your Page and Ours 564 Office, Salt Lake City,

Utah, as secondclass Member, Audit Bureau of matter. Acceptance for

Circulations mailing at special rate of (Editorials postage provided for in section 1 1 03, Act of Ocof Address: Change tober 1917, authorized June Conference Marba C. Josephson 533 days'Fifteen notice reJuly 1918. 2,

for quired change of adEra The Improvement dress. ordering a When not responsible for unchange, please include

manuscripts, but slip address from contributions. a Stories, J-'oeti J welcomessolicitedis

issue recent of the magazine. Address changes Hole in the Rock—Chapter VIII Anna Prince Redd 514 All manuscripts must be

cannot unless be made suffiby accompanied Story Eddie Had a Sweet Tooth, Prize Winning old the well as address as for delivery postage Thomas 518 cient Estelle Webb is the included one new and return.

Frontispiece, Conference HighPoetry 523 lights.505 Autumn, Thelma Ireland 535

504 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

i3B*i |g

;.. -. I

"S; ''

.:.3V: - $ * />

illpf

s.

'll-C.JL.!A1 Sip 'if i?i if* km**-1-1,

*"W

'.-';

%,-M>:

i

%fa'lilt to Will hundred years ago thisONEweek, a group of religious exiles, members of the Church 1847...THE BEGINNINGS

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, this of the Great the valley entered Ultak of of the leadership Salt under Lake

Brigham Young. They were the vanguard of some twenty thousand of Dm [-resident Ljeorye -Mlbert Smitk

their people then scattered over the OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS prairie, having been driven from their

Table the Chicago participated Round on Smith Albert President George their of the east because homes in station over a.m. at 10:30 1947, City, originated in Salt July 20, Lake religion. the of coming Before Dr. Utah; Governor B. of Herbert were: participants Maw, Other the KDYL.which

railroad, approximately eighty thou- O. Meredith Wilson, Dean of Liberal Arts, University of Utah; Walter Mathesius,

sand of them, gathered from many President of Geneva Steel Company; Dr. Ray B. West, Professor at the Uninations, were to travel by ox team versity of Kansas. The broadcast dealt with the question: "Is Industry Going

and handcart to this city from which West."

we speak, as well as to the scores strange land it required even greater Along the mountain streams they of other colonies which they estabeffort. constructed grist mills in which to

lished in this intermountain area. There were among them many grind their wheat; sawmills to shape

Unlike most other westwardskilled men and women. These peothe lumber for their homes, schools,

bound emigrants of the time, these ple were not adventurers. They and churches; and cotton and woolen

pioneers came not for wealth, but were by inclination stable folk, mills for the manufacture of material to create homes where they could gathered from many countries and for making clothing, etc.

worship God unmolested. This area communities, trained in the arts, Only five years after their arrival,

was then generally considered unfit crafts, and professions. Evidence of they purchased in Europe machinfor colonization, and Brigham Young their skill is seen in the remarkable ery for the refining of sugar beets.

was advised against settling here by buildings which they constructed, as This heavy equipment was hauled those who had seen it. But these well as in their other accomplishacross the plains on wagons. Unpeople believed that they were led ments. daunted by numerous failures, their

by the hand of Providence, and that Among their most commendable efforts to obtain sugar from beets this would become a land of promise qualities was a spirit of cooperation. were finally successful, and these

to them. Bound by recognized ties of brotherefforts contributed substantially tona- of our development the ward Christian guided hood, by and crickets threatened of Hordes industry. tion's beet sugar their very of part ideals, were which their first their grain but of crop the discovered worked and live They to fiber, and they knew how for help miraculously prayers were so have coal of which deposits suppressing without together work sea gulls numerous answered when econwestern affected our greatly individualism.

settled in the sky and appeared mines, and opened iron omy. They these than Even more important insects the the fields, devouring on resources other numerous developed in the characteristics was their faith and thus preserving the precious ultimate achievement of their purto add to their comforts. And they

experiences, however, crop. Such telein building materially the assisted that with believed poses. They of the constantly aware kept them ease to and railroads graph lines land the of heaven, would blessing

precarious situation in which they become fruitful, and their labors the burdens of communication and found themselves. Except for an would be rewarded. They prayed transportation. occasional outpost or fort, there was over the soil, utilized their strength, To mention these items is only to

no settlement within a thousand and set to work to make their praysketch their industrial pioneering. miles to the east and seven hundred ers come true. They came here to build a comwith ox the team and west, to miles worship they might munity where the first AngloSaxons They were transportaof the only means wagon efforts, their the Lord. irrigation He blessed to practise a community on

tion. They realized that if they were basis. With great effort they built and from the foundations they laid to survive, they must make the wilddams and canals, developing the has risen the great commonwealth erness yield a livelihood. They knew principles of modern irrigation pracwe enjoy today.

also that if they were to enjoy any tice that have resulted in millions of Judging the tree by its fruits, the comfort, security of and measure Pioneers of Utah were a group of in this land, but only not wealth new reavailable the develop they must people. superior well. in as lands other

sources to supply their wants.

They had little money but they possessed in large measure characteristics far more valuable in the development of the frontier. Among

these was their remarkable capacity for work. They adopted as their

emblem the honey bee and the hive, symbols of industry. Pioneering at

best was arduous, but in this harsh, 506 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the threat to of manTHEpeacemostandominoushappiness kind in this the twentieth cenFAITH TRIUMPHANT tury is not the probable misuse of the atomic the dwindling bomb, but in of faith hearts men's in God. By H)uuiJ 0. WcJC V

"Epochs of faith are epochs of fruitOF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY fulness; but epochs of unbelief, however glittering, are barren of all Address delivered by President David O. McKay over the Columbia

permanent good,"Broadcasting System, "Church of the Air"Program, Salt

The scriptures tell us that "withLake Tabernacle, Sunday, July 20, 1947, 7:30 a.m.

out faith it is impossible to please

God,"that through faith prophets he would. What a tragedy would it was ascertained that grain could

and old "subdued kingdoms, men of to give a sebe raised. have befallen He offered thousands—what righteousness, wrought dollars for the first ear of obtained vere censure thousand history would have

promises, stopped the mouths of heaped upon such a foolhardy leadcorn ripened in the basin. "I have

lions, quenched the violence of fire, er! been here twenty years,"he said,

the of sword, out escaped the edge and have tried it in vain over and Picture his situation a century ago. strong."of were weakness made again."over

rested responsithe him Upon It faith that braved Columbus was River, Brannan, Samuel Green At bility for to shelter food supply and sail to into the and on on unknown established colony a San where who the fiftytwo perone hundred and until horizon discovered he a new stands, the PioFrancisco met now first that sons composed comwho It faith land. that to brought was description neers glowing a gave and

in seeking pany a a desert home the "freighted America Mayflower, the climate productivity of of and far land, so season advanced and the destinies thewith of a continent."in sunny California. that soil that there little or no hope was faith that impelled President It was Notwithstanding these warnings

Brigham Young and the Utah Piocrops planted would mature. Besides of the desolation of the country, and

neers to establish permanent settlethese one hundred fiftytwo persons, the plea to go on to more productive of others thousands were whoments in an unforbidding, defiant there in climes, there assurance was that in their had left homes Nauvoo desert.western President Young's which had mind

Faith is more potent in human after the martyrdom of their Prophet greater influence upon him than the endeavor even than judgment or exwho were following their leader to trapper's experience of unproducperience. Let me illustrate: this hopedfor place of refuge and tivity and of monthly frosts, and

peace. Approximately two thousand

more influential than the glowing(")NE HUNDRED YEARS AGO today a were at Mt. Pisgah, Union County.

group of men with a ninehun- Iowa, 145 miles from the west bank description of the California Coast.

dredmile prairie trail over prairie of the Mississippi River. Greater than human judgment,

experience, towering man's above their them, were hackingland behind another colony at Garwas There trust leader's the great was in God. through underbrush on a mounway Iowa. County, Decatur Grove, den

faith In this referring to which had trailtain loose prying boulders and Bluffs. east miles of Council 126

I said: him, he guided viewed "As rolledthat crash echoing with an at others Six were thousand WinSalt the portion Valley, of a Lakeinto the the ravine of below. bottom ter the of the banks Quarters on

spirit light of rested and upon me this wearily slowlyTrudging up and six miles River, from Missouri

I felt valley, the over moved and ofravine covered caravan a moved Omaha. find that there Saints prothe would ofwagons. advance company The already people on thousand Ten illustratection safety,"apt an and the nearing Pioneers wereUtah the Basin the towards Great march

tion lines of of the Dryden of Big from whichsummit Mountain that scant even assurance gave which they would obtain their first glimpse a small colony could gain subsistDim as the borrowed rays of moon and stars travelers, to lonely, wandering weary, Saltof Basin. In the the Great Lake told ence! All there 40,000 were

Is soul; to as high those the reason on and that fringe of the basin laywestern Isles British the between Mormons fires rolling the sky, discover but of America,"Sea shim-"Dead Utah, who. Emigration light Canyon, here, and glimmering Reason's us Not so

mering in the sunlight more like a with confidence in a great leader, ray was lent not to assure our doubtful threatening omen than a promise of were moving towards some unknown way, prosperity. But lead us upward to a brighter day.

refuge yet to be designated. And as those nightly tapers disappear, If that barren, seemingly unproductive valley could be made fruitful, HPhe judgment of the scout and of Whensphere,day's bright lord ascends our hemicould become the center of a western the trapper regarding the chances So pale grows Reason at Religion's sight,

empire, it would most surely be one of survival was against settlement. So dies and so dissolves in supernatural

of the most striking examples in hisMajor Morris Harris, for example, light.

tory of faith triumphant over human said, among other discouraging facts The unwavering faith of that judgment and experience. about the Great Salt Lake Valley, dauntless band in a divine provitimber of destitute Pioneers of history, "It is sandy and Of the great invisible which power

the for is givenBrigham except vegetation Young place and of the present wild dence—that"makes the discords

among the foremost. But suppose he sagebrush."Captain James Bridger harmonies of the future,"lives on

had failed, as men who knew westthought it imprudent to bring a large tmperishably. Their undying fortiern America better than he thought population into the Great Basin until (Continued on page 562)

AUGUST 1947 507

are themselves tipplers, or as they would say, moderate users of alcohol. They do not drink to excess; A they do not lie in the gutter; they do

not have to sleep off their indulgence.

A cocktail or two before dinner, or ALCOHOLISM in a social gathering, a glass of alcoholic beer during the day—they

go no farther they say. This argu- i? ment for moderation reveals the dev- -J %ideaie il's tracks. If the first glass of alcohol

Da <XV. /4okvi t. lAJidtdoe werealcoholism.never taken,If therethere wouldbe anbeevilno

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE abroad, it may best be driven away by prevention. Unless that is done,

the recurrent need of cures will conTheis alcoholism.polite name Thefor drunkennesslatest apolofcausedthe Godgivenmore miserywillthroughoutof man. It hasthe fields.tinue indefinitely.Vast sums Itareis beingso in spentother

ogy for alcoholism is that it is a centuries than any other unnatural to discover the cause of cancer, disease. As such it must be handled human habit, including war. polio, arthritis. Once discovered, the

sympathetically and led patiently to Earnest efforts have been made people, including the medical profes- a cure. to cure alcoholism. Only two intersion, will seek to prevent the occurAlcoholism certainly is a disease related methods have yielded aprence of these diseases in the land.

a will allow do not say, Men "We will. of the human The preciable results. The thoroughly—a disease little polio, cancer, or arthritis; wealcoholic longer master. is no his own

His appetite for alcohol has conwill pay attention only to those who quered him. When he drinks, he become too sick."It is along the path

surrenders many of his normal pow- 'J'he surest cure for alof prevention, based upon accurate ers to lower impulses which take coholism is for everyknowledge, that tuberculosis, diphtheria, are other diseases and many to refuse to touch alhis actions.charge of him and He is one

off the earth. being wiped We quarin fact left coholic to the beverages. of impulses mercywhich are inimical to human welfare antine against such contagion—why

if left unguarded by higher motives. not against alcoholism, since the exHe yields his right as a free agent. perience of the ages shows that healthy body does not crave stimuman's appetite is often stronger than

With a corroded will he often lants. So, the alcoholic is given corhis will.

falls into degradation. Sometimes he rect food, proper exercise, full sleep, The surest cure for alcoholism is

is cruel; as often, he behaves as an and congenial employment. That is for everyone to refuse to touch alidiot. The rights of others are no the modern method. As his health coholic beverages. Every cocktail

longer existent. The higher impulses, improves, the desire for alcohol is

which flow from the untrammeled lessened; then the Alcoholics Anonywill, are inoperative, because they mous, grateful reformed alcoholics,

stifled, theare drug, anesthetized by are help try brethren to who who as any man "Jnasmuchalcohol. wastes always He this to enslaved, others his yet and add or drinketh wine his as starves often famihemoney; faith physical of living, normal way strong you, life. drink among his familyly, ruins and home his in out world, unseen and in God

Above all he must have more alcohol, of which comes power to help every behold it is not good, at any cost. Relative values are no struggling soul. A normal life, physineither meet in the sight

longer in his consciousness. After cal and spiritual, is the direct and of your Father

his maudlin behavior, if he drinks most permanent, the surest cure for enough, he lies, beastlike, in a sensealcoholism, the best way to cure the less stupor until kind Mother Nature will of its waywardness.

has partly cleansed his body. When user is an incipient, possible alcohe awakes, it is only to repeat the Curiously enough, many of those holic. The moderate drinker who

performance. Indeed, alcoholism is who plead that alcoholism is a pleads that alcoholism is a disease,

a disease, an evil, destructive disease disease, and must be treated as such, from which he is exempt, is a dangerous, inconsistent helper in the battle against alcoholism. Let it always be kept in mind that alcohol

Men do not say, has no real physiological or mental value. It is a drug against man. TakrfWe will allow a little cancer, polio, or arthritis; ing it in small doses does not change

we will pay attention only to those who become the effect upon body and mind; it

too sick."merely lessens the immediate degree

of injury. ( Continued on page 522 508 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ETERNAL VALUES Jeai ninas

vtrak By DR. SIDNEY B. SPERRY

PROFESSOR OF OLD TESTAMENT LANGUAGE AND

LITERATURE, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

exerted upon western churches. Nor did the Bible escape.

civilization from the The study of religion from the standend of the medieval point of evolution struck a hard blow period. Step by to belief in revelation and1 the unique

step the religious status of Christianity.

view of the The net result has been that a world has regreat section of socalled Christianin ity is completely indifferent to the—Njv treated C favor of a churches or what they teach. Many

have come to believe that good secular education is all that is necessary for their wellbeing.

thoughts, with these connection In any centennialDuring LaKenneth quote Professor me year those people inlet volved must naturally tourette directly. He says:

compare and contrast the past Never has any religion [Christianity] with the present, weighing and been so devotedly and ardently propagated considering change and consistover so large a proportion of the earth's ency, eternal and temporal values. surface. Yet never has the world seen

the worth of denial open widespread such it must be withThus Latterday reliis called all that of validity andSaints one hundred seventeen and lands where the very as in gion years after the organization of the Christianity is presumably strongChurch, and one hundred years after est.... Every thoughtful and

the first members found refuge in wellinformed mind must have what had hitherto been considered a > perceived what is happening.

of rapid acquisitionbarren alkali waste. \\ The about their knowledge

While the principles of the {Continued on page 510)

Church have not changed, the appli1See Howard B. Jefferson.

cations must change if the Church is view. "Thea ChangingRole of ReligionAmericanin

to meet the challenge which a changAn Amer- G'.lture."Religion. JournalXVI. 59.of

ing civilization imposes upon it. ican philosWhat I want to bring especially to opher, Profesthe attention of my readers are the sor Montague,

values inherent today in the unpointed out that changing teachings or doctrines of we are now facing the Church. "the complete secuIt is significant that a new low larization of the opinpoint has been reached in the decay ions, the practices, and

of our civilization as a whole which the emotions of manis contemporaneous with the low kind."That statement

mark that religion has reached in its was made before the recent process of decay. Many persons of war. In view of the experirepute look upon religion in our ences through which the

times as an obstacle to human adworld has recently passed, who vancement and happiness. Certain can doubt the essential correctthinkers view it as the remnant of a ness of his words?

culture long since outmoded. Through the years thinkers have

The student of religion can vigorously attacked—and with succon fairly easilytrace the constantly number of doctrines dicess—a

. Christian sideredminishing hold religion has which AlvmIj ll ustraL.TtednKjittmsbj>f

AUGUST 1947

ETERNAL VALUES

(Continued from page 509) 3. The churches fail to kindle in men a image of his Father and has received

doubtphysical environment misfaith in the led men to deep, abiding the warm, of his fulness. ( D. & C. 93: 4.

religion. ofauthenticity of the teachings the of sion of Christ as the Redeemer

Simultaneously the increased mastery of world. Cold history and criticism have

man's physical environment, made possible taken the place of knowledge gained Tn response to a spiritual experiby this knowledge, has seemed to rendei firsthand through revelations of God. ence, Joseph Smith saw God and

religion unnecessary.2 It is hard to kindle the souls of men his Son Jesus Christ with his own

unless a personal each may obtain teseyes. He prayed and found the truth the Spirit that Jesus through timony Christian churches have tried to

least the elementary fundamendelay the defeat of religion as best is the Christ, the Son of God. the essen-—at

the of the nature tals—concerning

hasthey can, but the results have been tialdeath,factsand ofresurrectionwhose birth,are containedministry, Almighty. Moreover, the Lord

none too convincing. Professor in the Gospels. Men have to be conrevealed much in addition about himfact the saving as to the of powHoward B. Jefferson said: vinced self that is to be found in the revelacrucified, can er of Christ nor him and

Liberal Protestantism has sought to aver; syllogisms and tradition take the place tions the Church publishes to manthe final defeat of religion by a series of of the everabiding revelations of the kind. The Mormon people think of

strategic retreats. It has dropped by the Spirit. God as a loving Father who could

wayside one doctrine after another unti] 4. They are unable to give man a reasonactually put his arms about one. He

it affirm able is unwilling his place to of and dogmatically account now destiny is very near to those who pray to in the the universe. things as existence lack of a spiritualeven of a persuch The

sonal God, the assurance of immortality, or chart and compass accounts for much him. Many thinkers not of our faith

the uniqueness of Christ. It is only foolish of the chaos and confusion in the say that they cannot accept our anto maintain that the importance of religious world. thropomorphic or manlike God, but

belief has not been almost destroyed in these their concepts do not seem to win the retreats.3 Mow let us look at some of the affections of the general run of men

in the inherent values unchangor, their unfortunately, to change prestige of the great reason of"Dy to doctrines revealed by God mg life. in believers of Sincere way God science, genuinely modern many the Church. Smith Joseph and By as the taught our have Church by scientistsreligious to are asked now I ability grip the to "values"mean receiving inestimable of advantage

regive concerning pronouncements spirits to in as such men's a way of the testimony the inward Holyligion, concerted but they have no life their to of one change more way him. those concerning Ghost Only

will situathat control theprogram in Christ's teachwith accordance this apreceived testimony have whotion priests. short, better In the than ings. its effectiveness. preciate

in religion influencethe exerted by first the imporPossibly most and of doctrine unchanging Another isthe far from world modern comis that tant to doctrine point may we is that great value of the Church reallyforting to cares about one who the nature of concerning God. The links to Lord which God. The man scene.the present

the, offers to knowledge Church men intelligence of that the revealed has

It at least quite to obvious, seems althat the has a Almighty been man is It selfexistent. never was man inability writer, thatthe of the the

is is so; say, that to our Father God spir- a created. did create the But God of the respect tochurches command is like in ourselves. not form man it He intelliclothe bodies the which

at influence society large andmen philosophical is a or a essence shadowy is this of In gences he sense men.

others, the to followingdue, among is abstraction. resurrected, a it He of the Father very mankind. Hereasons: glorified, exalted being with a body is is guiding, directing, and who

1. Walter Lippmann pointed out thai of flesh and bones. Spirit courses helping his spirit children to progress

when men know they have created the through his veins instead of blood, and become like him. Our sojourn

is reality the of of it vanishes image God, mortal. longer because he no He in mortality probationary period is a

I like last like night's the dream. way he because understands was man in eternal of the great scheme

in brilliant colleague. Dr. which my us. eternal the once like Through life in this progress. men do What states the situation Nibley, about Hugh

the God of the churches: God has beages he progressed until he became will determine in a great measure

come a shadow of the churches. God. He is the Creator of the heavtheir destiny in the hereafter. The

2. The "strategic defeats"of which ens and the earth. His power, knowlChurch from its founding therefore

Professor Jefferson speaks reveal? edge, wisdom, and love can only be emphasizes the extreme value of life

clearly that the Christian churches inslightly comprehended by us in our here and now.

authority. lack divine volved Had present estate. But it is possible for The fact that we consider God that their truly conscious men been

churches were guided by such authorus eventually to comprehend God the very Father of our spirits means ity, they would not have had to reand become like him if we keep his that we have an exceedingly high treat on issues involving doctrines commandments conception of man. Indeed, man is

vital considered presence to them. The... nevertheless, the day shall come when of royal descent and has dignity and of divine authority in the churches

would have prevented the acceptance you shall comprehend even God, being worth. Let me call attention to some

of false doctrines. There would have quickened in him and by him. (D. & C. statements concerning the supreme

been no occasion to retreat. True doc88:49.) value of the souls of men. The Lord

receiveth receiveth he that And my Father trines will directed all blasts weather all Father's therefore kingdom; that my said to Joseph Smith "scientific"at othermy or them, whether

wise. Father hath shall be given unto him. (D. & Remember the worth of souls is great in

C. 84:38.) the sight... (D. C. of God; 18:10.) & 2Ibid., "Have We Passed the Age of Religion!

all 424 inviteth 423,...... to he [God]XVI, come unto

point to that cit.. 59 out the I hasten of his goodness; him and partake he and to Preface 4A3Op. is in is like his Father. Morals (New York: The Macmillau Christ the HeCo., 1929), p. 36 (Continued 560) on page

510 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and sewed up a rent.... Held meeting in

president eomei bribed J)wi the schoolhouse. The house was full, and f a good meeting was held.

The next town visited was Oasis.

I went to meeting and heard some good

Richards. instructions Brother from... In FIRST MISSION the afternoon meeting were wiping many

tears from their eyes, including myself, at the testimonies borne. We didn't go to

in the meetinghouse. ate dinner at noon but

around as introduced for the Lnurck Brother Dougall was

Doodle. Some of the ladies were out in

By PRESTON NIBLEY whiteBrotherdresses.Hawley'sAfterhomemeetingand fromwe wentthere toto

meeting again. The dust was very bad.

felt well. After minutes and I spoke thirty kiss. the south, a goodnight's Mt. Out in III Conclusion it ticket railroad the folks gave us a meeting Baldy, just east of Beaver, plainly viswas

to also us asked to Leamington. They ible. After feasting on the lovely sight we each found Elders George little train the for as while a themNovember amuse went downtown. Albert Smith B. and William in until o'clock the mornleave one did not

Dougall, Jr., pursuing their ing. I sang and recited a few comic things a breathtaking descripThat was enjoy. or enjoyed, to seemed they which missionary work in Holden, Millard

tion, it reveals the poetic and power valises. on.. o'clock strung twelve our At we were County. They now on their of or single President. the fashion, journal started Chinese con- a stick and The

return journey and hoped to finish tinues: fashion, for the depot. It was dark and

their labors before the beginning of dusty, but Brother Hawley was a good the winter. The opening entry was The sidewalks are about 5 rods wide. guide. We bid him goodbye and were

written at Holden. No trees worth mentioning.... After supsoon on our way to Leamington. Wilb

per, meeting was next in order. There was was soon asleep, but I only dozed until the

Holden, November 1, '91. Went to Sunguite a liberal turnout. The choir sang. whistle announced our approach to Leamquite to ington. hard to shake I had Wilb School. day minutes. Spoke a few A good

the platform him, soon on were but we wake spirit is manifested here the meetingand house is the best in the country.... Attended all alone with the dark and cold. It was

afternoonutes—a goodmeeting.spirit prevailed.Spoke aboutWent30 tominthe

conjoint meeting of the Mutual in the evening. Received a visit from four young

ladies and spent a few minutes in listening to music, vocal and instrumental.

The following day the elders journeyed on to Deseret.

Holden, November 2, '91. Arose and cut

some wood.... Left for Deseret at 9:45

after filling our pockets with popcorn and apples. Brother J. J. Stephenson took a nice

covered spring wagon and a good team to deliver us to our destination. We arrived

all right and stopped at Brother Kelley's who had been chosen president of the Y.M.

M.I.A. the night before. Got there at 2:30.

While we were coming over, I was amused to hear Wilb ask Brother Stephenson if the rabbits dug up their grain after it was sown.

After getting dinner we started to look at the town. We climbed to the top of the

scaffolding of the new meetinghouse (and We Are the True Born Sons of Zion";

by the way it will be a fine building when eight girls and two boys constituted the

... it meeting. Bishop had a good is finished), to see the glorious choir. town. We A to 2:50 go. in the morning, and no place

old. of Deseret is only 24 years sight Moody gaze. met our valley stretches The I Chris however, remembered, named a man

away on the north to Eureka, and on the Overson, who lived about a mile away, so south to Milford. The sun was just setting The following day the elders we started for his place, leaving our grips—casting its golden rays through the clouds moved on to Hinckley. on the platform. After falling over stumps

that were resting on the mountaintops. and into ditches, we finally got there, but Everything looked lovely—farms in every Brother Stephenson took us to Hinckley he had a dog that had to be coaxed before

direction, as far as the eye could then see. Fat and finally

grazing in horses cattle and ears. contentedly three and bidWeus goodbye.stayed withI sawSamuela calfCarter.with wereachedcouldthegetdoorin thewherehouse.we rattledWe

the broad fields. The houses, all the way We took a table and went out of doors to banged to our hearts content. Finally we

from 14 to 1M miles apart, scattered all do some writing. We soon had company heard a man's voice saying, "Whose there?"

over. Oak, Holden, Fillmore, Meadow, and six pigs, two boys, and some chickens, and I replied, telling him my name, which he

Kanosh could all be located. But the grandthree men about ten yards from us discussrecognized, as it was Mr. O. himself. He

est of all sights was Mt. Nebo in Juab ing water rights. A large flock of black welcomed us and gave us a room and we

County. A rift in the clouds let the sun's birds flew over us making a deafening were soon in bed dreaming the happy hours

rays fall on the upper half of the mountain, noise. Wilb sat down on a nail, and the away as we got thawed out.

covering it with golden glory, as if giving consequence was that he turned seamster {Concluded on page 512)

AUGUST 1947 511 PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH'S FIRST MISSION ( Concluded from page 511) office. Lectured in the evening on the diwhen we got to the dugway going down-

A letter awaited George Albert vinity of the Bible. hillremarking,the teamster"I amwasafraidglad toto tacklelet me it."drive,I

at Leamington. Scipio, November 9, '91. Arose at 7:15. took the lines and we went downhill on the

Cold as blazes; started for Juab; got there fly. Just as we got to Homansville it just

Leamington, November 5, '91. Arose at O.K. at 12 o'clock; traveled with Brother came down. The railroad grade is progressnine o'clock feeling refreshed. Mr. Overson William Thompson and a Sister White of ing nicely. The road is lined with tramps.

told me that a letter awaited me at the post Sanford, Colorado. Walked from Juab, 4 We stayed at Brother Peter Loutensocks.

office. I quickly reached there and was miles, to Brother E. W. Peterson's who is According to instructions from L.E.W., I

pleased to find the envelope marked 29 president of the Mutual. Saw a coyote. had my beard shaved off. The night was

North West Temple. I read it but was very Drove to town and stayed with Brother very cold. Held meeting in the evening.

sorry that the sender was so ill. I do wish Andrew Hendrickson. Weather cloudy. Just as meeting let out the moon appeared

that she would get well and never have to Lectured in the evening and had a good over the hill and it was lovely. Everything

suffer any more. I sent our things to Oak house full. covered with snow; seemed to be studded

Creek by Brother Nielsen. I called on Bishwith diamonds from the moonlight. Eureka

op N. C. Christensen and left my grips. I From Levan the missionaries conis a regular fire trap, built on the sides of

then to fast went meeting and had a good tinued their journey to Nephi. frame.the canyon.The road,Nearlyor street,all theis housesthe bottomare time. the barn, famous Mclntyre's... I saw

is street lined of the with canyon. This the in largest It the western country. was Sister Christiansen to Accompanied sides stores half for both about a mile. on full of It hay, is holding tons. 1,000 296 invited at to Brother Nephi. stay Was... all I reAfter over a long walk town feet long stories high, and roofed with two Bailey's; the invitation. to accepted Went out. feeling turned the almost worn Saw tin. fine lot cattle. a of I saw Galloway First the lectured Y.M.M.I.A., and Ward

... Hoisting machinery. Beck Brother rePay, to R. Met wanted be who... Bible. the on

membered to Aunt Bathsheba. Feel well,

'91.... 15, night Eureka, November The little a worried. but afterpleasant Spent a '91.... 11, the Visited Nephi, November cold. quite Brother Arthur been had Walter at Lovell's. Brother noon Lovell Miss was quarrel Stake people Academy. Juab The called for to to the us mine, but go when I felt indeed. very kind quite at home. to with another see takes care one who in there the got not charge was man of we in the Held meeting evening enjoyed and I us. at After Brother got supper Paxman's I it it for of present glad and was was I myself. After meeting, had bread and folks the streak died nearly and funny a I did go. not to and Sunday want We plenty milk of with cream. at stayed Wilb Sister at nearly laughing me. Paxman in for hoisting the machinery and went saw Oversons. the in Spent evening pleasant fainted, stop. to a Attended I had and good Hill like mine. the cages Eureka go The... conversation. of the in the meeting Y.M.M.I.A. Second everything. to School and Sunday Went

I administer to helped a baby. Ward. the class of of teaching pleasure a had

Oak Creek was visited on Novemladies. the school. I also addressed young

Nephi, November 12, '91.... I went to 6.ber meeting the afternoon spoke and Went to

Bailey's and studied on my lecture. Gave for a few moments. Took a long walk to

Leamington, November 6, '91.... Broththe lecture and received a vote of thanks. the Blue Rock mine and found some pretty

er Amiel Johnson sent a horse and cart for Was taken to Mayor Hague's by a few specimens.... Wilb, Brother Arthur, and

me to go to Oak Creek. The folks gave me yo'ung folks, and found more there when we myself went to the evening meeting and I

their photographs before I left. I bid them arrived. Stayed at Bigler's. gave a lecture on the Bible and Book of

goodbye and started for Wilb. After meetMormon. The audience was about half

ing Wilb we started for Oak. The road Nephi, November 13, '91.... Read WilGentiles, but we never held a more orderly

was very dusty and rough. Met Brother liam Bryan's letter to Mrs. Fannie Thatcher. meeting and when we finished, all seemed

F. D. Richards and party. Met Simeon It was a masterpiece of inspiration.... Said to feel pleased. Saw an eclipse of the moon.

Walker who told us to go to his place and goodbye to the folks and started for the stop, but we declined to do so. We stayed train. Brother Paxman was at the train Eureka, November 16, '91.... Called at

with Brother George Dutson and family. with Brother Bailey to see us off. We were a Chinese store and got some things for the

Wilb lost his coat or gossamer out of the invited to come to Nephi any time and children. Called at the assay office and got

cart, but it was found and returned to him. stay at their homes. Left for Mona feeling some specimens from Mr. Symons. Brother

talk well. [the con- a with John Acomb Had in the meeting evening. Arthur specimens Walter some fine had a good gave me We

.. relative]. a ductor and. Got to Mona of Finlinson. Brother bell Brother formation. a lime Loutensock churchMet... The

here is a bass drum. It was presented to and stayed with Brother Kay; was treated gave me money to buy my ticket. Met

Brother Dutson with some other curiosities well. Had a good meeting but few attendFrank Hyde on the train. Saw the Mamthat were ancient. ing. We had more, however, than a panomoth mine. Enjoyed my ride through the

rama that was held across the road. Some desert, talking to Sister Gillespie. Saw

Fort. or Fairfield, also Cedar

mountains look The missionaries stopped only one ofhoursthe beforepeople meetingwere muchI wentdelighted.with BrotherTwo TheCamp snowcappedFloydday in Oak Creek and then moved Chapel and his little boy to the Nebo mine. pretty. very

on to Scipio. Got a specimen of the ore. We got lost

going up and had quite a time crossing gentle. gullies, quite the horse 7, '91. but was Left in... November Oak Creek, We The diary ends abruptly here, in the the and heard went men; minea Racine met with wagon in company George

Dutson. We had a good team and made three blasts go off. Got back in time for with the missionaries on their way

good time. The wind was very cold. Had meeting.... I spent the evening pleasantly home. We wish it could have been

dinner with Brother and Sister Yates who chatting. continued a few days or a few weeks

returnedhad just home. William Saw longer, but the President we thank

'91. for 14, see us said he Mona, safe in November would... WaitedThompson who for this intimate into his glimpse

is the that the carriage people promised Miss on NephiLevan Monday. Walsh who

staying with Sister Yates is quite a pretty to send to take us to Eureka. It finally thoughts and activities, nearly fiftygirl. came; a pair of little cayuses but a comfortsix years ago, when he went on his

able carriage. I borrowed some quilts and first mission with his companion

Scipio, November 8, '91.... Bid Brother made myself quite comfortable. We drove William B. Dougall, Jr., to labor

at giving to stayed a razorDutson goodbye, him Bishop to Goshen. We Price's. among the young people in southern to Brotherremember home. Henroid School Sunday is on the way Mamie me by. Went

and spoke. Also spoke at the afternoon was our driver. We left Goshen at 1 o'clock Utah.

meeting. Called with Wilb at the telegraph and the climb uphill was all right, but (The End)

512 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

them to do things far beyond their

EDITORIAL NOTE natural abilities. HpHis story of dimensions and relaBreadth righam Young and his pioneer tive values has been taken from B associates were longrange planthe remarks of the Honorable Earl J.

Glade, Mayor of Salt Lake City, deners. As they viewed the desert

livered on the occasion of the Cenwaste of 1847, in the memorable tennial lighting of the desert waste Brigham Young of July, which month at the of Salt head Monument glorious into this transformed Lake MAYOR OF SALT LAKE CITY was

City's Main Street—May 1, 1947. city, they must have realized that, as

another has expressed it, "If you want a crop in one year, grow potatoes; if you want a crop in ten

are now standing at the years, grow trees; if you want a crop

head of Main Street, Salt in one hundred years, grow men."WELake City, Utah, which is The pioneers wanted all of these

one of the great thoroughfares of and planted accordingly.

the world. One hundred years ago Salt Lake City, with its numerous

it was not even a coyote trail. It was homes, its treelined boulevards, its

designed by our masterpioneer business and industry, its 180,000 planner to be wide enough so that a alert citizens, its schools, churches, double, tandem team of horses, temples, and our cathedrals—yes,

these, is convincing hitched to a covered wagon, could city with all of easily make a turn in that selfsame evidence of the motivating power of thoroughfare. pioneer enterprise, initiative, and exThat breadth of vision in building ample, sustained by a kind Proviour principal city streets—132 feet dence. These courageous men and

from property line to property line women have shown us the signifitoday redounds to our comfort and cance of ideals and of dealing loyalgives our city the base for its master ly with them.

plan. And so, pondering our loyalties to

The width of this beauthe past and our opportunitiful thoroughfare is charties now and in the tomoracteristic of the breadth of rows, we look out over this vision of that great colobeautiful city and to the nizer and city builder Brigfirmament above, I am reham Young. We do well minded that, "Ideals are

to pause for a moment, to like stars. You will not sucponder his practical wisceed in touching them with

dom and his wide range of your hands, but, like seainterests. faring men on the desert of

Although he had led the waters, you choose them as

Pioneers on that memoyour guides, and, followrable trek through fifteen ing them, you will reach hundred miles of wilderyour destiny."

ness from the Missouri Yes, if we follow those

River to the Great Salt ideals we shall reach a

Lake, his life, and the lives glorious destiny!

of his intrepid associates, had more because of one dimension—length.

then, my fellow citizens, if youthan just one dimension—the dimenBy contrast, we see tonight the So

sion of length. wide range of interests of the piowould know the monument which

neers. Theirs were lives of all dihas been reared to the memory of

is of the oldest scripture story theTn the pioneers, breadth, depth, look around and you this lived ever on man who will earth, mensions—length,and height. everywhere see that monument

story consists ofMethuselah. That

This was largely because theirs in prosperous cities, with beautiful fortysixonly words was a religious migration. The domchurches, homes, and schools, and

And Methuselah lived an hundred eighty inating personality, to whom their thriving farms in a great intermounyears, begat sevenand and Lamech. lives that dedicated, very was were tain empire.

after lived begat he Methuselah And

Galilee. lived of of the but He Man eighty seven hundred and twoLamech The outstanding monument of all, yet, thirtythree years, earthly and daughters: sonsyears, and and begat

And all the days of Methuselah were his was the motivating career of all however, is an eager generation of nine hundred sixty and nine years: and he time. youth, descendants of the pioneers,

died. (Genesis 5:2527.) The stature of the pioneers was loyal to their memory and now winAccording to this record, at least, added upon because they had caught ning brilliant distinction throughout

his life was principally of interest his spirit. It moved and empowered the world.

AUGUST 1947 513 SYNOPSIS

Tn 1879, President John Taylor called Silas * Smith, Kumen Jones, and George Brigham Hobbs, as president, Indian interpreter, HOLE IN THE and chief scout for a new mission into settlerssouthern together with Utah, from It doesn't slope at all. There are no miracle intervened, they would have Paragoonah.Cedar City, Parowan, and

The way had been charted when the advent arroyos, no drainage scars anyto turn back, and the mission would of Bishop Andrew Schow and James Collett where!"fail.

of Escalante made a new route seem advisable to many of the group. Reaching Forty "From the feel of the earth under- A flurry of snow sent their already

estabSpring, a rude wasMile encampment foot, that dropoff is close at hand,"low spirits to a zero level. There was

lished selected to push ahead and and scouts seek the best route. Kumen Jones, George Hobbs said. "We're already treadnothing they could do except to hole

Lewis, and William Hutchings were seing sandstone."in and wait for the storm to pass,

lected as scouts under George to go Hobbs'"You're right, Hobbs,"Morrell And, from the looks of the sky, thatleadership. disheartening, report Their was

even George Hobbs stating that the country agreed. "If that dark line out there would be a good many hours to wait.

was formidable, although he thought they isn't a rim, I'll eat Marthy's hide!"And after the storm, what? There

could get through. second a third and A

trip inscouting fruitless a He gave the sturdy little burro a was little food, no shelter, no trail finding proved way to the river. A fourth trip with addiwhack on the rump and sent her except back. They had said they

tional into desolate scouts penetrated the atget die in or the through would dogtrotting the sandrock. across

river the toregion only find that still tempt. so far Well, they were his heels mule kicked and up was. The towering, cliffs perpendicular in byhemmed

that defied descent. Added to the difficulties followed her. Walking at a brisk alive. In the meantime, hope was

spirit the missionof was the of rebellion pace the four men and the two cheap; they could indulge in it til)that members. had some of the crept among

And the plight was desperate for the little horses followed the mule. the last.

group,minimum—since withfood littleand chancewater wereof gettingat a The mesa ended abruptly, as the A blinding snowstorm swirled

more until they could win through the inscouts had anticipated that it would. over the mesa. The scouts, lying

tervening desolation. Most of the company Marthy flopped her ears dismally half frozen in their one bed, facing

at Fortyremained Fifty Mile camps, and to the and stood stifflegged on the. very defeat, prayed, and waited for it tobut a small been part had moved

Hole in the Rock. From this point four men edge of it. The mule, knowing he pass. And when at last the sun shone

to appointed scoutwere through it a way if they were in a was as new further, his legs again, to could doubled no go restthe set to to widen The work solitary. alien world, and They his pack, under him and promptand littlethe other equipment than crack—withriver.

their wilt to achieve. ly went to sleep. crawled, stifflimbed, from their

The scouts looked down the ledge blankets and tried to walk. The efin dismay. "There's not a single fort brought such pain that they Chapter VIII break where we can hope to get gave up the idea, and sat down

letting again, the sun them. warm exclaimed. Redd Lem of down,"distant point the mostPassing "Shall dine steak?"on mule we "We'll two up and two and go parties, the former two scouting

the four scouts headed northdown this rim."Hobbs said. "SureGeorge Sevy asked. No one aneast into a wilderness of echoing ly it will break somewhere."swered, and each looked away from

the other. Suddenly, almost and

that others agreed. kept gulchescanyons them and Redd and The

without as if it sound, had sprung left, right south, tracingturning to Morrell went and Sevy and to from nowhere, a mountain sheepand retracing their steps. High mesas Hobbs, north, one horse and one

blocked their way at every turn. pack for each pair. They explored bounded into camp and stood curiKeeping close to the ledge above the for days, up and down, finding only ously looking about him. There was

fear in his eyes, no no trembling ofSan Juan River, they went silently a more and more precipitous drop his magnificent body.along, each appraising his chances along the entire boundary of the

of getting through to Montezuma. mesa. Discouraged, they returned to "Look at those horns!"Hobbs exclaimed. "Six inches across at the point. starting the their best get away from "We'd if they are one!""It looks bad,"Morrell said. "Our base, suggested.river,""The Hobbs

more fall, the deeper the draws."food is all but gone, and a storm is "And broad as a tree!"Morrell

Taking the lead, he headed toward brewing, sure as anything!"cried. "We'll not eat mule while this

the center of a level, deepsoiled "If it storms, there'll not be a critter is running loose!"He reached

mesa, gray with sage, waving with single landmark to guide us,"Sevy for his gun. The big sheep leaped

dry grass. George Morrell medisaid, "granting that we get down back, darted away a few rods,

tated as they rode along. "This off this."turned and stood facing the scouts

bench would make a beautiful townHobbs alone was silent. What a again.

site."headstrong fool he had been, insist- "Save your bullets,"Hobbs said

"Except that people have to drink ing against all others that if they sharply. "I'll try lassoing it!"

occasionally!"Lem Redd twisted the tried hard enough they would get 'And do nothing but scare it off!"

ends of his long mustache and smiled through. Wiser heads than his had Sevy complained. "We're maroonwryly. "I'm pretty thirsty, right said turn back, but they had come ed, and you start playing tag!"

now! on, blindly confident that the Lord Hobbs stood twirling his rope,

"The terrain is too level to suit was on their side, and that, somelocking eyes with the beautiful wild me,"George Sevy complained. "It how, they would be shown the way. sheep. He took a quick step and

will either have to continue as it is Yet here was a barrier they had threw the rope. It missed the sheep's

or drop off suddenly into a valley. found no way to cross. Unless a broad horns by a fraction of an inch.

514 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA wind. He might have stumbled and

fallen from the ledge. He could

5u Atnna f-nnce f\edd have slipped and broken a limb, evenROCK if he hadn't fallen over the cliff. He

surely must be lying injured or dead, for, otherwise, he would have been back to camp hours ago.

They divided and went up and down the ledge calling his name, trying to pierce the fog of clouds that hung below them. But there was no

sign of man or mountain sheep only a vast and forboding silence!

"oon came. The scouts—now only

their packs on their three—put

animals and debated whether to return to camp to report or to chance everything—life, limb, death by

starvation—in an almost hopeless

effort to find Hobbs or bring his body back. "I heard something!"Morrell ran

to the face of the cliff. "It sounded

like a faint call."

Redd and Sevy listened intently.

"It's George!"Morrell cried.

"He's scrambling up the ledge, just a little way below us!"

Redd and Sevy ran to the rim and followed Morrell along it, calling,

George! George!"

Morrell stopped, and when he turned to face the other two scouts, his look was a mixture of relief and chagrin. "We act like we're about

to kill the fatted calf,"he said uncomfortably.

Slowly, now that the three men

THE IN THE HOLE ROCK FROM A knew Hobbs was safe, anger took the BY FARRELL COLLETT SKETCH place of anxiety. And the minute

George's head appeared above the

The sheep leaped backward, darted fully, legs apart, and watched Hobbs rim of the Slick Rock ledge, Sevy off, turned and waited. Hobbs folas he and the mountain sheep yelled: "It's time you got back!"

lowed, more cautious, more sure of bounded out of sight in a curve of "Where in blazes have you been?"

himself. Again the lasso cut the air, the rim. Morrell demanded.

it's missed, and trailed the snow. Once An hour went by. The three scouts Redd said curtly: "Mr. Hobbs,

is no way more the sheep was out of range, and waited impatiently on the windtime we reported that there once more Hobbs followed it. swept ledge for Hobbs'return. They off this rim!"

"I could still shoot that critter!"stamped and swung their arms, and "But there is a way off!"Hobbs

Morrell grumbled. "I thought Hobbs chafed at the delay. The cold bit cried. "I've been clear to the botwas an expert with a rope or I'd deeper and deeper into their veins tom!"

never have dropped my gun!"and intensified the hunger in their The three looked at him with varyLem Redd said curtly, "What's stomachs. Another hour went by. ing degrees of incredulity.

the difference? We're going back. The scouts were now not merely imHobbs went on excitedly, "It was

We won't starve between here and patient; they were thoroughly angry. the mountain sheep that did it!"His

the river. Let's eat breakfast and be Hobbs'playacting was ill timed; it eyes were alight; his whole body was

ready to start."would serve him right if they were tense with emotion as he continued.

"Did Hobbs say we are turning to start off without him! A half hour "I'd throw my rope and miss him by

back?"Sevy asked. later they began to worry. The last inches, and he'd be gone again, only

"Not exactly; he said unless a they had seen of Hobbs he was to turn and wait for me. It was just

miracle intervenes we'd have to."bounding headlong after the mounas if he knew what we wanted, as

Sevy scratched his head thoughttain sheep, his lasso twirling in the (Continued on page 555)

AUGUST 1947 515 P |l

reseruin9

* v the fire lookout here,""I'm up the exact location of man smallest the Jke for explained. he "I watch budding blaze that his he could see with

forest fires."powerful binoculars. If he spotted a

"Have you seen any lately?"a fire, he announced the fact to headLONELIEST member of our party inquired. quarters in town by telephone and

He shook his head. "No. We've gave its exact location. Then a man

as a "smokechaser"was sent JOB been having rain recently. But known

there's no telling when a blaze may to the scene. If he was unable to

the blaze himself, he start. So we have to be on the watch extinguish in the l/l/ond forest fires Fighting summoned aid. all at times."

is a patriotic duty in which every rancher, camper, logger, and other Forhad severalbeen strugglinggruellingup hoursthe steepwe fromWhatthe aroofmagnificentof his world,view hesohadto available person participates. trail leading to the top of the speak! He was above the timber line

Practically all of the time the mountain. The route led through—that bleak dividing line between

scenes of indescribable splendor with vegetation and utter barrenness. lookout man is completely alone, so

towering evergreens stretching into The gorgeous panorama of outdoor far as human companionship is conthe sky and a carpet of grass and splendor consisted of one yawning, cerned. Food is brought to him from

wild flowers under foot. The day timbered valley after another with the nearest town by pack horse. It

was very warm for the time was here and there a knoll or rocky outis a long, arduous journey up the midsummer, and a hot sun boiled cropping. The view, we were told, same trail we had followed on our

down. was especially lovely in the fall hike. The genial host, however, asAt last we topped the last rise when every gulch screamed with sured us that he did not mind the

and stood on the mountain peak, color. loneliness. Often he sees deer and

with the whole outdoor world at other animals, and of course his work our feet. To our right was a small HPhe lookout man invited us in to keeps him quite busy.

frame building. A man dressed in see his equipment. It consisted During our visit with the lookout

outing clothes and wearing boots of firelocating apparatus including man that bright summer day, we came to meet us. He smiled and indetailed maps of the vast forest area. realized that he doubtlessly had the

troduced himself. With this equipment he could report loneliest job in the world.

-<*-,-#$*-America's forests

The flame hit a pile of tinderdry ing storms, killing the finny inhabit- \-Jbtr leaves, and very soon the whole ants and rendering the water unfit mountainside was ablaze, causing for piscatorial propagation. The

RESPONSIBILITY wholeheartedmuch destructioneffortsandofrequiringa large crewthe rightflames inkillmanybirdsinstances,and animalsand outalso of fire fighters. Perhaps a camper burn out dens and devour grass and

neglected to put his fire out before other natural feed for the furbearleaving. several ers of extinguished efficient the wild. I have to It is not unusual and organization Avast campfires fishsee abandoned while on assortment a strange of animals as States known the United

1 Forest Service has, as part of ing trips and hikes. Forest fires fleeing in terror before advancing

its duties, the preservation of our started by a man are exceedingly red flames. Woodsmen have told

country's timber wealth. In spite of dangerous because they usually me of observing bears, deer, and

its vigilance, however, there are disoriginate in some woodland pocket antelope all standing near one anastrous forest fires every year. Some in a valley. It is much easier for a other in the cool waters of lakes as

of them are due to lightning; others blaze to spread up a slope than the roaring flames tore through the

are attributable to thoughtless campdown. Fires due to lightning usually trees on all sides of them.

ers and general human carelessness. begin on a high ridge from which

is radiIf you have ever visited a timber they must work downward, a slower A fireravaged country area, you have probably observed process. cally different after a bad fire.

life furred feathered The that and the blackened hulks of onceliving only conflagrado Not woodland is not destroyed hunts a habinew trees. of are grim, them Many tions ruin tracts vast of badlytat. Everywhere is smoldering desto somber monuments someone's timber also needed but they a have olation ruin. and cabins Wilderness carelessness. Perhaps motorist a effect destructive fish most on and in are ashes, bridges out, wiped and threw burning a or the match stub life. wild ashes contain wood The upland roads crisscrossed halfwith of cigaret a cigar his or car. from lye, into which washes streams dur- (Continued on page 554)

AUGUST 1947 517 EDDIE HAD A SWEET TOOTH By ESTELLE WEBB THOMAS

PRIZE WINNING STORYTHE M. I. A.

IMPROVEMENT ERA CENTENNIAL AWARD

white apron. "Never mind, sonny,"op I'd sing, and I hate to break a

she said, cheerfully, after a moment, promise."

though her voice quavered a bit, "I'm staying."At Eddie's quiet

"The cane is coming along fine. It'll statement, two voices rose in protest,

be 'lasses time afore we know it!"Gramma's weaker one eclipsed by

"That reminds me,"Mrs. Webthat of Nellie, whose fifteenyear-

ster, stirring "lumpy dick,"the old beauty was as wholesome as a milk, thickened with flour that was winter apple. "Oh, Ma, don't let

the family's usual supper, had overhim! It's always Eddie has to do

heard Gramma's last remark. She the hard things! I'll stay myself!"

was a tall, handsome woman, who "Come to supper. Mark, you lead

had helped, on successive days, to in prayer."They dropped to their

bury her husband and her father on knees by the splitlog benches; even

the plains. Her decision then to Gramma knelt by her chair, the one

fight her own battles and be "bewith the woven rawhide seat, which

EDDIE holden to nobody,"left scant time had accompanied her across the for sentiment. It was Gramma, who plains, for though her rheumatic

sat all day with her rug rags and joints creaked painfully, she didn't her* memories, who supplied that. propose to let the weaknesses of

"Someone will have to stay home the flesh conquer her spirit.

tomorrow and watch that cane,"When they began dispatching ultihum, in Vermont her gave lumpy dick, Ma tying she stated, a bib now, on Baby the "Back while to Gramma, is theState,"began "I guess one Eddie matum. his father. sevenAllie, seen never who had

yearold Eddie threaded her needle, There was a moment's silence. Then stay. Mark and the girls have parts

"I mind when the sap was running, Katherine, a youthful replica of her in the program. Me, too. Mother,and it was sugaringoff time—mother, laid down the alpaca basque you don't get out enough; you need

"Gramma!"It was like a cry, she was mending in preparation for a change. Anyway, you couldn't

though Eddie's voice was muffled the celebration, and burst out, "Oh, chase the cow, if you stayed."

and his dark head bent low over Ma, why? Why does somebody "I could be company for Eddie."

the needle, "Don't tell that story!"have to miss the Twentyfourth?"Eddie laid down his spoon and

"What say, child?"Gramma "Because,"her mother answered, pulling Gramma's head down, whispeered at the downcast little face calmly, "you know as well as I do, pered in her ear. She gave him a

in astonishment. Eddie loved her that if we all went, Benson's cow conspiratorial smile and changed

stories and never tired of them; he would eat every stalk of that cane!"her mind. "All right, Kate, I'll go

was the one who could be found "Fence is all right,"murmured if you say so!"

always on his little stool by her Marcus, pulling his bow caressingly knees when he was in the house. across the strings of his violin. He 1 he Websters were not

He was the apple of her eye and the knew he would not have to stay and a demonstrative family, but next comfort of her age. The genuine went idly on with his dream of tomorning, everyone made some small

gesture of appreciation or compunchurt in her tone brought his blue morrow night's dance—the dash he

eyes reluctantly to her face. would cut in the trousers Gramma tion.

"It makes my mouth water,"he was now "foxing"with buckskin, "You're a good boy, Eddie!"his

muttered, glancing around to see the shy, admiring glances of the mother told him. "There's bread in

that he was not overheard. girls when he played "Arkansas the box and jerky in the sack!"This

"Oh, the wee man!"Gramma's Traveler"on his father's fiddle! spoke volumes, for the jerky was

tone held all the endearments un- "That cow could jump over the usually saved for Sunday dinner or known to her tongue, "Is the hunger moon!"Katherine muttered, resentas a lunch for travelers.

so bad?"Her soft old lips quivered, fully. "Don't be lonesome!"Katherine

and she wiped her steelrimmed "I'd stay, myself,"Mrs. Webster said, her radiant face clouded for

glasses on the corner of her stiff went on, "but I promised the bish- a moment, and Mark, ready to climb 518 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA EDDIE HAD A SWEET TOOTH into the driver's seat, came back and The last book, Astronomy for Becry over a hurt, now wept with an stuck his head in the doorway, ginners, had been so fascinating abandon he had never known, not it under his shirt childish crying, but great, tearing"Want to use my knife today—or Eddie had slipped

slingshot?"he inquired, rather and taken it into the hills, to help sobs wracked the slight form, till

shamefacedly, but Eddie smiled and while away the long, lonely hours wornout and faint from hunger, shook his head. Nellie, with tears in and take his mind from the evermerciful slumber overtook him.

her blue eyes, kissed the pale cheek present fear of Indians. Imagine his

and whispered, "Goodbye, Eddie. horror and grief when he returned XT.E was awakened by voices

If there's something sweet, I'll bring from rounding up some wanderers, in the next room and for a moment you some—I promise!"And Gramto find the old goat of the herd, lay listening, uncomprehendingly.

ma held him close for a moment, calmly masticating the astronomy Then, clearly came Mark's uncerand a tear dropped on the dark he had placed so carefully in his tain, "You won't lick him, will you, head. Only she knew the secret of jacket! Ma?"And before Ma could answer,

his willingness to stay, and that For this mischance, Eddie had Nellie's defiant, "No, she won't! If

knowledge made it possible for her pulled weeds for three long weeks Ma wants to lick anyone, she can to leave him. from Mr. Sobrowski's garden; and, whip me!"

The wagon had scarcely rattled since Mark and Katherine must This heresy was still unanswered away before Eddie was back in divide the herding between them, in when Eddie appeared in the doorGramma's room, opening, with addition to their other duties, he way, his tearstained face dead trembling, eager hands, the old rawhad not been allowed to forget it. white. "You can lick me, Ma,"he

hidecovered trunk in the corner. But the day his probation was finsaid, through stiff lips, "I—I want

Carefully, he lifted his treasure and ished, Mr. Sobrowski had unexpectyou to lick me!"

gazed at it with shining eyes. A edly offered him the fifth reader "Nobody's going to whip you,

book! And such a book! Old—with and Eddie could not refuse it. Like son,"his mother said, quietly, "I

pulpy, waterstained covers, its yel- a criminal he had slipped it into the reckon you'll be the one'll suffer lowed pages, torn and dogeared! house and, with Gramma's connivworst. You're the one with the

But had it been the wisdom of the ance, had hidden it in her trunk with sweet tooth."

ages, engraven on gold plate, he her quilt and other treasures. Today Then Gramma, white as Eddie,

could not have looked at it more was his first chance even to examine said tremulously, "Well, laddie, reverently. His lips moving soundit. let's get to bed! Did you know it's

lessly; he spelled out the almost ob- 'way past midnight, and you lying "i

literated title, McGuffey's Fifth I'd better sit outside,"Edwith nothing over you, half the night

Reader, and with a sigh of pure die decided, but the sun was hot, through? You're that chilled, Gramhappiness, carried it tenderly into and the breeze ruffled the thin ma's taking you right into her bed."

the front room and settled down to pages. Benson's cow was nowhere In her room, Gramma opened her

enjoy it. to be seen; and presently Eddie retrunk, and gently laying aside the

tired to Gramma's room and lay fateful book, took out The Quilt.

JL here was a reason for across the foot of her bed, lost in No tragedy was too great to resist

Eddie's reticence regarding the the delights of literature. At interthe comfort of sleeping with Grambook. Books were rather a tender vals he arose and wandered dazedly ma, especially on those rare occasubject in the Webster home since into the yard, staring at the cane sions when she used The Quilt. For

Eddie's last experience with one. patch with eyes that saw only the this was no ordinary quilt; in fact,

To begin with, Gramma had started far vistas opened up by the book; until Eddie had learned to read, it

it all. She had brought in her trunk, finally, cow, cane patch, and even had been the magic carpet by which

along with her Bible and hymnbook, the evergnawing hunger faded he escaped from drab reality. Into

an old blue speller and an arithmetic away like a dream, as Eddie read it Gramma had sewed the family book that had belonged to her son on. history, and Eddie never tired of

hearing the stories of the bright, inin Nauvoo. To entertain the fiveSuddenly, without warning, the

yearold child, on the long journey room was full of shadows, and Eddie tricate blocks. (Concluded on page 540)

from the States, she had taught him could scarcely see to read the final to read and do sums. By the time page. He closed the book and stood

he was seven he had read all her up, staring about confusedly. What

scanty store and thirsted for more. was the matter? Was it night alThrough Katherine, the village ready? Then, with sickening clarity,

schoolmaster, old Mr. Sobrowski, the situation came back to him, and

had heard of Eddie's "smartness,"he dashed outside, with an awful and since the child could not be certainty of disaster. In the waning

spared from his job of herding the light, what had been the cane patch sheep, to attend the school, had oflay before him, ravaged and tramfered occasionally to lend him a pled, and Benson's surfeited cow book; this, to everyone's surprise, stood quietly among the wreckage.

since he had never been known to Eddie never knew when he went do such a thing for anyone else. to sleep. He, who was too proud to

AUGUST 1947 Our PIONEER HERITAGEDL VaL of

is the criterion by which vation, or the height of joy and de-.WHATa people can measure and termination? Again we ask: what

determine the value and is the criterion by which we, the usefulness of the works of its proseed of the first tillers of this land, genitors? Where can it be found, can measure the heritage they beand who is there wise or capable queathed to us? There is such a

enough to evolve it? As descenddevice. It lies in the hearts and

ants of the pioneers and inheritors minds of every single child of God of the great mass of physical and who walks upon this land and witcultural wealth bequeathed to us we nesses for himself all that has been have this fabulous gift before us, wrought here and dedicated in his and yet we are still unable to detername.

mine its worth. In it is contained Each morning the great lifegiv-

one hundred years of bitter toil and ing sun rises over the silvercapped struggle, tears and laughter, vision Wasatch and pours its golden glow and foresight, ability and faith into the valleys below. Once there

faith in God and the future. Now, ROBERT EARL KNOTTS was only barren waste that rejected

after an historic century, we are the foot of civilization until a humcarrying forward this great accumuble prophet of God gazed upon it, lation of wealth on that same high and seeing into the future. And how and with the words, "This is the

road made clear for us by our courshall we measure the memory of place,"transformed it into a garden ageous pioneer forefathers. We are aching muscles, sore arms, and tired that surely must rival Eden. How

adding to this accumulation and still feet, a rough bed on the hard very fortunate we are that, as destriving to be worthy of the responground, fervent prayers delivered to scendants of the Mormon pioneers, sibilities we bear, and yet, how can God under the stars, the strengthenwe can open our eyes to the endless we catalogue and price it so that the ing sound of music and laughter and magnitude of beauty and culture world can add up the total and dedancing feet, the strains of sacred that surround us and let the light of cide for itself our proper rank? The hymns from faithful voices rising in love, faith, and truth brighten up the

answer lies not in the comparison by God's vast cathedral. What instrudark valleys of our soul. This is a

that which we already have in the ment can record the amount of prepicture so clear and beautiful that world but rather through the realcious blood that flowed out upon even the blind can see it, even the ization that here is something entirethe plains and deserts and moundeaf can hear of it, and even the ly new to this earth which must be tains from Nauvoo to the valley of dumb can speak of it.

evaluated by its own standards. the Great Salt Lake? And can it

Only an informed and undertell how much of that rich blood '"Phe pioneers had every quality standing people can be capable of and sweat were sacrificed to condesirable to make them a truly constructing a measuring stick of secrate the promised soil of Zion? great people. They are the kind of

adequate dimensions, proper qualiancestors that everyone desires and ty, quantity, degree, and capacity to can be proud of. Although they left

measure the pain of fifteen hundred the bounds of the United States of miles of endless plains, burning America, they did not desert their desert, and tortuous mountains; the country—their country had deserted

mental and physical agony of long, them; and although they were a diftedious days—the bouncing wagons, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENTferent people, they were not apart

hard saddles, hot grounds; the ERA CENTENNIAL AWARD from America—they were a part of

sounds of creaking wheels, the America. In their hearts burned a

rhythmic thud of plodding animals, love for their homeland, but even the bawling cattle, the crying babies, though they were driven and perthe commanding shouts of the train a9 secuted, they realized that eventualbosses, the cries of "gee"and "haw"ly the United States would awaken from the drivers to the sweating, overt Carl J\nott5 to its mistake and misunderstanding.

straining, heavyyoked oxen and The pioneers were not a fanatical horses; the choking alkali dust, the people without principle or purpose,

weathered faces of young and old they were a determined, resolute turned to the hot, dry winds of sumWhere shall we apply the rule to people with a strong devotion to mer and the cold, sharp blasts of find the length of days of dark foretheir cause and a high aim in life.

winter; the parched, cracked lips, boding, struggle, loss, defeat, and They did not speak of one duty

and the reddened, stinging eyes imminent destruction? Where shall and practise another. They lived

those same eyes that were always we apply the rule to find the depth by their word and the word of God, gazing west, watching the horizon of sorrow, the circumference of pri- (Continued on page 546) 520 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Come Talks to Young People About Current Problems JElUlUflllH* By MARY BRENTNALL the late "sixties"a family came er Best, he receives commensurate

INto Utah from England. The return (for example), in wheat.

mother had joined the Church. The value of both depends upon received. Under these circumThe father, though unconverted, quality and scarcity; upon human stances, it is relatively easy to dehad raised no objections to his needs and wants. And, although velop a point of view of, "I'm going

wife's becoming a member and havsome of these factors can be conto get all I can and give as little as ing their children baptized. When trolled and some cannot, it is still an I can."

the family wanted to emigrate to understandable reckoning because it Yet, the simple principles of ex- "Zion,"he consented and came with is individual and direct. change still hold. In spite of what

them. He never joined the Church, Not to get into too involved a seem to be discrepancies, these prinbut he was conscientious and workdiscussion of economics, let us mereciples hold in the material world;

ed hard to make his family comfortthey hold in the moral world; and

they hold in spiritual realms. able in a pioneer country. Secretly

he had brought enough English five One of the problems is that the pound notes to take his family back more complicated and specialized life the becomes, community to in our that sure England—feeling difficult it is to more tell when we time tired of the they would become

new land and the new religion. are giving and receiving honest valThen, suddenly, disaster struck. ue. The normal bargaining power

Fire destroyed their little log house, of individual exchange and individtheir furnishings, even the "return"ual service is hidden under mass money. They lived the following pressures and mass bargaining. Perwinter in a "dugout,"and it was sonal contact is lost, and some of

of individual the lessons and direct this timeduring that Charles, a boy bargaining are lost with it.of twelve, to to help supwent work

port the family. When he brought This complicated economic struchis first dollar home and proudly ly say that as communities grow and ture has considerable bearing on the

gave it to his father, the father said, the transfer of goods becomes more growing tendency of the world to "Have you paid your tithing on complicated, money inevitably betry to get something for nothing—to

this?"comes the medium of exchange. It creep in under the circus tent.

all the of becomes value symbol and of course not,"said Charles. "No, fact disclosed the survey recent A translated into hats can be or horses

little, I"It's very and knew we that large surprisingly a number or available other any chairs—or it."bit every ofneeded of thoughtful people both and young so, and, merchandise exbecomes

it,"bit every of need do said "We think old that greatest the of one desirable. ceedingly as Just moneyhis father, "but joined the you or, least, at mistakes of of youth one the of becomes "middle purmeans"of will freeChurch your and own is the greatest of the problems youth chase, so merchants the becomechoice, in to and go church a you it is to that believe tendency not supply. "middle of means"Then,nice, meetinghouse; warm, share you possible right only to but "get somejust this naturally, as furbecomesthe fun entertainment of and the sothing for nothing."

traffic ther complicated the bebycials; the association enjoy you and I it is to inclined believe that am producers, tween manufacturers,

girls.of boys exgood and You're not peculiar to tendency a youth growers, wholesalers, jobbers—untopected tenth of one pay your I alone. inclined to believe that am til principles the underlying the

I to that Church. I'mmoney hope it is foisted mental poison on simple of exchange merchandise raising anot boy crawl would who youth unconsciously, sometimes—a in which, pioneer a community circus the tentunder of instead sometimes oldsters. designedly—by a means beand some cow wheat in uprightlywalking at the proper inherited This but of point deadly Brother Martin Brother and ticket in paid his a is further view the increasedentrance—with little to a be confused tweenBest—comehand."weaknesses human bysoul—byall if entirely lost not to view. stark reality life of Pioneer The fear, envy, feelofcovetousness—bythe taken It has involved an and comteacher to that faan impressivewas ings of insecurity inadequacy. and

ther. Ingrained in his soul was the plicated arrangement of transportaThis legacy to youth has becomt

knowledge that each man must fultion and handlers to get us the mulparticularly troublesome because its fil his full obligation if he is to be titudinous gadgets and luxuries manifestations are growing at such counted as "one"with any group. which we feel are necessary or dealarming speed that the youth of

life sirable for in the today. But will to find today have some meansTn a pioneer community it is fairly getting of this fascinating of array it will or it to check engulf them.

easy to see the necessity of everyradios, tractors, highheeled shoes, Almost every mistake of youth is one's doing his share. Mediums of and imported neckties, we have lost traceable to this "something for

exchange are simple and direct. If the direct association which kept nothing"philosophy.

Brother Martin sells a cow to Brothmen conscious of value given and {Concluded on page 522)

AUGUST 1947 521 LET'S TALK IT OVER (Concluded from page 521) economic and spiritual bounties in ities, comprehension, and power that

Stealing, for instance, takes dozunlimited amounts without collectcome by unlimited giving of ourens of forms—from shoplifting to ing pay has devastated human charselves to important causes and printhe "slow up"and "shifting"which acter. ciples. Let no one stunt us by sucfail to deliver a full day's work for ceeding in selling us the idea of

a full day's pay but each form f)UR. Heavenly Father has given us "something for nothing."

is simply a new presentation of the the clue to growth. He has asIt is youth's privilege to "turn

old "something for nothing"idea, sured us that it is impossible to place back the tide."It is youth's priviEvery merchant knows that shophim in our debt, that every sacrifice lege to put every philosophy, theory,

ideal, under the mentallifting inevitably raises the price of or service is repaid by him—in standard,

merchandise, and every employer or measure overflowing. One of the microscope which identifies it

teacher knows that sooner or later tests of our earnest strivings toward either as spurious because it echoes the value of the young man or worngodliness lies in our ability to keep the "get all, give nothing"idea, or an who constantly withholds his or ourselves "paid up"in every situaas true, because it calls forth every if we wouldher best effort must be rated downtion—no cheating, no acceptance of high power within us

it.ward. unearned rewards—since we cannot possess

Idleness, of course, is not always hold what does not rightfully belong It is youth's privilege to cry this the result of the stealing philosophy, to us. unsound theory down. We can do

It may be the result of indifference It would be a fascinating experiit by the direct look at life—ecoor bad habits or physical weariness, ment to watch ourselves day by day, nomically and morally,

but certainly a full recognition of hour by hour, and make sure that we In this centennial year, we can be the fact that development comes are paying in full. We would perespecially grateful to our forebears

only after paying the price of work haps all strive a little harder than we for establishing in the simple, limited would help to diminish laziness and are used to striving, because we pioneer life, proof of fundamental would do away to a large degree would be mindful of the times when principles; for demonstrating by

with the dishonest effort to disguise it is impossible to give full service, their lives that the honest exchange one's lack of skill or knowledge by Figuratively speaking, a little extra of a cow for its value in wheat predicating or bluffing. stored up "surplus"or "credit"vails in every situation in life; for

Immorality is a marked manifestawould help us meet the inevitably showing us that we all have definite tion of this belief that one needn't less productive times of illness or obligations in life which must be met pay virtue's price, that one can avoid age with the gratitude, cheerfulness, if we are to be happy, competent, the results of sin. is a manifestapatience, and cooperation which and selfrespecting; in suggesting

tion of the belief that there is no such situations require. that we must substitute for the imdirect relationship between price It would be an interesting game to possible and deceptive doctrine of

and value—that we can "get sometry to put life in our debt, to try to "something for nothing,"the game

thing for nothing."put our families and friends in our of trying to put life in our debt.

Many people—both young and debt. I've an idea that it is no more Thus, if our best efforts go into

old—cheat themselves into poor possible than it is to put our Heavkeeping one step ahead, we shall go

health and poverty by failing to pay enly Father in our debt. Of course, forward at a vigorous speed, for life

the price of good health and success, this kind of game would contemis a great sportsman and will not be

How many marriages are wrecked plate paying in advance—challengoutrun, nor will it be tricked. Crawlupon the assumption—sometimes ing life to reward us. This calls for ing under the circus tent was not

unconscious - that happiness is great faith, one of the most poweracceptable to honest thinkers in piohanded out to the selfish, the lazy, ful and daring possessions man can neer days. It is less than acceptable

the insincere, the fearful, and the have, and one carrying with it the now. Youth can negate this tentcynical! highest rewards. crawling tendency by determinedly

It is doubtful if we shall ever I am, of course, not speaking enbuying its ticket in advance. On this

know to what extent acceptance of tirely of monetary rewards—but of basis, life will deliver a magnificent

the philosophy that life can dole out the development and growth in abilperformance!

IS ALCOHOLISM A DISEASE?

(Continued from page 508) trade their rational will power for mentally, and spiritually—the makHpHE world which hungers for peace alcohol. Alcoholinspired treaties ers of alcohol are encouraging the

is not safe while the leaders and agreements are as brittle glass in use of the poison—for poison it is.

whenever they meet must have a the passing years. The same may be It must be a profitable business.

social sip of vodka or whiskey. These said of social leaders, small or great, Note the full page, beautiful advermen, and that applies to all of them, who have not intelligence enough to tisements in magazines where adverhere or abroad, with worldheavy provide an evening's entertainment tising costs the most. All manner of

responsibilities on their shoulders, for their guests without the help of devices, often insidious, are emshould be free men, normal men, alcoholic drinks. ployed to induce the use of alcoholic

masters of themselves, in full possesDespite the knowledge of the evil beverages. For example, all know

sion of their powers; and ashamed to effects of alcohol—bodily, morally, that when a natural farm product is

522 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Is Alcoholism a Disease?

fermented, alcohol is produced from the contained sugars, starches, andother carbohydrates. The small rePah

maining residue retaining the protein DESERTED HOMESTEAD ACHIEVEMENT of the original substance, is a valuable animal feed. Because of this byBy Helen Mating By Jeannette H. Demars

literature ofproduct, volume Lane a vast I walked Memory down all time as has Today though strangely seems Tt blackberries grew. wildis praising Where the brewers and dis- * now stopped. head, high above In thickets mytillers in their for help producing the and road outlines splitrail fence The lost to view. world was The

high protein feeds. This ignores the field. I stopped to pick, to fill my pail,

harm from the use of the alcohol The shakeroofed barn is mossy green and And dream of days gone by blackberries picking lopped went we When of the simpleproduced, and also I. and you leaning years; yet still it might hold Together, With

Itfacts of nutrition. is but another voice a baby But suddenly yield

strong protest in Was raisedtrick to lead towards men gate hangs gingerly, alcoholIf came. harvest The knee scratchedup and a bruised

raindrop'sism. advertising, clever the Its from Yet hinges rusty by such and long! sharp are thorns tear. AgainstThose

and the weakness of the human will, The fields return to weed and bush and tree; Even as I listened, another voice

in upon Broke my dream;the use of alcohol is increasing by Yet here are dreams of some far yesteryear. of comfort gentle words With

leaps and bounds. It is today one of Time has held back; yet seasons come and Sister soothed the hurts, it would seem.

the greatest dangers confronting the go. Immediately, from somewhere

little boys, lively twoworld. of green and brown and gold and Burst The blend all berrystained, lips hands and With red noise. full There are some legitimate uses of with Just brimming

alcohol. In many industrial enterDistils a beauty's potion for the head; And then, as your dear voice I heard,

prises it is indispensable. As our And theirunprunedrow. weedchoked trees keep to MyFor hearttoday, leapedwhen weup wentin songberrying,

gasoline supplies diminish, alcohol Like beauty's span, beyond the summer's The family went along!

will be used to drive our automobiles. start,

Even today, with engines made for This home remembers when it held the the use of gasoline, a ten percent adheart. A FARMER'S BARNdition of alcohol would increase

driving efficiency ( on the part of the By Mildred Goff engine ). When costs of production CANNING TIME farmer loves his barn in a very special

possible, a mixture bothmake such way By Solveig Paulson Russell A man could ever understand. willfarmer No city be benefitted. and factory

hay, the store place to just than a It's more All this should about alcohol lovely place the kitchen is a land. the building on just a than more Far be OH, schools, things! canning by everybody.known The Mother's When

begins and ends. of It's the work day where business! in It's full large of so measure which depend muchon we

sign is open farmer's barn a good A sings always race, Mother theto should coming shape intends. all that he of he's done, what Of

children round and round us shoos life's design. pupils. And his their facts to alcohol isteach It of a symbol

of her way. out keep this of ToRefusal is an evidence to do

the part realize could city man is No nicer far It reallyfear of the the consequences from man's heart. has in a farm farmer's barn play. A for to run and us Than or or kings,beer the whiskey barons

a deliberate cooperation with them. Our mother peels the peelings

It is more important in life to know In curling slender rings;

the harmful effects of alcohol on the She talks about the seasons TO A VIOLINIST body and mind than to know the And the blessings each one brings By Miranda Snow Walton lives so happy our make To of the earthdistance to the sun, and hands are strong, with secret, silent sort of way. In every Your facts, other to unrelated thousanda

strength; is kitchen the time In canning

lives butour which melody schools worship of golden build a bridge The nicest place to stay! They secure upon a star, can rest dreams Where their knees.almost on

It remains merely to say that LatEach note a gem of silvered symphony.

terday Saints, following the divinely Your hands hold blessedness! They know

the power unare of Wisdom,given Word release grief and bring of shatter dams To againstequivocally of alcothe use of streams singing pain guiding down By hol in any form as a beverage. They sound,

know that the argument for modUntil a wearied soul finds rest and peace.

erate drinking is much like the proYour hands are tender, too, and finely verbial wolf in sheep's clothing. skilled;

note where pearled white, one mold to are not going be fooled by TheyThey find love may cling to 1 the intalk. passion's greedspecious of dross They from Security

spired warning: A love that only wordless beauty can unThat inasmuch as any man drinketh bind.

wine or strong drink among you, behold it Your hands are strong; they shape jeweled

is not good, neither meet in the sight of your harmony

Father,... Whereon a love can flow like diamond dew,

And, again, strong drinks are not for the Uniting souls on conduits of song belly,... (D. & C. 89:5, 7.) When words would only sever it in two.

AUGUST 1947 which, attend +Jhe R l YY A K D b

lest he esteem thee to be his enemy. (D. &

121:4143.)TheterdaykingdomSaintsof Godis moreto thethanLat-a final.sential Blindpart ofobediencethis system.is notBrighaman esloveC. toward him whom thou hast reproved,

final reward or an eternal rest Young expressed this most succinctfor the faithful wherein no more ly when he said: The boundless love and affection

labor or problems shall confront I am more afraid that this people have so which the Saints had for Joseph them. On the contrary, it is an organmuch confidence in their leaders that they Smith prove that he personified these

for of inquire offers will not themselves religious system whichized God principles and established a dynamic every they him.... Let are led whether by activities, opportunities,challenges,

their for observance. precedence the whispering know, by and woman the balanced man toward guidanceand themselves, Spirit to the of whether of God of secret for the asked he was When individual of eachdevelopment the in the their leaders are path walking his influence as success a leader and salvation eternity.throughout The dictates, not. or (Compiled A. Lord by John

which it offers is not secured by Widtsoe, Discourses of Brigham Young, over his people, he answered, "I a flight from this world, but is based 1943 edition, p. 135.) teach them correct principles and the

upon the conquest of evil in the individual through the acquisition of wisdom, moral, and spiritual strength. These values and strength

are secured by obedience to a way of life rather than by mere conformity. Thus, its adherents acquire intellectual, spiritual, and moral qualities through dynamic experiences

and effort.

The distinctive aspect of the Church as the kingdom of God on earth which achieves the above mentioned dynamic types of salvation is its lay leadership system of government and control. This means

that there is no hierarchy of priests or professional clergy with a monopoly on Church leadership. Like the

citizens of ancient Athens, every

The Church has constantly empeople govern themselves."Thus,member of the Church is a potential

leader and is drawn into some activphasized beliefs and practices that one of the most important factors in ity or position which gives him are diametrically opposed to the the loyalty and activity of the memvaluable experience and training in principles of dictatorial authority, bers for the Church is the realizasuch as its insistence upon the divine tion that each individual is of uniqueleadership. It is unique because it

combines this diffusion of authority inspiration of the United States and divine importance in the Church and responsibility with a remarkable Constitution, with its dynamic asserprogram. There is also'the mainteunity and solidarity which is genertions of democratic principles and nance of a delicate balance between

ally associated with an autocratic the importance of individual rights the significance of the individual and and liberties. It has continually of the group. Actually both are ofrule assisted by a hierarchy of aristocratic leaders. The power of the stressed the importance of mass and supreme importance as twin pillars

General Authorities of the Church is higher education, and has not of the Church structure. The group

based upon the good will and supsought to dictate which institutions is emphasized as a means whereby port of the members. The Church its members may attend in this quest collective security and activity are

does not possess controls over the of knowledge. In the Doctrine and secured and as a dynamic situation

political, educational, and economic Covenants there is a statement of the for the development of the individlives of its members. spiritual basis of authority which is ual. Salvation is to be obtained

sharply antithetical to absolute through working with and for one's ''T'he Church system is a remarkable authoritarianism. fellow men, not by monastic seclusion and social isolation.

synthesis of authority and deinfluence can or ought to or be No power priesthood, of the virtue onlymocracy which does not nullify the maintained by essential importance of the individby persuasion, by longsuffering, by gentleHPhe Church demands a great deal ual. The General Authorities receive ness and meekness, and by love unfeigned; from its members. It offers no

the revelations for Church guidance By kindness, and pure knowledge, which easy route to eternal exaltation nor the soul without greatly shall enlarge regeneration stresses a sudden to appointments Churchand make guile without hypocrisy, and the elect are whereby saved by a these acts havepositions. But must sharpness, betimes with when Reproving

the support and ratification of the moved upon by the Holy Ghost; and then single experience. From childhood

members to become operative and showing forth afterwards an increase of to old age there is a multitude of 524 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PARTICIPATION CLA Sewvice duties and tasks to be performed in By RUSSEL B. SWENSEN, Ph.D.

the various auxiliary organizations, PROFESSOR OF THE NEW TESTAMENT AND PRIMITIVE the priesthood program, and foreign CHURCH HISTORY, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY missions. There is little stress upon

any selfconscious discipline except certain dietary and health provisions peace. There is a sublime faith in fold the situations wherein one meets

of the Word of Wisdom. However, the goodness and mercy of God and and works with others. The ward

the considerable amount of tithes his deep concern for every human chapel is a busy social center, bringand financial contributions and the personality. There is also a deep ing people together from every walk

expenditure of much time and effort trust and faith in the inherent goodof life. They are not passive spectain the accomplishment of many ness of mankind, and a complete retors and listeners but predominantly

Church duties and assignments conjection of the doctrine of original sin active workers in some phase of stitute a type of selfdenial and diswhich stresses the essential evil Church activity. Their work is not

cipline. But such discipline is not qualities of human nature. Thus, confined to Sunday but reaches out

emphasized for its sake alone, but joy and assurance prevail in the into the week in the nature of comoccurs as a means to an end. It is hearts of those who have won the mittee meetings, auxiliary organizaan incidental aspect which is necestestimony of the spirit through their tions, and participation on various

sary for the attainment of a greater righteous lives and unselfish servprojects, such as the Church welfare objective, the performance of the ice. But this faith is not merely eviplan.

task at hand. Invariably these peodent when times are good, but even The result of these frequent and

ple express deep gratitude and joy more so in times of tragedy and disvaried social contacts is a greater sofor having had the privilege of servaster. This is wellillustrated in the cial experience and the formation of

ing their Church in its manifold proearly history of the Church. These many lasting friendships among peogram. They recount their many stalwart people were not daunted by ple who otherwise would have never

blessings and joys which they have the most difficult and tragic circumknown each other. A banker might

experienced in its service and feel stances which were met with stern work under the direction of his clerk more than repaid for the things they fortitude and a buoyant, abiding upon some committee. A laboring

have done. An analysis of these refaith. man and an employer may sit side by

side in their priesthood quorum meeting and may go together as a team upon some particular assignment. The bishop of a ward may be

a carpenter or a merchant, a teacher or a lawyer. But in his Church work,

whatever he may be in his secular position, he is rated by the degree of leadership and spirituality which he manifests. Of course, social barriers are not always broken down,

but such is the exception rather than the rule.

HThe foreign missions bring the Latter-day Saint youth into intimate relations with all kinds of people whose language, customs, and hiswards and satisfactions is a most reAnother great reward which is torical background are vastly difvealing and stimulating study. the legacy of active Latterday ferent from his own. These missionThe greatest blessing which these Saints is their enriched social life. aries live intimately with the people

faithful members experience is a Their way of life would be a horrible whom they serve, and invariably detestimony of the reality of God, his love for man, and faith in the divine inspiration of Joseph Smith and the CJalvation is to be obtained through working with contemporary leaders of the Church. and for one's fellow men,

There is a great faith in the hand of

God as a vital factor in the development and course of human history, one for a hermit. It is characterized velop a great affection and love for

and a powerful assurance that the by so many meetings and social acthem. Invariably missionaries say

powers of righteousness will triumph tivities that outsiders are amazed at that their special mission field is the over evil in a period of millennial their extent. It multiplies by ten- {Continued on page 550)

AUGUST 1947 525

TheGodworkis oftenof themisunderstood.prophets of

The lesson to be gained from the Old Testament book of Jonah, PROPHECY...

for instance, is not that a man can be live to swallowed by a fish and reQf the difficult days that followed the that but count his experience, the death of Smith, cLlakt Joseph Elder all that Israel loves of mankind; God T. Ezra of the a Ljuldlnf Benson of the Council

to the of those world, are ready who to Twelve had this say:

if taught, repent, are they only may receive the same blessings as those We found ourselves cooped up in Naueverything that we shall want, sold at less already keeping the commandments. voo, and the word of the Lord to this peothan St. Louis prices,"and I thought when

Down through the ages many ple was to gather out; and mobs menaced I came to reflect upon it that it was a very

thing, improbable Brother and told Rich us side. every on me at that Some good men destruction prophets promised have

I that he thought had the done of job up time to Brother went Brigham, shall "We the cononly to a people to have at that time, but the sequel out, get never can we never be permitted to prophesying demnation set aside by the sincere pass through the Territory of Iowa."Says showed the prediction to be of the Lord. In

repentance of the people. Brother Brigham, in reply to them: "We less than six months, the emigration to CaliThe first and foremost prophet of shall all go through, and not a man shall be fornia came through here laden down with

clothing, good flour, bacon, groceries, hurt."and This in him the say Temple of the of the Dispensation Fulness

of we wanted. opening the The of it the Lord. It not the case? was. everything I Washeard Prophet Times was the beloved Jogold mines had caused to rush for them the very the The Saints moment to cross began

seph Smith. Volumes have been the Mississippi River the cloud began to scene of excitement, they came with their

written about his prophecies and disperse, and the light in the west began to trunks full of the best clothing, and they their fulfilment. break forth; mobs began to disperse each opened them and turned out a great deal

the clothing, the and sisbrethren and the on right and on the left, to let the of "I have heard Joseph say many way ters coats, bought vests, good shawls, and Saints pass through unhurt.8

times that he was much tempted dresses at a mere nominal price, and in this gave revelations the Lord the Lord supplied way our wants, and of the early in very experiences And if will he so again the do circumstances imto ever through be so seemed about thehim—it valley, this the excerpt is from Presit. is require I the This in, believe God and fulfilled,"his for to possible be them ident Kimball: C. Heber I in trust.9 put him my later Kimball, associate, C. Heber

testified. 1 Such might have been the

Prophet's feelings as he prophesied any of these His (Joseph's) name would be known for good and evil among men."The waters to be cursed in the last days.* The prophecy on war—that the

American Civil War would begin in

South Carolina, and that the southern states would call upon Great

Britain for assistance.*

The Saints would be driven to the

Rocky Mountains, and there become a mighty people. 6

"I shall die innocent and it shall was murderedyet be said of me—he9

in cold blood."

The Prophet Joseph sealed his testimony with his blood, and the following October conference, which was held in Nauvoo, President Brigham Young of the Council of the

Twelve said:

The Lord never let a prophet fall on the I have seen the time when our brethren The inspired utterances of a until hisearth have accomplished he eat beefhides, work; had had to wolves, dogs, prophet aren't always connected

until did tell not and skunks. he Lordand the take Joseph but I can You may smile,

had finished his work, and it is the greatest you that it was no laughing matter at that with worldshattering, or even comblessing to Joseph and Hyrum, God could time, for there were many who could not munitywide events. Witness this

get eat. take even dogs to them away, for they hadbestow to story: of the brethren Many

7 in trying thosesuffered times clothed enough. in skins were When Captain Lot Smith lined

of I felt wild animals. to impressed to say his vol. Discourses, 3, p. Ill of Journal volunteers company in of up them: mind, in less boys, "Never than one Price, "Pearl Smith, 2:33 Great Joseph front of the Lion in House, Salt 61:4-6, 14, 15, 19 Lake sD. & ofC. there year will of plenty be clothes and

'Ibid.. 87; 130:12 prior City, to embarking for the East the History Documentary vol. 5, p. 85 Church, of

cit.. 135:4 *Op. cit.. D. & C, sOp. Journal o[ Discourses, vol. 2, p. 350 (Feb7Journal History, October 7, 1844 ruary 16, 1853)

526 'Ibid., vol. 10, p. 247 (July 19, 1863)

By you can tell Brother and Sister Aussuffer persecution. 11 The temple walls

tin that I say their son is still living, "reached the square"in November

ALBERT L ZOBtLL, JR. and is safe, and will return to them 1882, eight months after Congress

in a few days."had passed the Edmunds antipolyg-

amy act. Under this law, Church

property was seized by the federal government, and Latterday Saintavid a LompaM elders went underground. It was

during this period that John Taylor,

President of the Church, died while in hiding from the federal authorities.

Wilford Woodruff, who succeeded John Taylor as President of the

Church, was privileged to dedicate the Salt Lake Temple after its completion. At the dedication he promised that the Saints would have more

influence in the world, now that the temple was completed, and their representatives would be treated with "Then I will go east with Brother greater respect and consideration said. the delivered Smith,"Sol He before."prediction ever than That

1 in the spring of discov862, it was started the to Austins message and that of in the out world day seemed that organization ered not was third the with company. day The place, of the years but have proved lacked complete a wagon the out overtaken group was by—hishe a its wisdom. master. from messenger Young. Brigham while Wilford warned Woodruff rePresident Young, was who read: line last of the message The at speaking Brigham City in June the group, viewing asked him whom Sol, just arrived "Tell Austin Ed 1894:

for that position, Lot he wanted and his horses."with

Smith replied: "I want Sol Hale."God has held the angels of destruction

lest years, they should reap for many down just seen Elder been Hale had for Elder Marriner drivTt was W. tares. tell the Merthe with to wheat I want you for. ing into sent town, and was rill of the of the Council left that Twelve these angels portals the have

Arriving at the President's office, to recall a promise made to the peoheaven and they stand over this people andof he was informed that the company ple of northeastern Utah and souththis nation now, and are hovering over the to organized been had go east and eastern Idaho: thatearth,fromwaitingthis veryto pourday shallout thebe pouredjudgmentsout. lines set in the stage order and stain troubles increasing are Calamities and tions with which been interfered had distinctly going with very I remember earth, the there to these is a and meaning

his first trip into the President on hostile Young burned and by Indians. They this, things. reflect and Remember upon

were also to protect incoming imBear Lake Valley. A number in the comthese matters. If you do your duty, and I

after there arrived pany, camped, and we duty, shall protection trains. do and have can we migrant my you go?""Now,

that there predicted never be would afflictions shielded the and through any be pass Brigham Young. asked in Valley, raised because grain Bear Lake in safety. in scriptures the and peace Read said, "I "President he Young,"it find that the cold. too Lord But was we tell all will revelations; the they and you

I the elements. tempered remember old what to given promise Father have my things. these about are Great changes

and Mother Austin that I would go President Young told them in the first meetour doors. The next twenty years will seeat

ing. to said, here a have come "You He the mighty the changes nations of their for son, among in search has Ed. He

if cold, will stay valley; here but high you live will earth. things, to these see You killed as having reported been been Lord, contented, the serve be and and you I I felt not. whether or oppressed have do his Beaver, Indians, the near on by that will rich."they assured get them He I felt the of matters, these with weight and

... find grain. raise to able a be would return with Bernardino from San We I of here."speak must them

band of horses. His brother and I that the elements have been tempered in all

valleys. In high Valley Cache we have our wagons and horses ready the all Twenty years—the twenty years together, huddled low know, on the you

to leave in search for the body and lands. I remember President Kimball saying in which the balance of power systo recover the horses, if possible. one time when he was there, that the day tem was perfected in Europe. TwenWe were just buying a few supwould come when we would want to crowd ty years, right to the month, saw the

plies."up toward the high benches. That saying is assassination of the Austrian arch-

"Well,"said the President, "if verified today. Go into Cache Valley, and duke, Francis Ferdinand, the spark

you are ready to go south, you are youalmostcantoseethethetopvalleyof thecultivatedmountains,in placeswhile necessary to plunge the world into certainly ready to go east."the lower part of the valley is abandoned to the armed conflict known as World

"Yes, but what can I tell Father grass.10 War I.

and Mother Austin?"

President Young's mind was in President Heber C. Kimball is reTThe year 1926 was a good year.

deep thought. He bowed his head ported to have said that when the Many economists index that

and rested it upon his hand, with his walls of the Salt Lake Temple reachyear as one hundred on their graphs, elbow resting upon the office railing ed the square that the powers of Life of Heber C. Kimball, 1888 edition, p. 409

cit.. Conference Report, October 1917, p. 52 that inclosed his desk. Nearly a minevil would rage and the Saints would Op.uidem.

ute elapsed before he spoke. "Sol, Conference Report, October 1902, p. 63 (Concluded on page 546)

AUGUST 1947 527 THE BPDKEN WDRD LAKE WITH THE SALT WEST"OF THE "CROSSROADS FROM THE HEARD netradio a nationwide over and Organ Choir Tabernacle

EVERY SYSTEM BROADCASTING THE COLUMBIA AND KSL THROUGH By RICHARD L. EVANS work a.m. 9:30 Saving Time, Daylight a.m. Eastern at 11:30 Sunday

Central Time, 8:30 a.m. Mountain Time, and 7:30 a.m. Pacific Time.

f\vite5 and (Exceptions Cconcemin 9 Varieties of 9norance

HPhere is an old and wellworn proverb which says As children we are excused for many mistakes beignorance. And often later in life that "one man's meat is another's poison"1—thus cause of our

giving recognition to the fact that men have many there are times when we would like to claim the same again before us the question:points of difference. Food that is agreeable to some immunity—which brings

is injurious to others. Clothes and colors that are When is ignorance excusable? This would be easier

kind the same if all were of ignorance to answer to others. distasteful or unbecoming are liked by some

is unand honest ignorance it is not. Sometimes but reacts negatively to is beneficial some thatMedicine

on others. People and personalities who are attractive avoidable. But there are some, such as those of whom ignorant""... willingly are Peter wrote, who boring 1—the and unattractive are to some entertainingand

it finds believe what to prefers that ignorance list wilful the whole through might go others. weto And so ignois malicious also believe. There to convenient prejpreferences and of dislikes, likes andof human sensational believe to prefers that ignorance rance, pointand of compatibilityudices, incompatibility—all

ing to the proposition that what may be true of one rumor rather than honest fact, ignorance that chooses take time rather than others about the worst credit is almost to But there of another. be untrue mayman is genuinely ignorance truth. the Some discover to generalin the even in generalization, dangeralways

ization which says that there are exceptions to every naive, but there is also a "smart"and sophisticated to have a new that pretends ignorance different greatly so are personalities and ignorance—therule. Where cynically that and the old questions, answer for all there varied, widely is so experience humanwhere have experience time that and 4answers the aside sets generally be would things which to be few seemwould

in life for which things are some there But proved. true. But always be would which nothingtrue, and

are varieties and There are "new"answers. no There there are always true. which are seme thingsthere

full knowing whereby, ignorance, educated of degrees and eternal constant principles andare unchanging laws that apply to all men at all times. There are overwell the consequences, we disregard many laws: ecoall and undeviating objectives in the plans and purnomic laws, moral laws, the laws of health, and other which from much pay, and always for which we the laws, and laws in nature There are God.poses of ignorance the is also us. There save not learning does prinoperative. There are are constantly thatuniverse

ciples of human conduct, obedience to which is always of laziness and indifference; the ignorance of him who

ultimately good for man, and disobedience to which is selfsatisfied, who ignores the wisdom of the past of his knowledge to the advancing indifferent or is It is always his progress. tois an impediment always

to criticize feels qualified yet generation who and is always own selfishness that for example, to say,safe shriveling to the soul, that immorality always leaves what he doesn't know; the ignorance of him who

its mark upon those who are partakers of it, that hate doesn't want his life to be disturbed by greater light, to believe only discovery; who wants new more truth, are always generalizations Such hurtful.is always

it requires unan believe, because to he wants see the what may not always many although true,inevitably constancy with which they move. And so, while comfortable adjustment to believe anything else, even

seemingly there may be exceptions to every rule, such if it happens to be true. How long shall ignorance be

supposed exceptions do not set aside the rule nor alter justified? The question is difficult to answer, but this

the ultimate and overall consequences. In other words, much can be said: While we may not be condemned

there are some things that are "poison"to all of us for what we do not and cannot know, we surely shall disregarded for accountable what we have wilfully be things are there some it not, and or knowwhether we to discover. or too indifferent too lazy or were or like them all whether us of we for goodthat are

—June 22, 1947.

not.—June 1, 1947. 'Revised

English Proverb, borrowed from the Latin (Cf. Lucretius, ante. 57 B.C.) ill Peter 3:5

528 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

TEHP1E SQUARE

it through, with loyalty, with intelligence, with inLoundev at Schools Lnct tegrity, can have about what he wants, within reason, in this world, in this day.

nHE month of June is traditionally a month of begin-—June 8, 1947.

nings and endings. For many it is the end of

school and the beginning of the serious pursuits of life, and many students come forth from their years in the classroom wondering what they can expect of \Jn Lo/nlng'-9 to fccowntability their education and what the world expects of them.

As we leave our days of schooling, in general it 'T'here are times in the lives of all of us when some"may be said that we find less of shelter. We may have one has to see that we do what we should do, and

had some rude bumps in the past, but the bumps bethat we don't do what we shouldn't do. In our early

come more rude and more real in wresting a livelihood years we become accustomed to having parents make from a burly and busy world. many decisions for us, and to having teachers tell us

As to what you can expect from your schooling what to do from day to day. Before we are fully

No amount of education can ever give you something accountable, such assuming of responsibility by others for nothing, nor can it ever spare you the realities would seem to be essential to the process of growing and the stresses of life, which at some time or other, and learning. But sooner or later we find ourselves

come to all men, however cloistered or however highly in circumstances when neither parents nor teachers trained. What you do have a right to expect of an are nearby to hedge us about and to tell us what to

adequate education is that it will help you meet the do and what not to do. And for such times we must

stresses better, help you to serve your own generation know for ourselves right from wrong and must decide better, help you to a better understanding of things for ourselves which is which.

and of people, and of God and his purposes, and give And so it is that parents have a solemn and a you a more reliable sense of values. It may do other sacred obligation to teach children principles by which

things, of course, but if it fails in these, your schooling they can make up their own minds in all such matters.

has somewhere missed its mark. And how great would be our guilt, if, by our neglect,

in children to should permit our charge grow up we And now as to what the world expects of you:

life. principles in ignorance of the primary of

It expects you to work, to earn your way, to leave it all time a There comes of us must when knowsomewhat better than you found it, to make life someall live it, life learn of us the law and must when and fuller less less for are fortunate or thosewhat who there comes youthful our a time when face it—andable. responsibility. to take expects you One And it years for are no longer excuse an acceptable our deof the crying needs of this and of every generation is faulting. And every parent knows that every child

for men and women, young and old, in every activity must sooner or later learn to face facts and accept of life—church and civic, economic and industrial, the consequences for all his own actions.

social and political, to take responsibility, faithfully There are some things that even a parent cannot and intelligently, without being constantly checked or do—not even for his own child. There are some things

constantly prodded. that no one can do for anyone. No one can always

Conditions have not always been too favorable make all our decisions. No one can always take full

for bringing this about. Sometimes parents have responsibility for us. Others may counsel and love

coddled too much; sometimes society has been too and work for us, persuade and pray for us, but they

eager to regiment. And neither indulgent coddling cannot forever spare us our own responsibility for

our own lives. And they would not be wise to do sonor rigorous regimentation are conducive to teaching

people to take intelligent responsibility. But any young if they could. Having been brought to a knowledge

man or young woman of reasonable education, of andof correctwhat notprinciples,to do, wehavingthen assumebeen taughtthe consequenceswhat to do common sense, and of good character, who will take of our own doing.

responsibility, who will accept an assignment and see Copytight. 1947.—June 15, 1947.

AUGUST 1947 529 liBHURCH1MEMQ Y.W.M.I.A. Board Southern States, she has long been acEuropean Genealogies

'T'wo new members have been aptive in Church work in her native 7V rchibald F. Bennett, secretary of

pointed to the general board of the Lordsburg, New Mexico, as well as the Genealogical Society of the

Young Women's Mutual Improvement Salt Lake City. Church, left Salt Lake City in June for

Association: Mrs. Sara Yates and Mrs. Delsa Pugh Stevens of BountiEurope, to tour the Scandinavian counMrs. Ruth Hardy Funk. ful, Utah, who has been active in auxiltries, Holland, and possibly Germany,

MrsYates was president of the iary organization work in both Salt and to make arrangements for the

Y.W.M.I.A. in Twin Falls Stake in Lake City and Bountiful. microfilming of genealogical records

Idaho, for six years prior to moving to Edna Michelsen Faux of the Salt found there, for use by the Church.

Salt Lake City recently. She will be Lake City Yale Ward, who has been He expected to be away from his desk

assigned to the Junior and the dance active in auxiliary work in the Liberty for sixty days.

committees of the general board. and the Bonneville stakes.

Elaine Paxman Handley has been Clothing Drive released from her duties as a member 'T'he recent Churchwide drive for of the Primary general board. clothing to be sent to the needy

Saints in Europe netted some fifteen

Spokane Stake carloads of clothing which has been

Cpokane Stake has been organized sent to Europe for distribution.

from portions of the Northwestern

States Mission. It is the 168th stake in Sea Gulls

the Church, and the third to be orAs the "This Is the Place"monument ganized in the Pacific northwest. was being made ready for its unAlbert I. Morgan was sustained as veiling July 24, sea gulls which will alstake president, with Frank A. Davidways be remembered wherever Morson and Roscoe R. Hamm as counselmon history is recalled, were invited to

ors. the monument site by daily feeding of

will gulls SARA It is that the sea hoped the Stake will bread. Spokane Comprising

YATES near "second see fit to a home"make Washington; Spokane, be two wards in

and one each in Dishman, Washington; the site.

Moscow, Idaho; and Lewiston, Idaho.

The Athol, Bonner's Ferry, Coleville, Tabernacle Organ Recitals

Coeur d'Alene, KelloggWallace, and "Deginning in July and continuing

Sandpoint branches have all been transthrough the centennial summer, an ferred to the Spokane Stake. additional tabernacle organ recital was

The organization of the stake was given six afternoons a week on Temple under the direction of Elders Ezra Square to accommodate the tourists.

Taft Benson and Mark E. Petersen of Recitals were given at noon, six days

the Council of the Twelve. Dr. Milton a week, and at 4:00 p. m., daily.

R. Hunter of the First Council of the The number of tourists visiting TemSeventy, touring the Northwestern ple Square increased 74.8 percent in

States Mission at the time, was a June over the corresponding month of speaker at the sessions. 1946.

RUTH

HARDY fUNK 1HP

piiiMP

Mrs. Funk is a graduate of the University of Utah with a major in music.

She has been active in Mutual and other auxiliary work in the Washington and Chicago stakes, as well as stakes in Salt Lake City. While living

in the East, Mrs. Funk conducted several choruses. She will be assigned to

the Junior and the music committees of the general board.

Primary Board

HpHE following appointments to the The Nauvoo Branch on Upolu Island, SAMOANSamoa, is GROUPwaking history. Little more than a year old, the

hundred members. will one have soon chapel fine and dedicated already has a Asthe Primary branch of board general

three it is Fitisemanu, a Brother accomplishment, this for other than credited If any more be can one announced: in the Price been of Pearl published Great recently have sociation the translating assisted who fifty pound man, hundred

in Samoa, jubilee fiftieth of Church year the is the remembrancesin his fondest of language. One Samoan the secretary of Hill, as Velma K. Elder Hardy late Rufus the Smith Albert and President George by attended in 1938, and held was

Mission. of the Samoan Adams John President Q. by in the of missionary First Council former the whichof the board. Seventy.—Reported A

530 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE CHURCH MOVES ON President Smith Entertains Governors Tabernacle Missionaries

President George Albert Smith and '"Phe interior of the Salt Lake TaberHPwo hundred eightyseven missionhis family played host at a buffetnacle is being repainted, the ceilaries for the missions of the Church supper at his home, July 15, for the ing receiving a robinegg blue shade throughout the nations of the earth governors of the states and territories instead of the usual cream tint. Before entered the Mission Home, June 16,

of the United States who were then the end of the summer, the exterior of 1947. This is the largest group to ever

meeting at an annual conference held the building will receive its coat of enter the mission home. Thirtyfive

this year in Salt Lake City. paint. hundred fulltime missionaries are now

Guests during the evening, besides One hundred thirty thousand in the field.

the governors and their parties, inpeople saw the Centennial pageant, cluded seventyfive newspaper men "The Message of the Ages,"which World Scout Jamboree who were "covering"the governors'ran for twentyfive performances Dy invitation of the National Counconference and most of the General between May 5 and June 6. The cil, Boy Scouts of America, PresiAuthorities and their wives. limited number of tickets available dent Oscar A. Kirkham of the First

This evening at President Smith's prevented more from seeing this Council of the Seventy will attend the will be more fully covered in an article pageant. sixth World Jamboree of scouting to

in the September Improvement Eta. Brigham Young University Library be held August 9 to 22, forty miles

'T'he library of Brigham Young Unifrom Paris. His special assignment as

President George F. Richards versity, Provo, Utah, has received a member of the World Staff of this

Tn a quiet ceremony July 20, President several old manuscripts and codices jamboree will be the 1,050 American

George F. Richards of the Council from the National Museum of Mexico. Scouts in attendance. He has attended

of the Twelve married Bessie Hollings Several of the codices are preCortez four of the five previous world jamin the Salt Lake Temple. in age. borees with such an assignment. i

Third Madill, row:MISSIONARIES E. Thomas Clark ENTERING THE MISSIONARY Farrell Kent Jenkins, Lorin Dixon, Fifth row: Edward HOME Ken W.

Bunker, Williams, Keith Orley F. Allred, Parley DEPARTING Sher- R. Robinson, L. Casper, Johnson, Clarence Lee O. MAY 5, AND MAY 14, 1947

Reading from left to right, first row: MarJean Rich, David F. Smith, Elden U. Webster, Calvin C. man Wildo, Elwood C. Hunt, Denzil R. Rogers, WilAlder, Albert Longhurst, Ermadene Olsen, Don B. Cole. liam S. Brothers, Etta Rasmussen.

Delia director; McCleve, Jack Patterson.Colton, Fourth Sixth row: Don row: Donald F. Owen Warner, Maurice E. Anderson, Keek, A. Norman

Madill, B. Sheffield, Marshall row: Hulda Charles M. Second Donald Halladay, Bartschi, Joseph Vern Robert Lorenzo M. Brown, DeParker,C

Julian Patch, Smith, R. Wall, Stout,Arthur DeLoss Monterey M. I.Eggleston,Perkins, RayL. Smithson, L. Jr., Atton Williams, J.Warner Fenton D. mars, Jack A. Klemm, John

Ralph L. Ryan, Paul L. Westover. Stevens, Richard A. Bliss. Harris Crosby, David D. Lingard, Grant Hodgkinson.

MISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSIONARY HOME Afton Allen, Francis Spader (Spitters), Raymond N. Sixth row: Stanley V. Hadlock, Clifton W. Asay,

MAY 19, AND DEPARTING MAY 28, 1947 Lange, Keith R. Glad, Orsen R. Christensen, Jr., Dean C. Odenwalder, Don H. Hendricks, Lewis K.

S. Martin. F. Thomas Eklund, Chandley, Lloyd, Grant R. Howard Ragnar first right, Sarah row: left to Beth from Reading Philip E. Fourth row: Morgan, McAffee, Engebretsen. Eugene

Peterson, Dittmore, Marjorie N. BoydModderman, D. Atkinson, Curtis A. J. Kofoed, Nye, Don Lynn Seventh row: E. B. Gagon, Edwin Ronald Poelman, director; Richards, R. Betty B. Colton,Don Mary L. ReedF. Ida Foremaster, Fewkes, Facer, Lyde Paul Robert Nielsen, H. Reed K. Donald Miner, Alfred O. JohnFinch. Sieverts. Thompson, Albert Peter son, B. Wait, Leonard Higgins, T. Owen Emerson

B. Franklin Margarette row: Fifth Harvey, Harvey, Second row: F. R. A. Anderson, Robert Barrus, Billy Cannon, Jensen. Wayne

L. S. Major, Luella Major,Robert Bruce Brewer, Allred, C. Donald Harvey Arden Merrill Bland Eighth row: Shefford H. Thompson, Harvey C.

L.Nichols, Richards. Forsley, Jane Whiting, Ralph Eugene Robert D. Brown, Blaine G. Wendell H. Steed, Tew, Hirschi, Fred D. Barton, Nauta, W.

Third Francis D. row: Sponaugle. Vernon Buchanan, H. Lewis, R. Victor Petersen, W. Glenn Ural D. Burk, Golden V. Peterson.

AUGUST 1947 531 RECCMILIRTIQNS*EVIDENCESd Mormon first came to him, with its attendant res- <=JLau the \jreatneto toration, in its purity, of the gospel of Jesus Christ, cxw., Wk erem

he did not accept the offering at once. Through two

of vDnak am Lyoun9 long years he studied the book and examined the foundations of the newly organized Church. At

truth of the convinced of the claims of Joseph over as last, is recognized the world

Smith, the of baptism. waters he entered When to his generahigh service Brighama man whoYoungrendered

tion. Generally he is looked upon as a mighty he did so, he sacrificed much of a temporal nature.

leader of men, and the world's foremost colonizer. He became a humble member of a small, already

More careful students of his life and labors hold hated group, with no prospects of earthly advancehim also to be a master in religious philosophy. ( See ment. He could not then foresee that within three

Discourses of Brigham Young. ) All admit, whether years he would be called to a position of leadership

friend or foe, that he belongs among the world's in the Church. But, all that did not count, for he

greatest men. had found the truth!

Since Brigham Young, to the age of thirtythree, Throughout his life he spoke of truth with an was a modest carpenter, painter, and glazier in the exuberance of love that thrilled his hearers, and humble villages of Port Byron and Mendon, New thrills the readers today.

York, men have wondered how he was able to "Our doctrine and practice is, and I have made perform the Herculean labors of his life, and to it mine through life—to receive truth no matter

rise to world eminence. The usual explanation has where it comes from."(Discourses of Brigham

been that he was highly gifted, and that his life's Young, p. 11, 1943 edition.)

accomplishments were due to the exercise of this "The Gospel is a fountain of truth, and truth is natural endowment. what we are after."(Ibid., p. 9.)

However, this explanation of Brigham Young is 'Where is your code, your particular creed?'

not sufficient. Gifted he was, there can be no says one. It fills eternity; it is all truth in heaven,

doubt about that. But, the world is full of gifted on earth or in hell. This is 'Mormonism.'It emmen. Hosts of people, performing the average braces every true science; all true philosophy."

duties of life, have rich talents. The gifts of God (Ibid., p. 2.)

are widely and profusely distributed. That is one "There is no truth but what belongs to the Gosreason why, when emergencies arise, leaders are pel. It is life, eternal life; it is bliss; it is the fulness

found without much searching. Something more of all things in the gods and in the eternities of

than a high natural endowment is necessary to the gods."(Ibid., p. 3.)

achieve greatness in world or private affairs. "Be willing to receive the truth, let it come from

it may; no difference, not a particle. Just as Some say that opportunity is necessary for a perwhom

son to rise to greatness. True, when the gospel soon receive the Gospel from Joseph Smith as from

found Brigham Young, he began to show the Peter, who lived in the days of Jesus. Receive it

power within him. Later, when he was called into from one man as soon as another."(Ibid., p. 11.)

the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles, responsibility In eloquent words he placed God as the source and opportunity shaped his talents to meet the isof all truth: "God is the source, the fountain of all

... All sues of the day. When, in the prime of his manintelligence, no matter who possesses it.

hood, he was made the leader of the Church, he have derived what intelligence, light, power, and..."(Ibid., p. 18.) met the then overpowering problems of the Church existence they have from God.

in the masterful manner that has made him one "He is our Heavenly Father; he is also our God,

of the earth's great ones. But, another man, of and the Maker and upholder of all things in heaven

equal ability and under similar circumstances, with and on earth. He sends forth his counsels and exlike opportunities, might have failed where Brigtends his providences to all living. He is the Suham Young succeeded. There was something more preme Controller of the universe. At his rebuke the

than natural endowment and opportunity that lifted sea is dried up, and the rivers become a wilderness.

the colonizer of the West into huge accomplishHe measures the waters in the hollow of his hand, ment, winning worldwide acclaim. and meteth out heaven with a span, and compreTwo basic qualities made Brigham Young cahendeth the dust of the earth in a measure, and

pable of his tremendous world service. All other weigheth the mountains in scales, and the hills in

qualities utilized by him were derivatives of these a balance; the nations to him are as a drop in a

two. bucket, and he taketh up the isles as a very little

The first of these was his love of truth. Truth, thing; the hairs of our heads are numbered by him,

the impelling passion of his life, was placed above and not a sparrow falleth to the ground without our all else. From his youth to the end of his days, he Father; and he knoweth every thought and intent

sought truth to guide him. When the Book of of the hearts of all living, for he is everywhere

532 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Evidences and Reconciliations present by the power of his Spirit—his minister, the

Holy Ghost. He is the Father of all, is above all,

through all, and in all; he knoweth all things pertaining

to this earth, and he knows all things pertaining to millions of earths like this."(Ibid., p. 19.)

This surrender to truth, with the existence of God /jane Konherence as the supreme truth, is the first key to Brigham

Young's achievements. There is really no other approach to lasting eminence in attainment or leadership. recent promotion sheet bore this thoughtpro- A voking statement: "This is supposed to be theFame based upon untruth is transient and worthless.

This is confirmed by human history. Only those whose age of mass production with everything from furnifeet have rested upon truth, and whose weapon in every ture to faces turned out via the assembly line

affair has been drawn from truth, are secure in the technique."

halls of fame.

The second quality that explains the remarkably In Mutual Improvement work there is no such successful career of Brigham Young was his strict and thing as mass production, even though there is mass complete obedience to truth. He held, and correctly, participation. In the June Conference activities of

that truth unused has no value in human life. the M.I.A. some eight thousand persons particiTruth once found was eagerly obeyed, that is, used. pated. This is a remarkable feat—to draw into

Obedience to truth, whether discovered by man, or activity so great a group of people. Yet the more

received by revelation from God, became the pattern, remarkable thing to contemplate is that this is but practice, and concern of Brigham Young's life. His a small number of participants in view of the great

every act and decision squared with truth. He did work done in the wards and stakes throughout the

not therefore choose the easiest path to personal welChurch. For the eight thousand finalists who

fare; he followed the way of truth though sometimes reached the grand culmination in the festivals and

thorny. activities of June Conference, there are at least

He understood that many a man knows truth, but ten times that number who have danced and acted, does not obey it. Many know that the restored gospel spoken and sung in their wards and stakes. And

is true but fail to join the Church. Thousands violate the truly remarkable feature is that this has been

the demands of truth, to satisfy their appetites or iman individual and not a mass production, even proper impulses. though the program results in mass participation.

Brigham Young is reputed to have had a strong will. To many people this would seem incredible; yet

That was needed in the conquest of the desert. Many to Latterday Saints it is perfectly clear how this

have failed to understand that in the exercise of his could be. The ideal in regard to activity in the

will power he was not autocratic, but firmly determined Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is for that truth should be obeyed, so that success could be everyone to have the opportunity to develop to the won in the fierce battle with the wilderness, and with best of his ability in various fields, to accept every the appetites of men. opportunity for participation that arises. Thus,

prosper world exceedingly whole if every would The enter into the dance program, many the drama his life in truth. will for It is the flabby had a adman presentations, the speech music festivals, exand

herence to truth, or righteousness, the expression of periencing great exhilaration and development truth, that lies at the bottom of all human disasters. through the release these activities offer.

"Truth is obeyed when it is lived."(Journal of

Discourses, vol. 7, p. 55. While we rejoice in the breadth of these activ-

"A mere theory amounts to but little, while practice ities, we must not forget that, widespread as they and obedience have to do with stern realities."(Ibid., are, we are still not reaching all who would receive

"Some of you may ask, 'Is there a single ordinance times ten the eight thousand whose lives are being to be dispensed with? Is there one of the commandenriched by our program. We must seek out those

ments that God has enjoined upon the people, that whose lives are being lived in the shadows, whose he will excuse them from obeying?'Not one, no matter ways should be broadened or changed by wholenow trifling or small in our own estimation. No matter some participation in Mutual work.

if we esteem them nonessential, or least or last of all the commandments of the house of God, we are under People stand to lose or find themselves in their isobligation to observe them."(Discourses of Brigham recreation. The assignment given to the M.I.A.

Young, p. 222. indeed an allimportant one, one that cannot be

it is one that can Since the restored gospel contains truth, its welfare too strongly stressed. And yet

fill theirnecessarily was foremost in all that he did. So combring the greatest happiness to those who

plete was his obedience to external truth that all earthly calling to the best of their ability, for it will repay desires had to take second place. Thus: a thousandfold all the time and effort expended.

"I am not bound to wife or child, to house or farm, M. C. /.

or anything else on the face of the earth, but the Gospel of the Son of God. I have enlisted all in this cause,

{Concluded on page 542) AUGUST 1947 533 a:: LOW ==5jMlynIlllijBte

red men, and there had been terrible battles in which many on both sides FARES TRADEMARKS were killed. The missionary friar carTO SAN FRANCISCO wayried noandweaponsby everybut kindnessshowed inthateveryhe

wanted to be the Indians'friend. He

visit into to a huge the "great I went was invited go and the great machines to the west, others Thebuildingother whereday water"where were turning raw materials into had been repulsed with bloodshed.

finished goods at such a speed that as Thus Lake Huron and later the other

I watched the process, all I could see Great Lakes were discovered by the was a confused blur. One machine whites. He could not talk their lanmade four different varieties of a prodguage, nor they his, but they recognized

uct in one operation, cut them apart, the Christian trademark of honesty, sorted them accurately, and delivered kindness, and sincerity, and were so imeach variety to its own correct conpressed by them, that they accepted veyor at a speed greater than 40,000 him and gave him freely what had been an hour. The plant, several stories high, refused to those who had tried to get

occupied several acres of ground, emit by force.

of people, and repvery thousands I once knew ployed made a a man who 1 -,< collecting of tradeof interesting of millions resented hobby an investment

FAST and ECONOMICAL dollars. Later, the manager handed me marks. It just occurred to me that it

For example: a sheet of paper to take as a souvenir would be interesting, too, to make a

of my visit. "Everything you saw was collection of Christian trademarks.

I collected these COACH FARES Say r?*T built on what you hold in your hand,"In a very few minutes

San Francisco *17.16 *32.30 he said. I looked at the sheet and saw "The way of the just is uprightness."

26:7.) of trademarks that you (Isaiah a number Add T5X Federal Tax

recognize at once. "... be gentle unto all men."(II Timprobably would

He continued: "We sell all over the othy 2:24.)

world. Our packages are printed in a "Lie not one to another."(Colosscore of languages. In some countries, sians 3:9.)

though, few of the purchasers can read, "... let the beauty of the Lord our

but they can all recognize a picture—God be upon us."(Psalm 90:17.)

trademark. They know ours stands for Make your own collection and see

top quality, generous value, and abhow many you can get.

solute dependability, so we strive to live up to our trademark one hundred }m%mmiw percent and not disappoint them."

DE LUXE RECLINING haveHavetrademarks,you ever too!noticedI don'tthatmeanpeoplethe CHAIR CARS coats of arms of knights of old, nor BDDKECDRNEl

TOURIST SLEEPERS uniforms worn by policemen, soldiers, Josephine B. Nichols

STANDARD PULLMANS badges.and so on.I meanI don'ttheirmeanmanners,arm bandstheiror Cool Dishes for Hot Days

their Bedrooms, Drawing Rooms, actions, language. '"Poo torrid to eat? Try these August Compartments of the trademarks of some Here are coolers

DINING CAR a Christian:

Sensible Prices Clean, reverent language Jellied Soup gelatin 2 unflavored tablespoons deeds ungrudging THROUGH PULLMANS Kindly, 1 bouillon beef -) and oz an can (103/2 statements sincere Straightforward, Coast to Coast juice of equal tomato amount reliable Honest, work in bouilgelatin cold water. Soften Heat AIRCONDITIONED

boiling. juice to tomato and Add similar trademarks, a lon and On these COMFORT

until dissolved: gelatin, stirring pour ened life. his builds Christian He strives to

firm. chill until into into shallow pan; Cut gentop quality, represent them make V softchilled dishes. pile into cubes; small Serve \v dependabilvalue, and absolute erous

with once, at garnish lemon and wedge injuncChrist's For information call: ity with in accord own 6. parsley. Serves chopped

H. R. COULAM, tion: "Let your light so shine before

General Agent men, that they may see your good Picnic Salad 48 South Main Str**t works."(Matt. 5:16.) 4 cups cubed cooked potatoes

Phone 4-6551 green onion chopped cup Tn a school history was a story I have }/2 green cup chopped 34 JJ never forgotten. It was about Joseph 2 cups cubed cooked hampepper

le Caron, one of the first missionaries 2 teaspoons salt

WESTERN PACIFIC tohadthegainedIndians.a badThereputationwhite discovererswith the 61 hardcup mayonnaisecooked eggs, sliced

534 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Cook's Corner Combine all ingredients except eggs. Toss

lightly, chill. Arrange on lettuce leaf, garnish with eggs.

Jellied Chicken Loaf

2 cups diced cooked chicken 2 tablespoons unflavored gelatin 34 cup cold water 3 cups chicken stock 34 cup chopped pimiento Yz cup diced celery Yi cup chopped green pepper 2 tablespoons lemon juice 1 tablespoon salt

Soften gelatin in cold water, dissolve in hot chicken stock, add lemon juice, and salt. Chill until partially set. Add chicken,

pimiento, pepper, and celery. Pour into

oiled 5x9 inch loaf pan. Chill until firm, unmold and slice, garnish with parsley and

stuffed green olives.

Peach Shortcake

34 cup shortening Y cup sugar 1 teaspoon vanilla 1 beaten egg 1 cup cake flour 34 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon baking powder Yi teaspoon cinnamon Yi teaspoon cloves 34 teaspoon nutmeg % cup milk peaches

Cream shortening and sugar; add vanilla

and egg. Add sifted dry ingredients alternately with milk. Pour into a 9-inch greased

square pan. Bake in oven at 360 F. for

30 minutes. Split, fill and top with sliced

sweetened fresh peaches. Garnish with

whipped cream.

Lemon Ice with Melon Balls 1947—THE NEW YORKER MAGAZINE, INC. 0?. hAclM

1 cup hot water 1 cup sugar 1 tablespoon lemon rind Yk cup lemon juice 2 cups cold water -Jkt dkl Am qgL

Add hot water to sugar and lemon rind.

Stir until sugar is dissolved. Add remaining ingredients. Freeze in refrigerator. Stir

occasionally. This should be dry and fluffy

when frozen. Serve in chilled sherbet glasses

topped with melon balls or diced fruit.

Garnish with mint.

Shaker Special When you are 'sunk'with washing 1 pint fruit sherbet lemon, (Raspberry, lime, orange, or cranwork—try FelsNaptha Soap.berry) 3 cups chilled unsweetened pineapple

juice. sherbet Place in shaker, pineadd It's a real "Washday Life Saver."until frothy.apple juice. at Shake Serve

once.

AUTUMN

By Thelma Ireland

should reported, woods be The government be The told, FelsNaptha Soap criminal punished be The

The trees are hoarding gold. BAN/SHES TATTLETALE GRAY

AUGUST 1947 535

What Constitutes a Valid Excuse?

Ancient Israel attempted to define in great detail that which was lawful and that which might be considered resulted attempt Thistransgression. IN THE MISSIONS in PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS bylaws of multiplicitya complicated

an official herewith committee publishes The general priesthood the merited definitions whichand stinging rebuke of the Savior on many letter sent to all mission presidents announcing the program for oroccasions during his earthly ministry. ganizing elders quorums in the missions.

The Apostle Paul summarized the attitude of the Master in this regard when he wrote: Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

office of the first presidency

Who also hath made us able ministers of Salt Lake City, Utah the new testament; not of the letter, but of

the spirit: for the letter killeth, but the spirit June 20, 1947

giveth life. (II Cor. 3:6.) TO PRESIDENTS OF MISSIONS

From time to time inquiries are reDear Brethren:

ceived desiring to know what conYou will recall that in the past consideration has been given to stitutes a valid excuse from priesthood the feasibility of organizing priesthood quorums within the missions.

quorum or group meetings. Some letIt is our feeling that stronger priesthood organization and a well

ters indicate that slight controversies correlated priesthood activity would be of benefit to the missions and exist concerning the quorum members'the cause of the Church.

responsibility to their presidency or This letter does not presuppose immediate quorum organization group leaders in this matter. in all of the missions, but is your notice that as conditions may warrant,

Were an attempt made to classify possible quorum organization may be studied and perhaps effected.

excuses or define limitations, the spirIn your consideration of this important matter, it should be kept it which "giveth life"would gradually in mind that there will be no particular advantage in quorum organizabecome extinct. Instead of disappointtion where conditions do not warrant or permit of quorum function. In

ment or sorrow being felt because of other words, before an elders quorum be organized, there should be a inability to attend to those things sufficient number of elders within a close proximity to comprise a which the Lord considers vital, we quorum, or at least a majority (49 members) of a quorum, with the would soon find ourselves seeking prospects favorable to continued growth and quorum function.

justification to cover our negligence. The details incident to priesthood quorum organization and superThe Lord has stated his position by vision with the missions, under the direction of the general priesthood

declaring committee, will be worked out and further appropriate notice given.

In no case, however, is a quorum organization to be undertaken without

I, the Lord, am bound when ye do what specific authorization in each instance from the First Presidency of

I say; but when ye do not what I say, ye the Church.

have no promise. (D. & C. 82:10.) We think that this is an appropriate time for a careful study of

suggest that such study be and matters within each mission, priesthood related experience an Perhaps promptly. remade

illustrate how to servecently may brethren, Sincerely your and justifound be can excuseseasily fied. Years ago while working on the

farm it was a common practice for this brother to notify the bishop to have him excused from quorum meeting whenever his turn for irrigating came on Sunday. Time from this task could

not be spared, and the Sunday devotions had to be justifiably neglected. The First Presidency

On Saturdays the local baseball team played. He was one of the enthusiastic players. One Sunday, as he

was preparing to notify the bishop to Suffice it to say that members who and consideration for quorum members excuse him again from meeting so that truly love the Lord and who sense to inform their officers of the reason he could take care of the irrigation, he their responsibility as his servants upon they ask to be excused. The Lord exreflected that when his turn for the the earth, will find rare occasion for pects us to be honest, to love one anwater came on Saturdays, he always any type of excuse. Rather they will other, and to repose the confidence in

managed to set his rows so they could willingly and cheerfully set aside other those called to preside over us to which go unattended for four hours while he duties to do the Lord's work. Should they are entitled. The whole matter

played baseball. He hesitated, then the time arise when absence is unof the validity of excuses reposes

remonstrated himself: "You hypoavoidable, an excuse may be justifiable where it rightly should—upon the incrite!"Thereafter he found it possible if the person involved can truly feel he dividuals concerned and upon their

to arrange time to perform his Church has placed first things first and that the honesty, integrity, and honor. Let us

duties even as he found time to play Lord is pleased with his decision. be true to and fair with ourselves and

baseball. It is a matter of common courtesy our Maker.

536 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN Conducted by Dr. Joseph F. Merrill

TWELVE—CONDUCTEDHAROLDBY THE B.GENERALLEE, CHAIRMAN;PRIESTHOODEZRACOMMITTEETAFT BENSON,OF THEMARIONCOUNCILG. ROMNEY,OF THE

E. YOUNG, THOMAS E. MC KAY, CLIFFORD ALMA SONNE, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, A Cure for Alcoholics R. IVINS ANTOINE

TT7 C.T.U. President Ella A. Boole,

addressing the world's convention of the Christian TemWoman's

Union, Ashbury, held in Regarding Orders for completedElder Josephthe supplementalFielding Smithoutlinehas justfor perance New

Report and Minute Books the 1948 priesthood study course. Jersey, during the second week in June

continuation topics are a These of declared

Inquiries are received from time to RevelaHistory and Modern "Church time by the general priesthood comtion,"completing the first volume of The latest claim in regard to alcoholism mittee for supplies of roll, report, and The History of the Church by the is that it is a disease; but those who make

minute books. For the information of Prophet Joseph Smith. The manuscript the claim fail to state that it is selfinflicted.

all concerned, we wish to advise that is now in the hands of the printers and Why not check the disease by warning the "Master Roll and Report Book for will be available before the present public that the disease is preventable, and

Quorums of the Melchizedek Prieststudy course terminates. total abstinence is the only real preven-

... tive? and "Report B-3), (form and hood"in the the preface of admonition The

If the to the public could only aroused be for the MelchizeStake Minute Book reflects outline equal with 1947 in drinking that the of epidemic has danger (form Priesthood Committee"dek this of B- strength the importance study threatening decade! during the past been

still to the in addition available are 4) for stated: the priesthood, wherein was risk the the of world must aware make We

roll quarterly report pads and weekly in social glass of the in wine, beer the and forms. We feel that there is a crying need for cocktail habit....

The general priesthood committee the study of our own Church history, and At the first convention of the world's has deemed it advisable to undertake for a better understanding of the revelations W.C.T.U., the pledge of total abstinence

some revision of the present reports to and commandments which have been given was adopted as a condition of membership.

achieve unification of all definitions in this Dispensation for our temporal and We are banded together in fortysix counliving in are We momentries, pledged total abstainers.

restored gospel has been and statistics as shown on the Meleternaltous times.welfare.The

chizedek, the Aaronic, and the adult "for the last time."It will never again be

members of the Aaronic Priesthood retaken from the earth, but shall be here when 'T'he country is awakening to the ports now in use. These revised forms our Lord comes to reign as Lord of lords seriousness of the alcohol problem,

will be available for the beginning of and King of kings. However, the Church and to the need of taking positive ac1948. Meanwhile it will be necessary today, like the Church in the first centuries tion. One evidence of this in Utah was

for quorums and groups needing such of the Christian Era, is constantly in danger. the appointment in June, by Governor

supplies as are at present unavailable As it was in the first century, so now, we Herbert B. Maw, of a fiveman board

to devise temporarily their own means must guard against the introduction of false charged with investigating the causes doctrines, theories into the practices and recording the necessecuring of and alcothe cure of of and implementing for there in this are Church, those day who statistical information. sary holism. approThe 1947 legislature in arose they arise, as the the days of

In placing their original orders, some apostles of old, who would pervert the way priated $50,000 to aid the board in its stakes requested more than the reof the Lord; those of an apostate spirit, who work. Undoubtedly the board will

quired number of roll, report, and minwould lead away many after them. If we work in cooperation with the National

ute books. It would be greatly appreare informed as we should be, then these Committee for Education on Alcoholciated if stakes having any surplus arevil designing persons will have no influence ism. The board is composed of memrange to send such books to the general upon the members of the Church.... bers deeply interested in the problem

priesthood committee. This will be Therefore if we will treasure up the word of alcoholism.

faith, in of the humility Lord, prayer, and assistance in supplyingof valuable publicity has the to given been Wide will deceived, not be but will the have we sufficient stakes organized withnewly fifty that discovery million adults about light for truth of our guidance.

effectivelyrecords to inaugurate and in States indulge the United in the concontinue this phase of the priesthood sumption of alcoholic beverages, threeprogram. million of whom are alcoholics—"compulsive"drinkers—those who have lost

control of their thirst for alcohol and 1948 Priesthood Study personthus drink,out ofdrink,everydrink.sixteen—sixHence perone

drinks becomes an alcoholCourse Announced ic,cent—whoa helpless and many times a very

'T'he current priesthood lessons have disagreeable burden to himself, his fammet with enthusiastic approval. ily, and the country. (See "You and

Gaining an insight into the intimate Alcohol,"this column in the July issue, dealings of the Lord with his servants The Improvement Era.) This fact

in this dispensation has done much to makes a problem of first importance.

inspire faith and the determination to How can it be solved? What will Govserve God more zealously. The great ernor Maw's board do and recomsignificance of this latterday work bemend? Obviously the simplest, best, and

comes more apparent through the study most complete solution of the problem of the divine guidance and inspiration is total abstinence. If this solution obwhich has accompanied it. (Concluded on page 542)

AUGUST 1947 537

VL PRESIDING

WARD YOUTH LEADERSHIP LEADERS IN WARD TEACHING OUTLINE OF STUDY 'T'he following stakes reported a miniarea eighty miles long, and strictly an

SEPTEMBER 1947 mum of seventyfive percent ward agricultural and livestock producing this in important area, the leads Church for teaching the quarter ending March is prepared study course This of Note: Stake, activity. Davis priesthood South 1947: 31, Presiding direction the the under of

is yet largely suburban, contrast, by the during presentation Bishopric for e Sta second. clse Ben are Lomond a ey 11 the youth meeting ward monthly of 86 San Juan!f G city and of Stake with combination bishthe conducted to leadership be by, a,,, South Davis 80%

, place,, third,,. in 040/ follows, country wards j- the in ward. of opric each Members R

"entirely Granite up Stake while made Priesthood committee and 330? ward Aaronic Qranite

is in fourth Latterday - South for wards committee ward of the Place of citY South Los: "Angeles ZZZZZZ'Z 81%

to attend girls expected intricate are Saint city stake with Angeles, a this Ensign 80% Los meeting. Juarez 80% problems, has families scattered

Ogden 79% throughout a densely populated section,

An adolescent seeks, more than most Highland 78% and they are the fifth ranking stake.

anything else, friends among his Star Valley 78% Practically all the complex physical own and the opposite sex. He is a South Box Elder 77% problems that normally retard effective

social being and is greatly concerned Uanu - '/o ward teaching are found in the five approved his accepted and being acabout mentioned, yet they have aTj Jll stakes his girls of and boys the challenge through cepted andby the,, jco? own age. p[vy

For this reason, no one-—unless it be tenacity of purpose, overcome all obsome parents-—influences the life of a An analysis of the five stakes headstacks. Such achievement lends creboy or girl so much as do his assoing the above list is an indication that dence to the thought, that there is really

ciates, or those with whom association geography is not a factor in ward no legitimate excuse for not doing the is desired. teaching. San Juan Stake, covering an best.

Therefore, if we are to win the youth of the Church to fine gospel living, it must be done in groups as well as individually. Group salvation should be

a more conscious aim. Let every youth

feel the strength of his quorum, his team, and his class. Such was our thesis

last month in this column. Let us now

make a few suggestions on how to realize salvation through the group.

Develop Grouppride

A Latterday Saint soldier went through four years of army life—training, idleness, and combat. Faced with

every conceivable temptation, he came home clean, virtuous, and selfrespect- ing. When asked how he did it, he

replied: "I am no saint, but just an ordinary fellow. I was not the strongest person

in my convictions. Being away from

home, I always sought the association of Mormon fellows, like myself. I had

some fine buddies to whom religion its of is justly Stake, Roosevelt committee Utah, of proud Montwel! recent accomplishment The the Ward, with them. one everything. I wasmeant

Priesthood. of of guidance under the adult the After of preparation Aaronic months members many

as a Mormon.I, too, their Salt of received the through was known group nine the went Temple and committee, members I forthe theward Lake

couldn't let them down, so I kept the endowmentsthrough persistentand familieseffort, wereby extendingsealed togetherthe handforof"timefellowship,and allthrougheternity."love,Suchkindness,a harvestand isunderstanding.wrought only

his wife, Fielding presidency, Smith temple President are the and Joseph in photograph Included the I did."thatfaith, and I am glad

B. counselors President Smith; R. Jones, to Charles Bishop Thorpe and Smith; Robert Evans came young This man Bishopric's staff. Bishopric;I. Burton Mitchell, Lorenzo of the Presiding Presiding N. and home and, JessieIsaacson, of the

though he was quite active in Church, fell into a grievous sin. When asked

how it happened, he answered: At home, the veteran was left on his rums, classes, and a Church, so that

"I can't understand how I could have own. He felt no great loyalty to any we may lend strength to one another,

been so strong away from Zion and so group and received little or no moral weak here at home. I believe it was support from a group. Few people Questions:

because I was lonely; I just didn't seem have the strength to stand alone. This 1. Do your boys feel an obligation to and

to fit anywhere."is one good reason why we have quosupport from their respective quorums,

538 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BISHOPRIC'S PAGE (Edited by <=>Lee M. jaumer

MOTION PICTURE STARSCATALINA ISLANDFLYING FISHWHAT A TRIP

Oixtyeight boys who earned Aaronic Ocean Park Pier; priesthood meeting, Dam and Zion National Park.

Priesthood Individual Certificates Sunday School, and sacrament meeting There were no illnesses, no acciof Award for 1946 in the Sevier Stake in the Adams Ward; Exposition Park dents, nothing but a fiveday trip

( Richfield, Utah ) and nineteen leaders for the Los Angeles eighth annual art packed full of thrills all the way.

recently enjoyed one of the most unexhibit; excursion to Catalina Island, The boys were complimented for

usual trips yet to be reported. ride in a glassbottomed boat—and their excellent behavior throughout the

Two chartered busses and two trucks kites were furnished by Bishop Grant entire trip. In one restaurant particularwere used for transportation of the for the return boat trip; a swim in the ly they will long be remembered by

group and their supplies and equipocean; tour of the Hal Roach moving the waitresses, not only for their good

ment. Leaving Richfield they were picture studio where the boys talked behavior but also especially for the

taken to Los Angeles where Bishop Jay with movie stars Claudette Colbert and number of pie alamodes ordered for

Grant of the Adams Ward greeted the Don Ameche who were gracious enough breakfast.

travelers and added considerably to to stand with the boys for the above We commend the leadership in the the joy of their vacation. photograph; "House Party"at Radio Sevier Stake and in the wards for their

Sights and experiences enjoyed by Station KNX; airplane ride over Los generalship in this undertaking so sucthe group included the carnival at Angeles City; and inspection of Hoover cessfully carried out.

like of a something good members team or \\BY THEIR FRUITS ft other? feel towards crew each a bombing

2. Is every girl in your ward happily asSac. Sun. Y.W.

Sch. M.I.A.

Attend. sociated with a group of girls in the LD.S. Girls (Union Stake) Attend.Meet. Attend.

Church? Saint girls Latterday program HPhe

3. in develop pride can more we How May 1, 1946 12% 54% 39%

in the set in motion Union was class, (a) (b) or a or the ward, quorum (c) the community? (Oregon) Stake in May 1946. EnMarch 1, 1947....71% 75% 75%

4. List ways of developing a strong feelthusiastic stake and ward workers

ing of brotherhood among a group of young went to work, and we now take pride Vernice B. Guilliam is chairman of

in their publishing people. accomplishments

in this that all workers Cultivate Brotherhood program may thelowingstakecommentcommitteein reportingand madethisthe outfol- "it that done."can be is not created in a see Brotherhood standing record: are of proud "We

1. at meeting sacrament Attendance It is the of sharing product vacuum. the record the which has Stake Union

in the of all Saint girls Latterday experiences meaningful together—creain the Saint Latterday girls promade

increased from twenty sacrifice, tion, love, givstake achievement, pergram since it was organized in May cent in fiftytwo to May 1946, play, service, and adventure. ing, work, 1946."

Missionaries develop a wonderful feelpercent in February 1947.

ing of brotherhood because of the great 2. LaGrande Second Ward, with We share your pride in this achievenumber and fine quality of their mutual Jehzell Hendrickson as chairman, ment, Sister Guilliam, and commend

experiences. has established the most outstandyou and all your faithful workers for

During the next month observe the ing ward record in the stake as their devotion to, and faith in, this (Concluded on page 542) witness this report: great program.

AUGUST 1947 539 EDDIE HAD A SWEET TOOTH (Concluded from page 519) grind today,"and prayed no more arms, began again those wracking, "This is a piece of your Aunt that endless day. But when at unchildlike sobs.

Angie's wedding dress, this white; last, in the blue dusk, he drove his

firstI taffeta that grownwore to my flock lane, the wearily Mark, down quietly held him VJramma that's velvet ball; the of scrap aup in called, cheerily, whistling on "Go until passed, the murstorm had father hevest was wore when my I'll for kid, coral the house, them intervals, softly, "There, at muring the at mansion."Governor'sguest you."in talking started there!"she Then herself, to Eddie Next Gramma smiling, Katherine looked up that voice, that calm, made low its bright Quilt,loved and The now entered. he what, "Guess when right. things so sound into dreamless him waftedmemories tonight!"dick Eddie? lumpy No

peace. "No lumpy dick?"Eddie's empty "You see, Eddie, the quilt was

Early next morning, Gramma and little stomach almost collapsed at yours, really. You're the one who

I me. loved was going andEddie "talked it out,"as Gramma the news. it—you

I went. to give You it to you whensaid. she grinned broadly, "Nope!"

a quilt I'm going to need not do we do when things go "What into "Cornmeal mush—with sugar on knowlong."deeper Eddie burrowed Eddie?"wrong, it!"

patted shoulder, him her she and promptly. answered, "Pray!"he "Sugar!"For Eddie a moment to absently. "But come you when then?""And stared, then, and "Gramma! Gramtote a of it, think a could boy how faith.""Have called, into dashing her ma!"he life quilt him? with through around believe. That's "Yes. Pray and

it room. did "Gramma, where come to a going 'Specially be who's a boy it. isall to the there Don't hound from?"is! like great Eddie You'd man, my don't pesteredLord. to be want He

any more than your mother does.""Sit here on my lap, Eddie."just have to leave it with someone "It won't do any good for me to Gramma seldom held Eddie now; it'd most likely get wore out—"she

ask the Lord for molasses,"Eddie he was too big, and her knees were cleared her throat and continued, said, slowly, "He was giving us rheumatic; but tonight he climbed "So, you see, you did owe the family

it somolasses, and I—unquestioningly into her lap, as he the sugar—and the Lord fixed

"Air ye sorry?"Gramma dehad used to do. There was someyou could give your quilt to pay

manded. thing about her delicate old face your debt! You know you're really

that made him want to cuddle close. paid when it hurts, don't you, son?""Yes, but—

"Then he'll forgive you. And if "It's quite a story,"Gramma be- "You know what I think?"She

you and I pray hard enough and began, slowly. "You must be happy tilted the woebegone little face up to

lieve, he'll furnish us our necessary about it, Eddie; we asked the Lord hers, "I think you and I will always

sweets!"for it, and he answered our prayers have that quilt; we'll remember

it; and it'll "By the time the other folks get in his own way."It seemed hard for every blessed block in

their molasses?"asked Eddie, anxher to go on, and Eddie's heart benever get old and faded because

it the way we saw itiously. He felt it would break his gan getting up in his throat again. we'll remember

heart if something failed to happen "How, Gramma?"he insisted, last. When I'm up there with Grambefore the neighbors began hauling faintly. pa, you can imagine me with The

their molasses from the mill. "Well,"Gramma said brightly, Quilt around my knees, peeking

"In his own due time,"Gramma "here was this family traveling to outa the window of heaven to see if answered, decisively. "The Lord Californy to hunt a gold mine. you're a good boy!"She laughed smiled wanly, Eddie and

jokes. of their one for this was

don'tdon't forget—-believe!"like to be dictated to. And night.CampedThisrightmorning,outside seemsof townonelastof merrily,

their horses was lame. The man Then she set him gently on his

feet and fumbled under her pillow. LLddie fell into the habit, tried to get another horse—but peoduring those late summer days, of ple hereabouts can't spare their "But sugar wasn't all we got for

gently reminding God about the horses. Then they decided to lighten the quilt,"she stated, proudly,

molasses, as he followed the sheep their load some. Lucky they came "Gramma isn't a Vermonter for

about. "Molasses, sugar, honey here first. Said they'd trade a sack nothing. Oh, I drove a hard bargain.

we don't care what it is, God, just of flour or sugar for something light I made them give me these, too! All

so it's sweet. I don't want to pester,"they could carry."for you!"

he would explain, his blue eyes on She paused. Eddie, big eyes on Incredibly, in her hands were

the blue heavens, "but everybody's her face, whispered fearfully, books—three beautiful, bright newcane's getting ripe. If we could have "What—did Ma trade him, Grambooks, such as Eddie had never

just a little for Gramma and Allie ma?"seen

I wouldn't touch it, honest!""Well, your Ma didn't have an "Oh, Gramma!"From the drownfled earthly bethe first the he But morning saw

rapture, said, "so thingI—"toEddietrade,"jumpedGrammafrom edforeblueradiant,eyes theunbelievingshadows his the mill, to ofload going cane

little heart stood still, and there was her lap, ran to the trunk and threw "Mine for keeps?"

a strange constriction in his throat. it open. "Yours for keeps!"said Gramma

He looked up and said, with desper- "Oh, Gramma, The Quilt!"he softly and knew that she had given

ate finality, "They're beginning to cried, and casting himself into her him the keys to the world.

540 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Ljeneaion Danish Record Films Arrive in Utah By Archibald F. Bennett

npHE project of gathering the records of the pioneers has received a tremendous impetus with the arrival at the Genealogical Society of three shipments of record films from Denmark.

These films, especially made for the society in Copenhagen, contain approximately one million pages of church and census records on 496 rolls of safety microfilm. Each roll is 50

meters in length, and the total shipment comprises 81,364 feet—nearly 15

miles of film!

A total of 1848 volumes have been photographed—1403 volumes of parish

registers and 445 volumes of census records.

The 307 rolls of copies of parish registers contain the records of i IMMEDIATE churches in the city of Copenhagen and in Bornholms, Copenhagen, eriksberg, Halbaek, Maribo, Praesto, FredDELIVERY ON THIS and Soro Amts.

The parish registers have been filmed in alphabetical sequence and this shipment includes the parishes from LESTER

AagerupKirkerup to Frederiksberg which are preserved in the Archives at

Copenhagen.

In the parish registers are entries of baptisms, confirmations, marriages, betrothals, burials, and even some accesImagine! this exquisite Betsy Ross Spinet delivered to

sions, expunctions, and vaccinations. your home for only $61.30 Down!... The Balance In

Similar records from the other archives in Denmark will follow later. easy monthly payments. Now you too may

The 189 rolls of census records inenjoy the rich full tones, the easy control clude the Census of 1787 for Copenand the roomfilling volume of this, thehagen, and Cities and Amts in that disname trict (61 volumes); the Census for ONE aua/c&/ world's best dollarfor-dollar piano

1801 for the same (77 volumes); 6 /wice - value! See the Betsy Ross today...

volumes of the of Census 1803 for enjoy it in your home tomorrow I

Holsten; the ofSlesvig and Census

1834 the volumes); (57 Census of IF YOU CANT COME IN, Slesvig 1835 for and Holsten (21

thevolumes of Census 1 840 ( 78 volMAIL THIS COUPON for thatumes); and); 18451846 r*'tine test* (100

volumes); and finally'the Census for pat01.etvt r** 1 X)o1850 (45 volumes). -

consulting parish registers both By. &et a** jf>*

records census researchersand should \ please find it possible to trace 90 percent of \ p\atv. 1 families residentthe in the Copenhagen l*

area during the years covered by these *<***! L':.records described above. \

4 Kddtess, *'Society will print The Genealogical one positive copy of each of these 496 rolls of negatives. This will require another 1532 miles of positive

film. jbayne* jflubic Co. Then will remain the immense task

of accessioning and cataloging all these r 4547 SO. mum ST., SRLT LPHE CITY

{Concluded on page 544) AUGUST 1947 541 EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS (Concluded from page 533) greatest joy and comfort to do what not well be understood unless it is and it is in my heart, and here is my the Lord requires of me, and what comprehended that these two printreasure."(Journal of Discourses, I know to be my duty, no matter ciples gave power to every motive

His life was laborious, especially me. This course gives joy and peace. he did, temporally and spiritually,

after the burden of leadership fell When this principle becomes the was hammered out on the anvil of upon him. Change, travel, service to acting principle of all the Saints, we obeyed truth.

others crowded his life. But, it was shall find that Zion is here; we shall Not all are called to high positions

done cheerfully in the cause of truth. be in the midst of it; we shall enjoy of leadership, but everyone can atHe must obey the truth that he had it."{Ibid., vol 3, p. 191.) tain honorable distinction in his callfound. These two governing principles of ing, whatever it may be, if his life is

"As I have frequently thought and his life—loving truth, as God's gift, governed by these two principles.

said, when duty requires I am hapabove all else; and obeying truth at That is the important lesson from

py in going from home, and I am any cost—explain the success that the notable life of Brigham Young. happy in returning, for it is my attended Brigham Young. He can-—/. A. W.

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN (Concluded fcom page 537) allergic to milk. In any case the will to we have heard of is that provided by

tained among all nonalcoholics, the get well is a very influential factor in the movement known as Alcoholics time would come when the problem of the recovery of persons suffering from Anonymous, a name given to a group alcoholism would be nonexistent. But illness, especially from the illness of of persons who had become slaves to

none of us in mortality will live to see alcoholism. In this case it is well to drink. To become eligible to join such

that beautiful day. Then what shall remember that "an ounce of prevention a group (there are no initiation or

readers of this column and all others is worth a pound of cure."So we reother fees), a person must sincerely

do? peat what has before been said in this desire to become free but realizes that

If we love our fellow men, and are column: No one ever needs to become to do so he must have the help of a

interested in their welfare and happiafflicted with alcoholism. Total abstihigher power than his own. If he

ness, can we reasonably do anything nence is a safe, sure, inexpensive, and (or she) is really possessed of these less than become teetotalers ourselves simple cure. He who abstains from two factors, he will be warmly weland try to get all others to do likewise? taking the first drink will never get the comed as a member, be he rich or poor,

When it comes to conduct, is not exdisease. And every normal person has capitalist or laborer, but to be benefited

ample the best of all ways to teach? the will power, if he uses it to the full, by his membership he must be sincere

Abstain ourselves that others may be to resist taking the first drink. But and cooperative.

encouraged to do likewise. Teach and since statistics show that about one Since the beginning of this movement

train youth by every feasible means to person out of every sixteen who begins in New York, about twelve years ago, know and feel that alcoholic beverages to drink becomes a confirmed drunkard approximately 40,000 persons have the terrible disease of albeen rescued from the gutter and haveare not good for man—they are dan-—acquiresgerous to physical, mental, and spiritual coholism—is not the danger of the first become selfrespecting and happyhealth and are potential handicaps to drink great enough to deter any sane again—eightyfive percent of those acthe joy of living, and should be and normal person, young, middleaged cepted as members. In recent years the

avoided. or old, from indulging? movement has grown rapidly and is

In view of the discovery that alcoLet every youth be urged to fear the now operating in all parts of the counholism is a disease and that total abfirst glass as he would a dose of strychtry. But members themselves give no

stinence is the only cure, to all rightnine. Abstinence will cost him nothing publicity to it. The names of particithinking humanitarians the call comes but may save him home, friends, selfpants is a secret. The work is done in

is ever emnow more loudly than ever before for respect, and honor. To abstain may at private. No newcomer

them to join in a movement to eliminate times require selfdisciplining, courage, barrassed by reason of his membership drinking from the land. How can this will power, and prayer, but these will becoming known outside of the small

be done, do you ask? One way, and cost no money and are excellent chargroup with which he (or she) coprobably the best, is by education. acterforming factors. No loss of the operates. Anyone interested in becoming cured of alcoholism by membershipThink the matter through, and find if respect of respectable people—those

get information by writing to P.O.you can discover a more feasible soluwhose good will is worth having—will may

tion. Compulsion violates the principle ever result from abstaining. Box 1862, Salt Lake City, or to any

his home.of free agency. Will not persuasion, Parents, teachers, friends—will you other group nearer

guided by tact and genuine love of not do everything feasible by words, humanity, be the most successful methactions, and example to save youth and od? others from the temptation to drink?

A cure for alcoholism that is effecAmong other things this means you will Presiding Bishop's Page tive for every case has not yet been use your influence and your vote to (Concluded from page 539) found. This is probably due to the keep alcoholic beverages as far away youth under your care with this one

wellknown fact that "what is one from the youth and home as you can. question in mind: How much strength

man's meat is another man's poison."It No one ever falls over the precipice is he giving to and receiving from the

is said that milk is the most nearly perwho never goes near it. groups to which he belongs in the

fect for all normal people, For one who is an alcoholic, the Church? We shall make further sugfood—good

young or old. Yet some persons are simplest and least expensive cure that gestions along this line next month.

542 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA In 2047AD.

What Will yourThatchildren.will dependYou mustuponpioneer,you, youngyou peoplehave frontiersof today,to andconquer,upon

you face difficulties as knotty as those of 1847.

Utah Be To solve these problems you need the highest wisdom of all times. You need the latest science. You need accurate facts,

vision, strength of mind and spirit. Then you will be strong for? any battle.

Utah's LandGrant College provides excellent general education to help young men and women understand the universe they live in and the role they play in it. Also the College gives specialized

knowledge leading to success in hundreds of vocations. Bachelor

of Science, Master of Science, and Doctor of Philosophy Degrees are offered. Schools: Agriculture... Arts and Sciences... Commerce... Education... Engineering and Technology... Forest,

Range, and Wildlife Management... Home Economics.

"Liberal and in the several practical educapursuits and tion... professions...??

Utah State Agricultural College

LOGAN, UTAH

AUGUST 1947 543

Happiness can never be assured by Never begrudge the time your husthe possession of worldly wealth. You band gives in Church service. Nothing

should not expect your young husband has such lasting value, and you should to provide the comforts and luxuries stand ready to assist and encourage you have known in your parents'home. him to do his full duty whatever his

Be content to begin at the bottom of calling may be in the work of the Lord.

the economic ladder, if that is necesLet your new home be a haven of sary, that you may know justifiable rest from the conflicts without: a place

pride of accumulation through your of love, peace, and unselfish devotion, own efforts. Accept the challenge to where the spirit of our Heavenly Famake a little go a long way. It takes ther will be found to inspire all who

real ingenuity, and you will find a thrill enter its portals.

in your accomplishments. Sincerely yours,

(Djuvl $hcw&L: Make your surroundings homelike,

no matter how humble they may be.

There is an atmosphere of order and to a tent, a can bring beauty that you married! now you are s.)o trailerhouse, or a mansion. a cabin, possibilities for joy thisWhat infinite

in dress, cheery yourself dainty life there Make presents yet to you.new And

gentle beauGenealogy in manner, and and loving, fairy's carpet,is no magic wand no that can assure you happiness even tiful in soul, as every true woman ought (Concluded from page 541 now. Marriage is a sacred order orto be. new records that the public may have

dained of God. Yours may be the perThere will be many problems and benefit from them.

fect union which brings joy and hapdifferences of opinion. But to become The negatives will be filed away

piness in this life and exaltation in the strong the soul must needs overcome securely, and the positives only will be celestial kingdom, if you keep the difficulties. "It cannot gain muscle on available for library service.

sacred covenant of obedience to all the a bed of eiderdown."Approach your This microfilming project in Denlaws and obligations assumed in this difficulties calmly and without anger. mark is continuing unabated. It is estisacred partnership. Never be too proud to admit that you mated that it will eventually bring to

Paramount among the virtues which have been in error. Never go to sleep the library twelve million pages of recyou should bring to this new experiat night until you have reconciled your ords, twelve times as many as we reence are unselfish devotion and thoughtdifferences and asked forgiveness. cently received.

ful consideration. Not "What can I Some of the sweetest experiences of Similar projects are shortly to be

get?"but "What can I give?"should be married life are those which come in undertaken in other European counyour watchword. moments of reconciliation. tries.

LEARN CHURCH HISTORY

WITH PICTURES!

Never before such an interesting array of colored pictures of events and characters significant in Church History!

The set includes 96 colored 8"x 10"pictures, including the presidents of the Church, famous missionaries and pioneers, the Mormon

Battalion, dramatic scenes, places and events of Church History, temples, monuments to L. D. S. achievement.

These pictures are excellent for teaching in Sunday Schools, Primaries, M.I.A., Relief Societies, Priesthood classes; for personalized picture collecting hobbies, for writing your personalized history of the

Church, for fireside attractions and for house games and entertainments.

Watch these pictures become famous and popular throughout the Church.

DD PlusTax 2%in UtahSales JhsL SsL *3

DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City 10, Utah

544 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tfakte iMud Jube painted upfifcrffy/ Proud, eh?—relaxed, expansive, fully satisfied!

Yes, those Fuller "Go'together"Wall Colors FREE "knowhow"FOLDERS did the job. Just what she wanted; just the

Think you can't paint? Well, get a

wayRight—onyou hopedwalls.it Right—onwould turnwoodwork.out. Fullerreal results."howto"Not folder.hard! TwentyRight rules for

Right—on color scheme. Sweet! And folders: on walls, woodwork, ceilings,

inexpensive. Easy to apply. Fast to dry. floors, furniture, etc. Fuller Paint

Easy, fast and sure results. Dealers have them. They're FREE.

That's Fuller! W. P. Fuller 6? Co. Get one, or get all. Get started!

'qofbgeffrer "wail colors

big painting

it is * FULLCOAT—Soft, washable, nonreflective finish Forjobs

* FULLERGLO—Eggshell, semigloss,- resists steam, stain call a reputablewise to

they (g$ Contractor.Painting

AUGUST 1947 545 PROPHECY {Concluded from page 527) any useful purpose; that they are not for Passport as they chart business conditions the service but for the destruction of men;

and trends before and since. Still, in that if they shall be used in war, they will

the April conference of that year, be just that much human labor burned up beneficial to without return It will... man.

said: Heber Grant J. waste. a tragic be wicked and

also assert that these These tremenmen let here Right the Latterday warn meI'r To.,.; President purchases of dous stocks adhave war Saints to automobiles to and buy buy the

ordinary necessities of life when they have vanced prices of the materials concerned;

the money to buy them, and not to mortgage... there will be in the immediate future

their future. I have heard of people over a period of prosperity... in which the

in England who regularly mortgage their costs of living will go up, and we shall pay fuel, for clothing, food, shelter and clothes morning and take more Monday Measure Sunday will less dollar of the and... a buy less them out the of "hock"next Saturday

night. I want to say to you that those who necessities of life....

discount their future, who run in debt for These same authorities declare that if war the ordinary necessities of life and for the shall come, its ending will leave the world luxuries of life, are laying burdens upon in a state of exhaustion heretofore unknown themselves that will come back with comto modern times; that the depression from

pound interest to cause them great trouble which we are now emerging will be but a and humiliation."shadow of the real hard times which will

then come....

The depression, which began in Notwithstanding the fact that our former 1929, would seem to indicate the associates in the World War [I] owe us the wisdom of that advice—but twenty moneyover tenwhichbillionswe oflentdollars,them amounting... there tois

years after that counsel was given, strongest reason for believing that some of with private and public debt at near the most skilled, astute, and shrewd diptheir alltime high, one wonders if it lomats, politicians, and statesmen of all Euwouldn't be well to heed it again. rope are now planning to have the people

of the United States finance the next EuIt is also recalled how President ropean war either before the war begins

Grant, in the early thirties, plead or during its progress... and... are planwith the Saints and the people of ning to entice the United States into an

Utah to keep and to strengthen the offensive and defensive military alliance in prohibition laws. order that we shall participate in that next

world war by sending our young men to

Jr., the battlefields of Europe."When you sign the registration President J. Reuben Clark,

card at the front desk of the Hotel foretold much that has since tranUtah we do our very best to make spired as he addressed the general Yes, the Saints had inspired leadit a "passport for pleasure"for you conference in April 1937: ership while the Church was being

and your family. European industrialists make these statecradled in the eastern states; in

World travelers have told us that ments: That European countries are now coming to the valleys of the mounthe Utah is one of the "world's truly spending eleven billions of dollars a year tains; and now, as the second century

great hotels"and you can be on military armament; that Great Britain of worldwide leadership from the

alone billion is spending dollars; that two is to this that proof begun, there is amplemighty sure up West we live nations European piling are enormous up of soreputation are which insight leadof the of the prophetic we

... quantities of in raw materials used war.

proud. On this statement it is clear that these ership of the Church of Jesus Christ

Whenever you visit Salt Lake gathered materials are not now used for of Latterday Saints.

invitedCity are cordially you to Ibid.. April 1926, p. 4 Ibid., April 1937, pp. 2325 the Utah your home, and remake

ceive the privileges and benefits of your "passport to pleasure."PIONEER HERITAGE

(Continued [com page 520) painting, a fine statue, a magnificent for well they knew of the reward edifice, or an expressive drama.

for truth. They cried for tolerance They loved these things, and they

when it was denied them, but they employed them. Because of them

gave to it liberally when they were they were able to construct a strong, called upon to do so. They firmly wide, inspiring foundation of culupheld the ideals of human rights ture for their children and for all

for freedom of speech, freedom of those who would come after them.

worship, and freedom of action. The Mormon pioneers were a

They had within them all the finest generous people. Whatever they

elements of art, science, and culture. had, they did not keep only for

They loved beauty and preserved it, themselves, instead they gave of it and it developed, comforted, and freely and held open their hands to gladdened them, and it released the all the world. They were not afraid

feelings within them when mere of danger. To them danger was a

words no longer sufficed. They challenge and another obstacle of

loved art whether it was a beautiful (Concluded on page 548) 546 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

NOW! CUT COSTS! BUILD PERMANENTLY!...WITH

KAISER ALUMINUM ROOFING!

Read how this light, strong, weatherproof metalsuperior to

other roofingcan actually cut costs, increase efficiency!

lo tell you how superior Kaiser Aluneered by Permanente Metals'huge aluthe heat in summer, holds it in winter.

minum Roofing is to other materials, we minum processing plants at Spokane, Properly applied, Kaiser Aluminum must first tell you what it is not... Washington. Roofing stands up for a lifetime against

It is NOT a substitute for any other strucKaiser Aluminum Roofing gives you wind, rain, sleet, or snow.

tural material. It is NOT a clad or vegreater longterm value—because it reCombine this with Kaiser Aluminum's

neered material. quires absolutely no maintenance. It can't strength, its fine appearance, the ease

Instead, k is quality aluminum roofing warp, rot, shrink or rust. It resists corrowith which it can be handled, and it all

through and through... especially engision. It need never be painted. It repels adds up to your best roofing buy!

HINTS ON HANDLING

ALUMINUM When fastening aluminum roofing and siding to wood, use aluminum nails with washers nails with suitable (galvanized—zincwashers may neoprenecoated—also be used).

If aluminum must come in contact with concrete, other metals—or

surfaces should green be or paint insulated lumber—thewith bituminouswith masonry, or some

other suitable material.

Aluminum should be stored in a dry place and the sheets stood on end.

is 1. Kaiser Roofing for substitute a Aluminum Roofing not reflects 2. Kaiser raas Aluminum as high of 95% application of any For on fhe

is successor. their diant Troughs, heat winter, but building. the from away or materials, other In metal warmth Roofing, see your local Kaiser fullAluminuminformation

are just bill. is retained, housing, cutting culverts, pens, thus irrigation the heating sheds and (Cows pump or write: roofing dealer,

chickens, kept cool in summer under aluminum roof- a few of the structures which can be better made with fact ing, are they'll also add Roofing. more Kaiser proved by the UniAnd Aluminum productive—a Products Company Permanente

Agricultural versity California Division.) farm. greatly to of your of the appearance

California Division Roofing Oakland 12,

Build now with light, strong, longlasting

a Permanente Metals productKaiser Aluminum Roofing

AUGUST 1947 547 Pioneer Heritage (Concluded from page 546) this world to overcome. They were

not discouraged because of setbacks and failures nor did they call for help from strangers. They squared

their shoulders, called upon the Creator for guidance, and went about accomplishing whatever task they were called upon to do. They were

a clean people who placed cleanliness of body and mind above all else, for the spirit must reside in a clean tabernacle. They were an industrious people. Idleness and laziness were foreign to them, for they

believed that in God's world there was much to be done, and no man could claim to have completed his share. Above all, the Mormon pio

a people who sought untiringly for Setting the Pace of Progress afterneers truth,were searched knowledge, lauded and extolled the In every age it is the scholars who step to the fore and mold the pattern of progress. With the utmost concern, the University of Utah, wonders of intelligence wherever

for 97 years, has assumed the trust of training students for roles of and whenever it was found. They

leadership. did not hold to themselves and make

This oldest university west of the Missouri is proud of its prominent great claims for their discoveries.

It is of its in too, the state's part contribution proud, development.

state education. They did not seek only among in in the nation toward the highest ranking Utah making

themselves for truth. They did not

in Continually developing, the school study more departnow offers before. It is staffed to give hide themselves away from the eyes better better than ever ments equipped and

every educational opportunity. of the world but ventured forth

This autumn quarter, the University of Utah will enroll over 9,000 again. Penniless and harassed they

students from every section of the state... taxing to the limit its went out to all the world to give

facilities. Make your application for entrance early. generously of that which was most

The Autumn Quarter dearing devotion,to them. byBythatthatsamesamegenerosunfail-

Tests for all new students, September 22 ity and love, by that same humbleRegistration of freshmen, September 25 ness and diligence to duty, they won

Registration of all others, September 26, 27 for themselves the respect and adInstruction begins September 29 miration of the world. By these

For information write to: things, too, did they win the blessOffice of the President ings of the Lord.

'here is the record in which shall W be preserved the inspired accomplishments of the pioneers? It UNIVERSITY OF UTAH is in the mountains and valleys of

Salt Lake City the Rocky Mountains; it is in the

homes of a million people and upon the lips of an amazed and gratified

America; and it is in the hearts of

thankful people all over the world.

The miracle of their labors are reYou Can't ALWAYS Plan corded in song and story, but, above all, in the earth. Let each of us,

The FUTURE By the Past! then, who enjoys the fruits of their

endeavors gathered from this soil

Just because you haven't had a fire is no reason why you won't. held sacred by them, measure within

future Don't the past. the judge by the ourselves value of the magnaniis Fire constant day. a visit you any and menace may

inherited the from mous gift Morloss. property Insure against your today be protected and

Better get your policy while you can. mon pioneers and pledge to their

memory our everlasting effort to upUTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. holdwealthandwhichexpandtheythis founded.great commonThe

Heber J. Grant & Co., GENERAL AGENTS, Salt Lake City, Utah sum of their gift will be written only

in heaven. 548 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Grandpa tried everything once

. -. but he stopped changing his

mind when he changed to "RPM"

Anything new caught Grandpa's fancy No hidden rust causes 80% of engine wear—and

wonder this Kelsey Motorette was the apple of ordinary oil can't stop this carkiller. That's

his eye—until rust inside its two cylinders sent why modern cars last longer on RPM Motor Oil;

it to the scrap heap. Grandpa didn't know that it's compounded to rustproof engines.

Grandpa had a crush on the Octoauto next. trouble, it may be for the same reason. So switch

But even eight wheels couldn't keep it off the to "RPM"—its detergent compound keeps

road to ruin when oldfashioned oil clogged its engines clean, captures carbon particles and pistons with carbon. If your car has carbon carries them out when oil is changed.

Then his grandchildren tipped Grandpa off to "RPM"... and he's never sampled another oil since. He

found that premiumquality RPM Motor Oil is engineered for modern motors, ends engine troubles that keep cars in the shop. Its added compounds stop carbon

and sludge, guard hot spots ordinary oils leave bare, prevent rust, corrosion, and foaming. "RPM"gives

motors the finest protection money can buy.

'RPM"keeps cars young CHEVRON STOP AT THESE SIGNS GAS STATION 3 FOR STANDARD OF CALIFORNIA PRODUCTS

AUGUST 1947 549 The Rewards of Church Service

testimony in a frank the world, best How to (Continued from page 525) the Latterday in which of the way w Saint missionary program breaks go places riersdownofthesuspicion,nationalprejudice,and socialand barmis- understanding.

The missionary returns home with poise and selfconfidence and see things a new which are obvious in his social relations and speech. He has had some

inspiring and fervent religious exwith periencesstrengthen hiswhichtestimonyconfirmof the gosand pel. Frequently he has learned a new

language and has acquired some the greatest perspective insight regarding the hisLook for the familiar "Vicotorical, cultural, and religious backthe country where he ground of Pep 88"or "Utoco"signs gained experience labored. has He of ease.... whenever you travel in this in directing and guiding the labors of

others. This leadership experience

has enabled him to have a greater area 'Tllte ere you and broader sympathy and underget petroleum products and standing of people and a deeper inaccessories of highest qualsight into the basic universals of human nature. He has become more ity—and service which will tolerant and less likely to be swayed

by race and group prejudices and please you. nX propaganda. His stamina, selfreli-

Stations and dealers are conance, resourcefulness, and maturity of judgment have greatly increased. veniently located—and the Very often his intellectual curiosity

and passion for knowledge have folks operating them are been so stimulated that he is ardent anxious to be of in the determination to secure a higher education, even above the service. college level. It is most interesting

to observe the large number of professional men in the Church who Get highest quality products at have filled a mission prior to the completion of their scholastic training. PEP 88VICO STATIONS AND DEALERS

\TUrORLD peace would speedily ocif the different peoples of the 7LATLASy cur

Pep 88 Ethyl Pep 88 Regular Vico, Quaker State, Atlas world knew and loved each other as

Gasoline Gasoline Permalube Motor Oils Products do these missionaries and the people of the countries where they served.

This love for others which grows out of labors in the wards and missions is not a mere superficial sentiYour cleaning mentaltic longingattachmentto be a butreala friendreal altruiswhen a crisis or an occasion of need might arise. The Book of Mormon prophet, King Benjamin, expressed this PARtner! ideal most aptly when he said:

And behold, I tell you these things that

The Quality Soap for yethatmaywhenlearnye wisdom;are in thethatserviceye mayof learnyour

PARticular Housewives yourfellowGod.beings( Mosiahye are2:17.)only in the service of

(Concluded on page 552) 550 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA deed itdettefr

(ideas noted on farm of Carroll R. Kelly, at Oceanside, California)

One man truck body changeropes from pipes running parover. Kelly drives truck with allel with truck are fastened to

livestock body into 4-post inpipes extending out from sides stallation body. so of shown Turning crank here...

lifts pipes with crankhandle ends off truck. body Reverse handles neighbor's farm

Safeway's of (top posts) parallel sides of process lowers body onto truck. Farm Reporter keeps truck. inpipes other are required. tab No lifting Two on how f?!"""* make serted through body by means work easj"asfe er, rcut operatincrating holes of rear. at front and costs, Wire improve Ccron aity. Safeway r J

minings because we Safeway people know that exchangmg good ideas hel PDS everybody fnrf,rln us.! udlng,c TRUCK Aftertter DRIVEN all,oil a third of our OUTFROM UNDER customers are farm folks BODY

PIPES INSERTED HAMEuU- THROUGH TRUCK BODY Wire loop gate closer. Barbed wire

gates that fasten top and bottom

LOOPS KEEP CRANKS with wire loops can be hard to

FROM UNWINDING handle, lb get top of gate closed without struggle after bottom is in place Kelly uses a hame from discarded harness. Hame is fastened to

post at one end by short length of old chain. Passed around upright on

gate and pulled toward post, hame makes it easy to slip on top wire loop. WW

-J 0>- $>t<? *v

J&o&tedJ jm egad wm&m 1HE OLDFASHIONED SYSTEM OI >&, marketing eggs was pretty com- h plicated, beset with delays and multiple handling. It cost consumers

Built by H. L. Buell, of Bassett, Nebraska, plenty, hurt egg quality, and kept

this hay plus a tractor equipped with down money returns to producers. sled—winch and cable—moves an 8-ton hay stack Then along came Safeway... with

in short order. After tractor pulls sled ( a flat, fresh ideas about fresh eggs.

lowbed truck) up to stack, tractor is backed Safeway set up the Brentwood Egg Company, a around to side of sled, across from stack. division of Safeway Stores which buys all the eggs

Cable unwound from winch built on rear that Safeway sells. Under this plan Safeway does

is of tractor takeoff across pulled power the complete marketing farm- (from job—buying

sled, chain to heavy attached is passed which ers or their coops), grading, shipping, packing, around stack, then chain is hooked back on distributing, retailing. Safeway store customers get

cable. Sled bed tilts to ground on side next better eggs, at a saving. Egg producers get ( 1 ) the

to stack. Cable is then wound onto winch by going price or higher; (2) cooperation in improvtractor power... pulling hay onto sled. ing egg quality; (3) a bigger, steadier market

demand. It's a real step ahead in the egg business.

Safeway buys direct sells direct, to cut "inbetween"costs

Safeway buys regularly, offering producers a steady market; when purchasing from farmers Safeway accepts no brokerage, directly or indirectly.

Safeway pays going prices or better, never offers a price lower than producer quotes. Safeway stands ready to help move surpluses

Safeway sells at lower prices, made possible by direct, less costly distribution... so consumers can afford to increase their consumption

SAFEVvAY—the neighborhood grocery stores

AUGUST 1947 551

THE REWARDS OF CHURCH SERVICE

(Concluded from page 550) Thus love, harmony, and friendThe early history of the Saints in ship are some of the lasting benefits

Missouri, Illinois, and in the deserts of the Latterday Saint way of life.

and valleys of the Great Basin of the Rocky Mountains is full of vivid TThe educational rewards are not examples of the realization of King the least by any means of the

Benjamin's ideal. returns which come to the workers

Another aspect of the enriched in ecclesiastical activities. An enusocial experience which comes to acmeration of some of the intellectual

tive Church workers is its influence and educational ideals of the Church upon the development of spiritual will reflect how important is this and moral attitudes. The occasion phase of life. Earthly existence is

wherein the Holy Spirit gives a regarded as a great educational exLatter-day Saint a dynamic faith perience which prepares people to and testimony is most likely to come live abundant meaningful lives when he is worshiping or working throughout eternity. Salvation is

with his fellow men in a Church conceived to be an eternal process capacity. He finds the presence of of acquiring intellectual, moral, and

God among his fellow men more spiritual growth. Truth should be

often than he does in some lonely sought after wherever it may be spot of nature. The love and joy found. "The glory of God is intelliwhich he experiences while working gence"and "Man cannot be saved

with others develop a spiritual sensiin ignorance."Freedom of belief

tivity which makes him more reand intellectual inquiry have been ceptive to the Holy Spirit. Jesus'taught by our great leaders. The

statement that an active living of the Prophet Joseph Smith said:

principles of the gospel with its great social obligations and service is a I want the liberty of thinking and believ-

I It please. feels as so to not good be testimony ing obtaining of a sure means

It trammelled. does that not prove a man applies: Spirit surely the of Holy is not errs a in because good he man doctrine. (Documentary History of the Church,

If any man will do his will, he shall vol. 5, p. 340.)

know of the doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether I speak of myself. (John 7:17.) Brigham Young expressed a similar view when he said

Moral attitudes and convictions... our religion will not clash with or

are developed and strengthened contradict the facts of science in any parthrough Church activity. Sinful beticular. (Op. cit, Widtsoe, p. 258.)

havior is frequently the result of soThe building of schools and the cial and psychological maladjustment. Furthermore, the adage that encouragement of its youth to seek

"morals are caught rather than higher education have been noteworthy features of the Church. taught,"means that moral influences

are more likely to radiate and to be Since the Church is operated by effective in an intimate social situa- a system of layleadership, it must tion. In the activities of the Church and does exert every influence in

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, order to provide experiences and many people of outstanding characguidance which will train its memter and virtue are brought together bers to become able leaders.

and provide a most healthy and The foregoing statements have set vigorous moral influence upon the forth briefly and inadequately some, weaker brethren who are drawn into and by no means all, of the fruits love coke and ice cream for summer intimate association with them. which have enriched the lives of

dessert. And Fisher's Cake Fiour There is a rigorous insistence upon those who participate in the great

helps you bake cakes as white and moral integrity as a prerequisite for lay leadership program of the light as the highest summer cloud. Church leadership. At the same Church. But the best perspective of

time, there is a great compassion and it is to be secured by meeting and for Fisher'i Look;r a deep concern for the moral retalking with those who have spent fiour Coke

the thrifty twohabilitation of the weak who are intheir lives in its service. Their sinpound package. clined to err. Such are frequently cere, happy, and optimistic personalinduced to take part in Church activities, solid convictions, and integrity

ities and are assigned to work with of character need no eulogies to recthose of stalwart spiritual and moral ommend the way of life they have strength. trod in the service of their Church.

552 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA m Ik CHAPMAN STILLAIR FREEZING

Prevents Food Shrinkage Maintains Flavor Freshness

HOME FREEZERS, with the "StillAir"method of freezing overcome the one obstacle that has plagued the Freezer industry since its inception. Moving air evaporates moisture from frozen foods,

thus causing dehydration... freezer burn (drying out). Experience proves you get 12 months COMPLETE flavor freshness

from a CHAPMAN.

15 CUBIC FEET CAPACITY

5 INCHES SUPER INSULATION

EVERY SHELF

A QUICK FREEZER

UPRIGHT REACHIN

CONSTRUCTION

UNIFORM TEMPERATURE

THROUGHOUT

Write for Descriptive Folder CHAPMAN REFRIGERATOR SALES, Corvallis, Oregon

} * PIONEER HOME FREEZER AUGUST 1947 553 Preserving America's Forests Business Training (Continued from page 517) means burned trees that fell across the thoroughfares. Many a wilderness

family has been forced to run for Better Opportunities its very life when the greedy, red

Both private industry and civil service offer inviting fields to tongues of fire licked their way highschool and college graduates who are thoroughly trained across the countryside. A burning

in office work. match tossed from a passing autoVETERANS: This school is fully authorized to give "G.I."mobile or an abandoned campfire

training. can cause more damage in half an

RETURNED MISSIONARIES: Special tuition rates are offered. hour than a century of growth can

repair. Trees grow slowly but burn

The Fall Term Begins Tuesday, September 2. Ask for infiercely, especially the evergreens

formation about day and evening classes, tuition rates, embecause of the combustible pitch ployment service, etc.

they contain. If one could witness

a timber blaze at close range, or see its ruinous effects, he would be far more careful when in the woods. L D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

70 North Main Salt Lake City 1, Utah Tel. 3-2765 When a bad fire spreads over the

mountains, large groups of sweating men work night and day in furnace-like heat to throttle the monster. Using axes, shovels, and in

some cases water pumped from streams and lakes, they toil feverishly to get the spreading holocaust under control. Sometimes fires cover so much territory that the job

seems almost hopeless; they may go

uncontrolled for days. Camps are

set up and fulltime cooks employed.

Great pans of hearty dishes such as baked beans and roasted meat are prepared for the hungry, exhausted men. If the flames grow menacing,

the camp may have to be moved to a safer location. A fire may choke off

every road and avenue of escape, trapping the workers themselves.

his heroic work. 6 O.D.PIPE Manydoing a fire fighter has lost his life

Over Va million feet plain or grooved ends. irpHE most dangerous type of fire

Large stock of 2", 3", 3 'A"and 4". takes only the tops of the trees.

This is known as a crown fire. The

Pipe Tubes Valves Fittings flames are difficult to reach because their height. of one from jump They

Size '/"to 40", lightweight, Standard, treetop to another. then and Now

X Heavy and XX Heavy Irrigation Pipe. a spark may drop into some leaves

or grass, and thus the fire burns

Steel Plates, Bars and Rounds, Welding Supunder foot as well as high in the plies, Construction and Mining Equipment and branches. It becomes a raging inSupplies. HiSpeed Drills, Electric Motors and ferno. Animals caught are devoured,

Accessories. Many Other Items. either in their dens or while endeavoring to flee. Young birds, if

unable to fly, are burned to death in their nests.

preservation of America's The should LRUiREtfCE J8 forests be the concern

PIPE COMPANY everyone. Here are some precauof

tions to observe when one is in the 5030 Long Beach Ave. Kimball 1234 Los Angeles 11, Calif. timber country:

554 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Preserving America's Forests Noxious Weed Demonstration

Nev.er toss a burning object of A single demonstration on your part will convince you that the surer

any kind on the ground. Throw it and better herbicides come in larger packages.

into water, or, if no water is available, bury it in the earth. Do not

leave a campfire, either just for thenight or permanently, without makCARBON BISULPHIDE ing sure it is out. Drench the embers with water while stirring them is beyond the shadow of a doubt the greatest

with a stick. Heap moist dirt on

them as an added precaution. Avoid and most efficient chemical ever introduced for

building a fire in an open space, the control and eradication of the toughest deepnear dead leaves or twigs, or in

Morningwindy weather. If you must have a rooted noxious perennial weeds—Wild

fire, build it up against a ledge of Glory, Russian Knapweed, Johnson Grass, White rock or a cliff. Keep it small. If you Top, etc. All these pernicious weeds are killed

discover an untended fire, try to put it out. Failing in this, notify the at the roots, usually by a single application.

nearest government official. Forest

service telephones are for this purSend for our free illustrated Circular 212P and pose and readily available in timber areas. Certainly the preserving of learn to treat weeds with a vengeance.

the forest is everyone's responsibility. WHEELER, REYNOLDS & STAUFFER

Division of Stauffer Chemical Company

Hole in the Rock 636 CALIFORNIA STREET * SAN FRANCISCO 8 (Continued from page 515) Distributors—WASATCH CHEMICAL CO., Salt Lake City and Branches

if he'd come to help us and couldn t understand my stupidity in not doing as he did. All at once I knew. He

was leading me down the ledge, turning and twisting along a faint but natural decline. I quit trying to

lasso the creature and began to mark the trail. I dropped my hat, my cartridge belt, my red handkerchief. I XV&Wct

kicked deeper tracks in the thin snow along the trail. I was so excited I

could hardly breathe!"

He stopped, embarrassed by his intensity. "It's hard to believe, felTABLE QUEEN

lows,"he concluded lamely, "but it's true."BikaO "What became of the mountain

sheep, George?"Morrell asked, and

let his arm fall across Hobbs'shoulder. Lem Redd cleared his throat Enriched with

several nothing. times could but say VITAMINS and IRON at gratefulMorrell looked Hobbs

ly. "It led me down,"he said. "We

struck bottom about a half mile from this spot. Then, as if it had done Fresh At All Food Stores

what it came to do, it bounded away out of sight."

seen—anywhere?""And there wereMorrellno othersasked.to be For Your Fireside Chats...

"Not one.""Let's Talk It Over"

said quietly, George Sevy "Better THE IMPROVEMENT ERA breakfast, yourswallow Hobbs, and 12 Issues $2.00

(Continued on page 556) AUGUST 1947 555 HOLE IN THE ROCK (Continued from page 555) the same; the northeast proved to be

lead out. That red handkerchief of an open canyon. Each party reFRESHNESS yoursHobbsmightateblowa littleaway!"frozen bread turnedWater toCanyon,the startingand point—-Greenthey camped

and drank the last of some steeped for the night.

ground barley. Then he ground the The next morning, following up FULL FLAVOR last embers of the fire—made from the east canyon, they discovered a

UrFkozenk theysage crossedstalks theyGray hadMesa—undergathered hisas bakecliff dwellingoven wasof insevensuchrooms.a perfectThe

hobnailed boot, tied his tin cup to state of preservation, that, by cleanMeafci his hat band, and led the way down ing away the dust, it could have been the ledge. Many places had to be put into immediate use. "We're getchiseled and widened for the horses ting into God's country again,"Sevy

and packs; they literally lifted their exclaimed.

animals down the worst drops, for to "Looks like Indian country to me,"let them jump, or to push them down, Redd said drily.

would have been propulsion enough "No matter whose country it is,"got them, "we've reminded to send them rolling to the bottom. Morrell frozen flavor into SEAL

it looks to find a fowl it. And way out of and game **V meats, fish,

with moisture -vapor,rpHE sun warmed as the hours adto me like we're going to wait a spell juices natural Tasty proof LOCKERAP. that!"tracks for melting vanced, the snow

air dry, flavorrobbing can't get out—

all that "Indians the lived here,"Hobbs made, so had can't Hobbs grocer's at your get in! Get LOCKERAP

or at your locker plant. scouts had to guide them was his mused. "They had to go in and out;

few personal belongings, widely there must be a remnant of their trail

Handy Guide to Correct Wrapping separated along the trail. Many times left."

they were baffled by almost identical "Centuries can do plenty of erassheet 1: Use STEP large declines but luckily chose the right ing,"Sevy said. "I'm not too optito around wrap enough

TWICE Place meat ones and went on safely to the botmistic. Look at the height of those

close to end of paper tom. It was midafternoon when they cliffs! And which of the canyons

roll over once. and BE finally paused to look back up the that come into this one is right?"

THAT SURE WAXED SIDE IS NEXT TO MEAT. ledge. Tired and hungry as they were,

"It looks impossible,"Redd said. Sevy's pessimism took hold. They

"If we hadn't just done it, I'd say it argued, almost quarreled. Wasn't

STEP 2: Tuck In one side couldn't be done!"one man's opinion as good as anto sure Be paper. of were, as they Tired hungry and left as the other's? canyon Wasn't

tightly tuck crease and that miles seven they more made right right as the canyon apt to be airinsuring securely, tight seal. Sealing air night, for they were too nearly out was? Sevy, Morrell, and Redd

to proout is essential risk to delay. of food any east. bear south; Hobbs, Going headed A

of flavor tection still ridge, east, along they looked a in the of the right disputed way down onto a beautiful fresh water south canyon, and the scouts, knowlake, surrounded by cottonwoods, ing the fallacy of getting separated dry rushes, and grass almost to covat any time or for any reason, reer Marthy's small back. traced their steps and followed

"Against the bugfilled fluid we've Hobbs up the east canyon, though been trying to stomach for a week,"they were convinced that he was

Morrell said, "this is nectar!"stubborn and unreasonable in holdhalf STEP4:Sealtightlywith 3: Roll meat STEP

tuck over and again or string. Label with Lying flat on their stomachs in the ing out against the three of them. in tape

other side of wrapper. soft pencil or crayon. red sand of the shore, the scouts They met Hobbs coming on a run

drank their fill, barely a yard from down the east canyon, trying to the nostrils of their thirsty animals. overtake them in the south branch,

for he had picked up the old Indian ''T'he next morning, continuing east, trail, and above that, had found a Precis naming points and places as they way out to the top.

went, they dropped into Castle They turned and headed up the

Gulch, and, about fifteen miles farther east fork, following Hobbs, still on, to a rough canyon and a trickle somewhat resentful and untalkative.

of greenish water. Here three canComing out on top, at the foot of

hill, they picked up the yons intersected—northeast, east, a long clay

and southeast. Hobbs took the northIndian trail again. But they had

east; Redd and Morrell, the southgone only a few miles when they

east; Sevy, the east. Each explored were cut off by a gulch so deep and

his own canyon. The southeast repellent that they stared at it in

boxed up in one mile; the east did despair. The Cliff Dweller's trail,

556 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

HOLE IN THE ROCK

obliterated by the terrific erosion of They ate sparingly and began the tain, they went to bed, exhausted the years, was completely one with climb to the top. and almost famished. The next

the scars of time. It was almost dark when they morning they cooked their last food

came out on top of the ledge, cut—a slapjack one inch thick and the

pOR eighteen hours they trailed and bruised of flesh, but triumphant size of a frying pan.

hopelessly up and down the of spirit. And, no less crippled, came "The one who cuts the cake takes

giant ledges, with not a drop of Marthy and the mule, followed by the last piece,"Sevy said, eying the water to relieve their parched the two wiry little horses. cake ravenously.

throats, only their dogged deterNear the head of the trail they ( Continued on page 558 mination and the thought of the found a large natural water tank starving camp at the Hole in the where they camped for the night.

Rock to sustain them. "I could water plenty of cows Then, suddenly, hungrily eying here,"Lem Redd speculated. WANTED to BUY

the flight of a hawk, Hobbs picked "Cow Tank."The others agreed USED ENVELOPES, WITH

up the faint outline of the Indian on the name, not caring, so long as OR WITHOUT POSTAGE trail again. it marked another few miles exSTAMPS, POSTMARKED BE-

"The trail!"he shouted. "I've plored and won. FORE 1900. PRICE IS DEfound it!"PENDENT ON CONDITION

AGE. OFSUBMIT FOR AND up, up, their Up, and eyes the progress trav- ""Phey more made PRICE. next FER WITH YOUR OReled, until the but sparhawk was day, that night it but snowed

L. CARLSENrowsize, then lost against the sun. eight inches, obliterating the tracks EDWARD

trail,"980 Jefferson Ave., Ogden, Utah "Yes. But a what Redd Lem their of for animals. search long Asighed. it.""I'm too to weak make of the took next day, them up much

and"—Morrell"We'll eat abegan,little, butrest Sevya little,finsoAndthatthatlittlenightgroundit snowedwas covered.again, a HOTEL LANKERSHIMished the sentence—"Perhaps to blinding, bitterly cold storm that 7th ft IROADWAY

MODERATE a little,"pray little their strength remaining he said. "We've done sapped Headquarters RATESin Los S. Anodes L D.

Operator FRANKtoo little of that."at their courage. and bit H. Forced Manager R. BECKETT.WISHON by RAY

In a circle, hands to shoulders, another LOS ANGELES Gulch—to barrier—Grand

- ONE CHARGE'they followed Morrell's advice. the side of moun- 'TWO PERSONS a heavily wooded

PROTESTORS OF CHRISTENDOM

By James L. Barker

"A theme of deepest interest for all Latterday Saints."

An illuminating study of Christianity after the ministry of the Savior and the ancient apostles.

"The early Christian Fathers, the early councils, the deep confusion of the dark and middle ages, and the reaching out for light by John Huss, Martin

Luther, Ulrich Zwingli, John Calvin, John Knox and others, form a moving historical panorama of human waywardness and human hopes. Out of the

picture rises the certainty that a restoration of Gospel truth—Johnwas necessary."A. Widtsoe

A SKEPTIC DISCOVERS MORMONISM By Timberline Riggs The lucid, forthright story of a critical seeker for truth.

Through four editions this book has won an ever widening sphere of acceptance to popularity. desire and share it with others is a typical A

it. reaction of scores read who s>C *Rl 00CA

DESERET BOOK COMPANY "THE BOOK CENTER OF THE INTERMOUNTAIN WEST"44 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City 10, Utah

Please send me copies of PROTESTERS OF CHRISTENDOM and copies of A SKEPTIC DISCOVERS MORMONISM.

Name Address Amount herewith $

AUGUST 1947 557 HOLE IN THE ROCK (Continued from page 557) went on, doggedly, to yet another

I'll cut it,"Morrell said. Quartergulch, parallel to Comb Wash.

ing the soggy cake, he distributed "We might have to follow this rim each pointed slab on the blade of the for fifty miles, and then not find a knife. way to get down!"Sevy exclaimed.

Not a bad Christmas dinner,"he remarked. TThey camped in a small side can-

"Christmas!"Sevy exclaimed. yon, spent and utterly cheerless.

"I'd lost count. Christmas, without Hobbs waited until their breathing

food, in a blinding storm, and not a told him that the others were asleep;

landmark in sight!"then, not knowing that any of them

"You're the only one of us, Hobbs. would survive the journey, he slipped

that has set foot in this wilderness of out of bed and carved his name and canyons,"Redd said, sweeping his the date on the cliff. George Brigarm across his eyes to clear them of ham Hobbs, December 27, 1879.

snowflakes, "it's up to you to get Then he crept back to bed, somehow us out!"strangely heartened.

Hobbs left the camp, going toThey awoke to more snow. Talkward a knoll to the north. He ing little, trying to think less, they

climbed it but could see nothing fawent in search of their animals. Sudmiliar. He left the knoll, passed the denly Hobbs dropped to his knees, a

camp, climbed to another elevation look of consternation on his bearded south of it. There, with the wind alface. He began brushing away the

most sweeping him from the ledge, layer of light top snow. There,

and. in the only lull in the storm in pressed into the snow of the day

ten hours, he caught a glimpse of before, was a long, narrow moccasin

Blue Mountain, thirty miles away. track. He uncovered another, and

This was the landmark he'd been another. The three other scouts let

looking for. He called to the scouts, a single word whistle through their

but his voice was lost in the wind. He lips, "Indians!"

waved his arms and his hat. They Hobbs'lips tightened. "They

saw the signal and came running up crossed in a hurry, going south,"he the knoll. said, "within fifty yards of our beds! "Salvation Knoll!"Hobbs cried. If they found the horses—

jlaOOKCSAFTi "I know my way from here. That is "The meanest Indian alive couldBlue Mountain in the distance. n't take Marthy if she didn't want

their renewed prospects to go,"Morrell cut in. "I think CENTENNIAL Happy at

of getting through, the scouts hurMarthy would want to stay with ried on. They camped that night in me."MASTERPIECES

a cliff dwelling, dry and warm. But Morrell climbed the sloping wall

This remarkable the next day their hopes were of the canyon, while the others, fearvolume oi the life dashed by a glistening reef of jagged ful of an ambush, went cautiously m accomplishand until they were draw, thirty rock, long, miles white down the rungreat of a ments MAM Morrell's triumphant halted... by south, ning north graphso inacand and leader afthiHOURThe

told ically by a shout. headed and They turned cessible that the only and hawks

writer. very gifted in their it. excaution forgetting back, eagles the over knew way

LEAH D. Gaunt, holloweyed, scarcely able citement.

WIDTSOE to stand, even by clinging to their "Marthy led the whole bunch to

J5y LEAH D. WIDTSOE jaded animals, the scouts stared at safety,"Morrell cried, and let the

the jutting, almost horizontal layers animals follow him down the canyon

BRIGHAM YOUNG cock,of rock,andasalmostuniformas dizzilyas the combunsteady.of a side."You"Marthycall it Marthy,"had 'em inLema cave!"Redd Hour of the The Man They explored Comb Wash, up and said. "I call it God."Priced Popularly brrffll

$2 DD thirddown,werefor cheeredtwo days.by theAnddiscoveryon the love,Morrellis Marthy."said happily, "She's a ORDER TODAY

of an Indian trail up the cliff. There, The providential recovery of their

centuries after the hands that cut it animals gave the scouts new courage.

were but dust of the forgotten ages, They found a place where they could it was plainly visible. climb out of the main gulch but no

With almost superhuman energy, way of sliding down into it. Sufferthe scouts repaired the trail and ing from the hunger pains in their

pushed or pulled their animals to the stomachs they staggered in their top. It was nearly night, but they tracks but did not lose hope and

558 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hole in the Rock late in the afternoon they were rewarded by finding a place where they thought they could get down. Mar-;:.'.*

thy started first, slipped, fell, rolled The Salt Lake Tribune over three times, and landed on her feet, little the worse for her fall, protected as she was by her pack. is the hometown, family newspaper

"If it had been any of the four except Marthy,"Morrell cried, "I'd for the Intermountain West. Daily

have been glad to see 'em die; I'm

that hungry!"

and Sunday, it is edited for the in- /\NCE down in the gulch they began their search for the place formation and enjoyment of the enthey had seen from the top, where they thought they could get out. "It

looks so goshawful steep from down tire family group. For subscriptions,

here!"Sevy muttered. "We'll never

get out."But, hours later, they found write Circulation Department, The

the break they were looking for and climbed out. The effort almost cost

them their lives, for they slipped Salt Lake Tribune, Salt Lake City.

back more often than they gained I altitude, and they were bruised and 1 bleeding from the rocks.

Too weak to make it farther on I foot, they decided to ride, two at a time, while walked. the other two alt jtake gfflmtie brutes poor are so "The dumb

poor we ought to carry them,"MorIrell demurred.

"We've no time for sentiment,"

Redd cried. "There's a camp of

starving women and children back there, depending upon us. "We've Celebrate Utah's Centennial

got to get on the best we can!"with a genuine

Later... "The Redd and Sevy

hour has more than sixty minutes in it."Morrell laughed ruefully. "We MOEMOJff PIONEEHhave no watches, so we have to take

their word on the time,"he said.

"We're younger,"Hobbs said."More able to walk. But my feet are DINNER

so blistered I feel like crawling!"

"For their age, Redd and Sevy are rawhide,"Morrell said. "Men

of less courage would have been done long ago."

"Another hour and we'll look down on the San Juan River,"Hobbs told him. "We can hold out that

long."An hour later, the four scouts Wonderful Recipes Used by the Pioneers looked down upon a milewide Collectedfor corn griddlefor you bycakes,the producersMormon gravy,of Morningroly Milkpoly. and.. recipesother

thicket of Cottonwood trees, and bedishes with real old time goodness—

yond that, lay the broad San Juan.

"There's the river!"Sevy cried. FREE—At Your Grocers Now!

"And, look! A calf! Coming toward

us out of the thicket."Creamy Rich

Hobbs jerked his sixshooter.

"No!"Sevy thrust the gun aside.

"Where there's a calf, there is apt tobe a cow,"he cried. "Help must be MOEiTIUG MILK

near. {Continued on page 560) T-7

AUGUST 1947 559 Hole in the Rock TTTlTjTT11 '**tf (Continued from page 559) An agonized expression distorted

Hobb's face. "I smell food!"9,$ Down the bench he staggered, Nothing Go GREYHOUND shouting for them to follow.

for most schedules "He's gone mad,"Morrell muttered. "I wish I could even smell

Go GREYHOUND food!"They found a cabin, George and

for lower fares tive,Dan Harris,Becky theirWarren.father,Beckyand a relawas

frying steak. The smell of it was

torture to the scouts, five days withGo GREYHOUND for more courtesy out"Theyfood! are as starved as wolves,"

Becky Warren told her menfolk.

"Help me get them to the table."

Not caring if they died for it, the four ragged, holloweyed scouts fell upon the food....

One ticket—one baggage check "That's twentytwo biscuits,"

to anywhere in America. Only Hobbs sighed, when he could eat no

Greyhound offers so much for more, then fell asleep across his so little. Ask your nearest Overplate.

land Greyhound agent about Lemuel H. Redd and George Sevy

frequent schedules and low fares. were already asleep on their folded

arms. George Morrell stared at

sent Becky you?"Warren. LA N.D "Who Chemistry"thru Housework "Lightens fighting his to hold he head mumbled, GREYHOUNDOVER HOUSEWIVES WESTERN FOR A MILLION up. OperatedUNION byPACIFICINTERSTATESTAGES.TRANSITINCORPORATEDLINES and "We're from Arizona—"she began, but Morrell interrupted her.

"It's a miracle, that's what! A

plain and simple miracle!"Dazed,

'fttm&i'htUu still unbelieving that she was real, he tried to rise, but his legs gave

SAYS wayto theunderwoodenhim,bench.and he sank back

"Recently the Newmont Mining Company, one oi the nation's larger ( To be continued) mining companies, announced its intention of developing certain mineral ground in Utah. We should encourage more outside capital to

of our in development take a hand ore Eternal Values For resources. each dollar of

produced, 90c stays in Utah."(Continued from page 510)

denieth none that come unto him, black and white, bond and free, male and female; and

he remembereth the heathen; and all are

alike unto God, both Jew and Gentile. (II

Nephi 26:33.)

... we see that God is mindful of every

people, whatsoever land they may be in;

yea, he numbereth his people, and his bowels of mercy are over all the earth.

METAL MINING INDUSTRY (Alma 26:37.) JEllYTEA GARDENMARMALADEalso makes GRAPESYRUPJUICE

OF UTAH Another doctrine of eternal value is that God is willing to share some

IIIinUinilllllllllllC3IIIIIIIIIIIIE3lllllllll!IIE3lllllllllll of his authority and power with

man. Here is the concept of priestIN USE for OVER FIFTY YEARS hood in the Church. Men who are WE OffER

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple worthy to be ordained receive divine A COMPLETE SERVICE throat to act for and in behalf of ENGRAVINGsore and other minor mouth sanction

Portraits to the Largest Missionary From irritations.and throat Catalogues. God himself:

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention the thereof, ordinances without and And CO. ENGRAVING UTAH the of the priesthood, authority the powerHALLSSalt Lake City,REMEDYUtah Salt Lake City, Utah Regent St.

is of godliness in 113 manifest not unto menIIIIIIIIIIOIIIIIIIIIIICailllllllllllElllllllllllllEJIillllll 560 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.:

ETERNAL VALUES

the flesh; For without this no man can see few who deliberately deny the Holy

the face of God, even the Father, and live. Ghost will enter a kingdom of glory.

(D.&C. 84:21,22.) The exceptions will enter no such

This power which God gives to kingdom but will live with Lucifer man to act in his behalf gives us a and his hosts. We believe in a perfeeling of trust and confidence. sonal devil as well as a personal

Moreover, it ennobles man and helps God.

him to achieve powers of leadership One or two more illustrations of that are remarkable. The Lord, howthe unchanging doctrines of the

ever, is rightly concerned with the Church must suffice. They teach that

way in which it is exercised: all spiritual blessings are based on

... the rights of the priesthood are inlaw:

separably the of connected with powers law, irrevocably in There decreed is a heaven, controlled... cannot nor and be before of the foundations heaven this world,

handled only upon the principles of rightupon which all blessings are predicated eousness. they conferred be That upon may blessing and any when from God, we obtain

itus, is true; but to undertake when we it is it Enjoy that to by obedience which law upon

sins,cover pride, or to gratify our our our is predicated. (D. 130:20, C. 21.) &

ambition, or to control exercisevain or dominion or compulsion upon the souls of the children of men, in any degree of unSuch a statement is comforting torighteousness, behold, the heavens withdraw thinking persons. Hot Wateris Spirit the grieved;themselves; of the Lord has taught continuChurch The

it is to withdrawn,and when Amen that learning the ously and knowledge the authoritypriesthood or that of (D. man.

6C. 121:36,37.) form part of the gospel of Christ. It

is incumbent upon Church members the In safeguards Lord this way to study and learn. The Lord says: Clean Ihis Church. emphasize But may

here the value to the Church of a Whatever principle of intelligence we atrise unto in this life, it will withman's knowing that he has divine tain us in Economical the resurrection. gains person if a And

authority. more knowledge and intelligence in this life through his diligence and obedience than Automatic

""The Church has taught from the another, he will have so much the advantage beginning that the future destiny in the world to come. (D. & C. 130: 18, 19.) Dependableof man is clearly revealed. We have up values inherentpointed out that man existed as a We may sum

the unchanging birth.spirit personage before This in doctrines of the See Your Dealer or as follows Churchspirit in the flesh, tabernacles where

it has a chance to gain experience 1 They teach that man can find God and Plumbing Company and opportunities not given before. understand something definite about his

Men have to experience temptation personality, power, wisdom, love, and and learn to discern between the bitcompassion. The Holy Ghost may

give each the worthy of member the sweet.ter and The results personal a of Church these testimony of Utah Power & their will condition choicesmen's things. testimony holds the Such

status hereafter. The Lord has reChurch together and makes men work

vealed that after the resurrection in harmony together. Light Co.

from the dead, men will be con- 2. God shares his power (priesthood)

signed to one of four different kingwith worthy men of his Church. Thus

doms or states; these represent heamongproducesmen. leadershipThe powerofofa thehighChurchorder

grades or conditions. Since men do to reach for and hold the souls of men

not observe the same standards in is unusual.

mortality, they will merit different 3. Men are made to understand their

rewards in the hereafter. The work place in the universe. They lived as

of the Church consists in attempting intelligences before they were born; JUST ARRIVEDto draw all men to Christ in such a Godbodies,is hencethe Creatortheir Fatherof theirin a spiritreal

that their merit here will deedsway their sense; life in mortality is of THE COMPLETE WORKS life ofeternal in the presence in determines God. worth and great measure

The marriage relations and family their destiny hereafter. Moreover, if OF JOSEPHUS

connections of righteous men will be man pays the price, he may become as This is a big, big book, complete in all details.

Invaluable for souls the are of God. great student of The the scriptures. of men hereafter. in theperpetuated Only While last they at $4.00 postpaid. big value. A to the of worth Almighty. value The Also nearly S. L. D. current books, fulfil requirements, God'sthose who including to service other is stressed each SKEPTIC in stock,"A among allDISCOVERS MORMONISM, and THE TEN by COMMANDMENTS receive live the gosthat is, and for reasons. obvious who men

privilege. that willpel, have is All 4. Light and knowledge emphasized

members. among Church will receive Theothers what they were value of TIMBERLINEOVERTON, NEVADARIGGS

willing to earn. All men except a (Concluded on page 562)

AUGUST 1947 561.

rv#s#v#*v*s#*#Nr*v#vr>rv*v#v*v*v#vr*v*i ETERNAL VALUES (Concluded from page 561) life is cut."Hence, to Latterday

schools and education is highly reSaints the religion that had such garded. The truth makes men free. dynamic force as to carry them from

mprovement 6a to Intheconclusionfact that theI mayMormoncall attentionpeople verdanthas maintainedvalleys thatto sandlessforce to suchwastesan can testify concerning the truthfulextent that they can go into any ness of Walter Lippman's statement country in the world and retain with that "when the truths of religion complete integrity their faith in the principles of the Church. lost their a undying connection withSubscribers.. have

their order, the cord of superhuman 36 5Op. cit., p.

The ERA gives you much of the best current CHURCH LITERATURE. Within its covFAITH TRIUMPHANT

ers you find each month authoritative material written or (Continued from page 507) Faith Will Dispel Threatening spoken by our Church leaders. tude and heroism have been and will Clouds

will is light that the eternal guiding to an and be a continue enpMTH what Has it occurred to you their light to read clouds. couraging threatening these dispel all who

priceless theology, gems of I cry with Emerpoetry and downto-earth gossimple but incomparable story. I With all my soul

pel you have in the yearby- son:

year volumes of this magaIdeality, Faith, an Impelling Force O my brothers, God exists. There is a

zine? I have made reference to this soul at the centre of nature and over the

Why not preserve them for epoch in pioneer history not only willwrongof theeveryuniverse.man, soItthathas noneso infusedof us canits

your future reference and your to pay slight deference to the brave strong enchantment into nature that we children's edification? We urge men and women whose migration prosper when we accept its advice, and

you to do so. westward contributed so much to the when we struggle to wound its creatures

development and progress of westour hands are glued to our sides, or they of course breasts. whole our The own (12 numbers)Single bound volumes to also States, embeat but ern United

faith. only need us teach to things goes We

faith of superior the phasize power attractive, cloth bluein durable, of us for each is guidance obey. There

enforce the in human listening a motivating hear lowly we shall and bybinding, stamped in gold $2.25 as

... middle in the right Place yourself live word. but principles deavor. Men die,

each, plus postage. on. Ideality is ever the true source of the stream of power and wisdom which

are it floats, and you all whom effort to right to truth, impelled of inspiration and progress. withoutanimatesBring them in or mail them to us

put contentment. you Then and a perfect

Discouraging Trends in Modern all gainsayers in the wrong. Then you are

with not be marplots beauty. If we would Tlow! SocietyAnybody who thoughtfully obthe world, the measure of right, of truth, of the interferences, the work, our miserable

serves the trend of this modern society, letters, arts, science, religion of

the beginning predicted from the heaven generally revolt people a among still the predicted from world, and of the ]a$eret%ew$ world cannot fail to have noticed men would go on far better than now, and oldconsider against they what itself, heart, organize of the would bottom as do now the rose and the air and the P.re5$ standards,fashioned againstconventionsrestraintsand andmoralinsun.

women, 29 Richards among Street, Salt Lake City hibitions. Modesty And again this great thinker convirtue; a lost is almost for example,

*< -JI C3—- 0BB- (?.> <>- tinues,

the chivalry toward among men political is to of all struggle The end manifest. seldom opposite sex is establish morality as of all legislathe basis

Marriage is looked upon by too tion. It is not free institutions, it is not a

many not as a sacrament, but as a republic, it is not a democracy that is the

Keep your copy of contract to be canceled at pleasure. end—no, but only the means. Morality is

the object government. a state want of We life, too family responsibility of The

in things shall not pay. which crime ofA SKEPTIC DISCOVERS MOPJONISM is parents, frequently shirked by consolation is the This which on we busy at MISSIONARY WORK ominously being shifted to the state. in the darkness of the future and the restafthis oi 10,000 book have Over been flictions the today, that of the Hitler's government denunciation of Ten of

oidistributed, them have been read and copiesmany is moral, does forever dethe world and their covers so have people beby many to his the reversion Commandments, will lost. jacket torn orcome make new Athat is not. stroy what of the like jungle, denial the of the look new. it law

SKEPTIC DISCOVERS MORMONISM A ing used more as anis bein- existence of God by Russian leaders, The economic progress of our and more extensively troductory book. missionary it goes.It makes friends the rejecting of Christ by Comcountry during the past century has for wherever our people

Let a you JACKET—FREE me send NEW

S. or 5c postpaidif munists and other antiChristians been phenomenal. So also has been L. D. books, other orderyou

if ordered separately. seem to justify the claim that there her influence politically among the

is faith of in nations. is reputedly America a weakening in God, Today TIMBERLINE RIGGS

in in the Christ, his "capable the only nation Son, the world and Jesus OVERTON, NEVADA moral order. of sustaining western civilization."

562 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FAITH TRIUMPHANT Opposed to her is Russia, which the Lord of heaven and earth, and in has renounced faith in God and in the principles of peace taught by JUST OUT! his overruling power in the universe. his Son on the shores of Galilee two THE CENTENNIAL EDITION OF

The threatened impending clash thousand years ago. Upon this is

between these two nations is more the promise of possession of this than a test of political supremacy, land and prosperity therein based: OTHER SHEEP more than a fight between capitalism "Behold,"says the Prophet, "this OF ANCIENT AMERICA and communism—it is the evercon- is a choice land, and whatsoever A SAGA (Illustrated)

conflict tending faith in between God it free shall shall nation possess be thrilling Telling in oi a reverent but manner

Christ, of the gospel visit oi Jesus the and in the to Savior oi the the people captivity, bondage, from and from Continent. American in of disbelief the philosophy and all nations other under from oi and the the Romance A days Lamanites when

Christian ideals. Faith in man is the heaven, if they will but s&rve the shippingand someidolsoi theand wickedoiieringNephitesup youngweremaidensworsacrifices. that leads to brotherhood; human power the land, who is Jesus as God of

the Describing appearance faith in the ladder God, his Lamanite 2:12.) (Ether by which Christ"and warnings oi oithe Samuel,events prethe

birth the ceding oi the the Savior, death and perfection. Faith climb toward men

terrible oi the deeds Gaddianton Robbers, the light guiding in our time, The destruction as great oi the during is darkness, disdays strength; and doubt, weakness

final the at gathering the in Bountiiul, temple is faith in Pioneer days and always, integration. the oi wonderiul events the Savior's appearance

the righteous. oi His blessings in establishthe among people in ultimate the and God about question can be no There their children, of His establishment and a of the of civilization. brotherhood great ment man and anticipated of omithe the outcome

Told as persons participating in the Christ. the gospel through of Jesus events iiconcludingby with and notes from clash, earnestly iamous hopenous which we

archaeologists supporting the described, events will between never pray thus adding testimony come and to support the dinew is be; shall and was oi God vinity oi the Book Mormon. conflictof great these nations two still. solid lived us loves with covers, in Christ Bound sixcolor and board a andloved—ande'er

iront design on back, wonderiul a and making if of ing ideals, the inhabitants free. forward, proud and goes man And giit ior occasion. any

America will but keep their faith in God's present purposes to fulfil.

Price $1.00. Plus Sales Tax

Sold by DESERET BOOK CO. and other Utah

paid by publishersOn tL BOOKRACK and Idaho Book Stores or will be mailed postTHE PRESS PYRAMIDAPPLETON MILO HARMON 609 S. 2nd East Salt LakeGOES City 2, Utah WEST MY LIFE'S REVIEW (Edited by Maybelle Harmon Anderson. The Gillick Press, Berkeley, Benjamin F. Johnson. Reviewed

California. 1946. 208 pages. in June Eta, page 390. Price of

Limited Edition. $6.50.) $1.75 was quoted in error. The

A collector's item is this volume, book sells for $2.75.

made up of the journal of Appleton

Milo Harmon and the stories of his wife, Elmeda, and of his sons, Hosea Harmon, to the line drawings which apMilton. and WillisFrank The journal pear throughout the book.—M. C. /. is vivid, particularly full of incidents

that might readily have been overTHE BOOK OF FRIENDSHIP looked by one so engrossed in the ( Elizabeth Selden. Houghton Mifflin

tragic making of history. This Pioneer Company, Boston. 1947.

had a keen power of observation that 496 pages. $3.00.)

helps the reader reconstruct every de- 'T'he book consists of two parts: an

tail of that long trek: the kinds of analysis of friendship and an anvegetation that the Pioneers passed thology of friendship poetry and prose.

along the way, the animals they saw The author points out that the book and the number—as well as river crosscould not claim completeness in any BRING THE WEST'S

ings, and every incident that happened sense, but that it "should help him betalong the route. But he was withal a ter to understand the approach of his SERVICE

practical man, actually making the fellowbeings toward this most uniroadometer at William Clayton's diversal of all human relationships."This TO YOUR

rection. book is one that the pioneers would HOME TOWN

The record of his mission to England well have appreciated, since they is also worthy of note, and the flavor of learned the value of friendship and coThe KOLOB Agent in your community is ihe his journal about a New Year's party operation, which is an underlying chareveryfriendliestinsuranceman inneedtown—readyeificiently to andserveat yoirlow

is especially Dickensian. acteristic of friendship. cost,GeneralbecauseInsurancehe representsAgency.the West'sStrong largerstock

includes of the settlebook correctly, states, much The that author The Company policies—prompt, iair settlement oi

central of southernment and Utah, will peace and world can claims. not come until we

graphically portrays the hardships of practise individual freindships and pioneering that would perhaps put modtransform them to national and internaern Israel to shame. tional friendship. This is a book to recThe format of the book is excellent, ommend all to read—and to include in

from the beautiful colored frontispiece, home libraries, since it will stimulate which depicts accurately the texture better friendly relationships in the C t3; R P R ATI D N

and color of a dress worn by Elmeda neighborhood. M. C. J.

AUGUST 1947 563

URPRBEnn I do not know if I will ever become a Latterday Saint, but if

ADDRESSES OF L.D.S. SERVICEMEN'S HOMES I do, it will be because of the personal contact of these misDiego, Calif. sionaries. St., 24th "C,"San Cor. 24th 1104 & spiritual force, that will great There a must such be make Calif. St.. Oakland, Alice 1836 of give best their lives, the wonderful years of young two men

Calif. St., Marysville, 615 "F"their their leave bring to homes, message. and go out

St., Honolulu, T.H. Beretania So. 1594 yours, Sincerely

(s) Mrs. Gertrude M. Zarriskill

Carolina North Durham, F.P.O., York, C/o York New New Editors: Dear Editors: Dear

is doing old to like who man a grand about you know WOULD of gives great is consolation "TPhe Era amount a one when

Hollifleld. district, I L. this P. in of conversion job wonderful a I * through the day's with vessel. naval board a on work isolated from Carolina, in North the in mountains lives up He after issues that the only will issue the hope eventually May gospel; the is to convert district. a of our headquarters the He catch with me. up the is sending gospel, and his the now people taught has he Sincerly I remain, enclosed. baptized. ( $2.00 just been has relative to a who Era Hendriksen Martin a branch in and the fine mountains built chapel up a has He $

of the Church is now organized up there. For twentyeight

during isolated, and completely people these were years all CAN YOU TOP THIS? f

five traveled faithful. Recently this we been this time man has

hundred miles to hold a conference. We ordained three At the closing M.I.A. social on

popular April Reeves, 29, Jeanne School a office Sunday of elder and started to the of the brethren

Girl of Park Gleaner Huntington activities. All the service, other and women men and sacrament Stake, South Angeles Ward, Los

praised the Lord in testimony for the advancement. Both my was presented with a certificate

her during attendance for perfect counselor in years Bee Hive, and I wept. We were well paid for the trip when we seven Mutual as

with them. met Girl. This Junior, Gleaner and

I write this to let you know the Era is appreciated. fine record, coupled with a simiPri- for lar perfect attendance Sincerely your brother,

truly remarkto a adds up (signed) J. L. Bennett mary, will that able achievement be

-<*>- difficult for anyone to better.

in participate to finds She time Philadelphia, Pennsylvania as well speech drama, and Dear Editors: in as other and Church manyarts,

far Saints is the Latterday not of activities. school these from chapel However, a There

interfere to allowed are never I live. never passed have and I have it many times where fact, class, in with her Mutual

thought. given it a to arise to she has been known

the I o'clock four at study on at called missionaries of house and your two my One day at following evening morning an that the interested they message in them and much became of This day period the MIA.

visits together they have and have had brought. many best the study to time be must veryWe

explained and patiently answered all of the questions, and they as she was a member of the

Society as well Scholarship as bethem. to that I put many, were class secretary, ing the senior JEANNE REEVES the church, go to class may vice You president. and everyone is very pleasant, sophomore

but you need much more than that, there is so much to learn. Girls'letter Athleticgirl, andAssociationmember ofpresidentvarious andotherviceclubspresidentat Huntingtonof the Chatelaines,Park High

School from which she graduated last June.

TEENAGE CHOIR OF WASHINGTON STAKE

Capitol Ward TeenAge Choir of Washington Stake was organized in November of 1946, under the direction of Sarah (Sally)

Stout.

Since an organized Mutual Improvement Association did not exist in Capitol Ward, it was felt that the young people between the ages of 1520 years should be organized tor social purposes.

The Teenagers have held a weekly choir practice since the first of the year. The chorus has done much to bring the teenage group

together in a common bond. It might be added that the Teenagers owe much of their success to the inspiration which they get

from their very able director, Sister Sally Stout.

SEVENTH WARD GUARDIAN

GRADUATES Honor Bees of the Seventh Ward, Cache Valley Stake. The

largest class to graduate as honor Bees at one time in Cache Valley. Barbara Gibbons has a perfect attendance record throughout

the entire three years of Bee Hive work. Harriet Schvaneveldt was

excused once and Helen Hurst was excused twice in their entire three years. Faye Henrie and

Dorothy Murray both have a one hundred percent attendance record in their gatherer and guardian years.

564 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Also at your dealers: WOOL O'THE WEST WOMEN'S WEAR FABRICS, STYLED IN CALIFORNIA, DISTRIBUTED BY BLUMCO

Vbe MORMON BATTALI

Their footprints measured history's kH

march. Weary - - hungry - - mad with thirst - - they

blazed a trail that broadened beneath the wheels

of those who followed after... that there might

be new empires beyond the wilderness.

And it is always thus: The security and

achievement of tomorrow are won only through

wise decision and sacrifice -- today.