Solemn Assembly in the Tabernacle.

Make Your Educational Investment at L D S

LDS, the Church College LDS, the Lead* LDS, the People Builder

If the teaching of business knowledge In any group of people, organizations A complete education must include and skills were the only criteria for or institutions, some always stand out training for a profession, social develsuccess, any business college might do. from the crowd; these are the leaders. opment, spiritual growth and physical

But development of the whole person They do the unusual, the unexpected, improvement. At LDS the professional

is vital in respect to morals, character, the daring. This has been the case with faculty teaches current, vital classes

and integrity; for this reason LDS the LDS Business College. LDS was which provide saleable skills. The

makes religion a vital part of each the first private college in Utah to Student council, staff advisor and student's life. An Institute Department install an IBM Computer and teach a LDSSA make social activities available

which covers subject's from Courtship full course in Computer Technology. on a regular basis. The three man

and Marriage to Religious Philosophy LDS was also the first Utah Business Institute Department and College and New Testament to Current College with Fashion Merchandising Ward insure spiritual gains. The athReligious Problems, not only promotes and Marketing. LDS paved the way for letic teams and special rates at the

Christian living and ethics, but widens multichannel electronic dictating labs. Deseret Gym make physical activities a

the student's scope of understanding When new subjects, teaching methods vital part of a student's life. LDS

and development. LDS provides the and equipment are available, you'll see graduates have the confidence, knowtype of atmosphere appreciated by them first at LDS. ledge and poise which make them self

active LDS students. assured and ready for success.

Facilities Registration

Over $1,200,000 in plant and equipment, featuring a sparkling, modern girl's dormitory, Fall quarter begins September an electronic stenolab, a third generation computer for student's use, a large 17. Applications should be

airconditioned classroom building, and the very latest in specialized office machines, submitted by July 31 including such famous names as IBM, Dictaphone, Ditto, Dura, Victor Comptometer,

Burroughs, Friden, Marchant, Olivetti, Royal and Honeywell. Free Catalog

Faculty Find out more about your

In addition to twelve fulltime, resident faculty members, nine of whom hold master's Church Business College now, degrees, LDS also retains as parttime instructors many specialists from the business write the Dean of Students community including attorneys, CPAs, data processing and marketing specialists. This for a free catalog.

assures variety and a functional point of view.

Service You get the personal attention available only at a small school. You learn in an

atmosphere where academic achievement and high standards of personal conduct are stressed. Our comprehensive training gets you on the job sooner at a greater saving in time

and money. Job opportunities for our graduates have never been better. All these

advantages are yours and lower tuition, too! Choose from the following courses: 41 1 East South Temple

Accounting and Business Administration, Secretarial Science, Computer Technology, Salt Lake City, Utah 84117

Marketing, Fashion Merchandising, Office Machines and Court Reporting. Phone 3632765

ACCREDITED BY THE ACCREDITING COMMISSION FOR BUSINESS SCHOOLS, WASH., D.C.

The Voice of the Church June 1970 Volume 73, Number 6

On the Cover Special Features An illustration designed to help ex- 2 Editor's Page: Our Concern for All Our Father's Children, President

plain the voting procedures of the Joseph Fielding Smith solemn assembly held at April general 4 Our Religion and Mental Health, Dr. Joe J. Christensen

conference (see page 20) was so well 9 The Visitation of John the Baptist, Richard J. Marshall

it is that featured ondone this 16 Zion's Ten Acres, Carter E. Grant

Illustrated cover. Gerreld bymonth's

L. Pulsipher, this exploded view of the 20 The Solemn Assembly, Jay M. Todd

Tabernacle on Temple Square is ac111 Statistical Report, 1969 curate in proportion, number of benches, seats, columns of pillars, and details in general. 26 110 General Conference Addresses

Regular Features

112 The Church Moves On 114 The LDS Scene 116 Research & Review: What About Attendance at NonChurch Colleges?

Dr. Elliott D. Landau

118 Today's Family: Sara M. Tanner: Dedication to Home, Family, and

Church, Eleanor Knowles 122 Buffs and Rebuffs 127 These Times: Worship at LahainaKaanapali, Dr. G. Homer Durham

130 End of an Era 142 Presiding Bishop's Page: The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth About

Tithing, Bishop John H. Vandenberg

f r>Genera 1 Conference 113, 115, 123, 126

Index The Spoken Word, Richard L. Evans

Speakers

J. Ashton, Marvin life 41 43

D. Elaine Marion Taft Editors Ezra Cannon, Benson, and 95 Hanks Era of EternalExample 90 Youth

'70 76 B. Brown, Hugh Expo 39, 95

L., Victor Brown, Faith 46 39, 73, 41 Wi 76 of of Writing Era Winners Contest 132 Youth Burton, Theodore M. False 84 doctrine 63

A. Cullimore, 88 Family James 98

Living, Loren True C. 48 Elayna Dunn, Louise Far 134 Barber East 95

H. Paul First Dunn, Presidency 70 28, 92

Dyer, R. Alvin 49 33, God 67 in B. Brent Paul 136 Bed, Dixon

L. Evans, Richard evil 37 and Good 44

D. Hanks, Marion 98 Home 98 C. 140 Josephson Marba Award B. Hinckley, Gordon evening 39 80 Home

Hunter, Howard W. 33 51 teaching Home

R. Milton Hunter, First 100 Honesty Dive, 141 84 R. Paul High My Adams

Kimball, Spencer W. 92 Humility 35

Harold 28, B. Japan 63 39, 95 133, 139, 140

R. Bruce Lee,McConkie, Joseph 43 Smith 70, 48, 106

S. Justice Monson, Thomas 90 35 Prizewinning Poetry by Youth

Packer, K. 51 Boyd Keys 92

Petersen, E. Mark 78 Last days 49

Jr. Rector, Hartman, 102 Love 98, 110

Franktin Richards, Mercy D 35 35

Richards, Military LeGrand service 106 51 Fiction, Poetry

, Romney, 5* Marion G. Missionary 67 work 86, 95

Sterling W. 44 Obedience 30, 44, 2 Reflection, Fellows Kathleen 12 L. Robert Sill,Simpson, 82 46, 88

Eldred Smith, G. 104 Peace 67, 2, 110

Smith, Fieldir 19, Joseph 2. 110 Pornography g 46

1 65, 26, 61 Power Poetry Sonne, 2, Alma 86 Prayer 80, 82 26

, L. Stapley, Delbert 63, 73 Priesthood 61 54 65

Tanner, N. Eldon 30, Principles 61 80

Eleanor Assistant Editor; L. Managing Taylor, M. Todd, Managing D. L. Henry Doyle Editors; 60 Smith, Evans, Promises Fielding 80 Joseph Sykes,Editor; T. Jr.,Jay William Editor;Green, Research Manuscript A. Gabbott, Theodore 78, MabelRichard Prophets Jones 92, 80 106

Arrington, ContributingEditorial L. Editor;Leonard Landau, Albert Nibley, CopyG. Knowles,Associate; Durham, HomerEditor; Turtle,Vandenberg, John H Repentance 73, 102 57

Director; Art Reynolds, of ElliottEditor; Norman Associate TrumanEraAlbert Ralph YouthG. L. Madsen,Zobell, Elaine Editor; Cannon,Payne, ofHugh D. Editors; Hanks, Youth Era Marion S. Dilworth Young, 54 Restoration 49, 86 48

Artist. Staff Price,, Revelation 63, 37 78

Righteousness 1Q4 Subjects Salvation 43 W.Snarr,Jay CirculationEldredge, GeneralManager;Manager;S. GlennFlorenceSmith, S.AdvertisingJacobsen, Representative.Associate General Manager; Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Satan 104

Authority 78 Seventy 100 Mormon Book of 3954 Standards Generalpublished bySuperintendent,the Mutual ImprovementYoung Men'sAssociations.Mutual ImprovementAll rightsAssociationreserved. of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, 1970;

of Christ 26 Church 90 Teachers 88 Church membership Temples 65 at special provided postage rate of mailing for matter. class Acceptance second'City, Utah, as Salt Lake at Post the

organization Church 28, 92 Temptation 44 2, July authorized 1918. in of October section Office,Act forEntered 1917, 1103,

welfare Tithing 60 80 succeeding subscriptions, $8.25; in 3 years, year, 37 Truth advance; 57, ChurchCommandments a 76 price $3.00

of days'$5.75; $2.50When eachchange special 2 Thirtyyears, single Virtue price; Courage copymultipleexcept 35c 41 threeyear the to Subscriptionadded 46

unless cannot a addressrequired issue beaddress.madeyear, recentissues. changesfor of the label magazine;notice from your include please change, a ordering Covenants 88 102 Weakness isaddress included. one, well the as new old the address, as Elders Witnesses 63 33, 100

Improvement Endurance 39 Word of Wisdom 80 The Erapostagewelcomesfor deliverycontributionsand return.but is notPaymentresponsibleis madeforuponunsolicitedacceptance.manuscripts. Manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient

Advertising: Era The hisis product.pleased to carry advertisements of interest to readers, but doing so does not imply Church endorsement or Note: Not speaking at this conference: Elders EIRay L. of the advertiser

Bernard B. Isaacson, Thorpe

Committee, Music Teaching Associations, Improvement Mutual Home Anderson, B. Haight, Priesthood Quorums, of the David JosephChristiansen, Official organ and WilliP. amBrockbank,H. BenLatter-day Saints. of Christ Assistants Twelve. nett, all to the agencies of The Church of Jesus System, and other School Committee, Church

The Improvement Era,79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

Era, June 1970 1: a ae:::i..: S = >.a,,.: /:".1;. aa3? =::

The Editor's fttge r'wVT,;>?::rr,.=

their of living earth. bring whole and on peace way

dignity believe origin in the divine of and man. Our Concern forAll We

Our faith is founded on the fact that God is our

Father, and that we arc his children, and that all men Our Father's are brothers and sisters in the same eternal family.

As members of his family, we dwelt with him before Children the foundations of this earth were laid, and he ordained and established the plan of salvation whereby wc

President Joseph Fielding Smith gained the privilege of advancing and progressing as 1 * My beloved brethren and sisters: I am grateful we are endeavoring to do.

beyond any measure of expression for the blessings The God we worship is a glorified Being in whom the Lord has given to me, and to the faithful members all power and perfection dwell, and he has created of his church in the various nations of the earth, and man in his own image and likeness, with those charto all his children everywhere. acteristics and attributes which he himself possesses.

I thank him every day of my life that he has restored And so our belief in the dignity and destiny of in these last days his everlasting gospel for the salvaman is an essential part both of our theology and of tion of all who will believe and obey its laws. our way of life. It is the very basis of our Lord's

.a:::.:.:::..- I thank him for the life and ministry of each of the teaching that "the first and great commandment"is:

good and great men whom he has called to govern "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart,

I say in particular how much we miss President that the second great commandment is: "Thou shalt::3 andMaydirect the affairs of his latterday kingdom. and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind"; and

David O. McKay. As we all know, he was a man of love thy neighbour as thyself."(See Matt. 22:3739.)

great spiritual strength, a naturalborn leader of men, Because God is our Father, wc have a natural desire and a man beloved by his people and honored by the to love and serve him and to be worthy members of world. For all time to come men shall rise up and call his family. We feci an obligation to do what he would

his name blessed. have us do, to keep his commandments and live in

President McKay reminded us often that our misharmony with the standards of his gospel—all of which

sion is to all the world—for the peace, and hope, and arc essential parts of true worship.

happiness, and temporal and eternal salvation of all of And because all men are our brothers, we have a

our Father's children. desire to love and bless and fellowship them—and this

He extended educational opportunities to many too we accept as an essential part of true worship.

peoples in many countries—to Hawaii, the South Thus everything wc do in the Church centers around

Pacific, Latin America, and widely among the Amerithe divine law that we are to love and worship God can Indians. In his remarkable and wideranging adand serve our fellowmen.

ministration, he sought to bless the people of all the It is no wonder, then, that as a church and as a world, so far as possible. people we have deep and abiding concern for the

And I say to you, my beloved brethren and sisters, welfare of all our Father's children. We seek their

that I know the Lord was pleased with the broad, temporal and spiritual wellbeing along with our own.

farseeing administration of President McKay, and with We pray for them as wc do for ourselves, and we try "'all my powers of persuasion I urge this people to to live so that they, seeing our good works, may be led continue to reach out and bless the lives of all our to glorify our Father who is in heaven.

Father's children everywhere. As a church, we arc pleased to commend and en-

:: May I say how pleased we are as a people for the courage every civic and cultural project or undertakincreased understanding and for the kindly relationing that is edifying and wholesome and that is for

ship which we enjoy with other faiths, and I trust and the blessing and betterment of mankind.

pray that this wholesome relationship of goodwill and One of our Articles of Faith declares: "We believe

Sf 8,: Christian fellowship will increase and will bless the in being honest, true, chaste, benevolent, virtuous, lives of all who are touched by it. and in doing good to all men.... If there is anything

I think if all men knew and understood who they virtuous, lovely, or of good report or praiseworthy,.l are, and were aware of the divine source from whence we seek after these things."(Article 13.)

they came, and of the infinite potential that is part And one of the revelations the Lord has given of their inheritance, they would have feelings of counsels that "men should be anxiously engaged in a kindness and kinship for each other that would change good cause, and do many things of their own free

;'-:;ff:t.t??A*i?.F ff"& *Zl?J<:&?fZY?era

tifflMBBBBK&: -::: r - -?* "-'

will, and bring to pass much righteousness."(D&C righteousness and to carry on the work of the Church.,,

58:27.) with increasing faith and effectiveness.

We look with firm disfavor upon some of the social Our young people are among the most blessed and and cultural trends that have existed and do exist in our favored of our Father's children. They are the nobility

society, and firmly believe that all decisions on moral of heaven, a choice and chosen generation who have a issues should be in harmony with the standards found divine destiny. Their spirits have been reserved to

in the Holy Scriptures, beginning with the Old Testacome forth in this day when the gospel is on earth, ment and including the other volumes of revealed and when the Lord needs valiant servants to carry writ that God has given in succeeding dispensations. on his great latterday work. mmSSsi

One of these divine standards states: "And that May the Lord bless you, the youth of Zion, and keep

which doth not edify is not of God, and is darkness."you true to every covenant and obligation, cause you

(D&C 50:23.) As a people we seek for ourselves and to walk in paths of light and truth, and preserve you

for all mankind only those things which are edifying, for the great labors ahead.

enlightening, uplifting, and ennobling. There has never been a time, in this age of the

We believe it is essential that our young people earth's history, at least, when the blessings of a gragain sufficient education to care for themselves in cious and loving Father were as much needed by all this highly specialized age, and also to serve their men as they are now.

fellowmen, and we have in the past and shall continue And so now I pray that God our Heavenly Father in the future to support education at all levels. will open the windows of heaven and pour out upon

We have little sympathy, however, with the spirit his children in all the earth those great and eternal of disruption and dissidence that is sometimes found blessings which will better their lot temporally and on the campuses of the land. We urge our youth to spiritually.

avoid these displays of intemperate conduct and O that men might forsake the ways of the world rather to be found on the side of law and order and and turn to that God who made them!

circumspect action. O that they might open their hearts and receive

It is our hope and prayer that in all nations men the words of truth and light found in the gospel of may live in peace, respecting each other's beliefs and his Son!

forms of worship, and that the spirit of unity and that there might be peace on earth, brotherhood brotherhood may abound on every side. among nations, and love in the hearts of men!

We know there are many people who seek to live 1 pray that God our Eternal Father will look down upright lives and who desire to maintain substantially in love and mercy upon his people everywhere, and the same standards to which we adhere. We welcome upon all those who have chosen him as their God

their encouragement and hope they will feel to accept and who seek to serve him in the name of his Son.

the hand of Christian fellowship from us, as all of us I pray that parents everywhere may be a light unto seek those great goals so basic to true worship and their children; that they may guide them in paths of

unity. truth and righteousness; and that children may respond

We have great concern for the spiritual and moral to parental teaching and be preserved from the evils welfare of all youth everywhere. Morality, chastity, of the world.

virtue, freedom from sin—these are and must be basic I pray for the weak and the weary, for those who are

to our way of life, if we are to realize its full purpose. burdened with cares and sorrows, for those who

We plead with fathers and mothers to teach perneed comfort and assurance amid the storms of life.

sonal purity by precept and example and to counsel May the Lord grant unto them peace according to with their children in all such things. the promise of his Son, who said to the saints in olden

We ask parents to set an example of righteousness times: "Peace I leave with you, my peace I give unto

in their own lives and to gather their children around you: not as the world giveth, give I unto you. Let

them and teach them the gospel, in their home not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid."

evenings and at other times. (John 14:27.)

We have confidence in the young and rising generaMay the Lord grant unto us and to all men the tion in the Church and plead with them not to follow fullness of those blessings which we are able to rethe fashions and customs of the world, not to partake ceive in this life and then accept us into his kingdom of a spirit of rebellion, not to forsake the paths of in the eternities that lie ahead—all of which I pray in

truth and virtue. We believe in their fundamental humility and in thanksgiving and in the name of the

goodness and expect them to become pillars of Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. O

Era, June 1970 3 Few readers would question the value of mental We merely need to review in our minds such starkhealth in one's life. Often, one's happiness may be facts of war, the rapidly rising crime rates, delinquency,

greatly reduced because of inadequate mental health. immorality, drug abuse, riots and violence of all kinds,

Many who could financially well afford time to rest civil strife and hatred displayed among the races, a take sleeping pills in order to sleep at all; other persons devaluation of religion and its concepts, inflation,

who could well afford sumptuous meals must be conimmense pressures to success, and so on. It's no

tent with milk and crackers because of ulcerated wonder that some have referred to our era not as the stomachs caused by emotional strain. Recently, a Nuclear Age, but as the Age of the Tranquilizer. We

friend of our family said that her life was not enjoyable live in an age when mental health is challenged as any more because she felt that emotionally she was never before.

coming "unglued."Naturally, we would like to do all in our power to

Statistics indicate that approximately one out of preserve our own mental stability and health. A

four people in the general population will undergo pressing question is, What shall we do? And, spehospitalization or intensve mental treatment at some cifically, What is the relationship between our religion

time during their lifetime. It is estimated that emoand mental health?

tional disturbances cause 50 percent of industry's Many people claim that since religions teach about absenteeism—a loss of about five billion dollars ansin and its effects, large numbers of believers are led

nually. Some medical doctors estimate that from 50 to suffer from overwhelming burdens of guilt and thus

to 70 percent of all their patients suffer from maladies become mentally upset and ill. In fact, one of the

that have a psychological rather than physiological most prevalent theories of psychoanalysis (Freudian) origin. has rested on the idea that neurosis stems from a "too

The pressures of our time do not help this situation. severe superego,"which is the product of "too strenuDr. Joe J.

Christensen

'Illustrated fay Jerry Thompson, Maurice Scanlon

ous socialization at the hands of harsh, unloving active than among the population as a whole.

parents, a demanding religion, and/or society."1 A few shreds of data bear to some extent on this

As Latterday Saints, we recognize that we belong question of the relationship of our religion and mental to a church that has a definite system of values and health. During World War II, thousands of American

doctrines. Contained within this system are specific men were rejected as unfit for military duty on medical

standards of conduct relative to morals, clean living, grounds. Of those rejected throughout the nation as

and health. Some persons have charged that these a whole, 17.7 percent failed to qualify due to what

high standards and prohibitions tend to cause undue was termed "mental illness."During the same conguilt feelings and thus lead to mental breakdowns, or flict, those rejected in Utah for the same reason

mental illness. If true, this is a serious indictment. In constituted 12.0 percent of the total. 2 In other words,

light of this, let us consider the relationship of our a ratio of almost half again as many were rejected religion to mental health. nationally for mental illness as in the state of Utah. It is

Is there evidence to indicate that the incidence of understood that Latterday Saints cannot be given mental problems is higher among members of the total credit or blame for all that occurs within the

Church than the population at large? Undoubtedly, state; but since members of the Church constitute a

more research ought to be done in this area. A hymajority of the population in Utah, certainly the

pothesis that ought to be tested is that the gospel of

Jesus Christ is essentially therapeutic from a mental Dr. Joe J. Christensen, high councilor of the University

health standpoint in the lives of those willing to apply First Stake, has been director of the Salt Lake Institute of Religion adjacent to the University of Utah. He was

its principles in their lives. In other words, if true, recently called by the First Presidency to serve as a

there should be fewer incidents of mental illness, mission president.

proportionately, among Latterday Saints who are

Era, June 1970 5

all that I must do To live with him some day.""Th6f*G C3PI bG QfGat Teach me

If you will analyze those lyrics from a philosophical, thGrapGUtiC ValUG in COnfGSSiOn theological, and even a mentalhealth standpoint, the concepts can be effective in adding a new dimension life. What is man? He is a childand repentanCG"of meaning and joy to

of God. His life is purposeful. Family relationships

are important. Learning and practicing the principles

of the gospel can bring us back across the chasm of

Church has some direct influence on such data. death into the presence of God the Father again.

It is interesting to note how the average number of Anyone who believes these lines does not experience daily resident patients in state mental hospitals the feelings of estrangement, alienation, and aimlessthroughout the country compares with that of the ness that plague many people in our generation, state of Utah, where members of the Church consti- 2. The gospel can help us gain or retain mental

tute the majority. One study, prepared by the Joint health by encouraging us to be honest with ourselves,

Information Service of the American Psychiatric Assoor in other words, to avoid hypocrisy.

ciation and the National Association for Mental Health, The gospel of Jesus Christ teaches that we should indicated that the number of average daily resident avoid the duplicity of attempting to be something patients in public mental hospitals per 100,000 civilian that we really are not. Jesus suggested to the woman

population was 61.0 in 1964 and 54.8 in 1966 in Utah, taken in adultery that she go her way and sin no more,

compared with a national average of 262.3 in 1964 and However, he did this after challenging the hypocrisy

237.9 in 1966. Utah has consistently been ranked 51st of her accusers by suggesting that he who was without

in comparison with all other states and the District of sin should be the first to cast a stone. The Savior's

Columbia for many years. Thus, one could be led to attitude toward practically any type of sinner was

question the charges that a demanding religion decompassionate. Repentance can heal so much. Howstroys mental health. ever, he spoke most emphatically of the scribes and

The statistical data, limited as it is, does not indicate Pharisees—hypocrites!

that Mormons are being driven wholesale into mental "Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites!

institutions. I believe that potentially the teaching for ye are like unto whited sepulchres, which indeed

and practices of the Church are more therapeutic than appear beautiful outward, but are within full of dead destructive when it comes to the believer's mental men's bones, and of all uncleanness.

health, for the following reasons "Even so ye also outwardly appear righteous unto 1. The gospel helps us find meaningful answers to men, but within ye are full of hypocrisy and iniquity."

life's most pressing problems. (Matt. 23:2728.

The philosopher Immanuel Kant, in his Critique of One of the basic concepts of the message of Christ

Pure Reason, indicates that "the whole interest of is that at some future time nothing will be hidden, reason, speculative as well as practical, is centered in Luke says: "Beware ye of the leaven of the Pharisees,

the three following questions: 1. What can I know? which is hypocrisy.

2. What ought I to do? 3. What may I hope?"Later, "For there is nothing covered, that shall not be

writing on logic, he mentioned that these three quesrevealed; neither hid, that shall not be known,

tions could be unified into one: "What is man?""Therefore whatsoever ye have spoken in darkness

Anyone who has come to know and believe the shall be heard in the light; and that which ye have

gospel has found some meaningful answers to each spoken in the ear in closets shall be proclaimed upon of these fundamental questions. For me, as a believhousetops."(Luke 12:1-3.)

ing parent, it's a thrill to know that early in my child's And James says that "a double minded man is unlife he is taught these concepts in Primary and Sunday stable in all his ways."( Jas. 1:8.

School. The gospel teaches us to be genuinely one by making

Do you recall the words of "I Am a Child of God"? our lives as clean and transparent as possible. A

great amount of emotional stress comes from being "I am a child of God, And he has sent me here, one thing and attempting to convince others that we

Has given me an earthly home With parents kind and are something else.

dear. 3. We should become aware of the blessing of the

Lead me, guide me, walk beside me, Help me find great principle of repentance.

the way. Were we willing to take advantage of it fully, each

week as we participate in the simple elements of the image and assists in making life a meaningful and sacrament, we would find a meaningful, and I sugpurposeful experience. This feeling and opportunity

gest therapeutic, opportunity for introspection, selfcan come to anyone who is willing and able to serve.

analysis, and renewal. Unfortunately, there are This same blessing can extend throughout life. In

probably many who do not take full advantage of this my opinion, one of the pressing mental health probopportunity to buttress their own selfimage and lems of the future will be found in the area of mental stability. geriatrics and among that increasing proportion of

The Lord has promised us that "he who has repented our population that will live long after age 65 and of his sins, the same is forgiven, and I, the Lord, remandatory retirement. Those who reach the golden

member them no more."(D&C 58:42.) years with good mental and physical health and who

There can be great therapeutic value in confession suddenly find themselves without the time and interestand repentance. To illustrate this point: while serving consuming daily work they had known for so long

as a bishop and an institute director, I became achave a real challenge in maintaining a mental balance quainted with a young freshman student, a member of and adjusting to what for many is a traumatic exmy ward. Several times during the first two months perience.

of school I noticed that he was having difficulty with In this area, the Church offers opportunity to lose his studies. He just didn't seem able to settle down oneself and thus find oneself in service, leadership,

to the rigors of successful scholarship. He always genealogy, and temple work. We can be grateful

seemed perplexed and aloof. Several times I saw him that the Church does not espouse the concept of

loitering just outside the classroom door. Finally he superannuation (or retirement) of its leaders at age

mustered courage and asked if he could talk to me 65. Had this been our policy, we would have totally

privately. missed the administration of such men as Joseph

During that interview he told me a story regarding Fielding Smith, David O. McKay, George Albert

his past immoral sexual behavior. His feelings of Smith, Lorenzo Snow, and Wilford Woodruff. There is

sinfulness and guilt weighed so heavily upon his mind an important place for almost everyone to lose himself that he was almost immobilized academically and, for in the great cause of the Church of Jesus Christ and that matter, socially and spiritually. He had carried thus find himself throughout his entire life.

this mental burden for about 12 months. His guilt 5. The structure of the Church has provided a

feelings finally caused him to seek counseling, and in means for sharing one's problems with others in a it, apparently, he found the release that made his counseling or cathartic setting.

repentance meaningful. I remember of no single As in the early Church in apostolic times, the intent

example of change that caused such a remarkable of the Church today is to remain essentially a smalltransformation in a person's life. He became more group movement. For this reason, action is taken

successful in school and began to exert the leadership to divide a ward after it reaches a proportion that in his church that his talents suggested he could exert. would enable two smaller wards to function in its

He is now a happier, less dependent, and more sucplace. At least one of the reasons for this kind of

cessful human being than he would have been had not mitosis is to provide a community of saints small his conscience prodded him to repentance, catharsis, enough that most active people can become acquainted and transformation. personally with a majority of the members of the ward.

4. There is value from a mental health standpoint In this setting we are given the social and spiritual

in "losing"oneself in a good cause and thus "finding"environment in which we may feel free to confess our oneself. sins one to another and receive the therapeutic strength

To my knowledge, no religion provides as many that can come from such catharsis. Our testimony

opportunities for service as does ours, with its conmeetings can provide this kind of unstructured situacept of lay leadership. This experience is meaningful tion. The function seems to be indicated in the Docfor anyone who has a conviction that this faith is what trine and Covenants: "But remember that on this, the

it claims to be—divinely established. Our scriptures Lord's day, thou shalt offer thine oblations and thy

tell us that "men should be anxiously engaged in a sacraments unto the Most High, confessing thy sins good cause, and do many things of their own free unto thy brethren, and before the Lord."(D&C 59:12.

will, and bring to pass much righteousness."(D&C Italics added.)

58:27.) Teachers, leaders, and particularly bishops are

A feeling that one is accepted as a respected part available for this kind of sharing also. Whether one

of a most important movement helps build one's selfshoulders a burden of guilt, grief, or mental anguish,

Era, June 1970 7

bishops are specially called, authorized, willing, and he (with or without 'assistance') begins to accept his capable of sharing their time and effort in assisting guilt and his sinfulness, the possibility of radical one to find a solution to his problems. The bishop reformation opens up; and with this, the individual

is a key person when moral transgression and fellowmay legitimately, though not without pain and effort, ship in the Church are involved. Many other teachers pass from deep, pervasive selfrejection and selftorture

and leaders spend a good share of their time listening to a new freedom of selfrespect and peace."3

and helping. The Church organization provides the 6. Finally, the Lord promised us peace "not as the

structure and teaches concepts of right and wrongworld giveth."In the Gospel of John ( 14:27 ), the Lord

sin and righteousness. A member of the Church can said, "Peace I leave with you, my peace I give

know when he has done wrong and how he should unto you: not as the world giveth, give I unto you.

live. To have a concept that there is such a thing as Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be

sin and thus wrongdoing can be genuine strength to a afraid."I believe he speaks of an inner mental and

person's mental wellbeing. spiritual peace that can strengthen one whether he

Recently, Dr. O. Hobart Mowrer spoke on the faces the trauma of physical suffering in a miserable

subject "Sin and Psychiatry."In a sense, he acted foxhole in Vietnam or that of a guiltridden life in the

as the spokesman for a relatively recent trend in environs of one's home.

psychotherapy that, for the first time in almost half Recently I received an interesting letter from a a century, recognizes the validity of a concept of sin young man, a member of the Church, who is serving and the therapeutic value of sincere repentance. No a sentence in the Utah State Penitentiary. I believe he

person who has internalized a standard of conduct indicated rather effectively the therapeutic value of can willfully violate it and carry guilt internally withthe religious principle of repentance to which the out doing some psychic damage. The unloading of concept of sin and feelings of guilt lead one. He wrote:

these feelings through confession and then one's "As you can see, the Latterday Saints, even in making restitution where possible can contribute prison are becoming closer to God and Jesus Christ, greatly to mental health. than ever before. Most of these men are like myself,

Dr. Mowrer discusses this problem in his book The whom [sic] have lead [sic] every type of miserable

Crisis in Psychiatry and Religion. He states: life known, and when the turning point comes, more

"For several decades we psychologists looked upon and more of us are turning to God and Jesus Christ... one of the greatest singlethe whole matter of sin and moral accountability as a for forgiveness of our sins

great incubus and acclaimed our liberation from it as factors in rehabilitating the men here is the returning epochmaking. But at length we have discovered that to and accepting of God and Jesus Christ.

to be 'free'in this sense, i.e., to have the excuse of "I myself, through The Church of Jesus Christ of

being 'sick'rather than sinful, is to court the danger Latterday Saints, have found the only peace of mind of also becoming lost. This danger is, I believe, beby living the gospel, and many of the men feel as

tokened by the widespread interest in Existentialism I do, that prison is the place to start and not wait which we are presently witnessing. In becoming until we are outside."There is a therapeutic value in

amoral, ethically neutral, and 'free,'we have cut the having a system of values based on law with which very roots of our being; lost our deepest sense of selfour lives conform.

hood and identity; and, with neurotics themselves, Maslow has written that the "ultimate disease of our

find ourselves asking: Who am I? What is my destiny? time is valuelessness. It is a state variously described

What does living ( existence ) mean?... as amorality, restlessness, emptiness, alienation, hope-

"But what is here generally overlooked, it seems, is lessness, the lack, in short, of something to believe in that recovery (constructive change, redemption) is and be devoted to. 'We need a validated, usable

most assuredly attained, not by helping a person reject system of human values that we can believe in and than rather true they are to because devote ourselves accept his him rise sins, but by helping aboveand "faith.'have and to believe we are exhorted at all because not which is the paradox we have Thisthem.

understood and which is the very crux of the. problem. We have that system of values in our religion, and

Just so long as a person lives under the shadow of real, these values can help us have and enjoy greater mental O acknowledged, and unexpiated guilt, he cannot ( if he health. FOOTNOTES

has any character at all) 'accept himself; and all our 1 O. Hobart Mowrer, The Crisis in Psychiatnj and Religion (Princeton:

p. 49. Co., 1961), Nostrand Van nothing. War will Utah, World avail of State accept System, reassure toefforts Service him and "Selective Rich, Arnold H

150. p. Director, 1946, State of Report 2(194047)"II suffer the into himself hate and to 5254."will continue cit., i op.He pp. Mowrer, and Row, Harper York: Values (New in 4 Human Knowledge New the selfhatred. But moment of consequencesevitable vii. p. 1959),

Artist Tom Love// at work

"These were days never to be maxim, 'A true tale speeds best material for the painting, one of forgotten."Thus wrote Oliver Cowbeing plainly told,'but had he the nation's more scholarly illusdery pertaining to the spring of heard of it and adopted it as his trators, Tom Lovell of Norwalk,

1829, when he and the Prophet motto, he could not have followed Connecticut, has evaluated careJoseph were witnesses to sacred it more closely than unconsciously fully the historic references to this things. Together they heard the he has done in his narrative. He great moment in the history of the

voice of the Lord, handled the gold seems to have put one object in Church.

plates, had the hands of John the view, and that is to get on record While Joseph Smith's narrative

Baptist placed upon their heads. the plain truth pertaining to the is "plainly told,"Oliver Cowdery's

This last scene jolts the mind with coming forth of the work of God."1 writings seem to burst forth with

its portent: heaven and earth A painting of this scene of John marvelous exclamations: "What

merged through physical contact the Baptist conferring the Aaronic joy! What wonder! What amazewith an angel. Priesthood upon Joseph Smith and ment!"2 And his poignant pen

Joseph Smith recorded little Oliver Cowdery has been commoves on to say: "On a sudden,

regarding the grandeur of this pleted and is to be included with as from the midst of eternity, the astonishing experience. Indeed, other graphic displays in the new voice of the Redeemer spake peace

his writing regarding this hallowed visitors center at Independence, to us, while the veil was parted and occasion was so simple and cirMissouri. In gathering background the angel of God came down

cumspect as to provoke comment by the editor of the footnotes in Richard J. Marshall, who serves in a liaison capacity with the Church InformaThe [Documentary] History of the tion Service Committee, is first counselor in the University First Stake, a stake

Church, who years later wrote: "He for University of Utah students.

[Joseph] may never have heard the

Era, June 1970 9 "Our eyes beheld—our ears heard.

We listened, we gazed, we admired!"

glitter under the study of honest eyes. clothed with glory and delivered day'; yes, more—above the

the anxiously lookedfor message, of the May sunbeam, which then Perhaps an additional answer and the keys of the Gospel of reshed its brilliancy over the face of lies in the typical exclamation of pentance."5 The visualization of nature! Then his voice, though a stranger who, in completing a

this is a monumental challenge mild, pierced to the center, and tour of the visitors center on Temto an artist, as it has been to both his words, 'I am thy fellowservant,'ple Square in Salt Lake City reJoseph and Oliver. One said dispelled every fear. We listened, cently, turned to her guide and

it simply and profoundly. The we gazed, we admired! 'Twas the exclaimed: "You Mormons rea//y

other was swept away by the magvoice of an angel from glory believe all this, don't you? You've

nificence of the moment. The 'twas a messenger from the Most made all these wonderful paintings

artist's challenge has been to High, and as we heard we rejoiced, and statues and created these blend both moods. while His love enkindled upon our great scenes because you really

In selecting a setting for such souls, and we were rapt in the believe it!"

an experience, the artist procured vision of the Almighty! Where was When a missionary holds up a

historic photographs of the banks room for doubt? Nowhere; uncerpicture of Joseph Smith in the

of the Susquehanna River from tainty had fled, doubt had sunk, no Sacred Grove or a photograph of glass negatives photographed over more to rise, while fiction and the Salt Lake Tabernacle interior eighty years ago. Other examples deception had fled forever...."5 overflowing with conferencegoers,

of the rich flora found along the Upon reading these things and something wonderful happens. He

slowmoving Susquehanna were with the enormity of the project has a greater conviction himself, reviewed. Few students of Church before him, the artist (who has for he is dealing with something

history, reading from afar, can proved himself a master of rehe can see. He intertwines the

of his feelings with the striking realizeis—stretchingwhat a overpleasantfour riverhundredthis ofcreatingpaintingshistory,forincludingNationala seriesGeopower of his words and the depth

miles from Otsego Lake in central graphic magazine) began to sketch impression of the visualization he

New York to Chesapeake Bay. It is the woods and water. He confessed has received. Not a crutch, but an

a wide, shallow stream, with deep that he had reached an ultimate aid, these great illustrations of pools and pockets that become challenge: to paint an angel with Christ, of the prophets, of things

murky with depth as they reflect an "inner light, dressed in white, divine, forge powerful mental back the dull goldgreen of the standing in broad day."images. They are the artist's senbedrock bottom. It was beside this But why all this effort to porsitive portrayal of true incidents

slowly flowing river that two young tray a scene that might have even as they may have been.

men knelt on May 15, 1829, remore meaning in the mind's eye This new painting of Joseph solved to "inquire of the Lord if it were merely read about? Why Smith and Oliver Cowdery under

respecting baptism for the remispaint it if, upon reading the testithe hands of John the Baptist cansion of sins, that we found menmony of Joseph Smith or Oliver not help but thrust a sharp image tioned in the translation of the Cowdery, a mental theater could that must linger deep in the mind plates."4 be stirred awake, or if, upon hearof the beholder. It did happen!

They were secluded and suring such a scene described by misAnd Latterday Saints 141 years rounded. Each had spiritually presionaries, the investigator could later can view this grand scene and

pared himself. But who can say if easily grasp a mental image, retestify that God continues to reeven Joseph, with his overwhelminforced by ringing words? The veal himself and his works to men

ing faith, was really prepared for answer is simple: the scene is in these latter days. O

this astounding ministration by a stunning. It presents a bold and 1 Documentary FOOTNOTESHistory of the Church, Vol.

42. p.

Vol. resurrected man? Of this moment uncompromising claim. How much 1, 2note,DHC,

3 Ibid. Oliver wrote: "Our eyes beheld better to lay it out to view and -l 1, p. 43.

our ears heard. As in a 'blaze of scrutiny, knowing that it will stand 5 JosephDHC, Vol.Smith1, 2:68.note p. 43.

10 Era, June 1970 \\f Wfm (Reflection By Kathleen Fellows

Illustration by Richard Hull

Once the school doors opened and the halls had freed their contents, his pace became steady, not interrupted by a slowwalking chum or the need to stop and exchange goodbyes with a buddy. His pace

hadn't been interrupted for a long time and wasn't even now. He simply reversed his direction and

returned, backtracking his steps. He reentered the

schoolyard and continued on into the building for the forgotten spelling book.

The halls were empty, sounding only of his tennis shoes on wooden floors. He passed through the halls

to room 12, where the sound of his footsteps met with the sound of voices; on hearing his name from behind

the door, he removed his hand from the knob and listened. "But Marge, what do you do with a child like that?

I've been teaching sixth grade for 12 years, and in all that time I've never encountered a problem like the

Conway boy. He's just more trouble than he's worth."

&t

The voices faded as he turned and went out the set. (He's more trouble than he's worth... more

back way and through the schoolyard. His pace was trouble than he's worth... more trouble... ) The

set again, steady but more intense. A dog, white and skin pulled tight over a blue vein protruding at his

very small, bounded up, yapping at his heels. He temple, and a child, only 12, took on the countenance

glared down at it, sneering, and his pace was broken. of a man old with hatred.

He pulled his foot back, aimed for the dog's stomach, That reflection of Jeff Conway was the sum total and kicked. The pup doubled up on the pavement, of everything he had ever seen, heard, said, and done,

whining, and watched as the boy continued down the all processed by the subconscious and fed to the selfsidewalk and around the corner. concept. "As a man thinketh in his heart, so is he."

"And just exactly where have you been, young Jeff Conway didn't have a chance. Like every man,

man? How many times has mother told you to come he was what his selfconcept said he was. And in

straight home after school? Huh? How many times?"Jeff's case it was no good.

"Just leave me alone, will you! Where's mom?"It hadn't always been that bad, although he might

"Don't be smart, and what about football practice? be considered an overactive boy—and his associates

Are you going to miss that because you can't be responded to his overactivity by informing him of it, bothered to come home after school?"either in word or action. Their words and actions

"Wow, you think you're so big, don't you! Well, showed disapproval, and disapproval was translated

you're only my sister, not the queen of the world, and into the word bad. They said he was bad, and the

besides, I started straight home but I had to go back information was filed under selfconcept. He complied

for my spelling book."with his image, and his associates responded further.

"Your spelling book, huh! Well, where is it then? He responded even further, they complied, he reWhere is it? You never do anything you're told!"sponded, and one day his mirror shouted, "You're no

"What's going on here?"good, and you just get worse and worse,"and Jeff

"Mother, Jeff's late again, and you've told him and Conway believed it.

told him to come straight home after school. Doesn't His eyes bore into the eyes of his accuser, and with

he have to mind like the rest of us?"set jaw and clenched teeth, Jeff Conway turned his

"That's right, Jeff, and your behavior had better back on himself and walked away....

change, little boy, and fast, or your father will see that It was a pass. Jeff Conway opened his arms and

it does."reached. (Don't forget, Conway, you're no good and

A bedroom door slammed, and a battered pair of you just get worse and worse..., and the ball passed

tennis shoes was dashed against the closet. His face between the fingers of a selfimage. But it was Conway

was void of all expression. Searching the floor for that the Little League coach was yelling at:

rubber cleats, Jeff caught sight of his reflection in the "Of all the stupid things, Conway! What's the matter

fulllength mirror on the closet door. His eyes moved with you? How can you ever expect to play football

up the length of the reflected body. It wasn't an if you don't reach for that ball? That was a stupid

unusually slight or unusually large body. It was that thing and don't forget it!"And he didn't.

of a boy with yellow hair, blue eyes, and a hole in Practice was over, and as always, the boys grouped his sock. His hair was mussed, his face smudged, and together to pass the distance to home in rapid chatter

that's about all. The eyes of the boy and his reflection about tomorrow's big game. A lone Jeff Conway folfinally met. They met and locked. There was no lowed behind, his eyes watching, his mind listening.

expression on either face. (I've been teaching sixth "Jeff! Wait for me! Can I walk with you as far

grade for 12 years, and in all that time I never enas Maple?"Little Tony Davis came puffing up from

countered a problem like the Conway boy. ) The eyes behind with his offer of friendship. It was offered

bore into each other. The lower lip began to quiver and met by a reflected image of "you're no good, Con-

(He's just more trouble than he's worth) but was way,"and after a quick, unkind remark, Tony Davis checked between clenched teeth. (You never do anydropped behind Jeff and the crowd of boys....

thing you re told.) His jaw pushed out and became "Okay, Jensen, get in there and take Downes'

place."Kathleen Fellows, an English major at the University of Jensen went into the game and Downes came out,

Utah and Sunday School teacher in the Monument Park and Conway watched. Dixon made a touchdown and

this after Eighth story wrote discovering Ward, that the coach praised him. Johnson fumbled and the

is often "selfconcept the governing factor in human behavior."coach humiliated him so that he couldn't play for

beans for the rest of the game, and Conway watched.

Era, June 1970 13

The score didn't change very ofen, but when it and even the worst player couldn't lose it for them.

did, it was in their favor—now 14-0. Less than five And after all, the coach boasted of being a fair man.

minutes remained, and even the worst player couldn't Conway was given Jordan's place as right end. There

lose the game for them—and after all, the coach boasted was the usual running, jumping, and squashing, and it

of being a fair man. Conway was given Jordan's place was Conway's turn to run. (Don't forget, Conway,

as right end. you're no good... no good... no good...

The other team had the ball and forged ahead—11'He didn't go far, almost five yards, but they cheered

yards in four downs, 10 to go; 13 yards, 10 to go. They—and cheers equaled approval. The gun sounded and

decided to move for a pass. The opposing fullback the field was cleared. Each team did its cheers, the

reached and touched the ball—1, 2, 3 seconds—and winners with a bit more enthusiasm, and groups formed

dropped it. The ball bounced and Conway autoto pass the distance home. The coach gathered up his

matically jumped on it. Five other players reacted debris at the sideline. One lone Jeff Conway resimilarly, but Conway was first. mained on a very deserted field.

The only thing stronger than the pain was the "That was a great five yards you took out there, sound of gong and the chimes and the sledge hamConway. You're a good boy to have around. See you

mers. One by one, the blanket of bodies removed at practice Monday afternoon."The coach walked to

themselves. Slowly, legs and arms managed to prop the his car, leaving a little boy in the middle of a very

body up far enough to maintain balance. Then Jeff deserted field.

was up, and for eight and a half seconds, they cheered. Jeff watched as the car moved out. There was no

Jeff looked up at the crowd, and to his total amazescreaming, ordering, coaching, calling out, or cheering ment, they were looking at him. now. Just silence. A young boy stood in the middle

"Way to go, Conway! Way to recover!"of a deserted field and slowly turned to see the silent

The gun had sounded, though, and now the mothers surroundings.

and fathers patted each other on the backs. The reLooking up into the empty bleachers, he heard the

covery and the boy were forgotten, but Jeff Conway cheers, faint at first, growing louder. Soon faces

gulped in the center of an empty field. An insignificant began to materialize, and they were all looking at him.

recovery had resulted in eight and a half seconds of Jeff looked back to the field, and a football team insignificant cheering, but the reflection had heard, appeared. A scoreboard with no numbers suddenly

and every second was replayed often between the showed an 1818 score, and its broken clock ticked field and home. off the remaining seconds in a dreamer's game.

"How was the game, Jeff?"But he had shut the Then 9,12,3,7,2-hut, and a boy in a silver suit

bedroom door silently. Searching the floor for battered clutched the ball and ran. The crowd cheered as the

tennis shoes, he caught his reflection in the fulllength giant left his attackers dropping along the wayside.

mirror on the closet door. His eyes very slowly moved 19 yards, 20, 25. The crowd roared. Who was this

up the body until two pairs of very blue eyes met. wonder boy soaring down the field untouched? 60

They met and locked, just staring, not saying anything yards, 65, 70, 75, and 80. The crowd went wild.

—but there was the faint urge of questioning in their They jumped and screamed, and the confetti fell like

silence, and for the first time in a very long while, the snow. The ghost players lifted the hero in the silver

selfimage of a 12year-old boy with very blue eyes suit to their shoulders amid hysterical cries of "Conhad the chance to question. Maybe there was still way, Conway, we love you!"

a chance after all. The subconscious was scarred with But the confetti all fell, and the faces, one by one,

grooves, made deep with repetition of You're more taking their exultations with them, slowly faded, and trouble than you're worth. You're no good, and you a small boy stood in a very large field. Jeff looked from

just get worse and worse. This new addition, eight row to row, empty except for a gum wrapper shuffling

and a half seconds of cheering, was very short and in the breeze. He turned to a scoreboard that had no

made only a slight indentation, but it was there, the numbers and a clock that was broken. He was alone.

most recent, the newest, and the freshest, and it He stood and listened to the silence, while a nevercouldn't be ignored. stopping subconscious did some processing. (You're a

A week followed that Saturday, and another Saturgood boy... a good boy... you're a good boy...

day followed the week. a good hoy. ) Then Jeff Conway walked across a

"Get him, Jensen, get him!"Jensen got him and deserted field and out the gate.

the ball was theirs. "Go, Dixon, go!"And Dixon went. A week followed that Saturday, and the second day

Now, well into the fourth quarter, they were 19-0, was Monday. Jeff got up, grabbed his books, and ran.

An unkempt figure dashed across the fulllength "Stop screaming like an idiot and don't slam that mirror on the closet door and caught his attention. door!"

Two blue eyes slowly moved up the length of the And a small boy silently turned back toward the reflected body, and the eyes of a boy and his reflection front door.

finally met. They met and locked. (You're more The eyes wore pain, but they were not vacant, as

trouble than you're worth... you're stupid... cheers he sat on the front porch and watched a cloudless sky.

= approval... you're a good hoy.) The reflection A cold stone, huge and heavy, formed in the pit of

combed his hair and washed his face.... his stomach and sat there.

"Class, put everything away now, and number your For a long time he sat and watched a cloudless sky.

papers from 1 to 10."Monday mornings meant a test. Suddenly he stood up, walked to the lawn, bent down,

After each question was asked, Jeff wrote, and the and pulled with everything he had. His fingers

teacher was surprised. He hadn't so much as made worked, and weed after weed was thrown on an everthe pretense of trying before, and now he was writing. growing pile. Two hours passed, and he pulled withMaybe he wasn't answering the questions, but he was out breaking pace. The lawn was finally cleared of

at least doing an excellent job of faking it. The papers the strangled leaves. Then it was mowed, and the

were collected. Jeff's paper was numbered from 1 to driveway and walks were swept. It was dark, and a

10 with 10 answers, and the teacher was surprised. small boy with hands green and raw silently entered

Monday lunch periods for a teacher meant correctthrough the front door, closing it behind him with ing the tests, and Monday afternoons meant passing care, and two very blue eyes looked pleadingly at a them back. A bell declared the end of a rough day, mother.

with milk money collection, lunch money collection, Finally it came. "Thank you, Jeff."

supply requisitions, and all. Classwork ended. As the Suddenly the pain was gone, and the expressionless

students'names were called, they got up and received glare faded away. And a 12year-old boy went in to

their papers on their way out the door. Jeff was last. eat his supper. O

Red pencil marked his test "60%."

"You did very well on your test, Jeff. See, you can

do it if you try. You can do it."And a subconscious

processed the data as a boy with blue eyes walked out the door, through the schoolyard, and straight home.

A 12year-old boy, for the first time, knew what it was to be a someone—not anyone important, perhaps,

but a someone. On Saturday the coach's pats on the

back and the cheers from the bleachers again said, "You're a someone."

"Boys, you've all seen how well Conway's been playing lately. Well, his progress has been so excellent

that starting next week, he'll play offense on the first string."Wow! The sky spun, the trees danced, and two very

blue eyes were almost full. Full of water partly, full

of happiness partly, but mostly full of life. The expressionless glare had slowly moved to the background

over the weeks, and now it faded beyond detectionstill there, but undetectable.

Jeff bypassed the three blocks between the field and home, making the distance almost immediately. His

whole body tightened with the excitement. "Wow!

Wait till mom hears about this!"His fingernails cut

into soft palms. "Wow! Just wait till she hears!"His

fists tightened with the excitement until his fingernails bit into his skin, but he didn't know it. He had to get

home. "Mom, mom, where are you? Wait till you hear!"

Era, June 1970 15

Zion's Ten cAcres By Carter E. Grant

Illustration by Jerry Pulsipher

Temple Square in Salt Lake City Wednesday, July 28, 1847, President he was with the apostles on that is a place of beauty as well as hisBrigham Young led several of the important occasion and both saw torical and spiritual significance. twelve apostles northward from and heard President Young select

Members are often asked how their camp to a certain spot bethe exact place where the temple particular buildings and monuments tween the two forks of City Creek. was to stand. "I put a stake there,"

past and present fit into the rich There, planting his cane firmly in he said, "and the temple is there, a history of the Church. the sagebrushcovered ground, he monument to President Young's

The numbers on the accompanydeclared, "Here will be the temple foresite [sic] and prophetic acing illustration indicate the approxiof our God!"curacy."(Matthias F. Cowley, Wilmate location and chronological Fiftyone years later, on July 24, ford Woodruff, Bookcraft, 1964, p.

order in which these edifices and 1898, while delivering an address 620.

monuments were placed on "the at the dedicatory services of Pio- (2) On Saturday, July 31, 1847,

Crossroads of the West."neer Park, President Wilford WoodPresident Young directed that the

(1) Shortly before sundown, ruff declared with emphasis that tall sagebrush be cleared from the southeast corner of the chosen

Temple Square. Here a bowery, 28

Carter E. Grant, patriarch of the Sandy (Utah) Stake, is a retired seminary

teacher and former editorial associate of the Era. by 40 feet, was built. Rows of poles

were set upright in the ground;

then horizontal poles were fastened

a )

having boards and planks for seats.

At one end of the bowery was a large stage with curtains.

"To this opensided, lowroofed community center, flocked the Saints on the Sabbath day for worship; to it also; they gathered

to attend amusements and celebrations. The Triumph of Innocents

and other plays were presented as early as 1848, accompanied by Pitt's

Brass Band—an organization that

had won acclaim both in Nauvoo and upon the plains."(See Carter

E. Grant, The Kingdom of God Restored, pp. 51116.

(4) Construction began May 21, 1851, on what is now known as the

Old Tabernacle. This structure, 62

by 100 feet, had adobe walls and a gable roof covered with white pine shingles. This was an allweather structure, contrasted to the

openair boweries. It ran north

and south and seated 2,500 people.

On April 6, 1852, during the spring conference, it was dedicated by

President Young's second counselor,

President Willard Richards. The

building was overcrowded, and many Saints stood by the open doors and windows. This building

was torn down in 1870 to make way for the Assembly Hall.

to these poles and covered over a member of the Twelve, began (5) Between August 3, 1852, with leafy boughs, giving protection laying out Great Salt Lake City ( as and May 23, 1857, a 13foot-high against the hot sun (but not the it was known until January 1868) protective wall of masonry was coming fall storms). Logs were with its tenacre blocks and eightbuilt around Temple Square. The

dragged from City Creek canyon rod streets. He gave the elevation of stone base was three feet thick, and

to be used for seats. At one end of the southeast corner of the block as the upper part was constructed of

this community center—the first of 4,300 feet, its latitude as 40 deadobe, glazed over with lime plasits kind in the Rocky Mountains—grees, 45 minutes, and 44 seconds ter. It was capped with sandstone

stage and speaker's platform was north of the equator, and seven blocks three feet three inches long, prepared from the top beds of hours, 25 minutes, 46 seconds west two and a half feet wide, and eight pioneer wagons. of Greenwich. inches thick. This high wall, most

The next day being their second (3) By the time the winter of which has been painstakingly

Sabbath in their new settlement, the storms of 1847 closed the pioneer reconstructed as the need has pioneers, who now numbered more trails eastward, more than 2,000 arisen, stands in the very heart of than 400, held their second sacraSaints had reached the Great Salt Salt Lake City, and still lends an mental service in the Salt Lake Lake Valley. In the spring of 1848 atmosphere of seclusion to many

Valley. the sagebrush was cleared from the thousands of Temple Square visOn Monday, August 2, beginning southwest corner of Temple Square itors.

in or near this bowery, Orson Pratt, and a much larger bowery erected, Returning to the grand building

Era, June 1970 17

Tourists—about 2.5 million yearly—view Temple gallery, 30 feet wide and 450 feet

long, that extended around three

Square as focal point of the Church sides of the building and rested upon 72 columns. On October 9.

1875, at the fall conference, President John Taylor of the Council of of Temple Square, the Salt Lake were Truman O. Angell and Joseph the Twelve dedicated the TaberTemple: At the semiannual general Don Carlos Young. Sculptor of the nacle.

conference of the Church, held in majestic figure of Moroni was Cyrus The massive arch framework of the Old Tabernacle in October E. Dallin. The size of the temple is the great dome room of the Taber1852, the Saints voted to begin 118M feet wide and I86J2 feet long. nacle, ten feet thick and constructed

building the Salt Lake Temple as (6) Now let us return to Temalmost entirely without nails or soon as weather conditions would ple Square in the spring of 1854. metal braces, was wedged together

permit. Accordingly, on February In the northwest corner a group securely with wooden pegs; the

14, 1853, although the ground was of men are digging trenches and numerous joints were then bound still frozen to a depth of six or eight laying the foundation for the Enfirmly with fresh rawhide, which inches and covered with an inch dowment House, built of adobe. contracted as it dried, giving a

or two of snow, one of the Church This was dedicated May 5, 1855, drumlike tightness that lends subleaders broke through the frost with by President Heber C. Kimball. stantially to the building's cele-

a pick and President Young This "House of the Lord,"as it was brated acoustical properties. Today,

shoveled aside a frozen block of often called, was razed in 1889 the dropping of a pin a few inches earth, about a foot square, officially after three temples had been dediat the pulpit is heard distinctly at beginning the work of excavation. cated in Utah—St. George, Logan. the farthermost end of the audiThe Deseret News commented: and Manti. torium.

"The day being pleasant many re- (7) During the winter of 1854- (9) The Assembly Hall, with its mained to work on the excavation, 55, at the same time the Endowfour gables and ornamented spires, and much earth was removed that ment House was under construction, is 68 by 120 feet and 130 feet to the afternoon."( February 19, 1853. the pioneers built what is known tallest spire. The building, which

Several thousand Saints witnessed as "the Huge Bowery"north of the seats 2,000, was begun in 1877 and as Brigham Young and his two Old Tabernacle. At general concompleted in 1880. President Joseph

counselors laid the southeast corference, April 6, 1855, it was stated F. Smith, second counselor to Presinerstone of the temple at the that 10,000 Saints were present. dent Wilford Woodruff, dedicated

bottom of a 16foot trench on April This great bowery later became a it on January 8, 1882.

6, 1853. Heber C. Kimball, first mammoth workshop for the build- (10) The first bureau of incounselor in the First Presidency, ers of the Salt Lake Tabernacle. formation on Temple Square was a

dedicated the cornerstone, follow- (8) In the early spring of 1863, small octagonal building, measuring which President Young directed under the direction of three divinely ing 20 feet across, and costing less the dedication of the other three inspired architects—Brigham Young, than $600 to build. Opened on

corners. William Folsom, and Henry Grow—August 4, 1902, it stood some 50

Thirtynine years later, on April 6, the Mormon Tabernacle, a huge feet directly north of the south gate.

1892, President Wilford Woodruff domeshaped house of worship, had The west part of the present dedicated the capstone, the round its beginning. Its outside measurebureau, standing east of the south

granite ball upon which stands the ments are 80 feet high, 150 feet gate, was built in 1919. Spacious

statue of Moroni. wide, and 250 feet long. exhibit additions, however, have

On April 6, 1893, 40 years to the The October conference of 1867 been added since that time.

day after the cornerstones were was held in the building, although (11 and 12) In 1911 two bronze laid, President Woodruff dedicated it wasn't quite finished at that time. statues, one of the Prophet Joseph

the completed temple. The temple The great pipe organ, which was Smith and the other of his brother

rises 222 feet to the top of the 12still under construction, was used Hyrum, were placed on granite foot figure of Moroni. It cost to accompany the singing, includbases on Temple Square southward

four million dollars in days when ing special numbers by the first from the temple. The sculptor was

a gallon of molasses would be pay Tabernacle Choir. The organ was Mahonri M. Young, grandson of

for a full day's labor. Its architects completed in 1870, as was the large Brigham Young.

(13) Honoring the "heavensent (16) A lifesize bronze monuthrilling story of the restoration of sea gulls"—the birds that aided the ment, portraying a struggling handthe gospel. The visitors center,

pioneers in a miraculous manner in cart family—father, mother, and two with its allimportant message, is

1848 to preserve their crops—the children—pushing and pulling a one of the focal points on this imLatter-day Saints unveiled this monwell-filled handcart, was placed portant ten acres.

ument on October 1, 1913. Sculpnorth of the Tabernacle in 1926. (21) In the openair dedicatory

tured by Mahonri M. Young, it However, in September 1960, to service south of the Tabernacle on

stands directly in front of the Asmake way for the new visitors cenSeptember 29, 1966, members of sembly Hall. At the top of a 15ter, the monument was moved to the Relief Society met to comfoot Doric column of granite is a the south side of Temple Square memorate the completion of the

granite globe on which rest two near the sea gull monument. It was Relief Society Memorial Campanile

sea gulls, weighing 500 pounds and sculptured by Torlif S. Knaphus.—a 35foot open tower erected to

having a wingspread of eight feet. (17) Honoring the Beehive girls preserve in full view the Nauvoo

Four bronze plaques at the base of on their Silver Jubilee in 1940, the Temple bell, which had hung in the the shaft portray a fitting repreYWMIA placed on Temple Square, center tower of the Nauvoo Temple.

sentation of the mercy of God to the north of the Bureau of Information, This bell was brought across the

Mormon pioneers. a small granite and bronze sundial. plains in 1847 by ox team to the

(14) Standing in the southeast (18) On October 10, 1958, old stockade, now Pioneer Park, in corner of Temple Square today is President David O. McKay dediSalt Lake City. Above the granite

one of the oldest log homes in Utah, cated the stately bronze monument base are four bronze plaques in erected in the Old Fort in 1847 by representing, the restoration of the basrelief, paying honor to the two brothers, Osmyn M. and WilAaronic Priesthood on May 15, Relief Society women of the

liam H. Duel. In 1915 the Daugh1829. The statue depicts John the Church. The upper part of the

ters of the Utah Pioneers placed it Baptist with his hands upon the monument is of grilled bronze to upon its present site near the spot heads of Joseph Smith and Oliver harmonize with the bronze bell.

where the pioneers built their first Cowdery. The monument's sculp- (22) The 100foot flagpole, in

bowery. tor was Avard Fairbanks. the center of the block (south of

(15) South of the temple is a (19 and 20) President David O. the temple), is flanked by four

monument to honor the three witMcKay dedicated the visitors center plaques (The Law, Government, nesses to the Book of Mormon buildingMarch7, 1963,setting it apart Liberty, and The Way), each golden records. Their testimony, as a temporary annex to the Salt bearing both ancient and modern

just as it is printed in the front of Lake Temple. It was so used until scripture. The American flag and

each copy of the Book of Mormon, the large granite annex on the north the Utah State flag are flown from is engraved on this monument, side of the temple was completed the flagpole. This addition to

which was sculptured by Avard on March 21, 1966. Temple Square was dedicated on

Fairbanks and placed on Temple Here at the visitors center milSeptember 17, 1968, by President

Square in 1926. lions come each year to hear the N. Eldon Tanner. O

Of the Five Then with the gentle daivn I snuff the glow,

Lie down, to rest, and dream of blessings near:

By Virginia Maughan Kammeyer The pastures green, the sins made white as snowUntil there comes a drumming in my ear.

Consider then, if, eager in the right,

I faithfully aivait my Master's call I sta?t, and wake, and hurry to the gate;

And keep my lantern burning through the night, Beat with my fists to be admitted in.

Before the doorway of the banquet hall—It cannot be that I have come too late! 1

I waited long! Oh, Lord, where ivas my sin?

Master, I did not ever hear thee say

That thou wouldst come unto the feast by day.

Era, June 1970 19 On April 6, 1970the 140th anniversary since the organization of The the Church in 1830President Joseph Fielding Smith was susSolemn tained in solemn assembly as the tenth Prophet, Seer, and Revelator, and President of The Church of cAssembly Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

By Jay M. Todd Assembled in the Tabernacle on

Assistant Managing Editor Temple Square in the 10 a.m. sesPhotos by Ralph Reynolds, sion of the 140th Annual General

Eldon Linschoten, Conference were representatives and Norman Price from nearly every stake, ward, and mission in the Church. They had

gathered to participate in one of the most thrilling, inspiring, and humbling experiences in Church government, the sustaining in solemn assembly of a new President of the Church, and members of the

First Presidency, Council of the

Twelve, and the Patriarch to the

Church as prophets, seers, and revelators.

In several revelations to the Prophet Joseph Smith, the Lord instructed him to "call your solemn assembly"(D&C 95:7; see also SecFirst Presidency tions 88 and 109). This voting

pattern has been used since the sustaining of President John Taylor in the 1880 general conference.

Such assemblies are times of commitment and dedication, times identified with an outpouring of the

Spirit upon those who participate, whether in person or through radio and television.

In the sustaining of the General

Authorities of the Church, the solemn assembly has become identified with a pattern of voting in which the major councils of priesthood government and the various quorums of the priesthood (assigned to different areas in the

Tabernacle) stand and vote independently with uplifted hands for each proposition, after which the congregation stands and votes.

Pictures of segments of the voting pattern are shown on these pages. The actual voting procedure

took about 35 minutes.

1—Genera/ Authorities, 2—Patriarchs, 3—High Priests, 4—Seventies, 5—Elders, 6 Aaronic Priesthood, 7—Genera/ membership

Hikk*A& tofcJvMRnwMm&tiln *mKL* aMKliljl JhMRsBmbv 3n.m11-.S.

Illustration by Jerry Pulsipher

Voting on the First Presidency: including the Patriarch to the 6. The elders of the Church rose,

Church, rose, voted on the three voted on the three proposals, and 1. The First Presidency arose proposals, and then were seated. then were seated.

and voted to sustain President 4. The high priests of the 7. The Lesser Priesthood of the

Joseph Fielding Smith as Prophet, Church, including the Assistants to Church rose, voted on the three

Seer, and Revelator, and President the Council of the Twelve, Regional proposals, and then were seated.

of The Church of Jesus Christ of Representatives of the Council of 8. The entire congregation, inLatter-day Saints; voted to sustain the Twelve, presidents of stakes cluding all those who had previousPresident Harold Bingham Lee as and their counselors, high counlv voted, rose, voted on the three

first counselor in the First Presicilors, Presiding Bishopric, and proposals, and then were seated.

dency; and voted to sustain Presiward bishoprics rose, voted on the

dent Nathan Eldon Tanner as three proposals, and then were Voting on the President of the second counselor in the First Presiseated. Council of the Twelve, the Acting

dency. They were then seated. 5. The seventies of the Church, President of the Council of the

2. The Council of the Twelve including the Presidents of the First Twelve, and members of the Counrose, voted on the above three proCouncil of the Seventy, rose, voted cil of the Twelve:

posals, and then was seated. on the three proposals, and then 1. The First Presidency rose,

3. The patriarchs of the Church, were seated. voted to sustain President Harold

Era, June 1970 21:JW8"Bingham Lee as President of the posals, and then was seated. In the

Council of the Twelve and Presimanner similar to that followed for dent Spencer Woolley Kimball as the voting of the First Presidency, acting President of the Council of the patriarchs, high priests, seventhe Twelve; voted to sustain as ties, elders, Lesser Priesthood, and

members of the Council of the entire congregation then voted, in

Twelve Spencer W. Kimball, Ezra turn, on these proposals.

Taft Benson, Mark E. Petersen,

Delbert L. Stapley, Marion G. Voting on the Patriarch to the

Romney, LeGrand Richards, RichChurch:

ard L. Evans, Hugh B. Brown, 1, The First Presidency rose,

Howard W. Hunter, Gordon B. voted to sustain Eldred G. Smith as

Hinckley, Thomas S. Monson, and Patriarch to the Church, and was

Boyd K. Packer. seated.

Members of the First Presi- 2. In a manner similar to that

dency were then seated. followed for the voting of the First

2. The Council of the Twelve Presidency and the Council of the

rose, voted on the above two proTwelve, the Council of the Twelve,

22 Era, June 1970 from DESERET BOOK FOUR FOR YOUTHhighly interesting books i N which examine fundamental values of life, adult hypocrisy, war, the facts of life,

love and marriage.

1. YOUTH AND THE CHURCH by Harold B. Lee $4.95 their solution. His examples come from history, daily incidents

and the scriptures. This book will help you make wise decisions

This book can help you become successful in life by understandon life's major issues with cool thinking before the heat of an ing its fundamental principles. President Lee uses real life emotional situation arises. These clearly thought out pre decisions

examples to illustrate living problems and the rationale behind make those final decisions lead to more frequent success.

life about g&SShrUS!*!*:;

gjBS** GHtf*

2. WHAT'S UP? $2.95 3. ABOUT LIFE AND LOVE $3.50 4. ABOUT MARRIAGE AND MORE $3.50

by Dr. Glen C. Griffin and Dr. Lynn E. Johnson Facts of Life for LDS Teens by Dr. W. Dean Belnap and Dr. Glenn C. Griffin

Here is instant appeal to teens everywhere. A book by Dr. W. Dean Belnap and Dr. Glen C. Griffin A sequal to "About Life and Love,"here is a sensible

that will help clarify and reestablish direction without Here are the facts of life that all young people need guide to marital harmony. It begins by pointing out,

preaching a sermon. It explores what's wrong with to know. These two wellknown LDS doctors handle the objectively, the characteristics that dating couples

today's world and shows how to cope with it. Here's a most delicate aspects of boygirl relationships in a should be examining in each other where marriage may

book like you've never seen before. One section, in manner that is straightforward and yet in keeping with be the end result. The book also delves into values of

cartoon style, challenges adult hypocrisy. Another sechigh LDS standards. It's for those from 13 on up, temple marriage and discusses frankly, many aspects

tion has a short playlette featuring a superintelligent whether dating, engaged or newlyweds. of sexuality in marriage.

computer in a dialogue with a young man as they The authors bring to mind some problems that many examine his future. The war's relationship to youth couples are not even aware of. If read together or

and many other situations are presented relating to simultaneously, it will lead to a better understanding today's decisions and the future. There's even a rockof one another and may help solve or avoid problems

androll song and an expose on the now generation. before they arise.

Teens thoroughly enjoy it. Whether dating, engaged or married this book will

be extremely useful to the reader who applies knowledge presented here.

ORDER FROM DESERET BOOK COMPANY 444 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

OR 777 So. Main, Town & Country, Orange, Calif. 92668

Please send me items circled: 1 3

Total cost $ This must include 25c handling and postage for the first book ordered and 15c for each additional book ordered in the same shipment. Also include 4*/2% sales tax from Utah residents ordering from Salt Lake, or 5% sales tax from California residents ordering from Orange. Paid by

D check, money order, or charge my established account. Boolt Name

Address

City State Zip June 1970 Era patriarchs, high priests, seventies, elders, Lesser Priesthood, and entire congregation then voted, in turn, on this proposal.

Voting on Prophets, Seers, and

Revelators:

1. The First Presidency rose and

voted to sustain the counselors in the First Presidency, the Twelve

Apostles, and the Patriarch to the

Church as prophets, seers, and revelators. They were then seated.

2. As they were called, following the order above, the Council

of the Twelve, patriarchs, high priests, seventies, elders, Lesser

Priesthood, and entire congregation then voted, in turn, on the proposition.

Following this voting procedure, all other voting proceeded in the usual pattern, with all members remaining seated and all voting on each proposition at the same time with uplifted hands. This procedure, similar to that used in other

general conferences of the Church, was followed for voting on the

Assistants to the Council of the

Twelve; Joseph Fielding Smith as

trusteein-trust for the Church; the

First Council of the Seventy; the

Presiding Bishopric; the Regional

Representatives of the Council of the Twelve; the Church Historian

and Assistant Church Historians;

membership of the four general priesthood committees—welfare,

home teaching, missionary, and genealogy work; Church Board

of Education; Church Finance

Committee; officers of the Tabernacle Choir; general auxiliary officers and board members as

presently constituted of the Relief

Society, Deseret Sunday School

Union, Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association, Young

Women's Mutual Improvement Association, and Primary Association.

The annual statistical report and the Church Finance Committee's report were then read. O

24 Era, June 1970! c

Make your of thebeauty count Church

RELEASES

Two exciting additions J to the Bookcraft family of fine reading material. m

Beauty Is—Theirs is the Kingdom

... a girl's guide to charm By Wendell J. Ashton

By Bonnie Marshall A fascinating, inspirational collection of short bioBound to be considered indispensable by any girl who graphies—stories of the lives and accomplishments of

reads it, "BEAUTY IS..."is a beautifully written extraordinary Latterday Saints who have made a lastguidebook to the social graces. Miss Marshall's wide ing impression on the Church while remaining relaexperience on the national scene as a model, cosmotively unknown. The author is a master of word power

tologist, lecturer and teacher in famous finishing whose skill with the pen makes every page a stage. A

schools, makes her well qualified to advise young former Stake President, Wendell Ashton has also ladies. The book covers such important subjects as served as a member of the Sunday School General

grooming, makeup, hair care, manners, dating, figure Board and is a regular contributor to the Instructor.

control and much more. This book is rated G—Great He is currently a regional representative to the Counfor Girls (13 to 20 especially). Mothers admitted if cil of the Twelve. This faithpromoting book is a must

accompanied by their daughters. <tq r for every student of Church history. <*. o

Please send the following book(s) for which I enclose check or money order in the amount of $ 6-70 (Residents of Utah add 4Vz% sales tax.)

NAME,

ADDRESS

CITY

STATE ZIP

Addresses delivered at TheOneHundred General Conference Jesus Christ of SaltLakeTabernacle

Address delivered Monday morning, April 6, 1970

The Reins of Responsibility and Leadership President Joseph Fielding Smith

My beloved brethren and sisters: (1 Ne. 3:7), we are most humbly direct us and his church in the paths

I stand before you today in humility confident that under his guidance and of righteousness, for the accomplishand in thanksgiving, grateful for the direction this work will continue to ment of all his purposes.

blessings which the Lord has poured prosper. Our faith is centered in the Lord

out upon me, upon my family, upon I desire to say that no man of himJesus Christ, and through him in the you, and upon all his people. self can lead this church. It is the Father. We believe in Christ, accept

I know we are engaged in the work Church of the Lord Jesus Christ; he is him as the Son of Cod, and have taken

of the Lord and that he raises up men at the head. The Church bears his his name upon us in the waters of bapto do his work in every time and age of name, has his priesthood, administers tism, and are his sons and his daughthe earth's history. his gospel, preaches his doctrine, and ters by adoption.

As a church and as a people, we does his work. I rejoice in the work of the Lord and

have been greatly blessed for many He chooses men and calls them to glory in the sure knowledge I have in years by the inspired leadership, the be instruments in his hands to acmy soul of its truth and divinity!

great spiritual insight, and the firm complish his purposes, and he guides With all my heart I bear witness hand of President David O. McKay. and directs them in their labors. But that Jesus Christ is the Son of the

Now that his valiant work here is men are only instruments in the Lord's living God; that he called the Prophet

finished and he has been called home hands, and the honor and glory for ailJoseph Smith to stand at the head of to serve in other ways, the Lord has that his servants accomplish is and this dispensation and to organize again given the reigns of responsibility and should be ascribed unto him forever. on earth the Church and kingdom ol

leadership in his earthly kingdom to II this were the work of man, it God; and that the work in which we

others of us who remain. would fail, but it is the work of the are engaged is true.

And since we know the Lord "giveth Lord, and he does not fail. And we When my father, President Joseph

no commandments unto the children have the assurance that if we keep F. Smith? was called to serve as the

of men, save he shall prepare a way the commandments and are valiant in sixth President of the Church, he exfor them that they may accomplish the testimony of Jesus and are true to pressed gratitude for his devoted counthe thing which he commandeth them"every trust, the Lord will guide and selors and declared his intention to

Fortieth Annual

ofofThe Church Latterday Saints

April 4,5,6, 1970

counsel with them in all matters perAnd what I say about President Lee We are pleased to cooperate with taining to the Church, that there and President Tanner applies also to sincere and good men and women might be a oneness and unity among the Quorum of the Twelve and the everywhere in all matters for the adthe brethren and before the Lord. other General Authorities. They are vancement and betterment of our

Now may in confidence I mysay counselors.that I have Theycompleteare Lordmen ofraisesGod.up Imenam withgratefulthe thatstrengththe fellowmen,men as childrenfor ofwe Godacknowledgeand as brothall

men of God who are guided by the and power these brethren possess, and ers and sisters in the family of maninspiration of heaven. They enjoy the he calls and prepares them to stand in kind. May our Eternal Father pour out

gift and power of the Holy Ghost and places of leadership in his Church. his blessings upon all the works of

have no desires other than to further There is no work on earth as imhis hands;

the interests of the Church and to portant as the work of the Lord, and And bless parents with insight and bless all our Father's children, and there are no positions of service and inspiration in teaching their children;

perfect the work of the Lord on earth. responsibility as farreaching in their And bless our children, and young

President Harold B. Lee is a pillar of effect upon our Father's children; and people, to seek and accept counsel and

truth and righteousness, a true seer it is my prayer that all of us, working keep the commandments;

who has great spiritual strength and together as true brothers and sisters And bless all the officers and teachinsight and wisdom, and whose knowlin the Lord's kingdom, may so labor ers and members of our Father's edge and understanding of the Church as to accomplish the great work that church so they may serve him in righand its needs is not surpassed by any lies ahead. teousness, faithfully, and effectively;

man. We live in a time when the spirit of And bless the world and all men

President N. Eldon Tanner is a man love and harmony is increasing among everywhere that they may turn to him

of like caliber, of perfect integrity, of people of many faiths, and we join in righteousness, and find peace, hapdevotion to the truth, who is endowed with men of good will in all churches piness, and purpose in life—all of

with that administrative ability and in expressing love and concern for the which I ask, humbly and gratefully, spiritual capacity which enables him temporal and spiritual wellbeing of all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.

to lead and counsel and direct aright. our Father's children. Amen. O

Era, June 1970 27 Address delivered Monday morning, April 6, 1970

live The Day inWhichWe President Harold B. Lee

First Counselor in the First Presidencij and President of the Council of the Twelve

I echo the sentiments of my beloved Church and in the memories of those authority, with the President of the colleague, President Kimball, in welwho have followed after them. May Twelve automatically becoming the

coming into our circle of General God bless that legacy to the faithful acting President of the Church until a

Authorities our beloved associates, everywhere. After all, their greatest President of the Church is officially

Brother Boyd K. Packer, Brother Joseph records will be written in the hearts ordained and sustained in his office.

Anderson, Brother David B. Haight of those whom they sought diligently Early in this dispensation, because of

and Brother William H. Bennett. As to serve. certain conditions, the Council of

you brethren and sisters come to know It may be instructive and enlightenTwelve continued to preside as a body them as we know them, you will feel ing to many of the Church members for as long as three years before the a great strength in their leadership. and others who may be listening to reorganization was effected. As conWe cannot pass this moment without these services to say something as it ditions in the Church became more

remembering our beloved President pertains to the reorganization of the stabilized, the reorganization was efMcKay, and likewise to you, Sister Church following the death of the fected promptly following the passing

McKay, if you are listening in, and President. of the President of the Church.

to the remarkable family that PresiTo those who ask the question: How All members of the First Presidency

dent McKay has, we extend our love is the President of the Church chosen and the Twelve are regularly susand blessings as we pass now to anor elected? the correct and simple antained as "prophets, seers, and revelaother era in the history of the Church. swer should be a quotation of the fifth tors,"as you have done today. This

Today The Church of Jesus Christ Article of Faith: uWe believe that a means that any one of the apostles, so

of Latterday Saints opens a new chapman must be called of God, by prophchosen and ordained, could preside ter in its 140 years'history since its ecy, and by the laying on of hands, by over the Church if he were "chosen by organization in this, the dispensation those who are in authority to preach the body [which has been interpreted of the fulness of times, as it is spoken the Gospel and administer in the to mean, the entire Quorum of the of in the scriptures. ordinances thereof."Twelve], appointed and ordained to

Another prophet, our noble President The beginning of the call of one to that office, and upheld by the confiDavid O. McKay, has been called home he President of the Church actually dence, faith, and prayer of the church,"

to make a report of his stewardship as begins when he is called, ordained, and to quote from a revelation on this the earthly head of the Church. Always set apart to become a member of the subject, on one condition, and that

with the passing of a prophetleader, Quorum of the Twelve Apostles. Such being that he was the senior member,

there have been great happenings fol- a call by prophecy, or in other words, or the president, of that body. (See

lowing thereafter, both in the Church by the inspiration of the Lord to the D&C 107:22.)

and in the world. I have wondered il one holding the keys of presidency, Occasionally the question is asked

it could be that the report of the and the subsequent ordination and as to whether or not one other than prophet to our Maker has had great setting apart by the laying on of hands the senior member of the Twelve could significance in the affairs of men here by that same authority, places each become President. Some thought on

on the earth. apostle in a priesthood quorum of this matter would suggest that any

The transition, in making the change twelve men holding the apostleship. other than the senior member could

of administration of the Church, is by Each apostle so ordained under the become President of the Church only if a procedure unique and by an ordained hands of the President of the Church, the Lord reveals to that President of plan that avoids, as Elder Kimball has who holds the keys of the kingdom of the Twelve that someone other than said, the possibility of using political God in concert with all other ordained himself could be selected.

devices or revolutionary methods that apostles, has given to him the priestThe Lord revealed to the first could cause much confusion and frushood authority necessary to hold every prophet of this dispensation the orderly tration in the work of the Lord. position in the Church, even to a posiplan from the Church leadership by a

President David O. McKay and all tion of presidency over the Church if predetermined organization of the

of his predecessors as Presidents of the he were called by the presiding authorearthly kingdom of God. He gave

Church have bequeathed to us rich ity and sustained by a vote of a conthese specific guidelines, as we might treasures of wisdom and knowledge. In stituent assembly of the membership speak of them:

the passing of each President, the hearts of the Church. "Of the Melchizedek Priesthood,

of a grateful people were in a figuraThe Prophet Joseph Smith declared three Presiding High Priests, chosen tive sense taken up with each of them. that "where the president is not, there by the body, appointed and ordained

The records of their lives and their is no First Presidency."Immediately to that office, and upheld by the conworks, their words, and their ministries following the death of a President, the fidence, faith, and prayer of the church,

are fortunately lesson books, docunext ranking body, the Quorum of the form a quorum of the [First] Presimented in the written history of the Twelve Apostles, becomes the presiding dency of the Church.

"The twelve traveling councilors are But in addition to this office, he was the new Presidency of the Church were called to be the Twelve Apostles, or given another endowment which has chosen and ordained, I have lived my special witnesses of the name of Christ never been given to any other patriwhole life in restrospect and the days in all the world—thus differing from arch to the Church who has succeeded ahead in prospect, to some extent.

other officers in the Church in the him in this additional calling: Throughout these weeks, I have

duties of their calling. "And from this time forth I appoint recognized my limitations and have

"And they form a quorum, equal in unto him that he may be a prophet, realized more than ever before my authority and power to the three presiand a seer, and a revelator unto my utter dependence upon Almighty God, dents previously mentioned."(D&C church, as well as my servant Joseph; our Heavenly Father, for strength be107:2224.) "That he may act in concert also yond my natural strength and wisdom

With reference to this subject, the with my servant Joseph; and that he beyond man's wisdom and spiritual

fourth President of the Church, Wilshall receive counsel from my servant insight into problems that might be my ford Woodruff, made a few observations Joseph, who shall show unto him the responsibilities now. Only with God's

in a letter to President Heber J. Grant, keys whereby he may ask and receive, help can I begin to fill the position to

then a member of the Twelve, under and be crowned with the same blesswhich I have been chosen by the date of March 28, 1887. I quote from ing, and glory, and honor, and President of the Church and the Quothat letter: "... when the President of priesthood, and gifts of the priesthood, rum of the Twelve, and now sustained

the Church dies, who then is the Prethat once were put upon him that was by the vast body of the priesthood of siding Authority of the Church? It is my servant Oliver Cowdery; the Church and by the membership

the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles "That my servant Hyrum may bear of the Church in this Tabernacle and (ordained and organized by the revelarecord of the things which I shall show by the many faithful beyond our sight, tions of God and none else). Then unto him, that his name may be had who have participated in the proceed

while these Twelve Apostles preside in honorable remembrance from genings of this solemn assembly.

over the Church, who is the President eration to generation, forever and ever."I find myself almost trembling with

of the Church [?] It is the President of (D&C 124:9496.) a sense of my own inadequacy when I

the Twelve Apostles. And he is virtuHis son Joseph F. Smith served as the recall the great leaders of this dispenally as much the President of the sixth President of the Church from sation who have preceded us in leaderChurch while presiding over Twelve 1901 to 1918. President Joseph F. ship positions. As I have thought of

men as he is when organized as the Smith, as a child, passed through the this, through long hours of meditation

Presidency of the Church, and pretrying scenes of Missouri and Illinois. and prayer, I sense the reality of the

siding over two men."And this prinAfter his father, Hyrum Smith, was fact that one, such as I, does not take

cipleyears—everhas beensincecarriedthe outorganizationnow for 140of martyredwith his byuncle,a mobJosephat CarthageSmithalongthe thebefore.place of those who have gone on

the Church. Then President WoodProphet, young Joseph F., although but We who are called to occupy these

ruff continued: a boy of nine years of age, drove an positions merely fill the vacancies

"As far as I am concerned it would ox team across the plains from Miscreated by the passing of time. Those

require... a revelation from the same souri River, arriving in Salt Lake Valwho have gone on before still hold

God who had organized the church ley in 1848. In 1852 his mother died, their places in the eternal worlds and

and guided it by inspiration in the and two years thereafter he left for a in the hearts of the hundreds of thouchannel in which it has travelled for mission to the Hawaiian Islands when sands whom they have served.

57 years, before I could give my vote hut 15 years of age. More than ever before, I understand

or influence to depart from the paths This is the fibre of the Hyrum Smith what the ancient prophet Nephi felt followed by the Apostles since the ancestry from which our President when he had been given the seemingly organization of the Church and folJoseph Fielding Smith has come. I am insurmountable task by his father,

lowed by the inspiration of Almightyconfident that heaven is pleased today, Lehi, to gain possession of the brass

God, for the past 57 years, by the and I doubt not but during the minplates in which were contained the apostles, as recorded in the history of istry of this noble son and grandson, scriptures of the prophets of the Old the Church."those who have gone on before will Testament, as we now know them.

This calling of Joseph Fielding Smith be permitted to draw near to their Nephi had written of this experito become President of the Church has descendant, whom the Lord has now ence: "... I, Nephi, crept into the

a special significance: In a revelation honored with this challenging responsicity and went forth towards the house

given to the Prophet Joseph Smith in bility, despite his great age. I would of Laban.

reference to Hyrum Smith, the grandnot at all be surprised if they were with "And I was led by the Spirit; not

father of Joseph Fielding Smith, the us on this occasion. knowing beforehand the things which

Lord said this: I have said to members of Hyrum I should do."(INe. 4:5-6.)

"And again, verily I say unto you Smith's posterity, after I have quoted I understand now more than ever... that my servant Hyrum may take the prophecy to which I have made before the poignant prayer of the supthe office of Priesthood and Patriarch, reference, that it is for them to strive pliant:

which was appointed unto him by his with all their souls to be loyal to the father, by blessing and also by right; royal blood of the prophets of this "Lead, kindly Light, amid the en-

"That from henceforth he shall hold dispensation that flows through their circling gloom;

veins. blessings patriarchal of keys thethe on! thou Lead me

all people. of the brought heads happenings have Today'supon my is dark, night and I am far from reThe blesses shall be of sobering the to he whoever most "That some me home;

life. shall curses flections theblessed, be of he During whole and whoever my on! thou Lead me since shall last elapsed that thatcursed; ten bind whatsoever he have weeks

on earth shall be bound in heaven; the momentous spiritual experience, in Keep thou my feet; I do not ask to see

and whatsoever he shall loose on earth company with 13 of my brethren holdThe distant scene—one step enough

shall be loosed in heaven."(D&C ing the holy apostleship, in an upper for me."

124:9193.) room of the temple, where members of—Hymns, No. 112

Era, June 1970 29 H

That, I too now sense very deeply. I pray fervently that I too may learn kingdom of God on this earth, through

I must go on many occasions, as that when I am in the service of you, him who has been sustained this day did Nephi of old, being "led by the my faithful brothers and sisters, saints as your President, a prophet, seer, and

Spirit, not knowing beforehand the of the most high God, I am "only in revelator.

things which I should do."Yes, though the service of your God,"and my God. I bear this testimony humbly and

the night be dark, "I do not ask to see I bear you my witness, as the Spirit beseech of you your faith, your loyal the distant scene—one step [is] enough has before, and does now bear witness support to put to flight all the condifor me."to my soul, that there has been entions in the Church that could cause

With all my soul I pledge to you trusted to this, the true Church of disturbance. May we continue to have

faithful saints all my strength of body Jesus Christ in these latter days the the support of your faith and your and mind and spirit, realizing full true doctrines of salvation by which prayers. And we pledge ourselves,

well, as the faithful King Benjamin mankind may be redeemed, through anew, to sustain you as faithful saints taught, that though I spend my days in the atonement of our Lord and Masto the most high God. This I do humyour service, "I do not desire to boast, ter, the Savior of the world. The Lord bly, and bear solemn witness this day,

for I have only been in the service of Jesus Christ does live and presides from in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.

God."(Mosiah 2:16.) his holy dwelling place, over this, his Amen. Q

Address delivered Sunday morning, April 5, 1970

II The Blessings of Obedience

::::: President N. Eldon Tanner

'!, Second Counselor in the First Presidency

On this beautiful Sabbath morning he explained in these words: ings of Obedience. While I speak, I

it is a privilege and pleasure for me to "There is a law, irrevocably decreed pray that the Spirit of the Lord will bring greetings on behalf of the First in heaven before the foundations of attend and guide us. Let us remember

Presidency and my colleagues to all this world, upon which all blessings the words of Samuel to Saul: "... to

who are here assembled and to all who are predicated obey is better than sacrifice, and to are listening in. "And when we obtain any blessing hearken than the fat of rams."(1 Sam.

Last week we commemorated the from God, it is by obedience to that 15:22.) And let us also remember that

resurrection of our Lord and Savior, law upon which it is predicated.""through the Atonement of Christ, all

which brings hope and promise to all (D&C 130:2021.) mankind may be saved, by obedience

who accept him and are prepared to We are all concerned about condito the laws and ordinances of the keep his commandments. He said: tions in the world today, and are Gospel."(Article of Faith 3.)

"... I am come that they might have searching for answers to the many Just the other day I was talking to a

life, and that they might have it more problems that are affecting our peryoung man who said, in effect, "I am abundantly."(John 10:10.) sonal lives, our communities, and counfed up and tired of being told, 'You

"I am the resurrection, and the life: tries throughout the world. Though it have to do this,'or 'You have to do

he that believeth in me, though he is true that the trend in the world today that.'I want to be free to decide

were dead, yet shall he live: is toward lawlessness, rioting, and refor myself what I want to do."

"And whosoever liveth and bebellion, we are sick and tired of having My response was: "You are free to

lieveth in me shall never die."(John it played up so much both in converchoose exactly what you want to do, as

11:2526.) sation and in news media. We, with a long as it does not restrict or impose on

And then he gave us great assurance positive approach, need to center our the rights or liberties of others, but in these words: efforts on living and teaching the you must be responsible for your acts

"... this is my work and my glory gospel, thereby eliminating the cause and prepared to take the consequences."

to bring to pass the immortality and and improving conditions. Every man, I explained that the Lord's greatest

eternal life of man."(Moses 1:39.) including the rebellious, who is honest gift to mortal man is threefold: first,

He gave his life for us, and the plan with himself must admit that what the right to immortality and eternal which, if followed, will make it poshe is ultimately seeking is happiness life; second, the plan by which he can

sible for us to enjoy every blessingand a better way of life. gain it; third, his free agency to choose

promised to those who will keep his With this in mind, I wish to address what he will do. The Lord gave us the

commandments. In these latter days my remarks to the subject: The Blessplan which will bring us the greatest

joy and happiness while on this earth, concerned and engaged in the preparawe wish, it is available to us. Part of

and which will prepare us for eternal tions. They did not think of these laws the purpose of our existence, however, is

life. All we have to do to enjoy this as being a restriction or impediment to to rise above these animal instincts,

is to obey the law and keep his comthem in any way, but rather as a means and to reach the highest plane of humandments. by which they could carry out their man behavior in our social relations.

I suggested to this young man that program; and they were determined to In order that we may accomplish

he consider with me the physical or learn all they could about the laws on this, God, our Father and our Creator, natural laws, which arc fixed and which their success was dependent, and and his Son Jesus Christ, who want us immutable, and which apply to all, to obey or apply them so they might to be happy and successful, have given regardless of their station or learning be successful in their mission. us the laws which, if applied in our

or intention. If a person, whether This is so true in life. To be a lives, will improve our social condiknowingly, ignorantly, intentionally, or musician, to be an athlete, to get a tions and our relationship to one

accidentally, touches a hot stove or a degree, to accomplish anything worthanother. Yes, if all of us would obey

hare highvoltage wire, he will he while, we must set our goals, determine these laws, we would have none of the burned to the extent of the exposure. If what we want to do and wish to accomdisturbing conditions so prevalent

for any reason he steps in front of a plish, and set about to find out which today, and our young people would rapidly moving vehicle, even to save laws if obeyed will make this possible, have no reason, need, nor desire to another life, he will he injured and and then discipline ourselves in order demonstrate against a society that today possibly killed. Numerous examples to accomplish it. When we do this, does not practice what it preaches.

could be given to show that we are we are on our way to success, while Let us refer to some of the Ten subject to these laws regardless of who those who continually fight the laws Commandments, which are as appliwe are or what our intention might be. and refuse to obey, and complain about cable today as they were in the time

We cannot change the laws of nature. things that are required, become frusof Moses, and which later were taught

As we understand natural laws and trated, begin to rebel, and fail to by Christ. If everyone would obey the

respect them, we can apply them to our accomplish. commandments, "Thou shalt not steal,

good. If we violate law, we suffer; and As someone has said, you do not kill, covet, commit adultery, or bear

if we obey it, we are blessed. How break the law, but actually break yourfalse witness,"we could leave our

fortunate we are to know that -we can self by refusing to respect it as it applies homes or properties unattended, walk depend on these natural laws: that to your condition. The law applies, and down the street any place at any time,

the sun will rise at a certain time every our actions determine the result. Too or feel secure in our homes, without

morning; that electricity, though we often we are not prepared to discipline fear of thieves or robbers, or that somedon't know exactly what it is, will ourselves and do that which is necesone might be trying to take our lives.

respond always the same under the sary to accomplish the things which we Imagine too the joy of living in a same conditions; that the sun will be desire most. community in which there were no

eclipsed by the moon at a certain time It is a fact that the laws of the land covetousness, backbiting, or adultery;

on a certain day in a certain year, all are made by the governing body in the where everyone was living according to because the laws of nature never vary. interest of the safety and wellbeing of the law. In addition to the peaceful

Imagine an engineer, doctor, or scienthe citizens. Consider, for example, the and happy existence we would lead,

tist in any field not being able to laws pertaining to drunken driving and and the strength and help we could depend on the laws of nature, or disother regulations pertaining to highway be to one another, just think of the regarding them. Man can never ignore traffic control, health, zoning restricmoney we would save on law enforcethe natural laws affecting his operations, building codes, etc. Even taxes ment and the effects of crime, all of

tions and be successful. In fact, to make it possible for us to have better which money could be diverted to

ignore them could be disastrous. roads, better schools, and other pubfighting poverty, or improving health

All the laws of God and the laws of lic services, all of which are for our and educational facilities, and for other nature and the laws of the land are comfort and convenience and selfworthwhile purposes. We cannot begin

made for the benefit of man, for his improvement. to number the temporal blessings we

comfort, enjoyment, safety, and wellIf all people were to recognize law would receive from obedience to these being; and it is up to the individual as a benefit to man and then honor and commandments.

to learn these laws and to determine obey it, it would contribute greatly to Another commandment that is so whether or not he will enjoy these our health, wellbeing, and happiness. important in the lives of all of us is

benefits by obeying the law and by Laws are essential. Imagine a city, the Lord's law of health, which is

keeping the commandments. My whole community, state, or country without called the Word of Wisdom, and

purpose today is to show that laws exist law and regulations. To the extent we which should be taught in every home

for our benefit and that to be happy disregard, disobey, and flaunt the law, by example and by precept. In this

and successful we must obey the laws we are losing our freedom, depriving Word of Wisdom we are warned and regulations pertaining to our activothers of theirs, and leading to anagainst the use of tobacco and alcohoi ities; and these laws will function archy. If a bad law exists, then the and other things that are harmful to

either to our joy and wellbeing or to people should take proper legal measthe body. I am sure we can include

our detriment and sorrow, according ures through their governing bodies to the use of drugs.

to our actions. improve or change the law, but while Though this law of health was given

To accomplish the great flight of it is law, it should be obeyed. to us by the Lord over a hundred years

Apollo 11, which resulted in the landIn life generally we have to deterago, it was generally ignored until ing on the moon, every lawr of nature mine the kind of life or environment scientists and experience proved beyond affecting this endeavor had to be kept of which we want to be a part. We doubt that these things are not only

in the most minute detail: the law of still have in the human race today harmful to the body, but are a menace

still the law of chemistry, society. ignorephysics, practice to the defy jungles people in the law and who Many

r perthisof gravity, every instincts to other law cannibalism, are take the animal prepared the where law, and and taining to the flight had to be underin man rule, and where the laws of the risks. The use of these things results in

stood and applied by those who were jungle apply. If that is the kind of life broken homes, diseased and broken

Era, June 1970 31 bodies and spirits, destruction of other law, if not obeyed it will bring before the Lord."(D&C 68:25, 28.)

property, misery, and death on the condemnation to the soul. This means to keep his commandments

highway, and many other tragedies too Keeping the Sabbath day holy gives—to love, honor, and obey him.

numerous to mention, all of which are us an opportunity to learn and underParents, if we are to teach our chilnow causing society, lawmakers, law stand the teachings of the gospel dren to keep the commandments and enforcement officers, and all of us through worship and study, and to walk uprightly before God, we must serious concern. In just one evening I learn to know God, which is essential be their living example. We cannot

gleaned the following information from to our eternal destiny. break any law with impunity and exreading the newspaper: The Lord has said: pect our children to honor and obey

Onecar fatal accidents doubled in "And this is life eternal, that they us or the law. We cannot question the

'69. Twentysix percent of all fatal might know thee the only true God, teachings and commandments of the

accidents occurred after the driver had and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast Lord without causing great doubts in been drinking. sent."(John 17:3.) the minds of our children as to why

A wellknown television personality Surely for one day in seven we can they should keep the commandents.

died of lung cancer at age 45. He had and need to turn our thoughts to our We cannot be hypocrites. We cannot

publicly stated he would rather smoke Maker and feed our spiritual selves, to teach or profess a belief in one thing and take a chance than be a "fat learn obedience to God, and to teach and live another, and expect our neurotic."He quit when he learned reverence and obedience to our chilchildren to obey the commandment:

he had cancer. dren. One of the greatest lessons we "Honour thy father and thy mother:

A hotel fire caused by a cigarette can learn in life is that "man shall not that thy days may be long upon the claimed 14 lives, and a burning live by bread alone, but by every word land which the Lord thy God giveth cigarette in another building caused that proceedeth out of the mouth of thee."(Exod. 20:12.)

ten thousand dollars worth of damage. God."(Matt. 4:4.) Children who are taught obedience,

Marijuana harm is very real, and Someone has wisely said: "Woe unto to honor and obey the law, to have

drugs put blinders on youth. those who consider the laws of God faith in God and to keep his commandWe owe it to ourselves, to our youth, only as forces of convenience, to be ments, will, as they grow up, honor

and to the future of our country to reignored or employed at will. Woe unto their parents and be a credit to them;

strict and if possible do away entirely those individuals, classes, and nations and they will be able to meet and with the use of these devilish and that believe in the might of their solve their problems, find greater sucdeleterious things that are causing so wealth, in the strength of their armor, cess and joy in life, and contribute much tragedy in the world today. in the invincibility of their positions."greatly to the solution of the problems

Listen to the great and glorious promise No culture can last, no nation or now causing the world such great congiven by the Lord to all those who will union of nations can survive if they cern. It is up to the parents to see to

keep this and other commandments: ignore God's laws. The Lord has adit that their children are prepared

"And all saints who remember to monished: through obedience to law for the posikeep and do these sayings, walking in "... seek ye first the kingdom of tions of leadership they will occupy in

obedience to the commandments, shall God, and his righteousness; and all the future, where their responsibility

receive health in their navel and marthese things shall be added unto you"will be to bring peace and righteousrow to their bones; (Matt. 6:33), meaning everything that ness to the world.

"And shall find wisdom and great is for our good. The Lord's message may be summed

treasures of knowledge, even hidden We cannot keep the Sabbath day up in his statement:

treasures; holy, nor enjoy the blessings thereof, "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God

"And shall run and not be weary, by seeking to satisfy our material wants with all thy heart, and with all thy and shall walk and not faint. and pleasures. It is truthfully said that soul, and with all thy mind.

"And I, the Lord, give unto them a "material things have no power to "This is the first and great compromise, that the destroying angel shall raise the sunken spirit. The wealth of mandment.

pass by them, as the children of Israel, the world cannot heal a broken heart, "And the second is like unto it, Thou and not slay them."(D&C 89:1821. and the wisdom of all the universities shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.

Italics added.) cannot turn into righteousness a way- "On these two comandments hang

Can you think of a greater promise? ward soul."all the law and the prophets."(Matt.

Let me refer to another very imporAs important as it is that we attend 22:3740.)

tant commandment, which is: "Rethe house of prayer and keep the SabSurely if we love the Lord we will

member the sabbath day, to keep it bath day holy, teaching spirituality keep his commandments, and if we holy. cannot be left to the churches alone. will love our fellowmen we will enjoy

"Six days shalt thou labour, and do Parents have the first and great and Utopia here on earth.

all thy work: important responsibility to teach the As the Lord further has promised:

"But the seventh day is the sabbath laws of God in the home. The Lord "... he who doeth the works of

of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt has told us: righteousness shall receive his reward,

not do any work."(Exod. 20:8-10.) "And again, inasmuch as parents even peace in this world, and eternal

And the Lord has told us: have children in Zion, or in any of her life in the world to come."(D&C

"And that thou mayest more fully stakes which are organized, that teach 59:23.)

keep thyself unspotted from the world, them not to understand the doctrine of I bear witness to you this day that thou shalt go to the house of prayer repentance, faith in Christ the Son of as we accept God as our Father, and and offer up thy sacraments upon my the living God, and of baptism and the his Son Jesus Christ as the Savior of holy day."(D&C 59:9.). gift of the Holy Ghost by the laying the world, and keep the commandIn spite of what so many say to the on of the hands, when eight years old, ments, we will have greater joy here

contrary, this is a law of God, a rethe sin be upon the heads of the on earth and eternal life in the world ligious and therefore a moral law. If parents. to come. May this be the blessing of all

observed, it will bring many blessings "And they shall also teach their of us, I humbly pray in the name of not otherwise enjoyed; and, like any children to pray, and to walk uprightly Jesus Christ. Amen. O

Saturday morning session, April 4, 1970

The Reality of God Elder Howard W. Hunter

Of the Council of the Twelve

What a glorious thing is life, surIs God a creation of man's mind, or seen."(Heb. 11:1.) Sometimes faith

rounded by the beauties of the world is man a creation of God? Men struggle means believing a thing to be true

in which we live. There is beauty in with many fundamental questions, but where the evidence is not sufficient to

the mountains, the woods, and the the question as to whether or not God establish knowledge. We must conlakes. There is beauty in the sea is a reality should take precedence. tinue the probe and follow the admoniwith its neverceasing tides; beauty in The approach to the solution of this tion: "Ask, and it shall be given

the skies filled with fleecy clouds, in the query differs from that given to scienyou; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and

sunshine and in the rain; beauty in tific research. We are not dealing with it shall be opened unto you:

the morning, the day, and the night. a subject of the material realm, but "For every one that asketh receiveth;

As the seasons come and go, we find rather of the spiritual. and he that seeketh findeth; and to

beauty in the freshness of spring In order to find God as a reality, we him that knocketh it shall be opened."

bringing new life to all nature, and must follow the course which he (Matt. 7:7-8.)

beauty in the glory of the summer. pointed out for the quest. The path is After announcing that God created

Autumn ushers in an array of color one that leads upward; it takes faith the heaven and the earth, the Old

before the silent winter brings its and effort, and is not the easy course. Testament relates that God conversed

blanket of white. There is beauty For this reason many men will not with our first parents, Adam and Eve,

everywhere if we look for the beautiful. devote themselves to the arduous task in the Garden of Eden. He gave them

There is an exactness of order in the of proving to themselves the reality of commandments and he conversed with universe of which we become conscious. God. On the contrary, some take the them. No doubt Adam instructed

The days come and the nights follow. easy path and deny his existence or his descendants, through eight generaThe tides rise and fall with regularity, merely follow the doubter's course of tions to the father of Noah, in the

the recurring lunar cycle of the moon uncertainty. These are the atheists, things he had received from God by

is exact; the seasons come and go in infidels, free thinkers, skeptics, and direct manifestations. Noah had direct

the sequence of nature. The stars in agnostics. communication with God and taught

the sky follow exact repeated orders; The approach to the study of most ten generations of his descendants. God

the planets and their satellites perform subjects consists of the research of its appeared personally to Abraham, who precisely in their relation to their suns. history and all of the known facts. If followed, as well as to Isaac and Jacob.

The biologist sees the wonders and the we start with history and turn to the Moses became the leader of their debeauty of plant and animal life, and commencement of the best known of scendants, and we remember the direct the chemist discovers the mysteries of the ancient records, we read these communion between God and Moses, the elements of the earth; but with or words: "In the beginning God created the record of which has been preserved

without scientific training, every perthe heaven and the earth."(Gen. 1:1.) for all following generations.

son becomes aware of a vast universe This statement forms the basis of the The New Testament also has rein which there is intricate exactness in Hebrew belief in the creation, that corded appearances of God. At the

all nature. earth did not come about by chance; baptism of Jesus by John, there was a

When we observe the phenomena of neither was it created by accident. It is manifestation; "And lo a voice from

the heavens and the earth, we can the intentional creation of a Supreme heaven, saying, This is my beloved come to only one conclusion: these are Being for a definite and meaningful Son, in whom I am well pleased."

the effects of some great cause. There purpose. (Matt. 3:17.) And again at the transcan be no design without a designer Must we accept blindly this statefiguration on the high mountain: "...

and nothing built without a builder. ment of creation? The writer of these a bright cloud overshadowed them: and

For every effect there is a cause. There words in the Pentateuch did not witbehold a voice out of the cloud, which

must be a guiding hand to regulate the ness the Creator at work but had, the said, This is my beloved Son, in whom universe in its precise order. Are we same conviction of faith as expressed I am well pleased; hear ye him.

compelled to admit the reality of a at a later time by the writer of the "And when the disciples heard it,

Supreme Being? Millions of people in Epistle to the Hebrews in these words: they fell on their face, and were sore

the world have this deep and abiding "Now faith is the substance of things afraid."(Matt. 17:5,6.)

conviction. hoped for, the evidence of things not These are only a few instances of

Era, June 1970 33 "The surest knowledge of God comes occasion of the baptism of Jesus, when the voice of the Father was heard and the Holy Ghost descended.

It is the general rule that we do not through his revelations"get things of value unless we are willing to pay a price. The scholar does not

become learned unless he puts forth the work and effort to succeed. If he is

not willing to do so, can he say there is no such thing as scholarship? Musithe many appearances of God to his shalt have no other gods before me."cians, mathematicians, scientists, athchildren as recorded in the Old and the (Exod. 20:2-3.) There is profound letes, and skilled people in many fields

New Testament. The scriptures of the truth in the doctrine that runs all the spend years in study, practice, and hard

western hemisphere also record comway through sacred history that no work to acquire their ability. Can

munications of God. History amply man can worship more than one God. others who are not willing to make the

documents the reality of God by his To worship one God is to have one effort say there are no such things as personal dealings with men from supreme loyalty in one's life. If we had music, mathematics, science, or athgeneration to generation from the a consciousness of one God, the Eternal letics? It is just as foolish for man to

beginning. Father, we would have a consciousness say there is no God simply because he

We need not rely upon history alone of one world and one mankind under has not had the inclination to seek for evidence of the existence of a SuGod, all being brothers. him.

preme Being; reasoning will also give What causes people to have the urge History tells us there is a God. Scius such evidence. One of the ancient to worship? There seems to be someence confirms the fact there is a

arguments of the marketplace, put in thing inborn into the soul of man that Supreme Being. Human reasoning

syllogistic form, is this: Everything that causes him to seek communion with persuades us that there is a God. His

is created has a creator. The earth was God. In the Book of Job it is put this own revelations to man leave no doubt

created; therefore, the earth has a way: "But there is a spirit in man: and as to his existence. In order for an

creator. Referring again to the Epistle the inspiration of the Almighty giveth individual to obtain unwavering knowlto the Hebrews, the writer states in them understanding."(Job 32:8.) This edge of the reality of God, he must live

these words that God is the creator of statement appears to be an allusion to the commandments and the doctrines the earth: "For every house is builded man's creation. By this spirit he beannounced by the Savior during his

by some man; but he that built all comes capable of understanding and personal ministry. "Jesus answered

things is God."(Heb. 3:4.) The movreason, and consequently of discerning them, and said, My doctrine is not

ing universe and all of its beauties and divine truth. By this spirit he comes mine, but his that sent me. If any man

wonders are trying to teach us of the to know God. will do his will, he shall know of the

existence of God as the great creator. In addition to the historical evidences doctrine, whether it be of God, or

A scholar has said, "... though sciof God and the human reasoning of his whether I speak of myself."(John

ence has done all these things for man existence, the surest knowledge of him 7:1617.) In other words, those who

it cannot do for him what he only can comes through his revelations. From are willing to make the search, apply

do for himself. Science can teach but the beginning and throughout Old themselves, and do God's will, will

the individual only can learn, that is, Testament and New Testament times, have the knowledge come to them of learning is an individual process that God manifested himself to men: first the reality of God.

a person must apply to himself, no one to Adam, then the patriarchs of his posWhen a man has found God and can do it for him. No person can learn terity to Noah, with whom he spoke understands his ways, he learns that

for another. Science generally teaches and conversed. After Noah, he revealed nothing in the universe came by

there is a God, does it not? but to himself to those who followed: Abrachance, but all things resulted from a

discover him is a problem for the indiham, Isaac, Jacob, Moses, and the divinely prearranged plan. What a

vidual to solve. The declaration of the prophets down to the ministry of Christ. rich meaning comes into his life! Unatheist that there is no God proves He spoke at the time of the baptism of derstanding which surpasses worldly

nothing. He may sincerely believe we Jesus and also at his transfiguration. learning is his. The beauties of the

have no Father in Heaven, but cerGod revealed himself to the leader world become more beautiful, the tainly cannot prove there is none. Yes, of the group of people who left the old order of the universe becomes more

we know that he does not know world at the time of the Tower of meaningful, and all of God's creations because there are individuals who posiBabel and came to the western are more understandable as he wittively testify they do know."(Joseph F. hemisphere. Six hundred years before nesses God's days come and go and the

Merrill, The TruthSeeker and MorChrist, he spoke to Lehi, directing him seasons follow each in their order. If

monism, pp. 104105.) and his family to journey to the Ameriall men could find God and follow his

It has been said that God cannot be can continent. God has revealed himways, the hearts of men would be

found with the instruments of science self in the present dispensation to the turned in love toward their brothers, or in modernday electronics. The youth, Joseph Smith, who was priviand nations would be at peace.

truthseeker, however, cannot overlook leged to behold God the Eternal Father I bear my witness that God lives, an underlying power so overwhelming and his Son, Jesus Christ. that he is our eternal Heavenly Father.

to the conscience that the existence of a Thus there have been revealed to I know that Jesus is the Christ, his Son,

Supreme Being becomes evident if he man through the ages the personages and Savior of the world. I know too

seeks for the cause of the effect. comprising the Godhead: God the that God reveals his will to his

Man has an innate urge to worship. Eternal Father, Jesus Christ, his Son, prophets today as he did in the disIn early times God spoke to Israel: "I and the Holy Ghost. These three are pensations of the past. May we seek

am the Lord thy God, which have referred to in Christendom as the God with a true desire to know him, I brought thee out of the land of Egypt, Trinity, yet they are three distinct pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

out of the house of bondage. Thou personages, as demonstrated on the Amen. O

Justice, Mercy, and Humility

Elder Franklin D. Richards

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

:-::-: I;"':

My dear brothers and sisters, I apadjustments and constant changes and walking humbly before God, as it preciate the opportunity of speaking to a time of unprecedented growth and should make it easier for us to deteryou and approach the responsibility development: the age of the jet airmine if the principles of justice and

with a humble heart, praying that the plane, the computer, and the commercy can be merged and used effecLord will direct me in the things that munications satellite. tively in our lives.

I say. As we look at the world situation In order to do justly, honesty, fair-

I rejoice with you in the wonderful today, I feel that a large percentage of ness, and patience must characterize spirit of this conference and the inthe people are seeking a plan of life one's dealings with others. Jesus exspirational music and messages to that will bring them peace, relief from pressed it this way:

which we have been listening. inner tensions, happiness, and growth "Therefore all things whatsoever ye

We are living in a remarkable age and development. would that men should do to you, do

the dispensation of the fulness of Our message is that the gospel of ye even so to them: for this is the law

times, when the gospel of Jesus Christ Jesus Christ has been restored in its and the prophets."(Matt. 7:12.)

has been restored in its fullness. fullness, that the principles of the gosThe Golden Rule is in reality the

We are living in a new era of pel are eternal, and that as we apply basic principle of dealing justly with lives, fellowmen. they bring us peace, your them in our era when andgrowth development—an

life. eternal do justly becomes a matter of in happiness, of Spirit and To the Lord is workingthe

the minds and hearts of men. I would like to refer to three of these attitude, a desire to go beyond toleratWe are living in an age when gospel principles that I feel are paring others and making an effort to love

prophecy is being fulfilled. ticularly applicable today: justice, and appreciate people by serving them.

Despite the fact that we are living mercy, and humility. Justice is deeply affected by the princiin a marvelous age, we are living in a In the beautiful Sermon on the ple of love.

troubled world. The powers of evil Mount, the Savior referred to the Jesus also taught:

are visible in false doctrines, corrupt principle of mercy when he said: "Judge not, that ye be not judged.

morals, strife, contention, and perse- "Blessed are the merciful: for they "For with what judgment ye judge,

cution. Fear abounds in the hearts of shall obtain mercy."(Matt. 5:7.) ye shall be judged: and with what

many. And, a great Nephite prophet asked: measure ye mete, it shall be measured

However, one of the great purposes "... do ye suppose that mercy can to you again.

of life is to overcome fear and learn to rob justice? I say unto you, Nay; not "And why beholdest thou the mote

successfully meet challenges and obone whit. If so God would cease to that is in thy brother's eye, but constacles of every kind. Meeting obstabe God."(Al. 42:25.) siderest not the beam that is in thine

cles and overcoming them give us In the scriptures justice and mercy own eye?

experience, and each experience should are frequently mentioned together and "Thou hypocrite, first cast out the build our faith and confidence and be the thought arises: Can one be just beam out of thine own eye; and then

for our good. and merciful at the same time, and can shalt thou see clearly to cast out the

As we study history, we find peculiar justice and mercy be merged? If so, mote out of thy brother's eye."(Matt.

situations, obstacles, and problems in how can we incorporate these princi- 7:1-3, 5.)

each era. ples in our lives to enrich them and In being just, one will not condemn,

I am certain that those who lived in qualify ourselves to better meet today's find fault, or gossip, as there is no these various periods felt that the probchallenges? salvation in being critical of another.

lems of their time were most difficult, The prophet Micah wisely asked: We should recognize that generally

and I have no doubt that they were. "... what doth the Lord require of we cannot judge the motives that

Each period had its own tests, and thee, but to do justly, and to love prompt others'actions, and usually the as they were successfully met, a broad mercy, and to walk humbly with thy more we understand their motives, the and solid foundation was laid for us God?"(Mic. 6:8.) less we are prone to condemn.

to build upon. Let us examine the prophet Micah's The Savior has urged us to desist

We are living in a period of social words regarding justice, mercy, and from evil; he has also told us to agEra, June 1970 35

gressively go forward and do good. great patience and understanding on your hearts forgive not every one his

Today there are many frustrated, the part of the one forgiving. brother their trespasses."(Matt. 18:32confused, and discouraged people in The apostle Peter asked Jesus how 35.)

the world. To do justly, we are chalmany times should he forgive one Thus, the great truth is taught that

lenged to give them courage, hope, and who would sin against him. The anyone receiving mercy is under oblistrength; praise them and help them Savior's reply was to forgive an indefigation to the one extending it, whether

to understand that God loves them and nite number of times. Then Jesus it be man or God—the obligation of

has provided a way for them to be clarified the matter by giving the living the Golden Rule.

happy and successful; share with them parable of the unmerciful servant, in And we cannot reserve our mercy

the things we are blessed with in order which a certain king forgave a debt only for those who we think are to make their loads lighter. one of his servants owed him, amountworthy of it. Remember: "Judge not,

Too often fear rules over the lives ing to 10,000 talents, because the that ye be not judged."(Matt. 7:1.)

of many people, depriving them of servant asked for patience in the payThe Prophet Joseph Smith, in disblessings. Fear must be overcome, for ment of the debt. cussing this matter on one occasion,

the Lord has said: "... if ye are preThen the same servant found one stated

pared ye shall not fear."(D&C 38:30.) who owed him a hundred pence, and "God does not look on sin with

I bear you my witness that as we live took him by the throat, saying, "Pay allowance, but when men have sinned, the gospel principles, we will build me that thou owest."(Matt. 18:28.) there must be allowance made for

faith in the Lord Jesus Christ, confiAlthough the servant's debtor asked them....

dence in ourselves, and overcome fear. for leniency, the servant cast him into "The nearer we get to our heavenly

Now, let us consider the second thing prison. Father, the more we are disposed to

the Lord requires of us, according to When the king heard of this, he relook with compassion on perishing the prophet Micah—namely, that we called the unmerciful servant and said souls.... if you would have God

have mercy. to him: have mercy on you, have mercy on one

Again recalling the words of the "O thou wicked servant, I forgave another."(Documentary History of the

Savior: "Blessed are the merciful: for thee all that debt, because thou deChurch, Vol. 5, p. 24.)

they shall obtain mercy."(Matt. 5:7.) siredst me: There can be no license for sin, but

We should also be aware that the "Shouldest not thou also have had we are told that mercy, justice, and love reverse is true—that if we are not compassion on thy fellowservant, even should go hand in hand with reproof.

merciful, we shall not obtain mercy. as I had pity on thee? The Lord's words are these:

Here we should recognize another "And his lord was wroth, and de- "Reproving betimes with sharpness, great eternal principle, that of forlivered him to the tormentors, till he when moved upon by the Holy Ghost;

giveness. Many times true mercy inshould pay all that was due unto him. and then showing forth afterwards an

corporates forgiveness. Mercy and "So likewise shall my heavenly increase of love toward him whom thou

forgiveness, to be effective, require Father do also unto you, if ye from hast reproved, lest he esteem thee to be his enemy;

"That he may know that thy faithfulness is stronger than the cords of death."(D&C 121:4344.)

This is especially important for us to remember as we reprove our children when the necessity arises.

The third requirement of the Lord, as explained by the prophet Micah, is to "walk humbly with thy God."(Mic.

6:8.) This requires a strong faith that

God is a just and merciful God.

The prophet Alma, addressing himself to this subject, said:

"... the plan of mercy could not be

brought about except an atonement should be made; therefore God himself

atoneth for the sins of the world, to bring about the plan of mercy, to appease the demands of justice, that God might be a perfect, just God, and a merciful God also."(Al. 42:15.)

To walk humbly with God, one must love God, be humble, meek, and obedient. Another important ingredient

is to hunger and thirst after righteousness.

By walking humbly with God, by identifying himself with the building of the kingdom, one obtains inner strength and peace from his Heavenly

Father, is happy and successful, and enjoys personal growth and development.

As an example, Peter, James, and

John were humble fishermen until they of the prodigal son, considered by many justice and mercy was shown through became active in building the kingdom to be one of the most beautiful stories the atonement of Jesus Christ and in of God; then they became a powerful ever written. Here we are told of the restoring the gospel in its fullness

influence in the lives of men. return home of a wayward son, of the through the Prophet Joseph Smith. And

Sincere prayer and service in the father's great joy, and of the feast that we should be grateful for God's mercy

Church help one to develop faith in celebrated his return. in providing a prophet to lead us today

the Lord Jesus Christ and confidence We must never forget, however, that—President Joseph Fielding Smith.

in himself. although the wayward son was received May the Lord bless and sustain him.

After considering the prophet Micah's back into his family with rejoicing and Those who are seeking a plan of life words regarding justice, mercy, and love, it was to the faithful son that that will bring them peace, relief from walking humbly before God, is it easier the father said, "Son, thou art ever inner tensions, happiness, and growth to see how justice can be merged with with me, and all that I have is thine."and development will find it in the

mercy and how these principles can (Luke 15:31.) restored gospel of Jesus Christ. We inbe beneficially incorporated in our lives Here we have an excellent example vite your sincere and prayerful conto qualify ourselves to better meet of how a wise, humble father merged sideration.

today's challenges? the great principles of mercy and jusThe strength of the Church lies in

We have seen how justice and mercy tice to the benefit of his family. Here the testimony of its members that God

were merged in the story of the unwe see that all persons are precious in lives, that Jesus is the Christ, our Savior merciful servant, and we have learned the sight of God. In merging the and Redeemer, and that God is a just

that it is God's way to reprove "betimes eternal principles of justice and mercy, and merciful God.

with sharpness, when moved upon by an equitable decision or result occurs, To acquire eternal life requires dethe Holy Ghost; and then showing as was evidenced in this beautiful votion to the gospel principles. May

forth afterwards an increase of parable. we appreciate the blessings of the goslove "(D&C 121:43.) I bear you my witness that God the pel and dedicate ourselves to the upProbably the greatest example we Father and the Son live, and that they building of God's kingdom, I pray in

have is that described in the parable are just and merciful beings. Their the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. O

One Small Step

Elder Richard L. Evans

Of the Council of the Twelve

May I make two citations from the live.... [And] why should not a and in the Holy Ghost"(Article of

words of a discerning editorial writer, Father reveal himself to his children? Faith 1)—not in theory, not as an

not one of my faith, but one of much Why should he not send prophets and indefinable essence, but a God of life faith: "If we neglect the divine... teachers, and why not a supreme and of love, who lives, and in whose

and give ourselves over wholly to the Teacher, a Son of God and a Son of image men were made.

human,"he said, "we may certainly Man?... We rest on the fact of One "We believe all that God has recount upon nothing but the triumph who died and rose from the dead, vealed, all that He does now reveal,

of pessimism.... True optimism must whose name we give to our faith, and and we believe that He will yet reveal

rest upon a calm, unshakable faith in whose triumph over death is our many great and important things pereternal life and in the unlimited goodtriumph also."2 taining to the Kingdom of God."

ness of him who gives it."1 This brings us to a declaration of (Article of Faith 9.)

"We rest on no new reason for bethe literal personal reality of God and Surely there is ample evidence of the lieving in the immortality of the soul,"the divinity of his Son, our Savior, and counsel and divine calling of the he continued. "The old reasons... are the reality of revelation, of prophets, prophets of the past. And surely there

quite sufficient... all religious faith and of the opportunities and purposes is ample evidence of the need all men

and all hope of immortality begins of everlasting life. have for divine guidance in this day.

with God, and rests on him. We came "We believe in God, the Eternal In recent weeks we have lost by

from him; we go to him. He lives, we Father, and in His Son, Jesus Christ, death a dearly beloved prophet, PresiEra, June 1970 37

dent David O. McKay. Our love and the place to begin. Parents, teach your address."5 If we don't want to do

blessings reach out to his family, and children, and live and be what you wrong, we shouldn't even entertain the to the beloved companion who was teach. I remember gratefully, soberly idea. If we don't want temptation to

some sixtynine years by his side. within my soul, saying prayers at the'follow us, we shouldn't act as if we

And today we have heard from his knees of a beloved widowed mother. I are interested. No one ever fell over a

beloved successor, President Joseph remember her saying to us, and living precipice who never went near one.

Fielding Smith, who will be presented what she said: "Do your duty. Say And let it be said here that our

for our sustaining vote in the days of your prayers. Pay your tithing; pay Father in heaven is not a theorist.

this conference to come. God bless him your debts. Be honest. Work. Be Creation isn't kept in its course by

and be with him and strengthen him, clean. Don't quarrel. Don't gossip. theory. Spring doesn't return by theory.

and give him peace, and all that perHave faith."Seeds don't grow by theory. The

tains to the goodness of life, with his Oh, beloved young people, listen to physical and moral and spiritual laws loved ones. such teachings, and so live your lives. are still in force. The commandThrough prayer, impressions, inspiraDon't gamble the peace and happiness ments are still in force. No one has

tion, revelation, God does communicate and opportunities of eternity against repealed them. No one has a right to

with his children. The need for conthe cheap and shoddy enticements of except God, who gave them. And when

tinuous revelation would seem to be time. our Father gives us counsel or comobvious. There is infinitely much our You can't experiment with everymandments, we can be sure they are

essential. vitally tells he us time. isn't There told When yet hasn't enough Father us. There is inthing—there

it. believe kill something, we'd better could that finitely If we of things that knows. are thousands no man much

Who knows of a textbook that won't you, but you have only one life to lose. live one way we get one result; if

be revised or set aside? Who knows of There are thousands of things that we live another way we get another

a theory that won't be modified or could destroy you mentally, morally, result.

abandoned? Who knows of a process physically, spiritually. And not one of Many of you would be familiar with

that won't be improved? Who knows them is worth it. And so, profit by President Spencer Kimball's wonderful

when the last findings of research will what has already been proved, by the work on the miracle of forgiveness. I

be found, or when the last revelation trial and error and anguish of others witness to you that God is a loving of the mind and will of God will be over the ages. If everyone tried to go Father who will forgive and help us

given? Humility before the unknown back to the beginning to repeat all the find peace and selfrespect as we reis always in order. Conceit of learning mistakes that other men have made, pent and show our sincerity by the lives

never is. we wouldn't live long enough to learn we live. And there is nothing he asks

Who has any idea that we need very much. Part of the precious heritage of us that we cannot do; there is no divine guidance less today than did we have is what has been proved, disrequirement we cannot keep—if we are

those in far places in the past? Prophcovered, and revealed in the past. And willing, if we want to. Repentance is

ets, prophecy, scripture, counsel, comso accept it, and go on from here, and a miracle, if it is sincere.

mandments are part of the precious learn and repent and improve, and Some historians have said there have heritage we have. become all you can become, not debeen 19 civilizations before this that

Now, what of life, its purpose, its stroying body and mind, peace and have risen and flourished and fallen, problems, its possibilities? All of us selfrespect, but seeking counsel, conmostly because of moral decay. And

have our unanswered questions, our fiding in loved ones, living by law. perhaps most of them didn't really

discouragement, our mistakes, our good Anyone who thinks he doesn't need know what was happening, until it was and poor performances, our sorrows, counsel and stubbornly decides to go too late. We are not immune to the

our searching. his own way has trouble and tragedy consequences of our own acts, or of

It's a searching world. But many are ahead. what we permit to become possible.

looking for the right things in the Counsel with parents, your bishops, You would remember the words wrong way. Some give themselves to competent and trustworthy people. spoken on the occasion of that first

protest, to tearing down, to destrucPresident Smith counsels with his awesome step man took on the moon:

step for giant a small one man, of the "One tragically Council Twelve destruction counselors. to The most tion—but 6 for to their leap another mankind,"which with their each their peace, other and of themselves, counsel with minds,

their happiness, their future possibilibrethren. "There is no such thing in added:

ties. And, as to all of this, on a recent human existence as being so high you're

Sunday broadcast we used a sentence not responsible to anybody."4 No man "We've reached so far that we've

that has some earnest implications in is smart enough to know all the antouched the moon;

it, which we submit for your conswers. No man is so wise that he Now we must reach out to our neighsideration: cannot benefit by talking things out bor....

that thing isn't a others. do cannot There a (There great counwith direction, was man don't change we will If we

7 at step cil small a time"one in before If he takes the was.) heaven, world at arrive going. we're where

Home, of course, is the place to beAnd don't forget to talk things out with gin. "When one puts business or the Lord. And then listen. As Presi-—if he lives within law, keeps'the

pleasure above his home,"said President Harold B. Lee said within the commandments and follows the purdent McKay, "he that moment starts week, "We pray for guidance—but do poses of Divine Providence.

on the downgrade to soulweakness."we listen?"The communication of God bless you, my beloved young

And in the last talk we were privileged prayer is very real, and all of us need friends. Don't live by rumor. Don't

to have from him, he said: "The most guidance in our decisions. run aimlessly to and fro looking for

vicious enemy to home life is imTemptation is everywhere. The opwhat has already been found. Don't

morality."3 portunities to do evil and to do good live by the sophistries and temptations

I heard a few days ago a report of are everywhere, but we shouldn't tempt of these times. Live by the counsel and

how a parent had criticized a school temptation. As one whimsical observer commandments God has given, and

principal for not teaching her children said, "When some people flee from find the peace and happiness that come better behavior. But surely the home is temptation, they leave a forwarding to one through thoughtful, prayer38

ful living and cleanliness of life. bless and lift the lives of all who will arrive at where we're going—but

The times are troubled. The probbe partakers of it. And we come to wherever we are, and wherever we've

lems are many. And men do run to you with concern for the temporal and been, if we take one small step at a

and fro, and the hearts of many do eternal salvation of every soul—to the time, in the right direction, and repent

fail them, and fear has come upon weary, the wandering, the lost and the and do better each day, we can arrive many people—but there is a God in lonely, the sick and the sorrowing; everlastingly with our loved ones, with

heaven whose purposes and promises those discouraged and despondent, the highest possibilities that God can and power are over all, and if we will those who have lost loved ones, those give, and with assurance within our commit ourselves to keeping his counlooking for something to hold to in souls, this day—and always, in the

sels, his commandments, doing it his life. Oh, it is there. May our Father name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Q

way, we can have peace and happiness help you find it.

here, and limitless, everlasting oppor- I leave you my witness that God does tunities live, our loved with ones forever. reestablished his that he has work 1 Editorial, Independent, The 1898, p. 1596.

stupidly so foolishly, that men, Savior Jesus is our be 2 Ibid., among would April 1900. 12, Who

shortsighted as to settle for less than and Redeemer. And I thank God for a 34 OctoberLawrence1969A. Appley,general "Managersconference.in Action."

this, here or hereafter? prophet in the present, and for all the 5 Rotary International club bulletin, Graham,

The mission, the message of the prophets of the past. Texas.6 Neil A. Armstrong.

Church is to all mankind, and will If we don't change direction, we'll v R. Harris, "One Small Step."

Saturday afternoon session, April 4, 1970

Contend NotWith Others, But Pursue a Steady > Course IIP* Elder Gordon B. Hinckley

Of the Council of the Twelve

I have but one desire, my dear This growth is not a victory of men; and intimate as is my conversation

brethren and sisters. That is to say it is a manifestation of the power of with you this day. I raise my voice in

something which will add to your God. I hope we shall never be proud testimony that Joseph was a prophet,

faith. To that end I seek the inspiraor boastful concerning it. I pray that and that the work brought forth

tion of the Holy Spirit. we shall ever be humble and grateful. through his instrumentality is the work

I express thanks and wonder for the Last evening there was presented in of God.

marvelous growth of the Church. A this Tabernacle, with word and music, I read again the other evening a

few days ago I participated with a stirring tribute to the Prophet Joseph summary of Joseph's work and a stateBrother Benson in the organization of Smith, commemorating the 150th anment of our obligation to advance it.

the Tokyo Stake of Zion. Three weeks niversary of the First Vision. I am These words, poetic in their beauty,

before that Brother Tuttle and I orthankful that we paused to remember were written by Parley P. Pratt in

ganized the Lima Stake of Zion. A this most remarkable manifestation 1845, less than a year following

week or two ago Brother Romney orwhen the Father and the Son appeared Joseph's death. I quote:

ganized a stake in Johannesburg. Think to the boy Joseph on a spring morning "He has organized the kingdom of

of it, within a period of a few weeks, in the year 1820. All of the good we God.—We will extend its dominion.

strong and vigorous stakes have been see in the Church today is the fruit of "He has restored the fulness of the organized in such faraway places as that remarkable visitation, a testimony Gospel.—We will spread it abroad....

Japan, Peru, and South Africa. of which has touched the hearts of "He has kindled up the dawn of a

The days of which our forebears millions in many lands. I add my own day of glory.—We will bring it to its

spoke are upon us. These are days of witness, given me by the Spirit, that meridian splendor.

prophecy fulfilled; and I, with you, am the Prophet's description of that mar- "He was a 'little one,'and became

grateful to be alive and a part of this velous event is true, that God the Eter- a thousand.—We are a small one, and

vibrant, marvelous work which is afnal Father and the risen Lord Jesus will become a strong nation.

fecting for good so many people in so Christ spoke with him on that occasion "In short, he quarried the stone....

many parts of the world. in a conversation as real and personal We will cause it to become a great

Era, June 1970 39 mountain and fill the whole earth."if anything, a super abundance—hunThe Lord has given us counsel and (Millennial Star, Vol. 5, March 1845, dreds of Pied Pipers—ready and anxcommandment on so many things that

pp. 15152.) ious to lead the population. They no member of this church need ever

We are seeing the unfolding of that are scurrying around, collecting conequivocate. He has established our

dream. I hope we shall be true and sensus, gathering as wide an acceptance guidelines concerning personal virtue,

faithful to the sacred trust given us to as possible. But what they are not neighborliness, obedience to law, loybuild this kingdom. Our effort will doing very notably is standing still and alty to government, observance of the

not be without sorrow and setbacks. We saying, 'This is what I believe. This Sabbath day, sobriety and abstinence

may expect opposition, both deter- I will do and that I will not do. This from liquor and tobacco, the payment

mined and sophisticated. is my code of behavior and that is outof tithes and offerings, the care of the

As the work grows, we may expect side it. This is excellent and that is poor, the cultivation of home and fam-

a strengthening of the efforts of the trash.'There is an absence of moral ily, the sharing of the gospel, to menadversary against it. Our best defense leadership in the sense of a general tion only a few.

is the quiet offense of allegiance to the unwillingness to state standards."There need be nothing of argument

teachings which have come to us from She continues, "Of all the ills that or contention in any of them. If we

those whom we have sustained as our poor... society is heir to, the focal will pursue a steady course in the

prophets of God. one, it seems to me, from which so implementation of our religion in our

Joseph Smith gave us instruction much of our uneasiness and confusion own lives, we shall advance the cause pertinent to the situation in which we derive, is the absence of standards. We more effectively than by any other

find ourselves. Said he, "Go in all are too unsure of ourselves to assert means.

meekness, in sobriety, and teach Jesus them, to stick by them, if necessary in There may be those who will seek

Christ and him crucified; not to conthe cases of persons who occupy posito tempt us away. There may be those

tend with others on account of their tions of authority, to impose them. We who will try to bait us. We may be

faith, or systems of religion, but purseem to be afflicted by a widespread disparaged. We may be belittled. We

sue a steady course. This I delivered and eroding reluctance to take any may be inveighed against. We may

by way of commandment, and all who stand on any values, moral, behavioral be caricatured before the world.

observe it not, will pull down perseor esthetic."("The Missing Element There are those, both in the Church

cution on their heads, while those who Moral Courage,"McCall's, June 1967, and out, who would compel us to do shall always be filled with the Holy p. 28.) change our position on some matters,

Ghost; this I pronounced as a While standards generally may as if it were our prerogative to usurp

prophecy."totter, we of the Church are without authority which belongs alone to God.

I should like to take a few of the excuse if we drift in the same manner. We have no desire to quarrel with

words of that statement as a theme We have standards—sure, tested, and others. We teach the gospel of peace.

for something I should like to say, if effective. To the extent that we obBut we cannot forsake the word of the

the Lord will inspire me. serve them, we shall go forward. To Lord as it has come to us through men

"Contend not with others, but pursue the extent that we neglect them, we whom we have sustained as prophets.

a steady course."shall hinder our own progress and We must stand and say, to quote again

We live in a day of shifting values, bring embarassment to the work of the words of Miss Tuchman: "This is

of changing standards, of will-o'-thethe Lord. These standards have come what I believe. This I will do and

wisp programs that blossom in the from him. Some of them may appear that I will not do. This is my code of

morning and die in the evening. We see a little out of date in our society, but behavior and that is outside it."

this in government, we see it in public this does not detract from their validity There may be times of discourageand private morality, we see it in the nor diminish the virtue of their apment and deep concern. There cerhomes of the people; we see it in plication. The subtle reasoning of tainly will be days of decision in the

the churches, and we even see it among men, no matter how clever, no matter lives of each of us. It was ever thus.

some of our own members who are led how plausible it may sound, cannot Every man and woman in this away by the sophistry of men. abridge the declared wisdom of God. church knows something of the price

Men everywhere seem to be groping I recently heard the patriarch servpaid by our forebears for their faith.

as men in darkness, casting aside the ing in the Milwaukee Stake, who sits I was again reminded of this when I traditions that were the strength of our in this hall today, speak a few words recently read the narrative of my wife's society, yet unable to find a new star that I have not forgotten. Said he: grandmother. I think I would like to

to guide them. "God is not a celestial politician seekshare a few words from that story of a

We recently participated in a dediing our vote. Rather, God is to be 13year-old girl. She tells of her

cation of the Church pavilion at the found, and God is to be obeyed."childhood in Brighton, that delightful

Expo '70 world's fair in Japan. One of (Hans Kindt.) city on the south coast of England,

the speakers was a Japanese governThe satisfying thing is that obediwhere the soft, green hills of Sussexment official who warmly complience brings happiness. It brings peace; roll down to the sea.

mented the Church on its participation it brings growth—all of these to the It was there that her family were

in this exposition, which is devoted individual, and his good example baptized. Their conversion came natalmost entirely to man's technical brings respect for the institution of urally because the Spirit whispered in

achievements. He deplored the waning which he is a part. their hearts that it was true. But there

influence of religion in the lives of the Our adherence to these divinely were critical relatives and neighbors people of his own nation, with a congiven standards need never be an ofand even mobs to deride and inflame sequent deterioration of standards and fensive thing to those about us. We others against them. It took courage,

ideals. need not contend with them. But if that rare quality described as moral

It appears to be so everywhere. Some we will pursue a steady course, our courage, to stand up and be counted,

months ago I read a provocative artivery example will become the most to be baptized and recognized as a cle by Barbara Tuchman, a Pulitzer effective argument we could ever adMormon.

Prizewinning historian. Said she: vance for the virtues of the cause with The family traveled to Liverpool,

"When it comes to leaders we have, which we are associated. where with some 900 others they

boarded the sailing vessel Horizon. crossing of the Sweetwater.] mother for her grave.... When my

As the wind caught the sails, they "[We ran into heavy snow. I became feet were fixed they [carried]... us

sang, "Farewell, My Native Land, lost in the snow.] My feet and legs in to see our mother for the last time.

Farewell."After six weeks at sea—to were frozen.... The men rubbed me Oh, how did we stand it? That aftercover the distance covered today by a with snow. They put my feet in a noon she was buried....

jet plane in six hours—they landed at bucket of water. The pain was ter- "I have thought often of my mother's

Boston and then traveled by steam rible.... words before we left England. 'Polly,

train to Iowa City, for fitting out. "When we arrived at Devils Gate I want to go to Zion while my children

There they purchased two yoke of it was bitter cold. We left many of are small, so they can be raised in the

oxen, one yoke of cows, a wagon, and our things there.... My brother James Gospel of Christ, for I know this is the

a tent. They were assigned to travel... was as well as he ever was when true church.'"(Life of Mary Ann

with and assist one of the handcart he went to bed [that night]. In the Goble Pay.)

companies. morning he was dead.... Thus conclude portions of the narHere at Iowa City also occurred their "My feet were frozen; also my rative of a 13year-old girl.

first tragedy. Their youngest child, brother's and my sister's. It was noth- I conclude with this question:

less than two years of age, suffering ing but snow [snow everywhere and Should we be surprised if we are called from exposure, died and was buried in the bitter Wyoming wind]. We could upon to endure a little criticism, to

a grave never again visited by a memnot drive the pegs in our tents.... We make some small sacrifice for our faith,

ber of the family. did not know what would become of when our forebears paid so great a

Now let me give you the very words us. [Then] one night a man came to price for theirs?

of this 13year-old girl as I read a few our camp and told us... Brigham Without contention, without argulines from her story: Young had sent men and teams to ment, without offense, let us pursue a

"We traveled from 15 to 25 miles a help us.... We sang songs, some steady course, moving forward to build

day... till we got to the Platte danced and some cried.... the kingdom of God. If there is trouble,

River.... We caught up with the "My mother had never got well.... let us face it calmly. Let us overcome

handcart companies that day. We She died between the Little and Big evil with good. This is God's work.

watched them cross the river. There Mountains.... She was 43 years of It will continue to strengthen over the

were great lumps of ice floating down age.... earth, touching for good the lives of

the river. It was bitter cold. The next "We arrived in Salt Lake City nine countless thousands whose hearts will

morning there were fourteen dead.... o'clock at night the 11th of December respond to the message of truth. No

We went back to camp and had our 1856. Three out of the four that were power under heaven can stop it.

prayers, [and]... sang 'Come, Come living were frozen. My mother was This is my faith and this is my testiYe Saints, No Toil Nor Labor Fear.'dead in the wagon.... mony.

I wondered what made my mother cry "Early next morning Brigham Young God help us to be worth of the [that night].... The next morning came.... When he saw our condition, great and sacred commission that is

my little sister was born. It was the our feet frozen and our mother dead, ours, thus to build his kingdom, I

23rd of September. We named her tears rolled down his cheeks.... humbly pray, as I leave with you my

Edith. She lived six weeks and "The doctor amputated my toes... witness and testimony of its divinity,

died.... [She was buried at the last [while] the sisters were dressing in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. O

Courage Elder Marvin J. Ashton

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

A few days ago we had another They want direction. They want acBrothers and sisters, we dre living in

stimulating experience as we visited ceptance. One young lady impressed a day when there has never been a

with some of our young friends. Time us with her very sincere, "Why can't I greater need for moral courage: the

was taken not only for group discusbe the same every day? Some days I courage to continue in righteousness,

sions and opinions, but for some prifeel like I'm on top of the world; other courage to communicate, courage to

vate talks as well. We learned again times I'm discouraged and am low, have patience, and courage to have

that our choice youth want answers. especially on myself."childlike faith. May I briefly review

Era, June 1970 41 with you these important areas where Services Program of the Church, nothto be visiting with one of our handcourageous reinforcement is essential. ing gives us more satisfaction than to some fulltime Navajo Indian missionAs we think together of the scope of help parents and youth become better aries when he said, "The main reason

faithfully continuing in righteousness, acquainted or reacquainted and united- I'm on a mission today is because when important parts must be: courage not ly start down the paths of safety again I was a small boy, President Spencer

to be diverted, courage not to be mistogether. What a pleasure it was the W. Kimball came into our home,

led, courage not to stray, and courage other day to have a beautiful young patted me on the head, placed a silver in said, work. to in good engaged 'Take hand, and be anxiously 17year-old high school my girl say, "Dad dollar "

start of saving mission.'for a chapter the eighth this and From have John, and a communication I no longer

verses 31 and 32, we are reminded of hangup. Thanks to family home Wrapped up in that example of leaderthe promised blessings in store for evenings, we are back on the same ship are all of the important parts:

those who have the courage to conwave length and are now pretty well recognition, encouragement, challenge, tinue. "If you continue in my word, tuned in."and example. To bring groups back,

then are ye my disciples indeed; And One of the greatest blessings that we must learn to lead the individual

ye shall know the truth and the truth can come to any child is the benefit back through patience and love. Good

shall make you free."What a joy it is of being raised in a home where the leaders don't give up. Good parents

to be associated with members of the mother and father love each other. A don't give up. Good youth don't give

Church, young and old, who are conhusband's and wife's love should be up.

tinuing in the paths of righteousness. warm and sincere. An obvious and We need the courage to be as a

It is a thrill to see our youth in farsincere love will provide a priceless child. "Therefore, whoso repenteth and

off stakes and missions, as well as those environment for our children. Children cometh unto me as a little child, him

nearby, preparing valiantly for temple will learn love as they experience it. will I receive, for of such is the kingmarriages. Other thousands inspire us Earnest communication with others dom of God."(3 Ne. 9:22.) We need

as we see them valiantly continuing in develops a feeling of belonging. It will childlike love, childlike repentance,

their missionary and military services. let others know we care. childlike prayers, and childlike faith.

God will help us continue in his ways Love and compassion are not obsoWhat a warm experience it was a if we humbly seek his guidance. Directlete or oldfashioned. They are virtues few weeks ago to kneel with a Lattering our energies in his pathways will that build understanding and happiday Saint family in faraway Uruguay,

bring blessings of genuine joy and ness. It is difficult for young people to South America, as we shared the

happiness. His way is the right way; keep the commandments of God withthoughts of an 11year-old girl who

the right way is the happy way. out sharing a feeling of close relationled us in family prayer. Her spirit

We need the courage to communiship with their parents and leaders in touched us as she communed with her cate through word and deed the great the Church. Let us look for the best Heavenly Father in her native Spantruth, "... I am not ashamed of the in our children and associates. It is ish language. At the conclusion of her

gospel of Christ: for it is the power of the Lord's will that we build up—not lovely prayer, we said to her father,

God unto salvation to everyone that tear down. Our responsibility is to "What was it she said in her prayer

believeth...."(Rom. 1:16.) Joseph communicate the positive, emphasize about the temple?"

Smith's prayer in the grove was anthe positive, and not be parties to proHe responded with, "She said, 'Help swered because he had the courage to moting the negative. me, Heavenly Father, to be good

I live in faith. so that to the way communicate the courage with unwavering have paenough We need "some

temple.'in the day I can marry tience, compassion. between understanding, Channels of communication and

parents and youth are being effecFrom some of our troubled youth in With this childlike faith and daily, tively opened and used today. Mothers today's complex society, may I humbly sincere preparation, her heart's desire

and fathers are getting to know their make this request for them to their will be possible.

children better because wise leaders parents and leaders: "Don't give up on "Verily, thus saith the Lord: It shall

have encouraged the strengthening of us, don't condemn us, don't resent us. come to pass that every soul who forthe family circle. Where necessary, we Don't try to get us to conform through saketh his sins and cometh unto me,

challenge our youth to take the lead sympathy, embarrassment, or ridicule. and calleth on my name, and obeyeth

to see that family home evenings are Instead, give us reasons; give us exammy voice, and keepeth my commandscheduled and held so that they might ples; give us your best you."Let us as ments, shall see my face and know

learn not only to communicate with parents and leaders so live and lead to that I am."(D&C 93:1.) What a

family members, but also more purmerit the gratitude of a grateful teencrowning promise to the faithful! What

posefully with their Heavenly Father. ager's "Thank you for helping me find a blessing for those who will continue!

Many of our youth have done this in my way back,"or "Thank you for helpWhat could be a more effective, humthe past, and today their parents love ing me to remain steady."We must ble prayer for us in this troubled day

them for it. Family home evenings, learn through patience and understandthan to ask our Father in heaven to

properly held, will open the channels ing to lead our friends. Say the enbless us with courage—the courage to

of communication not only for family couraging word at the right time and so live that we won't be the same every members but for God's Spirit as well. the right place. day, but with the Lord's help a little

In our work in the Unified Social What a thrill it was the other day better each day, step by step. It is my

hope for us this day that we may show our love and courage by keeping his commandments.

this is in that witness I bear to you

Christ. of Jesus"We challenge our youth to take the lead very deed the Church

I humbly pray that we may courageousto see that family home evenings ly continue in his work, walking purposefully in his path, which insures the abundant life, in the name of Jesus are scheduled"Christ. Amen. O

Salvation Is a FamilyAffair President Bruce R. McConkie

Of the First Council of the Seventy

Salvation is a family affair. "The boy, like to his father grown, their work as near to perfection as they

We are all members of the family of Has but attained unto his own; can.

God the Eternal Father. We are his To grow to sire from state of son, It follows that everything we have in

spirit children. We lived with him in Is not 'gainst Nature's course to run. the Church centers around celestial

the family unit before the foundations marriage, and that salvation is a famof this world were laid. "A son of God, like God to be, ily affair.

In one of our great doctrinal hymns Would not be robbing Deity."From the moment of birth intowe sing:—"Man's Destiny,"Improvement Era, mortality to the time we are married

"In the heavens are parents single? the whole gospel system is to prepare

No; the thought makes reason stare! Manifestly if we are to become like and qualify us to enter that holy order

Truth is reason, truth eternal our Eternal Father, we must become of matrimony which makes us husband

Tells me I've a mother there. immortal as he is immortal; we must and wife in this life and in the world

gain the character, perfections, and to come.

'When I leave this frail existence, attributes which he possesses; we must Then from the moment we are

When I lay this mortal by, attain the power, glory, and dominion sealed together by the power and auFather, Mother, may I meet you which he enjoys; and we must create thority of the holy priesthood—the

In your royal courts on high? for ourselves eternal family units patpower to bind on earth and have it

Then, at length, when I've completed terned after his eternal family. sealed eternally in the heavens—from

All you sent me forth to do, Now that gospel which he has rethat moment everything connected

With your mutual approbation stored in this dispensation is a gospel with revealed religion is designed to

Let me come and dwell with you."of eternal life. It is the same system help us keep the terms and conditions

—Hymns, No. 138 of salvation possessed by all the of our marriage covenant, so that this

prophets and all the saints in all discovenant will have efficacy, virtue, and

While we yet dwelt in his presence, pensations. It consists of those laws force in the life to come.

our exalted and eternal Father ordained and powers whereby we may become Thus celestial marriage is the crownthe plan of salvation, which would perfect, even as our Father in heaven ing ordinance of the gospel, the enable us to advance and progress and is perfect; whereby we can create, percrowning ordinance of the house of the

become like him. fect, and perpetuate our own eternal Lord. Thus the family unit is the

This gospel plan offered to all of family units. most important organization in time

God's children the privilege of a mortal The great work of God our Father or in eternity.

probation and the hope of eternal was creation. He brought us into being; And thus we should have more interlife. We were all promised that we were born as members of his famest in and concern for our families

through the atonement of Christ we ily; and by his power the earth and than for anything else in life.

would be raised in immortality, and all things thereon came into existence. Every major decision should be

that if we obeyed the laws and And God has done his work perfectly. made on the basis of the effect it will

ordinances of the gospel we would have The great work of Christ was rehave on the family unit. Our courteternal life. demption. Through his atoning sacship, schooling, and choice of friends;

Now eternal life is the name of the rifice all men are raised in immortality, our employment, hobbies, and place kind of life which God our Eternal while those who believe and obey the of residence; our social life, the orFather lives. Eternal life is God's life, whole law of the whole gospel are ganizations we join, and the service

and God's life is eternal life. Thus, if raised unto eternal life. And Christ we render mankind; and above all,

we gain eternal life it will be because has done his work perfectly. our obedience or the lack of it to the

we advance and progress and become The great work of every man is to standards of revealed truth—all these

like him. believe the gospel, to keep the comthings should be decided on the basis

President Lorenzo Snow penned mandments, and to create and perfect of their effect on the family unit.

these words relative to this glorious an eternal family unit. And the There is nothing in this world as

hope of gaining eternal life: Latterday Saints are seeking to do important as the creation and perfecEra, June 1970 43

tion of family units of the kind conWhen he speaks to families his be said that neither are the parents templated in the gospel of Jesus Christ. counsel is: "Love, sustain, and support without the children nor the children

And so, when the Lord speaks to each other; without the parents in the Lord's type

husbands, he says: "Thou shalt love "Obey the full gospel law; keep the of family.

thy wife with all thy heart, and shalt commandments; The true gospel is family centered.

cleave unto her and none else."(D&C "Strive to perfect the lives of each Full salvation consists of the continua42:22.) of your members; strengthen the weak; tion of the family unit in celestial

When his voice is heard by wives, reclaim your straying loved ones, and glory. Those for whom the family

it imposes a similar obligation upon rejoice in their renewed spiritual unit continues have eternal life; those

them with reference to their husbands. strength; for whom it does not continue do not

To both of them he commands: "Seek your kindred who have not have eternal life, for heaven itself is

"Thou shalt not commit adultery or yet received the gospel, and invite but the projection of a Latterday anything like unto it."(See D&C 59:6.) them to come unto Christ and partake Saint family into eternity.

When he speaks to parents, he diof his goodness; and That power by which salvation

rects them to bring up their children "Reach out to your dead kindred in comes is so great that it can make of in light and in truth, to teach them the world of spirits and make the earth a heaven, and of man, a god.

the gospel, to set them examples of blessings of the gospel available to The noblest concept that can enter godly conduct. them through temple ordinances."the heart of man is the concept that

When he speaks to children, his deIt is written that neither is the man the family unit continues in eternity, crees are: "Obey your parents in the without the woman nor the woman and that salvation is a family affair.

Lord"(Eph. 6:1), and "Honour thy without the man in the Lord. In the In the name of Jesus Christ.

father and thy mother."(Exod. 20:12.) perfected church family it might also Amen. O

I-:ii.:: -::,. -::;:.....:.:::-::!

Our Temptations Upward Elder Sterling W. Sill

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

+ll

In Charles Dickens'great book The lying immediately before us will of times, when God would gather toTale of Two Cities, he talks about the probably be the greatest period that gether in one all things in Christ, both

French revolutionary period of 200 our world has ever seen. In this comwhich are in heaven and which are

years ago, almost as though he were ing year more babies will be born than upon the earth. (See Eph. 1:10.) The

describing our own day. In establishin any other comparable period. More ancient prophets eagerly looked foring the setting for his story, he said: new inventions will be made than ever ward to our time, and many of them

"It was the best of times, it was the before. We will learn more new things almost lived in our day. They knew

worst of times, it was the age of wisand have greater material comforts. In about our great knowledge explosion

dom, it was the age of foolishness, it the next 12 months more people and the unheardof miracles, wonders, was the epoch of belief, it was the will go to college, and more people will and wealth that it would produce.

epoch of incredulity, it was the season join the Church of Christ than in any Jesus himself looked beyond the black of Light, it was the season of Darkness, other year. On the other hand, there night of the dark ages, caused by the

it was the spring of hope, it was the will probably be more people die than apostasy from God in the meridian of winter of despair, we had everything ever before. We may have more time, and he saw our day, when the

before us, we had nothing before us, troubles, commit more crimes, use gospel would be restored in a fullness we were all going direct to Heaven, we more dope, drink more liquor, indulge never before known in the world. And

were all going direct the other in more sins, foster more souldestroy- as one of the signs preceding his own way...."ing violence, and send a greater glorious second coming to the earth,

In our world of contrasts, the haznumber of ourselves to hell, than ever he said, "And this gospel of the kingards frequently become greater as the before. dom shall be preached in all the world

benefits are increased, and it seems that The apostle Paul spotlighted the for a witness unto all nations; and

difficulty is one of the prices that we greatness of our day when he referred then shall the end come."(Matt.

pay for our blessings. The 12 months to it as the dispensation of the fulness 24:14.)

is living on the Our generation ap- "We are presently living in the very best that cleansing of the finalproaches will prepare the earth for its great millennium of peace, when Christ of times...but the best of times

shall reign personally upon the earth for a thousand years. The prophet

Malachi describes this part of our fuis also the worst of times"ture when all corruptible things will be consumed. He says, "... and the or loyal to the government, nor has The Pacific Ocean may contain

Lord, whom ye seek, shall suddenly anyone ever had a better opportunity more water than the Atlantic Ocean, come to his temple.... But who may to uphold law and order than we now but it can't sink any ship a bit more

abide the day of his coming? and who have. easily. And our tremendously increased

shall stand when he appeareth? for he However, simultaneously with these presentday evils have no more power

is like a refiner's fire, and like fullers'advantages, we are now making our over us than the ancient temptations soap."(Mai. 3:1-2.) greatest indulgences in idleness, dishad over our fathers, except as we

The apostle Paul fills in some of the loyalty, confusion, uncleanness, irreprovide them with a more enticing details by saying, "For the Lord himself sponsibility, and indifference to God. entertainment.

shall descend from heaven with a The new morality gives us more freeActually, the greatest of all our opshout, with the voice of the archangel, dom to indulge our sins, and it also portunities is provided by our exciting and with the trump of God: and the makes our atheism seem more respectpresent-day temptations upward. And

dead in Christ shall rise first: able to us. inasmuch as we seem to be temptation

"Then we which are alive and reOur age is noted for the increased prone, we might give more thought main shall be caught up together with number, variety, and intensity of our to the thrilling temptations to culture, them in the clouds, to meet the Lord temptations. Almost everything that the temptations to happiness, the tempin the air: and so shall we ever be we read, hear, or think is likely to have tations to honor, the temptations to be

with the Lord."(1 Thess. 4:1617.) some lurking temptation to draw us like God. The temptations up are far

These great latterday events are downward. But the dictionary says more pleasant and much more profitnow well on their way toward fulfillthat to tempt is to arouse a desire for, able than the temptations down. We

ment. The gospel is already going and a desire can go in either direction. need to take greater advantage of those

forth under divine command. We are However, we frequently forget the challenging temptations to be friends

now in the midst of the greatest and temptations upward, while we overwith God.

the last of all of the dispensations. indulge ourselves in the temptations Because of God's new revelations, it

From many points of view we are of evil. The temptations downward is now no longer necessary to repeat

presently living in the very best of are the temptations of ignorance, the the dark ages'mistakes in Christian times. The priesthood is again upon temptations of crime, the temptations doctrines. And in living by every one

the earth. God has given us three great of misery, the temptations of eternal of God's commandents, we may now

volumes of new scripture, outlining in damnation. We are filling our minds more effectively help to bring about

every detail the simple principles of with delusions. We picture to ourselves our own eternal life. The beast goes

the gospel of Christ. The pathway to how attractive evil is and how difficult down on all fours and thus his vision

exaltation is now perfectly marked and it is to live the religion of being honis cast upon the ground, but man brilliantly lighted, so that no one need est, fair, decent, and obedient to God. stands upright in the image of his

get off that straight and narrow way But no temptation is a temptation, unMaker that he may look up to God except by his own choice. For every less we are entertaining it. our.Eternal Father.

point of Christian doctrine, there is In denying our own responsibility, And among the greatest of all our now an authoritative statement saying, we frequently blame Satan for much human concepts are the immortality of "Thus saith the Lord."The stone that of the misery that we are bringing upon the human personality and the eternal

Daniel envisioned being cut out of ourselves. Satan has no power over glory of the human soul. Each of us is

the mountain without hands is now us except as we give it to him. And a child of God, created in his image

rolling toward its divine destiny of temptations without imply desires and endowed with his attributes and filling the whole earth. within; and rather than say, "How potentialities.

But the best of times is also the powerfully the devil tempts "we might Each of us should cling to our worst of times. As Jesus looked forward say, "How strongly I am inclined."inheritance. There is everything in

to our day and contemplated our God never forces us to do right, and knowing our inheritance and constantly doings, he made a very uncompliSatan has no power to force us to do reaffirming it in our lives. And certainmentary comparison to us by saying, wrong. As someone has said, "God ly we should not claim to be children

"... as the days of Noe were, so shall always votes for us and Satan always of God and then go about the world

also the coming of the Son of man be."votes against us, and then we are asked acting as though we are orphans or

(Matt. 24:37.) By their wickedness the to vote to break the tie."It is how we weaklings or cowards or sinners. By

antediluvians brought about their own vote that gives our lives their sigan abundance of our good works, we destruction, and many evidences indinificance. can have our own finest year this year

cate that we are now trembling upon Someone has said: and make for our world the very best

the very brink of a comparable disaster. of times. We can also help to usher in

And yet our day of wonders and en- "All the water in the world, the age of belief in God, the age of lightenment offers us so much more However hard it tried, light, the age of reason, and the age of than any other period since creation. Could never sink the smallest ship righteousness, as well as to help bring

We now have our greatest opportunity Unless it got inside. about a millennium of peace on earth

to make Christian converts. Now is And all the evil in the world, and goodwill toward men. And may

the best time ever known to make The blackest kind of sin, God grant that it may be so, I humbly money. And no people have ever had Can never hurt you the least bit pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

a greater chance to be faithful to God Unless you let it in."Amen. O

Era, June 1970 45 Wanted: ParentsWith Courage

Bishop Victor L. Brown

Second Counselor in the Presiding Bishopric

In Proverbs we read, "Train up a blouse from a woman in an exhibition exposing them to abnormalities virchild in the way he should go: and of abject lust. If this is the kind of tually crystallize and settle their habits

when he is old, he will not depart from entertainment we adults enjoy, how in for the rest of their lives."

it."-(Prov. 22:6.) Josh Billings parathe world can we teach our children Some are even saying, "What is

phrases this truth: "To bring up a morality? wrong with becoming a homosexual?"

child in the way he should go, travel In my teens I was told a dirty story In one church, a leader recently perthat way yourself."Travel that way by an active church leader. Although formed a marriage between two male

yourself. How many of us are travelmy memory for stories is notoriously homosexuals. As a matter of fact, some

ing that way ourselves? poor, that particular one is still with of the world news media made quite

I listened to a nationally recognized me, and I remember the name of the a story of it. And yet who is responsieducator speaking on television. Her man who told it. What kind of examble for this moral decay? The children?

subject was marijuana. She said that ple are we as adults? Does our charHardly. It is we adults, those of us

the use of marijuana was no worse than acter change with circumstances as "the who permit the sale of filth on our some other social habits, implying that chameleon changes its colors? Does newsstands and also permit the broadthere was really nothing wrong with the language we use change to fit the casting of it over airways.

young people's smoking marijuana. environment? Do we go to movies that Sometime ago, while waiting for my

Recently a national figure holding a appeal to our base animal instincts wife to finish her shopping, I looked responsible position in the government, and cause us to grovel in filth with the over the magazine rack in a new super- a position of great influence over what authors and actors? Do we break the market. With one or two exceptions,

comes into our homes on radio and law because that is the thing the the covers of the magazines and captelevision, had this to say: "The lancrowd wants to do at the moment, or tions of feature articles dealt with sex

guage I use when I am at a cocktail are we strong enough to stand on our in one form or another. This was in a

party is different from that which own principles, no matter what the sofamily store in a residential neighbor-

I use at home, or at church, and I don't cial pressure? These are some of the hood. How long do you think these

see this as being hypocritical."The questions we must ask ourselves if we publications would last if we, the

other day in one of our own communiare to train a child up in the way he adults, did not buy them? What is

ties, some fathers, apparently worked should go and travel that way ourselves. happening to us that we permit our

up over some issue, let the air out of Throughout the Church I hear the standards to erode to such a degree?

the tires of some of the police cars in comment from stake presidents and It hasn't happened overnight. No, it

order to interfere with enforcement of bishops, "If we did not have problems has happened so gradually and so the law, and then the same fathers had with parents, we would not have them subtly that most of us have not even great fun telling about it in front of with the young people."As a people, been aware that it has happened at

their own sons. we accept today standards of conduct all.

When criticism is leveled at the type that would have been totally unac- I agree with David Klein that this of movies shown on the screens today, ceptable yesterday. For example, the moral erosion started when "western

the movie producers reply that they filthy, obscene language that is read man began to lose his belief in God as only produce what the public will buy. and heard under the guise of freedom a personal force, as decider of his fate,

Of 21 movies showing locally recently, of speech is becoming more and more as ultimate judge of his actions. The

I could find only three that indicated acceptable in socalled respectable soidea that God created man became old no restrictions on those attending beciety. Pornography has become a major fashioned; we evolved.... Life began

cause of material that might be offenindustry in many parts of the world. to be seen as more or less accidental;

sive or objectionable, and these ratings The chief psychotherapist at one of sin became a relative, sociological matwere by the movie industry itself. A Washington's largest hospitals says, "A ter, and to many a pure fiction....

scene in one of those admitting all normal 12or 13year-old boy or girl He still believed in right and wrong, ages, subject only to parental superexposed to pornographic literature and he still knew when he was doing vision, brought peals of laughter from could develop into a homosexual. You wrong... but he no longer believed

the audience when the drunk tore the can take healthy boys or girls and by he had offended God by it or incurred

His punishment...."parents who are not ashamed of the other gods before the Lord, who do not

Quoting further from Mr. Klein: gospel of Jesus Christ; parents who commit adultery, who do not steal,

"The difference between living this teach their children that we do have a who do not covet their neighbor's wife way, and trying to live righteously beFather in heaven, that we are his spirit or husband, who do not bear false witcause God commands it is profound. children, that he has placed us here on ness against their neighbor; parents

"What used to be an offense against earth for a great and glorious purpose, who love the Lord their God with all

God became 'antisocial'; a sin became that he loves us, that he has given their heart, and with all their soul,

a crime.... Stealing was bad because us commandments along with our and with all their mind, and who love

honesty was the best policy. You tried free agency, that we will receive retheir neighbor as themselves.

to avoid being unfaithful to your mate wards and judgments based on our It is my conviction, and I bear my because it might harm your relationown actions; parents who accept all witness, that this is the only pathway

ship. If you attended religious services, of the commandments as having come to the salvation of mankind, in this

it was to respect a tradition. Virtue from God, to be obeyed for that reason life as well as the life to come, in the

became its own inexplicable reward, for if for no other; parents who have no name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Q

there was no other."(David Raphael

Klein, "Is There a Substitute for God?"

Reader's Digest, March 1970, pp. 5152.)

There is no stability to this kind of philosophy. It changes with the shifting sands of time, place, and circumstance. It is subject to the whims and

habits and philosophies of men. No,

there is nothing man can hold onto with the assurance that each principle will withstand the erosion of society.

Permissiveness has become so acceptable in the society in which we live that many of us are afraid to establish solid, sound guidelines for ourselves as well as for the youth. How important

it is that there be rules and standards by which we live and that these standards be based on solid foundations. There must be meaning to

standards. As Mr. Klein said, "If a

parent must tell a youngster that his life has no meaning, how can he tell him that he should not take drugs?"

(Ibid., p. 53.)

Unless these trends are reversed, nothing but tragedy lies ahead. Great

empires have fallen because their people have lost their way. What to

do about it? Each adult who touches

the life of a young person affects that individual in one way or another. However, the adults who affect the lives of

the youth most profoundly for good or ill are parents. If we are to bring up

our children in the way they should go and travel that way ourselves, we must turn to the basic, simple, sound, unchanging truths of the gospel of Jesus

Christ and make them live in our lives.

What we need today are parents who are converted to the gospel of Jesus

Christ; who are willing to apply it,

believe it, and use it; who pay an honest tithing; who are honest with their

neighbors and debtors; who actually

sustain the authorities of the Church;

and who teach the gospel to their children in such a way that the children will love the Lord.

We need parents with courage, who will stand up and speak up for the right, who are actively involved in government of all levels; parents who are

modest in dress, speech, and conduct;

Era, June 1970 47 *v

Prophet's Story A President Loren C. Dunn

Of the First Council of the Seventy

You were born on the 23rd of Deit descends gradually until it falls upon once lived and flourished on the Americember, 1805, irl the town of Sharon, you. When the light is rested upon can continent. These gold plates are

Windsor County, Vermont. you, you see two personages, whose ultimately entrusted to you, and by

Your father was a farmer, a respectbrightness and glory defy all descripthe gift and power of God you transable farmer but of somewhat humble tion, standing above you in the air. late them into a volume that becomes

circumstances. One of them speaks, calling you by known as the Book of Mormon.

You spent the early years of your name, saying, "This is My Beloved You discover that this book verifies life on your father's farm, which was Son. Hear Him!"(Joseph Smith 2:17.) the truths of the Bible. It establishes

nestled in the rolling, green hills of the You are in the presence of God the the reality of the death, burial, resurstate of Vermont. When you were Father and his Son Jesus Christ. rection, and teachings of Jesus Christ.

nearly ten years old, your family As you gain your composure, you ask It spells out in detail what a man must moved to what is now called Wayne the question as to which of all the do to gain salvation, and it offers all

County in upstate New York, where sects you should join. men a simple test to determine

your family again pursued the occupaYou are instructed to join none of whether or not the volume is true tion of, farmirig; and to help supplethem. You are given other instructions even a test of faith and prayer and

ment the family income, you worked before the great vision closes. reading.

for other farmers in the nearby area. A few days later you recount this The sacred record speaks of baptism,

Some five years after you moved to vision to a minister, and to your surand it becomes evident that divine

New York, there commenced a great prise, he treats the whole thing not authority is necessary to carry out direligious revival in your area; and great only lightly but with great contempt. vine ordinances. In order to fulfill this

multitudes united themselves to difWord of the vision spreads, and you part of the restoration, you are visited ferent religious parties as a result of undergo great persecution. by a personage who identifies himself

this religious fervor. A few who know you, such as the as John the Baptist, who bestows upon

At first there was unity between the farmer for whom you work, stand by you this authority to baptize and perdifferent sects, but as time went on you and refer to your experience as form other ordinances of the priesthood they contended against each other in "the sweet dream of a pureminded of Aaron.

hopes of winning additional converts. boy."(BYU Studies, Spring 1969, p. It is shortly after this that Peter,

You are in your fifteenth year now, 235.) James, and John, angelic beings sent

and your father's family, along with But for the most part you undergo from God, confer upon you the priestall of the families in the area, is great persecution and are astonished hood of Melchizedek in order that the proselyted by the religious faiths. that an obscure boy like you between full and complete, authority to act in

The confusion it creates leads you 14 and 15 years of age could be the the name of God might be restored to say, "Who of all these parties is object of such bitter persecution and to the earth.

right?"especially from men of high standing. It is on April 6, 1830, at Fayette,

While seeking an answer, you come This causes you to say in your heart, Seneca County, State of New York, across a passage of scripture in the Why persecute me for telling the truth? that you organize The Church of Jesus

Bible that says, "If any of you lack For you had seen a vision, you knew Christ of Latterday Saints under divine wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth it, and you knew that God knew it, direction.

to all men liberally, and upbraideth and you could not deny it, neither In 1830 you count six original memnot; and it shall be given him."(Jas. dared you deny it without coming bers of the Church. One year later

1:5.) under the condemnation of God. Noneover 2,000 members attend the second

Never did any passage of scripture theless, the persecution continued. annual conference.

come with more power to the heart It is on the evening of the 21st of As the Church grows, persecution of man than this did at this time to September, 1823, that you are given grows. You organize in New York, but

yours. further divine instructions as an answer persecution soon causes you to remove

In compliance with the biblical adto your prayers. An angel appears, the headquarters of the Church to

monition, you retire to the woods not identifying himself as the Angel Kirtland, Ohio. Finally, as persecution

far from your home on the morning of Moroni. still follows your beleaguered Saints,

a beautiful, clear spring day in 1820; He tells you the Lord has a work you push further toward the frontiers

and you pour out your heart to your for you to do, and he proceeds to of the growing country, and the

Father in heaven in prayer. describe the location of gold plates that Church is moved to Missouri.

To your astonishment, you see a are buried in a nearby hill. You are Ultimately you direct the Saints to

pillar of light exactly over your head told these plates contain a record of drain a swamp on the Illinois side of above the brightness of the sun, and God's dealings with a generation that the Mississippi River and build a city,

which at the time is to become larger sembles and storms the jail, bursting we give of him: That he lives!

than the city of Chicago—Nauvoo is past the jailer, firing shots through "For we saw him, even on the right

its name. the door and through the window. hand of God; and we heard the voice

You enjoy peace for a time, and the Your brother Hyrum is shot dead in bearing record that he is the Only worldwide missionary work goes on; your sight, and one other person is Begotten of the Father

yet the storms of persecution begin to wounded. You spring to the window "That by him, and through him, and

gather again. Charges and counterand are struck immediately by three of him, the worlds are and were crecharges are made. Through the evil shots. You utter your last mortal ated, and the inhabitants thereof are

designs of men, you have already been words, "Oh Lord, my God,"and fall begotten sons and daughters unto arrested 37 times and acquitted each dead. God."(D&C 76:2224.)

time. Yes, your name is Joseph Smith, Jr., I bear my witness to you that Joseph

You are asked to come to Carthage to Prophet of the living God, and though Smith is a prophet of the living God.

stand trial but are fearful because of you seal your testimony with your I bear sacred witness that the power the ruthless, unlawful nature of the blood, the Church of Jesus Christ goes and ordinances of the gospel of Jesus mobs. Nevertheless, on June 24, 1844, on. Today nearly three million revere Christ remain in this church. I bear

you and several associates set out for you as a prophet, seer, revelator; and sacred witness that Joseph Fielding

Carthage. You mention that you are thousands each year are added to that Smith is a prophet of God today. The

going like a lamb to the slaughter, but number. You restored the Church and Lord has spoken, and we have a new

you are calm as a summer's morning. kingdom of God under the direction prophet, seer, and revelator. I bear

You arrive in Carthage, and you are of Jesus Christ. witness that the Church of Jesus Christ

immediately arrested. The governor of Your message concerning the Savior is led by Jesus Christ. I bear sacred

the state promises you protection, but can be summarized best in your own witness that God the Father and his this does not materialize. words: "And now, after the many testiSon Jesus Christ live. I know they live.

And now it is a hot, sultry, summer monies which have been given of him, I know God lives, in the name of Jesus afternoon, June 27, 1844. A mob asthis is the testimony, last of all, which Christ. Amen. O

The Last Dispensation 1pp*l-: Elder Alvin R. Dyer

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

According to the reckoning of man, and complete and perfect union, and In the spring of 1820, God the we are living in the year of 1970 in welding together of dispensations, and Father and his Son Jesus Christ apthe twentieth century. According to the keys, and powers, and glories should peared in a grove of trees near the

prophets who have been given revelatake place, and be revealed from the home of Joseph Smith at Palmyra, tion from God on the subject, we are days of Adam even to the present time. New York. This sacred interview reliving in that period of time designated And not only this, but those things vealed the following:

as the last dispensation, also referred which never have been revealed from 1. The truth about the nature, charto as the "dispensation of the fulness the foundation of the world...."acter, personality, and identity of God

of times."(D&C 128:18.) the Father and of his Son Jesus Christ.

The importance of this period of Some who are not of our conviction 2. That he, Joseph Smith, had been

time, which will be the "finishing or ask the question, "If, as you say, we are chosen and foreordained to be the inend thereof,"can be judged by the living in the last dispensation, what strument of God to establish the last words of the Lord unto the Prophet has transpired to bring this period of dispensation of the gospel of Jesus

Joseph Smith on the subject, part of time upon us?"Christ.

which I shall quote: The answer primarily concerns a 3. That the professed Christian

"... for it is necessary in the usherrestoration of the truths of salvation. It churches then upon the earth did not

ing in of the dispensation of the fulness is now 150 years since the initial event have the truths in them that were of times, which dispensation is now connected with the unfolding of this about to be restored.

beginning to usher in, that a whole period transpired. 4. That the professors, or ministers

Era, June 1970 49 Happy Honeymoon Gown & Peignoir

thereof, were not in possession of the plan of redemption was once again divine truths of redemption and thereplaced upon the threshold of human fore could not teach them. understanding. Like unto other great

5. That the people, though claimprophets of ages past, in the pattern

ing membership in Christ's church, of God's way, there awaited this earnest drew near to the Lord with their lips young prophet, as also upon subsequent but their hearts were far from him, divinely appointed occasions, the meaning that the sealing ordinances revelation of eternal truths from God were not known of. necessary for man's salvation and

6. That the socalled Christian exaltation.

churches taught for doctrine the comThe appearance of God the Father mandments of men. and his Son Jesus Christ to Joseph

7. That they had a form of godliSmith, while giv'.ng answer to his simness but denied the power thereof. ple faith and prayer, proved to be of

Each of the declarations which the far greater significance than that which

Lord made to the Prophet Joseph Smith he could possibly have anticipated, for in the Sacred Grove has farreaching the time had come to usher in the meaning and is to have full effect upon final period of preparation in the culthe plan of salvation in this final dismination of God's work for his children pensation of the gospel. The answers here upon the earth. Joseph Smith

which the Lord gave were not a diswas chosen and had been foreordained paragement of the existing Christian to be a prophet and instrument bodies who had departed from the through whom God would establish truth, though, as announced by him, his kingdom here upon the earth as it they were all wrong in teachings and had been in former intermittent dispractices intended to redeem mankind. pensations. But this final one was to be

truth, by even greater reprisal vindictive no ancharacterized was

Write About There Today of the fulness for it is the dispensation the Christian by Lord against nounced Exciting Le Voy's

Careers: The exclusive societies who were using his name, of times. It is the depository period

WarehouseDistributor- all all truths, all laws, covenants, sincerely, when but doubt were some no who ship and all promises our Heavmade his Fashion Confully perby God of of the truth unaware sultant Programs.

son and real mission pertaining to the enly Father in the premortal period plan of salvation as contained in his of earthlife preparation, and revealed gospel. in part to man at various times in

For the Heavenly Seventies'Bride, and Truly, among these very societies mortality for the redemption and of his glorification are spirit children, of believers Christian were many fullRomantics! for all incurable A sheer

revealed to be fully and made the now hearing noble upon spirits who, of yards circle with peignoir lavished to mankind. had The Lord of restoration, to truths the acavailable were

lace. butheart Pearled flowertossed thus unto the Prophet spoken Joseph cept the abide by and them commandover- with sheer gown tons. Matching Smith. related to this teachings and ments

lay. White, Pink or Blue with White lace. important period of the restitution At the end of a tenyear period of in100% Nylon tricot. P,S,M,L. Peignoir of all things. Many of them would struction, commandment, and revela-

#6845. $21.50. Gown #6545. $19. themselves become leaders and promultion, together with the conferment of

gators of the cause of the restored all necessary keys and powers for the

The Set $38.50 gospel of Jesus Christ. establishment of Christ's church upon

As this sacred interview unfolded on the earth, the Lord proclaimed the that beautiful spring morning of 1820, following revelation to Joseph Smith

See Your Local the glory of the last dispensation of as preparations were made for the

Consultant Voy's Le of the organization on April Church inaugurated. time was The > mortal

or County, 1830, at Fayette, Seneca the personage New6, truth about and of God Mail or M.O. Check

Postpaid in U.S.A. his Son Jesus Christ and their glorious York:

2511 S.W. TEMPLE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84115

"And gave unto him commandments time in which we now live is beset forward. The plan of redemption for

which inspired him; with influences and movements inthose who will accept and live by it is

"And gave him power from on high, tended by the forces of evil to frusoperative today upon the earth. The

by the means which were before pretrate and to interfere with the forces way remains open for the repentant pared, to translate the Book of Morof good and enlightenment that are and seekers of truth; the gospel plan

mon; associated with a dispensation of the with all its pursuasive power can save

"Which contains a record of a fallen gospel of Jesus Christ, and especially and redeem.

people, and the fulness of the gospel of this one since it is the last one. The work of God in this crucial

Jesus Christ to the Gentiles and to the It is not difficult.to detect these evil period is going forward in seeking out

Jews also; forces at work and to observe their the righteous and honest in heart

"Which was given by inspiration, centralization in the human behavioral throughout the world. Concerning its

and is confirmed to others by the minareas, such activities which destroy ultimate victory, the Lord directed this istering of angels, and is declared unto moral and spiritual values. Human becompelling statement to the Prophet

the world by them havior can be noble and lofty, followJoseph Smith, with the quoting of "Proving to the world that the holy ing the patterns which God has given which I shall conclude my remarks.

scriptures are true, and that God does us, but when these patterns are mutated "The works, and the designs, and inspire men and call them to his holy by perspectives of evil that are aimed the purposes of God cannot be fruswork in this age and generation, as at the destruction of the fundamental trated, neither can they come to well as in generations of old; right of agency and spiritual freedom, naught.

"Thereby showing that he is the the result will be as it ever has been, "For God doth not walk in crooked same God yesterday, today, and forthat of decay and retrogression. paths, neither doth he turn to the right

ever. Amen. The conditions of worldwide turbuhand nor to the left, neither doth he

"Therefore, having so great witlence and the unrest of today are but vary from that which he hath said, nesses, by them shall the world be preliminary to the time of devastation therefore his paths are straight, and judged, even as many as shall hereafter which the Master, whose glorious his course is one eternal round.

come to a knowledge of this work. resurrection we particularly recall at "Remember, remember that it is not

"And those who receive it in faith, this time of year, himself declared will the work of God that is frustrated, but and work righteousness, shall receive a transpire in the sequence of the Lord's the work of men."(D&C 3:1-3.)

crown of eternal life; time, and according to the density of I bear testimony of the power of the

"But those who harden their hearts men's wickedness upon the earth. priesthood that is upon the earth, of

in unbelief, and reject it, it shall turn We are to be assured that even in the prophet of God who is upon the to their own condemnation."(D&C the midst of turmoil and strife, the loss earth who sits upon this stand, and of

20:7-15.) of faith and hope by many, the acthe work that is going forth in this the

As the holy scriptures have so celeration of evil among the masses, last dispensation of time, and I do it abundantly attested to, the period of the plan of God moves relentlessly in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. O

Priesthood session Saturday evening, April 4, 1970: SB:

mm"

: Rath to Manhood The

'fX mm: a.

> i -,. Elder Boyd K. Packer -X,:;X::

ll: illAssistant to the Council of the Twelve

MX, mmlllll;::.

mX, 1*1 minnXX: *? "41 '..:

Brethren: Tonight I wish to speak to They are the hills of missionary service, roads, lead downward. All seem to

the boys and to the young men of the of military service, of education, and end in the stagnant swamps of failure.

Aaronic Priesthood. Before you lies the the highest of them all is the mountain I've been across the hills of military

course—uphillpath to manhood.all the Itway.is Butan asuphillyou oflifetimeeternalandmarriage.more to climb,It willbut takeit willa experienceservice andto wouldyou younglike men.to relateDuringan

climb, you become ever stronger and lead you literally to celestial heights. the winter of 1943, World War II was

rise ever higher. There are steep and dangerous places raging in full intensity. I had enlisted

There are some foothills of life that along the way, but somehow the paths in the air force and was assigned to almost every young man will climb. that go around these hills, the easy Thunderbird Field, near Scottsdale,

Era, June 1970 51 Arizona. We were training in openment for my instructor. Why hadn't To help the home teacher, there is

cockpit steerman trainers. he told us? Another second or two in a series of brochures printed on a numOne day there was a crash, and one that spin, and—well, you would have ber of subjects. Among nearly a dozen

of our classmates lost his life. Flight been spared listening to me. His titles in print is this brochure: Suggesschedules were immediately intensinegligence as an instructor had come tions to Priesthood Home Teachers—

fied. This was war and no time to let that close to costing me my life. 'What Can I Do to Help a Boy Enteranyone get jittery. Great responsibility rests upon those ing or Serving in the Military Service.'

The cadets in our class had all soloed, of us who are leaders and teachers and On the front cover is the statement:

and that afternoon found us practicing instructors in the Church. Against the "One of my families has a boy in the

landings at an auxiliary field. At the possibility that one of you, if unwarned, service and another boy who is about

close of the day it was my assignment may, as you enter military service, to be drafted. I'd like to help these

to take one of the planes across the spiritually falter, or stall, or spiritually boys."

valley to the main field. "spinin,"a wonderful program has As the home teacher opens the cover,

Out of curiosity, I decided to fly been prepared. It will see you safely there are important suggestions for

over the crash site. It was plainly visithrough the adventure of military him. Every home teacher in the Church

ble from the air. One could see the service. should have one of these brochures,

spot where the plane had hit, burst into We regard you as the finest generaand for that matter, the other brochures flames, and skidded across the desert tion of young men the Church has ever also. The bishop or his executive secrefloor, burning the chaparral in a long, known. I have heard the Brethren tary can order them from Church

sooty smear. My curiosity satisfied, I comment on experiences of exceptional Distribution. Pretty expensive, though

then headed for the main base. inspiration with our teenagers and—they cost 2c apiece.

We had been taught the various collegeage youth. Did you know that the executive

maneuvers: stalls, loops, spins. In order We have great confidence in you. secretary in the ward and stake, whose

to lose altitude to enter the landing Will you help us take care of you and major assignment is home teaching, pattern, I decided to put the plane into assist us with your buddies? We'll do has been appointed adviser to the

a practice spin. That is the quickest all we can to meet you at every crossbishopric and stake presidency on

way, of course, to lose altitude. road with guidance and help. If you military relations? You can see the

In attempting a recovery from the will volunteer before you leave home correlation in operation there. It's his

spin (perhaps frightened by the to be active and to help with the less job to see that the bishop or stake thoughts of the accident), I was clumsy active, much of the battle will have president knows of every man leaving and overcorrected. Instead of a rebeen won. for military service—even if it is just

covery, the plane shuddered violently, We ask that you subscribe for The to summer camp.

stalled, and then flipped over into a Improvement Era and Church News Another major phase of the program secondary spin. Never have I known yourself. Pay for it yourself before begins as soon as you enter the service.

such panic. I found myself clawing at you leave for military service. Take the When you are at basic training, there

the controls. responsibility for changing the address will be a special course of instruction,

I really don't know what happened. when you move. teaching you how to find the Church

I think probably I let go of the controls. We are asking you to find the in the military service; the wise use of

The plane was used heavily as a trainer Church—look for it—it isn't difficult leisure time; how to conduct meetings;

because it had the capacity almost to to find. But many have failed because your missionary opportunities; and a

fly itself if you'd leave it alone. Finally they have waited and waited to be number of other things. Perhaps you'll

the plane pulled out in a long, sweepfound—and no one knew they were be fortunate enough to be stationed

ing skid, just feet above the desert there. where we have a Latterday Saint

floor. There's an old Chinese proverb that chaplain. Presently we have 30 on

I quickly recovered my composure says: Man who sits with open mouth active duty.

and made a normal landing, with the waiting for roast duck to fly in has We have young men serving in milihope that no one had seen the circus long hunger! tary service from many countries in the

performance! Yesterday we delivered to each of world. This program is prepared so

No doubt you have had a frightening the Regional Representatives of the that it may be adapted to meet the experience where shock set in afterTwelve a kit of materials with all of circumstances in every country.

wards. Long into the night I experithe necessary instructions to hold a Some of you will have served fullenced almost the same panic as I had preservice Church orientation for time missions prior to entering military

in the plane. every member of the Church entering service. In that case, this service can

My buddy, a member of the Church military service. He was given a rebe like a second mission.

from southern Utah, was sleeping in corder, tapes, instructional manuals, Many of the mission fields of the the lower bunk and was awakened by and supplies. Church have been opened by servicemy restlessness. I told him what had We're happy to announce to you that men—in fact, all of them in Asia.

happened and asked, "What did I do within the next few weeks in every These have been the result of Latterwrong?"area of the Church where there is a day Saint servicemen living exemplary

He then told me that his instructor, need, this preservice orientation will lives.

early in their flight training, had be held regularly, so that a young man Before you go into military service, warned them against just such a going into military service will receive each of you will be invited to speak happening. He had pointed out to about three hours of important inin a sacrament meeting. In fact, your

them the singular danger of a secondary struction. bishops have been instructed to regard

spin. He had taken each of his students Your home teacher plays a vital role you much the same as they would a

up and demonstrated how to recover in this program. Be sure you keep him man departing for the mission field.

should it happen. This training, this informed of your plans. He in turn can The home teachers must be alert and

warning, had insured him against moradvise you when this orientation sesnotify the bishop in order that every tal danger. sion will be held. He can even assist young man leaving for military service,

There arose in me an intense resentin arranging transportation for you. though it be for six months'national

52 Era, June 1970 JEFFERSON MINT proudly invites yon to share in a limited edition of this superb tribute medallion that will most certainly become a family treasure.

largerI'hoto dollar.detail.is 39mn. Actualthanenlargedshe aofsilvermedallionto show

k/< i ion (7 MEMORIAL MEDALLION v The renowned Mormon sculptor, Displaying this memorial medallion in your

P&i Edward J. Fraughton, has combined home will serve as a respectful reminder to

rv'his love of the late president with your family of the great leader it represents, at \i\ his consummate artistic skill to the same time giving you endless pleasure beachieve a beautiful basrelief image unsurcause of its unique beauty.

passed in its feeling. Complementing this, on

the reverse side, are some of President McKay's Since it is not available through dealers of memorable words. any kind, it must be ordered directly from

Struck in time - honored, antique bronze, Jefferson Mint. May we suggest you use the

the medallion is presented and protected in a coupon below to be sure of receiving your specially designed, beautifully finished case. medallion.

JEFFERSON MINT, INC.

P.O. Box 11776, Salt Lake City, Utah 8411 1

Please send me of the beautiful President

David O. McKay Memorial Medallions. I am enclosing a check or money order for $ covering the full cost at $3.75 each. (Utah residents include

4'/2% sales tax in addition). I understand that Jefferson

Mint pays the mailing cost. Please allow reasonable

time for delivery.

MY NAME ADDRESS

CITY

STATE ZIP

NOTE: JEFFERSON MINT INC. IS NOT AFFILIATED WITH THE U.S. MINT OR ANY OTHER GOVERNMENTAL AGENCY.

guard training, can be invited to speak to the blessings you would have in any other thing on earth slipping away in a sacrament meeting. civilian life. from me. There was a great temptaSome of you who have served misIn conclusion I return again to the tion to follow his advice. To imbibe

sions have had your temple endowexperience mentioned in the beginning. in those spirits would loosen me up, he

ments. There will be a question in I resented my instructor because he had thought, and restore the confidence I

your minds on the wearing of the failed in his duty to warn me of a had lost. But those spirits are countertemple garment while serving in the mortal danger. The next few days I feit spirits. They lift you, to drop you

military service. The bishop of your wasn't very good at flying. I was tense all the lower.

ward, or the president of your branch, and tied up and frightened. After a We did go to Phoenix that weekend,

has a letter of instruction for you. In particularly bad flight, my instructor but we sought the other kind of spirit

the interview that he has with every said, "What's the matter with you, in association with brethren in the man leaving for military service, you Packer? You're no good at this. Why priesthood and with members of the

will be invited to read the letter. It will can't you loosen up? You keep this up Church in worship service. There came

answer your questions concerning this and we're going to wash you right out an inspiration and a restoration of important matter. of the program."I was afraid to tell confidence. There came an assurance

The First Presidency has declared him what was the matter. And then that has sustained me ever since.

our determination "in obeying, honorhe said, "I have a special assignment It was in the military service that I ing, and sustaining the law"and has for you this weekend. I want you to came to know for sure that Jesus is the

stated, "We believe our young men go into Phoenix and get right good and Christ, that Joseph Smith is a prophet should hold themselves in readiness to drunk. You go get loosened up and of God, that there stands at the head

respond to the call of their government relax, and we can maybe make a pilot of the Church a prophet of God, and to serve in the armed forces."of you."that our Father in heaven will hear

Great effort is being put forth so that You'd have to know how much I and answer prayers and sustain us as if you are called to serve in the miliwanted those silver wings to know we answer the call to enter military tary, you may have the blessings of what a trial that became. I could see service. Of this I bear testimony in the

advancement in the Church similar the thing that I then wanted more than name of Jesus Christ. Amen. O

PPpyppPM'fP "

::,;::..:.::

Applying the Missionary Program '.;.;;...:*s

President S. Dilworth Young

Of the First Council of the Seventy:X,i:

i 1

I shall begin by quoting a scripture nations, first unto the Gentiles and whole stake missionary system is that you all know very well: then to the Jews."(D&C 107:34.) organized around the wards and

"Therefore, let every man stand in However, the application of the branches, their buildings and their his own office, and labor in his own missionary program of the Church people, to work within the framework calling; and let not the head say unto changes as generations and conditions of priesthood correlation.

the feet it hath no need of the feet; for change. For example, we stressed the Where once members helped miswithout the feet how shall the body be doctrine of gathering in a previous sionaries by giving them meals, now

able to stand?"(D&C 84:109.) generation, so it did not matter much members are the best sources of findThe scriptures declaring the prime where converts were made, rural or ing people to whom the missionaries

importance and necessity of the sevenurban. They gathered to Zion. Today might teach the gospel. Because of the

ties'being in the missionary service are we do not gather. Converts are engrowth of the Church, we can correlate

clear and to the point. I shall give you couraged to build the Church in their the vast missionary system with the

but one example: home districts; and so we stress prosewards and stakes and use these units

"The Seventy are to act in the name lyting in everwidening concentric to accelerate and implement our proseof the Lord, under the direction of the circles with the meetinghouse as a lyting purposes.

Twelve or the traveling high council, center. Where once the missionaries There have been great changes in the

in building up the church and reguhad no help from the ward or branch, organization of our units. Where once

lating all the affairs of the same in all its auxiliaries or its people, now the the bishop had inadequate help and

.

Nonsmokers

felt no responsibility for missionarywork, now the whole missionary profeel better, gram centers in the bishop and his helpers in the highly functional meetinghouse and wellorganized auxiliary look healthier, programs. How, then, can the proselyting purposes of the Lord be bestserved in our present situation, keeping breathe easier,

in mind the special calling of the areseventies? Here some suggestions:

seventies presidents serve as work happier, 1. Have

group leaders. The presidents of the

quorums of seventy should be so seplay harder, lected that, as nearly as possible, they can serve as group leaders in theirwards. Remember that all the missionrun faster,

ary work in a stake is done in its wards.

Certainly the seventy presidents shoulddirect the missionary work of their own find food tastier...and

quorum members in the wards in cooperation, of course, with the bishops. life insurance! effective 2. Implement for pay less for methods

finding investigator families. The effort to find prospective converts usually

takes up to 80 percent of a missionary's time in any mission. Fifty years ago it

took from 90 to 100 percent. I as a

missionary spent a hundred percent of my time finding people. The seventies

in the quorum are living in the various wards and should be the backbone of the finding program in each ward. At

all times each seventy and his family should be making friends with and warming up two or more families of nonmembers.

Furthermore, because of the everymember-a-missionary of the program should be Yes, there's a real break for nonsmokers under BeneficialChurch, each home teacher urging the families under his care to Life's new premiumdiscount for its Professional Whole Life find and make friends with nonpolicy. If you do not smoke cigarettes now and have not for

member families also. He should also the past 12 months or more, and if your weight is normal for

his familiesteach the techniques to your height, you can qualify for premium discounts as high as cultivatehelp these them nonmember families. The group leader of the $50 a year on a minimum policy. Savings are even greater on

seventy who is the ward missionary larger policies. Here are some sample discounts:

representative should be alert to this need in the whole ward and keep the

Yourbishop informed, not only but You save help insuranceYour You save insurance priestthe to acquainthim other ward age* (minimum) age* (minimum) hood groups with methods whereby they also can assist in this great find20 $ 5.00 a year 35 $ 25.00 a year

ing program. 25 6.25 40 37.50

3. Use correlation principles in quorum organization. To make missionary 30 12.50 45 50.00

correlation effective in the wards of the Insurance age for females is three years younger than actual age.

stake, it follows that the stake mission presidency should be included among For a nonsmoker's break, or facts about other phases of your the presidents of the quorum of the seventy. It would be expected that this insurance needs, contact your Beneficial Life consultant, or

mission presidency would be chosen write us at 57 W. South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

from the best available seventies or Let's talk about NEW GROWTH FOR YOU!

elders. If elders, they would be ordained seventies in placed the and if you are that means and WE'RE GROWING looking life Isinsuranceyour presidency. stakes those Inquorum opportunisales exciting for or agency management

where the nonmember population is so ties, you should phone collect or write Clyde J. SumBeneficial

large that the members of the stake merhays, CLU, vice presidentmarketing (801) 3648401.mission presidency would have their 9

time fully taken with the work of proselyting, they should be excused Beneficial Life

INSURANCE COMPANY Era, June 1970 55 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Be sure your future missionary has the money he'll need. from group leadership. The quorum

leaders group from the among memOpen a savings account for him now! berspresidents should s then recommend of after the group, approval and

of the stake presidency, should install them. These group leaders should

meet with the quorum council on a regular basis to correlate the work of the quorum in all wards.

4. Enlist aid of auxiliary organiza-

i A I tions. The seventy group leader would

U.S. SILVER be expected to lead out with suggestions

to the ward auxiliary leaders about

DOLLAR correlating their programs to assist in finding prospective members. These

programs may also be of great help in preparing people for baptisms if they are used with wisdom. I do not have

time to give an illustration of that particular point.

5. Understand functions of missionary work in a stake. Missionary work is

1330 divided into three main functions:

a. Finding. The objective of "every

member a missionary"makes every

Li t member responsible for finding investigators and for preparing them to

Special Bonus! receivepare thethemembersmissionaryfor lessons.this importantTo preFree! Silver Dollar! teachersfunction servingis the thoseduty members,of the homewho

should, themselves, be prepared with helps and guides by the seventies group

Act now and receive a rare silver dollar by return leader.b. Teaching. The stake and fullmail—absolutely free—if you open your savings account time missionaries are responsible for

teaching the gospel to those whom the for $50 or more. finders have made ready. This centers

Send check, or money order—or drop in to one of suchin theadditionalpresentationor preliminaryof the lessonsdiscuswith

Zions'convenient locations throughout Utah. Your sionsc. Fellowshipas circumstancesing. Thismay warrant.is the resilver dollar, in its plastic container, will be sent to sponsibility of the home teachers. It

you with your new savings passbook and permanent mightthese newbe familieswell to toassignhelp orientseventiesthem,to signature cards. preferably the same seventies who

helped to convert them.

One of the great responsibilities of

So ZIONS membershome teachersin the ispartmemberto convert thefamilies.nonThese teachers should be seventies

where available. With these families, FIRST NATIONAL the seventies can use their missionary

Dllll J\ 1LM, j)ly> FOUNDED BY BRIGHAM YOUNG IN 1873 findingMissionarytechniquesworktomaygood beadvantage.done by

Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation priesthood holders other than seventies and by women, but the chief responsibility rests on the seventies.

The stake president has the basic

Missionary Savings Account responsibility for the successful operaZions First National Bank tion of the missionary work in the

One Main Street / Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 stake. This missionary work is administered through the stake priesthood

Enclosed find $ Please open a savings account for me executive committee and the stake corSocial Security No relation council, with the high counselor assigned to work with the

Name (1) seventies and the stake mission serving

Name (2) missionaryas adviser matters.to the stake president on

Address The bishop has the responsibility

City. State Zip.

l! 56 for successful operation of missionary Do you not see, my brethren of the ing, easily passed the pureblood horse.

work in the ward, including the fellowseventies, that when the great majority The sad thing is that the pureblood shiping of new converts. Missionary of all missionary work is devoted to had more real quality than the range

work in the ward is administered finding people and persuading them to horses, but by nonuse was soft muscled through the ward priesthood executive listen—and you are charged with that and had no endurance. Had he been

council, holes,committee learned all practical are for gopher and purused, to dodge the ward with finding—you

the seventies leader group as adviser pellmell rushed mission. downhill, poses the stake over and The other

to the bishop on missionary matters. smaller percentage, and the very imthrough brush, been skinned and

In wards where fulltime missionportant percentage—the teaching—is bumped, fallen down, gotten up, been

aries are working, the seventies group yours as soon as you will qualify yourtoughened by adversity and some leader should hold a ward missionary selves for that part. Some of you are failures, he would have outworked and

correlation meeting. It might well be now qualified. The members of the outdistanced the other horses.

attended by all stake and fulltime mission presidency are your leaders. The moral is clear, I suppose. Don't

missionaries working in the ward area. Many years ago I worked for a period leave your cow horses in the corral or

In every ward it should be deterof time on a cow ranch, at the art of hitch them to wagons doing other mined how many possible investigators working with cattle. I was a cowthings if you want them to find and

are available to be taught, and then a puncher. In a corral set to one side round up the cattle.

program should be set up which will was a finelooking, pureblood horse I testify that the Lord has spoken in cause, so far as possible, an even flow with a wellcared-for coat, pared hoofs, this day and has given us the precious of investigators for the stake and fulland combed mane and tail. He was charge of preaching the gospel to the

time missionaries. Families who are the pride of the boss, who rode him world under the direction of the First

cultivating nonmembers under the inwhen he went on fence inspection or Presidency and the Twelve. I sustain

spiration of their home teachers, and in rodeo parades in town. There came them with all my heart, and the First

seventies who are engaged in the pro- a day, however, when there was an Council sustains them with all its gram for finding families, should coremergency. He had to ride after cattle, heart. I bear my witness that President

relate their efforts through the ward and he had to use this horse. For an Joseph Fielding Smith is the chosen

executive committee to bring this about. hour and a half the horse led the successor to President McKay, and that

On the stake level, the quorum counroundup and then, all lather, sweat, his counselors are also called of God.

cil should invite the attendance of and foam, gave out and could not be They have not only my support, but fulltime mission district and zone pushed another step. The rattail also they have my deep and abiding

leaders when correlating missionary cayuses of the other punchers, hardened love. In the name of Jesus Christ.

work in the stake. and toughened from daily, hard drivAmen. O

''.::::::

In Search of Truth

Bishop John H. Vandenberg

Presiding Bishop

My heart, along with your hearts, cess?"And he came right back and "The disappointment of manhood

I am sure, has been softened tonight he said, "To my wonderful, overbearsucceeds to the delusion of youth. Let

by hearing these wonderful boys, their ing mother."us hope that the heritage of old age

sweet, mellow voices. And I want to I wonder tonight how many mothers is not despair."Thus he seemed to

tell them that they may consider themhave been associated with these boys recognize that when one's life is built selves to be successful. I think back on in having them come to their practices. upon delusion, or false belief, it will

something I read a few years ago. It A boy and a mother can reach every only bring grief. Eighteen years later,

was published in Washington, D. C. goal they try for. Perhaps that is the at age 40, he recorded: "Youth is a

They had had a spelling bee, and a key to success. But what happens when blunder; manhood a struggle; old age

young man had won the spelling bee. a boy is left alone? I believe we might a regret."These sad words were writImmediately thereafter a reporter went get the sad story from the words of ten over a hundred years ago, but

up to him and said, "Now, young man, Benjamin Disraeli, who at 22 wrote delusions are still with us. Webster

to what do you attribute your sucthese words: defines delusion as "something accepted

Era, June 1970 57 in the temple, astounding them. When

approached by his parents, he said, "... wist ye not that I must be about

my Father's business?"(Luke 2:49.)

Topping the educator's list on the delusions Consider Saul of Tarsus, a young man who was misled and erroneously of today's youth is the delusion "that convincedbe destroyed.that Hethe tookChristiansup the shouldchase

but was interrupted by Jesus'appearing there is no eternal truth"toDamascus,him in thata visionhe mighton theknowroad theto truth. Then, knowing the truth, he

lost no time in preparing himself for the ministry. Standing in the midst of

as true or real that is actually false or a great light this was, compared to the Mars Hill, he said, "Ye men of Athens, unreal."gas lights of earlier days. And yet this I perceive that in all things ye are too

Abraham Lincoln gave an example artificial light, or any other of the superstitious.

of delusion when he asked on one ocmillions of physical scientific advance- "For as I passed by, and beheld your casion: "How many legs would a sheep ments, cannot compare to the living devotions, I found an altar with this

have if we called the tail a leg?"When light of eternal, spiritual truth. inscription, TO THE UNKNOWN

the answer, "Five,"was given, he corSaid one man: "It matters nothing GOD. Whom therefore ye ignorantly

rected it by explaining that just calling that the Greeks counted the stars in worship, him declare I unto you."

the tail a leg didn't make it one. the thousands, we the galaxies in the (Acts 17:2223.)

The dean of students of a western millions. The human heart, its needs Paul, formerly Saul, continued his

university prepared a list of what he and longings, have always been the ministry for about 28 years, and in his calls the ten delusions of youth. At the same."To know the truth. Changes letter to Timothy he wrote: "For I am

top of his list is the delusion that will come through discovery and renow ready to be offered, and the time "there is no eternal truth."The dean search of temporal things, but let us of my departure is at hand.

claims that many youth today have not confuse such temporal changes with "I have fought a good fight, I have been misled into believing that there the consistency of eternal truth. finished my course, I have kept the

is no eternal truth, because they are Truth is eternal, since God is the faith."(2 Tim. 4:6-7.)

source deceived. everything They assume at 14

changes, Thomas'including the nature of man ofinquiry—"Lord,truth. In hisweanswerknow notto foundConsiderthe sourceJosephof allSmith,knowledgewho when

and the Ten Commandments. This dewhither thou goest; and how can we he read from James, "If any of you

said, seeing the know from a world come lack lusion may "I am wisdom, let him ask of God...."

.".. life. the way, so fast the way?"—Jesustruth, and the that impossible it seems moving (Jas. 1:5.)

to find stability. (John 14:5-6.) It was in search of truth that Joseph,

There are many kinds of eternal You see, Jesus is the authority on 150 years ago, knelt in a grove of trees truth, and all are important. When truth and life, and he wants each of us to pray. Joseph came from a religious

God releases truth to the earth, it is to make inquiry. He wants youth to family and had studied the Bible, but

available to all, and discovery is alknow how things really are, how they the several denominations of churches most simultaneous in many advanced came to be as they are, how they will be interpreted the scripture so differently scientific nations. Evidences of such in the future. This is no different from that he found it impossible to deterphysical truths are all about us, probthe youth of yesteryear. God has mine which was right.

ably one of the most obvious being the planted in the heart of every man the What Joseph expected and hoped to electric light, discovered by Thomas A. longing to inquire and to know. learn in answer to his sincere prayer

Edison by going through certain physi- "... seek, and ye shall find; knock, for knowledge was that either the

cal processes. Edison was acclaimed a and it shall be opened unto you."Baptist, the Methodist, the Presbygenius at incorporating true scientific (Matt. 7:7.) terian, or some other religion he was

principles in practical devices. An The late John A. Widtsoe said: "A acquainted with was true. The reveexcerpt from the New York Times in Sunday wish will not suffice. It must lation that he received was totally

September 1882 describes the early use be an allconsuming, consistent deunexpected and overpowering. But he

of "Edison's Electric Lamp"as follows: sire."God has been very generous in could not deny it, for it came directly

"It was not until about 7 o'clock, calling on youth when revealing his from God and his Son Jesus Christ. As

when it began to grow dark, that the truths. Consider Samuel, who, as a a result of that humble inquiry, God

electric light really made itself known youngster, when God called him, anreestablished his kingdom on earth and showed how bright and steady it swered, "Speak, [Lord]; for thy servant with the attendant authority to adminis. Then the 27 electric lamps in the heareth."(1 Sam. 3:10.) This was his ister its affairs, beginning with the

editorial rooms and the 25 lamps in introduction to a knowledge that God restoration of the Aaronic Priesthood the countingrooms made those departlives and was the beginning of his by John the Baptist as he spoke these ments as bright as day, but without noble, prophetic life. words to Joseph Smith and Oliver

any unpleasant glare. It was a light Consider Nephi, who, in his young Cowdery: "Upon you my fellow

that a man could sit down under and years, said to his father, "I will go and servants, in the name of Messiah I conwrite for hours without the consciousdo the things which the Lord hath fer the Priesthood of Aaron, which ness of having any artificial light about commanded...."(1 Ne. 3:7.) Nephi holds the keys of the ministering of

him.... the light was soft, mellow, gained a knowledge far greater than angels, and of the gospel of repentance,

and grateful to the eye... without a most men achieve. His whole life was and of baptism by immersion for the

particle of flicker and with scarcely that of a prophet. remission of sins; and this shall never

any heat to make the head ache."Consider Jesus, at the age of 12, be taken again from the earth, until

What a marvelous invention! What discussing truth with the learned men the sons of Levi do offer again an

offering unto the Lord in righteousthose who bear the priesthood, are that parents can have than to have all ness."(D&C 13.) missionaries at home, among their astheir children living good lives. "If

And now let us consider youth sociates, mainly by the way they live. you have that great blessing,"he said,

today. There is a body of young men, Jesus said, "If ye continue in my word, "you should thank God every day of

186,000 plus, who have been ordained then are ye my disciples indeed; And your lives."All good parents feel this

and who now bear the Aaronic Priestye shall know the truth, and the truth way about their children. David Klein,

hood. Many of these young men are shall make you free."(John 8:3132.) in an article entitled "Is There a Subwithin this vast audience tonight. God Latterday Saints are not misled. We stitute for God?"printed in the Reader's

has confidence in you and has called have the Bible. We have the Book of Digest, says: "And yet the questions

you to his ministry. He has faith in Mormon. We have the book of modremain. Anyone who can contemplate

you. He trusts you not only to do your ern revelations known as the Doctrine the eye of a housefly, the mechanics of

duty, but also to set the right example and Covenants, and the Pearl of Great human finger movement, the camouto the young ladies with whom you Price. Each of us has the privilege and flage of a moth, or the building of

associate. He has given you his power responsibility of communicating directevery kind of matter from variations in

on earth, the same power by which ly with our Father in heaven through arrangement of proton and electron, this earth and other worlds were prayer. We have a living prophet who and then maintain that all this design

created; the same power by which the receives revelation from God in this happened without a designer, hapwaters of the Red Sea were parted; day to guide us in this fastmoving pened by sheer, blind accident—such a

the same power by which Elijah world. Always follow the leadership person believes in a miracle far more

sealed the heavens so that no rain fell of the First Presidency and the Brethastounding than any in the Bible. To

upon the earth; the same power by ren, and you need not fear the deluregard man, with his arts and aspirawhich Jesus gave sight to the blind, sions of today. tions, his awareness of himself and of

legs to the lame, and new life to the Some young people are carried away his universe, his emotions and his dead. This is the truth that you should by another delusion and cry: "My life morals, his very ability to conceive an

seek after—to know God and his plan is my own!"Your life is not really idea so grand as that of God, to regard

this life. creatureof a eternal as merely given canform of life by your to you your own. It was

higher parents, earthly as evolutionarynot well on the your somewhat as by change truth,Remember—peoplebut truth can change

people. You will experience this as you heavenly parents. And when you act ladder than the others, is to create

continue in your ministry. contrary to the wishes of your earthly questions more profound than those

Prepare yourselves to declare the and heavenly parents, there is sorrow. answered."(Reader's Digest, March

gospel to the nations of the earth. You Hearts of parents everywhere were 1970, p. 55.)

will witness the change that takes touched by the anguished cry of a Be not deluded, brethren; know that

place in the lives of those who listen governor of one of our states whose truth is eternal. Believe in God. And

to your testimonies. Missionaries live son was arrested for stealing. This be eternally grateful that God believes

with these experiences and love them. man said, in speaking at a PTA meetin you. To this truth I testify in the

Many young people, and particularly ing, that there is no greater blessing name of Jesus Christ. Amen. O

ChurchWelfare

Elder Henry D. Taylor

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

My beloved brethren, bearers of the owe him a living, (2) upon his family, provide for himself should then look

Holy Priesthood: and (3) upon the Church, if he is a to his family for assistance. No person

I appreciate the opportunity of faithful member thereof. (Welfare should become a charge upon the pubspeaking to you concerning the Welfare Handbook.) lic welfare or the Church as long as

Plan of the Church. I would like to The Welfare Program stands ready his relatives are able to care for him.

present what I consider to be some of to help those who cannot help themAll Church members should accept the the fundamental principles of this selves or who cannot obtain sufficient responsibility, insofar as they are able, program. aid from family members, but no to care for the needy among their own

In announcing the plan, the First Latterday Saint should anticipate that kin. The apostle Paul understood and

Presidency explained the reason for its anyone, other than himself, will protaught this doctrine in these words:

establishment, stating that it was their vide for his own needs. "But if any provide not for his own,

desire to set up a system whereby unEach of us might profitably ask ourand specially for those of his own desirable practices and procedures selves the question: "What can I do house, he hath denied the faith, and

would be eliminated. Idleness, which to make preparation to care for my own is worse than an infidel."(1 Tim.

they branded as a curse, would be done needs?"Among other things we could 5:8.) A member of the First Presidency

away with; a dole, which they classido are these: once aptly declared: "I think my food

fied evil, would be not only abolished, 1. Secure an adequate education. would choke me if I knew that while

but virtues such as independence, Learn a trade or profession that will I could procure bread, my aged father thrift, industry, and selfrespect would enable us to obtain steady, remuneraand mother or near kin were on public also be established among the people tive employment sufficient to care for relief."

once again. They pointed out that it ourselves and our families. When a person is unable to provide

was the aim of the Church not only to 2. Live strictly within our income, for himself, and his family, likewise, is

take care of the people, when and if and save something for "a rainy day."unable to assist him, he may then turn

necessary, but also to help the people 3. Avoid excessive debt. Necessary to his bishop, who represents the

"to help themselves."And finally, debt should be incurred only after Church; and if he meets the necessary

they expressed hope that the principle careful thought, prayer, and getting all requirements, he may receive assistance.

of work would be so emphasized as to the best advice possible. We would The bishop, father of the ward, is

assure its reenthronement as a ruling keep well within our ability to repay. responsible for the spiritual and temprinciple in the lives of the church Wisely, we have been counseled to poral wellbeing of every member of

membership. "avoid debt as a plague."his ward. He is the key figure in the

It will be observed that idleness is 4. Acquire and store a reserve of Welfare Plan. It is his duty, and his

denounced and work is glorified in this food that will sustain life; acquire only, to determine who shall receive

announcement. The Lord intended clothing; and build a savings account Church assistance and to what extent.

that man should work and not be idle. on a sensible, wellplanned basis that The Lord has given him this mandate.

To our forefather, Adam, he said: "In could serve us well in times of emerThe bishop has at his disposal two

the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat gency. major resources from which to draw in

bread, till thou return unto the Church members should be selfhis responsibility of caring for the ground."(Gen. 3:19.) Later the Lord sustaining to the extent of their own poor:

said to the Church on February 9, 1831 powers. No true Latterday Saint will, 1. Commodities that are placed in

"Thou shalt not be idle; for he that is while physically able, voluntarily shift the bishops storehouses. These comidle shall not eat the bread nor wear from himself to others the burden of modities generally are produced on

the garments of the laborer."(D&C his own support. So long as he can, agricultural projects and processed in

42:42.) under the inspiration of the Almighty canneries owned by the members of

It is a basic principle of Church and with his own strength and labor, wards and stakes. The agricultural

welfare that the responsibility for one's he will supply himself with the necesprojects and canneries are referred to as own economic maintenance rests (1) sities of life. "permanent welfare projects."

upon himself, for the world does not A Church member who is unable to 2. The other major resource at the

disposal of the bishop is the fastThere are many ways that we as From the very beginning the Lord offering funds. These contributions holders of the priesthood can assist the has constantly shown deep concern for

come from members of the Church bishop in his welfare responsibilities: the poor; and in the instructions rewho abstain from two meals each It is the privilege and duty of you garding the Law of Consecration, he

month and pay to the bishop the deacons to visit the homes of the memexpressed again his concern for the equivalent cost of these meals or a bers of the ward each month and reneedy when he said: "I, the Lord,

generous contribution in cash. The ceive their fastoffering contributions, stretched out the heavens, and built the

bishop uses these funds to provide for which are turned over to the bishop. earth, my very handiwork; and all

the cash needs of welfare recipients and As you home teachers visit your asthings therein are mine.

to pay rent, utilities, hospital, and signed families, you can be alert to "And it is my purpose to provide for medical bills. discover any illness, unemployment, or my saints, for all things are mine.

One of the features that distinguishes emergency that might result in need "But it must needs be done in mine the Church Welfare Plan from all for Church assistance. own way "(D&C 104:1416.)

other relief programs is the requirement The members of priesthood quorums It is my testimony, brethren, and I that those physically able are urged or groups should assist the bishop in bear it to you, that the Welfare Proand expected to work within the limits the production of materials for the use gram is the Lord's way of providing of their ability for the Church assisof the bishop in carrying out their for his needy Saints in this our day.

tance they may receive. The Church storehouse program. In meeting this It is an inspired plan that has come as

is strongly opposed to a dole of any responsibility, the bishop has the right revelation through the Holy Ghost to kind, which is interpreted to mean reto call all members of his ward, inour Prophet, the Lord's mouthpiece, ceiving something and giving nothing cluding high priests, seventies, elders, here upon the earth. To this I testify,

in return. We shun handouts or priests, teachers, and deacons. None in the name of the Lord, Jesus Christ.

gratuities. is exempt. Amen. O

The Ibwer and Influence of the Priesthood

President N. Eldon Tanner

Second Counselor in the First Presidency

President Smith, who is presiding at a great privilege, a great blessing, and and aspire to the honors of men, that this meeting and all through the con- a great responsibility to have that they do not learn this one lesson ference, has asked me to conduct, and priesthood bestowed upon us. "That the rights of the priesthood

he has now asked me to say a few words Sometimes our young men feel they are inseparably connected with the to you this evening. should have the priesthood when they powers of heaven, and that the powers

I am always thrilled and inspired reach the respective ages for ordinaof heaven cannot be controlled nor when I meet with the priesthood of tion as deacons, teachers, and priests, handled only upon the principles of

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterregardless of their situation as to their righteousness.

day Saints, which is the priesthood of activity or how they are living. They "That they may be conferred upon

God; and to hear the lovely singing we should realize what a great privilege us, it is true; but when we undertake to

have had this evening, and the fine it is to hold that priesthood. When a cover our sins, or to gratify our pride,

talks to which we have listened, thrills person receives it, he takes upon himour vain ambition, or to exercise conme and inspires me more and more. self a very heavy responsibility. trol or dominion or compulsion upon

The priesthood is the power by which I should like to read just a few words the souls of the children of men, in any all things were created and the power to you, taken from the Doctrine and degree of unrighteousness, behold, the by which God has done those things Covenants: heavens withdraw themselves; the

about which Bishop Vandenberg spoke "Behold, there are many called, but Spirit of the Lord is grieved; and when

this evening; but for us as individuals, few are chosen. And why are they not it is withdrawn, Amen to the priesthood

it is the power of God that has been chosen? or the authority of that man.

delegated to us to act in his name in "Because their hearts are set so "Behold, ere he is aware, he is left the office which we hold. And it is much upon the things of this world, unto himself, to kick against the pricks,

Era June l c>70 61 to persecute the saints, and to fight taining these two priesthoods of which after he hath received it, and altoshall turneth therefrom, not gether their I and the magnifying have spoken, 121:3438.)against God."(D&C

of sins... forgiveness have are sanctified calling,."(D&C by the Spirit referring to those as I interpret that

who fail to magnify their priesthood, or unto the renewing of their bodies. 84:3941.)

who use it as it should not be used. "They become the sons of Moses and The Lord says here that he cannot

I know of many cases where a man has of Aaron and the seed of Abraham, and break his covenant, but if we break gradually failed to magnify his priestthe church and kingdom, and the elect ours, there is no promise.

hood and moved away from activity in of God. "Wherefore, now let every man learn

the Church. As a result, a man who "And also all they who receive this his duty, and to act in the office in

has been very active loses his testimony priesthood receive me, saith the Lord; which he is appointed, in all diligence.

and the Spirit of the Lord withdraws "For he that receiveth my servants "He that is slothful shall not be from him, and he begins to critireceiveth me; counted worthy to stand, and he that

cize those in authority, and to persecute "And he that receiveth me receiveth learns not his duty and shows himself the saints, apostatize, and fight against my Father; not approved shall not be counted

God. "And he that receiveth my Father worthy to stand. Even so. Amen."

We also find these words of the Lord receiveth my Father's kingdom; there- (D&C 107:99100.)

in the Doctrine and Covenants: "The fore all that my Father hath shall be "Therefore, blessed are ye if ye conHoly Ghost shall be thy constant given unto him."(D&C 84:3338.) tinue in my goodness, a light unto the

companion, and thy scepter an un- I should like to emphasize that these Gentiles, and through this priesthood, changing scepter of righteousness and blessings are promised to those who a savior unto my people Israel. The

truth; and thy dominion shall be an magnify their priesthood every day in Lord hath said it."(D&C 86:11.)

everlasting dominion, and without comevery way. We are living in a troubled world,

pulsory means it shall flow unto thee "And this is according to the oath as has been pointed out several times forever and ever"(D&C 121:46)—that and covenant which belongeth to the this day; and the world has reason to

is, if we magnify our priesthood. priesthood. and every right to expect some leader-

I am sure all of you have read the "Therefore, all those who receive the ship somewhere to give direction and oath and covenant of the priesthood, priesthood, receive this oath and coveunderstanding of where to go and what and have heard it many times. To me nant of my Father, which he cannot to do. People need to understand that

it is very important. break, neither can it be moved. there is a purpose in life and what

"For whoso is faithful unto the ob- "But whoso breaketh this covenant that purpose is, and they have every reason to look to the priesthood of God, which is what you brethren have.

You cannot realize and appreciate the influence the priesthood in this

Church could have on the whole world if every man would magnify his priesthood. Brethren, the priesthood, if magnified, is a stabilizing influence and

strength. It should be. Every wife and

mother has a perfect right and responsibility to look to her husband who holds the priesthood for guidance, for strength, and for direction. And he

has the responsibility of magnifying his priesthood so he might be able to give this direction, this security, this strength that is needed in the home.

And he can do this. If he will magnify

his priesthood, he will be magnified by the Lord in the eyes of his family, and his influence will be felt for good.

We have a responsibility to our sisters, boys. Every sister should look

to a brother who holds the priesthood, whether he is 12 years of age or older, and she has a right to expect in him a living example of what the priesthood should be, and to look to him for strength and counsel and direction and to feel safe with him. Every sweetheart

should be able to depend entirely on a young man holding the priesthood who is going out with her. She should be

able to feel he would do anything, even to the giving of his life, to protect her womanhood and her virtue, and would never think of depriving her of it, if he is magnifying his priesthood; and

he will not be tempted if he is thinking of the priesthood that he holds and the responsibility that he has. give me this message: Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

I should like to read to you just a "As weeks tumble into months and Saints."

paragraph from a letter that I received I become engrossed in the fascinating Now this man who writes the letter yesterday to show the importance of practice of law, occasionally there is not a member of the Church, and living the principles of the gospel and comes across the spectrum of this activthe man about whom he writes is his magnifying our priesthood. So many ity a person who is noticeably excepadversary in court. I know the young

of our men believe, but haven't the tional. I have just completed a case man very well. The writer of the letter

courage or the strength to act. If we in which my adversary was a young doesn't know that I know him, but it

could all realize the effect we have on man who exemplified the finest qualishows me, my brethren, that if we magour associates when we live the gospel ties of technical craftsmanship wedded nify our priesthood, if we live as we teachings, I am sure we would all do to moral and spiritual integrity. It should, we will influence the world,

better. This letter comes from a sucdidn't come as any great surprise to and the Lord will magnify us. This is

cessful lawyer in Los Angeles whom I me when I inadvertently discovered my testimony to you, in the name of know fairly well, and he wrote just to that he is a dedicated member of The Jesus Christ. Amen. O

To the Defenders of the Faith

President Harold B. Lee

First Counselor in the First Presidency and President of the Council of the Twelve

I have only one or two matters and calling. Every holder of the Mel- a day of rest. Watchmen, be alert to

about which I would like to speak chizedek Priesthood is to be a defender the "dangers of the night"!

tonight. The first may I introduce by of the faith. The next matter I would like to

relating a dream or a parable taken There are insidious forces among us speak of, for just a moment, is set forth from one of the prophets of the Old that are constantly trying to knock at in a letter from the First Presidency,

Testament, in which was depicted, a our doors and trying to lay traps for which was sent out in August 1913 as watchman on a high tower overlooking our young men and women, particu- a warning to the members of the the countryside, watching for enemies larly those who are unwary and unChurch and which was repeated by that might be coming to destroy, enesophisticated in the ways of the some of the leaders nearer our time mies that were in evidence by clouds of world. I speak of the battle against and could well be repeated today. I

dust of approaching camels or horses, liquor by the drink, gambling, prosread this letter from the First Presior whatever they had. The watchman titution, pornography, and our efforts dency [Pres. Joseph F. Smith, Anthon

was reporting hour by hour down to to aid Christian people who desire to H. Lund, Charles W. Penrose] in 1913.

his lord in the courtyard. "All is well, have one day dedicated to keeping the It has been entitled "A Warning

All is well,"or he reported if he saw Sabbath day holy. All we have to do Voice."

any dangers. is to remember what the Lord said in

But in the dream or the parable the order to impress the importance of "To the Officers and Members of The lord asked: "But watchman, what of keeping the Sabbath day holy: "And Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

the night? Watchman, what of the that thou mayest more fully keep thySaints:

night?"suggesting that more to be self unspotted from the world, thou

feared than the enemies that come in shalt go to the house of prayer and "From the days of Hiram Page (Doc.

the daytime that you can see are the offer up thy sacraments upon my holy and Cov., Sec. 28), at different periods

enemies that come in the night. day."(D&C 59:9.) Defenders of the there have been manifestations from

Now it is about the enemies that faith should be alert, then, to see to delusive spirits to members of the come in the night I want just to make it with all their influence that there is Church. Sometimes these have come

one reference. an opportunity given to the working to men and women who because of

The term "elder,"which is applied man, the boy and the girl, the husband transgression become easy prey to the to all holders of the Melchizedek and the wife to have one day in the ArchDeceiver. At other times people

Priesthood, means a defender of the week when they can be with their famiwho pride themselves on their strict faith. That is our prime responsibility lies and have one day consecrated as observance of the rules and ordinances

Era, June 1970 63 and ceremonies of the Church are led those who issue and trade in them. declaration could be authentic.

astray by false spirits, who exercise an Financial schemes to make money for So we could go on and on. One of

influence so imitative of that which the alleged purpose of 'redeeming our brethren was reported to have said proceeds from a Divine source that even Zion'or providing means for the 'salthat the people of California should these persons, who think they are 'the vation of the dead'or other seemingly move up to the tops of the Rocky very elect,'find it difficult to discern worthy objects, should not deceive Mountains, that only there would be the essential difference. Satan himself anyone acquainted with the order of safety. Contrary to that, we are conhas transformed himself to be apparthe Church, and will result only in stantly saying to our people that safety

ently 'an angel of light'waste of time and labor, which might is where the pure in heart are, and "When visions, dreams, tongues, be devoted now to doing something that there is just as much safety wherprophecy, impressions or any extratangible and worthy and of record on ever you are, if you are living and ordinary gift or inspiration conveys earth and in heaven."(Messages of the keeping the commandments of God.

something out of harmony with the First Presidency, compiled by James R. Brethren, I repeat, don't allow the

accepted revelations of the Church or Clark [Bookcraft, 1970], Vol. 4, pp. works of the devil to be paraded in our

contrary to the decisions of its con285-86.) midst and become the subject of disstituted authorities, Latterday Saints It never ceases to amaze me how courses or lesson materials. Speak of

may know that it is not of God, no gullible some of our Church members the works of righteousness, and the matter how plausible it may appear. are in broadcasting sensational stories, power of the devil will begin to cease

Also, they should understand that dior dreams, or visions, or purported patriamong you.

rections for the guidance of the Church archal blessings, or quotations, or supOne more subject of which I should will come, by revelation, through the posedly from some person's private like to speak. This comes from Presihead. All faithful members are endiary. dent Joseph F. Smith. It is entitled

titled to the inspiration of the Holy For instance, there is one vicious "Persecution Follows Revelation":

Spirit for themselves, their families, story to the effect that one of our Gen- "I do not believe there ever was a and for those over whom they are aperal Authorities is allegedly being people who were guided by revelation, pointed and ordained to preside. But urged to present himself to lead the or acknowledged of the Lord as his

anything at discord with that which Church contrary to the Lord's revelapeople, who were not hated and persecomes from God through the head of tion and to make people think there is cuted by the wicked and the corrupt, the Church is not to be received as some division among the authorities and perhaps no people were ever more authoritative or reliable. In secular of the Church. Investigations have inpersecuted by the wicked and the coras well as spiritual affairs, Saints may dicated that the named writer of these rupt, and perhaps no people were ever

receive Divine guidance and revelation forged letters is fictitious and does not more persecuted than this people would affecting themselves, but this does not exist—can't be found in the records of be if it were in the power of the enemy

convey authority to direct others, and the Church or anywhere. Addresses today to persecute us as it was in the

is not to be accepted when contrary to given are spurious, and yet the amazing power of Nero and the Romans to

Church covenants, doctrine or discithing is that we find that these spurious persecute the Saints in their day. There

pline, or to known facts, demonstrated writings and some of these purported never was a time when it was more truths, or good common sense. No perrevelations, which we found upon infixed and determined in the heart of

son has the right to induce his fellow vestigation are absolutely false, are the wicked to fight against and destroy members of the Church to engage in finding their way into our Relief the kingdom from the earth than now, speculations or take stock in ventures Society meetings, into priesthood quoand their failure will be due only to of any kind on the specious claim of rums, firesides, institutes, and semthe impossibility of the task they have

Divine revelation or vision or dream, inaries. undertaken. And this is an evidence

especially when it is in opposition to Brethren of the priesthood, you to every one... that [God's] priestthe voice of recognized authority, local defenders of the faith, we would wish hood is here, that the Saints, or many

or general. The Lord's Church 'is a that you would plead with our Saints of them, are magnifying their calling

house of order.'It is not governed by to cease promoting the works of the and honoring the priesthood, and also

individual gifts or manifestations, but devil. Spend your time promoting the the Lord, both with their lives and

by the order and power of the Holy works of the Lord, and don't allow with their substance, which are his."

Priesthood as sustained by the voice these things to be found among those (Deseret Weekly News, Vol. 24 [1875],

and vote of the Church in its appointed under your charge, for they are the p. 708.)

conferences. works of Satan, and we are playing You brethren of the priesthood should

"The history of the Church records his game whenever we permit such be well advised that the principle of many pretended revelations by imposthings to be heralded about and rerevelation through proper channels has ters or zealots who believed in the peated and passed about on every side. been at issue in every persecution of

manifestations they sought to lead other One of our brethren is supposed to the Latterday Saints in this dispensapersons to accept, and in every instance, have had a patriarchal blessing saying tion, whether it be on the subject of disappointment, sorrow and disaster that he would preside over the Church priesthood, marriage, the gathering of have resulted therefrom. Financial loss when the Savior came. This is, of Zion, or succession of the priesthood.

and sometimes utter ruin have folcourse, false. Another one among us Maybe this persecution, too, is as a

lowed. We feel it our duty to warn has been said to have declared that thorn in our flesh, as was said by the

the Latterday Saints against fake minthere are some living today who will apostle Paul, to be as the messenger ing schemes which have no warrant see the Savior when he comes. This of Satan, lest we be exalted above

for success beyond the professed spiriagain is fictitious. Well, the Master measure, because of the revelations the

tual manifestations of their projectors said that the time of his coming would Lord has given through his prophets to and the influence gained over the be as a thief in the night, that of the this people.

excited minds of their victims. We time of his coming not even the angels The Prophet Joseph Smith was

caution the Saints against investing of heaven would know. If we would persecuted and hated; his life was

money or property in shares of stock stop to think of it, nobody with any threatened, so much so that he said, which bring no profit to anyone but authority would ever say that such a "Why persecute me for telling the

truth?... For I had seen a vision; I know, I think we ought to do someput to flight some of these spurious

knew it, and I knew that God knew it, thing about that."things that are threatening to destroy

and I could not deny it, neither dared Why, bless your hearts, whenever the unity among our people. The great-

I do it; at least I knew that by so doing we come to a time where we begin to est danger among us today is fear.

I would offend God, and come under deny that there is revelation to this Fear doesn't come of the Lord. Faith

condemnation."(Joseph Smith 2:25.) church, it is tantamount to saying and peace are the fruits of the Spirit.

A few years ago a man came here in that we believe that the power of God May we teach our people where to look our midst and said to one of our brethdoes not exist in our midst today. We to for peace—not peace that can be

ren, "If you people would do away must believe and know for a certainty legislated in the halls of Congress or with one principle in your belief, I and have a sure testimony that God be maintained by armies and navies could join the Church tomorrow."And does reveal, and is now revealing, all and tanks and guns and airplanes, but

our brother asked, "What is that things pertaining to his kingdom today, peace that can come as the Master said principle?"as in every other dispensation of the it would come, by overcoming the

He replied, "If you would do away Church. things of the world. God help us so to

with your belief in presentday revela- I wish that we would understand understand and do and to live as tion, I could join your church."these matters. And you brethren who Latterday Saints are expected to live

Then an amazing statement was are to safeguard the Church, I would in this day of trial and difficulty, I made to me by our brother, the man wish that you would rise up in the pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

who was the Church member: "You power and dignity of your callings and Amen. Q

Magnifying Our Callings in the Priesthood

President Joseph Fielding Smith

::::: I- 1 ""::: ''

My beloved brethren: My feelings This priesthood which we have land Temple, Elijah the prophet reare to bless those, both young and old, received is the power and authority of turned and bestowed upon them the

who are magnifying their callings in God delegated to man on earth to act sealing power, the power to use the the priesthood, and to ask the Lord to in all things for the salvation of men. priesthood to bind on earth and seal

pour out upon them the good things It has come to us in this day through in heaven.

of his Spirit in this life and assure theministry of heavenly messengers Then in 1841 the Lord revealed to them of the riches of eternity in the sent to Joseph Smith and Oliver the Prophet that "the fullness of the life to come. Cowdery. priesthood"was available to men only

With all my heart I say to those When Moroni came to Joseph Smith in the temple, in "a house"built to his who are keeping the commandments, in September 1823, he quoted to him name. (See D&C 124.) And in 1843

who are serving faithfully in the these words which the Lord had given the Prophet said: "If a man gets a

Church, and who are working for the to Malachi: "Behold, I will reveal unto fullness of the priesthood of God, he

good and betterment of mankind genyou the Priesthood, by the hand of has to get it in the same way that erally, with all my heart I say: The Elijah the prophet, before the coming Jesus Christ obtained it, and that was

Lord bless you; and you may rest asof the great and dreadful day of the by keeping all the commandments and

sured that if you continue in the paths Lord."(D&C 2:1.) obeying all the ordinances of the house

of truth and righteousness, he will welTo prepare the way for the coming of the Lord."(Documentary History of

come you into his eternal kingdom and of Elijah and the restoration of the the Church, Vol. 5, p. 244.)

give you an inheritance with the sealing power, because of which men Let me put this in a little different prophets and saints of all ages. may receive the fullness of the priestway. I do not care what office you hold

it is to glorious aposthing the Baptist a in the hood, came know may be an John What in May Church—you

tle, to of offered high a the each of 1829that Lord has and conferred and Joseph upon you may be a patriarch, us the fullness of the priesthood, and Oliver the Aaronic Priesthood. A short priest, or anything else—but you canhas promised us that if we will receive time later Peter, James, and John came not receive the fullness of the priestthis priesthood and magnify our calland gave them the Melchizedek Priesthood and the fullness of eternal reward

ings, we shall gain an everlasting inhood. unless you receive the ordinances of

heritance with him in his kingdom! Then on April 3, 1836, in the Kirtthe house of the Lord; and when you

Era, June 1970 65.

Buy One Book Get One FREE receive these ordinances, the door is to men alone. These blessings are also

FOR JOINING thenblessingsopenwhichso youanycanmanobtaincan gain.all the terspouredandoutuponuponallourthewivesfaithfuland womendaugh-

a of the Church. These good sisters can

prepare themselves, BEEHIVE BOOKCLUB higherDo notofficethinkin becausethe Churchsomeonethanhasyou keeping by the (Purchase $4.95 and choose any $3 Book Free!) have that you are barred from receivcommandments and by serving in the

ing the fullness of the Lord's blessings. Church, for the blessings of the house

You can have them sealed upon you as of the Lord. The Lord offers to his

an elder, if you are faithful; and when daughters every spiritual gift and bless-

'The Lord offers to his foring thatneithercan isbe theobtainedman withoutby his sons,the woman, nor the woman without the daughters every spiritman in the Lord. Now may the blessings of heaven

rest upon those who hold the holy ual gift and blessing priesthood, and upon all our Father's children. Brethren, you possess the

that can be obtained powerand youandholdauthorityin yourofhandsAlmightythe powerGod, to save and exalt yourselves and your

SPIRITUAL ones. ROOTS OF by his sons"loved RELATIONS OF HUMAN There is nothing in all this world $4.95

receive live you them, faithfully and as to of important as each putting us 20 CLASSICS: MORMON these keep covenants, and then first you lives of the in our things God's selling classics these best of many How have get. all that any can man as keeping kingdom, the commandhave? do you

1. Missionary Bible f 5.50 There is no exaltation in the kingments, as magnifying our callings in

2. Missionary Triple Combination 11.00 dom of God without the fullness of the the priesthood, as going to the house

3. Marvelous Work& Wonder 1.95 priesthood, and every man who receives of the Lord and being offered the full-

4. 2.50* the Jesus ChristTalmage the Melchizedek Priesthood so does of ness blessings of the Father's our

2.95*5. Articles of FaithTalmage with oath an a and that covenant he kingdom. 2.95*6. of the House LordTalmage shall exalted. be of brethren the priesthood, Now, my7. of Joseph 4.50 Teachings Smith

covenant part is that on man's The I faith you for your commend8. in and Essentials History Church 5.95

9. Answers to Gospel Questions 5 vols. 3.25 ea.* he will magnify his calling in the labors in the cause of righteousness. I

10. D&C Commentary 4.95 priesthood, and that he will live by commend you for your zeal and devo11. Meet the MormonsGreen 2.95 every word that proceedeth forth from tion in doing the work of the Lord and

12. of Discourses Brigham 4.95 Young the of will mouth God, and that he in using priesthood to your bless man13. Gospel Doctrine-J. 4.95 F.Smith keep the commandments. kind.

14. Art 4.25 MakingHoole of Home

is the covenant Lord's on The part service able Your does not go unHist, ea. of15. Comprehensive vols. 4.50 6 Church

if that does as promises, he noticed then man that by serve God you Hist,16. vols. ea. of whom 7 4.50 Documentary Church

17. Discourses of Joseph Smith 4.95 all that the Father hath shall be given and in whose work you are engaged.

18. Highlights in Life of Pres. McKay 4.95 unto him; and this is such a solemn He has blessed you and he will con19. Mormon DoctrineMcConkie 6.95 and important promise that the Lord tinue to bless you with the good things

20. Book of Mormon DigestHawkes 4.50 swears with an oath that it shall come of the earth, and he will hold in reOTHER SELECTIONS: to pass. serve for you the riches of eternity.

21 Out of the Best Books Vol.V Special 3.00* Those of you who hold the Aaronic And so I pray that you may be

22. Vols. 2,3(1 & 4 outof-print) 1.95 ea* Priesthood have not yet received this blessed and prospered, both temporally

23. BeginningsPearson 2.50* oath that covenant to and belongs and spiritually, which and be you may

24. 2.95* Ancient ApostlesMcKay built in Priesthood, faith the Higher testimony, up do have but you and and Just25. a MinuteLandau 5.50

great of desires the power in hearts given and authority have your you26. Spiritual Roots of Human

righteousness. Aaronic Priesthood the Lord. The Relations 4.95 from—Covey

is a preparatory priesthood schools that I pray that the spirit of love and Free*Suggested Choices and trains us to be worthy of these peace may be in your homes, that

ORDER OTHER BOOKS IN ERA! other great blessings that come later. fathers and sons may work together in

If you serve faithfully as a deacon, love in the priesthood, and that a perteacher, as a as a priest, spirit fect and gain of unity you oneness and may IteehiVe Bookclub the experience acquire abilities the Saints. and prevail all the Latterday among

St. 626 "H"capacities and to enable which you that our Father our I pray help may Salt City, Lake Utah 84103

receive the Melchizedek Priesthood Priesthood and as they brethren Aaronic

Please enroll me as a member and send me a free to magnify your calling in it. prepare for life and safeguard them

catalog. I agree to return the "Review Card"each The Aaronic Priesthood holds the in times of trouble and temptation,

month or else purchasethe"Feature Book"for that keys of the ministering of angels, and and that above all they—and all of

I of preaching every For the gospelmonth. of repentance, of nondiscounted books $20 the keep and comandments us—may

will a receive $4.95 FREE BOOK! lam purchasing of performing and baptism for the reof of the the be worthy companionship

now and will receive a $3 book free for joining. mission of sins. These are very great Holy Spirit.

per person! postage (For handling addOne and 25<J are necessary to I all and prepare of that pray And us have may I blessings sales Inper tax.) ordered. Utah add book 4%% the for the greater blessings even satisfaction joy in peace way the and andhave circled enclosed for the books: above $

of of the blessthe Lord, house those of this the in Lord while work mortal

Print Name ings out of which exaltation comes. probation, and that we may inherit

Address I think we all know that the blesseternal life in the realms ahead, in ings of the priesthood are not confined the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. OCity StateZip.

June ERA

Sunday morning session, April 5, 1970

The Key to Peace Elder Marion G. Romney

Of the Council of the Twelve

Last fall, near the conclusion of a you hear by the power of the Holy peace and goodwill among men and threemission tour in which I had inGhost. I have fasted and prayed that nations.

terviewed personally about 400 missionwe can all enjoy that spirit and power. Our convert's experience is an illusaries, I was abruptly cut down to size I ask you now to join with me in silent tration of how such knowledge brings

by a missionary who, in answer to my prayer to this effect: O God, our Heavpeace to the individual. Peace among

inquiry as to whether he had anything enly Father, let us now speak and listen men and nations will be the natural further he would like to comment on by the power of the Holy Ghost, in sequence when enough individuals or ask, said: "What is so great about the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. have peace in their hearts.

an interview with a General Au- I shall introduce what I have to say How a knowledge of the true and thority?"by quoting from a recent convert: living God inspires men to walk in the

Sparring for time, I responded, "What "I have tried nearly all the churchways of peace is so impressively stated do you mean?"es,"she wrote, "only to feel empty, and by Josephus in his introduction to

To this he replied, "Well, most of yet I had this feeling of something Antiquities of the Jews, which I take the missionaries look forward in anticiimportant in religion.... After trying the liberty to quote. He says:

pation to an interview with a General to find the answer for years and years, "Moses deemed it exceeding necesAuthority, and then they talk about I let my churchgoing drop for three sary, that he who would conduct his it for a long time after. I don't see years, not attending any church at all. own life well, and give laws to others,

anything so great about it."I prayed, though, and I still had this in the first place should consider the

Having recovered my composure, I yearning for this unknown something. Divine nature... and... endeavor to

then said, "Maybe you can answer "Then one Thursday lunchtime a follow after it; neither could [Moses]

this question. Why is it that two men knock came on my door and there himself have a right mind without

can sit side by side in a conference stood two happy young men. They said such a contemplation; nor would anyand then when they leave, one of them they were missionaries from the thing he should write tend to the

says to the other: 'Wasn't that the 'Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday promotion of virtue in his readers;...

most glorious meeting we ever atSaints'and had a message of imporunless they be taught first of all, that tended? It thrilled me.'The other tance to give.... I knew after the God is the Father and Lord of all

responds: 'Oh, I didn't think it was so second visit, this was what I had been things, and that thence he bestows a

It just life.... follow those that him, forwonderful. life upon happy all my sounded"like the searching

to me.'the really notsame old stuff walk in as do but plunges such impressed me most,""What

This morning when I awoke about she continues, "was the new and wonpaths of virtue into inevitable miseries.

5 a.m., these words kept going through derful knowledge that ours was a Now when Moses was desirous to teach

my mind: living God. Now I knew what our this lesson to his countrymen, [con-

"... now I, Nephi, cannot write all God was like. Joseph Smith had seen tinues Josephus,] he did not begin the

the things which were taught among him, and He had flesh and bones as establishment of his laws after the my people; neither am I mighty in we do. This was wonderful to me, for same manner that other legislators did;

writing, like unto speaking; for when before I imagined something spiritual I mean, upon contracts and other rites

a man speaketh by the power of the floating about all over the place. Nothbetween one man and another, but

Holy Ghost the power of the Holy ing to fasten on to. Now our God by raising their minds upward to reGhost carrieth it unto the hearts of the became real to me; someone, no longer gard God, and his creation of the

children of men."(2 Ne. 33:1.) something. This was the answer to all world; and by persuading them, that

My message for today is not at all my muddled thinking."(Millennial we men are the most excellent of the

complicated. It is plain and simple. It Star, June 1960.) creatures of God upon earth. Now

is well known to most of us. I have In her newfound knowledge of the when once he had brought them to subtitled it "The Key to Peace."Its imtrue and living God, this humble mit to religion, he easily persuaded

portance is of the first magnitude. I woman had found what all rightthem to submit to all other things...

realize, however, that it will be just minded people seek: the key to peace [for, concludes Josephus] when he had

the same old stuff unless I speak and peace in one's own heart and soul, and once demonstrated that God was posEra, June 1970 67.

sessed of perfect virtue, he supposed "caught up into an exceedingly high church that Jesus was a true revelation that men also ought to strive after mountain."There "he saw God face of the same true and living God who

[such virtues]."(The Works of Joto face, and he talked with him.... had revealed himself to Adam and to

sephus, pp. 3839.) "And God spake unto Moses, saying: Moses.

Now this is exactly what happens. Behold, I am the Lord God AlBut men in the meridian of time

When men correctly understand and mighty.... were little different than they are now

have faith in the true and living God, "And, behold, thou art my son... or than they were in the days of Adam

they strive to develop within themselves "And I have a work for thee, Moses, and Moses. They loved Satan more

his virtues. He becomes the lodestar my son; and thou art in the similitude than they loved God, and when Satan

of their lives. To emulate him is their of mine Only Begotten; and mine Only came among them and, through his

highest aspiration. As they strive to Begotten is and shall be the Savior...."pagan philosophies and other sophis-

"be... perfect, even as [their] Father (Moses 1:1-4, 6.) tries, taught them "believe it not,"they

which is in heaven is perfect"(Matt. This clear and certain knowledge of believed it not. By 325 a.d. an apostate

5:48), they actually become partakers God the Eternal Father and his Only church had sunk, in its understanding

of his divine nature. In doing so, they Begotten Son and man's likeness and of the true and living God, to the conadd to their faith and knowledge, relationship to them was given to Moses fusion evidenced by the Nicene Creed.

temperance, patience, godliness, brothat the time he led Israel from Egypt. In this awful darkness men strayed

erly kindness, love, and charity, virThe revelation was then necessary, beuntil the nineteenth century.

tues that are perfected in the true and cause during their bondage Israel's Then, in his infinite mercy, "knowliving God. These virtues drive out knowledge of God had been corrupted. ing the calamity which should come

of their hearts selfishness, greed, lust, It was not, however, the first such upon the inhabitants of the earth"if hate, contentions, and war. Happiness, revelation. Following his expulsion they did not come to an understanding

contentment, joy, and peace naturally from the garden, and in answer to his of and faith in the true and living follow. prayers, Adam, at the beginning of God, which would induce them to

The almost universal prescript for the world, "heard the voice of the Lord "seek... the Lord to establish his

peace today is "return to God.""We from the way toward the Garden of righteousness,"God revealed himself

must turn to God to find peace"is Eden"commanding him to offer sacanew.

the cry of rightminded people throughrifices. This he did, whereupon he As in times past he had chosen to

out all the land. It is not because we was visited and instructed by an angel. reveal himself to Adam, Moses, Jesus,

do not know the remedy that peace "And in that day the Holy Ghost fell and others, so now in this last dispenescapes us. It is because we do not upon"him and bore record of both the sation he selected Joseph Smith. When

know the God to whom we must Father and the Son. (See Moses 5:9.) God took him in hand, Joseph was to

return. Adam was taught as clearly and the world but an obscure youth. But

Turning to false gods will not bring specifically as was Moses about the to God he was no stranger. In the

peace. Turning to the gods of mythtrue and living God. To him the Lord heavens he had been chosen by the

ology, heathen gods, graven images, said, "... thou art one in me, a son Lord and foreordained to be the mighty

ethereal gods created in the minds of of God "(Moses 7:68.) prophet of the latterday restoration.

the worldly wise has only increased Adam and Eve made all these things When this boy prophet came out of selfishness, greed, and lust, and has known to their children. But "... the Sacred Grove in the spring of

intensified contention, conflict, and Satan came among them, saying: 1820, he had a sure knowledge of the

strife. What men must do to find... Believe it not;... and they loved true and living God, for he had seen

peace is discover and emulate the true Satan more than God...."(Moses and conversed with him and his Beand living God—the God discovered by 5:13.) loved Son, Jesus Christ.

our recent convert. As God's revelation of himself to He knew with the same certainty as

To find and follow him is the greatMoses was not the first, neither was it did Adam and Moses that these heavest need of this generation, as it has the last. In the meridian of time Jesus enly beings were personages of flesh

been of all generations. Christ, the Firstborn Son of God in the and bone as tangible as man's; that

A knowledge of God is the key to spirit, came to earth as God's Only God did indeed create men in his own peace in the hearts of men and nations Begotten Son in the flesh. One of the image.

on this earth, as much as it is the key purposes of his coming was to reveal Twentyfour years later, Joseph Smith to eternal life in the world beyond the himself and his Father. This he did in sealed with his life's blood his testigrave. Because the knowledge of God no uncertain manner. Paul undermony of the true and living God.

is of such great importance, he has stood and declared this when he said During this short period, having been revealed himself time and again that Jesus was "the express image of endowed from heaven with God's through the ages past. Men are, therehis [Father's] person...."(Heb. 1:3.) priesthood, he had, under divine direcfore, not justified in their continued To those who, at the time of his tion, established The Church of Jesus

ignorance of him. triumphal entry into Jerusalem, inChrist of Latterday Saints, which

In the very first chapter of Genesis, quired, saying: "... who is this Son church through him had received anew

Moses clearly explains the form and of man?... Jesus... said, He that the divine commission to declare the

nature of God in this simple statement: believeth on me, believeth not on me, true and living God in all the world to

"God created man in his own image, but on him that sent me. And he that every creature. (See D&C 68:8; 112:28.)

in the image of God created he him; seeth me seeth him that sent me."This is the mission of The Church

male and female created he them."(John 12:34, 4445.) of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints,

(Gen. 1:27.) In the upper chamber, in response and this it is doing with all its might.

Any man of faith can understand to the request of Philip, "Lord, shew us And now, my beloved brethren and this unambiguous statement. Moses the Father,... Jesus saith unto him sisters, in and out of the Church, all

was not speculating when he thus put... he that hath seen me hath seen you who are within the sound of my

God and men in the same mold. He the Father "(John 14:8-9.) voice, as one whose obligation and

spoke from a personal knowledge. By These teachings were plain enough honor it is to bear witness of the true

the power of the Almighty he had been to convince men in the apostolic and living God, I testify to you that

68 Era, June 1970

I do know that these manifestations to know him, their knowledge and to peace obtained in this manner is which God has given of himself, to faith will work in them a transformamore contention and strife, which will which I have called your attention, are tion that will bring peace not only to eventually culminate in the destruction true. I also bear witness that to every themselves but also to this troubled foretold by the prophets. God grant

soul who will accept him, and seek to world. For the key to peace, for indithat we may choose peace, by seeking

establish his righteousness, will come vidual men and for nations, is the and finding the true and living God.

the peace spoken of by our convert, knowledge of and faith in the true I humbly pray in the name of Jesus and that if enough people will come and living God. The only alternative Christ. Amen. O

Meet Joseph Smith

President Paul H. Dunn

Of the First Council of the Seventy

My brothers and sisters, both seen giving her evaluation in the column One of the best gifts I could give you and unseen throughout the world, this provided for comments. (Incidentally, this morning is an opportunity to know

is a wonderful occasion. another column asks if you would like the Prophet Joseph Smith a little better.

Sister Dunn and I are currently remore information about the Church. I shall not undertake to explain to you

siding in Cambridge, Massachusetts. We have received over forty referrals the accomplishments of Joseph Smith,

It is steeped in American tradition. It from her already.) but I want to tell you about the man,

was the dwelling place for the WashOn this particular day she wrote: the Seer, and the Prophet. I think it is

ingtons, the Franklins, the Reveres, the "The Church is the greatest thing in important that we know the how and

Hancocks. The story is told there of a my life."My wife and I were obviously why of his life, for to do so is to indialogue that was supposed to have filled with joyful emotion. Why? Becrease our understanding and appreoccurred between Mrs. Paul Revere and cause the Church and the gospel with ciation of this "prince of our present

her husband. It is reported that she its ordinances is a "way of life,"and dispensation,"even Joseph Smith, the

said: "I don't care who's coming toby following its teachings we as a famman of whom Brigham Young said:

night. It's my turn to have the horse."ily are finding the true joy and happi- "Jesus Christ excepted, no better man

I am grateful, my brothers and sisters, ness we all seek. ever lived."

for my turn here, to bear solemn witIt was just 150 years ago this spring A life that has become a candle of ness to things that are very close to my that a young lad with simple faith the Lord is a life that all would wish heart, and which I believe completely. asked a very important question: to see more clearly. Such a life was

One hundred thirty miles north of "Which church is right?"That beautiJoseph Smith's—a life given in the

Boston is one of the most beautiful ful spring morning in 1820, God the service of others and a life of love. We

places I have ever seen. Nestled in the Father and his Son Jesus Christ redeclare that he was, without a doubt,

rolling green hills of Windsor County, vealed themselves to a young boy whose one of the most noble sons of our

Vermont, is the birthplace of a prophet name will never perish. That boy was eternal Heavenly Father.

wellbuilt Smith. over Smith, the first prophet of this the Joseph a tall, man, was He On of the Lord—Josephof the originalgrounds dispensation. six feet pounds. stand homesite in height about 210 and

two buildings housing a bureau of inforFor the past two years we have been He had a light skin, light hair, and mation and a religious display center. living in New England and have spent blue eyes that could gaze into the

Recently on one of our trips to the a great deal of time at the birthplace heart of any man. He was as quick as

memorial we had our young daughter of the Prophet. The Lord has hallowed a squirrel, strong as a lion, and mild

Kellie with us. She has been there that spot, and each time we gaze upon as a lamb. One young man said of

many times and is always noticeably the granite shaft that pierces the sky him that "he wore no whiskers, and affected by the inner peace and spirit over the place where he was born, our that altogether, he presented a very that prevails. She never leaves that hearts fill with joy and the Spirit formidable appearance, being a man

building without signing her name in whispers to us, "He was indeed a of gentlemanly bearing."A young

the guest book provided for visitors and prophet."lady said that there were no pictures

of him in existence that can compare with the majesty of his presence. His

wife said no one could capture his true countenance because his expression and countenance changed with his moods.

As one looks more deeply into his personality, experiences, and character, one can see a remarkable blend of

Christlike qualities. His peers spoke of

his solemnity in sacred moments, yet are much pleased at his prophetic wit, his love of music, poetry, drama, and, very notably, his hearty laughter. They

were continually amazed at his versatility in changing pace. He could move

from studying the scriptures or any of his four foreign languages to playing ball, wrestling, jumping at a mark, and back again to studying. All people

jovial appearhis easy recognizecould AY MERRILL ALAN WAYNE DONNIE JIMMY MARIE activities in GEORGE engagedance he was when PHOTO TAKEN) (VIRL WHEN ON MISSIONS & TOM his to note quick were theyof fun, but dislike of anything that was degrading or vulgar. He could reprove betimes with 0&te%&

forth always showedsharpness and of love. "Iafterwards am THE OSMOND FAMILY PRESENT FOR YOUR LISTENING PLEASURE an increase

determined,"he said, "while I lead it right."this to lead church "THE NEW(KING JAMESTESTAMENTVERSION) rugged and free a Smith was Joseph

outdoor man. He delighted in physical and

work and taught that it was a Godgiven principle to keep our bodies THE BOOK OF MORMON'of the buildingstrong. During the IN HANDY, PORTABLE CASSETTE FORM often work he would Temple,Nauvoo

in the rock quarry. Many people

learned of the restoration of the gospel through while working at his side in quarry, n or the hayfield.in the forest, a strong and abid- //KNOWLEDGE UNLIMITED Smith had Joseph

RECORDING HIGH FIDELITY and INSPIRING BRILLIANT SOUNDFULL Christ and of Jesus theing testimony QUALITY UNITHIGHEST RECORDING AND PLAYBACK PORTABLE COMPLETELY pass in whichnever let an opportunity he could tell others of the knowledge he had. When he spoke, he seemed to JlioteK aid &vi*i f

shake the very earth, and the people UTILIZE ODD MOMENTS TO IMPROVE YOUR KNOWLEDGE OF THE GOSPEL said that he had the appearance of one GROW MENTALLY & SPIRITUALLY that was heaven borne while preaching. IDEAL FOR MISSIONARIES

Not only did he speak with the Spirit, but the records show that at one timeor another in his life he possessed RECORDER/PLAYBACK every spiritual gift, and one of his most THE EXCITING NEW in these uttered teachings wasprofound this "OSBRO"CASSETTE UNIT "I have made he said,words when my rule: When God commands, do it."

In carrying out God's commandents,

Joseph possessed the rare Christlikecombination of what Carl Sandburg $59"called "velvet and steel,"which can move people with gentleness, meekness, and love unfeigned, without threat or force. If the world would only learnGod's commandments and live like TAPES

Joseph Smith, what a wonderful world this would be. TESTAMENT THE NEW

(KING JAMES President VERSION). $59.95 McKay often told us that

love. like Joseph become we whatwe KNOWLEDGE UNLIMITED BOOK OF MORMON 159.95

like him. Christloved became and He

said, "I want to become a smooth shaft in the quiver of the Almighty,""My OTHER RELIGIOUS TAPES AND EDUCATIONAL TAPES WILL

BE AVAILABLE SOON. SEND FOR FREE BROCHURE.

334 Washington Boulevard, Ogden, Utah 84404 - or - P. O. Box AC, Panorama City, California 9141

Era, June 1970 71 Introducing

voice is always for peace,"and "Jesus

Christ is my great counselor."

He was a man, like any of us, but unlike us today, he endured unspeakable suffering and persecution. He was

driven from four states, lost six children in birth, was tarred and feathered, was poisoned; yet he led his people with

great courage and said, "I cannot deny what I know to be true."

Brigham Young said that he lived one thousand years in 38, and although INTERLAKEN ESTATES he was mobbed and beaten, Lydia

Baily said, "His face shown with the

In Utah's Beautiful Heber Valley mellow radiance of an astral lamp."

like Peter, led like Moses, spoke He building lots available that will make a dream come true for your second home like Paul. wrote Wilford and Woodruff said, "His mind, like Enoch's,

40 minutes from Salt Lake expands as eternity, and God alone can 30 minutes from Provo comprehendIn knowledgehis soul."and understanding of

the gospel, unsurpassed. he was Joseph A great new 18hole golf course within walking

left record Smith fifteen hundred on distance statements that spoke of the future.

An attractive investment opportunity in an excitMany hundreds of these have already ing growth area wecomewillto pass,see theand fulfillmentin our ownoflifetimemany

Complete more. You may pick at random any utilities—electricity—water—sewage of his writings and find more about disposal

Year round activities in crisp mountain air Histhe lastwritings,days letters,than inandthe spokenentire wordsBible.

are so extensive that it seems almost

Telephone collect 3640447 (Mon. thru Fri. 8-5) impossible that one man could do so

little time. in so of much Book The

Saturday and Sunday and after 5 p.m. in Salt Lake 485-*8990 of books the Mormon, Moses and

in Provo 2252993 Abraham, and the Doctrine and Covenants, all of which he recorded under revelation, total 830 pages, and his

Interlaken Estates own history, speeches, and minutes 223 South 7th East total over 3,200 pages.

Salt Lake City, Utah We have been called the happiest people earth, of our hapon and much Yes Sir! Those Heber Valley Mountains and the attraction of golfing, swimming, piness living truths the comes from

boating, fishing, horseback riding, skiing and snowmobiling sound like part of my revealed to us by Joseph Smith.

dream for the future for complete relaxed living. Please send me more information. If any man was taught by God and

angels, Joseph Smith was that man.

Name. He was a spiritual amphibian, with

one foot on earth and one foot in

Address heaven. Edward Stevenson says, "He

possessed an infinity of knowledge."

City... State t Zip Code And Wilford Woodruff said, "He

seemed a fountain of knowledge from whose mouth streams of eternal wisdom flowed."Parley P. Pratt said, "He

could gaze into eternity, penetrate the

NEW FLAVOR CONVENIENCE heavens,Joseph andSmithcomprehendtaught thatallthisworlds."great

IDAHO nation of America was a choice land that came into being under the Lord's MASHED direction, and he bore a strong testimony of the divine importance of the work done by the founding fathers of POTATOES this great country. He said, "The ConIdeal for fund raising projects and home stitution of the United States is a

storage programs... glorious standard; it is founded in the

It is of God. wisdom a heavenly banit is to Scalloped, Au Gratin, Diced and Hash ner; all those are privileged who

Brown Potatoes are also available. with the sweets of its liberty, like the

cooling shades and refreshing waters

Write for prices and order blanks of a great rock in a thirsty and weary

Idaho Fresh Pak, Inc., P.O. Box 302, Lewisville, Idaho 83431

land. It is like a great tree under whose taught that God is our Father and that it was written, "The blow that subdued

branches men from every clime can be Christ is not only his Son, but also Joseph Smith has palsied the arm of shielded from the burning rays of the our elder brother. The Christian Mormonism. They will now scatter in

sun."(Documentary History of the churches of the day said, "We believe the four winds and gradually merge in

Church, Vol. 3, p. 304.) in God,"but Joseph Smith said, "I saw the great mass of society."(Boston

He never asked for a light load, but God and Christ and they did in reality Globe, June 27, 1844.) This congregarather he prayed for a strong back; speak to me."He was persecuted for tion today and the millions in our

and he was indeed a prophet, for his saying that he had seen a vision, yet listening audience refute those words.

constant plea was: "Oh Lord, what it was true. Not only has he made The enemies of God were sure that

shall I do?"Those who listened to his known to us that God exists, but also by killing the Prophet, they had deprayers marveled at the spirit he prethat he is ever willing to answer our stroyed the truth; yet it lives, greater

sented and learned in their own lives prayers. and stronger with each passing year. It

that the heavens could literally be Prayer is the soul's sincere desire, is indestructible, for it is the work of opened. They understood what he says a great hymn, and if Joseph Smith God, and knowing that it is the work

meant when he taught: "It is the first gave us nothing else, he set the examof God, we know that Joseph Smith,

principle of the gospel to know for a ple whereby we could have our desires who was God's chosen servant, is a certainty the character of God, and to fulfilled and our hearts made clean prophet, holy and true, for he said, "I know that we may converse with Him and pure. Thus, on his way to Carobtained power or the principles of

as one man converses with another."thage before he was martyred, he said, truth and virtue, which will last when

(DHC, Vol. 6, p. 305.) "My conscience is void of offense."I am dead and gone."

Someone has said that the greatest "I am not afraid to die."He spoke as It is my personal witness that he was

of all discoveries is when a man dis- a man whose life could stand inspecand is a prophet. His mantle fell upon

covers God. Joseph Smith made availtion before the Master. succeeding prophets and rests upon the

able to the world, with no exceptions, On that fateful day in 1844, he was shoulders of Joseph Fielding Smith tothe true nature and knowledge of God, killed by a mob of about 150 men with day. In the name of Jesus Christ.

a personal and loving Father. He painted faces. At the time of his death Amen. Q

An Unwavering Faith

Elder Delbert L. Stapley

Of the Council of the Twelve

"'!:.. '.:

My dear brethren and sisters and "A double minded man is unstable "Faith is manifested in works; and that

friends: I am grateful for the introducin all his ways."(Jas. 1:5-8.) is what wisdom is, the application of

tion to my theme by our beloved Joseph Smith, a modern prophet, knowledge to daily life and the perBrother Dunn, who has just spoken. had his faith tested as a boy when he formance of good deeds... wisdom

The following scripture from the writwatched the members of his family never comes by chance; it requires

ings of the apostle James will serve become influenced by the conflicting effort and its source is God. If I were

as the theme for my discourse. He doctrines the revivalists of his day were to ask you to name the soul's greatest

said: preaching. achievement, I would have you answer

"If any of you lack wisdom, let him The promise of this scripture wisdom, not knowledge. You may get

ask of God, that giveth to all men prompted him to "ask of God."His all the knowledge in the world, but if

liberally, and upbraideth not; and it earnest prayer led to the restoration of you lack wisdom, you might be as a

shall be given him. Christ's church in this last dispensahigh powered engine without balance."

"But let him ask in faith, nothing tion of his providence to man. The Wisdom, then, is putting knowledge

wavering. For he that wavereth is application of this quote is not reto proper use.

like a wave of the sea driven with the stricted. God is no respecter of persons. In these latter days God has admonwind and tossed. (See Acts 10:34.) This promise is open ished his people to seek wisdom:

"For let not that man [he that to everyone earnestly seeking light and "And as all have not faith, seek ye wavereth] think that he shall receive truth. diligently and teach one another words

any thing of the Lord. President David O. McKay has said: of wisdom; yea, seek ye out of the best

Era, June 1970 73 of seek learning, wisdom; wherefore didst thou doubt?"(Matt.

faith."MISSION bookseven bywordsstudy and 14:3031.) also by (D&C

into a POSSIBLE? 88:118.)How can meaningful wisdom be aclightedDarknessroom cannotany morebe thantakendoubt can

quired except by prayer and an unbe created in a heart where true faith wavering faith? If we find it necessary exists.

to analyze, evaluate, and question our The comparison the Lord makes befaith without end, do we really have tween the wavering soul and the wave faith? Is it steadfast of and sea driven unwavering? the with the winds and k lives the laws without tossed the has touched Do we observe of many. of God

measuring their pros and cons? Having Most of us have seen the calm seas,

an unwavering faith is applying a speand at other times the damage caused cific principle to daily living. Let me when the winds become intense and

illustrate: the waves rise and become powerful,

Each person who commits himself destructive forces. A parallel can be

agrees, if he has the habit, to give drawn to the buffetings of Satan. When

up the use of tobacco. He sees others we are serene and on the Lord's side,

around him using it and has to be Satan's influence is not felt; but when

strong in his desire to overcome the we cross over and are deceived by the habit. So he applies himself to that winds of false doctrine, by the waves of

resolve by sheer determination of will. manmade philosophies and sophisLater he thinks about the temptatries, we can be drenched, submerged,

tion, but he can live next to it and not and even drowned in the depths of yield to the temptation. He gains a disbelief, and the Spirit of the Lord

satisfaction in keeping his pledge, and driven completely from our lives.

it isn't a problem anymore. The prinThese deceived and wavering souls

ciple is there; he recognizes it and is cannot, because of their incontinence,

able to live it. expect to receive anything of the Lord.

Finally, with assurance, he says, Those who have knowingly sinned "What principle?"He no longer has against God's commandments are torto reevaluate. It is just the way to live. mented by the buffetings of Satan

There are many references in the until, through sincere repentance, a scriptures to those having unwavering forsaking of sin, and the reordering of faith. One is Abraham, whom God their lives to the divine will, there is

commanded to offer up his only son a cleansing of soul and a feeling of forIsaac as a sacrifice to the Lord. Abragiveness for their transgressions. Those

ham made the preparations, took Isaac renewed in faith testify that the period to the land of Moriah, built an altar of their sinning was the unhappiest upon a mountain, and was ready to time of their lives. Paying the penalty

sacrifice him, but an angel forbade for their mistakes has strengthened him, saying: them to resolve with an unwavering

"Lay not thine hand upon the lad, faith to follow an undeviating path of neither do thou any thing unto him: righteousness.

for now I know that thou fearest God, The trends today are away from seeing thou hast not withheld thy son, gospel teachings. If these trends conthine only son from me."(Gen. 22:12.) tinue, destruction will result, because

Another example is the prophet God will not be mocked. His judgNoah, who lived in the days when the ments are sure to fall upon the wicked

wickedness of men caused the Lord to—he has so decreed through his an-

... HEAD FOR HIBBS "repent"for having created man. The cient and modern prophets.

AND SAVE 10% scripturesgrace in therecord:eyes of"Butthe Lord."Noah found(Gen. andIn increasingthe midstpowersof unrest,of evilfrustration,to violate

If you have a mission in your 6:8.) the principles and standards of the

gospel, parents, faithful, teachers, his adleaders unwavering Through andfuture, that remember how to the counsels to need herence and of God, wisdom judgment and cope big part will play ayou look the disturbing scoffing ridicule despite the with from and problems that conin how you will be received. the people to his warnings of their front the youth of today.

And HIBBS has the look apapproaching destruction, Noah and his An unwavering faith should be depropriate for your new callfamily won God's protecting power veloped early in life. Solomon couning. In addition, well give and were the only ones saved from the seled: "Train up a child in the way

you a 10% discount on your flood.The apostle Peter wavered in faith hewillshouldnot departgo: andfromwhenit."he(Prov.is old,22:6.)he

complete mission outfit now when, at the Lord's bidding, he walked This faith was built into the and when you return home. toward him on the water. Prophet Joseph Smith in his youth.

"But when he saw the wind boisterWith all his heart he believed the ous, he was afraid; and beginning to Lord would fulfill the promise if he

sink, he cried... Lord, save me. possessed an unfaltering faith and was

"And immediately Jesus stretched honest and sincere in his desire to forth his hand, and caught him, and know the truth and find the right way said unto him, O thou of little faith, to God.

210 South Main 74 r FIFTH ANNUAL Too many young people are being Faith in God brings peace to the soul PRIESTHOOD taught concepts in school and elsewhere and an assurance that he is our Eternalthat do not harmonize with the teachFather into whose presence by prayer GENEALOGICA ings of the gospel of Christ. They are we can go for comfort and guidance.encouraged to find out for themselves, The final verse in the topic quotaRESEARCH

to try this and try that. This deviattion gives us the description of the

likely looseness permits to waver.ing approach person and who is "A SEMINAR

in all appetites.uncontrolled is unstable Lord has double minded The man

said: "... seek me diligently and ye his ways."(Jas. 1:8.) To avoid being

shall find me; ask, and ye shall receive; a doubleminded, unstable person, the

knock, and it shall he opened unto Lord has designated the path to follow.

you."(D&C 88:63.) "No man,"he said, "can serve two

This is different from following the masters: for either he will hate the one,

whims of those influenced by Satan and love the other; or else he will hold

and experimenting with injurious subto the one, and despise the other. Ye

stances or engaging in immoral praccannot serve God and mammon."

tices. (Matt. 6:24.)

Those souls who waver in faith are If we lack wisdom and ask with an driven off course by listening to every unwavering faith and with an eye sindoctrine dictated by the agents of evil. gle to the glory of God, we will have

They lose the Spirit and drift into a body filled with light that compredarkness of mind and often end up as hends all things. (See D&C 88:67.)

apostates to truth and righteousness. Anything less than this pales into inAll of us should strive to follow the significance.

counsel of Paul: "Let us hold fast [to] God has not left us alone to face

the profession of our faith without the powers of evil. He has prescribedwavering "(Heb. 10:23.) the way to free us from the stratagems AUGUST 3-7, 1970

our hearts in of to prepare Satan. Our duty is

cleanse iniquity, forsakerighteousness, Don't we all, through the Savior's BYU CAMPUS our souls of evil, not become beguiled sacrifice, require his intervention with by enticing and flattering words or the our Eternal Father and his help to of designing deceitsvain salvation, exaltation, and who achieve men Brigham University again hosts Young of misthe paths lead us glory?would down this in excellent fiveday seminar

ery to destruction. He said, "I am the way, the truth, cooperation with the Genealogical

Is man so wise, so vain, and so selfand the life: no man cometh unto the Society.

centered that he does not require diFather, but by me."(John 14:6.)

vine aid? The wisdom of the world is I testify there is no other way into A wide variety of classes will be

foolishness with God. (See 1 Cor. 3:19.) the kingdom of God, for the Savior taught by wellqualified faculty

Yet man, in his own considered imporsaid, "... seek ye first the kingdom of members. Beginners as well as

will genealogists benefit all experienced selfsufficiency, thinks righteousness; his andtance and he God, and

vast the from information to be in life shall along things you."successfully these unto be addedcan

at presented Special seminar. the

help. (Matt. remem- 6:33.) must God'swithout getWe will youth courses also genealogy

for apostle Peter do can a nothing wiselyber that admonThe man be taught.

himself unless God directs him in the ished:

right way, and the priesthood is for "Humble yourselves therefore under A highlight of each day will be a that purpose. the mighty hand of God, that he may devotional assembly featuring

The selfsufficiency that comes from exalt you in due time: General Authorities of The Church

man's personal development, advance- "Be sober, be vigilant; because your of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

ment, and accomplishments in all adversary the devil, as a roaring lion, Food and lodging will be available on fields of learning often causes him to walketh about, seeking whom he may campus. Check with your

all this devour:forget the source from which

to his is released underknowledge "Whom resist stedfast in faith...."committeeward genealogicalleader or

standing. Mankind cannot forget God (1 Pet. 5:6, 8-9.) write today for

and survive. To forget God is to forLiving the gospel of Christ is man's full information.

sake him, and to forsake him brings only path of safety in this turbulent his judgments upon an unrighteous and sinful world. We do have a dispeople. cordant wavering multitude to whom

For any person, young or old, the nothing seems right. There are too Brigham Young University

only way to learn what is right and to many voices attempting to steady the Department of Special Courses determine the proper course to follow ark of the covenant. and Conferences

is to "ask of God, that giveth to all The Prophet Joseph Smith and his Room 242 Herald R. Clark Building

men liberally, and upbraideth not."brother Hyrum sealed their testimonies Provo, Utah 84601

God does not upbraid anyone who to the truthfulness of God's latterday Please send me complete information earnestly and humbly seeks him in work with their life's blood, which act on the Priesthood Genealogical faith and prayer for wisdom and guidfulfills a statement of the apostle Paul Research Seminar.

ance. He welcomes it. He is our to the Hebrew saints:

Heavenly Father. He wants to help us "For where a testament is, there Name

if listen will also of necessity be the death of only to him; must ask and we

Address spirit the testator. one's asking, inbut and attitude

must be right to obtain an answer. "For a testament is of force after City:...

State Zip

Era, June 1970 75 men are dead: otherwise it is of no "If any of you lack wisdom, let him true to our trusts, walking always in

strength at all while the testator livask of God, that giveth to all men libobedience to the commandments. I

eth."(Heb. 9:1617.) erally, and upbraideth not; and it shall know The Church of Jesus Christ of

I humbly encourage all listening who be given him. Latterday Saints is true. I know the

earnestly and sincerely desire to know "But let him ask in faith, nothing gospel is true. I know that the gospel

God's will to study the gospel plan of wavering. For he that wavereth is like is the power of God unto salvation. I

his Son, Jesus Christ. Pray about it a wave of the sea driven with the wind know that we are divinely led today

and put this promise of James to the and tossed. and that the Church invites sincere,

test. I assure you that God will not "For let not that man think that he faithful children of God of all ages and

fail to give you an answer. The warmth shall receive any thing of the Lord. nationalities to come unto Christ and

of the Spirit will enter your soul and "A double minded man is unstable prepare themselves worthily to enter peace and contentment into your heart. in all his ways."his kingdom. May we all have a desire

I repeat again the statement by the I humbly pray, my brothers and to do so, I humbly pray in the name of apostle James: sisters, that we will be faithful and Jesus Christ. Amen. O

The Birth ofTruth Elder Hugh B. Brown

Of the Council of the Twelve

My brethren and sisters, it is a joy faith. Only faith that is grounded in dure the fires of persecution, opposition,

to be home again. After a globe- a courageous search for truth is worthy rejection, and hatred. Truth crushed

encircling journey, which results often of the student. We should reject every to earth shall rise again.

in a better understanding of the peoples temptation to irrationality, overcome Perhaps it was this thought of the of other lands and cultures, I return every inclination to disregard or distort permanence and eternal endurance of with an increased appreciation of our the facts, avoid the extremes of fanatitruth which prompted Oliver Wendell own beloved America, its freedoms, and cism, and above all else, demand the Holmes to write his illuminating poetic its opportunities. truth. Here is the firm foundation for essay on "The Battle for Survival of

It is my impression also that people our religion—a religion that describes Newborn Truths."He said:

of all lands and cultures have an inthe glory of God as intelligence and creasing hunger for truth and an openproclaims that man is saved no faster "The time is wracked with birth pangs, minded attitude toward new truths. than he gains knowledge. Every hour brings forth some gasping

Thinking men everywhere are seeking Just as the truths of science must be truth, for light. There is, in fact, a worldtested and verified by reason and And truth, newborn, looks a misshapen,

wide quest for truth. factual investigation, so the moral and and untimely growth,

Leaders in both religious and scienspiritual truths which the world is The terror of the household, and its tific fields are asking for a revival of seeking from its prophets must be shame, learning and a broadminded attitude proved and validated in the experience A monster coiling in its nurse's lap toward truth—wherever it may be of men. In his search for truth, every That some would strangle, some would

found. Let me remind you, however, man must be true to himself. He must only starve,

that broadmindedness too often is answer to his own reason and to his But still it breathes, and passed from nothing but a flattening out of highown moral conscience. Anything less hand to hand,

mindedness! than this would betray his dignity as And suckled at a hundred halfclad

The good life is a life that is pur- a human being and a child of God. breasts,

sued intelligently, toward the cultivaTrue dignity is never won by place, Comes slowly to its stature and its tion of genuine spirituality that is and it is never lost when honors are form, grounded in faith and knowledge, that withdrawn. Especially in the realms of Calms the rough ridges of its dragon

is dedicated to truth. spiritual and religious endeavor where scales,

Faith is the ground of all religion, faith ventures into untried fields, truth Changes to shining locks its snaky but there is no special virtue in blind must meet the test of unbelief and enhair,

And moves transfigured into angel and the spiritual things forgotten? Or "And in the midst of the seven

guise, may we expect in fields of moral candlesticks one like unto the Son of

Welcomed by all who cursed its hour growth and spiritual enlightenment to man, clothed with a garment down to of birth find new truth and revelation from the foot, and girt about... with a

And folded in the same encircling arms God? When he said he would pour out golden girdle.

That cast it like a serpent from their his Spirit upon all flesh, I think he did "His head and his hairs were white hold."not intend to limit his inspiration to like wool, as white as snow; and his

those who are working with material eyes were as a flame of fire;

truth—truthLet us discussthat somehas hadnewlyjustrevealedsuch a thingstoo, therealone,is needfor inforthesomethingspiritual new.realm, as "Andif theyhis burnedfeet likein untoa furnace;fine brass,and

reception and experience as the poet You will remember when Peter and his voice as the sound of many waters.

mentions, for it was thought to be "a John went up to the temple at Jeru- "And he had in his right hand seven misshapen and an untimely growth."salem and came to the gate called stars: and out of his mouth went a

Yet it is coming to its stature and its beautiful; the man who was lame, sharp twoedged sword: and his counteform, and its truth will move transsitting there, asked alms of them; and nance was as the sun shineth in his

figured yet into angel guise. Peter, turning to him, said: "Silver strength.

The somewhat melancholy history and gold have I none; but such as I "And when I saw him, I fell at his

of the past seems to have been a have, give I thee: In the name of Jesus feet as dead. And he laid his right

necessary forerunner to those great Christ of Nazareth rise up and walk."hand upon me, saying unto me, Fear

events which we now proclaim. The (Acts 3:6.) not; I am the first and the last:

passing of the sun of time beyond the The scriptures tell us he was healed, "I am he that liveth, and was dead;

meridian, after the crucifixion of Christ, and he leaped and he shouted for joy and, behold, I am alive forevermore.

was followed by the twilight and the at his deliverance. Then a crowd gathAmen....

sunset, and then centuries of darkness, ered in wonder and amazement, and "Write the things which thou hast after which the signs of dawn appear. Peter told them that what was done seen, and the things which are, and the

The morning breaks, the shadows flee. was not of their own power or holiness, things which shall be hereafter."(Rev.

How gloriously the Lord has kept but it was done in the name of Jesus 1:1019.)

his promise that in the latter days he Christ. Then he said to the multitude: Thus spake the Son of God to John

would pour out his Spirit upon all "Repent ye therefore, and be conthe apostle.

flesh! verted, that your sins may be blotted In the spring of 1820, concerning

What a marvelous age is this in out, when the times of refreshing shall which you have heard something this which we live! What tremendous adcome from the presence of the Lord; morning already, just 150 years ago,

vancement has been made within the "And he shall send Jesus Christ, God, our Father, revealed himself to last 150 years! which before was preached unto you: man. He considered the occasion and

In the fields of communication and "Whom the heaven must receive the message of such great importance transportation alone, we have made until the times of the restitution of all that he came personally from the such strides as would cause our anthings, which God hath spoken by the heavens and brought with him his cestors, if they could come and see us, mouth of all his holy prophets since Only Begotten Son, and together they to say that we were gods. They would the world began."(Acts 3:1921.) spoke to this young man and to all

be stunned by radio and television and The apostle Paul said that in the of us. Since that time others have

the marvelous achievements of science, dispensation of the fulness of times come, other revelations have been the harnessing of electricity and other he would gather together in one all given. The Angel Moroni and Moses

powers by which we bring to servitude things in Christ, both which are in and Elias came. Peter, James, and

the great forces of nature which in heaven and which are in the earth, John, John the Baptist, Elijah, and their day men feared and were wont even in him. others. They have spoken to men and

to worship. You will remember, too, as the eleven commissioned them, and men are

But lest we be given to boasting of stood with the Master out near Bethany again communing with God.

these great events and achievements, where they saw a cloud envelope him Now, I am not unmindful of the we should be reminded of how they and take him into heaven, two angels fact that such a declaration as this is are being used, and of what is hapstood by in white apparel and said to met not only with incredulity and dispening in this world of ours by the those who were assembled: "Ye men belief, but also with antagonism and

very things which our civilization has of Galilee, why stand ye gazing up into anger. Men have employed against

produced. Hunger and want, misery heaven? this same Jesus, which is taken this truth the selfsame weapons as

and woe seem to be spreading through up from you into heaven, shall so come the adversary has always used in his the world, threatening the very civilizain like manner as ye have seen him battle against the truth.

tion that has made these things posgo into heaven."(Acts 1:11.) Here again was truth looked upon

sible. It seems that God's great plan - We refer again to that marvelous as a misshapen and untimely growth.

included work for a wrecking crew, to prediction of John, who, while banAnd yet, I ask all Christians who betear down the old structure and make ished on the Isle of Patmos, had a lieve the Bible, do you doubt the room for that which is to come. But vision and said: "I was in the Spirit on words of Saul of Tarsus, who said that

let not those who are responsible for the Lord's day, and heard behind me a on his way to Damascus to persecute these things be comforted in this great voice, as of a trumpet. the saints, he saw a light which

thought, for God has said: "It is im- "Saying, I am Alpha and Omega, the blinded him, and he heard a voice?

possible but that offenses will come: first and the last: and, What thou He asked, "Who art thou, Lord?"And

but woe unto him, through whom they seest, write in a book, and send it unto the voice replied: "I am Jesus Christ

come!"(Luke 17:1.) the seven churches which are in whom thou persecutest."(See Acts

But are we to look for great advanceAsia.... 9:5.)

ment in these fields of human "And I turned to see the voice that I say Christians believe that record, thought and activity alone, where maspake with me. And being turned, I and yet they say God cannot speak to

terial things seemingly are glorified saw seven golden candlesticks; men. They who believe the Bible acEra, June 1970 77

cept the record which tells us of the In the afterglow of Easter, listen to I live, that this is true. It is the most

appearance of Moses and Elias on the the Lord's promise: "For I will reveal hopeful and the most glorious anMount of Transfiguration and that myself from heaven with power and nouncement and promise that has been

Peter, James, and John were there and glory, with all the hosts thereof, and made in all the history of the world, saw them in the presence of the Masdwell in righteousness with men on save only that which was made by the ter. Moses and Elias, mind you, had earth a thousand years, and the wicked angels to the shepherds on the hills of

lived hundreds of years before that shall not stand."(D&C 29:11.) Galilee when Christ was born.

time, and yet men say: "Yes, we believe And again from Matthew: "For the Let us continue to search for truth

the Bible where it tells of that. It was Son of man shall come in the glory of in all fields of human interest and done once, but it can't be done again."his Father with his angels; and then endeavor—"Till the war drums throb

I repeat: Why should men think it a he shall reward every man according no longer and the battle flags are

thing incredible that God should speak to his works."(Matt. 16:27.) furled in the parliament of man, the

to men? Has not that been his method "For the Lord himself shall descend federation of the world"; till the Prince

throughout the ages? Do we not need from heaven with a shout, with the of Peace shall come and assume his

him? Have our civilization, our science, voice of the archangel, and with the rightful place as King of kings, and

and our boasted learning made us intrump of God: and the dead in Christ there will be universal peace for 1,000

dependent of him? shall rise first."(1 Thess. 4:16.) years.

Our declaration to you today is but This declaration that the Savior will I pray that we may be individually introductory, and though he came, and come again is made to you, my brothpreparing ourselves to meet him when with him God the Father, and followers and sisters and friends, in the spirit he comes, for come he will, and that ing them these others whom I have and by the power which gave these much sooner than we think. Of this

briefly mentioned—all of this is but truths to man, and in his name I detruth I testify to you in the name of

an introduction to what is yet to come. clare to you that I know, as I know Jesus Christ. Amen. Q

Sunday afternoon session, April 5, 1970

The Role of a Prophet

Elder Mark E. Petersen

Of the Council of the Twelve

It is a great privilege to worship with The President of The Church of a prophet? Were not prophets confined

you here, my brothers and sisters and Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is to Bible times?"

friends, on this the Lord's Sabbath day. more than a president. To us he also These indeed are proper questions.

The conference of The Church of is chosen to be a prophet of God in They should be asked and they should

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints that the same sense in which Moses, Isaiah, be answered.

we now are holding is the most unusual and Ezekiel were called. These anOur best explanation may be given

one in 19 years. cient prophets were revelators. By by reviewing what the Bible itself says

The illustrious administration of our current revelation they received upto- about prophets. Such servants of God

beloved President David O. McKay has date, divine guidance for the people. were most important in ancient times.

now come to a close, marking the In this same sense we accept the In fact, the whole program of the greatest period of growth the Church President of our Church. He too is a Lord's dealings with his people cenhas ever experienced in its 140 years revelator. Through him modern revelatered about them. So well established

of history. tion is made available to help us meet was this procedure that one of them

Now we open a new administration the many serious problems of life. said, "Surely the Lord God will do

under President Joseph Fielding Smith, Most people of today, whether Jewnothing, but he revealeth his secret also beloved and revered through his ish or Christian, regard it as strange unto his servants the prophets."(Amos

many years of devotion to the cause that we make such claims for the Presi- 3:7.)

of Christ. He will be sustained dent of our church. The entire pattern of the Bible, as

formally by the vote of the people "A prophet?"they ask with an inshown in both Old and New Testatomorrow, as the tenth President of the quiring look. "A prophet? And what ments, reflects this important fact.

Church. is a prophet? Can any modern man be Whenever God had a people on

earth whom he recognized as his own, Thomas Jefferson, though not a cleric by holy angels, as the Bible foretold.

he provided constant guidance for in the usual sense, was a great student And why did angels come to Joseph them, and this guidance was by of Christianity. Even he acknowledged Smith? Certainly not to satisfy his

divine revelation given through living the loss of the original gospel and said curiosity! Those angels came to him

prophets. that he looked forward to "the prospect to ordain him and confer upon him

These revelations were compiled, and of a restoration of primitive Chrisdivine authority and thereby qualify together with the history of the times, tianity."him to serve. In this way the restorathey became scripture. This is how we Many other thoughtful students of tion of the gospel was accomplished.

obtained our Bible. The volume of scripture have reached the same conBut this was more than a century

scripture grew with each new prophet. clusion. They have sensed an absence ago, and Joseph Smith has passed to

In this way we obtained the books of of revelations and other spiritual gifts the great beyond. Others have taken

Moses, Joshua, Samuel, Isaiah, Ezekiel, known so well to ancient Christianity. his place. Each of his legal successors,

Malachi, and all the others making up They also look forward to a restoration however, was likewise appointed by the our Old Testament. of those gifts. Lord as a prophet, a seer, and a reveIt was the same in New Testament But what encouraged them to believe lator to carry on the work.

times. Here again are sacred writings, there would be such a restoration? Was Joseph Fielding Smith, who is our

those of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and it foretold in Holy Writ? President today, and who will be

John, the Acts, the Epistles, and the The Bible teaches that Christ will formally sustained during this conbook of Revelation, all originating accome again and says that a great new ference, is likewise a divinely appointed cording to the Lord's pattern, even as revelation from God is to precede that prophet of Almighty God, and we so in Old Testament times. event, even a restoration of the original sustain him.

But was this actually characteristic gospel, which then is to be preached When the Lord reestablished this of the Christian church? Is it true to the entire modern world. ancient pattern in our day, he gave

that there were Christian prophets as That new revelation from God would a commandment to the members of there were Old Testament prophets? include a modern visitation of angels, the Church with respect to their

The apostle Paul taught that Jesus the Bible says, a thing regarded as President. Said he: "... thou shalt

placed in his church both Christian something very strange indeed by most give heed unto all his words and comapostles and Christian prophets for the people of today. Yet it is God's way, mandments which he shall give unto

guidance of the members and for the not man's, that should concern us. you as he receiveth them, walking in

work of the ministry. But to whom is this new revelation all holiness before me.

But where are the Christian prophto come? Will it be given to those "For his word ye shall receive, as if

ets today? Has God altered his pattern? who do not believe in modern prophets from mine own mouth, in all patience

Has the Almighty changed? Or is he and revelation and who deny the modand faith."(D&C 21:4-5.)

still the same yesterday, today, and ern visitation of angels? Would it In other words, the modern prophet

forever? And if he does not change, come to people so unbelieving and so became a mouthpiece for God, even as

can we say that his procedures change? sophisticated that they would refuse to was Moses.

Remembering that his pattern is the accept the principle of divine interAnd then the Lord added one more same, we of today should ponder carevention? thing. He said that if any receive his

fully the sacred words given so long In the past, when there were no word with a doubtful heart and keepeth ago and ask ourselves why they should prophets to receive his word, God it with slothfulness, they shall have no not apply today. Recall those words if raised up new ones to bring about his reward. But to those who gladly follow

you will: purposes. the teachings of the modern prophet,

"Surely the Lord God will do nothBy the time the Lord was ready to the Almighty said:

ing, but he revealeth his secret unto bring Israel out of Egypt, the people "... his word ye shall receive, as if

his servants the prophets."(Amos 3:7.) had been without prophets for 400 from mine own mouth, in all patience

Some of the great Christian reformers years and had turned away from the and faith.

recognized this principle. They knew truth. Therefore, when God prepared "For by doing these things the gates

that God dealt with his people through to bring them back to the holy land, of hell shall not prevail against you;

prophets in ancient times and acknowlit became necessary for him to raise yea, and the Lord God will disburse the edged their own lack of divine guidup a new prophet in the person of powers of darkness from before you, ance. Moses, for none of the Israelitish leadand cause the heavens to shake for your

Martin Luther, for example, said ers of that day could qualify. good, and his name's glory."(D&C

that the spiritual powers of early When a forerunner was to be chosen 21:5-6.)

Christianity had been completely defor the mortal ministry of Christ, God This is why we Latterday Saints stroyed or lost and that Christianity did not choose him from among the have prophets. And this is why we

as it was given by the Savior was no members of the Sanhedrin. They were sustain Joseph Fielding Smith as a

longer on the earth. unbelieving also and therefore not prophet and a seer to our people, which

John Wesley taught that revelation worthy to receive new revelation. we do joyfully and with all our hearts.

and other spiritual gifts ceased to exist Therefore, he raised up John the BapThis procedure should not seem from what he called that "fatal period tist, a new prophet, who could prepare strange to those who know the scripwhen Constantine called himself a the way for the Lord. tures. It is merely a reestablishment

Christian."In our day, when the predicted new and a continuation of the unchanged

Roger Williams was equally outrevelation was to come as forecast in but longforgotten Bible pattern.

spoken and said: the scripture, again there was no And so we say:

"There is no person on earth qualiprophet on the earth to receive it. No

fied to administer any Church ordione believed in modern prophets. So "Come, listen to a prophet's voice

nances; nor can there be until new what could God do? He raised up a And hear the word of God,

apostles are sent by the great head of new prophet in the person of Joseph And in the way of truth rejoice, the Church, for whose coming I am Smith, who received the great new And sing for joy aloud."

seeking."revelation. As part of it, he was visited—Hymns, No. 46

Era, June 1970 79 What we say here is no fantasy. It ing Smith, Harold B. Lee, and Nathan great gospel. We declare it to be God's

is stern and solemn reality. The heavEldon Tanner direct the work of the truth. We realize what Paul said about

ens have been reopened. God once restored Church of Jesus Christ, doing preaching false doctrine, and we deagain converses with man. it also as Christian prophets and Chrisclare our message in all soberness.

As Moses saw God and talked with tian apostles. What we say is true.

him face to face, so Joseph Smith saw It is all a great reality. The gospel God has spoken again from the

God and talked with him face to face. has been restored in our day, and it heavens. He has raised up new prophAs Isaiah guided his people under is now offered freely and without price ets in the earth, and we meet together

the light of heaven, so David O. McKay to all mankind; and it is given through here in the presence of his latest chosen

guided his people under the light of the instrumentality of prophets of prophet, seer, and revelator. May we

heaven. As Peter, James, and John God, prophets who have received the follow his direction and sustain him

directed the work of the early Christian revelation of God and who walk under with our hearts and our hands, I church, doing so as Christian prophets his guidance and inspiration. earnestly pray, in the name of the Lord

and Christian apostles, so Joseph FieldWe invite all men to partake of this Jesus Christ. Amen. Q

Principles and Promises

President A. Theodore Tuttle

Of the First Council of the Seventy

"t

Brothers and sisters: President Lee "And the Lord said unto Enoch: As How? Strengthen the home! I make

has said we don't need more prophets I live, even so will I come in the last several suggestions.

to speak—we need more ears to listen. days, in the days of wickedness and Observe your family home evening.

We are about ready to listen, aren't vengeance.... Freedom from fear follows obedience

we? I think we have come to this "... but before that day... the to this promise. The First Presidency

conference a little more attentive. heavens shall shake, and also the has said:

Isn't it interesting what a difference earth; and great tribulations shall be "... If the [families] obey this couneven six months can make in our willamong the children of men, but my sel, we promise that great blessings will

ingness to listen. Our situation is somepeople will I preserve."(Moses 7:60result. Love at home and obedience to

what similar to that in the Book of 61.) parents will increase. Faith will be

Mormon, when the people had reached Likewise, in Section 38, after warndeveloped in the hearts of the youth a state of "awful wickedness."Nephi ing the Saints of tumultuous days, the of Israel, and they will gain power to

then records: Lord said: combat the evil influences and tempta-

"Now this great iniquity had come "... but if ye are prepared ye shall tions which beset them."(The First

upon the Nephites, in the space of not not fear."(D&C 38:30.) Presidency, 1915, in Era, Vol. 18, p.

many years...."(He. 7:6. Italics In the world there will be no peace. 734.)

added.) Among faithful Latterday Saints Parents, would you develop faith in

With the challenges we face today, things will be better. The spirit of the hearts of your children? Then, pay

it ought to be very comforting to read fear is not of God. Let us turn to the your tithing. Rely on the promise the

again what the Lord said to Enoch principles and promises of the prophLord has made.

about our day. ets, and prepare so we need not fear. I think it is not well known in the

Church that payment of tithing has

People do not pay tithing because they veryhas tolittledo towithdo withfaith. money.People Tithingdo not

pay tithing because they have money.

have money. They pay tithing because they Theyfaith. payWhentithingwe learnbecausethat theyprinciple,have

then we are in a better position to have faith"understand and to obey what the Lord

has said. The Lord is measuring our each member of your family? Learn to Learn as you earn...

faith. He is not measuring the amount communicate with God and with one

of money we have. Tithing will be a another. Hold family prayer each It is possible to rapidly qualify

measure of our preparedness in times morning and evening; have individual yourself for advancement in your

to come. prayer. Teach your children to "listen"chosen careers! One of the best

Listen to his promise: when they pray. Learn to listen to ways is through Brigham Young

"Behold, now it is... a day for your children. It is often true that University's unique Home Study

the tithing of my people; for he that 90 percent of our help comes from lisProgram, which offers you nearly

is tithed shall not be burned at his tening only. Learn to ponder. Take 300 different courses in many

coming. time to meditate. varied fields.

—this"For after today cometh the burning Eliminate more of the worldly comDEPT. OF HOME STUDY BYU /BYUmV 210HRCBthe Lord—foris speakingverilyafterI say,thetomorrowmanner allof mercialinto yourentertainmenthome. In its place,now channeledlearn the

the proud and they that do wickedly simple arts and develop individual Brigham Young University /JMjmi:

shall be as stubble; and I will burn skills. There is great virtue in training Provo. Utah 84601 / STUDY

them up, for I am the Lord of Hosts; your boys to use building tools and

and I will not spare any that remain your girls to use homemaking tools. Please send your free catalog.

in Babylon. This develops creativity, talent, and Name

"Wherefore, if ye believe me, ye will initiative. It gives expression to indilabor while it is called today."(D&C vidual talents and encourages thrift Address

64:2325.) and industry. City

Against this burning, it would seem Train your children to work. I bethe better part of wisdom to take out lieve in the gospel of work. Train them State Zip

some "fire insurance."For those who to assume responsibility. Provide op- w

say "We're not going to burn,"it portunity for service to one another and would be prudent to remember that it to their parents. Chores are blessings

wasn't raining when Noah built the in overalls. Their value remains long

ark! after the duty is done.

Let us prepare then by being tithed. Organize activities that bring parents

Parents, would you have your chiland children together. Working todren gain power to combat evil influgether is more fun than working alone.

ences? Live and teach the Word of Learn also to play. Play together as

Wisdom. The Lord revealed this families. Make your family a strong,

principle in 1833. It was accepted as a united unit of the Church.

commandment by the Church in genWe had better be organized as eral conference on September 9, 1851. families. We had better be able to

The Word of Wisdom, like tithing, meet trouble. There will no doubt be

is a principle with a promise. plenty of it ahead of us. We had

You know the law, its prohibitions better be prepared—so that we need not

and its recommendations. There are, fear!

moreover, four promises of great sigAll of this prepares us against the nificance in it: the promise of health, days foretold in the scriptures.

knowledge, strength, and life. When I was a little boy, I used to

"And all saints who remember to go from our house up to Halls'to get keep and do these sayings, walking in milk each morning. I had heard about

obedience to the commandments, shall the "burning"predicted in the scripreceive health in their navel and martures. I once wondered how we could

row to their bones; be burned. I could understand how

"And shall find wisdom and great New York City or even Salt Lake City treasures of knowledge, even hidden could burn up—with its buildings

treasures; close together. But, I was sure that

"And shall run and not be weary, fire would never touch us. Fire couldn't

and shall walk and not faint. possibly jump from Halls'barn across

"And I, the Lord, give unto them a our garden to our house—not even the

promise, that the destroying angel shall biggest fire I had ever seen, I felt safe pass by them, as the children of Israel, in Manti.

and not slay them. Amen."(D&C These were a little boy's thoughts.

89:1821.) Since then, I've learned about things

Youth, compliance with this comthat can burn without having to have mandment not only helps to free you buildings close together.

from fear, but also strengthens you The Lord has said: "My people will

further to resist the use of drugs, with I preserve."And, "... if ye are pretheir hideous mind—and soul—depared, ye need not fear."

stroying properties. Obedience to this I testify that he lives to fulfill his

commandment develops selfcontrol, promise. Jesus is the Christ. He will

clarity of mind, and spiritual power. come one day. President Joseph FieldRemember, the Lord has promised and ing Smith is a living prophet, and I

the Lord will fulfill. Keep this comlove him and sustain him and his

mandment then and ye need not fear. counselors with all my heart, in the

Parents, would you draw near to name of Jesus Christ. Amen. O

Era, June 1970 81 "What Is Man, ThatThou Art Mindful ofHim?"

Bishop Robert L. Simpson

Of the Presiding Bishopric

My dear brethren and sisters: I am approvingly at the boy's response, a mission and right shared by the father

grateful to my Heavenly Father for this response that was made in all seriof your physical body and the father opportunity. I want each of you to ousness. of your spirit.

know the strength that we feel in your This lad, in my mind, is a modernWhy must we continually limit God, presence. I am sure you come to conday David, for it was he who declared our Eternal Father, and his abilities

ference to receive, but I want to promcenturies ago: by our own mortal incapabilities, imise you that you also give as you come "When I consider thy heavens, the maturities, and our earthbound, physito general conference, because we are work of thy fingers, the moon and the cal restrictions? Should he who has the

the recipients of that giving. As we stars, which thou hast ordained; ability to create worlds and father

look at you and as we feel your unity "What is man, that thou art mindbillions of children be denied the right and your strength and your combined ful of him? and the son of man, that to know his offspring? Of course not.

faith, we feel built up, and we are thou visitest him? Every father has that privilege. To

better able to carry out our assign- "For thou has made him a little think otherwise is inconsistent with all ments. Without that feeling, we lower than the angels, and hast that we hold as basic and fundamental

couldn't do it, I promise you. crowned him with glory and honour. in life—life here, life before, and life

May I bear you my witness that I "Thou madest him to have dominion hereafter.

know that God lives. I know it just as over the works of thy hands; thou hast May I be bold enough to suggest

surely as I stand here, and I know that put all things under his feet."(Ps. that your Heavenly Father knows you

Jesus is the Christ, and that Joseph 8:3-6.) personally and can call you by name

Fielding Smith is a prophet of God. If the world could but learn and—yes, you plus three billion other

And because he is a prophet, those have feelings about this one basic children who share this world with things that he says are true. Just yesconcept of God to man, of fatherto- you. And you can add to that family

terday he gave two great discourses, and son relationship, many of our mortal circle the billions upon billions who one of the things that he said I shall frustrations and contentions could be have lived and died since Father Adam.

ever remember, for it was something greatly diminished. This thought itself is admittedly almost

that was taught me even as a child at Just a couple of days ago in Primary beyond the comprehension of mortal the knee of my mother. He said, "God conference, we were reminded once understanding, but please, let us not

is our Father, and we are his children."again by the little children: "I am a limit the Creator of heaven and earth

O that the world, three billion people, child of God, and he has sent me here."in any way, for his powers are limitcould listen to a prophet of God and This is a basic doctrine, and all manless, and the basic concept must hold

have this firm thought, this basic and kind needs to believe it. that a father knows his children.

fundamental concept, as an anchor to We seem so inclined to forget that As a child of God kneels to pray, their lives. there are certain basic and fundathat individual must believe implicitly

Not too long ago a schoolteacher, mental relationships within the human that his prayer is being heard by him anxious to extract some participation family that do not alter as the scene to whom the prayer is addressed. The

from her class of third graders on the changes from one side of the veil to thought that our Heavenly Father is subject of modernday progress, asked the other. One of those concepts, in too busy or that our message is being

her little ones a simple question: my opinion, is the right that every recorded by celestial computers for

"Can anyone here name one imchild has to communicate with and possible future consideration is unportant thing in this world that was obtain assistance from his father, morthinkable and inconsistent with all we not here ten years ago?"After a few tal and heavenly. Each of us has two have been taught by his holy prophets.

moments of thinking, an eager and fathers—a spiritual father and an It was thrilling to listen to a father

confident eightyear-old boy near the earthly father. Not only that, but I relate this story about his threeyear-old

back"Yes—me."raised Ashishumoroushand. Hisas thisanswer:incihavehas thealsorightbeenandtaughtthe capacitythat everytoparentknow youngsterthe crib inrecently,the usualas mannerthey kneltfor theby

dent might sound on the surface, I am and be concerned about the welfare little fellow to say his simple bedtime certain that Heavenly Father smiled of his children. It is an eternal comprayer. Eyes closed—heads bowed

seconds passed, and there were no very much. I listen carefully each day,

words spoken by the child. Just about hoping to hear from you. I want so

the time Dad was going to open his to one day have you back where you eyes to check the lengthy delay, little belong. Please share with me your

Tommy was on his feet and climbing innermost thoughts, your hopes, yes, into bed. "How about your prayers?"and particularly your problems. I

asked Dad. "I said my prayers,"came know I can help, but listen carefully,

the reply. "But son, Daddy didn't child—don't close the door when I

hear you."Then followed the child's give you the answer. I need you very

classic statement: "But Daddy, I much, just as you need me."And I

wasn't talking to you."suppose that a fitting climax to such

Even threeyear-olds have personal, comments that a loving Heavenly private matters to discuss with HeavFather might conceivably utter to any his children one of could well time. to time Butenly Father from be S SB'V iS Jt fck in the all is implicit couched that the of same language the importantmost

faith that the communication is not in Savior used as he spoke tenderly vain. Each word is finding its way to a through John

Father who is not too busy, a Father "I am the vine, ye are the branches: FILE ANYTHING... EASILY!

I in ability abideth that to judge, to hear, the in me, and has Hewho him, conference reports talks fruit: forth bringeth the to act for same This our benefit. must muchand

be the personal faith of us all regardfor without me ye can do nothing. Era articles stories

less of our age, regardless of our station "If ye abide in me, and my words pictures genealogy etc.

shall in you, ye ye abide ofin life, regardless ask what long it has how will, FIND IT AGAIN... FAST!

it you."shall regardless ofbeen, grievous be done unto (John the and how

confidence might be. 15:5, 7.) What a promise!

is our children are of God. He File Packet revere in very deed. May we—to"..bring. thistoispassmy theworkimmortalityand my gloryand FatherWe

eternal life of man."(Moses 1:39.) His that relationship. Without this lofty 26 CATEGORIES divided

total purpose and plan is involved in concept as the foundation of our lives, into 440 SUBTOPICS with our success. It's natural for a father our chances for temporal happiness and a number assigned to eachto want success for his offspring. A son true success are extremely limited; our

or daughter should want to please his possibility for eternal joy and exaltation 466 PREPRINTED pressure parents and to help guarantee an. eteris nonexistent. But with it in sharp sensitive LABELS

nal relationship with them. focus and meaningful on a daily basis, EXPANDABLE to handle

"What is man, that thou art mindwe will best be able to comprehend and topics of special interest to ful great that in realize loving Father statement the heaven, of him?""men A

child, for the are, that welfare of his they mightconcerned Ne. you (limitless) have joy."(2

might well answer: "Why, you are my 2:25.) I pray in the name of Jesus BUILTIN CROSS REFERson, you are my daughter. I love you Christ. Amen. O ENCE SYSTEM. A card file

is no longer necesary COMPREHENSIVE INDEX SIMPLE INSTRUCTIONS that will make YOU a professional filer MATERIALS NEEDED:

as few as 26 file folders adding others as required a cardboard box or file to hold your filed articles

AVAILABLE THROUGH

LDS BOOK DEALERS EVERYWHERE or by using the convenient order blank below!

($3.25 each, postage paid)

Send check or money order to:

336 East 1864 South OREM, UTAH 84057 Please send copies Name

Street

City State Zip

Utah Residents add 14c Sales Tax

DISTRIBUTORSHIPS AVAILABLE

Honesty Is the Best Policy

Elder Theodore M. Burton

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

It used to be said of a Mormon that because I lay down my life, that I might It is easy to be dishonest in little his word was as good as his bond. take it again. things. Few people think it dishonest

Once a Mormon gave his word, you "No man taketh it from me, but I to take a pencil home. The Church

could rely on it. Even if it meant a lay it down of myself. I have power has about 3,500 employees. Figuring

personal sacrifice of money, time, or to lay it down, and I have power to five cents per pencil, if each person effort, once he gave his word you could take it up again. This commandment were to take one pencil, such a loss

depend on him to do as he promised. have I received of my Father."(John would amount to $175.00. A person

Is the same thing true today? 10:1718.) who would think twice about stealing

Honesty can take many forms, such Jesus used the power God gave him $175.00 may never lose a moment's

as giving a full day's work for a full to help others. How wonderful if that sleep about taking a pencil. Yet what

day's pay. Can one be considered honsame testimony could apply to us in limits dare one set for dishonesty? Little

est who loafs on his job; who does not our dealings with others. How wonderthings soon amount to big things. Betake pains with his work; who wastes ful if we could likewise say: Therefore fore we are aware, we graduate to

time in the rest room, around the water doth my Father love me, because I do greater sin.

fountain, or who stretches his lunch what he asks me to do. The telling of a lie may appear to be

hour an extra 15 minutes? It is easy I devoutly wish that all members of a little thing, but one lie leads to anto compile a list of dishonest business The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterother until a person's reputation is lost.

practices that take money from an emday Saints could be numbered among Once a person is branded a liar, a ployer. We can name such things as the honest, trustworthy people of this cheat, or a thief, it takes a long period

making unnecessary personal telephone world. Some members of the Church of repentance and restoration to bring

calls, coming late to work, taking home succumb to the world in which they back a reputation so easily tarnished paper, pencils, postage stamps, or maillive. They wear their religion on Sunby a careless and thoughtless act. As

ing personal letters through the comday, but forget it when they enter the long as we have to learn to be honest pany postage meter. Such practices business world. There they become as or dishonest, why not learn to be

once frowned on are almost universally sharp and untrustworthy in business honest?

accepted today with the excuse that dealings as some of their associates. I wish all boys could have had a

"everyone does it."The fact of the You can be both successful and honest mother such as I had. One day I came

matter is that everyone doesn't do it.—in fact, you can be more successful home eating an apple. Mother asked

There are still many honest people in as an honest man than you ever can me where I got it. I told her I found

this world. as a selfseeking, dishonest person. it. She soon discovered that I had

Honesty includes more than material No one is born honest. No one is "found"it in Mr. Goddard's grocery

things. There must be honesty within born dishonest. We have to be taught store, and mother insisted I take it

the family. A man must be honest with to be honest. We have to experience back. I protested that it was partly

his wife and a wife honest with her the pain, worry, and discomfort of diseaten, but at her urging I took the husband. Children must be honest honesty to know that truly, "honesty is partly eaten apple back to Mr. Godwith parents and parents honest with the best policy."The prophet Alma dard and shamefully told him I had

their children. Honesty involves loytold his son Corianton, "Behold, I say robbed his store. He phoned mother

alty to family, friends, neighbors, the unto you, wickedness never was happito tell her I had brought it back and community, and the nation. Honesty ness."(Al. 41:10. Italics added.) Dissaid he had seen me take it, but it

is a host of little things that make a honest persons soon discover this. Not was such a little thing he hadn't

person trustworthy. Honesty is a fundaonly does dishonesty ruin their lives, bothered to say anything about it. It

mental principle in the true worship of but it also brings shame and dishonor wasn't a little thing to mother. She

a kind, loving Father in heaven. One to their families. Dishonesty also loved us too much to have a thief in

of the reasons the Father loved the brings shame and suffering to the the family.

Son so much was because he was trustpeople of the church to which they There is a phenomenon that acworthy. Jesus said: belong. Like it or not, we are all soon companies dishonest persons. Before

"Therefore doth my Father love me, tarred with the same brush. long they become very critical and

If you were 5 years old,

fault to findtend with leaders who you'd know why kidscall their attention to their unrighteousness. Instead of repenting and changing their lives for the better, theytend to justify their own misdeeds by like this songbook!

finding fault with their leaders. The

Prophet Joseph Smith said:

"I will give you one of the Keys of the mysteries of the Kingdom. It is an Range keyed to children's singing

eternal principle, that has existed with ability

God from all eternity: That man who Simple accompaniment patterns

rises to others, finding up condemn Words young people can fault the that with saying they Church, understand is ofare out the while he himself way, righteous, then know assuredly, that that man is in the high road to aposIdeal supplementary music for tasy; and if he does not repent, will Sunday School, Primary or Family

apostatize, as God lives."(Teachings of Home Evenings. Reinforces concept

the Prophet ]oseph Smith, Joseph Fieldtaught in church lessons. Helpful

ing Smith, comp., pp. 15657.) to choristers looking for ideas.

Another truism is that God does bless the righteous. Often in that moment when God showers blessings f fin

upon us most abundantly, we forget Available at your local bookstore Mm-**.*"

him because we no longer need his or write:

sustaining hand. I hope with our

present prosperity we are not forgetting:'Add 150 postage and 12fi tax.

our Maker nor forgetting those practices of honesty and integrity that havemade us what we are today. Helaman. Singing with Joy

a great Book of Mormon prophet, 965 North 8th West wrote "... behold how false, and also the Salt Lake City, Utah 84116

unsteadiness of the hearts of the children of men; yea, we can see that the

Lord in his great infinite goodness doth bless and prosper those who put their trust in him.

"Yea, and we may see at the very time when he doth prosper his people,... then is the time that they do harden VRE55

their hearts, and do forget the Lord their God, and do trample under their feet the beHoly and this ofcause exceedtheir One—yea,ease, and their

ingly great prosperity.

"Yea, how quick to be lifted up in pride;... and how slow are they to

remember the Lord their God, and togive ear unto his counsels, yea, how \ slow to walk in wisdom's paths!"(He.

12:1-2, 5.) m Would it not be wise to examine our 1600 Empire Road Salt Lake City, Utah 84104practices to see which road we are

Call (801) 4861892 Is aswalking? as our our good word

in dealingsbond? Are honest our we I

with others, even in little things?

Just because we Latterday Saints Layout and Design Typography live in a current world characterized Phototypography Lithographic Offset is practicesby dishonest sharp and no

Letterpress 4-Color Separations Process for to usexcuse untrustworthy. Bebe *

lie otherscause jfr to for us excuse is no Bindery Shipping and Mailing tbe dishonest. On the contrary, we must

be leaders of righteousness so that others may know the paths of honesty and righteousness that lead back intothe presence of God the Eternal Father. % &

The power of the priesthood is given us to lead. Those who bear that priesthood must be pillars of honesty and

Era, June 1970 85 virtue in every sense of the word. The must be filled with good works, honest I went on rebelling against God, in

apostle Peter spoke to priesthood leaders practices, and honest virtues that are the wickedness of my heart...."(Al.

in this way: characteristic of the children of God. 10:6. Italics added.)

"But ye are a chosen generation, a When we take upon ourselves the name You know as I know that the ways royal priesthood, an holy nation, a peof Jesus Christ, we bear the responsiof God will not fail. His purposes will

culiar people; that ye should shew bility of guarding that great name with be accomplished and he will save us

forth the praises of him who hath our very lives. from our sins if only we will not

called you out of darkness into his To fail to honor that royal name we harden our hearts.

marvellous light: bear as Christians is to hold the very This is God's work. We are God's

"Dearly beloved, I beseech you as God we espouse to open ridicule and children and must not fail him. Let

strangers and pilgrims, abstain from shame. In effect, we crucify him anew us all then obey those teachings which

fleshly lusts, which war against the before the world. we know deep down in our hearts are

soul; Now we know these things are true. true. It is time to remember that Jesus

"Having your conversation honest Like Amulek of old we know better, truly is the Christ, the living Son of among the Gentiles: that, whereas but often we won't listen. As Amulek the living God. He is the Redeemer

they speak against you as evildoers, said: and Savior of this world. Of the dithey may by your good works, which "... I did harden my heart, for I vinity of his teachings and the Tightthey shall behold, glorify God in the was called many times and I would not ness of his cause I bear my personal

day of visitation."(1 Pet. 2:9, 1112.) hear; therefore I knew concerning these witness in the name of Jesus Christ.

As the children of God, our lives things, yet I would not know; therefore Amen. O

The Gospel Restored

Elder Alma Sonne Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

My brethren and sisters: sionaries who invariably have strong were effective. What they said and

A few years ago I boarded an ocean attachments to the people among did revolutionized the world. Before

liner in Liverpool, England. On board whom they have labored. many centuries had passed, the name of

was a group of missionaries, returning The Church has moved ahead since Jesus Christ was known all over the home after serving two years or more in its organization in 1830. Its program civilized world. Churches, cathedrals,

the missions of Europe. I noticed one has been constructive and farreaching. and monuments were erected to preof these men standing on the upper The missionary spirit is still strong in serve and honor his memory. A condeck, looking to the eastward. He its members. Most young men and fusion, however, had arisen in these

seemed a bit crestfallen. As I apmany young women look forward to a Christian churches. There were many

proached him, I said, "Are you homemissionary opportunity. They know sects, each one claiming to have the

sick for the mission field?""Well, the benefits derived from such service. right way to salvation. There was a

not exactly,"he said, "but it has sudThe greatest project ever launched lack of unity and purpose.

denly occurred to me that I may never by the Savior was when he sent his In the blaze of the nineteenth censee those people again."chosen apostles into the world with tury, Joseph Smith,. appeared. He

He had spent two and onehalf years the injunction, "Go ye into all the claimed that the churches called Chrisin Norway. He had made many world, and preach the gospel of the tian had broken the laws and changed

friends, and many of them had bekingdom to every creature. the everlasting gospel. This was in

friended and cared for him during his "He that believeth and is baptized fulfillment of prophecy. The obligaperiod of missionary service. To leave shall be saved; but he that believeth tion resting upon the Latterday Saints

them was an ordeal that he had not not shall be damned."(Mark 16:15is to teach the restored gospel. I feel

contemplated. "I may never see them 16.) I can conscientiously and truthfully

again, and today my heart is over It was a gigantic task, requiring faith, say that the restored Church is disthere,"he said. courage, and conviction. charging this great responsibility.

It is a common experience with mis- I need not tell you that their labors Within a year after its organization

86 Era, June 1970 There's no end

of the line

at Union Pacific

INDUSTRIAL

DEVELOPMENT Write for confidential information about prime sites in MidWestern, Mountain, and Pacific Coast states, to John W. Godfrey,

Chief Executive Officer, Land Division, Union Pacific, Omaha, Nebraska 68102.

COMPUTER

CONTROL Expertlytrained, efficiencyminded people working with American spaceage business machinery to has a new serve you best...uncovering go sign

new ways to serve you better.

missionaries were in the field, often The Church is well organized and falsehood, but he is unconquerable as without purse or scrip, announcing the equipped to carry on its mission to the he faces the forces of opposition.

restoration of divine truth. Their sucworld. Generally speaking, it has been The modern prophet, Joseph Smith,

cess was phenomenal. The Church successful, and the gospel of the kingwas no exception. The powers of evil

grew and prospered through a missiondom is going forth in preparation for were arrayed against him. He withary system that has no parallel in reChrist's coming in these the last days. stood them and did the work assigned

ligious history.. Many barriers have been removed since him.

Foreign countries were visited. those hard times when it was first He could not fail, for the hour

Opposition mounted. In some cases introduced under the leadership of had come when the God of heaven

mobs assembled. Newspapers carried Joseph Smith, a young prophet. and earth would establish his work to

on tirades of abuse. Persecution raged; When God has a message for his redeem humanity. That work is moveven churches were hostile. But the children, on the earth, a prophet is ing forward, brethren and sisters, and

young church, organized under God's chosen and authorized to deliver that will continue its onward march until direction, grew and prospered and message. In the eyes of God he is a it has filled the earth, and nothing can

finally moved to the Rocky Mountains, great man, a true servant, but before stay its progress.

as prophesied by the Prophet Joseph men, he is often an outcast, perse- I so testify in great humility, in the

Smith; and the work of regeneration cuted, maligned, and misunderstood. name of Jesus Christ, the Lord.

was on its way. He is often a victim of abuse and Amen. O

The Responsibility of Membership in the Church

Elder James A. Cullimore

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

My beloved brethren and sisters:—Promises made to our spouse and error, to improve the mind, and to

How wonderful it is to be assembled unto the Lord as we enter into the develop one's spirit until it comes to the here with you in this great worldwide marriage covenant. 'measure of the stature of the fulness

general conference of the Church. As I—All covenants made in the temple. of Christ.'Habits of intemperance and

note the various representatives of—Promises made to our bishop and sensual pleasures should have been

stakes from all over the world, I sense stake president, branch president or buried in the waters of baptism. What

more than ever how completely this is mission president as we accept assignfolly to permit them to return when a worldwide church. I am grateful to ments to offices in the Church. one realizes that not happiness but

be here and to represent you in what-—The oath and covenant of the misery is allied with indulgence in

ever way I might, and to be of service priesthood. The obligations we accept sin!"(Man May Know for Himself

in this great church. as we are ordained to the priesthood [Deseret Book Co., 1967], p. 462.)

Some of the facts that come to our and act in its offices. As we entered the waters of baptism,

attention in the line of our duty make The Lord expects us to be obedient we covenanted with the Lord to be me wonder if we take as seriously as to our covenants. Great blessings are obedient and keep his commandments.

we should the covenants we have made promised us as we are obedient, both The Savior set the pattern in this;

"... he [the Savior] showeth unto theas—Thememberscovenantsof the Church:made in baptism temporalwhich is andeternalspiritual,life. the(D&Cgreatest59:23.)of Nephi told his people the following:

wherein we "witness before the church Likewise, condemnation follows dischildren of men that, according to the that [we] have truly repented of all obedience. The Lord expects us to be flesh he humbleth himself before the

... sins, and are willing to take upon strong and conquering as we exercise Father, and witnesseth unto the Father

[us] the name of Jesus Christ, having our agency. that he would be obedient unto him in

a determination to serve him to the President McKay said, in reference keeping his commandments.

end, and truly manifest by [our] works to our responsibilities as members of "Wherefore, after he was baptized that [we] have received of the Spirit of the Church: "Membership in the with water the Holy Ghost descended

Christ unto the remission of... sins."Church carries with it the responsiupon him in the form of a dove.

(D&C 20:37.) bility to overcome temptation, to battle "And again, it showeth unto the

of ofchildren the straightness men the One of our great responsibilities gate, the of the narrownesspath, and by which they should enter, he having set the example before them. is... to stimulate.,.a great desire

"And he said unto the children of men: Follow thou me. Wherefore, mybeloved brethren, can we follow Jesus to serve the Lord"

save we shall be willing to keep the commandments of the Father?"(2 Ne.

31:7-10. Italics added.)

It is the plan of the Lord that men "A man's desire should be his first known unto them the good pleasures will have their agency and are free to concern, for no person can rise above of my will concerning all things perdo as they so desire. President McKay his real desires. Neither can a nation taining to my kingdom.

said on another occasion: "The misrise above the assembled desires of the "Yea, even the wonders of eternity

sion of the Church is to assist mankind people.... shall they know, and things to come

to overcome evil and to cherish the "Of course, desires are of value only will I show them, even the things of good. It teaches that repentance is an when they drive us to action. Will many generations.

eternal principle of salvation."(Pathmust accompany desire. Then high re- "And their wisdom shall be great,

ways to Happiness [Bookcraft, 1957], solve is born. Desire is the design; will and their understanding reach to

p. 190.) the execution of the design.... When heaven; and before them the wisdom

One of our great responsibilities is desire and will move together, in the of the wise shall perish, and the undernot only to live the gospel ourselves but right direction, we become strong and standing of the prudent shall come to also to stimulate in the lives of every conquering."naught.

other member of the Church a great He said further: "Too many of us "For... by my power will I make

desire to serve the Lord. Alma was spend our hours wishing for heaven, known unto them the secrets of my

most fervent in his approach to this when an active desire for simple earthly will."(D&C 76:5-10.)

great responsibility when he said: "O blessings might form rounds in the The degree to which we receive help

that I were an angel, and could have ladder to celestial glory."(An Underfrom the Lord for the guidance of our

the wish of mine heart, that I might standable Religion [Deseret Book Co., lives depends upon ourselves. We must

go forth and speak with the trump of 1944], pp. 70, 6466.) be in tune with the Spirit to receive

God, with a voice to shake the earth, In the selection of the first Quorum and understand its message. We must

and cry repentance unto every people! of Twelve Apostles in this dispensation be worthy.

"Yea, I would declare unto every the Lord said: "... by their desires and The guidance that we seek from our

soul, as with a voice of thunder, retheir works you shall know them."Heavenly Father greatly depends upon

pentance and the plan of redemption, (D&C 18:38.) our obedience to every truth known to

that they should repent and come Some good counsel was given to us. By our good works we demonstrate

unto our God, that there might not be Hyrum Smith through revelation that to the Lord our obedience.

more sorrow upon all the face of the could well be applied in our own lives The greatest assurance we may reearth."And then, as if he realized it as we build faith. ceive as to eternal life, and following

would not be the will of the Lord to be "According to your desires, yea, even President McKay's direction, comes in too forceful, as all must have their according to your faith shall it be done "doing the will of the Father."The

agency, he said: "But behold, I am a unto you. Savior said, "My doctrine is not mine,

man and do sin in my wish; for I ought "Keep my commandments; hold your but his that sent me.

to be content with the things which the peace; appeal unto my Spirit; "If any man will do his will, he will

Lord hath allotted unto me. "Yea, cleave unto me with all your know of the doctrine, whether it be of

"I ought not to harrow up in my heart."(D&C 11:1719.) God, or whether I speak of myself."

desires, the firm decree of a just God, As we strive to keep the command- (John 7:1617.)

for I know that he granteth unto men ments, it is wonderful to know that the "And hereby we do know that we according to their desire, whether it be Lord has provided means whereby we know him, if we keep his commandunto death or unto life; yea, I know might receive strength. Through the ments.

that he allotteth unto men according influence of the Holy Spirit, the under- "He that saith, I know him, and to their wills, whether they be unto standing of the Father is conveyed to keepeth not his comandments, is a liar, salvation or unto destruction."(Al. every creature. It is the means of man's and the truth is not in him.

29:1-4.) constant access to the Father. Modern "But whoso keepeth his word, in him

It is of utmost importance that we revelation states: "... the Spirit giveth verily is the love of God perfected;

stimulate proper desires in our lives, by light to every man that cometh into hereby know we that we are in him."

study, by teaching, by constant activity. the world; and the Spirit enlighteneth (1 John 2:3-5.)

John A. Widtsoe wisely said: "Righevery man through the world, that Yes, membership in the Church carteous desire, backed by a ready will hearkeneth to the voice of the Spirit."ries with it the responsibility to live

and honest prayer, works wonders in (D&C 84:46.) the gospel and overcome temptations.

human lives. It reveals truth. It trains The Lord has said plainly: "I, the May we always have a strong desire

the will for righteousness. It leads to Lord, am merciful and gracious unto to serve the Lord, remembering that

increasing accomplishment. It is prothose who fear me, and delight to the surest way to keep the faith is by

tection amidst the temptations and honor those who serve me in righbeing actively engaged in the work of storms of life.... teousness and in truth unto the end. the gospel.

"When such desire is coupled with "Great shall be their reward and I leave you my witness that this is obedience to law, the gates of heaven eternal shall be their glory. his work in which we are engaged, and

are thrown open to our high eternal "And to them will I reveal all mysthat he will bless us as we keep faithdestiny. As our desires are, so are teries... of my kingdom from days of ful and live the gospel, in the name of

we.... old, and for ages to come, will I make Jesus. Amen. Q

Era, June 1970 89 Only a Teacher

,,, m Elder Thomas S. Monson

I Of the Council of the Twelve

Often we hear the expression, also include father. In reality, every grand cosmic event nor found in

"Times have changed."And perhaps parent is a teacher. novels or history books—but merely

they have. Our generation has witThe pupil in such a teacher's diby a parent gazing down upon a sleepnessed enormous strides in the fields vinely commissioned classroom—ining child. "Created in the image of

of medicine, transportation, communideed, the baby who comes to your God,"that glorious biblical passage, cation, and exploration, to name but home or to mine—is a sweet new blosacquires new and vibrant meaning as

a few. However, there are those isosom of humanity, fresh fallen from a parent repeats this experience. Home

lated islands of constancy midst the God's own home to flower on earth. becomes a haven called heaven, and

vast sea of change. For instance, boys Such a thought may have prompted loving parents teach their children "to

are still boys. And they continue to the poet to pen the words: pray, and to walk uprightly before the

make the same boyish boasts. Lord."(D&C 68:28.) Never does such

Some time ago I overheard what I "I took a piece of plastic clay an inspired parent fit the description, am confident is an oftrepeated conAnd idly fashioned it one day "only a teacher."

versation. Three very young boys And as my fingers pressed it, still Next, let us consider the teacher in

were discussing the relative virtues of It moved and yielded to my will. the school. Inevitably, there dawns

their fathers. One spoke out: "My dad that tearful morning when home yields

is bigger than your dad,"to which "I came again when days were past; to the classroom part of its teaching

another replied, "Well, my dad is The bit of clay was hard at last. time. Johnny and Nancy join the

smarter than your dad."The third boy The form I gave it, still it bore, happy throng which each day wends

countered: "My dad is a doctor"; then And I could change that form no more! its way from the portals of home to the

turning to one boy, he taunted in classrooms of school. There a new

derision, "and your dad is only a "I took a piece of living clay, world is discovered. Our children meet

teacher."And gently pressed it day by day, their teachers.

The call of a mother terminated the And moulded with my power and art The teacher not only shapes the exconversation, but the words continued A young child's soft and yielding heart. pectations and ambitions of her pupils,

to echo in my ears. Only a teacher. but she also influences their attitudes

Only a teacher. Only a teacher. One "I came again when years were gone: toward their future and themselves. If

day, each of those small boys will come It was a man I looked upon. she is unskilled, she leaves scars on the

to appreciate the true worth of inspired He still that early impress bore, lives of youth, cuts deeply into their teachers and will acknowledge with And I could fashion it never more."selfesteem, and distorts their image of

sincere gratitude the indelible imprint—Author Unknown themselves as human beings. But if she

which such teachers will leave on their loves her students and has high expecpersonal lives. Prime time for teaching is fleeting. tations of them, their selfconfidence

"A teacher,"as Henry Brook Adams Opportunities are perishable. The parwill grow, their capabilities will deobserved, "affects eternity; he can never ent who procrastinates the pursuit of velop, and their future will be assured.

tell where his influence stops."This his responsibility as a teacher may in Unfortunately, there are those few

truth pertains to each of our teachers: years to come gain bitter insight to teachers who delight to destroy faith,

first, the teacher in the home; second, Whittier's expression: "... of all sad rather than build bridges to the good

the teacher in the school; third, the words of tongue or pen, The saddest life. Ever must we remember that the

teacher in the Church. are these: 'It might have been.'"(John power to lead is also the power to

Perhaps the teacher you and I reGreenleaf Whittier, "Maud Muller,"mislead, and the power to mislead is member best is the one who influstanza 53.) the power to destroy.

enced us most She may have used no Should a parent need added inspiraIn the words of President J. Reuben

chalkboard nor possessed a college tion to commence his Godgiven teachClark, Jr.: "He wounds, maims, and

degree, but her lessons were everlasting ing task, let him remember that the cripples a soul who raises doubts about and her concern genuine. Yes, I speak most powerful combination of emotions or destroys faith in the ultimate truths.

of mother. And in the same breath, I in the world is not called out by any God will hold such a one strictly ac90

countable; and who can measure the

depths to which one shall fall who willfully shatters in another the opportunity for celestial glory?"(Immortality and Eternal Life, Vol. 2, p. 128.) "In the home, the school,

Since we cannot control the classroom, prepare the pupil. can at least we a or the house of God, one teacher's "Provide I answer:You ask: "How?"

guide to the glory of the celestial kingdom of God; even a barometer to dislife overshadows all others..."

tinguish between the truths of God and the theories of men."

Several years ago I held in my hand such a guide. It was a volume of scripThis same Spirit guided Paul as he mate's mother. We had missed Billy

ture we commonly call the Triple Comstood in the midst at Mars'hill, read that morning, but knew not the reason bination, containing the Book of the inscription "To The Unknown for his absence. The lesson featured the

Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants, and God,"and declared: "... Whom theretheme, "It is more blessed to give than

Pearl of Great Price. The book was a fore ye ignorantly worship, him declare to receive."Midway through the lesgift from a loving father to a beautiful, I unto you. son, our teacher closed the manual and

blossoming daughter who followed "God that made the world and all opened our eyes and our ears and our carefully his advice. On the flyleaf things therein... dwelleth not in hearts to the glory of God. She asked,

page her father had written these intemples made with hands; "How much money do we have in our

spired words: "... he giveth to all life, and breath, class party fund?"

and all things; Depression days prompted a proud

"April 9, 1944 "For in him we live, and move, and answer: "Four dollars and seventyfive

"To My Dear Maurine: have our beings;... For we are also cents."

"That you may have a constant his offspring."(Acts 17:2324, 25, 28.) Then ever so gently she suggested:

measure by which to judge between Again the question, "Only a teacher?""Billy's family is hardpressed and

truth and the errors of man's philosoIn the home, the school, or the house griefstricken. What would you think

phies, and thus grow in spirituality as of God, there is one teacher whose life of the possibility of visiting the family you increase in knowledge, I give you overshadows all others. He taught of members this morning and giving to

this sacred book to read frequently and life and death, of duty and destiny. He them your fund?"

cherish throughout your life. lived not to be served, but to serve; not Ever shall I remember the tiny band

"Lovingly your father, to receive, but to give; not to save his walking those three city blocks, enterHarold B. Lee"life, but to sacrifice it for others. He ing Billy's home, greeting him, his

described a love more beautiful than brother, sisters, and rather. Noticeably

I ask the question: "Only a teacher?"lust, a poverty richer than treasure. It absent was his mother. Always I shall

Finally, let us turn to the teacher was said of this teacher that he taught treasure the tears which glistened in we usually meet on Sunday—the teachwith authority and not as do the the eyes of all as the white envelope

er in the Church. In such a setting, scribes. In today's world, when many containing our precious party fund

the history of the past, the hope of men are greedy for gold and for glory, passed from the delicate hand of our the present, and the promise of the and dominated by a teaching philosteacher to the needy hand of a heartfuture all oneet. Here especially, the ophy of "publish or perish,"let us broken father. We fairly skipped our

teacher learns it is easy to be a phariremember that this teacher never wrote way back to the chapel. Our hearts

see, difficult to be a disciple. The—once only he wrote on the sand, and were lighter than they had ever been;teacher is judged by his students—not the wind destroyed forever his handour joy more full; our understanding

alone by what and how he teaches, writing. His laws were not inscribed more profound. A Godinspired teacher

but also by how he lives. upon stone, but upon human hearts. I had taught her boys and girls an eterThe apostle Paul counseled the Rospeak of the master teacher, even Jesus nal lesson of divine truth. "It is more

mans: Christ, the Son of God, the Savior and blessed to give than to receive."

"Thou... which teachest another, Redeemer of all mankind. Well could we have echoed the

teachest thou not thyself? thou that When dedicated teachers respond to words of the disciples on the way to

preachest a man should not steal, his gentle invitation, "Come learn of Eameus: "Did'not our hearts burn

dost thou steal? Thou that sayest a man me,"they learn, but they also become within us... while [she] opened to

should not commit adultery, dost thou partakers of his divine power. It was us the scriptures?"(Luke 24:32.)

commit adultery?"(Rom. 2:2122.) my experience as a small boy to come I return to the dialogue mentioned

Paul, that inspired and dynamic under the influence of such a teacher. earlier. When the boy heard the taunts:

teacher, provides us a good example. In our Sunday School class, she taught "My dad is bigger than yours,""My

Perhaps his success secret is revealed us concerning the creation of the dad is smarter than yours,""My dad through his experience in the dreary world, the fall of Adam, the atoning is a doctor,"well could he have redungeon that held him prisoner. Paul sacrifice of Jesus. She brought to her plied: "Your dad may be bigger than

knew the tramp, tramp of the soldiers'classroom as honored guests Moses, mine; your dad may be smarter than

feet and the clank, clank of the chains Joshua, Peter, Thomas, Paul, and Jesus mine; your dad may be a pilot, an

which bound him captive. When the the Christ. Though we did not see engineer or a doctor; but my dad, my

prison warden, who seemed to be favorthem, we learned to love, honor, and dad is a teacher."

ably inclined toward Paul, asked him emulate them. May each of us ever merit such a

whether he needed advice as to how to Never was her teaching so dynamic sincere and worthy compliment, I pray conduct himself before the emperor, nor its impact more everlasting as one humbly, in the name of the master

Paul said he had an adviser—the Holy Sunday morning when she sadly anteacher, even the Son of God, Jesus

Spirit. nounced to us the passing of a classChrist the Lord. Amen. O

Era, June 1970 91 Monday morning session, April 6, 1970

The Need for a Prophet President Spencer W. Kimball

Acting President of the Council of the Twelve

The proceedings of this day have but as one star sinks behind the horiNot because of his name, however, been most impressive and awesome. zon, another comes into the picture, did he accede to this high place, but

May I extend to Elder Boyd K. Packer and death spawns life. because when he was a very young

a warm welcome personally and for The work of the Lord is endless. man, he was called of the Lord, through

the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles. Even when a powerful leader dies, not the then living prophet, to be an

We have watched him grow since his for a single instant is the Church withapostle—member of the Quorum—and

first days as an Assistant to this day out leadership, thanks to the kind was given the precious, vital keys to of highest call. Here he will find true Providence who gave his kingdom hold in suspension pending a time

fraternity in its highest reach. continuity and perpetuity. As it already when he might become the senior

We welcome also to the ranks of the has happened eight times before in this apostle and the President.

General Authorities Elder Joseph Andispensation, a people reverently close In that eventful temple meeting, derson, whom we have loved and a grave, dry their tears, and turn their when he has been "ordained and set appreciated these many years, and faces to the future. apart"as the President of the Church

Elder David B. Haight and Elder The moment life passes from a by his brethren, the Twelve, he chooses

William H. Bennett, men of power President of the Church, a body of his counselors—two mighty men of

and dedication and long service. men become the composite leader valor: Elder Harold B. Lee and Elder

This is a notable year in this world's these men already seasoned with Nathan Eldon Tanner, with their rich life. It is January. History swings on experience and training. The appointbackground as teachers, businessmen,

its hinges. Another page is turned and ments have long been made, the au-r public officials, and especially Church

a new era comes to the front. thority given, the keys delivered. For leaders.

It is Sunday morning, January 18, five days, the kingdom moves forward And a presidency of three and a 1970. A great heart stops beating and under this already authorized council. newly constituted Council of Twelve

an aged body relaxes and slumbers. No "running"for position, no electionwalk humbly to their offices without

Like an earthquake sends a tidal wave eering, no stump speeches. What a fanfare or ostentation, and a new adaround the earth, communications now divine plan! How wise our Lord, to ministration moves into a new period

cover the earth and millions of seriousorganize so perfectly beyond the weakwith promise of great development and minded people in even faraway places ness of frail, grasping humans. unprecedented growth.

stop to pay saddened tribute to a Then dawns the notable day (JanuIt was a very young man who intromighty man of God who has passed ary 23, 1970), and 14 serious men walk duced the restored program to this new from mortality. reverently into the temple of God—this, world. Joseph Smith (December 23,

For days, long lines of loving folthe Quorum of the Twelve Apostles, 1805June 27, 1844) was but 24 years lowers inch their way along the street, the governing body of The Church of of age when the Church was oreven in the rain, to see once more the Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, sevganized.

visage of their departed leader. eral of whom have experienced this When he was martyred at 38, the

The Tabernacle is crowded with solemn change before. second President, Brigham Young

those who loved him, and sweet tributes When these 14 men emerge from (June 1, 1801August 29, 1877) beare paid. the holy edifice later in the morning, a came senior apostle and the President

The earthly body of the prophet, transcendently vital event has ocof the Church (December 27, 1847) at

David O. McKay, is laid to rest in curred—a short interregnum ends, and 46 years of age and presided 30 years

dignified reverence. the government of the kingdom shifts (until he was 76). The other PresiOur heads are bowed, our hearts are back again from the Quorum of the dents, each in his turn, became Presihurting, but there will be a happy reTwelve Apostles to a new prophet, an dent at ages ranging from 62 to 84, and

union when this inspired prophet individual leader, the Lord's earthly died at ages 79 to 96.

joins the hosts of his peers—the Josephs, representative, who has unostentaJohn Taylor (November 1, 1808the Brighams, and the Wilfords. tiously been moving toward this lofty July 25, 1887) was 71 when he became

In our feeling of emptiness, it hardly calling for 60 years. He now presides President of the Church (October 10,

seems that we could go on without him; over the Church. 1880) and died at 78, and upon his

death, Wilford Woodruff (March 1, never known any other President than our prophet, Joseph Fielding Smith.

1807Septemher 2, 1898) became the David O. McKay; consequently, it was He is venerable and worthy of respect

senior apostle (July 25, 1887). Two natural for some to be confused. by reason of his character, dignity, age,

years later (April 7, 1889), he was They talked about age. The old position. He is one of whom his besustained President of the Church at patriarchs were not young. Adam was loved wife sang this morning, one who

82 years of age. He died at 91, wherevery old as he presided over his poshas "clean hands and a pure heart,

upon President Lorenzo Snow (April 3, terity, which spread over many generawho has not lifted up his soul unto 1814October 10, 1901) became the tions. Abraham, Isaac, Joseph, and vanity, nor sworn deceitfully."He is a

senior apostle. He was 84 years of age Moses presided over the people, dying son of his Maker and a clean and holy

when he became the President of the at 175, 180, 110, and 120 years. They man of God. He takes his high place as

Church (September 13, 1898). His were old in years, but from their acthe appointee of the Lord. He has

presidency was shortlived. He served cumulated experience came massive carried for 60 years the keys of the

about three years (until October 10, wisdom and security. kingdom, gradually moving toward

1901). People talk about precedent. If it this day. For six decades he has been

President Joseph F. Smith (Novemis precedent, it has become such by sustained by the Church as a prophet.

ber 13, 1838November 19, 1918) was the repetition of the revealed order Today he is sustained as the Prophet, senior apostle (from October 10, 1901) since the beginning. Brigham Young the one who alone holds the keys in

seven days; he became the President of was the senior apostle, holding all the total use under the Lord Jesus Christ,

the Church October 17, 1901, at 62 keys and authorities, and in the present who is the chief cornerstone, and the years of age; he died at 80. case, President Smith was the senior head of his church.

President Heber J. Grant (November apostle. This is the way of the Lord, To be a prophet of the Lord, one

22, 1856May 14, 1945) was senior and he retains the leadership in his does not need to "be everything to all apostle less than a week (on November divine hands. men."He does not need to be youth23, 1918), when he became the PresiWhen the first succession took place, ful and athletic, an industrialist, a

dent of the Church at 62; he died at the restored church was an infant only financier, nor an agriculturist; he does

88. 14 years old. There had been no not need to be a musician, a poet, an

President George Albert Smith (April prophet nor "open vision"for numerous entertainer, nor a banker, a physician, 4, 1870April 4, 1951) was the senior centuries. Little wonder, then, that the nor a college president, a military genapostle for seven days and became people should be full of questions eral, nor a scientist.

President of the Church (May 21, when the bullets at Carthage terminHe does not need to be a linguist to 1945) at 75; he died at the age of 81. ated the life of the one in whom all speak French and Japanese, German

Last Saturday was his one hundredth these priceless blessings—the church, and Spanish, but he must understand

birthday. revelation, prophets—seemed to be the divine language and be able to

President David O. McKay, the ninth centered. When the apostles returned receive messages from heaven.

President (September 8, 1873January from their missions, had buried their He need not be an orator, for God 18, 1970) was senior apostle five days dead prophet, and considered the fucan make his own. The Lord can preand was sustained as President of the ture, all doubt was dissipated when the sent his divine messages through weak

Church (April 9, 1951) at 77; he died senior apostle, already holding all the men made strong. He substituted a

at the age of 96. keys, stood forth like Moses and led strong voice for the quiet, timid one of

President Joseph Fielding Smith, the way. Moses, and gave to the young man

whose birthdate is July 19, 1876, beThe editorial of September 2, 1844, Enoch power which made men tremcame the senior apostle January 18, on the succession said: ble in his presence, for Enoch walked

and President of the Church January "Great excitement prevails throughwith God as Moses walked with God.

23, 1970, at the age of 93. out to know 'who shall be the succesThe Lord said: "... whether by mine

The Presidents from John Taylor to sor of Joseph Smith!'own voice or by the voice of my

David O. McKay, inclusive, became "In reply we say, be patient, be servants, it is the same."(D&C 1:38.)

President at ages ranging from 62 to patient a little till the proper time What the world needs is a prophetdied at ages 96.84 and from 79 to tell leader gives full comes, all. 'Great and who you we will example—clean,

is It interesting to note that these slow.'of faith, present, in godlike wheels At move his attitudes with we

eight Church Presidents assumed their can say that a special conference of an untarnished name, a beloved huspresiding responsibility at an average the church was held in Nauvoo on the band, a true father.

age of 73 years, and relinquished it by 8th, ult., and it was carried without a A prophet needs to be more than a

death at 85 years. They served an averdissenting voice, that the 'Twelve'priest or a minister or an elder. His

age of a little less than 12 years; conseshould preside over the whole church, voice becomes the voice of God to requently, the average age of the living and when any alteration in the presiveal new programs, new truths, new

President of the Church has been about dency shall be required, seasonable solutions. I make no claim of infalli79 years. notice will be given; and the elders bility for him, but he does need to be

We may expect the Church President abroad, will best exhibit their wisdom recognized of God, an authoritative will always be an older man; young to all men, by remaining silent on person. He is no pretender as numermen have action, vigor, initiative; older those things they are ignorant of...."ous are who presumptuously assume

men, stability and strength and wis- (Times and Seasons, Vol. 5, Sept. 2, position without appointment and

dom through experience and long 1844, p. 632.) authority that is not given. He must

communion with God. This eventful 140 years has seen ten speak like his Lord: "... as one having

In President McKay's declining Presidents preside over the Church and authority, and not as the scribes."

days, speculation ran high among the 78 apostles serve in the Quorum of the (Matt. 7:29.)

curious and the concerned and the less Twelve. He must be bold enough to speak

knowledgeable and continued as a As we tighten our tugs and strain truth even against popular clamor for major topic of discussion through the our weight against the collar, we move lessening restrictions. He must be cerinterregnum. forward on a new journey with a strong tain of his divine appointment, of his

More, than a million members had will under our inspired leaders, led by celestial ordination, and his authority

Era, June 1970 93 SALTZjLAKE OTVCOTTONWOOD OODENI 1 TW! lEiilHIISO NOW!

to call to service, to ordain, to pass keys which fit eternal locks.

He must have commanding power like prophets of old: "... to seal both

on earth and in heaven, the unbelieving and rebellious... unto the day

when the wrath of God shall be poured out upon the wicked without measure"(D&C 1:8-9), and rare powers: "...

that whatsoever you seal on earth shall be sealed in heaven; and whatsoever

you bind on earth, in my name and by YOU CAN my word, saith the Lord, it shall be eternally bound in the heavens; and LIVE IN whosesoever sins you remit on earth

shall be remitted eternally in the heavens; whosesoever retain and sins you on

shall earth in SALT LAKE CITY be retained heaven"(D&C 132:46).

at the What is needed is more a Moses than a Pharaoh; an Elijah than a Belshazzar; a Paul than a Pontius Pilate.

He needs not be an architect to NEWHOUSE construct houses and schools and highCenter of City rise 'buildings, but he will be one who structures to time span and Overnight and Residential buildseternity to bridge the and gap between

Free Parking his Maker. and man "THE ENVOY"Family Rooms the has followed world prophWhen TWO PANT SUITS Daily from $8.00 ets, it has moved forward; when it has

ignored them, the results have been a zcmi exclusive stagnation, servitude, death.

of every Every day, moment air. made especially MONTHLY RATE are programs numerous on the thereWe

relatively, very hear few, for are we for missionaries $200. in engrossed our day's duties, but with

389.95* PRIVATE ROOM—BATH powerfultions, we couldbeaminghearbroadcastingany of the prosta-

You'll never again be satisfied with ALL MEALS and SERVICES grams if we are tuned in. any other suit! Of the finest miracle—MAIL FOR DETAILS—For thousands of years there have

pressed fabric, The Envoy has an been constant broadcasts from heaven unconditional twoyear wear guarNEWHOUSE of vital messages of guidance and antee. "Mid weight'for year round 4th South and Main timely warnings, and there has been a

comfort; does not spot under normal Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 certain constancy in the broadcasts

wear. Solids, checks, stripes

overplaids; regular, longs, and Name Throughoutfrom the mostall thosepowerfulcenturiesstation.there extra longs

and shorts. have been times when there were

in prophets tuned rebroadand who with *check us for our missionary discount Address casted to people. the messages The ZCMI BUDGET STORES stores MENS SUITS -all

have never ceased.

One such message came to Daniel

Print Name and Address in the presence of others, and he who was on the proper frequency said:

"And I Daniel alone saw the vision:

for the men that were with me saw not the vision."(Dan. 10:7.)

together. pany of men traveled A specEnjoy Group BOWLING! tacularOn the road to Damascus, a comevent the heavens, came from

in reonly to but one tune was man FAMILY CHURCH GROUPS GROUPS it. static to but which That was

M.l.A. ceive ELDERS QUORUMS YOUNG MARRIEDS ears other call all the an was awesome

CALL NOW FOR RESERVATIONS histo dutylife, toandSaul contributedof Tarsus, andtowardchangedthe

RANCHO42-LANESsalt lake -3635833 transformation of millions of lives, but the only one was attuned. who FAIRMONT BOWLsugarhouse -4676562 he Itwasis said certain that Russian

OR JOHN KEYSOR'S reported that as they penetratedfliersthe

JUNCTION LANES - midvale - 2556841 far outer space, they saw no God nor

JACK & JILL LANES American fork -7564651 angels. Our prediction to any unbeliev94

ing, godless spacemen is that though May the Lord, our God, sustain this this day, and all others without that they could go a thousand times farther newly appointed prophet, Joseph Fieldopportunity, that from this time forth and a thousand times higher, that they ing Smith, who will from this time "be we may, like the children of Israel, will be still farther from God and eterabout his Father's business,"who will uphold bis hands and shout as did the nal things, for the spiritual is not continue to serve the Lord's "bread children of Israel in one voice:

understood by the finite. of life"and "living water,"who will "All that thou commandest us we

Abraham found God on a tower now begin "to light the lamps of will do, and whithersoever thou sendin Mesopotamia, on a mount in Israel"and verily become the mouthest us, we will go.

Palestine, and in royal quarters in piece of God; and our prayer is that "According as we have hearkened

Egypt. Moses found him on a backside the Lord will speak to him as he did unto Moses in all things, so will we

desert; at a red sea; on a mount called to Joshua: hearken unto thee: only the Lord thy

Sinai; and in a "burning bush."Joseph "This day will I begin to magnify God be with thee, as he was with

Smith found him in the cool freshness thee in the sight of all Israel, that they Moses."(Josh. 1:1617.)

of a primeval forest and on a hill called may know that, as I was with Moses, "To your tents, O Israel,"stand firm

Cumorah. Peter found him at the Sea so I will be with thee."(Josh. 3:7.) and loyal and immovable.

of GalTlee and on the Mount of TransAnd may the Lord bless us, his In the name of Jesus Christ.

figuration. servants, who have raised our hands Amen. Q

Monday afternoon session, April 6, 1970

AW)rld Message

Elder Ezra Taft Benson Of the Council of the Twelve

My brethren and sisters, I presume portance of missionary work. Matthew, God the Father and his Son Jesus

as we come to the end of a threeday in the last two verses of his Gospel, Christ to Joseph Smith, it appears that conference, and the seventh session, summarizes these important instructhe first great responsibility placed those who are present represent the tions in these words: upon the restored Church was to carry

survival of the fittest. "Go ye therefore, and teach all nathe gospel to the world—to all our

With all my heart I love, support, tions, baptizing them in the name of Father's children.

and sustain President Joseph Fielding the Father, and of the Son, and of the It has truly been a great drama of

Smith as prophet, seer, and revelator Holy Ghost: transcendent importance—a drama of

and President of the Church, and the "Teaching them to observe all things sacrifice, joy, hardship, courage, and two noble men who stand at his side whatsoever I have commanded you: above all, love of fellowmen. Noin the First Presidency. I know they and, lo, I am with you alway, even where upon the face of the earth will

are great men of God who will lead unto the end of the world. Amen."you find a human drama to equal it.

the Church forward and upward under (Matt. 28:1920. Italics added.) Yes, it has cost blood, sweat, and tears

the inspiration of heaven. Mark, in his record, states: to carry forth this labor of love. And

I talk to the subject "A World "Go ye into all the world, and why have we done it? Because the God

Message."preach the gospel to every creature. of heaven has commanded it; because

Missionary work—the preaching of "He that believeth and is baptized he loves his children, and it is his willthe gospel—has been the major activity shall be saved; but he that believeth that the teeming millions of the earth

of the true Church of Christ whenever not shall be damned."(Mark 16:15shall have opportunity to hear and, of

the gospel has been upon the earth. 16. Italics added.) their own free will, accept and live the

Prophets of God and numerous other And so it has been in every gospel glorious saving and exalting principles ambassadors of truth have preached dispensation. Preaching the saving of the gospel of Jesus Christ.

the word "in season, out of season."principles of the gospel has ever been To the Prophet Joseph Smith he,

(2 Tim. 4:2.) a great responsibility of first imeven Jesus Christ whose name the

The resurrected Lord in his final portance. Church bears, proclaimed:

instructions to his apostles, before his It is true in this gospel dispensation. "And this gospel shall be preached

ascension, emphasized the great imFollowing the glorious appearance of unto every nation, and kindred, and

Era, June 1970 95 In the timetable of the Lord "this is peoplethe islandsfrom ofafar;the andsea, yelistenthat together."are upon

Many times reference has been made apparently the day for work in Asia"to these prophetic words in the past two years as I have made five visits to these Asian lands as a church leader and two earlier visits as a cabinet official. I thought of the words "ye

people from afar"as we visited Thailand, Malaysia, Vietnam, Singapore,

Indonesia, India, and so on, and was tongue, and people."(D&C 133:37.) faithful missionaries everywhere and told by our travel agent we could return

"Wherefore the voice of the Lord is devoted families who support them: go to Salt Lake City by traveling eitherunto the ends of the earth, that all that forward with faith and courage. You east or west—"the distance is about

will hear may hear!"(D&C 1:11.) are engaged in the greatest work in all the same."I thought of this as I pre-

"And the voice of warning shall be the world—the saving of the souls of sented the King of Thailand with a

unto all people, by the mouths of my the children of men. In this great work copy of Joseph Smith's testimony—offdisciples, whom I have chosen in these we cannot fail. the press the day before—the first

last days."(D&C 1:4.) Our Father's children need the gosChurch publication in the Thai lan-

"That the fulness of my gospel might pel. They long for, and want, the guage.

be proclaimed by the weak and the security and inner peace that only the "... and ye that are upon the islands

simple unto the ends of the world, gospel can bring. Our Father's chilof the sea, listen together."How these

and before kings and rulers."(D&C dren are essentially good. I have visited words—and similar words from the

1:23.) with them in some sixty nations on Book of Mormon (2 Ne. 29:7, 11)—

These are direct commands of the both sides of the Iron Curtain. True, have come to mind in the past two

Lord Jesus Christ, whose second coming some are in bondage under despotic, years, in the island nation of Japan at is near. In response to these comGodless leaders, but they want to live a youth conference before 800 youth,

mands and with a knowledge of the in peace, to be good neighbors. They as we listened to 125 personal testiblessings of the gospel, we, as members love their homes and their families. monies in a fourhour testimony meetof his church, will continue to reThey want to improve their standard ing, which closed in order to permit a

spond. of living. In their hearts they want to scheduled public meeting to start,

This is why hundreds of thousands do what is right. I know the Lord loves leaving 85 young people wanting to

of missionaries have gone forth to the them, and as his humble servant I add their testimonies.

nations of the earth at the expenditure have a love in my heart for the teemWe were reminded of the words of millions of dollars from their modest ing millions of this world. "islands of the sea"as I dedicated the

means. This is why the First Presi- I have sensed this feeling anew and land of Singapore last April, where we

dency of the Church even during the more strongly than ever, as I have already have two congregations and a last world war declared, "No act of mingled with the humble, sweetnew church building underway.

ours or of the Church must ever interspirited people of Asia during the past Again we thought of the words of fere with this Godgiven mandate."two years. I have seen, at close range, the Lord, "islands of the sea,"as we

It is in very deed a mandate to his the manner in which the Lord has visited Taiwan and attended a district church. It will be carried out. No turned disasters—war, occupation, and conference with over two thousand inpower on earth or in hell can stop this revolution—into blessings. Prophecies attendance in Manila in the Philipwork or thwart the purposes of the of the Lord are being fulfilled. The pines—some forty million people on

Lord to have his soulsatisfying gospel gospel is reaching peoples who a few seven thousand islands. Again the

message go to his children. It may years ago seemed unreachable. In words "islands of the sea"crowded in

take war, commotion, disasters in many spite of powerful traditions, religious upon us as we were welcomed by forms to bring it about. But the purdogmas, and ancient national policies, friendly leaders to dedicate the land

poses of God will be achieved. His great changes have come over entire of fourteen thousand islands in Indochildren will hear the gospel of salvanations. Miracles are happening before nesia—a land that has recently passed

tion in his own due time. our very eyes. The Lord is working through a blood bath to try to rid this

The time must surely come when great wonders, and his children are freedomloving people of godless Comthe Iron Curtain will be melted down rejoicing as the blessings of the gospel munism.

and the Bamboo Curtain shattered. touch their lives. It is marvelous to A visit with the leader of Free China

What the Lord has decreed will be behold. Let me illustrate. on the island of Taiwan and the infulfilled. To members of the Church In the prophetic revelation (D&C 1) creasing membership of the Church in

and honesthearted people everywhere, referred to by the Lord as "my preface Hong Kong, Korea, and elsewhere we remind you that God is at the unto the book of my commandments, show these friendly, humble, courahelm—he is not dead—and he has which I have given them to publish geous people are heeding the call of the

said, "Be still, and know that I am unto you, O inhabitants of the earth"Lord and are "listen [ing] together."

God."(Ps. 46:10.) To us in this day (verse 6), the Lord called out in these There has never been a time until

he has declared: words: "Hearken, O ye people of my now when the Church has had the

"Wherefore, lift up your hearts and church, saith the voice of him who strength and means to reach out effecrejoice, and gird up your loins, and dwells on high, and whose eyes are tively to the Asian nations. In the

take upon you my whole armor, that ye upon all men; yea, verily I say: Hearktimetable of the Lord, the door is now

may be able to withstand the evil day, en ye people from afar; and ye that are open, and this is apparently the day

having done all, that ye may be able upon the islands of the sea, listen for work in Asia. Each visit has been

to stand."(D&C 27:15.) together"(verse 1). more encouraging and inspirational

To the thousands throughout the These significant words fit the Asian than the last. The work is expanding,

world who are accepting the gospel; to countries remarkably. "Hearken ye and further expansion is in the offing.

In each of the countries the tremendous speeches and paid tribute to the be held at Mt. Fuji, Japan, April 9-12,

growth is an inspiration. This is where Church. They told of man's eternal next weekend.

the people are—hy the hundreds of search for happiness and emphasized The missions of Asia are getting

cases, in are some and, devoted, hightype, "the pleased Mormons they were population of themillions—onethird

little branch to tell converts. '70 to One prominent to Expo us all how coming the total fromof the world. Of course,

standpoint of population, we are just find happiness."And as the missionof 50 members in Korea has five colgetting started. aries commented, "We will in very lege professors. The land of Indonesia,

dedicated people, million was 130 deed returned just show them how to find hapwith wife and I have My preaching for the of 1969, 26, piness."October weeks inspirational busy but threefrom

in the Asian missions. The five misWith one half million copies of the the gospel. The work has started with

sions were increased to six four months Book of Mormon pledged and ready, a few missionaries in Djakarta. More

ago and have just increased to eight, millions of pamphlets and tracts on missionaries are needed. A new mission

with the expectation of at least one hand, and scores of dedicated guides has been established with headquarters more within a year. This indicates the and hundreds of missionaries who will in Singapore.

growth that is taking place in these follow up on referrals, truly the We are building up substantial conareas. "people from afar"on "the islands of gregations, and the foundation is being

While in Japan I was joined by three the sea"will "listen together"and be laid for a tremendous expansion of the

General Authorities and three other welcomed to membership in the work in the Asian area. Baptisms for

leaders who made up the invited offiChurch. 1969 were over 100 percent ahead of a

cial Church representation appointed In Japan the Church has been wellyear ago, and the trend continues upby the First Presidency to attend the established in two missions and several ward.

grand opening March 14 of the world's districts. A few days ago two more One of our great needs, in addition

is buildings. Infair known as Expo '70—the first missions were organized. Four missions to more missionaries,

world's fair in Asia and said to be the on the islands of Japan and Okinawa the entire Philippine Mission, we have largest world's fair ever. will permit more intensive work in reonly one building. But building sites

The day before, March 13, the seven sponse to the increasing interest. There are being purchased, and plans are

of us, members of our families, distinare nearly fourteen million people in going forward for the building of adguished fair officials, mayors of cities, the immediate vicinity of Tokyo and ditional chapels in various parts of representatives of the press, and as Yokohama, where we have good leaderthese areas. A large sixfloor building

many members and friends of the ship and a stable organization. A new is being planned by the First Presicould for central Tokyo. This dency Sunday, in Tokyo, organized 600 stake as space wasChurch permitted—some

distrifacilities, stake and ward of are house that stake 15. The leaders dedication March of the Mormon the attended

Pavilion. Because of its location, archihere at this conference—as they said, bution center, mission offices, construcfacilities. other offices, so tion are and they literally on air, walking the Angel figure a tecture—with

stakes see shall our lifetime In we stake has been Asian second our happy. high a AMoroni atop spire—andof

in great chapels, number, converts Philipin and the in Manila For Search authorized "Man's theme,challenging

Happiness,"it will, no doubt, be a pines, where we baptized some fourteen local leadership with power and ability, popular fair attraction. Some 20,000 hundred new converts in 1969. Other and perhaps even a temple erected

visited our pavilion the first day, and stakes to carry on the full, rich program among the good people of Asia. That

over 43,000 the first Saturday. Our of the Church will be created in other is their hope and their prayer.

great concern is to be able to take care Asian countries. Anticipating the creaThe outlook is most encouraging. The

converts, the is the blessing in new mission separate Free Lord of tion a at five of the numbers—estimated

presidents. mission the missionaries, of mission construction a to new China, are expected eight to greatmillion—who everyof is a spirit optimism for Taipei. There approved been has Already home enter our building. to want the film Man's Search for Happiness—Japan now has over twelve thousand where among these humble people, as

of filmed with Japanese characters—is members of the Church. There are men of prominence extend the hand

being shown in cultural halls and elsefour thousand in Korea, nearly six fellowship and cooperation.

where in an effort to partially satisfy thousand in the Philippines, some four May God bless richly these teeming those who may not be able to gain thousand in Hong Kong, and more millions in the Asian countries—these

that ye afar and "people from has choice beginning Taiwan. that in expect the than confidently A admission. We

as they of sea"the the islands Singapore, are upon and in Thailand, for missionaries been requests made referrals and to reach into hundreds of thousands. Indonesia. We have strong congrega- "listen together"to the message of salAs we enjoyed the inspiring dedications on Okinawa, and a nucleus of vation from the humble servants of tory services, I recalled the several Vietnamese have come into the God—local members and missionaries,

contacts with fair officials in lunchChurch. Our servicemen in Korea laid all. Our message is a world message.

eons, dinners, etc., and their gracious the foundation for the Church there; The Church of Jesus Christ of Latteris organization. Saints a world to Vietnam, peace we day comes press and when Japan, Osaka, cooperation—the declared through has the Lord For for the prepared shall find the way the groundbefore conference the night

breaking service, when 29 representaspreading of truth among that people. the Prophet Joseph Smith, "And the

tives of the press and mass media kept Mormon servicemen, God bless voice of warning shall be unto all us for an hour and a half, asking them, throughout these nations are people, by the mouths of my disciples, intelligent questions about the Church laying the foundation for effective whom I have chosen in these last days.

and our people and especially our proselyting as they help to construct "And they shall go forth and none pavilion theme. Later that evening chapels and make friends and converts shall stay them, for I the Lord have

them."commanded (D&C 1:4-5.) a recent tour, Church. dedifor the of press On the met us as we many

witness, in bear humble in six installations To this I visits were made to Okainachi Mormon the cated new chapel. Again they were with us the Thailand. We have three welloperat- deep gratitude for the Lord's blessing

next day at the official groundbreaking ing districts of servicemen in Vietnam. on our work in Asia and throughout

service. Here six high Expo '70, govSome one thousand are registered for the world, in the name of the Lord

ernment, and civic officials made the Asian Servicemen's Conference to Jesus Christ. Amen. O

Era, June 1970 97 Beneath the Hearth

Elder Marion D. Hanks

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve::

;;;:;;.':ij

It is a very pleasant and humbling efforts to do that—each of us. Parents should be deeply concerned

and uplifting experience to look at It has been -written: "As are families, to build friendships with other families

your faces in this congregation and to so is society. If well ordered, well inwho have wholesome ideals, whose

remember with gratitude and affection structed, and well governed, they are family life is constructive and strong.

the gracious kindness with which you the springs from which go forth the Children can greatly profit through exaccept our humble efforts in your stakes streams of national greatness and prosposure to other homes, parents, and and missions as we go on assignment perity—of civil order and public hapfamilies where there is good disposition,

there. I know that many of the probpiness."(Thayer.) pleasant attitude, good fun, good

lems you deal with, many of the most In the early days of the restoration, humor, good literature, respect and difficult ones, involve homes and the leaders of the Church were indiscipline, and cleanliness and prayer;

families, and it is of this that I would structed to "set in order your houses."where there is devotion to serving the

like to speak this afternoon. Few other The Lord gave clear and explicit inLord; where the gospel is lived.

subjects seem to me so urgently imporstructions to the brethren and certainly With children, as all of us know, tant in our time or to have such eternal to all the members of the Church that life is often a matter of following the relevance. they be "more diligent and concerned leader, and wise parents will want

I speak to those who have children at home, and pray always...."(D&C their children to enjoy the influence

at home, and to those who have influ93:50.) of other families whose convictions and

ence in homes where there are children, The wise men of the world have example will offer them strong incenas well as to the great generation, repadded their witness to the importance tives to build happy relationships in resented by this marvelous [Logan of doing this. Let me quote one, Martin their own homes.

Institute of Religion] chorus, who are Buber: As parents we have been very gratemaking decisions now that will effec- "If we had power over the ends of ful for the wonderful neighborhoods

tively influence their future homes the earth it would not give us that fulin which we have been privileged to and families. fillment of existence which a quiet, live, and for the strong families in

In offering my witness about the devoted relationship to nearby life can whose homes our children have visited home and family, I renew my expresgive us. If we knew the secrets of the as friends or baby tenders. Many resion of deep respect for children who upper worlds, they would not allow ligions and viewpoints are represented

wisely choose the better way, often in us so much actual participation in true among our neighbors, and our children improvement upon their parents, and existence as we can achieve by perhave profited greatly and have been my deep compassion for good parents forming with holy intent a task begreatly strengthened in their gratitude who strive earnestly to bring up their longing to our daily duties. Our for their own home and faith from

children in the way they should go, treasure is hidden beneath the hearth seeing the quality of the homes and only to have those children use their of our own home."families of the good people among

individuality and agency to follow It is on this strong affirmation, which whom we are privileged to live.

other ways. The Lord has forcefully I believe with all my heart, that I Across the street, for instance, is a

taught us that in his eyes "the son shall offer five specific suggestions as to how wonderful Latterday Saint family not bear the iniquity of the father, we may find and multiply the treasures into whose home I have always been neither shall the father bear the hidden beneath the hearth of our own grateful to have my youngsters go.

iniquity of the son."(Ezek. 18:20.) home. The mother is a warm, gracious friend

Each accountable person must ultiFirst let me mention family associaand homemaker whose surroundings mately answer for his own decisions. tions. reflect her own character. Her husIt is our individual responsibility, What other families does your famband is a special kind of man who has

parent or child or parentto-be, to ily know well? What other fathers inspired our children and others in the

make decisions that will improve upon and mothers do they see in action? Do neighborhood with his creative efforts

the quality of our homes and our reyour children ever sit at the table or to encourage patriotism and learning lationships within them, and each of in family home evening, or kneel in and appreciation of our historical us should be anxious and honest in his prayer with another family? heritage. There have been contests and

essays and quizzes, serious celebrations In 1926 The Improvement Era carpline in the home; and of course I am

along with the parties and fun on ried a memorable statement by a not talking about harsh punishments special holidays. college senior concerning thoughts of but of fair rules, understood and enThat leads me to the second suggeshome and relationships there. Let me forced, with sanctions consistently

tion. Families thrive on traditions and read what he wrote about his good they are broken. imposed when I am

rituals the special of family life. Celehome: thinking of realities, of facts to be

brating special days and seasons in "1. I wish I could remember one faced, of a future of attitudes toward

special ways, working together, enjoyFourth of July, or one circus day, or law and rules and personal responsiing family home evenings and family one canyon trip, in which my father bility being learned. Samuel Johnson,

councils and conversations, deciding had joined us boys, instead of giving the great British literary genius, said upon and preparing for and enjoying us the money and equipment to go, that he would never permit his children is, to to deny him"—thatholidaysprayers—theretogether,are sofamilymany mealssignificantand madewhile heus andfeel motherguilty bystayedworkinghome,whileand tocallers"denythat he was at home when he

ways to build family traditions that we played. was, busy as he was. He said, "If I

will be remembered. "2. I wish I could remember one teach my children to lie for me, I may

With all else that is sacred about evening when he had joined us in be sure that they will soon conceive

Christmas, for instance, it can mean singing, or reading, or tussling, instead the notion of lying to me."

a beloved white star on the chimney of always sitting so quietly with his Discipline involves adult solutions that symbolizes the season. It may newspaper by the reading lamp. to the problems that arise in living toalso mean that special time together "3. I wish I could remember one gether. Wise parents do not subject

on Christmas Eve, carols sung at each month, or week, or day even, when he each other or their children to emohome in the neighborhood, up and had made purposeful work out of tional poisoning. Disagreements are

down the block, fun and music, and drudgery by planning the farm work handled maturely and constructively the involvement of others from outwith us, instead of merely announcing and not destructively.

side the home. Everyone participates, each morning what that day's work Discipline begins with concern and

but especially the guests who share the would be. commitment and example, like that

experience, who take part, who read "4. I wish I could remember one other word that comes from the same

and contribute some special 'thought Sunday when he had bundled us all root: disciple.

of Christmas. The Bible teaches us into the buggy and taken all to church Children need standards, need guidethat we must not be forgetful to entertogether, instead of staying home while lines of behavior, and limits. They

tain strangers, for in so doing many we went in the morning, and leaving need models who care, who are firm have entertained angels unaware. The us home while he and mother went and fair and sensitive and consistent.

custom of having honored guests with in the afternoon. Wholesome discipline can be gentle

us in our home has given us that ex- "5. I wish that I could remember and sensitive, but often it isn't.

perience every year for many years at just one talk in which we had dis- A daughter and I were recently disChristmas and other times. cussed together the problems and facts cussing her return home at an hour

Let me be personal enough to menthat trouble every growing boy, on that seemed questionable to me. I

tion that the choicest memories of which his clear and vigorous viewpoint shared with her an experience with my recent years, as we talk of ritual or might have shed such light and comwonderful mother. I had spent some

celebration at our home, are the times fort, instead of leaving me to pick up years away at schools and missions we prepared as a family to bid a the facts haphazardly as I might, and and wars, and the two of us were now precious child farewell on her way to to solve the problems as best I could. alone at home. I returned from an

school. We celebrated the sad/happy "And yet, my conscience would cry appointment one evening at midnight

event and joined our hearts together as shame were I to blame him, for no man to find the light still on in Mother's the head of the home gave her a father's could ever be more devoted to his little bedroom. As I had always done,

blessing and invoked the Spirit of the family, more anxious for their welfare, I reported in to Mom, sat on her bed,

Lord upon her. Twice we have had more proud of their successes. His exand kidded with her a little. I asked

that glorious privilege, and pray God ample has been a beacon to us. He her why she was still awake. "I am

that enjoy it with each we may child. just didn't for there said. is the pity waiting she you,"know—and

It is of significant such simple but of it I said, just didn't that wait you "Did know for me while to me—he

things that family traditions are built, we needed him. He didn't know that I was on a mission, Mom, or at sea,

and unified families with them. we would rather have his companionor in battle?"

All of us turn reflectively to the ship than the land he could leave us Her answer was calm and sweet. She

sweet memories of our childhood at that some day, maybe, we might make gave me that little pat on the knee that home, and each of us, now blessed with money for ourselves, but that never reflects the mature compassion of the families or looking forward to that can we make for ourselves the memories wise for the ignorant, and said: "No,

privilege, should be thinking about that might have enriched and mellowed that would have been foolish. I just

the memories we will provide for their and molded our lives. I can't see a knelt down here by my bed and talked

future. Fathers and Sons'outing without a to the Lord about my boy. I told him

Third, let me mention family values. lump in my throat."(Era, December what kind of man I believed you to be

What gets major attention in our 1926, p. 145.) and wanted you to be, and prayed for

homes? What do we really care about, Fourth, I speak of discipline—discihis watchful care of you, and then left

take time for? What is worthy of our

consideration, our attention, our money, our efforts? What of books and reading them? What of thoughtful acts

ofof kindness, sharing, involving the family withinwhole without the "Families thrive on traditions and home? What of prayer, conversation,

genuine concern with each other? and the special rituals of family life"

Era, June 1970 99 you in his hands and went to sleep. and happiness of others. It is providing God help us to be more concerned

But now you are home,"she said, for our loved ones an atmosphere of with a high standard of life than with "and you can count on it that I will warmth and kindness that accepts and a high standard of living. God help

be interested in you as long as I live."preserves the uniqueness of each as an us, while there is time, to take time to

She is gone now, and it is remarkable individual person while building the do everything we can to bring about how often I get the feeling that she is unity of the home. now, or in the family we will one day

interested still, and forever will be. Love means friendship and companhave, by making wise choices now, the

Finally I mention family love, exionship and partnership and unity. It unity and strength and sweetness that

pressed in so many wonderful ways. expresses itself in modesty, in generos- a home is meant to have. I believe we

Someone once said—it's been often ity, in sensitivity, in courtesy, in can do that, or materially move toward

quoted—that the best thing a father counsel, in appropriate compromise. It bringing it about, through thoughtful

can do for his children is to love their inspires affection and confidence and family associations, memorable tradimother. I believe this, and that the trust and selfcontrol. Love, mature tions, correct values, wise discipline,

strongest and surest base for loving love, provides a climate of wholesome, and great love.

others is to love the Lord and to bring repentant, forgiving consideration. It What will we give our children to

the binding and blessing balm of that listens. It hears and senses the needs remember?

love into all relationships of the home. of another. It can never be separated It is likely that what they will reChildren have the right to learn that from character, from unselfishness, from member best is the treasure we unearth

love is the foundation of a good family, good humor, and from every tender from beneath the hearth of our own and that love cannot exist apart from virtue. It must be strongly said of each home,

such qualities as respect, consideration, of these avenues to family felicity that I know the gospel is true, and that responsibility, and loyalty. Love is not it does not just happen—it must be it has been restored, and that it centers

selfcentered and is not selfserving, brought about by people who think in the home. God bless us to strengthen

but is concerned with the wellbeing and care and make the effort. the home, in Jesus'name. Amen. O

c:

Witnesses to the Book ofMormon

President Milton R. Hunter

Of the First Council of the Seventy

Shortly before the Prophet Joseph add their witness to the truthfulness Ixtlilxochitl also claims that the first

Smith had completed translating the of the Book of Mormon. Ixtlilxochitl, settlers to come to America following

Book of Mormon, Jesus Christ and the an Indian prince who lived in the the flood came from "a very high

Angel Moroni bore witness that the valley of Mexico, wrote a book containtower"or the Tower of Babel. Observe

translation was correct and the book ing the history of his ancestors from how similar the accounts are as I quote was true. Never in the history of the the time of their arrival in America from them.

world had such astounding events ocuntil the coming of the Spaniards. "... Jared came forth with his

curred in relation to a book. He wrote his book from documents brother and their families, with some

A few years ago an apostle said to inherited from his ancestors. Thus, others and their families, from the

me: "It would be a discovery of great the Works of Ixtlilxochitl constitutes a great tower, at the time the Lord consignificance if one were to find an Lamanite version of the history of the founded the language of the people,

Indian book which sustained the Book ancient Americans, while the Book of and swore in his wrath that they of Mormon."Mormon represents the Nephite version. should be scattered upon all the face of

Such a book exists; in fact, I shall The two books have numerous things the earth; and according to the word

present quotations from four such Inin common; each verifies the other. For of the Lord the people were scattered."

dian books produced during the Amerexample, the Book of Mormon claims (Eth. 1:33.)

ican colonial period that contain that ancient America was settled first Ixtlilxochitl, the Indian writer, puts materials similar to those found in the by a group of colonizers called Jaredites, it this way:

Book of Mormon. The Indian writers who came from the Tower of Babel. "And... men, multiplying made a

to shelter in tower, order very high in it the second world "All of these Indian traditionsthemselves... when

should be destroyed.

"When things were at their best, and writings bear witness to the visits their language was changed and, not other, each theyunderstanding went made by the resurrected Saviorto different parts of the world."(Works

of Ixtlilxochitl, cited in Milton R.

Stuart Ferguson,Hunter and Thomas to America"

Ancient America and Book of The

Mormon, 1950, p. 24.)

In order that we might make additional comparison of the Book of

Mormon and the Works of Ixtlilxochitl, we quote the Jaredite record:

"... the Lord had compassion upon

Jared; therefore he did not confound all verify the Book of Mormon, which count to ours, comes to be at the same

the language of [Jared's people]...."claims that the ancient Americans came time when Christ our Lord suffered,

(Eth. 1:35, 37.) from the other side of the sea. A ship and they say it happened during the

Then the Lord guided Jared's colowas built at a place called Bountiful first days of the year."(Ixtlilxochitl,

nists over the land to the seashore and, under the direction of Nephi, the op. cit., p. 190.)

in barges brought them to America, youngest of four brothers who left JeruIt is important to note that the Book "into a land which [he declared] is salem with their father, Lehi. Under of Mormon account also places the

choice above all the lands of the earth."Nephi's direction, the colonists came great storm exactly at the time Jesus

(Eth. 1:42.) to America in that ship. Christ was on the cross and during the

The comparable story in Ixtlilxochitl In the Anales de los Xahil, we read: first days of the year. (3 Ne. 8:5-19.)

states "'How shall we cross the sea, oh our Following this terrible storm and "... and the Tultecas, who were as younger brother?'they said. And we three days of darkness, the Nephites

many as seven companions and their answered: 'We shall cross in the gathered together around the temple

wives, who understood their language ships....'Then we entered the ships in Bountiful. They heard a voice

among themselves, came to these parts,... then we traveled eastward and speak three times from heaven. The

having first crossed lands and seas, arrived there.'"(Anales de los Xahil, third time they perceived that it said:

living in caves and undergoing great Translation y notes de George Ray- "Behold my Beloved Son, in whom hardships, until they came to this land, mond, Miguel Angel Asturies, y J. M. I am well pleased, in whom I have

which they found good and fertile for Gonzales Mendoza, National Univerglorified my name—hear ye him."(3

their habitation."(ixtlilxochitl, op. cit., sity, Mexico, 1946.) Ne. 11:7.)

pp. 2425.) The Quiche Indians who wrote They all looked up toward heaven

Both the Book of Mormon and the Totonicapan declared that they were and saw a "man descending out of

Works of Ixtlilxochitl claim that two "descendants of Israel, of the same heaven... clothed in a white robe."

other groups of colonists migrated from language and the same customs.... (3 Ne. 11:8.) He came down and

the Old World to America. The first They were the sons of Abraham and stood in their midst and said: "Behold,

of these groups came from Jerusalem in Jacob."(Title of the Lords of Totoni- I am Jesus Christ, whom the prophets

600 B.C. They split into two groups, capan, p. 170.) testified shall come into the world."

called Nephites and Lamanites. The The Book of Mormon made a similar (3 Ne. 11:10.)

latter group became dark or bronze claim. The Nephites, Lamanites, and During the following month or more

colored, such as the American Indians. Mulekites came from Jerusalem, and he appeared to the Nephites many

The third group, the Mulekites, left so they were descendants of Israel or times, gave them the priesthood, and

Jerusalem in 586 B.C. and later merged sons of Abraham and Jacob. taught them the gospel of Jesus Christ.

with the Nephites. The claim is made in the TotonicaSo impressive was the influence of

The Book of Mormon speaks of the pan that the Lord gave the ancient the resurrected Lord on the ancient

Nephites as "a white and delightsome leader of this group a "present called Americans that when the Spaniards people."(2 Ne. 5:21.) GironGalgal,"which guided the ancame, they found all the Indian tribes

Ixtlilxochitl, speaking of this second cestors of the Indians across the ocean throughout the western hemisphere group of colonists, whom he called to their new land. (Ihid.) This gift is ardently worshiping his memory. DurToltecs, said: comparable to the Liahona, which was ing the American colonial period

"These kings were high of stature, given to Father Lehi by the Lord to everywhere, traditions were found that and white, and bearded like the Spanserve as a compass to guide his people told of a white and bearded God who iards...."(Ixtlilxochitl, op. cit., p. from Jerusalem to America. (1 Ne. visited the ancestors of the Indians in

240.) 16:10,27; 18:12; D&C 17:1.) ancient America. All of these Indian

Shortly after Don Pedro Pizarro and It is of significance to note that traditions and writings bear witness to his conquistadores conquered GuateIxtlilxochitl describes the terrible the visits made by the resurrected Savior mala, or about 1550 a.d., the Indians of storm that occurred in America at the to America, as recorded in the Book of

that land wrote four books. They were: time of the crucifixion of Christ, which Mormon.

The Annals of the Cakchiquels, Title confirms the Book of Mormon account. I bear my testimony, as a result of

of the Lords of Totonicapan, Popol To quote Ixtlilxochitl: reading the Book of Mormon, that the

Vuh, -and the Anales de los Xahil. "... the sun and the moon eclipsed, Holy Ghost has born witness to me

These books all give added testimony and the earth trembled, and the rocks that it is true. I testify that it contains

to the Book of Mormon. broke, and many other things and signs the word of God, that it is a true hisEach of these four books agrees with took place.... This happened in the tory of the ancient Americans. In the

the Works of Ixtlilxochitl, and they year of ce Calli, which, adjusting the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. O

Era, June 1970 101 FromWeakness to Strength President Hartman Rector, Jr.

Of the First Council of the Seventy

"Man that is born of a woman is will cease to exist. When he stops may be humble; and my grace is sufof few days, and full of trouble,"and feeding the evil desire, it dies. But of ficient for all men that humble themas disposed to evil "as the sparks fly course, what usually happens is that selves before me; for if they humble

upward."(Job 14:1; 5: 7.) we feed the evil desire just enough to themselves before me, and have faith

These words of the prophet Job are keep it alive and so we keep ourselves in me, then will I make weak things not particularly flattering to man, but in constant turmoil. become strong unto them."(Eth.

they are truthful. They represent only I presume that each one of us has 12:27.)

too vividly what the natural man is certain weaknesses that keep us from So where do we get our weaknesses?

like. King Benjamin added his testibeing as spiritually in tune as we would We get them from the Lord; the Lord

mony to this when he said: like to be. You are no doubt familiar gives us weaknesses so we will be hum-

"For the natural man is an enemy to with the way we kneel each day and ble. This makes us teachable. Now

God, and has been from the fall of ask the Lord to forgive us of our don't misunderstand me—the Lord is

Adam, and will be, forever and ever, "weaknesses and imperfections."We not responsible for the sin; he is only

unless he yields to the enticings of call them weaknesses—I don't know responsible for the weakness. It seems

the Holy Spirit, and putteth off the why we don't call them what they that all men have weaknesses in one natural man and becometh a saint really are. Of course, we are really form or another, character traits that

through the atonement of Christ the asking the Lord to forgive us of our make one more subject to a particular

Lord "(Mosiah 3:19.) sins. But somehow we don't like to temptation than another. Lehi states

This is strong testimony borne associate ourselves with sin, so we call that God "hath created all things, both against man, but a perusal of the them weaknesses. As a matter of fact, the heaven and the earth, and all

pages of history leaves little doubt as we do have weaknesses. Every one of things that in them are, both things

to its truthfulness. Man's inhumanus has them, things that cause us to to act and things to be acted upon.

ity to man has always been and is now desire that which is not good for us. "And to bring about his eternal pureverywhere in evidence. Where do you suppose we get these poses in the end of man, after he had

How can fallen human nature be weaknesses? If you pose this question created our first parents, and the beasts

changed from evil to good? Basically, to a group of Saints, it will astound of the field and the fowls of the air,

this must be the most important quesyou how many different answers you and in fine, all things which are cretion confronting mankind. All other get to this particular question. Some ated, it must needs be that there was

questions seem to pale into insignifiwill say that they are responsible for an opposition; even the forbidden fruit

cance when compared to this one, their own weaknesses; well, if you keep in opposition to the tree of life; the

because man cannot be saved in his your weaknesses, that's true, but that one being sweet and the other bitter.

sins. And yet there are those who say, is not where they came from. Another "Wherefore, the Lord God gave unto

"You can't change human nature."This will say weaknesses come from heredity man that he should act for himself.

claim is very frequently and flippantly or environment; in either instance, we Wherefore, man could not act for himmade. Of course it is false. President are passing the responsibility to someself save it should be that he was enDavid O. McKay taught something one else, either our parents or our ticed by the one or the other."(2 Ne.

completely different from this in 1945 neighborhood. Both of these sources 2:1416.)

when he said: "Human nature will have great influence upon us, but they Therefore, what you do with the

have to be changed on an enormous do not give us our weaknesses. Still weakness is up to you.

scale in the future or the world will another may blame Lucifer, the devil, The Prophet Joseph Smith said, be drowned in its own blood."for their weaknesses; surely he is al- "There are three independent princiOn the one hand, man wants to keep ways on the job, but this is not where ples; the Spirit of God, the spirit of

the commandments of God and serve we get our weaknesses, either. Where man, and the spirit of the devil. All

his fellowman; on the other, he can't do they really come from? men have power to resist the devil."

forget what he wants to do for himself. The Lord tells us the answer to this (Teachings of the Prophet Joseph

He wants to pay his tithing, but he question very plainly in the Book of Smith, p. 189.) But when our weakkeeps thinking about what he could Mormon. He says: nesses are exposed to Satan, he is quick

buy himself with the money. If he "And if men come unto me I will to take advantage of us by tempting

stops considering what he could buy show unto them their weakness. I.us in our selfishness.

with the Lord's money, the temptations give unto men weakness that, they Giving us weakness, however, is one

of the Lord's ways of getting our attenRightly understood, it merely points tion. He says this is the means he out where the Lord expects us to excel.

uses to make us humble, but he also And we will excel, too, because the says that if we will come unto him Lord will make us strong; our weakand have faith in him, he will make ness will become the strongest part of

us strong wherein we were weak. I our personality when we come unto the

know this is the truth. There are nuLord in humility and exercise faith in

merous examples in the scriptures that him. He not only forgives us, but he

vividly illustrate this principle—Alma doth immediately bless us. There is

and the sons of Mosiah in the Book of new confidence, new vision, new horiMormon, Peter and Paul in the Bible, zons—a new birth.

to name just a few. Alma was going The prophet Mormon stated very

about tearing down the church until plainly what I like to call the qualihe met an angel who turned him fication for the performance of miracles. Prices

around and made him one of the It is recorded in 3 Nephi, the eighth greatest missionaries we have any recchapter, and the fifth verse: "And now are LOW

ord of in the Book of Mormon. Paul it came to pass that according to our in Idaho

was out persecuting the saints when record, and we know our record to be true, for to the just a behold, the roadhe Lord on met Damasit was who man styles, or of Durathermographed thiscus. experience, After bedid did Scores truly keep Paul he the record—for direct accessories. all the Buy graved,

of greatest in missionaries the one miracles of Jesus; thecame many name leading manufacturWest's from save and

we have record of in the Bible. In his and there was not any man who could er of mailorder wedding invitations. Rush

own words, he declared: "I can do all do a miracle in the name of Jesus save orders shipped same day received!

things through Christ which strengthhe were cleansed every whit from his ened me."(Phil. 4:13.) iniquity."

I have witnessed this same truth in So this is the qualification: we must

force today. While I was serving as a be cleansed every whit from our

stake mission president at one time, the iniquity. When I first read this passage Send for FREE catalog, samples (25c if airmail

missionaries were meeting with a very of scripture, I felt to say "Hurray for desired). REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440

good man who was not a member of repentance!"for if it were not for reNan

the Church but who was married to a pentance, there would be no miracles fine Latterday Saint sister. This good performed. Addressbrother wanted to join the Church, but But repentance is granted unto man City, State, Zip he was addicted to tobacco. He had by the Lord. I am convinced that

tried to quit many times but he said repentance is about 90 percent from the he couldn't; he was just too weak. Lord and about 10 percent from man.

There were six stake missionaries Nephi goes still further and says, "...

who had met with him over a confor we know that it is by grace that we siderable period of time but who were are saved, after all we can do."(2 Ne.

unable to help him develop the 25:23.) However, man's part is the

strength to quit smoking. Finally, most urgent and vital part because it

under the influence of the Spirit, we must be first, and full, and sincere.

asked him if we could fast with him An ancient Hebrew writing declares, that he might overcome this weakness. "There must be a stirring below before

He considered the offer and agreed to there is a stirring above."This means

our proposal. We asked him then if that repentance must begin with us,

he would carry out the fast for two with mortals. Many times we say we

days. He agreed, so the fast went forth. are waiting on the Lord, when as a

Six stake missionaries, the smoking matter of fact, the Lord is waiting on us.

brother, and his wife fasted. "By this ye may know if a man reAt the completion of the fast, we all penteth of his sins—behold, he will

met in his home and knelt with him in confess them and forsake them."

in praying living each room,his 58:43.) turn. (D&C

essentially the prayers same; this happens, the Lord forHELP! wereThe When

they were, that the Lord would take gives and doth immediately bless him. This is when your insurance man

. to has to for go you work is. To make desire I bear his to this smoke. brother kind graciousfrom he and How

will, sure he sure he's make now last to pray brothers then he and the to you, and testimony wasHe my an independent insurance agent. Father, de- "I sisters,arose have our announced, no Heavenly that and God,

is His job first to serve you whensire hasn't to unto hears live, smoke."and smoked that he and He does anyou need help indemost. We're

Ithis that time prayers. testimony Since day. bear has he swers our pendent Call agents. time. us any

served in the bishopric of his ward that Jesus is the Christ and that he and even now is serving in a stake MIA lives. I know he lives, and that he

superintendency. He is today a stalhas made possible the forgiveness of

wart in the faith, a real servant of the sins to those who come unto him

Lord. The Lord literally took from through repentance, that through rehim his weakness and made him a pentance and obedience he turns our

tower of strength instead. weaknesses into strengths, and the time

So, if we have a weakness, we should is now. HEBER J. GRANT & CO.

not despair; we shouldn't neglect it, In the name of Jesus Christ. General Agents, Salt Lake City

but we shouldn't worry about it. Amen. O

Era, June 1970 103 "ChooseYe This Day"Elder Eldred G. Smith

Patriarch to the Church

I wish to express my deep gratitude fer, Satan, the devil, will be bound. restored, with the plan, the keys, and

for that sustaining vote in my behalf The scriptures say he will be "bound the authority to administer therein.

this morning. I pray I will be given with a chain"and "put into a bottomThen by each individual binding

the help to fully fulfill this responsiless pit."To me, these are symbolical Satan through his righteous living, we

bility. I wish to personally express my terms. I cannot quite conceive of steel can bring about the glorious conditions

sustaining vote in favor of President chains or pits that could hold Satan. like those spoken of which will exist

Joseph Fielding Smith and all the The only power I know of that will during the millennial reign.

other General Authorities, including bind Satan, or render him powerless, We have had such conditions on the the new ones added this day. The Lord is righteous living. earth to prove to us that it can be done.

has always given his people prophets The war that started in heaven has When the Lord told Enoch, "Choose and leaders to guide us and give us not ended yet and shall not end until ye this day, to serve the Lord God who counsel. everyone has proved the extent of his made you,"he did just that. He walked

Speaking to Enoch, who was only the ability to resist Satan. Even Jesus and talked with God. He preached

sixth generation of mortality on this Christ had to bind Satan when he was repentance and many followed him, earth, the Lord said, "Say unto this tempted in the wilderness. Satan had and in his days, the record says, "...

people: Choose ye this day, to serve no power over him, because Jesus rehe built a city that was called the City

the Lord God who made you."(Moses sisted his temptations. Then the record of Holiness, even ZION."(Moses 7:19.)

6:33.) says, "... he departed from him for a "And all the days of Zion, in the

It has been necessary for the prophseason."(Luke 4:13.) days of Enoch, were three hundred and

ets of God to cry repentance since the When you have resisted a temptation sixtyfive years.

very beginning, and will continue until it no longer becomes a tempta- "And Enoch and all his people throughout the rest of mortality, even tion, then to that extent, Satan has lost walked with God, and he dwelt in the until the Savior comes to reign on the his power over you, and as long as you midst of Zion; and it came to pass that

earth for a thousand years. do not yield to him, to that degree he Zion was not, for God received it up

Many of us think it would be easy is bound. into his own bosom; and from thence

to serve the Lord and keep his comFor instance, if you have learned to went forth the saying, ZION IS mandments if we were permitted to live pay tithing until it is no burden or no FLED."(Moses 7:6869.)

during that great millennial reign real temptation anymore, then to that In the Book of Mormon another which is to come when Christ will be extent you have bound Satan. The similar occasion is recorded. After

here on earth and Satan will be bound. same is true in keeping the Word of Christ's resurrection he visited the inJohn wrote: "And I saw an angel Wisdom or living the laws of chastity, habitants of this continent. He estabcome down from heaven, having the or the other laws of the gospel. Satan lished his church and kingdom among

key of the bottomless pit and a great becomes powerless to you in that field. them, and the record in the Book of

chain in his hand. Then step by step, you may bind Mormon tells us they lived righteously

"And he laid hold on the dragon, Satan now; you don't have to wait for for some two hundred years. (See 4 Ne.

that old serpent, which is the Devil, the millennial reign. 22.) Surely Satan was bound then, by

and Satan, and bound him a thousand This has to start first on an inditheir righteous living.

years, vidual basis, each person individually; Down through the ages the Lord has

"And cast him into the bottomless then a group, then several groups, and continually told us what we must do pit, and shut him up, and set a seal so on until the whole earth is full of to bind Satan and receive the blessings upon him, that he should deceive the righteousness. he has in store for us. Every speaker at

nations no more, till the thousand This is how I believe the conditions this conference has told us how we can years should be fulfilled...."(Rev. described during the millennial reign bind Satan, and I recommend to you

20:1-3.) will be developed. these talks, that you read them and

Many other scriptures refer to the Today is the time to prepare for the reread them and study them and literthousand years of wonderful, glorious ushering in of that glorious time on the ally make them a part of your lives.

conditions on the earth, because Luciearth. This is why the gospel has been Enoch's message, then, is just as

104 Era, June 1970 Wheat, Rice, Peas and Beans are NOT enough.

Fully balanced, meals as usual is provided.

No sudden shock to the body.

GUESS WORK, mystery and confusion removed.

Six (6) Units to choose from.

Stabilized Storage Atmosphere replaces oxygen in the can.

Heavy duty, technogenic cans, for long range storage is a must.

Unit One will easily feed one person for eighteen (18) months at a cost of less than 20c per person per meal.

Fourteen (14) years of research on most products.

No refrigeration—No Rotation needed.

No waste—minimum of garbage disposal.

Minimum storage area required.

Easy to move if transferred.

Easy to store, use, identify and inventory.

Packed in strong white cardboard carton, for extra protection and insulation.

Only the best of the finest quality products are used.

Unit Three contains powdered shortening, powdered butter, powdered cheese, powdered creams (sour and sweet) powdered peanut butter, meat, fats, oil and sugar.

innSum onnu Write For The Name oi Your Neares 149 East 3rd Street Representative - WORLD WIDE

Beaumont, California 92223 Phone (714) 8451691 We reserve the right to substitute when necessoc fitting and appropriate today as then, even in water, in the name of mine virgins refer to those who have acif not more so. Only Begotten Son, who is full of cepted him in baptism—only 50 perHe said: "Behold Satan hath come grace and truth, which is Jesus Christ, cent of whom were really ready.

among the children of men, and the only name which shall be given If he were to come today, would you tempteth them to worship him; and under heaven, whereby salvation shall be counted among the 50 percent of

men have become carnal, sensual, and come unto the children of men, ye shall the members of his kingdom who will devilish, and are shut out from the receive the gift of the Holy Ghost, askbe prepared, or among the 50 percent presence of God. ing all things in his name, and whatof his kingdom who will only be partly

"But God hath made known unto our soever ye shall ask, it shall be given prepared, or will you not be counted fathers that all men must repent. you."(Moses 6:4952.) in his kingdom at all, waiting for a

"And he called upon our father This is how the way must be pretime when Satan will be bound for

Adam by his own voice, saying: I am pared for the coming of the Savior. His you instead of binding him yourself?

God; I made the world, and men bekingdom must be established on earth Choose ye this day to serve the Lord

fore they were in the flesh. to prepare for his coming. God who made you.

"And he also said unto him: If thou He has given us the parable of the I testify that his kingdom has been

wilt turn unto me, and hearken unto ten virgins, symbolic of his coming established upon the earth in these, my voice, and believe, and repent of the five wise virgins who were prepared the latter days, in the name of Jesus all thy transgressions, and be baptized, and the five who were foolish; the ten Christ. Amen. O

? Why a Prophet

Elder LeGrand Richards Of the Council of the Twelve

Brothers and sisters, we are about compliments have been paid to the have in my missionary work, who have to come to the end of a most inspiraProphet Joseph Smith and his succesbeen taught for years, some even in tional and historic conference of The sors. I think of what the Prophet Lehi the ministry, you find that you can

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday said to his son Joseph in the wilderness talk to them for hours and they have

Saints; historic because today we have—that the Lord promised Joseph who no questions to ask. You tell them

voted to sustain the man whom God was sold into Egypt that in the latter things they have never heard of, and has chosen to stand at the head of his days he would raise up from his loins prove these things to them out of their work here upon this earth under the a prophet whose name would be own scriptures. That I can tell you

direction of his Son Jesus Christ, beJoseph, and that his father's name from my own experience. One man was

cause this church, as Paul of old said, would be Joseph. (See 2 Ne. 3.) He brought into the Church who had been

is built upon the foundation of apossaid he would bring forth his word. a minister for 30 years, and he sat in

tles and prophets, with Christ our Lord He brought us the Book of Mormon, my office and said, "Brother Richards, as the chief cornerstone. (See Eph. the Doctrine and Covenants, the Pearl when I think of how little I had to

2:20.) I am sure that those of us who of Great Price, and many other writoffer my people as a minister of the

know President Joseph Fielding Smith ings. As far as the records indicate, gospel compared with what I now have

and the men whom he has selected to there has never been a prophet upon in the fullness of the gospel as it has be his counselors feel grateful to the the face of the earth who has given as been restored, I want to go back and

Lord for them. We feel secure in our much revealed truth as we have obtell all my friends what I have found.

hearts to know that this work will tained through this prophet whom Now,"he said, "they won't listen to continue to roll forth in the earth, God raised up in our day. And he said me."

building upon the foundation that has he would not only bring forth his The Lord said in his promise to been laid by their predecessors, until it word but would also bring men to a Joseph regarding this prophet of our shall become as a great mountain and conviction of his word that had already day that he shall bring men unto salfill the whole earth. gone forth among them. vation. Why? Because he would be

During this conference, eulogy and Now when you talk to men as I endowed with that same authority that

Jesus gave to his twelve when he said, dle of the night and move his team "Ye have not chosen me, but I have that was tied to an oak that had stood chosen you, and ordained you...."on that spot for over a hundred years. r.

(John 15:16.) "... and whatsoever Then along came a twister and picked

thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound up that oak and threw it right where in heaven."(Matt. 16:19.) Without his team and wagon in which he and

that authority, there can be no Church his wife were sleeping had been standof Jesus Christ upon the earth that he ing. If he hadn't listened to the

will recognize. promptings of the Spirit, this might

The Lord adds in that promise conhave cost him his life. "FOR TIME

cerning the Prophet Joseph, "And I He told about bringing a company eyes."great in Saints Great of pioneers mine fromwill make and him (2

in Britain. the 3:8.)Ne. world landed they Whatever New OR ETERNITY"may When

think of this prophet of this dispensaOrleans, he was about to enter a boat, The story of a girl faced tion, there is the promise and the making arrangements, and something with marriage outside the statement of the Lord that he will be seemed to say, "Don't go on that boat, temple. The film presents

great in his eyes. The Lord had him either you or your company."So he the need of making a

in waiting, three thousand years before thanked the captain and decided to careful choice of a marhe was even born, for the great mission wait. Then he said the boat had no riage partner.

to which he was called, just as the more than sailed up the river when it

Savior was called to his mission—not caught fire and not a soul was saved.

Ithe said, "If of listened of mission to but equal hadn't same kind He the INSPIRATIONAL of of in that Spiritimportance part of the Lord, the the promptings it was a

Lord's great eternal plan for the salvawe wouldn't have had Brother Soand- LDS FILMS tion of his children. So and Brother Soand-So,"and he Available from your

We could refer to each of the sucbegan naming men who were in that nearest LDS Film Library cessors of the Prophet Joseph Smith. company.

Take Brigham Young, for instance. I Now I could go on with the other BYU EDUCATIONAL

think history records no colonizer like prophets it has been my privilege to MEDIA SERVICE

Brigham Young. Just look at what we know. How I loved President Heber J. Herald R. Clark Building

enjoy right here in these valleys of the Grant! He called me to be the PresidBrigham Young University

I this tabernacle, thatmountains, holy ing Bishop of the Church. How loved Provo, Utah 84601

city of father itself is part the his President F. Smith,temple. The Joseph

work as he led the pioneers to this of our new President! He was one of

desert place and built this great the greatest prophets I have ever commonwealth. known. I have heard him speak in this

You could consider each of the other tabernacle and bless the people, and prophets who have succeeded him. My I don't think there was a dry eye here

father used to bring us boys here, because of the spiritual power that man travel 40 miles by team, so that we had. When I had filled two missions

could become acquainted with the and went in his office to report, he leaders of the Church. I remember as took me in his arms and said,

a boy sitting in this tabernacle when "LeGrand, we love you."That paid

Wilford Woodruff gave his last talk for all the missionary work I had done (I think it was his last talk before he up to that time.

passed away) when he told how marThen I think of President David O.

velously the Spirit of the Lord had McKay. For years, everywhere we have

guided and directed him. He was a gone in the Church, the Saints have

man who really lived near the Lord. said, "Take our love back to President

Now you've heard his story of how McKay."Even little children would

he was inspired to get up in the midwrite their messages and ask us to

REMEMBER

hand them to the President. What a other than a prophet of God.

businessto story told sent of a prepare the the his coming I was way for of time. East a here in the the from meridian said there came who 0iMusic Co. manleader he really was! The Savior testified of John, who was He

talking to greater in years ago, no of prophet the was few and born woman Broadway 327 of I of secretary the Baptist. the than think John Chamber ComThen

Falls, Idaho Idaho said, of merce, of the to the what words you the he Lord prophet know "Do

I'd rather do than anything else while Malachi, wherein he said:

FOR EVERYTHING MUSICAL I'm here?"The secretary said, "What's "Behold, I will send my messenger,

that?"He said, "I would like to meet and he shall prepare the way before

CHORAL sassa-ssaasab-satbttbb that man, David O. McKay, the Presime: and the Lord, whom ye seek, shall

... his of VOCAL SOLOS secular and sacred thedent secretaryof the Mormonsaid, "IChurch."think I "Well,"can arsuddenly"But whocomemayto abidehis temple.the day

PIANO SOLOS range it."And he did, and President coming?... for he is like a refiner's

McKay talked to him for about an fire, and like fullers'soap."(Mai.

PIANO METHODS hour. As he walked down the front 3:1-2.)

PIANO COLLECTIONS steps of the Church Office Building, he Obviously that had no reference to turned to the secretary and said, "If I his first coming, as he did not come

SACRED PIANO COLLECTIONS were asked to name the one man whom swiftly to his temple, and all men

ORGAN METHODS I have met in all my life that comes could abide the day of his coming. He

the nearest in approximating my apdidn't come cleansing and purifying

ORGAN COLLECTIONS praisal of the Redeemer of the world, as refiner's fire and fullers'soap; but

POPULAR VOCAL FOLIOS I'd name that man."He was beloved we are told in the holy scriptures that

in and out of the Church. when he shall come in the latter days,

POPULAR SHEET MUSIC And now, brothers and sisters, we the wicked will cry out, "[Let the have a man who has come to us from rocks] fall upon us, and hide us from

Write for new lists hasthe devotedloins ofhisthelifeholyto theprophets,Church, whoand thethrone."face (Seeof himRev.that6:16.)sittethFromon themy

Orders filled immediately whoexplanationhas probablyof the truthswrittenof themoregospelin wayProphetof thinking,Joseph Smith,that prophetsent to waspreparethe

P. O. BOX 2009 - ZIP 83401 than any other man since the days of the way for his coming by being the

the Prophet Joseph. I am sure that instrument in the hands of the Lord

it was pleasing to the Lord to see how to bring forth his great latterday work.

we sustained him here in our vote Now as I read the scriptures, I just today. can't comprehend how the marvelous

I think the theme that has distinthings that the ancient prophets deguished this conference in my thinking clared that God would accomplish in a Prophet?"been has could be accomand time Why "Why our dayARE YOU should prophet? have a aposwithout a prophet. And we then plished The

I think of the passage Brother Petersen tle Paul said the Lord had revealed quoted yesterday, where the Lord said the mystery of his will unto him. (SeeOVER 65? through the prophet Amos, "Surely the Eph. 1:9.) That is important. "That

A Special Service For LordrevealethGodhiswillsecretdo untonothing,his servantsbut he timesin thehedispensationmight gatherof togetherthe fulnessin oneof the prophets."(Amos 3:7.) What does all things in Christ, both which are

.."Our Older Friends that mean? It means that no honest in heaven, and which are on earth..

person believing in the holy scriptures (Eph. 1:10.) We are the only church

look truth eternal could to find to God's that has a program in the world NationalGranite Bank now provides earth a prophet without fulfill upon the declaration that at complete and withoutchecking account convenience cost to our friends 65 years of age its head, because we have no record revealed by the Lord to the apostle

size. limit to prophet. without a no Bank by movement the prophets whom he has raised upandessary—over. No minimum balance necthat he has ever had a church or a Paul, and we couldn't do it except for

we'll both postage the paymail, and of the words of the Then I think day. in our

ways. Tell your friends and relatives Savior as he stood overlooking Jeru- I think Peter time of the whenabout it. said: salem and talked to those to death had put who

"O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, thou that the Christ, and he told them, "And he killest the prophets, and stonest them [the Lord] shall send Jesus Christ,

CHECKING wouldwhich areI havesent gatheredunto thee,thyhowchildrenoften whichWhom beforethe heavenswas preachedmust receiveunto untilyou:

her gathereth as together, even of a hen restitution of all things, the times wings, ACCOUNTS chickens her under and the ye which hath God mouth spoken by not! of all his since holy prophets the worldWITHOUT CHARGE would"Behold, (Acts 3:2021.) your house is left unto you began."could How

desolate. there be a restitution of all things un-

"For I say unto you, Ye shall not less there was a prophet to receive what see me henceforth, till ye shall say, the holy prophets would bring? We

Blessed is he that fulfilled cometh that in the name testify that has beenSiran [Kba of the Lord."(Matt. 23:3739.) the restoration through of the

NATIONAL BANK And when one comes in the name of I think of the words of Malachigospel.when

2265 HIGHLAND DRIVE the Lord, that person can be none he said:

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84106 PHONE 4862101 HILL "... I will send you Elijah the preached on that particular passage of CUMORAH

prophet before the coming of the great scripture one night. At the close ofand dreadful day of the Lord: the meeting I stood at the door, and AIR TOUR

"And he shall turn the heart of the a man came up and introduced himCumorah Pageant fathers to the children, and the heart self as a minister of the gospel. He New York City

of the children to their fathers, lest said, "You don't expect us to believe Washington, D.C.

I come and smite the earth with a that the Mormon church is that kingJULY 25 DEPARTURE curse."(Mai. 4:5-6.) dom, do you?"And I said, "Yes, sir.

What consequences, were it not for Why not?"He said, "It couldn't be."

the coming of Elijah? And to whom I said, "Why couldn't it?""Well,"he PACIFIC

would he come save there was a prophsaid, "we can't have a kingdom without of Lord's king, theet a king, so don't here a have and head we NORTHWEST

I said, Elijah a has that haven't kingdom."work? "Oh,"come we Weat testifythe B.C. Victoria,

dishis of friend, keys didn't delivered far the read quite you "myand B.C. Vancouver,

pensation. enough. You just read the seventh Lake Louise

I think of the words of the Lord chapter of Daniel and you will see & through Isaiah. He said: where Daniel saw one like the Son of Cardston, Idaho Falls

"Forasmuch as this people draw near Man coming in the clouds of heaven, and Logan Temples me with their mouth, and with their and unto him was given the kingdom JULY 20 DEPARTURE lips do honour me, but have removed that all other kingdoms, powers, and their heart far from me, and their fear dominions under the whole heavens toward me is taught by the precept of should serve him."(See Dan. 7:1314.) ie 6-70 Murdock Travel Inc.

men. Then I said to this minister, "My 14 S. Main St.

"Therefore, behold, I will proceed friend, tell me, how can the kingdom > Salt Lake City, Utah to do a marvellous work among this be given to him when he comes in the 3283161 Phone if there kingmarvellouspeople, of heaven, a even work and clouds is no ML J Please send me the is for their wise thea wonder: for him? what wisdom of That dom prepared on: brochure

men shall perish, and the understandthis church is, the preparation, the Hili Cumorah all of of thingsing spoken by their prudent men shall be hid."restitution the AirPacificTourNorthwest

(Isa. prophets."the 29:1314.) holy mouth of all Then

I think this church is the marvelous I said, "Probably you would like to Name work and a wonder that Isaiah saw, know what is going to become of that Address and how could it be unless there was kingdom, and if you will read just a City State Zip..

a prophet unto whom the Lord could little further in that seventh chapter, reveal his will? "Surely,"as Amos said, you will see where Daniel said, 'But

"the Lord God will do nothing, but the saints of the most High shall take he revealeth his secret unto his servants the kingdom, and possess the kingdom the prophets."(Amos 3:7.) for ever.'"(Dan. 7:18.) And as if that

I think of the experience when were not quite long enough, Daniel Campers Get

Daniel was called to interpret adds, "even for ever and ever."

of the most the saintsNebuchadnezzar's rememdream; you Now high God Mealtime Break

this conference, attending forgothave been hadber how Nebuchadnezzar ten the dream, and he called in the and to you there is the promise that soothsayers and the wise men and the this kingdom will be given to you if astrologers, and none of them could you make yourselves worthy of it.

give him the dream. He sent for the Therefore, I say to you that there is

man Daniel. And Daniel came and no other thing you can do in this

he said, "... there is a God in heaven world that will bring you greater eterthat revealeth secrets, and maketh nal happiness than to help to roll this

known to the king Nebuchadnezzar majestic work on, this marvelous work what shall be in the latter days. Thy and a wonder, until it shall fill the

dream, and the visions of thy head whole earth.

upon thy bed, are these."(Dan. 2:28.) Now I could go on for an hour tellThen he told them about the rise and ing you other things that the God of Now you can carry less and spend less

delicious enjoy time cooking—yet morefall of this of the until kingdoms world that do decreed has he would heaven

before! than ever meals latterthe days, the of couldn't in our day, when do them God and he by PermaPak FOODS New CAMPLITE

I set aheaven that of so would kingdom God, up without and a prophet as dishes available such gourmet make should never be destroyed nor given stand here to bear you my witness that Beef Stroganoff, Chicken & Rice, Mounto another people, but instead it would this church is led and has been led by tain Stew... delicious, complete meals

bag. waterproof four in a single, like of all a stonebe I sustain prophets. living cut out with the moun-

, Trail Lunches, my forBreakfasts, Lunchestain seer, without reveroll heart our hands would and and new prophet, Dinners.

forth until it would become as a great lator, and his counselors; I pray God

mountain and fill the whole earth. to bless them, and to bless the saints SendKits, Foodfor FreeStorageCatalogs—CampingPlans. Foods, Survival I ask you—why a prophet? How of Zion the world over, that they may

could of the set of their great heritage worthy heaven God up a be to be Please send free Camplite catalogs to:

like that of this awork without latterday great prophet a part movethrough whom he could work and rement, with God at its head and his Name veal his mind and will? prophets to direct it. I ask this prayer, Address

Incidentally, when I was president and pray God to bless you all, in the City of the Southern States Mission, one of name of the Lord Jesus Christ. State Z 'P

I IE 6/7C our missionaries down in Florida Amen. O

CAMDIK qUE # 40 EAST 2430 SOUTH, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84115

Era, June 1970 109 Prayer for Peace A President Joseph Fielding Smith

Brethren and sisters, I think this has fore men, that they may see your good In these troublesome and difficult been a wonderful day, and we have works, and glorify your Father which times, I pray that all men may be heard a great deal that is of profit to is in heaven."(Matt. 5:16.) guided by that light which lighteth

us if we will only treasure it. I leave my blessing with you and every man who cometh into the world,

We come now to the closing momy assurance that God is with his and that they may gain thereby the ments of another great general conpeople, and that the work in which we wisdom to solve the problems which ference of the Church. are engaged shall triumph and roll beset mankind.

We came together to sustain a new forth until the eternal purposes of the I beseech a gracious Father to pour

First Presidency and to receive counsel Lord are fulfilled. And I pray that the out his blessings upon all men, upon

and direction from the Lord through blessings of heaven may be and abide the young and old, upon those who his servants the prophets. with us and all men. have cause to mourn, upon the hungry

We assembled to partake of the good O that the heavens might pour down and needy, upon those who are enthings of the Spirit, to feel that influrighteousness and truth upon all the trapped in unfortunate circumstances ence which comes only from the Lord, world! and unwholesome environments, and

and to be built up in faith and in O that all men everywhere might upon all who need aid, and help, and testimony. have a listening ear, and that they succor, and wisdom, and all those good

We came to worship the Lord, to might heed the words of truth and and great things that only he can give.

affirm our love for him and our devolight which come from the Lord's Along with all of you, I have love tion to his cause, and we came servants! and concern and compassion for our

desiring in our hearts to keep the comthat the Lord's purposes among Father's children in all the earth, and mandment which says: "Thou shalt all people in every nation might speedpray that their conditions may be

love the Lord thy God with all thy ily be fulfilled! bettered both temporally and spiritualheart, with all thy might, mind, and 1 pray for the members of the ly; I pray that they may come unto

strength; and in the name of Jesus Church, who are the saints of the Most Christ, and learn of him, and take his

Christ thou shalt serve him."(D&C High, that they may be strengthened yoke upon them, that they may find

59:5.) in their faith, and that desires for rest to their souls, for his yoke is easy

is light. I feel in their increase of the the conhis burden purposes that righteousness and may

fulfilled. areference out they Latterday that the I pray have been hearts, and that Saints and may work We

now ready to go our several ways with their salvation with fear and trembling all who will join with them in keeping a renewed dedication to the upbuilding before the Lord. the commandments of the Father of us

of our Father's work, and with a de- I pray for the good and the upright all may so live as to gain peace in this termination to use our strength and among all people, that they may be led life and eternal life in the world to influence to bless all his children. to seek truth, to sustain every true come—all of which I ask in humility

Let us now heed the counsel of him principle, and to further the cause of and in thanksgiving, and in the name who said: "Let your light so shine befreedom and justice. of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. O

Prayer Let prayer flow from the desires of a broken heart and contrite spirit, By MaryLynn Hansgen

While the dialogue communicates a blaze of warm, mellowing love And the glory of purifying intelligence.

Members holding the Melchizedek Priesthood

Elders 233,108 Statistical Report Seventies 23,204 1969 High Priests 78,973 The First Presidency has issued the following statistical Total Melchizedek Priesthood 335,285 report concerning the membership of the Church at the end of the year 1969: Grand total Aaronic and Melchizedek

Stakes 496 Priesthood 694,073 (An increase of 33,183 during the year)

Wards 3,910 Independent branches in stakes 682 Auxiliary organizations

Relief Society (membership) 325,042

Total wards and independent branches Deseret Sunday School Union (average in stakes 4,592 attendance) 889,778

YMMIA (enrollment) 292,891 Mission branches 2,016 YWMIA (enrollment) 366,749

Fulltime missions 88 Primary (children enrollment) 464,100

Church Membership Welfare Plan

Stakes 2,344,635 Persons assisted during the year 96,429

Missions 462,821 Number placed in remunerative employment 8,814

Mandays of work donated to welfare plan 202,637

Total 2,807,456 Unitdays of equipment use donated 7,501

Church growth during 1969 Genealogical Society

Children blessed in stakes and missions 62,113 Names cleared for temple ordinances 1,423,502

Children of record baptized in stakes (Genealogical records microfilmed in 15 countries during and missions 54,606 the year brought the total to 208,419 onehundred-foot rolls

Converts baptized in stakes and missions 70,010 of microfilm for use of the Church, which is the equivalent of over 3,200,000 printed volumes of 300 pages each.)

Social statistics (based on 1969 data from stakes)

Birthrate per thousand 28.18 Temples

Number of persons married per thousand 16.67 Ordinances performed in the 13 operating temples:

Death rate per thousand 5.04 For the living 55,206

For the dead 7,958,003 Members holding the Aaronic Priesthood

Deacons 128,614 Total ordinances 8,013,209

Teachers 91,603 Priests 138,571 Church School System

Cumulative enrollments in Church schools,

Total Aaronic Priesthood 358,788 including institutes and seminaries 193,155

Era, June 1970 111 WEDDING INVITATIONS & ACCESSORIES

FIRST * 100 FIRST FIRST TOO W $19.75 $7.75MERCOGRAPH$5 7Rmercotype ENGRAVED—engraved 100—Genuine steel die finest plain on Printed or paneled (thermography) Raised letters

vellum wedding papers in sharp, beautiful and distinctive and a Engraving plate sent with your clean new type faces. sincere value at this price. order. 15day delivery.

NEW! Art rendering of all L.D.S. The Church Moves On

Temples for your wedding stationery

Over 60 styles from which to choose March 1970 including all the elegant vellums and finest parchments in silver jj The appointment of Don L. Gray

gray and beautiful pastels. Also as assistant director of Mormon relainformals, enclosures, thank you tions, Boy Scouts of America, was

notes, at home cards, napkins, announced. He will assist Director Folkphoto albums, L.D.S. wedding man D. Brown in directing relationships

books, and many accessories. between the Church and the scouting

councils.

SATISFACTION BE PROMPTIY Will ORQERGUARANTEED WITH COMPLETEOR REFUNDED.YOUR CONFIDENCE.MONEY AND CHEERFULLY

in Nevada, ALLTISSUEDWEDDINGAND INSERTEDINVITATIONSINTO INSIDEAND ANNOUNCEMENTSENVELOPES BS Las Vegas South Stake the 509th stake now functioning, was

FREE Gifts with every order organized by Elder Howard W. Hunter

of the Council of the Twelve. Erval L.

Bindrup president, sustained was as FREE CATALOG

L. with Alden William Stewart and

and FREE Calvert as counselors. J.

Etiquette Wheel or (50<f. if airmail reApril 1970

quested) credited on your order. The sixtyfourth annual conference

of the Primary Association began this

M E R C U R Y Name morning on Temple Square. A new

PUBLISHING CO. Address explained.program, to Trailbegin Builderin September,and Lihomawas 139 EAST 3900 SOUTH

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84107 City group names will be eliminated, as well as class names and bandlos. The

present Skylets (the fourand fiveyear- olds in Sunbeam and Star classes) will be called Stars. The Pilots (the six-,

seven-, and eightyear-olds in the CTR

Pilots, Right Way Pilots, and Top Pilots classes) will be regrouped and the class names dropped. The sixand

sevenyear-olds will be in the CTR program. Eightand nineyear-old boys

and girls will have the new name of

Targeteers. Tenyear-old girls will be

.... fl.- in the Merrie Miss group. Elevenyear-

old girls will continue as Merrihands this 197071, but thereafter att.$ake.!,, UtftK—rMtrf**-*""**ftfbtntt im during

group will be in the Merrie Miss program. Blazer is the name for the tenand elevenyear-old boys.

President Spencer W. Kimball of the

Council of the Twelve dedicated the restored Brigham Young Forest Farm

Home, 722 Ashton Avenue, in southeastern Salt Lake City. President Joseph

Fielding Smith was one of the speakers at the services.

,(o k,fOC')l.>

Commemorating the 150th anniversary of the First Vision, the Mormon

Youth Symphony Orchestra and Chorus presented a concert in the Tabernacle, which was also seen by closed circuit television in 11 other locations. The

300voice chorus and 90 musicians were superb in the premiere perfor112 mance of James Prigrnore's cantata, L. Fluckiger and Max C. Robinson, Star Women's Mutual Improvement Associa-

"Palmyra: Spring of 1820."Elder Mark Valley (Wyoming) Stake; President Paul tion were announced.

E. Petersen of the Council of the Twelve K. Nielson and counselors Charles H. Announced were the appointments of

served as narrator. Gurr and Gail D. Van Tassell, Beaver D. Arthur Haycock as secretary to

The Primary Association general (Utah) Stake. President Joseph Fielding Smith; Franconference closed this afternoon. cis M. Gibbons as assistant to Elder

The appointment of Robert L. Joseph Anderson, secretary to the First

EJ An earlymorning agricultural and Backman as a Regional Representative Presidency; James A. Paramore as

Church welfare meeting convened in the of the Twelve was announced. executive secretary to the Council of

Assembly Hall. The appointments of Miss Elaine the Twelve; and Frank M. Watson as

With President Joseph Fielding Smith Michaelis and Mrs. Joleen G. Meredith assistant secretary to the Council of

presiding, the 104th Annual General to the general board of the Young the Twelve.

Conference of the Church began at 10:00 this morning in the Tabernacle.

An estimated 150,000 bearers of the priesthood gathered in the Tabernacle,

Assembly Hall, and 633 other locations in the United States and Canada for the priesthood session of the conference this evening.

from Spoken Word"Temof Glen L. appointment Rudd The

ple Square, presented over KSL of Representative a Regionalas Broadcasting the Columbia the The "Theand

Council of the Twelve was announced. System March 29, 1970. 1970. SpokenWord

EJ General sessions of conference continued on this Sabbath day.

Some 6,500 attended the concludThose we have loved... and lost awhile

ing session of the Deseret Sunday

School Union conference this evening By Richard L. Evans

in Earlier sessions Tabernacle. Light"in the is a line Kindly to "Lead, us gently from that moves

Saltthe and SunPalace on Saturday that Therea subject is to all of concern: with the "And us of some

day were for stake superintendencies morn those angel faces smile; Which we have loved long since,

and Junior Sunday School cordinators. and lost awhile!"1 It is given to all of us, sometime, to ponder the

love of life, the love of lovedK3 In this morning's general conferlength of life, the purpose of life—theence session in the Tabernacle, the ones—the loss of loved ones. We come alone; we leave alone. We

first solemn assembly held since April leave our loved ones—or they leave us. Life moves one way. We can't

1951, President Joseph Fielding Smith rerun it. "No man,"said Cicero, "can be ignorant that he must die,

was sustained as the President of the nor be sure that he may not this very day."2 "So Nature deals with

Church. Also sustained were the counus,"Longfellow, wrote takes playthings "and one, away Our one by

inselors First Presidency, the the to rest."by Leads us and all of us there so the hand with is deep 3 And of the Twelve,Council and the Patriarch to the Church. Other authorities searching of the soul. And in this context comes the question of the

and officers of the Church were then reality of resurrection, and of all that pertains to everlasting life. Ansustained in the usual manner. swering the question with another question, Pascal said: "Which is

Elder Boyd K. Packer was sustained more difficult, to be born, or to rise again?"4 As the record reads, the

as a new member of the Council of resurrected Christ of others, in the "being was company seen of themthe Twelve. Elders Anderson, Joseph

or days,"5 witnesses. to five hundred two with one or more And B. Haight, WilliamDavid H. Benforty and

nett were sustained as new Assistants we have no reason to quarrel with the witness of the record, nor with to the Twelve. the reality of everlasting life. If a man die, he shall rise again. And to

Total Church membership, as of you who have lost loved ones, we would witness that He who gave

December 31, 1969, was announced us life here has given us life also hereafter. "Once more the Heavenly

today as 2,807,456. Power Makes all things new...."6 "And with the morn those angel

Elder Boyd K. Packer was ordained faces smile; Which we have loved long since, and lost awhile!""Bean apostle at the weekly meeting in lievest thou this?... Yea, Lord: I believe...."7 I know that my

the Salt Lake Temple. At the same Redeemer lives.

time, Elders Joseph Anderson, David

"Lead, Kindly Light.'Henry 'John Newman, B. Haight, William H. and Bennett were 2 c. 78 B.C. Cicero, De senectute,set to Assistants apart as the Council 3 Longfellow, "Nature."

of the Twelve. 4 Blaise Pascal, Pensees, xxiv.

New stake presidencies: President 5Acts'Tennyson,1:3. "Early Spring."

Francis D. Child and counselors Norville 7]ohn 11:2627.

Era, June 1970 113 Apache Tribe Elected Chairman TheLDS Scene President Fred Benashley of the Ft. Apache Branch,

Southwest Indian Mission, recently was elected tribal chairman of the 6,000member Whitemountain Apache nation. He will oversee

the activities of the millionacre Apache reservation.

Mayor of Phoenix Brother John L. Driggs

of the Phoenix (Arizona) Sixteenth Ward has been elected mayor of Phoenix.

Mormon Youth Symphony and Chorus Perform in First Vision Concert

A commemorative concert honoring the 150th baritone, as soloist. The chorus numbers about 300, the

anniversary of the Prophet Joseph Smith's first vision symphony about 100. The featured number of the

was a special feature of the April general conference. concert was the premiere performance of a sacred

Participating were the Mormon Youth Symphony cantata by James M. Prigmore, young Latterday Saint

and Chorus, with Elder Mark E. Petersen as narrator, composer. Titled "Palmyra: Spring of 1820,"the

and Robert Peterson, wellknown Latterday Saint cantata was commissioned by the First Presidency.

iiiiii "The Spoken Word"from Gw* The Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Spoken BroadcastingSystem March 22, 1970. 1970. Word

?9 Faith is not a theory1>1%

By Richard L. Evans

is a search, with problems; disappointments

Life often; an effort always, and with unanswered

.questions for us all—but with so much to make

it worth all the effort: so much unknown to search,

to learn; so much undone, so much to do, so much

Regional Representatives to be; of of order, so much purpose—so apparent—CouncilOf of the Twelve of of of endless miracles: meaning and the miracle

The First Presidency has appointed two new Regional spring's returning, the miracle of each day's dawnRepresentatives of the Council of the Twelve:

ing, the miracle of birth, of life, of loved ones—

Glen L. Rudd, regional coordinator of the bishop's and so much reason for faith. As the eminent

storehouse at Welfare Square, and Robert Backman, a physician, Sir William Osier, said: "Nothing is more

member of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association wonderful than faith."Indeed, without it the world

general board. Both men were released in wouldn't run. "All the strength and force of man,"

July 1969 as mission presidents—Brother Rudd said James F. Clarke, "comes from his faith...."'

as president of the Florida Mission and Brother Backman Faith is not a theory but a proved and practical as president of the Northwestern States Mission. force, and an absolute essential. Without it life

Brother Rudd and his wife, Marva, are the parents wouldn't move forward. All men have more faith

of eight children. Brother Backman and his wife, than they sometimes suppose. Every time we plow

Virginia, are the parents of five children. and plant we show the faith we have—faith that

summer will follow spring, faith that we shall have our harvest. Whenever we work, or learn, or invest,

or plan for any future purpose, we show the faith we have. Faith is the great moving force of repentance, of progress, of improvement. It is by faith that

we build for the future. And in the footsteps of the

Master of mankind, it is by faith that we can face the problems, the disappointments, the unanswered questions of life, a faith from out of which there comes a certainty of assurance that loved ones will be there, and waiting for us, in an everlastingness of life. And in discouragement, with disappointments,

with problems, we would well remember the miracle of life, the precious everlastingness of loved ones, and peace and purpose, as spring returns and brings unnumbered reasons for our faith:

Professional Accomplishments "For like a child, sent with a fluttering light

President Gordon C. Crandall, president of the To feel his way along a gusty night,

Long Island (New York) Stake, has been elected treasurer Man walks the world. Again, and yet again,

of UniRoyal, a worldwide rubber products company. The lamp shall be by fits of passion slain;

Brother James B. Jacobsen, high councilor in the But shall not He who sent him from the door

New Jersey Stake, has been appointed senior Relight the lamp once more, and yet once more?"2

vicepresident of Prudential Insurance Company 2'lamesFarid udDinF. ClarkAttar,(American"Mantikut-Tair"Unitarian Clergyman,(Fitzgerald, 1810-1):tr.).of America.

Era, June 1970 115 Save $30.00 Research

Review On & Genealogy WhatAbout Attendance

Starter Set Schreyer's Inc. has a rare value at NonChurch Colleges?

for those ready to begin their By Dr. Elliott Landau

genealogical research. First, your Contributing Editor

choice of a fully reconditioned long carriage Royal or RemingWhat happens if your child does bles at the University of California at ton office manual typewriter, not go to a Church school? What inBerkeley, at Massachusetts Institute of

fluences might the nonChurch world Technology, at Columbia and Cornell that will have you turning out have upon the faith and testimonies universities (to name a few) are beneat, easy to read submission of Latterday Saint youth exposed to lieved to be in large measure due to forms. Secondly, a package consecular ideas? the abyss that has widened between

professors to faceless masses about these worry who lecture Many parents castudents of humanity the enrollment and the sisting of forms and instruction problems, and with who manuals that will have you on pacity of the Church institutions of strain in vain for some feeling of huyour way in no time. Hurry higher education almost at the saturamanity from that instructor. Some

schools, despairing at schools point, the seemingly and other Church I though, offer good only while tion is impossible hordes of rapidly, students the question growing bound on camstocks last! to become more significant for Latterpus, have been using closedcircuit TV

day Saint parents everywhere. to bring one instructor "closer"to stu-

r For 18 years one couple planned dents by placing the students before and dreamed that one day their child the tube in smaller groups.

would leave their home in Ohio to Probably nowhere in the world, exenter the largest churchsupported cept in Utah and a few communities school in America—Brigham Young in other western states, do Latterday

University. And then the letter came Saint youngsters comprise anything but

ROYAL with palm tubulator, telling these aspiring parents and their a minority of the elementary, high fully reconditioned child that their church university was school, or junior high population. In

bursting at the seams and there was general, in those school years of a simply no more room. child it may be assumed that faithful

t With almost 24,000 students in atparents tend to rear children who are tendance, with a student body that likewise strong Church members. The

nearly exceeds the size of the city that significance of the auxiliaries is vital to houses it, with a population growth this propagation of the faith. Primary

that by percentage exceeds the growth and MIA organizations in the farthestREMINGTON STANDARD, of any other American denomination flung stakes of Zion exert a powerful with features found on $270 and where the birthrate of Latterday influence. Thus, with this kind of back-

k machines Saint families tops that of any other ground information, the statistics conreligious group in the nation, BYU cerning the positive influence of LDS its policy the that of opening of religion institutes are quite revealing. Genealogy finds

all to are doors of members In 1967, Church Church who members 38% qualified presents apply an almost and marriedJ'throughout the world Materials Kit nightmarish admissions policy. This temple. Obviously this very low infigurethe

The "How Book for Genealogists"university now faces precisely the probreflects the inaccessibility of temples

Records Submission Manual lem secular universities have faced in to thousands of members. In 1965,

100 family group sheets the last decade. And so the Church LDS youth who went to colleges but

100 pedigree charts has had to seek alternatives to the did not attend institutes had a temple 2 dozen Individual Entry education of all of its members'chilmarriage rate of 50%. In 196566,

& Marriage Sheets dren in Church schools. It had done 84% of those who attended but did not

this by providing for institutes of regraduate from institutes were married

WHILE STOCKS LAST, ligion adjacent to every college, uniin the temple, whereas 95% of instiEITHER TYPEWRITER versity, and technical school campus tute graduates in 196566 married in that caters to a potentially large LDS the temple. In 1963, 93%, of the graduAND MATERIALS KIT population. There were, at the end of ates of Church schools married in the

June 1970, 225 institutes. temple.

of record temple marcor- often unrest been has Campus A 12month $ 31, riages, 1967, size through positively so related December the with of cam84 $114.50 in the student larger that indicated population. more and pus The BYU

Mail orders welcomed impersonal the school, the more a stakes 97% of the marriages were in computergiven number replaces the the temple. This, indeed, is eloquent

student's given name, the greater the testimony of the effectiveness of the

SCHREYER'S, possibility of trouble in the notso- Church school atmosphere. Even when

INC. cloistered retreats of academia. Trouwe consider that the college students

28 WEST 1ST SO. -328 9726

116 Era, June 1970 there chose to attend this school State University. Neither of the latter environment and its influence upon

with nearly a 100% LDS faculty, the two figures indicates particular referyouth in at least the first two years tradition of the "Y"deeply etched upon ence to attendance or nonattendance of college must not be overlooked. A

all of its superb facilities, religion at institutes of religion, though earlier great deal of student maladjustment classes, eight stakes in full operation, we indicated that in 196566, 95% of that accounts for a national college atmosphere—theand continual contactfigurewithis stillthe Churchimpresinstitutetemple. graduates married in the entiredropoutfour-yearrate of periodnearly occurs50% overand theis

sive though understandable. If your child does not attend a aggravated by the adjustment process,

And if the student doesn't go to a Church school, you may be reassured which must run its course in the first

Church school? by the figures just cited. If the collegetwo years of college.

The percentage of temple marriages bound youth will enroll in an institute, Latterday Saint youth today will of Latterday Saint students in nonparents are virtually guaranteed that have to test their faith in the crucible

Church schools (specifically Utah the end result will be a youngster of the hostile, cold, and dreary world.

State University and the University of strong in the gospel. It is interesting Education in the comfortable cocoon

Utah) for the same period was 91%, to note that in one survey, over 80% of a Church school may, in spite of its compared to a Churchwide temple of youngsters in Church institutes beultimate excellence, be a luxury that marriage record of 38%. lieved they could live in accordance your family may have to forgo. As

The chart below indicates what one with the standards of the Church Jesus the Christ said, "I pray not that would expect—that 97%, of BYU mar- "better"or "just as well"by attending thou shouldest take them out of the

riages are in the temple, as compared institute classes as if they were enworld, but that thou shouldest keep with 87% for LDS students at the rolled in a Church college. them from evil."The Church has proUniversity of Utah, and 95% for Utah Finally, the security of the home vided through its family home evening

and priesthood and auxiliary programs all that anyone needs to keep youth

Stake Temple Civil Total % Temple close to the principles of the gospel.

USU I, II 166 7 173 95 If a youngster has had this in his home,

U. of U. I, II 170 25 195 87 as well as the true love of his parents,

BYU, All Stakes 1,072 32 1,104 97 there seems to be no reason for him not to be able to survive the secular inMarriages: 12month record ending Dec. 31, 1967, adapted from Students o\ Zion by R. L. West. fluences of a nonChurch university. Q

NOW WE HAVE THREE

ALL CHURCH APPROVED!

CableNelson 1526 Everett Style 11 Everett Style 21

New lowest price. Ideal for Economy price. Ideal for Medium price. Ideal for

cultural hall or small inmedium installations. Wallarge installation. Beautiful

stallations. Walnut finish. nut finish. oak finish.

Distributed by: Everett Piano Company—South Haven, Michigan

For information write: Daynes Music Company—145 S. State—Salt Lake City, Utah Utah's pioneer music store—established by John Daynes in 1862

For prices, write to Gordon Burt Affleck, Managing Director Church Procurement, 79 So. State, Salt Lake City, Utah

V '/.: Sara M.Tanner v - N >

Dedication to Home, tyamily, Church By Eleanor Knowles Editorial Associate

"She rose to his requirements, for Latterday Saint families enmaking and supporting her husband dropped the playthings of her life, gaged in an irrigation project for in his Church, civic, govern to take the honorable role of woman the Canadian government. She atment, and professional assignments.

and of wife...."(John L. Clarke, tended schools in Magrath, Hill Through the next few years, as they

president of Ricks College. Spring, and Calgary, and was were struggling to establish their

As the young schoolteacher apgraduated from the Teacher's Norhome and complete his education, proached her first teaching assignmal Training College in Calgary. they were blessed with five lovely

ment, at the little schoolhouse in At the Hill Spring school, Sara daughters—Ruth, Isabelle, Zola.

Hill Spring, Alberta, Canada, little met tall, handsome Nathan Eldon Beth, and Helen. (They are all

did she realize that within a few Tanner, the school's new principal married now, and the Tanners have months the entire course of her and teacher of the high school 26 grandchildren and one greatlife would change, and that within classes. They fell in love, and on a grandchild. )

her lifetime, at the side of her cold, snowy day in December 1919, Recently Ricks College in Rexhusband, she would travel throughthey were married. ( Their marriage burg, Idaho, honored Sister Tanner

out the world, meeting royalty, was later solemnized in the Alberta as their woman of the year. The

important government officials, and Temple, following the dedication citation accompanying the award persons of all races and creeds. services for that temple in August included the words of President

Sara Isabelle Merrill had spent 1923.) John L. Clarke, quoted earlier, and

all but the first few months of her With marriage, thoughts of a the following tribute, which well life in Canada (she was born in fulltime career outside the home describes Sara Tanner's devotion to

Lehi, Utah), where her father had left Sara Tanner's mind, and she her home and family:

been called to help construct homes turned her energies toward home- "Early in life you began to de118 M Tbday Family

--7'fpBppi

vclop the attributes of an ideal smoothly. His responsibilities took stake auxiliary organizations. When

woman. Through the enjoyment of him to Europe, the West Indies, President Tanner was president of

cultural activities such as arts, Mexico, throughout the provinces the West European Mission, Sister literature, history, music, and of Canada, and to other parts of Tanner was appointed as a special drama, you have enhanced your the world, and whenever possible, representative of the YWMIA genlife. You have portrayed the esshe accompanied him. A thrilling eral board in Europe, to supervise

sence of true motherhood in your experience of those days was being MIA work there—the first person in

domestic interests, values, and invited to dine with King George YWMIA history to hold such an powerful dedication to your home VI and Queen Elizabeth of Engoffice. In 1964 she and President

and children."It also noted that land. They have also dined with Tanner were honored by the MIA

she has "exemplified love of God Queen Elizabeth II, Prince Philip, with the honorary Golden Gleaner through service as a teacher in the and other notables. and Master M Man awards.

public schools, in many of the Wherever they have lived, Sister When President Tanner was

Church organizations, and as a Tanner has been active in the called to fulltime service in the leader in many of the auxiliary orChurch. Her early training and exChurch as an Assistant to the Counganizations."perience as a teacher has been put cil of the Twelve in 1960, this

As President Tanner rose in to good use as she has taught in meant leaving their beloved Canaprominence in the Alberta govthe Primary, Sunday School, YWdian home as well as their family ernment as a legislator and then a MIA, and Relief Society. She has (all of their daughters have made

cabinet official, his beloved "Sally"also magnified her executive abilitheir homes in Canada ). However,

was beside him, supporting him ties as a ward YWMIA and Relief without looking back and with no and seeing that their home ran Society president and counselor in regrets, they accepted the call of

Era, June 1970 119 FOOD STORAGE SPECIALS INSTANT MASHED POTATOES the First Presidency and moved to (30oz. tin (60 servings) $,80 Salt Lake City, where they estabINSTANT NONFAT MILK lished a new home. Today their

#12 tin (25 qts.) $3.40 home is a spacious apartment home

DEHYDRATED VEGETABLE SOUP with a spectacular view of Salt (Blend) Over 100 servings $3.85 Lake Valley and the surrounding

FREEZEDRIED mountains. Upon entering the

is MIXED VEGETABLES #2% tin $1.50 apartment, one's first impression

LIGHT CHUNK TUNA of warmth achieved through underCase of 24 VUoi. tins $4.95 stated simplicity, with a wide expanse of white carpet and accents

of gold and red. A grand piano YEAR'S SUPPLY

COMPUTE FOOD PACKAGE stands in a prominent place in the living room (Sister Tanner enjoys

Nutritionally Tasty Balanced Life playing it on occasion), and art Variety LongStorage

To visit us when you're (over 75 different foods) objects acquired in their many travels around the world are in Salt Lake City. Shop TOTAL PRICE only $329.50 prominently displayed.

DESERET SUPPLY FROM ORDER NOW life as she has Although a busy our alwaysnew collec- P.O. Box 1111, Tanner, President she travels with Redlands, California 92373

tions of family fashions supports many civic activities in the or from your DESERET SUPPLY dealer. community, and attends Relief Soand furnishings for your REDLANDS, CALIFORNIA ciety and other Church functions,

418 North 5th Street {714) 7922800 Sister Tanner still enjoys cooking home. Convenient paySACRAMENTO, CALIFORNIA for her husband ("He is easy to

ment terms arranged. 3530 55th Street (916) 4520164 please—his tastes are very simple,'

3445 Wemberiey Dr. (916) 4877007

she claims).

Delivery in our wide DENVER, COLORADO One of her favorite recipes is for 1146 South Kalamath (303) 7443649 delivery area. datebran muffins. "The batter will

BOISE, IDAHO keep in the refrigerator for up to a 4220 South 5-Mile Road (208) 3759597 month,"she notes, "so we can have

OREM, UTAH hot muffins often."

757 North Main Street (801 ) 3752258

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Sara Tanner's DateBran Muffins wm&m 1837 Hollywood Ave., (801) 4875276

State and Broadway, ask about distributorship opportunities 61 cupspoundbranchoppedcerealdates

Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 2 cups boiling water 1 cup butter SUPPLY Blvd., DESERET CO. Washington 2457 1 buttermilk quart

1 P.O. 111 Box flour 5 cups Utah 84401 Ogden,

Calif. Redlands, salt 1 teaspoon

92373 2 cups sugar 5 teaspoons soda 5 eggs

Pour boiling water over bran cereal

FEATURING siftand drydatesingredientsand let stand.together,Creamand butter;add to

butter alternately with buttermilk. Stir

in brandate mixture. Bake in greased

muffin pans in 400degree oven 15 minutes. (Makes about 6 dozen muf

fins.) -* President and Sister Tanner obELECTRIC MILLS FLOUR "QUAKER CITY"HAND BREAD MIXER served their fiftieth wedding anniFree descriptive literature on request GRINDER

Handling a complete line of dry home storage commodities, with emphasis versary in December 1969 with a for seed sprouting on lentils) write thrilling twoweek vacation in Ha- (alfalfa—Mung beans—soybeans—for lists pricing of these commodities and for pricings on books and

waii with 38 members of their booklets relating to storagenutrition—survival—cooking—baking

family.

Sterling Ji. Jielson & Stwns, Jnc.

525 South 4th West P.O. Box 1296

Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 120

The good old "About two years ago my husband asked me how I would like S9III! mm MmS I WLS m

to spend our golden wedding anniversary,"she recalls. "Since we hadn't had a wedding reception, he Remember?

wondered if perhaps we should have one now. 'Do you know what

I'd really like to do?'I asked him.

I'd like to go with all our family to

Hawaii.'He immediately began

making plans, and on December 17 we all met in Seattle and flew to

Honolulu."Since the Church College of Hawaii was in recess for the Christmas holiday vacation, the Tanner family stayed at the CCH dormitories, ate in the cafeteria, and used many of the recreational facilities there. On their anniversary date,

December 20, they enjoyed the show at the Polynesian Cultural

Center. "This was one trip in which the realization was truly better than Air Condition Electrically Now the expectation,"she says.

In the Ricks College citation, the and Beat the Heat words "high qualities of womanliness"and "inspiration to husDog days headed your way again? Why

band"stand out prominently. Sister sweat out another summer without air conTanner says that one of the greatest ditioning?

influences in her life is her belief Prices of electric room air conditioners are in the power of grayer. "I got a now much less than they were 10 years ago.

testimony of prayer early in my Get yours now before the summer rush—

life,"she says. "I remember vividly

more models to choose from.my grandmother's telling how she

taken for herwas by mother a Utah Power & Light Companywalk in a forest and taught the was key of prayer and was told to be Every Year Electricity Does More for You sure to pray always."

Although she has many interests,

Sara Tanner subordinates everything to her devotion to and love An Improvement Era publication for her husband and family. "At

present my only Church duty is NOW AVAILABLE in response to many requestsbeing a wife to the second counselor a reissue of one of the great books of the Church:

in the First Presidency,"she says twelfth edition ot proudly, "and desire only my is to GOSPELbe the best wife to him."I can by President Heber J. Grant STANDARDS

Sara Merrill Tanner has truly Order from taken upon herself the role of woman and wife and made it honThe orable. O 79S. State Salt LakeCity,Utah84111

Price is only 54.95 And at book dealers everywhere. postpaid

Era, June 1970 121 YOUR FUTURE IN ZION.

Situated only 50 minutes from Temple Square in Salt a halfhour City, and from Lake BrigSALT LAKE in smogfree, is a Provo, University Young ham of for you. waiting land parcel beautiful As a CITY Buffs investas site or an attractive future home

ment,, a 5-acre parcel high overlooking the Salt Lake Valley is an opportunity you can and not overlook. Rebuffs

$1500.00 per acre in 5-acre parcels

10% DOWN WITH 10 YEARS TO PAY

'This is ThE PIace"

About Inspired Version Telephone (801) 3283055 or (801) 3281872 or use this convenient coupon.

I read with interest Dr. Truman G. Madof report Dr. Robert Matthews'J. INVESTORS UNITED CORPORATION sen's as to the research of the 1944 accuracy

Eighteenth 860 Avenue of Edition Corrected Inspired the New

Salt Lake City, Utah 84103 of Version the Bible [March]. no While

one would gainsay the importance of

Please rush me complete information regarding the 5-acre parcels available being able to verify the authenticity of in the Salt Lake Valley, as advertised in the IMPROVEMENT ERA. the Inspired Version, I fail to see how

the research has done this.

NAME: fully1. shownResearchthat hasthe apparently1944 editionsuccessis true

to the Bernhisel copy of the original

ADDRESS: manuscriptChurch. We heldmust byassumethe thatReorganizedBernhisel

did copy the actual original of Joseph

CITY: STATE: ZIP: Smith's manuscript and that this original

had not been altered.

2. Joseph Smith 1 in the Pearl of

Great Price is the Prophet's translation

You'll always SATISFY that CRAVING for REAL HONESTto-GOODNESS ICE of Matthew 24 and the last verse of

CREAM whenever you "TREAT"yourself to Matthew 23. This is accepted as part of

the canon of scripture by the Church. We

must assume that this chapter is true to

DISTINCTIVE the3. translationComparisonmadeof Josephby JosephSmithSmith.I with

the corresponding passage in the 194-1 edition of the Inspired Version revealsOtfteBcjtoVe yceUKGMt numerous differences in punctuation, word spellings, and pronoun usage. There

Famous for FANTASTIC Ice Cream Creations theare alsootherseveralthat dophrasesnot appearin onein versionthe comor 36 Incomparable Flavors panion work. Which version of Matthew

Remember, your visit to SALT LAKE CITY be24 "true"are we copies.to accept? They cannot'both

is not complete until you visit Snelgroves 4. Under the law, if one exception is

AMERICA'S FINEST ICE CREAM STORES proved,it is possiblethen bytotheproveprinciplemanyofexceptions.precedent

850 East 21st South 222 East South Temple

OPEN 10 A.M. to MIDNIGHT CLOSED SUNDAYS

If Joseph Smith 1 is correct, then we and that his intention was to revise explanatory notes in his manuscript to must repudiate that chapter in the Inchanges that he had already made. certify that he was copying the originals.

spired Version, and all other chapters V. Clayton Sherman I have examined the originals, and there

in that volume are placed in a position Kalamazoo, Michigan is no mistake in the matter.

of doubt. Needless to say, the argument It must be understood, when speaking

can be reversed: if Joseph Smith 1 is the The author, Dr. Robert }. Matthews, of the original manuscript of the Inspired

less accurate version, then the authenresponds: Version, that it is to be spoken of in the

ticity of the rest of the Prophet's renderplural. There are three separate manuing of scripture as held by the Church is The whole area of textual criticism is scripts covering the same material for

placed in doubt. fascinating, although arduous and exparts of Genesis and two manuscripts for

My purpose is not to disprove the autremely complex, which makes a written Matthew ( including Matthew 24 ). Each

thenticity of the documents, but to exdiscussion of the matter rather difficult. is dated, and the later ones are a little

amine the logic of the position. I would In reply to the four points: more revised than the earlier.

truly like to be able to "turn to the In- 1. Dr. Bernhisel made his copy in the One value of the Bernhisel Manuscript

spired Revision with new confidence,"in spring of 1845 in Nauvoo. We have it is that it can be identified as being copied

Dr. Madsen's words, but do not feel it is by his own statement that Emma Smith from the latest revision of both the Old

possible at this time. Writings of the let him take the Prophet's Bible and and New Testament. Since the Bernhisel

Prophet's contemporaries indicate that handwritten notes for three months to Manuscript is dated May and June 1845,

Joseph Smith did not complete his work make a copy. Dr. Bernhisel has several it certifies as to the content of the original

manuscripts at that early date—which, it

should be observed, was 15 years before there was a Reorganized Church.

"The Spoken Word"from Tem- 2. Joseph Smith 1, in the present

is to the quite close Price, of Great Pearl ple Square, presented over KSL in latest the Prophet's revision found the The and Broadcasting Columbia it is not exact in every manuscript, but

April 5, 1970. System 1970. this If to detail. chapexamine one were SpokenWord

it Price as of Pearl the Great ter in was first published in 1851, he would find some other variations. This is partly due

representing a difto 1851 edition the "Life hath quicksands—life hath snares"that "original"; is, it represented ferent

earlier of rein stage manuscript an By Richard L Evans a is vision. partly Also, it due to human

1Thereof manyis a prayers!poignant,Lifemovinghath quicksandsline from Longfellow:life hath snares!""Oh thou child error in transcription and typesetting, but Young does3. notIt issignifydifficultan attemptto maketo conclusionsdeceive.

people often wonder why parents worry, why they counsel and on the basis of punctuation, word spellcaution, why they pray and plead, why parents become concerned. ings,originalandmanuscriptpronoun use.thereIn isthe almostProphet'sno

Confidence is an enviable attribute. Selfconfidence is a quality to be punctuation, and there are many miscultivated. But an innocent or unknowing overconfidence is sometimes spelled words and grammatically incorrect pronouns. Nearly all of the

difficult and dangerous to deal with. But remember this: Those who punctuation found in the Pearl of Great

have been over the road are better guides than those who haven't. Price and /or in the printed Inspired Veris the of editors, not the work and

of situation Prophet. the The same And parents have been over the road—or certainly some of it. They sionwork

know something of the critical points, of the youthful impulses; of the is true of the Book of Mormon and the

wise and unwise ties and attachments; of the unguarded times on which DoctrineThe differencesand Covenants.in certain phrases, allife sometimes forever turns. They have seen the road signs. They know though real, are still slight and do not

justify entire rejecting the work becausehow life sometimes breaks our bestlaid plans—and sometimes breaks of the variation of a few words. A situour hearts. They know the need for balance, for temperance, for faith. ation in reference is that found in verse 8

They also know the tragedies that sometimes come by seeking shortcuts, "andof JosephwhichSmithhate1, concerningone another."the words:The

by running the red lights, by cluttering a record that may keep us from interesting thing is that these words are

Version. in the King James They opportunities we might have had. Remember, young friends, imperfect found

the Prophet's are also in foundthough they may be, parents have a Godgiven responsibility—and revision of Matthew 24; but they are firstnot

experience, insight, inspiration, and a love for which there is no absofound in the Prophet's second revision of lute substitute from any source. They know that you can lose time, printingMatthew of24.the TheyInspiredare Versionnot in the(1867);first

get on a wrong road, quit school, and find yourselves in frustration they are found in the 1944 edition. They

and regret for the future. They know the pitfalls, the wrong turns, Price,are notandfoundare innotthein 1851the 1921Pearl (orof Greatpresthe importance of even some of the simplest, most harmlesslooking ent) edition of the Pearl of Great Price.

decisions. Be patient with parents. Respect them. Confide in them. Thisbeen kindan unintentionalof variation couldomissionhave ineasilythe

Love them. Listen to them. Be grateful for those who know enough, written manuscript by the mistake of

who care enough, who love enough, who pray and plead, and counsel theAnotherhand or phraseeye or ais copyist.found in verse 30

and caution, and who would do whatever they honestly could to help of Joseph Smith 1. It reads as follows:

you to the highest possibilities of life. Remember there is real reason revision"the loveofofMatthewmany."24ThesaysProphet'sthe lovefirstof

for the concern of others for us. "Oh thou child of many prayers! "men"; the second revision says "men";

Inspired the 1867 Version says "men"; Life hath quicksands—life hath snares!"the Inspired says 1944 Version "men"

'Longfellow, "Maidenhood."(Matt. 24:8); the 1851 Pearl of Great

Era, June 1970 123 HIDRY SOAP HANGER

Price says "many"; the 1921 Pearl of

Great Price says "many."The King James

Version does not have this verse, but a similar verse earlier in the chapter says "many"(Matt. 24:12). Incidentally, in

1838 a published version of the Prophet's revision of Matthew 24 said "the love of

Cupshaped disc presses into any bar of man."

hand soap—then soap hangs to magnet In answer to the question: "Which

COLORS version of Matthew 24 are we to accept?

white, pink, green, blue, yellow, black Theydealingcannotwith scripture,both be trueone shouldcopies,"lookin

Stops waste—ends soapdish mess for the basic intent and the general

$1.00 for one Hidry message more than for precise spellings,

$2.50 for threeHi-Dry's punctuation, and words. The examples

Wheat is tor man. Retain the valuable $7.20 for one dozen HiDry's cited above are rather innocuous, and alnutrients lost through other milling Special rates for fund raising though they do represent variations, they

methods. Use the wheat you now have hardly alter the general message of the

stored and save money while enjoying BELLISTON PRODUCTS, INC. chapter.

better tasting, more nutritious food. 1175 Dan Street Ogden, Utah 84404 The principle of precedent may be a

useful tool in the law, but it is contrary to the spirit of intent. By the same

Buy an principle it would be possible to "repudiProvide the fllfl ate"every book of scripture now held

All Grain Stone Grinding that raises funds sacredof the Doctrineby the andChurch.CovenantsManyhavesection.-,been

We supply everything you need to raise edited and altered since the original

Flour Mill funds with a crowdpleasing Fun Fair, draft. The experience of Simonds Ryder,

equipbring the or Bazaar. Carnival We to revelation the given doubted who Today people your own ment, show for the Prophet because Smith him Joseph

in the take whole the run youshow—andhow spelled a "i"instead of Ryder with Delivery an Immediate

colorful booths for and cost No money! "y,"Vol. 1, example. (DHC,

give for prizes only you pay games, This 52:37.) p. is not a 261; good is aD&Ctypical

find easy out Call today and how away. Also available: High protein wheat for principle details in dealing unless with

use or storage. it is! those details are substantive and unless

that are deal the words involved with in For full information, write: significant changes meaning. apThe

ALLGRAIN FLOUR MILL SERVICES proachseems accurate,in numberbut4 isit usefulholds andto thethe Icttcilogic v\xm\ rather the s])irit than of the law of the Dept. E P.O. Box 115

Lane Cottonwood 4884 the intended message, was which by Utah Tremonton, 84337 City, Ut. Salt Lake 84117 passage, it overemphasizes the and degree

Openings available for full or parttime Phone 2720213 of difference.

sales representatives. I have examined and copied the

COX 5 DELICOUS originalsion thatmanuscriptsare held byof thethe InspiredReorganizedVerChurch in Independence, Missouri. Havcritical o( ing a examination very made CreamedMoney

manuscripts and having compared of the best in the U.S. those one the printed editions with of the themHAND GRINDER to*

Inspired Version the Bcrnhisel and ManuIdeal for grinding. quick, easy SPECIALTY GIFT A BOXES Sh/ I like script, to the repeat conwould welfare purposes storage For

clusion, persona! study based on and

its quality for flavor and 'famous my$11.95

that examination, the Inspired present for Brochure) (Write Free <SyX*s. Inquire ( about QUANTITY edition DISCOUNTS Version 1944 subsequent and FARMS T HONEY JS2LI COX $R printings) is a reliable accurate very and Shelley, Idaho 83274 Unique SURVIVAL FAMILY GARDEN of representation prothe manuscripts

(vacuumpacked for max. storage life) duced by Joseph Smith. The spelling has

Beans, beets, cabbage, feed to aSeeds family corrected the punctuation been and carrots > corn onions AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAof six for four months! the intent added, judgment, but in my spinach, squash,. tomatoes.- P eas - $7.00 value Specially treated for vigorous growth. IN USE FOR OVER 75 YEARS has been preserved and is more like the

edition. than the 1867 was in of sore originals Aids treatment simple only $4.50

is the this that research shows What supply. Y! Limited ORDER TODA other throat mouth minor and is a Inspired present Version good copy

P.O. Box 1111 CO. DESERET SUPPLY

irritations. of accomplished and throat Smith Joseph what had Calif. Redlands. 92373

to that point in his life. The Prophet

Joseph Smith was unable to finish the HALL'S REMEDY work, and the present Inspired Version

If there is a boo N - Salt Lake City, Utah representsreason it isannotunfinishedgiven thetask.authoritativeFor this

sanction of the Church. However, one vvwwwvwww more point should be observed. The real

the purpose of the Lord in commanding any booh- 1 to of the Bible a revision Prophet make ash us about it. perienceseems to andhave instructionbeen for theof thespiritualProphetexrevision the Bible During Joseph

specialize in outof-print himself. We doctrinal great Smith received many and Utah publications. LDS revelations vision of de- (the the three

ZION BOOK STORE pageSee howbookthisholdsamazingthe hey32to grees of glory, for example). The care-

a as parent. success greatest your So. Main 254 of in children habits of harmful to causes Points the remove way

helping while obedience cheerful prompt, If you want ages. City, Salt Lake Utah 84101 all

now. Booklet Free in every for send way child advance your—124

Hilt, Ohio. Association, 4S359. Dept. Pleasant Parents 1976

f'ul study and prayer required of Joseph

Smith to make a revision of the Bible placed him in a situation to ask questions and receive revelatory answers. This

seems the real been purpose of to have Outdoor Survival Skillshis the Bible. with Consequently, work

the real product is not so much a reby Larry Dean Olsen vised and corrected manuscript of the

Bible, important as that is, but the WHAT WOULD HAPPEN IF...

product is the whole collection of remajor catastrophe struck and you hadn't vealed doctrines and utterances that came prepared your year's food supply?

to the Prophet during the process, many struck disaster and your family's majorof are not which published in the Doccontaminated? supply food wastrine Covenants. and

you were forced to leave home to face

Church in Thailand an unfriendly wilderness environment?

I read "The with interest Church in Thai-...

Christensen,land"[March], by Craig and SURVIVAL DEPENDS ON YOU found it to be particularly enlightening, there may be a time when you are forced since Thailand was once my home. I to live off the land or die.

recall with much fondness my experiences while involved with some of the Outdoor survival skills could mean the people Brother Christensen mentioned difference between life and death for the and the many acquaintances that turned Latterday Saint family. This book clearly

into good friendships among the Thais. outlines all the skills needed to survive in

I remember vividly the day Brother an unfamiliar natural environment.

Christensen and his companions arrived it in thatand rejoiced was how having we in mountainwaste desert veteran and A fulltime to missionaries a reap harvest Larry of survival, Olsen, has author, the Dean those to prepared the hear who were off land, living the at time a months spent

Igospel. testify of personally can their

life of his strength his the on depending faithfulness exceptional acand service skills. national technical his and hands A tocording calling the of missionary work.

survival, supervises a authority he on now

I inLater as in the year, assisted setting at leading survivaltraining BYU, programapart other brethren as to missionlabor in desolate ordeals on monthlong groupsaries, I the of sensed Lord's the power direction and witnessed the understandareas.

ing in taking his message to the Thai people.

Gary R. Howard

Grays, Essex, England The Creation The January issue of the Era was really something! Especially the feature on the

Creation. It summed up the saying: "For

those who believe in God, no explanation is necessary. For those who do not believe, no explanation is possible."

June Dobson Walsall, Staffs., England

ORDER FORM Letters on Hills Brigham Young University Press, Publication Sales, 205 UPB Provo, Utah 84601

In response to the February "Buffs"letter or Deseret Book Company, 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 841 1 letters the of placingabout stone custom hills in Please send me copies at $3.50 each plus 25 cents for mailing and handling. communities, nearon work my

Mexico has taken me to cities and towns in state republic. of nearly every the It Name

is practice to here build in whitecommon washed stone the initials or names of Address political candidates and /or parties on hillsides near communities. However, to City State Zip Code

my knowledge, and I have inquired extensively of others since reading the letter, are there letters only stone two Cactus on The Cookbook allhillsides in that represent of Mexico

Specialities Mexican LOVELEADERSHIP and SUCCESS! of school. or local a townthe name The

first, a large "B,"overlooks the beautiful Do you want greater success as a leader, a parent,

Benemerito de las Americas campus, the a public speaker or teacher? Do you desire greater

focal point of our Church's educational $1.00 $1.00 success in your career or business? SUCCESS is

think result REPEATEDwe THOUGHTS in Mexico.program It has 1,500

ABOUT."THINK ofBECOMEthe stuRt. 1 Box. 82-A Elfrida, Ariz., 85610 LY"WEa WE WHATdents. letter, second stone a block The

eternal this truth, over researched Realizing we overlooks beautiful Piedras Verdes"J,"ideas, selected great thoughts and and 20,000

River Valley and Colonia Juarez, one of fifty most dynamic and stimulating. These fiftythe

the Stimulator will bring Cards"and you "Thought loved ones greater first Mormon settlements in northern HOLIDAY INN your and SUCCESSMexico. HAPPIKeith J. McClellax Specialty—Authentic Mexican NESS than you dreamed possible!

Mexico City, Mexico Food (addWrite.07 todayif Utahfor resident)free booklet,for oryoursendcompleteonly $1.50set.

Satisfaction guaranteed back. or money Private Dining Available Room

Publishing Drive Co. - 1214 Redwood State 3040 So. Phone 4679881 Action

City, Salt Lake Utah 84104 Era, June 1970 125 Montana State University at Missoula says that there was a large "B"on a hill The questions of historical interest are:

has a huge "M"on nearby Mount near town. What started the custom? Where did it

Sentinel. The local high school, Mis- A Colorado Aggie of 1918 start? Who was responsible for initiating

soula County High School, has the these projects in various towns, and where letters "MHS"on nearby Mount Jumbo. As to the February suggestion in "Buffs"did they get their idea?

Albert Graves that this custom may be somehow con- L. Milton AndersonAnaheim, California nected to communities of Mormon backLos Angeles, California

ground, I can think of two cases where

Colorado State University, formerly the it is not: the "T"on Henniger Flats near We draw to a close this discussion of

Colorado Aggies, had a large "A"on Mt. Wilson, California, was cleared by several months about alphabetical letters

Horsetooth Peak a few miles west of Fort the class of 1916 of Throop Institute on hills. The practice appears to have

Collins when I arrived there in 1914. (now California Insitute of Technology); been widely adopted by Latterday Saints

In 1923, a new "A"was constructed of and the "L"on the bluff facing north as they founded and built their comstones. just below Sacred Heart Chapel of Loyola munities. It also appears to have had

Other Colorado state schools also have University of Los Angeles ( Roman wider geographical concentration than letters on the hills. Also, I have a report Catholic). The university was built in Mormon communities, and indeed, apparfrom a friend in Barstow, California, who 1927, and the "L"about 20 years ago. ently precedes the Mormon pioneer

period.

Handling of the Plates

The article "Achievements of Latterday

Saint Women"[April], by Dr. Leonard

"The Spoken Word"from Tem- J. Arrington, notes that Mary Whitmer

ple Square, presented over KSL viewed and Emma Smith handled the plates golden of the from which Book Broadcasting the Columbia The and is translated. the first This was Mormon 15, 1970. March System 1970. time that statement. seen such a I have SpokenWord

Marriner Swensen Oakland, California

of Arrington Dr. responds: The viewing We tell them better than we show them the plates by is told by Mary Whitmer

By Richard L Evans Elder Edward Stevenson of the First

Council of the Seventy in "The Thirteenth for their for of of course, people, Plates of the to the is concern, problem, Witness Book MoryoungThere Instructor, Juvenile 1, January The mon,"in the permissive which and for sometimes them way some of is 2223. also statement 1889, pages A

live their lives. But, as one cause of such concern, must we not made in the article that Major Bidamon,

told Elder second husband, admit that they are partly the product of the moral and spiritual and Emma's said she Stevenson had that Emma physical atmosphere that those who are older have sometimes perthe plates but had not seen them. Thefelt

1, of October Saints Herald mitted or made possible—by the actions, the attitudes, the example

interview 28990, with has an 1879, Emmapages of others: sometimes parents, teachers; sometimes the makers and Smith in which she says: "The plates

sellers of things; the producers and purveyors of unclean entertainoften lay on the table without any atment; those who have relaxed the enforcement of law; those who have temptsmall linenat concealment,tablecloth, whichwrappedI had givenin a

exploited immodesty, abandoned the moral commandments, and flouted him (Joseph) to fold them in."Peter J.

the safeguards of life. In all honesty must we not admit that much of PresidencySanders, in ofKeythe toChurchthe Succession(Murray, inUtah,the

the difficulty of young people comes from the neglect or misguidance 1909), states that Emma was permitted of adults—failing to set an example that youth could safely follow. tocloth,handlewhenthewritingplates,forwrappedthe Prophet,in a linenand

Not that youth are free from responsibility for their own actions that she traced their writing and shape and decisions, but some others who should know better must share some paper,and describedand theythemwould"pliablerustlelikewiththick-a responsibility for whatever letdown there is in the quality of life. metallic sound when the edges were

the thumb."We tell them better than we show them—and we don't even tell them moved by

as well as we should. Furthermore, we provide more and more for them The 90Minute Bread

physically, and less and less morally and spiritually, and leave them often

Thank you so much for giving us Sister with too little of fruitful activity, forgetting often that they are capable Jessie Evans Smith's recipe for "90Min- of learning much more, of doing much more, of being much more; and ute bread"[April]. This is the easiest

in large measure they will live up to what we expect of them—if we ask recipemost successful.I have tried,Myandfamilyalso isoneenthusiof the

it, I'll sure astic I'm about and be making lives of sincerity the by the we live. them show enough—and

to that often. I might add this bread

as the as early urgent possible work to share with themWeit earlyought nutritious, the time second it more of make the world, and see that they are trusted and challenged with serious I made it I substituted a little soy flour service. And as we shape them, we'd better be quite sure that we flourand wheatand alsogermsweetenedfor someit ofwiththe honey,white

show them what it is they ought to be, by what we are—because up and it turned out just as well. I do

or down, good or bad, happy or unhappy, moral or immoral, clean or thanfind, thethough,7-8 cupsthat ofI haveflour calledto use formorein unclean, competent or incompetent, we must share responsibility for the recipe, in order for it not to be sticky to pound.how they live their lives. It is good to tell them—but it is absolutely too Joan H. Garrard

essential to show them. Walnut Creek, California

ft>*W*V/

Warship at Lahaina"Kaanapali By Dr. G. Homer Durham

Commissioner and Executive Officer, Utah System of Higher Education

Lahaina, island of Maui in the century landmarks. Neat little from the Maui airport at Kahulue

state of Hawaii, has the largest homes cluster around the old to the LahainaKaanapali area and banyan tree in the islands. It fills waterfront and spread outward overlooking the blue Pacific, rises

an entire park between Front along a comfortable highway. Mod- a slender steeple. It comes from a

Street and the wharf, once the ern condominium apartments are building of familiar, contemporary whaling capital of the Pacific. found near the 7,000yard Royal architecture. The outlines of chapNearby is the Kaanapali beach Kaanapali golf course, which conel, cultural hall, classrooms, and

area. Sugar cane fields stretch upnects several large resort hotels. foyers are readily visible to the

ward on the gentle slopes of the The northwest coast of Maui has practiced eye. And sure enough,

redsoiled volcanic ridge. The old blue sky, blue sea, and green fields the letters emerged on the facade:

whaling town has a crumbling twoall tied to the misty mountain by "Church of Jesus Christ of Latterstory house on which the words frequent rainbows. day Saints,"inviting the member,

"Full Gospel Mission"are barely On the right side of highway 32, visitor, or stranger to come.

visible, as well as other nineteenth as one drives some thirty miles Sunday School at Lahaina is a

Era, June 1970 127 friendly, warm, soullifting experiwell-chosen words of encourageWANTED ence. The fellowship is real. ment and appreciation.

AngloAmericans, with the austere Sunday School at Lahaina, reserve of their north European March 1970, was excellent. Having

ancestries, gain new appreciation visited wards in the organized

ARTIFACTS foremotionalthe moregiftsopenof languageGod's manyand cialstakesvisitor,for manyoftenyearswithas advancean offiLetters, documents, children. "Good morning, my preparation and planning on the

autographs, brothers and sisters,"the words part of those being visited, it was old newspaper, personal of branch president Takeo Tangirewarding to drop in unexpectedly.

possessions, etc, of guchi or counselors Frank Wagner, I am certain that Elder Warren E.

church leaders. Sr., or Frank Nakamura, convey a Pugh of the Sunday School general

sense of brotherly and sisterly reboard, whose visit, with his family,

Send full description and gard that seems to reach beyond was unexpected, felt great enprice, please the businesslike, direct convencouragement. Sacrament meeting

ings of meetings experienced bewas, if possible, an even richer antiquities tweenMaybe itBostonis the andMaui Sansetting,Diego.the wasspiritualagainexperience.appropriatelyTheeloquentmusic

flowers, the view of sea and sky for the site and the occasion:

through the windows, or the soft unlimited 1640 North 11th Avenue fresh air from the cane fields. "There is an hour of peace and

Phoenix, Arizona 85007 Then chorister Roselani Puha rest,

Phone (602) 2535376 leads the congregation in song: Unmarred by earthly care;

Tis when before the Lord I go, "Earth, with her ten thousand And kneel in secret prayer...."

flow'rs,...

Heaven's infinite expanse, The invocation expressed sentiSea's resplendent countenance... ments of thanksgiving for the

Sweetly whisper, God is love."visitors to the branch and prayers

for their safety and wellbeing DIP INTO The message came through, as while traveling. Behind the new

they say, loud and clear, supplechurch building loomed the high mented by the sacramental hymn: green peaks of Maui. We sang

prior to the administration of the teshness "God loved us, so he sent his Son, emblems:

Christ Jesus, the atoning one...."

"There is a green hill far away

The gospel doctrine class led by Without a city wall...."

Dr. Gary Jenkins, the local physician, finds everyone participating. Again, as in the morning serThe variety of soft accents only vice, it was "an hour of peace and

serves to demonstrate that the rest, unmarred by earthly care,"modified "Indiana twang"of the solemn and sweet to the soul.

U.S. mountain states is only one If, after the sacramental service,

useful dialect of the English lanthe purpose of meeting is gospel guage; indeed, that English is only instruction in the atmosphere of

one of many languages in which worship, I heartily recommend the hymns of W. W. Phelps and Lahaina Branch to all visitors to

Parley P. Pratt are regularly sung Maui. After the scripture reading

around the world. The presence of (John 17:1) by Donald Baldwin,

BENNETTS visitorsPortland,fromOregon;Atherton,and California;Salt Lake Wagner,Jr., a youthcalledspeaker,attentionSister Joanneto the

1322 Colorizer Colors City stimulates the discussion with challenge of character developAt Dealers & Stores Everywhere

.

FOR OLDFASHIONED Your food storage plan could be

WORTHLESS HEALTHGIVING unless your storage containers proGOODNESS vide adequate protection.

Consult us for information on a complete line of high density Polyethylene

Containers. Plasticmerit, illustrated by a poem of Ella CHERRY STONER

are: Unbreakable They

Wheeler Wilcox (not often heard Automatic cherry Rust Resistant these days) and Rudyard Kipling's stoner.any table.ClampsNo tolossmostof HeatFreezerTestedProoftoto18040 F F

"If."Three Relief Society sisters juice. Fruit is Moisture Proof

automatically ejected. Approved USDA FDA and Sister Linnel in turn.then spoke rust Fine quality resisting Call Dixon Paper Company

materials. Order now on salvation and spokeTaniguchi 801363-2661

individual responsibility. Sister Onlyfor the$8.95seasonPost ahead!paid. Salt Lake City, Utah

Harriet Wagner discussed prayer. Other models available.

In a dramatic experience she ex-.40 sales tax in Utah.

pressed how vita! it is for each "CORONA"

individual to keep the channel GRAIN MILL fl open to Heavenly Father. (In "Corona"Grain

rendering a friendly service to a Mill,1CTSP,modelfor use TheInternationalfellow employee at a nursing home, with wheat, corn, House o Pancakes taking her home from a special fornuts,fineetc.or Easilycoarse adjusts Restaurants

night shift, Sister Wagner had begrinding. $11.75 postpaid 141 East 3rd South Salt Lake City, Utah

come lost in one of the largest westpostpaidof Rockies.east of Rockies.$12.75 3283538cane fields at night—a cane field $14.95 postpaid to Canada.

where a man had once lost his way ExtraUtah residentsplates foraddCorona53c tax.mills

for three days and nights.) $1.95 per set, postpaid.

Sister Ethel Young was the conHOME SIZE STONE GROUND cluding speaker and spoke on the FLOUR MILLS ATTENTION significance of the 128th anniSCANDINAVIANS versary of the Relief Society. I

have personally given the year orDo Insignia?you have a family Coat of Arms, Seal,

1842 exhaustive study, but in lisWe can reproduce or research.

tening to Sister Young's wellpre- Our files contain all Norwegian and Danish pared talk, I gained two important Insignia on record plus many accompanying concepts from the teachings of family genealogies.

Joseph Smith. Write for FREE information.

All spoke from the heart and VIKING HERALDICS mind with effectiveness, sincerity, Box 497 Rexburg, Idaho 83440 and humility. The closing hymn wayGrindtoyourbetterownhealthflour!with..an. AllEat Grainyour

was a benediction in song to a flour mill.

sweet Sabbath in Lahaina, Maui: millFree sold.CoronaWritemill nowwith foreverymoreAllGraininfor-

mation. "All creatures of our God and Send Orders to:

king.... Alleluia!"CO. SMITHFIELD IMPLEMENT

Smithfield, Utah 84335 ROADSIDERAUiiDAHOTELS 99 N. Main

In these times of unrest, worldly care, and sometimes grim routine, Traditionally.. Salt1000LakeSouthCity, StateUtah Street84111

it is good to remember that there one of the world's finest gifts 312 Beautifully Decorated Rooms.

are Lahainas around the world and Convention and Meeting Facilities for around the corner back home. Groups24 Hourof 20Coffeeto 600.Shop, Beauty Shop,

Free Transportation Barber Shop, to and everywhere not bloom Flowers may <fc6*y/VAA.\ALKAirport. the JEWELRY COMPANY from sky and Seaeveryday. may not be 801328-1261 Phone

blue nor mountains always green.

But to paraphrase St. Paul, God 42 W. 2nd So., Salt Lake City, Utah 841 1

hath made of one blood all naTelephone (801) 3221039 tions; and the opportunity to HEARING AIDS

allin- tiny, or savings Huge "in St. said, him, as John worship ear, the theear, behind unique This BOOK: RECORD HISTORY FAMILY

models, and body glass Newleyeall record to necessary forms the contains book is everywhere. 1 in truth,"spirit and 71 tiny are so age models space to events) pertaining (dates statistics and

closyour well concealed and paper Its parchment fine are pages family. yoour Alleluia! never even est friends may leather simulated a bound handsomely are O 'andvital

notice. TRIAL. FREE HOME cover. FOR TODAY embossed ORDER inYOURS

as payment. No down $10 Low $2.25! ONLY guaranmonthly. back Money ENTERPRISES KEY save. direct tee. and Order ST. 606 KILPATRICK free booklet. catalog for and confidential Write today Era, June CA. 94590 1970 VALLEJO, 129

, 10947, 77018. Dept. Houston, Tex. Box PRESTIGE, D-57

.

End ofan Era

"We hike single file, now get Though dirty and hot, they

LifeAmong theMormons back in line!"managed tired smiles

They scrambled over rocks And returned to their homes

The FiveMile Hike and up trees, filled with pride.

By Sandra Lundquist Exploring, meandering, They'd proved they could hike forgetting the time, down a trail for five miles ''It's time to go on our With blisters and cuts and (And eleven fivemile hike."scraped knees. from side to side)

"Hurray!"screamed the

Guide Patrol.

"Bring canteens, an apple or an orange, if you like, Tall shoes, and socks that won't roll."

At a June Conference allChurch dance festival, I noticed a group

And promptly at one on of tourists sitting behind me. When three huge flags, with

Saturday came, the letters MIA on them, were brought onto the field at the start

Unkempt but loaded for bear, of the program, a little boy in the group asked his mother,

The troops, with their slingshots, "What does that mean?"She told him that she didn't know.

slickers for rain, During the finale, the same three letters were shown. The little boy,

Three doughnuts, a chocolate confidently, exclaimed, "Mama, I know what that means now!

eclair. It's Mormons In Action!"-Deon Bird, Roosevelt, Utah

"End of an Era"will pay $3 for humorous anecdotes and experiences that relate to the Latterday Saint way of life. Maximum length 150 words

Americans are a strange Golfer (totaling high If a man has a talent people. They devote one day score): I'm certainly not and cannot use it, he has failed.

a year to fathers and a whole playing the game I usually If he has a talent and uses week to pickles. play. Caddie: What game only half of it, he

—Farmer's Almanac is that, sir? has partly failed. If he has a

talent and learns somehow to use

As the high councilor the whole of it, he has returned from stake What more people need gloriously succeeded, and won priesthood meeting, his is the faith of the woman a satisfaction and a triumph wife asked, "How was your who declined a lastminute few men ever know.

talk this evening?"invitation to a garden party—Thomas Wolfe

"Which one?"he asked. "The because she had already

one I was going to give, prayed for rain. "Help! A man just stole my

the one I did give, or car!""Did you see him?""No,

the one I delivered so but I got the license number brilliantly to myself on The editor received a as he pulled away."

the way home?"manuscript with a letter that said,

"The characters in this story It matters more what's in a

Christians today must are purely fictional and bear woman's face than what's reassess the depth of their no resemblance to any person, on it.

allegiance to Christ. It does no living or dead."When the—Claudette Colbert

good to honor him with editor returned it to the our lips if our hearts are far author, he scribbled across the A class reunion is where—Elderfrom him.Mark E. Petersen withbottom,it.""That's what's wrong youwho getis fallingtogetherapart.to see

Reviewing the winning entries: Elaine Cannon andEider

Marion D. Hanks, Era of Youth editors; Florence S. Jacobsen,

YWMIA general president; Doyle L. Green {back left), Era manTheEra aging editor; W. Jay Eidredge, YMMIA general superintendent,

ofYouth

June 1970 Marion D. Hanks, Editor

Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor

ShHw

"... and some shall toil and not attain."

were well over1,000 entries in the 1970 Era of Youth Writing Contest. All contestantsThere toiled, but all

did not attain prize status. Each entry was carefully screened by several competent

judges and then turned over to the staff for final decision.

Our thanks to judges for long hours. Our great appreciation on your behalf for

Era, June 1970 131 the generosity of our Church schools for awarding the scholarships. And to the editors of the Era, grateful awareness that cash prizes and subscription awards are a

proud honor for any winner.

Here are thewinners:

Brigham Young "The Least of These My "Reunions Are Personal "Locusts and Wild Honey,

Brethren"Tar and Feathers"Things"University Dean S. Johnson, 18 Lynnette Peterson, 17 Dianne Marie Whitelock, 23

FULL SCHOLARSHIP Blackfoot, Idaho Salt Lake City, Utah Bountiful, Utah "True Living"PARTIAL SCHOLARSHIP "The Sand Is Life""Fools"

Elayna Louise Barber, 20 City, OregonOregon "Seen Out a Window"SherryHayward,LynneCaliforniaStewart, 18 CynthiaFoster City,Calde,California17

Billie Carolyn Tompkins, 18 "Sometimes"Coeur d'Alene, Idaho "Mom's Hands""Our Love"

Randle, 18 LawrenceGuy CaliforniaNorthridge, "Don't Tell Me I'm Too IdahoDentonFalls,Hatch,Idaho22 SaltReAnnLakeHammond,City, Utah18

Young to Know"Sylvia Jean Dalton, 17 "Sing! To the Pioneers""The Call"

PARTIAL SCHOLARSHIP Bliss, Idaho Katherine Joanne Howard, 17 Kathryn Jenkins, 16

Phoenix, Arizona Orem, Utah "Here and Waiting""Man's Search"

Jennifer Huskinson, Sainsbury, 17 Deanna of entries) 17 (group "Sidewalks"Sandy, Utah Idaho Idaho Falls, Linda Buhler Sillito, 21 Kathryn Leslie Hansen, 19 "I Speak With Mary"Church College of Hawaii Salt Lake City, Utah Rexburg, Idaho

Peggy Marie Hill, 20 Fresno, California FULL SCHOLARSHIP "The Long Haul""I'm Happy With the

M. Sharon Cody, 21 Decision I've Made"California Lakewood, "A Thankful Song"

Performance""The Aurelia Sauni Rokesa Watt, 21 George English

Draper, UtahBarbara Jane Australia Alder, 18 Prospect, South (group of entries)Portland, Oregon

Emery Grant Smith, 19 "Had Lost Her Sheep"PARTIAL SCHOLARSHIP Rigby, Idaho "Brent in Bed"Mitzi Schwenke, 18

B.Paul Dixon, 17 "A Time to Be Born""My First HighDive"Auckland, New ZealandProvo, Utah

David Sturt, 21 Paul R. Adams, 22

Laie, Hawaii Ogden, Utah "Freedom""Like Whom"17 Nancy Waggoner, J. Payne,Marvin 21 Washington "The Piper"(group of entries) Shelton,El California Monte,

Faithe Marine Geayley, 17 Catherine Cryer "Opus Envy"Auckland, New Zealand Orem, Utah "Sleep in Heavenly Peace"

Caldwell, Steve 17Latayne Colvett

California Upland,Albuquerque, New Mexico Cash Awards Terry(groupAnnof entries)Newren

Bountiful, Utah (group of entries) "Sunday"

Ricks College Janine Marie Hansen, 18 K. Alexander Nelson, 17

FULL SCHOLARSHIP Sparks, Nevada Era Subscriptions Bellevue, Washington

"Today's World""Graduation""Verses""Wind"

Bonnie Kerr, 19 Robert E. Quinn, 23 Carroll J. Travis, 24 Cecelia Ann Harris, 17

Fountain Valley, California Newport, Rhode Island Chicago, Illinois Orem, Utah

fln

By Guy Lawrence Randle resting on the floor, on the uppest part

Sometimes reposed, of the mountain

I am a corner person, basking in or the most middle cracked and old, pools of shadow, of the meadow, paint peeling, which, and feel the wind sitting, in flight tangle my hair the ivedding of tivo from the light, and touch my face warm walls run down the walls ivith brisky fingers, at my back, and collect making me on the edge in the corners... want to run

of a threadbare gray rug;... and sometimes else and shout

just another I stand, my knowledge particle of dust stick straight to the world.

Era, June 1970 133.tfSaTfe

>A

l A M '<? w -..., y

balance. perfectly in tune with his sur-

"Little bird, little bird, roundings, and, had a stranger True w What are the sounds that passed, he probably would have

You have heard? taken the small figure on the rock Living What are the sights that only to be another wild young

By Elayna Louise Barber You have seen as you float thing at home on the mountain,

Illustrated by Dale Kilbourn Over Mother Nature's green?"soaking up the sun on the hot

The words came easily to him. July day.

The worm writhed as if its Verse was the only way he could Time passed, and the boy felt tail was caught back somewhere truly express the joy he felt, and the urge to move, to leave his in the woody regions. Its jaws he repeated the poem over and "dreaming rock"and run down

worked steadily on the edge of over again inside himself. the mountain. He climbed down

the hole, unaware of the delicate He got up and stretched, feelthe rocks and stood, just for a design it was creating on the log. ing young, alive, healthy, and moment, savoring the stillness.

The boy watched it through free like the rest of the mountain. "I am a deer—no, a stag, the most

squinted eyes. He wondered if Everything was yellow and green beautiful of all!"And then he

it too was drunk with the summer and warm. He leaped into the air was off, down the mountains, past

sunshine and pine smell of the as if to fly, then began running the log where the worm lived, mountain. The design was unup the mountainside. Up, up, till down through the meadow,

usual. All browns, but so many he reached the cliff of rocks that through the gate, and up to the

different shades! He moved over overlooked the meadow, his broad porch. He threw himself

on the pine needles to get a closer house, and the valley below. He down in the hammock and swung

view. The worm stopped chewing climbed fast, with the amazing back and forth, panting and enand raised up, uneasy about the energy of a tenyear-old, till he joying the cool shade. He could

freckled nose only four inches reached the top rock and stopped smell the roses growing off to the away. The boy laughed inside with arms stretched high, eyes left, and he could smell—he lifted

and rolled over onto his back. The closed. Then he shouted inside his freckled wrist and sniffed

sun was so warm, the air so with the joy of being alive! yes, he could smell the sun and

fragrant, the clouds so big and An eagle circled overhead, labreeze and pine of the mountain.

close! He often dreamed of flyzily, gracefully, searching for food. He laughed inside and swung his

ing up and landing on a cloud. He The boy lay back down on the leg, and the hammock creaked

imagined himself bouncing and sunbathed rock and watched it, back and forth, back and forth.

tumbling on their fluffy billows. trying to imagine what the world Inside the house the mother,

To fly like a bird. He'd like looked like from up there. sitting with a guest, heard the

that. He pictured his parents'"Oh, to be like the eagle hammock and knew that he was

faces if one day he just stepped Sitting on lofty crag, home. She smiled a sad smile,

out onto the porch and flew off Waiting only for impulse and her friend smiled sympaup into the sky. Then they would Or hunger to carry him thetically.

be proud; then perhaps they Down and around and "The doctors still say there is

would understand that being difAround. Circling the no hope?"

ferent was not so bad. Misty valley, deep in "None. They say he will be

A brown sparrow lit on the Gullies and majestic in pine."dumb for life."

tree above him, and the branch He laughed again, inside, and "Oh, how sad,"said the visitor, swayed up and down under its dedicated the poem to the bird. touching her arm. "Never to

landing. He laughed as the little How long he lay there, he didn't know the joy of true living!"

thing flapped its wings to keep care. He only knew that he felt The mother nodded. O

Era, June 1970 135 Now this may seem pretty unrefuse to get out of bed for six if he couldn't please get up and do fair, telling you about the only days when he wasn't even sick. something useful. "You just can't

really crazy thing I ever saw One Tuesday morning, just as stay in bed all day long because

Brent do, when this is probably usual, mom came in and said, you're tired of going to school!"

the only information you'll ever "Brent, it's time to get up."she insisted.

get about him. But I think it's As usual, Brent didn't get up "Well, I did stay in bed all day,

the best way to tell about him. I right away. Whenever mom came didn't I?"Brent calmly pointed

could tell you that my brother is into the bedroom to wake up out. "I'm tired of doing things

an Eagle Scout or that he graduBrent, she always woke me up that I hate to do."

ated from seminary, but what too, but she never quite managed Brent probably did think he does that tell about what he's to get him out of bed. I didn't had lots of disagreeable things to

like? I look at it this way—if have to get up as early as Brent do. He was student body presiyou look at the good things a did, but since I usually woke up dent, and he kept complaining

person does, you can't tell a thing when he was supposed to, I'd yell about the other officers'voting about his character, because at him until he woke up. down his ideas and then leaving

there are so many different right Well, that morning I yelled at him with all the work.

and wrong reasons for doing good him for about a halfhour. I'm After a while, dad came in to

things. It's the bad things a perpretty sure he heard me, and I'm talk to Brent. He used the tough

son does that really tell about positive that he heard mom's yellapproach. "Now listen! You put

his personality. ing. She has the most perfect down that guitar, get out of bed,

You wouldn't really call what yelling voice I've ever heard. and get dressed right now!"he

Brent did evil, but you'd certainly Anyway, he didn't pay attention; said.

call it interesting. It happened he just lay there with his pillow But Brent didn't move at all,

seven years ago when I was eight over his head. and my father couldn't do much

and he was 18. We were sleeping As I returned from a trying about it, because Brent is six foot

in the same room, so I was usually day at third grade, Brent was three and my dad is barely five on hand to get a playby-play still lying on his bed. He was eleven.

account of the proceedings. stretched on his back, playing the "You don't ever see me stayReally, all Brent did was to guitar, and mom was asking him ing in bed all day because I'm

'"''"'''mmr'mr?

'-.'...

v N 'y tired of doing my work, do you?"easier for Brent if mom hadn't covers over him, in those crazy

dad argued. told the people at the school that P. J.'s, playing the guitar. He was

"Go ahead and do it. It's all he was sick. He got a couple of obviously embarrassed, and he

right with me,"said Brent. getwell cards, and he even got jumped under the covers as fast

So dad failed, and my brother a getwell cake from a "secret as he could.

continued lying there, playing his admirer."Brent wouldn't eat it, They said hi, and kind of stared

guitar. Pretty soon I noticed that though. Dad and mom kept harpat each other for a minute, and

he was playing the same chords ing at him to get up and go back Evelyn said that she hoped he over and over again. Usually to school, but he just wouldn't do wasn't too sick.

Brent's guitar playing sounded it. They even sent for a psychia- "I'm not sick,"he confessed.

pretty good, but I soon got tired trist, but Brent wouldn't put "What? Well, how come you're

of his playing the same sad chord down his guitar and talk to him, in bed?"

progression without end. He also so he had to leave. I really felt "Because I don't feel like

looked funny, lying on his back sorry for poor Brent, although I getting out of bed."

in his pajamas, strumming the don't know why. "That's not much of a reason.

guitar. My big brother was beginning Brent."

I was really surprised to see to look bad, believe me. He had "It's the only one I could think

mom bring a tray of supper in to whiskers all over his face because of."

Brent's bed. I asked her why he he hadn't shaved. He looked ab- "Why didn't you call me?"

was getting his food in bed, and solutely weird in those cowboy she asked.

she said, "Well, he won't even get pajamas, too. You see, my mom "Oh, I don't know. I guess I

up to come to the table. Do you had made me some pajamas for was too busy. Why? Was I supwant me to let him starve to Christmas, with pictures of Roy posed to call you?"

death?"Rogers, Gene Autry, and Hopa- "Not really. It's just that

I asked her if I could have long Cassidy. She bought too we've been going out together

dinner in bed too, but she said much cloth, so she made Brent a every Saturday night for quite a no. pair too. Brent looked pretty while, and I thought that you'd at

During the evening, mom, dad, funny in cowboy pajamas, but he least call me to tell me you my two sisters, my other brother, wore them anyway, just to be couldn't go out with me last and I all tried to get Brent to get nice to mom. You know how the night."

out of bed. None of us could do backs of pajama knees begin to "Now that's really amazing,"

it, and I soon got bored and went look like an accordian after you've said Brent. "Most guys have to

to watch television. worn them for a long time? No ask a girl to go out with her, but

For the rest of the school week kidding! Brent had the worst case I have to call you to get permis-

I left him in bed every morning of P.J. accordian knees I've ever sion not to take you out!"

and came back to see him strumseen. "I didn't know you felt that

ming his guitar—the same old It was in that state of beauty way about me,"she said indigsong. Now, don't get me wrong. that Brent's girl friend, Evelyn, nantly. "Goodbye, Brent."She

He didn't stay in bed every saw him on Sunday night. When walked out on her own.

second; he did get up once in a she came to the door, my mom All this time I had been prewhile to go to the bathroom. I answered. Mom was so mad at tending to look at a magazine. I

also saw him brush the crumbs Brent that she didn't even warn was at an age when boys are out of his bed once or twice. You him. She just told me to take obligated to hate girls. When she

know how terrible old toast Evelyn to our room and stay in left, I began to clap and cheer.

crumbs in the bed can be. there with them. When we went "Shut up and get out of here!"

Things would have been a lot in, Brent was lying without the he yelled. I obeyed.

Here and Waiting By Jennifer Sainsbury

I never knew you, My mother's mother.

I remember your yellow kitchen Linoleum, shaded porch, Sunday

Pretendworld-perfect; By Janine Marie Hansen

Cluttered bedrooms filled with

Pink jewelry boxes, pictures The poetry

Of Sunday of a young and struggling Affects my life

Couple, building a home On Monday.

Out of a white square house.

This I remember Dusty books with messages:

Happy birthday, dear, with love.

Figurines, china birds, Paperweights, high shelves, Calendars, pincushions.

All this I remember.

But the time for knowing your Hopes, loves, fears Far in the future—when time

Crumbled away years Gave me understanding.

Now I am here and waiting, Only to find you gone.

CONTEST.fNTRYRA Of YOUTH

f

I was very upset. I couldn't "I'm sitting here and wondering wish that you were more happy,

even watch television. I started What the world's about. because I love you."

to cry. I'll never know unless I get In a couple of seconds I lifted

I walked to my room and was Some time to think it out."my head and looked at Brent. His

about to enter when I heard I knock at the door. How stueyes were getting all watery too.

Brent singing inside. I recognized pid, knocking at my own bedroom We kind of stared at each other

the same chords he had been door. Brent yelled, "Come in!"for awhile, and then he put down

playing all week long, and I can I entered, the tears still in my his guitar and sat up. "What do

still remember some of the words eyes, and said, "Brent, I'm awful you say we both go have a piece he made up. sorry that I made you mad, and I of getwell cake?"he asked. O

Era, June 1970 139 Melinda Bauer To perpetuate the memory of Marba C. Josephson, who for many

years was associate managing editor of The Improvement Era, the YWMIA annually awards a $1,200 scholarship to a young woman who has shown outstanding writing ability

H and a desire to progress further in this field. Florence S. Jacobsen,

Margaret R. Jackson, and Dorothy P.

Holt of the YWMIA general presidency made the final selection.

Melinda Bauer, daughter of Mr.

and Mrs. J. Harold Bauer, of Altadena, California, has been named

the recipient of the 1970 Marba C.

Josephson cash scholarship award.

This valuable award is a special delight to a young woman who has made a valiant struggle to realize her dreams. She is the only member

of her family who is a member of the Church, and she has fought many a personal battle. During her last two years of high school, while she

has been living in the home of Mrs. Frank Troxler in Salt Lake City,

Utah, she has earned a name for herself as a talented person. A member of the graduating class of 1970 at Highland High School in Salt

Lake City, she has been poetry editor of the school literary magazine, associate editor of the seminary yearbook, and a member of the Project

Inform Committee; she has also served as Utah State cochairman

of a continuing education seminar for teens. She's a fourthyear seminary

graduate and a member of seminary choir. A consistent top place

winner in writing contests, she has been published in Young America

Speaks and the Era of Youth on several occasions.

Melinda's college life will be journalism oriented, and her fine mind will be turned to improving her skills in turning a phrase and helping people in living better through her word and pen.

Silently sitting Melody Here By Melinda Bauer alone in wonderment, I reflect on that first summer

We laughed like little children.

I was content to enjoy the sunbeams,

But you had to touch them.

I asked why. You asked why not.

Each day together was a note in

Our Song.

But Our Song was too loud for me,

And too soft for you.

First High Dive My By Paul R. Adams

Mosula pool was deep, blue, and very cold. Even What am I doing up here? was my first panicky

in the noonday glow of the summer sun, the water thought. My second was to retreat immediately.

was shockingly chilly. Surrounded on three sides But then I looked down again and saw all the

by sheer, vertical cliffs of vine and mosscovered grinning faces peering up at me. I couldn't back

rock, the pool lay partly in sunlight, partly in down and have to face the jeers of my friends, none shadow. A waterfall cascading from the cleft face of whom, by the way, had been foolhardy enough

of the canyon flashed and sparkled white in the to place themselves in such a predicament. I had

sun. to find a plausible, facesaving excuse for backing

A young man stood on a narrow, rocky ledge down—it was either that or jump! I hunted

forty feet above the water's surface. His lithe, frantically, but try as I would, I couldn't think of

athletic figure was small against the dark green any excuse except the truth: I was scared to death.

of the mosscovered cliffs. As I watched, he preBut I couldn't admit that to anyone else.

pared to dive. With a sudden flex of the knees and Finding no excuse, I sighed dejectedly and re-

a hard thrust forward, he leaped clear of the ledge. signed myself to meeting my doom. Better death

His arms stretched wide and his back arched into than dishonor. Still clutching desperately at my

a graceful swandive that barely rippled the survine, I tremulously approached the edge of the ledge.

face as he entered the water. Without looking down, I took a deep breath, re-

"Well,"I thought, "if he can do it, I can."Withleased my hold on the vine, made an awkward half

out taking time to think things through logically stephalf jump, and fell off the cliff. Although my

and talk myself out of it, I began scrambling and arms and legs were flailing frantically, I managed to clawing my way up the cliff. After a good deal of cover my nose. After what seemed like ages, I

struggle and a barely averted backflip into the plummeted noisily into the water, raising a small pool, I finally reached the ledge. Testing the geyser in the process.

rocks gingerly, I found them to be solid; then After recovering from the initial shock of findstepping out on the ledge, I looked down. ing myself still alive and unharmed, I gratefully

Fortunately, one hand was firmly grasping a kicked back up to the surface, put on my best air convenient vine hanging nearby, and when my of swaggering nonchalance, and swam over to my knees buckled from fright, I didn't completely colfriends. One of them hollered to me and said, "Hey,

lapse. Forty feet up doesn't look very high until were you scared up there?"

you are there looking down. Not only was I forty "Who, me? Naw, that's just kidstuff. Nobody

feet up—I had gone there for the express purpose with any nerve is scared of a little jump like

of jumping forty feet down! that!"O

Era, June 1970 141 kind, this was a question that often

The Presiding Bishop arose, especially among the youth.

One story is told of a father who

Talks to Youth About: instructed his sons to load onetenth of the best hay and take it

to the bishop's storehouse for tithing.

The boys, who had helped with the raising, cutting, and storing of ithing the hay, protested, "Why do we

By Bishop John H. Vandenberg have to take the best? Why can't

we just take the hay as it comes?"

The youth of today may want really a part of us—something The father's reply stopped

reasons for what they are asked that is a product of our greatest further argument: "When your

to do. This desire to know why efforts? It is a good thing, a fine mother and I prayed for children,

can be a great characterbuilding thing, to do. we asked the Lord to give us the

trait if properly used, because it is The ten percent of our income very best he had, and he did."

important to do the right things that we pay in tithing helps to There are many places for for the right reasons. pay the operational costs of the money to be spent, and learning

For instance, President David 0. Church. It is tithing that builds what is the best way to spend it is

McKay advised, "Tithing should chapels and temples in which to a valuable lesson at any age. Anynot be given with a selfish end in worship and perform sacred ordione who has tried paying tithing

view. A man who pays tithing just nances. It is tithing that brings after everything else is paid knows

to keep his name on the record missionaries home at the end of that this method will never work.

will receive his reward, of course; their tours of service. It is tithing Someone has said that nobody

he will have his name on the recthat supports the educational arms ever has enough money to pay ord. 'Verily, he hath his reward,'of the Church—a university, coltithing. The real question is

as the man who prayed to be seen leges, institutes of religion, and whether or not one has enough and heard of men. But he who seminaries. faith to pay tithing.

gives because he loves to help Besides the blessing of knowing Tithing is somewhat related to others and to further the cause of that our tithes support such valufasting as a method of developing righteousness, who gives cheerable services, we receive the selfcontrol. A person who can

fully with thanksgiving in his heart, spiritual benefit that comes from control his appetite by refusing to also has his reward; for in giving keeping any of the commandpartake of food when he is hungry

he is really obtaining. In losing his ments. The Lord doesn't need our can usually better control his

life for Christ's sake, he finds it."money nearly so much as we need selfish desires by gladly paying

Generally speaking, people hesihis blessings. his tithing. Experience indicates

tate to part with their earnings. Payment of tithing is a helpful that one cause of* the problems

This may be understood if one aid toward achieving humility, a that many young people are having considers the fact that a man, virtue that is rare today. If we pay today is that they have never been

especially, spends the greater part tithing for the right reasons—bedenied anything. One young man

of his life in earning money to supcause we love the Lord and want who was ruining his life with drugs port himself and his family. Young to help build his kingdom here on claimed that his parents had almen and women just beginning to earth—we are taking a step in the ways given him everything he

earn are often surprised at the direction of humility. Unselfishasked for. How vital it is for youth

amount of time and effort involved. ness is another character trait that to realize that strength comes from

A person who exerts himself to is in short supply, for which tithebeing able to exercise selfcontrol earn money may actually feel that paying with joy and thanksgiving is and that happiness must be earned he is giving part of himself when excellent training. by personal sacrifice and effort.

he makes a contribution. A generous heart, when in Paying tithing is a form of worHow better can we show our doubt, always gives the benefit to ship. When a person comes to

love for the Lord and his church the Lord. In times past, when realize the extent of the Lord's

than by giving something that is tithing was sometimes paid in love for him as an individual, he

feels a strong desire to worship him more fully. Tithing is a natural

answer to this desire. We are not

asked at this time to give our lives for the Lord, but we can give the product of our life's work in the form of tithing.

The late President Stephen L Richards of the First Presidency said in his booklet The Law of Tith-

.ing: "Every man who pays his; (

tithing should enjoy it. The Gos-... it's you! Now... tomorrow. pel of Christ is a gospel of enjoyLOOK

ment. 'Man is that he might have Seeingdifferentyourselfstory. right now is easy. Seeing yourself tomorrow is a

joy.'When one pays his tithing Victor Business Schools can help.

without enjoyment he is robbed of Any of our courses can teach you a marketable skill to prepare you part of the blessing. He must for a betterpaying career. And whatever your reasons for making

...why not make more of it?learn to give cheerfully, willingly money

and joyfully, and his gift will be trialWritelesson.for details. We'll even schedule you a free aptitude test and

blessed. In order that he may

receive more enjoyment he needs VICTOR BUSINESS SCHOOLS

Dept. E business schools Room 206 FVICTORto pay more frequently.... By corporation victor comptometer Street South 65 Main

payments throughout the year we Salt Lake City, Utah 841 IT 65th Yearmay increase and enhance not

Our 77 nationwide schools are listed in the Yellow Pages.

only the joy of our giving but the practice of it.... I can heartily

recommend to you the payment of your tithes as your funds come It's cheaper into not hands, only your

it will easier, because to uijii Uircct be but because greater blessings will come to you.

"We consecrate our lives in this

Church to the advancement of the cause of God. 'He who gives himMON TUES WED THURS FRI SAT SUNself with his gift feeds three JNow8 AM

hishimself, hungering neighbor

Rate Rate Weekend70C or Day.35 LessMinutes is of tithing me.'the lawand So 3 Minutes SI4Bc or orLessLess - 3

Additional Each Minute - or 20C Less It is ofthe epitome Gospel. the Additional Each

genuine worship and true recogniMinute tion of the sovereignty of God. It 5 PM

Evening Rate of givingis the - muscle energy and 85C or Less

Where directdialing - 3 Minutes 25C or Less are not Additional Each Minute it lifeof to the cause, begets facilities and

: 1the abundant life of love and available,rates applydirectdialon 11 PM li

service for which Christ came. It stationto-stationDperatorhandled, 35CLateorNightLess Rate-1 Minute Toin theanywhere

U. S. calls outof-state 20CorLessis a of true measurement Alaska. religion. within the continental Eachc i AdditionalajjI-, Minuteam continentalexceptJ d I

U.S., except Alaska. 8 AM its extent of the observanceBy

every man may determine for himLong Distance rates (or outof-state calls you dial yourself self the vitality of his own faith and love of God. A prophet has Mountain Bell

said, 'The tenth shall be holy unto

It will Lord.'the you, be holy unto GENEALOGISTS HEATERS price list of Free items. Xerox WATER over 300 joyfully, it lovingly, giveif you GAS AND ELECTRIC copying 5c each. pictures Genealogy copied

baptistries, church kitchens, rest rooms. (each additional copy 5c; see page 5 Forwillingly."O 30c

Inexpensive. automatic. Completely Also, Mail orders of catalog). welcomed.

STEVENSON'S fiberglass baptistries, spires

GENEALOGICAL CENTER LITTLEP. BOX 51*GIANT/ 907 SEVENTHMANUFACTURINGSTREET / ORANGE. TEXAS 77630CO. 1230 North, Provo, Utah 84601 Era, June 1970 143 230 West

INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES IN A NEW FIELD Help/ Johnny

"W mm learn

i>

that children estimated read.has third to of the been one half one

tn> "*0J inIt public reading schools read today below have problems and their present grade level. Many times, today's school systems

fail to motivate a student to learn at the proper rate.

Ebronix, a nationwide chain of electronic learning centers, can provide the motivation necessary to help students who have fallen behind in their reading, spelling or arithmetic. Students

who are now behind in their reading ability can normally expect to increase at least one school year a month with only 6 hours at the Ebronix Learning Center. Those with problems

ifM throughin arithmeticthis highlycan expectmotivationalto jump learningone gradeprocess.level in 2V2 months

IDEAL BUSINESSEbronixEBRONIXANLearning Center operators are earning remarkable incomes above their own salaries and expenses.

The centers provide a genuine service to the community—a service that is in great demand. Some centers

have netted a 100% return on their investment after the first five months of operation. Centers will net a

return between $30,000 and $40,000 a year.

Choice locations are still available for either a Learning Center License or Area Distributorship.

Market is unlimited A dignified business that offers profit, prestige

Almost immediate return on investment and security

Company performs a vital service Excellent for absentee investor

Guaranteed Customer Satisfaction Complete training program

No teaching experience necessary Low investment fee—$12,000-$14,000

vital profession! new INFORMATION AJoin the of centers growing number located and being

established in the following cities: FREIf you have an excellent reputation Salt Lake City, Utah Fresno, California

Las Vegas, Utah Nevada in invest and can $12,000

Florida Milbourne, a new fast Ogden,Bountiful, Utah field, call or write including growing Atlanta, Provo, Utah Georgia your phone number: Logan, Utah Akron, Ohio

Flint, City, Cedar Utah Michigan MR. LAURENCE BALLANTYNE

Boise, Idaho City, Missouri, Kansas Ebronix Franchise Director Caldwell, Calgary, Idaho Alberta, Canada 1280 Cherry Lane Nampa, Idaho PROVO EBRONIX CENTER

Pocatello, Provo, Idaho Utah 84601 North West 661 500

Idaho Falls, Idaho Provo, Phone: 3731930 collect Utah 84601 (801)

Los Angeles, California Phone 3748733

Alameda, California Now accepting enrollment

ELECTRONIC LEARNING CENTERS

725 SOUTH LATAH BOISE, IDAHO 83704

HERITAGE Here is a land unspoiled, glens, bubbling brooks, tranquil, serene; a land picturesque scenery, includfresh with natural wonder ing the peaceful solitude

this at so well expressed nostalgic charm. and

retreat HILLS beautiful mountain in the heart Nestled deep of the Wasatch Mountain... that quiet little place

Range, Heritage Hills to hang your hat. Write

surrounds most of Round today for full information.

Valley near the pioneer HERITAGE HILLS community of Wallsburg. Recreational Estates

Only a few moments drive Post Office Box 603 from Provo and Salt Lake Provo, Utah 84601

City, it offers lush green Phone (801) 3736650 I

e find inspiration in our great heritage of Lake City. The bank was located at the northbanking service dating back practically 100 east corner of Main Street and First South

years. Street. Headquarters of First Security Bank

The Bank of Deseret (which became the remain in this same location—the oldest conDeseret National Bank and later First Security tinuous banking corner in Utah.

Bank) was founded under Territorial Law in Church officials continue to help guide the 1871. destinies of First Security. At the present time

President BRIGHAM YOUNG of the Church more than 150 officers of First Security in of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints was the Utah and Idaho are Church leaders... past

bank's first president. and present Stake Presidents, Bishops, PriestThe organizational meeting was held in the hood and auxiliary organization officers and

old city hall and the election of the board of teachers, including members of the First Presidirectors took place in the Tabernacle in Salt dency and Council of Twelve.

First Security Bank Member First Security Corporation System of Banks

RESOURCES OVER ONE BILLION DOLLARS

FIRST SECURITY BANK OF UTAH, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION.

FIRST SECURITY BANK OF IDAHO, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION.

FIRST SECURITY STATE BANK.

FIRST SECURITY BANK OF ROCK SPRINGS, WYOMING.

MEMBERS FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION.