I

THIS ISSUE—

HEBER J. GRANT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR.

DAVID O. McKAY GEORGE D. PYPER MAY, 1936

N. A. PEDERSEN CLARISSA A. BEESLEY Volume 39 Number 5

RAMONA W. CANNON ANNIE WELLS CANNON ReturnSALT LAKEPostageCITY,GuaranteedUTAH

Heber J. Grant.

John A. Widtsoe,

Editors Richard L. Evans,

Managing EditorMarba C. Josephson, Improvement

Associate Editor George Q. Morris, General Mgr.

Clarissa Associate A. Beesley, Mgr. JUNE, 1936 K. Orton, Business Mgr.J. NUMBER 5 VOLUME 39

'The Glory of God is Intelligence'"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"

OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS,

MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTCOMMITTEE, MUSIC OF EDUCATION, MENT WARD ERA OF THE CHURCH AGENCIES AND OTHER TEACHERS

OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS, COMING

IN JUNE AN ENCOURAGEMENT TO YOUTH—AN CONTENTS

ARTICLE ON THE OPPORTUNITIES AND

OBLIGATIONS OF THE PRESENT GENibattonals: ERATION J. REUBEN BY PRESIDENT

CLARK, JR. One Man's Memory of an Honored Mother

267 Grant President Heber E. A BUILDING ALBERT LIFE—BY 296 A. WidtsoeJ. John to the Priesthood SUPERINTENDENT GENERAL BOWEN, A Call

IMOF MEN'S MUTUAL THE YOUNG L. 296 Evans Richard of "Honor"Meaning A The PROVEMENT ASSOCIATION.

ARTICLE THOUGHTPROVOKING WITH A More Militant Motherhood Marba C. Josephson 297 OF LIVING WORTHWHILE ELEMENTS

GIVEN THEIR PROPER PLACE AND VALUE. (church cfeatures:

TELEOF FARNSWORTH STORY THE OLLERTON, WITH FAY VISION—BY AN First AmericanEuropean Broadcast of the Church 270

CARL INTRODUCTION BY DR. F. EYFirst Latterday Saint Mother E. Cecil McGavin 285 SCIENMORMON RING. A YOUNG

TIST, PHILO PRODUCED ONET. OFFARNSWORTH,THE FEW PRACHAS The Story of Our Hymns George D. Pyper 290 of Zion... 273 in the Stakes for TELEVISION. Missionary THE TICAL OF METHODS Work A New Plan

IS OF HIS ACHIEVEMENT STORY Gospel for the Restored Frontier New INSPIRATIONAL. INFORMATIONAL AND Brazil—A

Rulon S. Howells 317

304; Teaching, 299; An On, 298, Ward Church Moves DR. The ONE I AM WITH—BY THE SAVING Aaronic 305; First Presidency, the Important Message From OF THE UTAH HENDERSON W. W.

THIS COLLEGE. Adults, AGRICULTURAL 309; STATE Mutual Priesthood, 306; Messages—Executives, DEYOUTH, TO ARTICLE, DIRECTED 311; Men, the Field, and 312; 310 from Photos M RE309; THE SCRIBES UNFORGETTABLY

313; Juniors, Scouts, 311; Explorers and 311; Gleaners, OPPORTUNITIES SPONSIBILITIES AND

OF THE INDIVIDUAL WITH RESPECT BeeHive, 313.

TO THE ACTIONS OF ALL OTHER INDIVIDUALS.

SHALL WE BE LOYAL TO OUR HERSpecial O/eatures:

DR. JOSEPH ITAGE—BY

OF THE COUNCIL OF THEF. MERRILLTWELVE, Motherhood David O. McKay 269

OF THE PRESIDENT AND EUROPEAN You and Your Mother Clarissa A. Beesley 274 EDITORIAL BRIEF MISSION. IN THIS

AMERICAN THOUGHTFUL A COMMENT IN Those Dionne Sisters C. Frank Steele 275 AT AMERICA OVERSEAS LOOKS

PERSPECTIVE. Exploring the Stratosphere with Captain Orvil A. Anderson Wilburn C* West 276

THE SECOND "STORY OF OUR HYMNS"The Significance of Motherhood Annie Wells Cannon 282

TELLS THE BY GEORGE D. PYPER "A In and Out of Books N. A, Pedersen 286 WHICH UNDER CIRCUMSTANCES

GRIEF"MAN OF POOR WAYFARING THE The George V Trilogy Ramona W. Cannon 292 AND INTO EXISTENCE, CAME

Tribute Y. WHICH CIRCUMSTANCES Joseph Card 294 UNDER A Canadian to George V

IN SIGNIFICANT BECAME 316 Greene of Opportunity T* Marc Land HISTORY. MORMONIT Brazil—A

Tulip Time in Holland Frank L Kooyman 321

Exploring the Universe, 302; On the Book Rack, 303;

EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL Homing,320. 308; Your Page and Ours, 328; Our Advertisers, OFFICES:

SO North Main Street, Salt Lake

City, Utah Copyrght Improvement1932,Associationby the YoungCdrporationMen's Mutualof the CJictton ana LPoetry:

Latterday Saints. Christ of Church of Jesus price, Understanding Mother Vera Hinckley Mayhew 300 reserved. Subscription All rights

Single Copy. year, 20c $2.00 a in advance; (Part L. Bailey 315 3) Walter Mountains City, Moving Salt at the Entered Post Office, Lake

Frontispiece, Helping Poetry: P. SeegHands, by Thelma matter. Acceptance as secondclass Utah,

for mailing at special rate of postage promiller, 266; When God Speaks by Clara H. Park, 281;

October, in section for 1103, of vided Act 2, 1918. authorized 1917, July APioneerLife byMotherZena byChlarson,Christie322.Lund, 284; Poetry Page, 295; is responsible not Improvement Era The

for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes and will exercise care in handling all contributions. cJae Cover:

Pioneer Mother is the title of this sculptured group by Avard Fairbanks, in sculptor. stands This monument a park in Tacoma,

this for subject, Lund, written by ChristieA MAGAZINE FOR EVERY Washington.noted MormonA poemMEMBER OF THE FAMILY on page 284. appears

By THELMA PARK SEEGMILLER Helping

TINY hands all wet and soapy, Reaching over mother's knee, splashes in the dishpan Hands As he

Busy as a lad can be;

Washing, wiping plates and glasses,

Soaking pinafore with glee, Lifting brown eyes fringed with lashes, \\i'Baby helping mother, see!\"

Little feet come flying faster

When he hears the broom's first sweep.

And whichever way the dirt goes,

He must there get down and creep;

With the first "fluff, fluff"of pillow

Comes a bouncing curly head Turning somersaults and cartwheels "Helping mother make the bed/'

Stirring up the cake for dinner,

Hanging out the Monday clothes.

Little hands are slightly soiled now,

And there's black on baby's nose.

Still he must do mother's sewing,

First the needle, then the thread,

While the red lips laugh and chatter, "Helping mother stitch,"they said.

Digging up the favorite flowers,

Picking green fruit from the tree,

Until mother slowly sighing, Takes him up upon her knee;

Sings a lullaby so softly;

Little head against her leans;

Little eyes shut slowly, surely,

Helping mother now in dreams.

Then she breathes a prayer so holy

As she tucks him in his bed, 'Thanks, Dear God, for busy fingers,

Laughing eyes, and curly head.

May his little feet grow stronger,

Working, playing, all he can.

Let me teach him to help others

When he grows to be a man."

One MAN'S MEMORY of an HONORED MOTHER By PRESIDENT the is told this brief story glance at the backward a prophet mother of its this gentle life that In man's sermon. a serene preached and of own HEBER integrity virtue, his honor, independence mother, admirable and of J. GRANT memoryIN

color the pages in a manner which may inspire other mothers and other sons to bring everlasting honor each to the other.

thank the Lord for that mother of mine.

I She was born in New Jersey of noble parents, Caleb Ivins and Edith in five years, to back back listen to false prophets on the come come devoutRidgeway Dutch Ivins—both in ten years, or twenty Sabbath. matand no Quakers, one died when of whom

mother was six and the other when But she became converted to the ter when you come back, the latchshe was nine years old. She was restored Gospel. The men who constring will be out, and affluence and

raised under Quaker influences in verted her were the Prophet Joseph ease will be your portion."

the home of a cousin, in circumSmith himself and Erastus Snow. Later, when poverty became her

stances of comparative luxury and And my mother's brothers who were lot, if she actually had not known comfort; and although it was never wellto-do financially offered to setthat Joseph Smith was a prophet of

required of her to engage in housetle an annuity upon her for life if God and that the Gospel was true, work she became skilled in the arts she would renounce her religion. all she needed to have done was to

of homemaking, and even in the One of her brothers said to her: return east and let her brothers

time of poverty that later filled part "Rachel, you have disgraced the take care of her. But rather than

of the years of her life, she presided name of Ivins. We never want to return to her wealthy relatives in

over her home with serene and warm see you again if you stay with those the East where she would have beenhospitality. awful Mormons,"—this was when amply provided for, with no struggle At the age of sixteen mother she was leaving for Utah—"but,"for herself or her child, she preferred

joined the Baptist Church, with the he continued, "come back in a year, to make her way among those to consent of her relatives. Sometime whom she was more

later, while she was visiting at the strongly attached than home of an uncle in Hornerstown, her kindred who were

New Jersey, she went to a meeting not believers in her faith.

at which the Mormon missionaries And so she sewed, at first were preaching. Subsequently she by hand with a needle and

met the minister of the Baptist thread and later with a church in which she had a pew, and sewing machine, and kept he said: boarders to make a living

"Miss Ivins, you went to hear for herself and her little those awful Mormons. If you go child. Although she had

to hear them again your pew in my been reared in affluence church will be vacant."she adapted herself to con-

I have understood that there is no one on earth so stubborn as a Scotchman, except a Dutchman, and my father was Scotch and my mother Dutch. What the minister

said to my mother got her "Dutch"up, and she said to him:

"My pew is vacant in your church. I shall go to hear these

Mormons, and I shall pray. It may

be that they have the truth."

She told me that when she attended the first Latterday Saint meeting she only went out of curilistenosity or attentively and did not J. prayerfully, but merely went to GRANTPRESIDENTAND HISHEBERMOTHER, please her sister and one of her girl RACHEL RIDGEWAY IVINS friends. That was on a Saturday; GRANT.

but the night after attending her first Mormon meeting on a Sunday she got down on her knees and prayed the Lord to forgive her for doing such a wicked thing as going

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1936

ditions of poverty, and her home live in a house built by charity. I the money to build it, and therefore

was always a pattern of neatness. would be a little pauper, living in not being able to pay it back."

a house not knowing who furnished Bishop Woolley remarked after ]My mother's altered circumone of these interviews with my stances came about by reason mother: "If Widow Grant waits

President nature SERENE of father father's death.of that for to build her my a boy My home THE

left Grant's has mother I old, nine daysdied and is was when will one. the never she have He

this impression man\s upon a life—deep father mother bothmother and was laziest in the Thirteenth boy Ward. not especially since himself he was

to me; and I thank the Lord for a calm by nature and has acquired He spends his time hour after hour

mother who encouraged her son. tranquility of mind in later life only throwing a ball at my barn over the

She raised me with such close care by determined effort. Below are ex back fence of his mother's lot, in-

"Serenity"the chapter on fromthat I learned a rock, cerpts to throw never stead of doing something useful for Thinketh,"by James in "As a Man

I joined a baseball yetand when mother."President fre his Allen, Grant which

club and told mother I was going to quently reads and quotes. In his I think this very remark had a

this President original book copy of to baseballlearn well play enough effect helping stimulating upon me in note in penciled years a ago theto play team that would on a home, mother me to build my win Grantthe as the paragraphs margin, read he the championship of the territory on serenity, that of all the women he which I did before I was twentyone of Utah, my mother encouraged the had ever known, his own mother years of age; and I had the pleasure

ambitions of her son. And when, and her sister, Anthony W. Ivins'of asking Bishop Woolley to dediday after day, I had persisted in serene:mother, were the most calm and cate it. At last he said I was the

coming home from school and throw- "Calmness of mind is one of the hardest worker in the Thirteenth ing a ball at Bishop Woolley's barn beautiful jewels of wisdom. It is the Ward, and he said he would decline

for practice, she would tie up my result of long and patient effort in the honor of dedicating it in favor arm at night with wet cloths because selfcontrol. Its presence is an indiof President Daniel H. Wells, who

it would ache so badly. And I did cationa moreofthanripenedordinaryexperience,knowledgeand ofof was present at the dedication to

play on the team that won the chamthe laws and operations of thought. which my mother had proudly inpionship of the territory, and I have * * * vited her friends.

never played a game of baseball "The calm man, having learned since that purpose was accomhow to govern himself, knows how "Touring those days of poverty others; they, I to to and himself adapt boy was a small whenplished. encouraged mother my me My

spiritual his in turn, reverence friends often entertained mother andin all righteous of and wholemy learn that strength, can they feel and in distinguished guests sometimes ambitions.some him. rely more him upon and The of

On one occasion the bishop came tranquil a man becomes, the greater a most hospitable way. Reminiscing,

into my mother's house when the is his success, his influence, his she once said: "They loved to

ordinary the good. Even for power loved to have them, and come and I roof. the throughrain was coming proshis business will trader find

live I would I Heber and shall Grant, "WidowHe said: a sometimes develops increase as perity he

put a new roof on this house imgreater selfcontrol and equanimity, on very scanty fare that we might mediately, out of the Fast donafor people will always prefer to deal have the greater pleasure of providis demeanor whose with man a to ing share with something goodtions."

equable. friends."our said, strongly not,"Mother you will "No, is always strong, calm man "The dignity quiet spirit of and The here, and when"I sewing have some like is a revered. loved and He

I finish it, it will bring in a few dolshade-giving tree in a thirsty land, or serene selfcomposure characterized lars, and I will buy some shingles a sheltering rock in a storm. 'Who my mother's life. She was an ideal

heart, tranquil not love a does very presence was a homemaker. Her roof in the the placesand mend It life? balanced sweettempered, always had friends restful. She through. is coming the rainwhere it rains or whether not matter does

This old house will have to do until shines, or what changes come to who were proud of her integrity and my boy grows up and builds me a those possessing these blessings, for her devotion to her religion. She

serene, and sweet, they are always faith, and of mighty was a woman one."better

charpoise exquisite of That all cirof patient under endurance I remember is the serenity working twenty long calm.acter which we call

the Church;weeks to get a ten dollar bill—fifty last lesson of culture; it is the flowercumstances. She served

soul. life, to the she son fruitage her the ing devoted of and she to was of going eachcents Saturday—while

is to It be precious wisdom, more in her humility Father before stood I of fourteen. had as aschool boy than even desired than asgold—yea, to the Lord near in Heaven. So that with insurance, and ofheard insignificant mere gold. fine How that in her get prayers she would mother's I insuredten dollars in comparison looks my moneyseeking

inspiration life that dwells a wonderful serene they with were a said: bishophouse. good "My life—a My

in beneath Truth, the ocean of to the to childhood manhood. from me given to havegracious, ought Heber tempests, the reach waves, beyond of I eightieth live year in the today his mother. to dollars tenthat Why, in Eternal Calm! the

life as one whose mother wasif Widow Grant's house were to "'How many people we know of my burn down I would go around this who sour their lives, who ruin all all to me. She set an example of

ward, and she has so many friends that is sweet and beautiful by exintegrity, of devotion and love, and their destroy tempers, plosive who second determination of honor and fortyeight hours I would withinthat character, bad poise make and of that none. a sermon was Her life build to with whichget the money the to It whether blood! is a question

her a better house than the one she great majority of people do not ruin rings through my soul to this day.

now has."their lives and mar their happiness by One of the main reasons I am Prespeople selfcontrol. few of How I is that today ident of the Church of my friends told me this, lack One well ballife are in who we meet counand the advice have followed I said:and exquisite poise that anced, have who

"I can insure my mother's house which is characteristic of the finished sel and the burning testimony of for enough to build another one if character!'the divinity of God, which came

it burns down and I don't care to to me from my mother.

Motherhood By PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

them with an ability characteristic of and inherent in true womanhood, and fill the lives of their darlings with a love that only the yearning soul of such a mother can know.

Such are true mothers, indeed, though part of the experience of motherhood be denied them!

This ability and willingness properly to rear children, the gift to love, and eagerness, yes, longing to express it in soul development, make motherhood the noblest office or calling in the world. It is the greatest of all

PRESIDENT DAVID 0. McKAY professions, the most beautiful of all arts. She who can

paint a masterpiece or write a book that will influence millions deserves the admiration and the plaudits of mankind; but she who rears successfully a family of

is the greatest potential influence healthy, beautiful sons and daughters, whose influenceMotherhood either for good or ill in human life. The mothwill be felt through generations to come, whose immortal

er's image is the first that stamps itself on the souls will exert an influence throughout the ages long unwritten page of the young child's mind. It is her after paintings shall have faded, and books and statues

caress that first awakens a sense of security; her kiss, shall have decayed or shall have been destroyed, dethe first realization of affection; her sympathy and tenserves the highest honor that man can give, and the

derness, the first assurance that there is love in the choicest blessings of God. In her high duty and service

world. True, there comes a time when father takes his to humanity, endowing with immortality eternal spirits,

place as exemplar and hero of the growing boy, and in she is copartner with the Creator Himself.

the latter's budding ambition to develop manly traits, he Womanhood, therefore, should be intelligent and pure outwardly seems to turn from the more gentle and tender because it is the living lifefountain from which flows virtues engendered by his mother. Yet that everthe stream of humanity. She who would pollute that

directing and restraining influence implanted during the stream by tobacco, poisonous drugs, or by germs that first years of his childhood lingers with him and perwould shackle the unborn, is untrue to her sex and an meates his thoughts and memory as distinctively as enemy to the strength and perpetuity of the race.

perfume clings to each particular flower. On the other hand it is every mother's duty and should

In more than one instance in the life of fiery youth, be every mother's inspiration and supreme joy to make it this lingering influence has proved a safeguard in the possible for her children to pay her the tribute that you hour of temptation—an influence greater in its restrainand I, in the words of the prince, can pay to our mothers

ing power than the threat of the law of the land, the speak, "She you society, the fear of or of violating a commandostracism looks as as whole some serene My mother,of whom recklessness the youth youthful of a momentof God. In Creation in the golden minted moods

might defy one or all of these forces, and do what his Of sovereign artists; not a thought, a touch,

hot blood bade, but at the critical moment, the flash of But pure as lines of green that streak the white a mother's confiding trust, the realization of her sorrow Of the first snowdrop's inner leaves."

if he fail to be true to it have given him power to refrain "Happy he from indulgence that might blight his entire career. Thus With such a mother; faith in womankind

Beats with his blood, and trust in all things high "The mother, in her office, holds the key Comes easy to him, and though he trip and fall

Of the soul; and she it is who stamps the coin He shall not bind his soul with clay."

Of character, and makes the being who would be a savage

But for her gentle cares, a Christian man. The laws of life and the revealed word of God combine

Then crown her Queen o'the world."in placing upon motherhood and fatherhood the responsiMotherhood consists of three principal attributes or bility of giving to children not only a pure unshackled

qualities: namely, (1) The power to bear, (2) The birth, but also a training in faith and uprightness. They

ability to rear, (3) The gift to love. are to be taught "to understand the doctrine of repentSome women there are who possess only the first, and ance,baptismfaithandintheChristgift ofthetheSonHolyof theGhostlivingby theGod,layingand onof

Selftherefore, mother. are of unworthy thewho, name of neglect old."eight hands, those years when who To asishly, themselves, passionately, they expressed have this in sin precept heads the example, "the be upon and

life, their physical kind, ofothers plane of low on the of parents."the: 25. ( D. & C. 68 responsibility sacrifice rear for thescorning to and to

their offspring, choking the fountain of love by self and God give the world today, intelligent, devoted, faiththe willful neglect of their children. engendering mothers!

In contrast, there are other women who, denied the power to bear children, adopt some as their own, rear

Salt Lake Tribune Staff Photo.

VIEW OF PART OF THE CONGREGATION IN ATTENDANCE AT ONE OF THE SESSIONS OF THE ONE HUNDRED SIXTH ANNUAL CONFERENCE OF THE CHURCH

IN THE SALT LAKE TABERNACLE, /,PR!L 4, 5, AND 6, 1936

First americaneuropean broadcast of the church, with the first presidency speaking For the first time in its history, and in one of the most significant events in its whole life, the church spoke to the world as a Church in a General Conference during an American-European BROADCAST, SUNDAY, APRIL 5, 1936, TO BEAR SOLEMN

WITNESS OF THE LORD JESUS CHRIST AND HlS LATTERDAY WORK.

TheTabernaclethrongs whoand crowdedTemplethe broadcastEuropean broadcast.or on an AmericanisintoEasternMountainstandardtime ittime.meansConvertedthat the

Square at the third session of This broadcast is a demonstration program was short waved to Europe the One Hundred and Sixth Annual of how the Gospel may be preached from eleven five to eleven thirty

Conference of the Church of Jesus to every living creature. What the a. m. The five minutes which were

Christ of Latterday Saints, Sunday future may hold for the Church in not short waved included the sigmorning, April 5, 1936, were witcarrying out its divinely ordained nature music, the first general intronesses of an AmericanEuropean mission through this means only the duction and the opening hymn. The

broadcast during which for the first Lord Himself now fully sees and three talks of the First Presidency, time in its history, and in one of the understands. on this schedule, would have been

most significant events in its whole Concerning the coverage and transmitted to Europe in full.

life, the Church spoke to the world number of stations releasing this In addition to the appearance of as a Church in a General Conferprogram, which was presented on the Presidency, an outstanding ence. The First Presidency voiced the regularly scheduled Church of feature of the broadcast was the

the message which the Church gave. the Air series, the following telecongregational singing by near ten

Members of the First Presgram has been received from the thousand voices as they joined in the idency have appeared individually Columbia Broadcasting System: opening hymn "How Firm a Foundation,"and later sang one choruson nationwide networks on numer1315 W A New York April 10, 1936ous previous occasions, and Church Evans—KSL: of "An Angel From on High,"the

features have been released preChurch of the Air program April 5 from verse duet of which was sung by short to from one Europe was waved KSL international networks,viously on Elder Claudius and Sister Doty five First of five on. minutes program was

the first testimonybut this congregation Ida Hepworth. was The stations of not. Fiftysix for scheduled were

the Presidency speaking for the this program. closed with the Doxology, in the

Church in General Conference on a Allen. singing of which the radio audience

nationwide American network The time quoted in the above wire was invited to join. In honor of the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1936

memory of the latterday prophet, warned you, and forewarn you, by giving Joseph Smith was sentenced by a court this to martial revelafollowing morning, the shot be you word of wisdom by Smith, Elder HaroldJoseph reGeneral... and Alexander D. Doniphan H. Benuntotion-—immediately Seer"nett sang "The all to to saints fused carry order keep the remember out of his com- "And who

preceding President Grant's address. and do these sayings, walking in obedience manding general, and said that it was coldThe singing was directed by Elder to the commandments, shall receive health blooded murder. This frightened the gen-

J. Spencer Cornwall, Tabernacle in "Andtheir navelshall findand wisdommarrowandto theirgreat bones;treasexpellingeral in commandour peopleof fromthe mob,the statewhichof Miswas

Choir conductor, with Elder Frank ures of knowledge, even hidden treasures; souri; so they imprisoned the prophet and

W. Asper, Tabernacle organist, ac- "And shall run and not be weary, and others in Liberty jail, and while there he

companying. Elder Richard L. shall walk and not faint. received from the Lord one of the most

Evans, Church radio announcer, promise,"And I,thatthe theLord,destroyinggive untoangelthemshalla people,wonderfulregardingrevelationsthe exerciseever givenof the topriestour conducted and announced the propass by them, as the children of Israel, and hood, and I have pleasure in quoting part gram under the direction of the not slay them. Amen."of it:

Church Radio Committee, Elders Another thing that is needed is to main- "We have learned by sad experience

Stephen L. Richards, Melvin J. BaltainI nowthehaveConstitutionpleasure inof readingour country,a declaraand mostthat itallis men,the natureas soonandas dispositionthey get aoflittleallard, and Charles A. Callis. tion by Joseph Smith regarding the Conauthority, as they suppose, they will imWitnessed by the same congregastitution: mediately begin to exercise unrighteous doStates the of Constitution United minion. "The regtion of nearly ten thousand, the

it in the is standard; is founded a glorious "Hence, many are called, but few areular nationwide onehour Sunday chosen.

morning broadcast of the Tabernacle "No power or influence can or ought to choir had concluded at ten thirty be maintained by virtue of the priesthood, a. m., following which the conferonly by persuasion, by longsuffering, by

ence was opened with song and feigned;gentleness and meekness, and by love unprayer, and one speaker presented. "By kindness, and pure knowledge, which

At ten fifty a. m., conference proshall greatly enlarge the soul without hyceedings were interrupted to prepare pocrisy, and without guile

for the Church of the Air broadcast when"Reprovingmoved uponbetimesby the withHoly Ghost;sharpness,and

and instruct the congregation as to the showing forth afterwards an increase of what was expected of them. love toward him whom thou hast reproved,

At eleven o'clock came the signal lest he esteem thee to be his enemy.

to start, and before that memorable is stronger"That hethanmaytheknowcordsthatof thydeath.faithfulness

halfhour had concluded, millions in "Let thy bowels also be full of charity

America and Europe had heard at toward all men, and to the household of the same time the solemn and soulfaith, and let virtue garnish thy thoughts penetrating testimonies of the Lord's strongunceasingly;in the thenpresenceshallofthyGod;confidenceand the docwax

living prophet, Heber J. Grant, and trine of the priesthood shall distil upon thy

his counsellors in latterday Israel, soul as the dews from heaven.

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., and companion,"The HolyandGhostthy sceptershall beanthyunchangingconstant

President David O. McKay. scepter of righteousness and truth; and

President Grant, who spoke last, thy dominion shall be an everlasting dowas introduced as follows: PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT minion,shall flowanduntowithoutthee forevercompulsoryand ever."means it Announcer:—In a brief message directed I quote the eleventh, twelfth, and thirfriendsto the of and Church members and of the of of teenth Faith Articles Church is It of a heavenly banner; God. wisdom listenersto the presiding everywhere, head Saints: Latterday of Christ Jesus is, all it privileged to are those with whoof of Christ the of Latterday Jesus Church privilege of worshiping the claim "We like liberty, of the cooling the sweets shadesSaints, will Grant, President comHeber dictates the to according Almighty God of refreshing great in a waters rock and beliefs the of fundamentalJ. somement on all the allow of conscience, our men and is It like thirsty land. great a a and weary in forth set this Articles as theof Church let privilege, worship how, them same from tree branches under every whose men elsewhere. Presidentof Faith Grant and they or where, may. what the burning shielded clime from be can

The President's message is here raysI readof thefromsun."a Declaration of Belief represidents,"We believerulers,inandbeingmagistrates,subject toin kings,obeygiven in full: garding governments and laws in general, ing, honoring, and sustaining the law.

chaste, true, in honest, being believe "We of general adopted vote unanimous a by In thinking seriously the of economic to in virtuous, doing benevolent, good and of the years assembly ago: 100 over Church thecondition of world, convinced I am

all that indeed, say men; may we we inin that that believewithout the revelation doubt, governments a were book "We believe of Paul: follow the admonition We stituted for ofof benefit the the Doctrine of as Covenants, and man; and known God

all things, all things, have hope we we that for their of holds the the Lord, accountable given Wisdom, men by HeWord able things, to endured hope and be many in relation in earth, acts to of them, theCreator both to heaven Prophet and making all is If there things. anything to endure the for administering them, years laws over ago, Smith and 100 wouldJoseph good

. report or virtuous, lovely, or of good safety society. ofsolve of the only and economic not problems

after things."these seek praiseworthy we believe that country otherour country, can but of government every no "We

testibearing I close remarks by my myif it except in peace, are of the exist framed people such the laws were obeyed by

: I that to the as world I know, I know mony will inviolate to held secure asworld. and each

live, Christ that that Jesus God lives, individual free exercise the of conscience, of Latteaches the Wisdom This Word world, the of Son, the Redeemer who iscamehis of property, control to of Saintsterday refrain from the right and and the use the tea, coffee, tobacco, and liquor, and part protection of life.... to the earth with a divinely appointed

sins of for cross the the to die on it just believe mingle mission to notof as follows: "We do

I that testimony bear mankind. my And civil religious greeting; influence government, with sent not be "Toit reads by commandof I prophet Smith a Joseph was know that is religious fostered society constraint, revelation or one andment whereby but by

the word of wisdom, showing forth the and another proscribed in its spiritual privthe true and the living God.

order and will of God in the temporal salileges, and the individual rights of its memvation of all Saints in the last days—... bers, as citizens, denied."Preceding President Grant, Pres-

"Behold, verily, thus saith the Lord unto The leading officials of the Church ident J. Reuben Clark, Jr., was introyou: In consequence of evils and designs of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints have duced:

which do and will exist in the hearts of been accused of exercising unrighteous doconspiring men in the last days, I have minion, because of the priesthood they hold. Announcer: President J. Reuben Clark,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1936

Jr., First Counsellor to President Grant Mary the Virgin gave birth to Jesus, the It is a principle, the application of

in the First Presidency of the Church of only begotten of the Father, in very deed which promises to supplant discourageJesus Christ of Latterday Saints, will now and fact the son of God; that Jesus was ment and gloom with hope and gladness;

speak on the "Faith, Belief, and Knowlcrucified upon the cross; that he was buried to fill life with contentment and peace

edge of this Church concerning Jesus and lay in a tomb till the morning of the everlasting. This being true, its acceptChrist."President Clark third day when he was verily resurrected ance would indeed be a boon today to this

is, spirit his his and depressionridden distracted world. Why dead—that

the rose The full text of President Clark's bodyfrom thereunited from and he tomb so then a thing and nations ignore do men message is given here: a perfect, glorified, living soul; that thus precious?

fall Christ I for faith, belief, atoned state from to which Adam's the the wish and truth, in stateIs the the paradoxical is all will, redeemed, that resothe of Saints Latterday man the and knowledge men life it,"find "losing one's to ment, so of that reason resurrected atonement, by of be Nazareth. Jesus

it? that elusive cannot mankind grasp Or is, spirit the literally perof the and every body accept words of John—thatgardingWe it is conflict for in struggle the with so into will the son time at born the Christ: worldconcerning beginning the some "In

it impractical? that consider men after in death, the the existence of the course and due the with andwas was Word, Word

God, and the Word was God."Lord, be reunited, thus fulfilling Paul's sayEven so, the fact remains that He who

ing: "As in Adam all die, even so in Christ is "the way, the truth, and the life"has

shall all be made alive."herein set forth an immutable law, obediWe believe that except for this atoneence to which will ameliorate those social

ment of Christ for the fall of Adam, man and economic conditions in which "Man's would, through all the eternities, have reinhumanity to man makes countless thoumained under the penalty of the mortal and sands mourn."

spiritual death brought upon the human Specifically stated, this law is: "We live

family by Adam. our lives more completely when we strive

We thus believe Christ to be in the to make the world better and happier. The

full, true, literal fittest sense, and of the the most nature—survival

all of Creator the world, of the of one at the sacrifice Godhead, the law—is ofselfpreservationpure

the only begotten of the Father, the Son else; but in contrast to this law of pure

of God, the promised Messiah, the first spiritual life is: Deny self for the good

fruits of the resurrection, the redeemer of of others.

theWeworld.believe that some 1800 years after SaintsThe Churchaccepts ofas JesusfundamentalChrist ofthisLatterdaylaw of

the Son's death and resurrection, the Father life. Faithful members thereof are conand the Son, two glorified personages havvinced that only in its application can true

ing human form, appeared to a boy fourhappiness be found, or truly great character teen years of age, even as the Lord came be developed; and they believe with Emerof old to the child Samuel in the Temple; son that "character is higher than intellect

that the Father, pointing to the Son, said: live as fit to will as well great soul be

is "This Son, hear Him;"my beloved also, safety the them, and and—ato think."To

that the Son, responding to the lad's inquiry perpetuity of our nation depend upon the as to which of the many sectarian creeds character building, lawabiding individual.

in the heart of every true PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. waswas right,right, andtold thatthe helad shouldthat nonejoin ofnonethemof Therefore,

them.

The Christ has declared in our own day: We believe that through the instrumen-

"I was in the beginning with the Father, tality of this same lad, Joseph Smith, grown and am the firstborn."to maturity, the Lord restored to earth

We also accept John's declaration that the true Gospel and the Priesthood of God

Jesus Christ was the creator of the world, which had been taken from the earth bethat "all things were made by him; and cause of the transgressions of men.

without him was not anything made that Hundreds of thousands of Latterday was made."Saints, living and dead, have proclaimed

We believe that in a great council of their absolute knowledge of the truth of

Heaven held before the world was, Satan every declaration I have made; some of

proposed one plan for creating and ruling them have sealed their testimonies with the world and its progeny, and that Christ a martyr's blood. To the testimony of the

proposed another, that Satan's plan was humblest of all these, I wish in humility rejected, as taking away the agency of man, to add my own.

and Christ's was accepted as keeping man'sagency. President David O. McKay was

We believe that in obedience to the plan the first speaker, and was introduced

Christ created the world and all that in it with these words:

is, first spiritually, temporally, then and first speaker today Announcer:—The this inthat of creation work became He will President be second David O. McKay, three of Trinity of Greatone personages

in President to First Counsellor the Grant the Father, Son, and Godhead—thethe—the the Presidency of Church. Mormon Thethe Ghost. Holy subject his of address: "Happiness and that this believe following creation We self PRESIDENT DAVID 0. McKAY strength character losing of come by the time himself time from to Lord showed for of others."the President good McKay in either to vision, in man, or person or

in dream or by speech, beginning with President McKay's address folLatter-day Saint the voice of the Lord is later to and Enoch, thisAdam, Noah, Abraham, revelation: whispering recorded lows: ever

Daniel, othersMoses, Samuel, and on the the of souls is great worth "Remember eastern hemisphere, and to many prophets All mankind desire happiness. Many in the sight of the Lord.

on the western continents; in one of the also strive sincerely to make the most and "And if it so be that you labor all your

most glorious theophanies of all time, the best of themselves. Surprisingly few, days, and bring save it be one soul to me,

Lord showed himself, before His birth, to however, realize that a sure guide to such how great shall be your joy in the Kingdom the brother of Jared, the man of greatest achievement may be found in the following of my Father."

faith of His time, saying: "Because of thy declaration by Jesus of Nazareth, "WhoWith this end in view, 50,000 men and

faith thou hast seen that I shall take upon soever will save his life shall lose it: And women, serving willingly without salary,

me flesh and blood. Behold this body, whosoever will lose his life for My sake offer every week to over 500,000 children

which ye now behold, is the body of my shall find it."and youth, instruction and guidance in

spirit; and even as I appear unto thee to be This significant passage contains a secret character building and spiritual growth. In

in spirit will I appear unto my people in more worthy of possession than fame or addition to this army of officers and teachthe flesh."dominion, something more valuable than ers, 185,000 men ordained to the priesthood

We believe that in the meridian of time all the wealth of the world. have accepted the obligation to devote their

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1936

time and talents as far as possible to the scattering of sunshine, joy, and peace A NEW PLAN FOR MISSIONARY their fellowmen.among

In all such efforts these men and women the ideals ofare but actuated the high by WORK IN THE STAKES OF ZION century nineteenth of the who,prophet

Era, edited for the Improvement and said: (Submitted give Christ, the statement to which our approval the of teachingsexemplifying

Smith) Fielding Joseph by orreference to the to"If have of you made with no value my friends, my life is it's of no value to me."ganization and direction of the work, modiNever was there a time in the history of Tn response to invitation, on March fied as hereinafter submitted.

the world when the application of this 1 12, 1936, the First Council of Sevprinciple needed. Therefore more was the Council letter to transmitted let enty a of this to object be do That the work

the over worldsincere and men women stakes Zion. the of within missionary of the recommendawork which Twelve in feelings effort to supplant earnestunite in

of selfishness, hatred, animosity, greed, by tions were made concerning the estabII.

the law of service to others, and thereby lishment and carrying forward of misThat a mission be organized in each promote the peace and happiness of mansionary work in the stakes of Zion. stake of Zion and that the general superkind. The recommendations contained in this vision thereof be given to the First Council

In response to this historymaking letter were discussed and approved by of the Seventy. III.

broadcast statements of appreciation the Council of the Twelve, and, with That the First Council of the Seventy are still arriving from members and modifications, were forwarded to the operate directly through the presidencies of nonmembers of the Church, of First Presidency in a letter dated stakes.

which the following quoted excerpts Marchtion for21,approval,1936, withwhicha recommendaletter was That the immediateIV. charge of the misare typical: prefaced with this paragraph: sion shall be given to a mission president

Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. who should preferably be a Seventy but

New York, April 6, 1936. "We, the Council of the Twelve, respectmay be a High Priest. In case the most

Dear President Grant: fully recommend that the missionary work desirable man for this position be an Elder,

Permit me to express my appreciation in the stakes of Zion be more fully organhe must first be ordained a Seventy before and that of the Columbia Broadcasting ized than it is at the present time. We appointment. The mission presidents shall

System for the excellent broadcast which suggest the following program as a basis be recommended by the stake presidency, the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday for said proposed organization, the First after consultation with the local council

Saints presented on our Church of the Air Council of Seventy concurring."or councils of Seventy, and approved by

series yesterday. We are most grateful the First Council.

PresiPresidentto to Clark you, and and V. to this response In recommendation

this in for participationdent your McKay, missionaries to the employed be That to the First Presidency wrote Countheprogram. that preferably Seventies High but be cil date the of under Twelve, of March It as cooperation such you is through serve. to Priests called be and women may as follows: 23, 1936, the in this instance, in as as wellextended are missionaries that prospective Also who

to ablepast, our present that to are we training taking courses missionary be used 1936. 23, March religious in thought leadersaudience the to experience. give them President Clawson, Rudger the country.throughout VI. of the Council Twelve, The courtesy. for thank your you Again disinto the mission be divided President That Clawson: Dear Sincerely,

tricts district presidents, preover in which submitted your recommendations The (Signed) R. Murrow, Edward ferably appointed. Seventies letter misbe regarding 21, 1936, of March Talks. Director of Radio

in Zion, of stakes the sionary which work VII.

Dr. Herman L. Kretschmer, emirecommendations you say are concurred That report forms be prepared by the

First of Seventy, meet the Council by First the of Seventy which Council upon an innent surgeon who performed are hearty approval, with and our you activities the missionaries the reported of be sevoperation President Grant on into operation to authorized put hereby will president mission to the weekly who writes ago, Chicagoeral years from outlined. therein the program First report the stake to to Council the and

as follows: Referring to the third and fourth items president monthly.

First letter, that in the recommend your we in the dialed accident on Quite by we VIII.

directly through of operate Council Seventy fine reception andTabernacle. was The calls service for missionary be made That

that the stakes, presidencies of the and I tell heard a I have cannot when you presidents consultaafter the of stakes by the presidents mission recommended be by finer yours. singing talk than was The tion of local the Council with Bishops and

"stake the rather presidency than stake... bywonderful. First the forms prepared Seventy upon by

president."Street, all Superior 184 called missionaries Council. so That

feel plan, this that assured when We 1936. Pa., 6, April Pittsburgh, call entails to that the be understand made to great will operative, impetus fully give Richard Evans, full allMr. regulamissionary compliance with

Zion. in the stakes of missionary the work L., S. K.Announcer, faithful tions cheerful response and and

brethren, Sincerely your Salt City. all Lake to assignments.

Dear Sir: Yesterday, it was my privilege THE FIRST PRESIDENCY, The stake mission presidents, after conBy listen to the splendid of to your broadcast shall sultation stakes, of presidents be with

(Signed) Grant Heber of the splendid church, annual meeting your missionaries. to releases to authorized grant

(Signed) O.J. David McKay of leading three the addresses members by IX.

let I also, also church, the that say me detail the further the of That program broadcasts. regular enjoy your Sunday 24, of date under Accordingly March left First will to of be the Council, who

truly, very Yours the of wrote the 1936, Council Twelve collaborate course presidents, stake with

Ellis, Rigdon. of Sidney Grandson S. M. A subject, First of Seventy to to the of a however, Council the approval Coun808 9th Ave., So., letter containing the slightly modified cil of Twelve Apostles.

Fariboult, Minnesota, April 5th.. recommendations, which letter appears We desire to commend the First Council

Dear Friends of Radio Station K. S. L.: in full below, and constitutes the plan of Seventy on the comprehensive outline

for Saints, the prepared just which they Latterday have work. few have We, a We Presidency the First approved by now should to receive reports listened pleased to of of addresses the our Conference be

in the for conducting missionary work it shall progress point leaders to conand beloved our to a add make and we wish humble testimonies to those we heard. We stakes of Zion: fer with the council periodically with refalso hear and love the Choir every Sunday erence to this important undertaking.

morning and that voice from the crossroads To the First Council of Seventy, With best wishes for success, we are of the west. We thank you all for the Dear Brethren: Very sincerely your brethren,

wonderful programs and hope that they will We have given consideration to your THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE, continue. Thank you. letter of March 12, 1936, concerning the By

Your Friends, establishment and carrying forward of misRudger Clawson (Signed)

Mr. and Mrs. John T. Wohlford and family. sionary work in the stakes of Zion. We President

AND YOUR OU before the lamps MOTHERDusk—just were lighted. A cheery fire

on the hearth; the table set

for the evening meal. Curled up on By CLARISSA A BEESLEYthe oldfashioned in the sofa window, waiting for the others to come,

a gentlefaced mother and a small, chubby girl of four. This was the

hour when she sang to the small listener. Old ballads they were,

with a tender charm all their own mother was a good deal of anxiety "Annie Laurie,""Robin Adair,"as to how bravely her "little woman"and, best of all, "Highland Lad."would make this venture and there

Eagerly the little girl waited for the was a good deal of loneliness, too, words, "Oh, where and oh where as she left you with the new teacher has your Highland Laddie gone?"and realized that the first separation

and rapturously she would exclaim, had come.

"Mother, I know you are the beautiAnd then those other wonderfulfullest singer in the whole world!"days of your childhood—the glamor

This might have been you and of Christmas, your birthdays as they vital differences between sixteen your mother. Perhaps the setting came and went, the day of your and forty even if some young peointo the baptism ple think are. there help different love the the but andwas Why not Church—great events you in which and your mother your to mother understand your In the those same.sympathy were

shared. taking younger her with life by you just theearly days world was when

After that it seemed but a short hall, in imagination to the the dance foropening you, as two were you one. Your first consciousness was time until you were in your 'teens outing, the party? Let her share

of your mother's love. How she and a woman yourself. vicariously your recreational pleascherished you, her baby daughter! ures. Why not decide together,

It may be true that mothers are \X7lTH ADOLESCENCE COmes SO "What would I do should this probprouder of their boys and that every much, so much of new insight lem, or this, or this arise?"Such a

woman, as Barrie says, wants her into life, so much of contact with procedure would allay your mother's first born to be a son, but it is equally new experiences, new pleasures. If anxiety and would fortify you tretrue that there is a peculiar tenderthis period has brought change to mendously in meeting actual situness in the tie that binds her to the you it has brought change and adations. There is something in speaklittle girl who is fashioned in her justments no less to your mother. ing aloud the words, "I will,"or

own image, who will one day be a It must have been hard for her to "I will not do this or that,"that that fact to the awaken you were no strengthens spirmorally one and hopes Shewoman "little girl"for longer her she whom itually. will they she twohow likehopes—thatherself. detail of each food must plan and truest sense, in the tries companionsbe to see mother As your

that this new being will understand of clothing and whose daily doings youth's modern view point, try yoursome things that no man, however she must carefully supervise. self to see hers regarding those funwise and good, can quite underYou are often away from her now, damental principles which have ever

stand. perhaps, and she is naturally conmade for human happiness. ModerGo back in memory through the cerned as to how you are meeting ation in pleasure, cleanliness and

years. Were you one of the misthe varying situations which come purity of body and mind, honor, love

chievous, tomboy kind who distractup every day. She is constantly of home and children, love of God

ed the entire household with your asking herself if you have the necesand the consciousness that His mental equipment, physical and or escapades werepranks you sary and are the watchcare is over you—these character of to steady the strength quiet, little missthe needed shy enduring qualities who which will make

bringing forward? Whichever you you over the hard places. your life beautiful. She will help

were, it was your mother most of How happy is she and how foryou to hold on to these and with all who understood, who chided or tunate are you if, as of old, the two her devotion and the blessing of praised, held you back or encourof you can find some quiet corner, your Heavenly Father you will aged. Your first prayers she taught perhaps on the couch at dusk, when travel safely through this fascinatyou, your ideas of God and heaven the firelight or low turned lamps are ing, joyous time of youth.

and life she helped you to form. enfolding the room and you in their

Do you recall that first morning soft glow, and give each other once You and your mother! Always

you went to school? You did not more your confidences! think of her as the loveliest comknow it but in the heart of your After all there are not so many rade, the best pal in the whole world.

World Copyright, 19$6, N, E. A. Service, Inc.

MARIE ANNETTE EMIUE YVONNE CECILE

realize at that once what means in them the newswe hadFirst five one! feeding rather than babies papers, radio, then on the and

that is only part of the story. now in the movies. For those THOSE And

baths, five maniof it—fiveDionne Emelie, Think sisters—Annette, five airings, cures, five wardrobes Cecile,Yvonne, and Marie—are five everything! Quintuplets'Thejust about the celebrated most two nurses have plenty of work.youngsters in the world not exceptDIONNE

ing England's Princess Elizabeth or Fivethirty or six o'clock in the morning finds them busy with the dailyAmerica's Shirley Temple. We have in this universal acclaim SISTERS keepplansrightfor ontheirgoingcharges,until "lightsand out"they

of the Dionne quintuplets a salute and deep night falls over the Onto babies. of The miracle tario hinterland and its wonder their By C. FRANKbirth, the achievement of Dr. Allan babies.

Dafoe, the country doctor of CalSTEELE The routine of the Dionne babies'lander, in keeping the mites alive; lives is carried on as cheerfully as

their first two years of life at their it is intelligently. The babies'habits

governmentbuilt hospital, a stone's One of The Improvement are carefully directed, of course, yet throw from the rude, farm cottage Era's Canadian correspondthey are not spoonfed, cuddled, or where they were born; their cunning ents, C. Frank Steele, here spoiled. They are growing upi

antics in the news reels, and their TELLS THE CURRENT FACTS CONnaturally, healthily, and are as playequally cunning gurgles over the CERNING Canada's famous quinful as kittens. The cool competence AS tuplets THEY THE APPROACH this has been made the subimportant played of science has anair—all their lives, twoyear of markject of of reams newspaper and role of the "Quints."in the drama

magazine writing. For the "Quints"which occurs May 28, 1936. Yet it must be said that those who

became front page news overnight. have been entrusted with their welPerhaps never have babies come fare have shown great tenderness,

into such fame. Doctors, editors, born in the merry month of May for loving care can be given even inand motion picture directors searchMay 28, 1934, to be exact—which a germproof nursery and under

ed the records for a parallel. They means that this month they become rigid scientific discipline.

couldn't find one. The "impossible"two years old. Their second birthThis institutionalized care of the

had happened. The story of the day will not be marked by "personal Quints has been criticized, as has

stork's sensational visit to the appearances"in great cities where been the placing of the babies under

Dionne home was an epic. And the their first screen feature is showing, the wing of the Ontario government.

five famous sisters were set for staralthough this was the hope of many But it must be said in connection dom from the start. Storming an exhibitor. On the contrary, the with this business of "quintupletHollywood, these winsome starlets vigilant Dr. Dafoe and the other raising"that the government acted

who came into the world, as Dr. guardians of the babies are seeing in the best of faith. It was mindful

Dafoe says, "dusky, blueskinned, to it that no such risks are taken. first of the health of the babies.

and spiderlimbed,"are causing milTheir precious wards will celebrate Then it desired to protect the chillions to take new interest in babyat their Callander home and the dren against unscrupulous commerhood. The blase modern world has "party"will be planned with the cial exploitation, and to save for

not lost its love of children. The utmost care. It will include an order them and their education such revCallander "Quints"have demonreading something like this: "Dinenue as might accrue from photostrated that fact. ner for five, please, James."graphic rights, cinema contracts, and

The starryeyed "Quints"were Mothers, as they read this, will {Concluded on page 320)

Exploring the stratosphere WITH CAPT. ORVIL A. ANDERSON

By WILBURN C WEST

Nearly two miles higher than man had ever gone before, is the achievement of captain anderson, pilot of stratosphere balloon explorer ii, in a flight sponsored by the United States Army and the National Geographic

Society. It is a thrilling story, but the story of a lifetime

of consistent preparation and a long record of lesser accomplishments, if less spectacular, is no less remarkable.

Official Photograph, U. S. Army Air Corps

CAPTAIN ORVIL A. ANDERSON

balloon Explorer II on November loon School in Omaha, Nebraska, 11, 1935, was sponsored by the and, after the Armistice, became experiences one Utah of man THE United to the attached and the NaStates Army piloted the world's largest who tional alSociety. Geographic Company. The A littleSixtyfirstlater heAirshipwas to the "ceiling balloon the sky"of

ace here dramatically described by titude attained was approximately given command of the company.

another C. man, West, Wilburn Utah fourteen miles to the time he two took command Up miles—nearly interviewer Captain writer and of higher Sixtyfirst the record. than of the any previous Company

native Anderson. Mr. of West is a Ogden, Utah, a former secretary of On the occasion of presenting the

the Eastern States Mission, and a Hubbard Gold Medal to Captain former scholarship student of the Anderson for this service, General present University the Utah. of At said: "You, John Cap- J. Pershing time resides in Washington, he D. G,

this tain Orvil piloted A. Anderson, is District he where a member of the

of Columbia Bar and is engaged also aerial laboratory nearly two miles in editorial work with the National higher than man has ever flown beGeographic Society. The author, fore, and you brought to earth this

formerly a member of the George unique cargo of scientific instruUniversity debating Washington team for three years, now is also ments as safely and as gently as if

Washington Correspondent for they had descended in an elevator."

official organ World Radio, of the But this spectacular and worldBritish Corporation, Broadcasting

London. Both the writer and the subacclaimed performance, dramatic

ject, Wilburn C. West and Captain details of which are recounted later

Orvil A. Anderson, are members of in this article, is only one of CapChrist the Church of Jesus of Lattertain Anderson's remarkable accomarticle Saints. describes not This day

only the worldacclaimed, recordplishments. And a few paragraphs

making stratosphere flight, but also devoted to the lifetime of preparathe colorful steps in the career of tion that led up to this achievement

Captain Anderson which lead up to would not be spent amiss.

tliat achievement.

Captain Anderson was born at Springville, Utah, May 2, 1895, the son of James Anderson and Jensene

Piloting the world's largest balHanson Anderson. He attended the

loon to the highest altitude man local grammar school, the Springhas ever attained is the ville High School, and Brigham National Geographic Society

left, and Captain Stevens, Captain Albert W.

pilot,achievement of Captain Orvil A. Young University. He enlisted in Orvil and A. Anderson, commander

Anderson, a native of Springville, the army during the war, and has tively on the stratosphere flight, shown just respecbefore

Utah, former student at Brigham since made aviation not only his theSouthtakeDakota.off fromCladthe instratobowlheavy garmentsnear Rapidto protectCity,

Young University and a member of work, but his hobby. them against the severe cold of the stratosphere,

the Church of Jesus Christ of LatShortly after his enlistment in theof theirflyersgondola,are readyshownto climbbehindintothem.the openTo portholethe left

terday Saints. 1917, he served as balloon obserabovebreak theis thefall giantof the80footgondolaparachutein case designedof accidentto

The flight, made in stratosphere vation instructor at the Army Balto the balloon.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1936

United States Army had never where Count Ferdinand von Zepimperative. Here there was no one

owned a dirigible. When officials pelin had built the world's first airon the ground to seize drag ropes

of the War Department decided ship factory, ship after ship had and steady the descent. Captain

that the army should experiment been lost. In the fall of 1922, LieuAnderson valved out enough gas to

with this type of craft, Captain Antenant Anderson and seven other bring the craft to earth. When the

derson transferred the Sixtyfirst men were assigned to fly the C-2 car slung beneath the bag struck

Airship Company from Omaha to from Langley Field, Virginia, across the ground, a propeller was crushed.

Langley Field, Virginia, where he the United States to California and It gashed an eightfoot hole in the set up an organization to receive and back. For this trip Captain Anderbag, out of which hydrogen began

care for airships. There he helped son was named pilot and navigator to escape. Had the men been less

organize the Army Airship School, of the largest and finest dirigible careful, an explosion would have and remained on the teaching staff then in the army service, for the blown craft and crew to bits.

until July, 1922, when he successmost ambitious dirigible flight the Quickly the men roped the ship to fully flew the A-4, the army's first army had yet undertaken. sagebrush. Fortunately, the wind

nonrigid training ship, to Scott was light, and not strong enough to

Field, Illinois. Undoubtedly, the Tt was in every sense a pioneering buffet the ship and break the ropes

efficient manner in which he handled project, this transcontinental trip. or tear out the roots of the brush.

this undertaking had much to do The fliers hoped to survey the counWhile gas was still pouring out, with the next important assignment try for an airship route across the the men cemented a patch over the that came to him. United States, to locate emergency hole. Before the leak could be stopThat was back at about the time landing fields for airplanes and ped, however, about 15,000 cubic

when that intrepid "dawn to dusk"dirigibles, and to demonstrate the feet of hydrogen escaped, greatly flier from Logan, Lieutenant Russell capabilities of ships lighter than air. lessening the ship's lifting power.

Maughan, another Mormon boy, All went well on the trip from Then they repaired the fuel lines, was streaking his Curtis biplane Virginia to Ross Field, California. so that, under the power of a single

through the skies to fame by breakBut on the return, as the silver ship motor, the craft pulled off. All

ing the world's speed record at nosed its way across the desert, equipment and three members of the two hundred fortyeight miles an high over the sands of Arizona, crew were left behind to reduce the hour. But another Utah youth, trouble developed in the fuel lines. load. Only about an hour and a

Captain Anderson, was then winSpurts and sputters interrupted the half elapsed between the forced ning his spurs with craft lighter steady drone of the two motors. To landing and the takeoff. In that

than air. the crew's dismay, they found the hour and a half, Captain Anderson,

In those days "blimps"were allines could not be repaired in the air. with fellow members of the crew,

most wholly in the experimental A few minutes later the engines performed a feat that stands alone stage. No one knew how they died. There was no alternative; a in aviation history. It is probably

would perform on long journeys. landing had to be made. the only time that airship fliers,

Few American fliers had experience For a dirigible's safe landing or forced to land, have effected a major with them. Even in Germany, takeoff, a ground crew is almost repair and taken off again successThis photograph of the Explorer II was

taken on the day of the recordbreaking flight by Master Sergeant G. B. Gilbert,

from an airplane piloted by Captain H. K.

Baisley which followed the balloon. The

tiny white speck below the huge bag is the spherical gondola which housed the crew and more than a score of scientific instruments.

National Geographic Society

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1936

He had tried to bring the craft ill, and whose very life depended down several times, but because of upon an emergency operation. He

a fortymile-anhour wind was unflew to the field and landed, but the successful. Once, as he hovered woman was not there. Upon making

the ship over a landing field, the inquiry, he learned that she had ground crew grasped the drag ropes taken ill eighty or one hundred miles to bring the blimp to earth. But from the airport and was being

before it could be lowered, a gust brought to the field by ambulance.

of wind swept it upward, jerking Captain Anderson took off in his the ropes out of the men's hands. plane immediately and flew over the

The craft floated on for hours, road until he met the ambulance, buffeted by the gale, and darkness some sixty miles away. He landed

overtook the men. Shortly after in a rice field at the side of the highmidnight Captain Anderson heard way and transferred the patient to

the wind whistling through trees far the plane. They arrived at the hosbelow. Listening carefully, he conpital four hours earlier than would

cluded the rustling came not from have been possible had the pilot a few trees only, but from many. waited at the airport for the amThen came the thought: "Why not bulance. A week or so later, Capland in the forest, using the tree tain Anderson received a letter of

tops as a cushion?"commendation from his superior ofIn order to lessen their load and ficer, General Douglas MacArthur.

reduce the hazards of such an atThe operation was successful and tempt, the crew tossed out by imthe woman recovered.

provised parachutes all of their The Utah Captain was the first equipment except a fire extinguisher man ever to anchor an airship in the or two, and some tools. It was so open sea. In June, 1933, he took

dark they could not see below, but command of the TS13, a nonrigid the pilot valved out gas to descend. coast patrol ship, and ran service

When he judged he was nearing the tests with it for about six months.

trees, Captain Anderson urged the During this period, he designed a other men to cling fast to the car canvas sea anchor with which he so they would not be shaken out if successfully anchored the ship many it turned over as it struck. As it times at sea.

trees, brushed the the National Society Geographic pulled crew In the spring of Captain 1934, OF OUT THE INTO STRATOBOWL AND THE rip the cord. craft settled into The SUNLIGHT in aerial part took another Anderson the branches, itself anchoring about balloon The II Explorer of the National GeoStates. of the survey United WithflraphicArmy Air Corps Stratosphere Fliuht just seventyfive off eighty or feet the

itsafter takeoff, it as emerged from the of shadows Kepner, he E. Major William

the ground! snowcovered four trees natural in Next day bowl had Hills the Black of for suitable a place sought makingSouth and Dakota entered first the rays of the early to be to chopped lower downmorning sun. Below is the balloon takeoff the rino flight balloon into stratosphere. the a the

theon floor of the its bowl circle with of flood lights. blimp.

the rightTo tents are the location and buildings to which from be housed one The had In 1923scientists, soldiers Captain flight and staff Anderson was during the float craft several the which could weeks of waiting for favorable weather. six temporarily pilot as employed of the

miles the hundred with and wind Shenandoah. of his But one most still it land over be down. came when important assignments in 1925. came place protected to from had be The

of Chief The selected the Air Corps winds, balloon ground for a huge him to run tests service on the not RS-1 could while being be inflated fully. At El Paso, Texas, the brisk billowed breezes. by They next thethis onlycountry,semirigidand shipthe everlargestbuiltoneinstop, permanent repairs the spot in Hills were found just made. the Black ever operated the army. by Captain of miles Dakota, a South from few In that year, same 1922, Captain to test Anderson asked ship the was natural City. bowl, large Rapid AAnderson twice was commended by all under of kinds cliffs rising surrounded four hunbythe of Chief the Air Corps. Army conditions, A thoroughly,weather to and a make fifty to four seventy dred hundredrecent bulletin of the Air Corps says report, telling whether or not he feet protecgive high ample would firstthe occasion for "the was credit thought advisable for the army tion the from wind.itable in manner which he performed to build force of a ships. up such

his duties as a member of the crew He ran the tests for a year and a With the place of takeoff selectof the Airship C-2 on its round trip half, at the end of which time he ed, further preparations for a flight transcontinental flight,"and the recommended against acquiring adwere soon under way, and on the other "for his skill and courage in ditional ships of that type. No morning of July 28, 1934, Major

successfully landing, with but minor semirigid craft has since been conKepner, Captain Albert W. Stevens,

damage, and with no injury to any structed in America. and Captain Anderson took off for

member of the crew, a pony blimp the stratosphere. Their balloon,

during the course of a flight from "\\7hile on duty a few years ago in Explorer I, was the largest conScott Field, Illinois, to Bynum, Alathe Philippine Islands, 1928structed up to that time, capable of bama. Unable to land the blimp 29, Captain Anderson was chosen holding three million cubic feet of

due to unforseen high wind and to fly a plane to a landing field gas. They soared upward to 60,613

motor failure, Captain Anderson eighty miles north of Manila and feet above sea level. At that point,

successfully effected a rip landing."bring back an officer's wife who was a rip in the bag, which had expanded

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1936

to its full capacity because of defind and repair all tiny flaws. By

creased atmospheric pressure outmeans of electric lights held under side, forced them to begin to dethe cloth, they X-rayed it thorscend. The tear grew larger and oughly. An entire new top, twice

larger until one whole side of the as strong as the original, was inbag was open. The remaining fabric serted.

served somewhat as a parachute for In Washington, D. C, scientists

a time, and the gallant crew deterof the National Bureau of Standards mined to stay aboard as long as and officials of the National Geopossible. graphic Society conferred with the

As they neared the earth, what balloonists to determine why the bag hydrogen yet remained in the bag broke. They concluded the rip

exploded, literally blowing out the panel was at fault. This is the intop. The hollow metal ball, or gonstrument that "rips"open the bag

dola, that enclosed the fliers plunged to free the gas just as the balloon earthward at tremendous speed. To lands so that the gondola will come

save their lives, the three men to a dead stop and not be jounced jumped out with parachutes. As the along the ground. A panel of new

gondola crashed, many of the delidesign was inserted in the repaired cate instruments taken aloft were balloon.

destroyed. For their heroic efforts

preparations comwere ship, the to save the men were npHOUGH proper October first, pleted by Distinguished the withdecorated

Flying Cross. weather for a flight did not occur

until six weeks later. In the meanHPheir second attempt to conquer time snow fell. The ground crew,

the stratosphere was made last living in tents, became restless.

July, one year after the first. Major Then came word to inflate. On

Kepner found it impossible to take Sunday, November 10, 1935, Cappart, and Captain Anderson became tain Randolph P. Williams, meteoropilot, instead of alternate pilot, of logical officer for the Expedition, anthe new balloon, Explorer II. It nounced that during the next

was larger by seven hundred thoutwenty-four hours there would be sand cubic feet than the Explorer I. very little wind over the huge natural

The Explorer II, the largest balloon bowl out of which the balloon was ever built, had a capacity of three to rise. Better still, the sky would

million seven hundred thousand be almost cloudless over a large area cubic feet. The bag measured one so that observations and photohundred fifteen thousand eight hungraphs could be made from the balNational Geographic Society

flight. the during feet, fortyfive or square two loon dred THE TAKEOFF HOUR AFTER men, mostly ONE four hundred Nearly fabric. of acres twothirds Theand

of the balloon The gondola weight of the bag, gondola, instrusoldiers from Fort Meade, worked photographed from an armyExplorerairplaneII ments, and crew was fifteen thouall night in nearzero weather to after it had been in the air one hour.

sand and two pounds. get everything ready for takeoff. The balloon, the bottom of which can be

feet seen, sixteen three towered hundred shape the balloon "grew up"in the The explosion, avoid another To into of takeoff, the but air at the time the gas as of a giant mushroom craft with inflated the monstermen in the expanded gas the upper atmosphere helium rather than hydrogen, alpoured in. Thirtysix ropes, attachand rounded out the huge bag into a perthrough the lifting power of helium ed near the top of the bag, held it fect sphere. On the right of the gondola

seen the metal of be on the end arm solcan inflation. in Three during place is that of hydroas so great not quite

fan, which small motordriven a was which each line. to diers assigned were into long gen. poured gas All night served rotate to balloon the that so

the bag from hundreds of metal conTwo held it fast while the third scientific instruments in the gondola could tainers stacked in the bowl. At warmed himself and received inbe pointed in various directions. This

photograph was taken Master by Sergeant fire. Scienat a structions nearby just craft stood poised as the dawn,

piloted B. Gilbert airplane G. an from by inthe rechecked tists checked and point exclamation like a mighty Captain Baisley K. followed H. which the

etched against the cliffs beyond, the struments while photographers, balloon.

fabric tore at the top. The helium newsreel cameramen, and radio

rushed heavenward; the magnificent technicians bustled from one task to

thing collapsed. More than two another.

acres of rubberized cloth fell to the Next morning at seven o'clock ground, almost trapping several men (M. S. T. ), the balloon, nearly two denly the twenty thousand shivering

beneath its smothering folds. hundred feet in diameter, towered spectators who lined the cliffs of the

Again disappointment. But no three hundred sixteen feet in the bowl to watch the takeoff held their

sooner had the bag fallen than Capair,—about as high as a modern breaths, for it seemed the ship,

tain Stevens and Captain Anderson twentyfive story skyscraper. With struck by a downrushing current

sought a way to try again. The men and instruments aboard, at 7:01 of air, would be driven into the

fabric was shipped from the site of a. m., M. S. T., Captain Anderson mountainside. Quickly Captain

inflation back to the Goodyearshouted "Up Ship!"It was off. Anderson dumped nearly eight hunZeppelin factory at Akron, Ohio. The craft rose fifty feet, a hundred pounds of ballast with an elecWorkers went over it inch by inch to dred, then five hundred feet! Sudtric switch. The craft responded,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1936

lurched upward. By lightening the to Washington: "we checked our said Captain Anderson after it was

load, the pilot cleared the cliffs and remaining ballast carefully to be sure over, "we were amused at the autoskimmed over the people who were we were reserving enough for a safe mobiles trailing through the fields, running in all directions to get out landing."intent on being with us at the landof the way. Captain Anderson said "Then you used ballast in taking ing. Even before we could get out

later his first sensation was that the the ship up and in bringing it down of the gondola, a man peered in bag had burst. too?"I ventured. through one of the hatches, greeting

When the fliers were rising stead- "Ballast adds weight, and of us with a sheepish grin."

ily, they made a final inspection of course helps somewhat in bringing a Half a dozen airplanes arrived equipment, both inside and outside craft down. But to start the Explorer almost immediately with workers

their hollow sphere. A radioequip- II into its descent, I had to valve out who roped off a space around the

ped airplane followed the big white much of the gas in the bag. Someballoon to keep away curious on-

"cloud"as it scudded through the times I kept the valves wide open lookers. In an incredibly short time,

sky, describing for listenersin the for a minute or a minute and a half. the fliers were on their way to a

progress of the two aeronauts until The balloon was stubborn. It farmhouse, safe, sound, and "able

the balloon went higher than the didn't want to come down. Finally to walk away,"as Captain Anderplane could fly. After remaining when it began to fall, it moved faster son put it. The landing occurred

outside on top of the gondola for than we wanted it to. That is where at 3:14 p. m. M. S. T., twelve miles

about twenty minutes, the men the ballast came into play. To slow south of White Lake, South Dakota,

crawled inside and with a tiny eightthe craft's descent, we lightened the after eight hours and nine minutes watt transmitter, contacted the load by throwing off some of the in the air.

ground. Twoway conversations fine lead shot. Not only did we A week or two after the flight, the

were held between balloon and dump ballast from the Explorer II metal gondola, detached from the ground almost constantly thereafter. to slow its approach to the earth, huge gas bag, was shipped to WashRadio listeners heard the noise of but in the final stage, we attached ington, D. C, and placed on the

instruments, grinding and clicking batteries and pieces of other heavy front steps of the National Geoto gather and record new data. equipment to parachutes and tossed graphic Society's offices on SixAt 9:07 a. m. the balloon had them out."teenth Street.

climbed twentyone thousand feet Leaving the Society's premises in and was rising three hundred feet Crom about the sixteen thousand a taxi one afternoon, Captain Stev- a minute. By 9:25 it reached foot level, where Captain Stevens asked the driver, "What is that

twentyeight thousand feet, and ens and Captain Anderson opened curious thing perched there on the

Captain Stevens reported the temthe manholes so they could climb steps?"

perature outside to be forty degrees outside, the craft responded readily "Why, haven't you heard? That

Fahrenheit. Sealed tightly in their to the pilot, and floated gently to is the stratosphere."

metal ball, the men released liquid earth. When it nearly touched the

air to keep alive. Three hours later, ground, both men threw their full

the balloon reached seventytwo weight on the rip cord to let out the thousand, three hundred ninetyfive gas. According to a man who was

feet, its highest point. The sky bein the field at the landing, the gonBACK TO EARTH FROM THE STRATOSPHERE

low was white, shading into blue. dola came down "light as a feather,"fewTheminutesfabricafterof thetheExplorerballoon IIlandedas it inappeareda pasturea

Above was spread a sea of space so tipped over on its side "with no near White Lake, South Dakota, climaxing a dark that it seemed almost black. bounce at all,"and the empty gas feet.world's Therecordbagflightcontainingto an twoaltitudeand oftwothirds72,395

is largest ever the million three seven "At this point,"Captain Anderbag fell in a heap to one side. acresbuilt, havingof rubberizeda gas capacitycotton of

son told the writer after he returned "In the final stages of the flight,"hundred thousand cubic feet.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1936

"Oh really,"replied the Captain, "it floats?"

"Well, that isn't all of it,"said the driver, a little taken back, "that is only the base. They took the top

part off.""Do you think those fellows really went as high as they claim?"

queried Captain Stevens, testing the man's credulity.

"Yes,"he admitted, "I guess they went that high all right, but I'd like to know what in thunder they did when they got up there!"

It may take months, possibly years, to find out just what the men did accomplish "up there."In his

article, "Man's Farthest Aloft,"published in the January 1936 issue of the National Geographic Magazine, Captain Stevens not only described the flight in detail, but told something of the scientific achieveviously been so honored, among National Geographic Societyments.

BOUNCE A EVEN A LANDING WITHOUT Colonel Lindbergh and them being transportation Air may some day

II just after it landed of the Explorer gondola The Byrd.

in at Dakota, pasture south of a South White Lake, the stratosphere, but Admiral throughmove

The m., T., SL p. 1935. November 5:13 11, M. thatbefore quesera dawns, many it as landed, the and side tipped on gondola one title Captain of official '"Fhe

attached ropes were balloon loadring the which to there be answered.tions must Are

is is giant eightyfoot In the the foreground shown. of is "Pilot Orvil Anderson

in prevailing fallsteady high break designed to the gondola's above winds parachute

Balloon Stratosphere Explorer II"case of disaster to the balloon.the earth? Will it be possible

lives at Kelly Field, for and he now in heavierthan-airmotors machines

Texas, where he is an instructor.to function? Perhaps the experiments of the balloonists will tell. Right now he has a leave of absence

and will combine vacationing with

Barometric and temperature work, making a few lecture engagechanges were recorded automaticments en route, presenting to the ally during the flight. Samples of public for the first time, the official 1919, Captain Anderson married

stratosphere air were brought to motion pictures and color screen Miss Maude L. Miller. She has

earth. Living spores from bread studies of the recent stratosphere constantly encouraged him in all his

and strawberry mold were taken flight of the Explorer II which broke achievements. During the recent

aloft, to determine the effect of the all altitude records. stratosphere flight, she was at the

stratosphere on them. One apWhile stationed at Omaha in "stratocamp"and talked with him

paratus measured sky brightness at by radio while he was in the air.

various heights to find the amount Throughout the summers of 1934 of light reflected by the earth, genand 1935, a young representative erally estimated to be six times as WHEN GOD SPEAKS from the National Geographic Somuch as reflected by the moon. CosBy Clara Home Park ciety, who went to Rapid City for all

mic ray observations were made, three flight attempts, came in frethe day, to said information a other on about meand contact Captain Anderwith God going quent of birth—"You'requiet day The earth my the voidmysteries of the above returned, son. the After young man away of sixteen battery gathered.was A writer across a luncheon the he told visit son,"Earth, to a He said. my On automatic, ofcameras, some them kindly touch on arm all a He led ever With my that of table he the had men

had their lenses focused on dials Me through paths of flow'rs and blossomknown, he thought Captain Andertrees. ing variations to photographand meters of examples of the finest son one "Drink your fill,"He said, "and remember instruments.registered the by to be. ought what a man these:

Lantern slides were later made The beauty and grace of all things we "He is diplomatic, yet firm. When

pass of the photographs andfrom some it with order, gives does he he an lilies, grass. roses, the the waving The fliers, with along moshown by the smile. a like gardens Earth; thou to make down Go flight, to nearlytion pictures of the

this friend, said of all,"most "But my the ofseven thousand Namembers to kiss."the the rain to and sun For warm

I "I think Captain Anderadmired astional Society Geographic who sembled to honor the men on DeSo now, in the hush of the quiet night, son for defending his religion when twilight, or soft that of the the In heat arose."subject day

11, 1935. on that It wascember

I I've the wrought, out look wonders upon a moment's silence. There was Generaloccasion when John J. spot. bidding's at earth garden the a For my

Pershing presented Captain AnderMy wearied back aches—my strength is "Yes,"he said thoughtfully,

son and Captain Stevens each with near gone—"when I reach his age, I'd like to be

as forceful, as courteous, as level-a Hubbard Gold medal, the highest YetFor somethingGod said towithinme, onme aurgesquietmeday:on,

award of the National Geographic "Make a garden on Earth; now go thy headed, and as genuine as Captain

Society. Only ten persons had preway."Anderson."

The significance of MOTHERHOOD By ANNIE WELLS CANNON Of the General Board of the National Woman's

Relief Society

From the beginning of the world the word

Mother has sounded through the ages as the most sacred emblem of womanhood.

ANNIE WELLS CANNON most sacred emblem of womanhood. So it is today, for every woman is a

The burden placed upon Eve that potential mother and the maternal is instinct inborn. those For women in travail children she bear her and children, mother of twelve A children to bear the power to whom has sorrow gladly borne been by ** living, eleven are still of whom

Annie Wells Cannon is admirably woman even though she pass into is denied, compensation is vouchsuited to write about the "Signifithe shadow of death for the experisafed in fostering unmothered little addition cance In of Motherhood."ones bestowing on such as these and of to ence her child joy when own little this qualification, service her long

their care. tender is first placed arms. in her the Then with the beginning Relief Society,

when she was fourteen years old and soul is lifted to supreme heights in the before world until time, present the her Dreeminent makes selfless the love of motherhood. The

particularly interested in the responthe of mother Mary, everlasting significance divine of and sibility to attaches mothers. which all the of incarnation Christ—-thestands is along motherhood epochmaking ability During the her World War

all to virtues of motherhood, whom with was recognized her appointment the time. reveals annals of History

as the only woman state chairman outstanding names of women whose women may well turn as the great for Relief. the European war, Since happiness, in rejoice her exemplar; matter motherhood, the no what this she director has served as on her in sorrow. Sweetly her weep is sacrifice to sweet committee, has turned which now its sacrifice—and

first the to from runs story attention bettering toward conditions with been crowned last—from mothers—has

children for the magi, adoration of everywhere, the manger, immortal. Childless fame Sarah

Annie Wells Cannon is the daughgave to Abraham, her bondwoman to the crucifixion. Not the least enter of Daniel H. Wells, a warm Hagar, that he might know the joy trancing part is the humanness of

personal friend Joseph of the Prophet it all, though she was divinely fatherhood. Sarah's reward was Smith Young. and Her of of Brigham blessed. a child her and through of her own B. Wells, mother Emmetine was

president of the Relief Society for son Isaac she became the "mother of Like any other mother she suffermany years. From her parents she nations and of kings of people."ed untold anxiety, when she thought

inherited environment which a home paDeborah came to the rescue of her boy lost, as she journeyed back her makes know the values of rental influence on children. her nation, not in her name of to Nazareth after attending the

From her keen interest in history, queen, but in her majesty of mother, great festival of the Passover at as evidenced from her having been for she said, and these words are Jerusalem. After searching among

the first president of the War Mothsignificant, "I Deborah arose, that the company of friends and kinsers as well as a charter and member folk, city with to the returned she Israel."in arose In that a mother a president past the Daughters of I of the safety, searched fear for His rebuilt nation. guise her she Dethe Pioneers, adequately she Utah

searches through the annals of hisborah gave in that statement the labyrinth of narrow streets and bytory, and here presents exemplary thought that motherinfluence is a ways, and found Him at last in the mothers as patterns for presentday listening propounding temple and greater motivating than rank power mothers. doctors. to the learned questions station. or as power a To have

mother in Israel was no less true in When Mary, like any natural

Deborah's day than in all time even mother, expressed a reproof for distressing of amazed them, the so she oneness was doctrine latter of in these days.The that not at ye His answer: "Wist father and It true of the always been has parenthood—the busiFather's be about I must my in the heavenly mother home held that they mothHebrew women

as portrayed in the Mormon hymn erhood above all honors. In ancient ness?"Perhaps she was, but always

"O My Father,"brings a vivid pictimes the childless women grieved in her heart she remembered His ture of the holiness of motherhood. and mourned and sacrificed and like strange sayings.

Since the beginning of the world Hannah, mother of Samuel, would Again how human was her mothwhen Adam called his wife's name joyously have dedicated their sons erly pride at the Jewish wedding

Eve, "because she is the mother of to the Lord's service, even to their feast at Cana in Galilee when she all living,"the word mother has own loss, if their prayers might have observed the scarcity of wine and sounded through the ages as the been answered as Hannah's were. whispered to her son of the embar282

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1936

the commandment "Honor thy father and thy mother"and then explain its meaning and promise.

This was her method to impress upon their minds the dignity of motherhood. When Washington was

elected president of the united colonies he made a farewell visit to his mother to receive her blessing. Both

were much affected by this parting but especially her son, who held her in his arms and wept. The bravest

in war but tenderest in heart! Only

a wonderful mother calls forth such devotion.

JS with Mary Washington so it was with Nancy Hanks, mother of the great emancipator, Abraham

Lincoln. No two conditions of life

could have been more different: one

enjoying the ease and comfort of wealth, the other pioneering on the outskirts of civilization, struggling against poverty, ignorance, and ill health. The similarity lies in the

truth that from each mother came characteristics rassment. She knew He could find Among the Roman women was the training and

a way, though she knew not how. Cornelia, famed for her beauty, gave greatness to their sons. Linthat Turning to the servants, culture, said, she wealth, intellectual and atcoln's countenance of homely

saith "Whatsoever unto you, He do tainments. Though the wife of a strength, with the strangely keen

it."then It was she witnessed the Roman tribune deepset could who eyes, like command his was mother.

miracle when water was turned to homage, when requested by a lady The fact that she had only nine short wine. this Jesus did sake, for her of Campania to years'her jewels, show association with her son but it showed His power over the she called her sons side to her should impress and on every mother's

elements. replied, "These are my jewels."mind that in early life the strongest

She must have known of His marThis reply is said to be more often impressions are made. In these velous works and followed quoted, His translated, precious reflected and nine years she taught the teachings it is though not written to upon than any other left anecdote boy to read. She inspired within

any extent in the scriptures, only us by the writers of antiquity. Corhim courage to overcome adversity here there and a phrase, as nelia she when twelve was times and to suffer a mother evil but rather than commitwith others sought Him when shortly after was her He a wrong. widowhood I "All was that or ever am teaching the multitude bereft all and of was He her children to I hope be, except to owe angel my told, "Behold thy mother three, thy and two sons and mother."one daughter. These his, of words so brethren await without."you she them Not To gave often such care tell quoted, and volumes of her going, strangely he answered, devotion that elicited she the motherlove adtraining. and

shall "Whosoever will the do miration of of the world. my misHer Lucy Smith, Mack mother of the Father is in which heaven, the fortunes same she bore bravely. as Great prophet Joseph Smith, like the is brother sister my and scholar and mothand humanitarian, is she mother of Lincoln, a typical was er."an understanding With heart remembered today only for her American pioneer woman, knowing she felt must have then, that His motherhood. statue The in erected poverty, hardship, and sorrow onwork before came her. her honor reads: "Cornelia, the a frontier border; like her, too, she endured What during mother His of the Gracchi."their though paths never crossed, apersecution, trial, the road to Calmother of a son, are Many only women martyred for to his knownvary, mortal no can for comprehend, the righteousness. world because they are the alleven with her knowledge was He mothers of great men, a yet studyher son not and spared the of agony of the characteristics of these disof name Lucy Smith 'J'he notdeath. may story of that The mothertinguished sons, physical, mental, be found the among great hashood furnished the women beautimost moral, and shows a strong likeness of secular literature,ful but all of the for among themes the masters of to the It is mother. written of Latterday Mary Saintsart, her is music, held name literature and is a and that Washington she "deeply in was reverence. is Sheglorious endeared pattern of among all devotion for religious, industrious, courageous, her people, not only to because shewomen ponder over was follow. and and unyielding in purpose."the mother How of Joseph and Hyrum,

like the idolized George Washingthe martyred prophet patriarch, and achievements of great men,'J'he ton! discipline Her firm was but for but her qualities own of heart according to their testiown gentle. In reproof for disobedience soul. and One well, her who knewmony, are largely to the due inspiraor neglect of duty she would have in the days, Nauvoo wrote in of hertion and guidance of their mothers. her children repeat times many over these words, "Lucy Smith impressed

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1936

me as a woman of great power and when speaking of his mother mothers of the past. With increased

force of character. She seemed enRachel Ivins Grant. Her greatest gift opportunities there are also more aldowed by nature with rare gifts of to him was implanting a firm conlurements for young people with the

prophecy, healing. She was one viction of the truth of the Gospel and automobile, the cinema, the resorts,

who gave spiritual comfort and conobedience to its laws, both by teachand the dance halls. It is therefore

solation to the sorrowing and afing and example: well to heed and ponder over some

flicted."She gave to her son Josof the facts presented in these nareph from the first, support and HHhe potency of the motherin- ratives, especially that one cannot

sympathy in his work. In her fluence in guiding the destinies begin too early to start life's trainrecord of his life she gives a sweet of children is clearly manifest as one ing.

word picture of their family life, reflects on the lives of these notable There is no period in family life describing the home evenings when mothers. The fact is evident that so much like Paradise as during the

father, mother, brothers, and sisters the stewardship of the child deearly years with little children. All

gathered around this inspired youth termines largely its future life. the work, care, and attention ento listen described while he the in are nothing weighed when In this constantly changing world tailedancient inhabitants this continent. of delightthe balance with the joy and life necessarily conditions of family

Among the pioneer mothers of change, but no matter what the ful entertainment of watching their

Mormondom perhaps no one passed change may be the sacredness and development and spontaneous hapthrough more trying ordeals and holiness of motherhood is eternal, piness in everything around them.

came forth "tried as gold in the for the child is the gift eternal. The Children give grace and beauty to

furnace of fire seven times purified"standards of the Church of Jesus the home, for they are lovers of all than Mary Fielding Smith, wife of Christ of Latterday Saints have not the natural beauty of the earth.

the martyred patriarch and mother varied in regard to parenthood with They love the flowers of the hills and of Joseph F. Smith, sixth president any changing condition. The young fields, the songs of birds in orchards

of the Church. President Smith people who marry in the house of and forests, the ripple of the brook,

could never speak of his mother the Lord for time and eternity are the sparkle of the sands, and the without tears welling up in his eyes. admonished to regard parenthood as white caps of the waves. To the

He grieved that she could not have a sacred rite and holy blessing, and watchful mother these things also lived long enough to share some of to that end be mindful of their bring happiness and afford opporthe prosperity of his later years. stewardship. The most valuable tunity for many of life's sweetest

is lessons. imthe too This most gift to earth that can through come Fielding a refined, Mary eduwas

for to parents portant time guard is gift this children. That man maycated young woman, embraced who for their children are conduct own is it that imperative and men inthe to be, Gospel England and came to likely imitators just great as and lives, live clean, for the pure women for religion. herAmerica She parental hypocrisies and up possibilities inexpick are heredity offound herself a driven and among

faults as virtues. higher people have haustible. Nopersecuted people. her son When

Joseph was born, his father was constandards in that regard than do Motherhood is not just an ideal as fined under false charges in one of the Latterday Saints. the painter places it on his canvas

the meanest prisons in the state of The problems that confront the or the poet in her rhythm, but a solMissouri. With the rest of the modern mother are more difficult and emn reality and a grave responsiSaints this delicate and ill girl with complex than those of the great bility. If the mother according to

her little son was driven from Misher knowledge and wisdom has ensouri to Illinois. deavored to be neither too strict nor

Her fortitude and dignified beartoo lenient, neither too indulgent nor too parsimonious, but moderate and ing during all these trying days, PIONEER MOTHER considerate, if she has taught both even to the tragedy at Carthage, were a marvel to all who knew her. By Christie Lund livingsons andis betterdaughtersthan thatindulgencerighteousin

In the from exodus she Nauvoo at least she conduct in may beauty, marble word, spoken we unseemly Tndrove her of bringoxen, yoke own discipline that her feel the comfort the Plain, tribute of to you, Mother Pay littleing son, her eight then years their for welfare and prompted was wilds. In the of memory Madonnaold, of other her and fammembers tried to guide in her she judgment pain, will forever Enshrined youily into these distressing from scenes be—your

is as aright. love mother's them steadfast loneliness, awful your A Your infrontier.another her By own in stars; even as the unchangeable strength,dustry, perseverance, sagacity and

it endures of face condemnation the it the world should whole, be wide Though ashe her home. taught She made

fail. reothers mother Every length, when infamily the truths of the Gospel and

in children of her success the joices it led that follow where bade you hope Theloyalty in to authority. Instilled

in their misfortunes. sorrows and it the cost vanquished should and Thoughtheir hearts her example by own is golden the motherlove The the dead. frugality, industry,honesty, and of the whebrow on woman crown reached Faith has new woman! O Noblefaith. is Her handed name down the palace a realm on ther height, her bein history the of people as her one

of the bravest heroines and devoted And courage lifts her head in loftier grace heights, or a cabin in the wilderness.

you have given the world the sacredmothers in all Israel. Since "Mother! we have all known her, sight

"My mother has been to me the Of motherhood supreme o'er time and not all of us in the same person, but guiding star throughout my "whole space. the same aureole frames each seplife"is the expression frequently Thank God for woman as divine as you arate face in the glory of its own

made by President Heber J. Grant Who caught a vision and then made it true! divinity."

First latterday saint

By E. CECIL MOTHER

McGAVIN LUCY MACK SMITH Superior traits of character were the legacy of Lucy Mack from her mother Lydia Gates and her father Solomon Mack. Lucy

Mack Smith was one of the most valiant, uncomplaining, and steadfast persons who assisted in laying the foundations of this latterday work. "Mother Smith,"as she was

affectionately called by her many friends, had nerves of steel, yet was as sympathetic as a child.

To Joseph Smith and Lucy Mack ten children were born.

Mother Smith's first great sorrow was in the autumn of 1823, when their eldest son, Alvin, twentyfive years of age, died from an overdose of calomel. Her next great sorrow

came in the autumn of 1840, when her husband passed away. A few

moments before he died he said to his wife: "Mother, you are one of

the most singular women in the world. You have brought up my

children for me by the fireside, and, when I was gone from home, you comforted them.... We have often wished that we might both die

at the same time, but you must not rode out in the new Church carriage be full of love, goodness, and kinddesire to die when I do, for you with Brother Heber C. Kimball and ness.... She wished to know of

must stay to comfort the children the bishop to look at two blocks of the congregation, whether they conof In Augustwhen I am gone."sidered (upher a mother in she Smith's had agreed which Emma Israel—son, Smith's youngest1841 Mother for to sell the President on which Trustees $550. B. Young They

Don Carlos, twentyfive years old, selected Blocks 96 and 97 and then said: 'all who consider Mother

passed away. went to Mother Lucy Smith's and Smith a mother in Israel, signify it

three After of comparative years in universal saying her the carriage to choose brought by yes!'—Onepeace, of the the martyrsad news 'Yes'the rang throughout.) blocks she which of would two...

dom of Joseph and Hyrum spread have deeded to herself and her that the Lord will let Brother IBrigfeel through Nauvoo, bringing grief and daughters. She selected Block 96 ham take the people away. Here,

sorrow to their thousands of friends. and desired to have the Church build in this city, lie my dead; my husband

Still the strong spirit of that little her a house like Brother Kimball's."and children; and if so be the rest

woman was unbroken. Within a Another reference reads: "Wedof my children go with you, (and I

month after the secret burial of the nesday, October 8: The general would to God they may all go,

martyrs, another son, Samuel, conference was continued in Nauthey will not go without me; and if

thirtysix years old, died of a broken voo.... Mother Lucy Smith, the I go, I want my bones brought back

heart, occasioned, it is said by the aged and honored parent of Joseph in case I die away, and deposited assassination of his brothers. Smith, was invited upon the stand. with my husband and children."

During all of Mother Smith's She spoke at considerable length. When her family did not follow

afflictions, President B r i g h a m... She commenced by saying that Brigham Young, Mother Smith conYoung and the Twelve were solicitshe was truly glad that the Lord tinued to reside in the Mansion

ous of her welfare and always anxhad let her see so large a congregaHouse with her daughterin-law, ious to contribute to her comfort tion.... She warned parents that Emma Smith Bidamon. On May 5,

and happiness. they were accountable for their 1 855, she fell asleep and was buried

A notation in the Journal History children's conduct; advised them to near her loved ones by the grand

for August 2, 1845, reads: "In the give them books and work to keep old river which had witnessed her

afternoon President Brigham Young them from idleness; warned all to many triumphs and tragedies.

N AND OUT BOOKS

KEATS

WHITTIER STEVENSON

tiEL.Ditr<j K.Smith--

Hail Macbeth/ What astonishing fellowAllan he is. By DR. N. A. PEDERSEN murderer but how he A Dean Sciences of the School of Arts andliked to what talk: talk—andgory and Professor U. S. of English, A. C. tomorrow,"Tomorrow, and and tomorrow

Creeps in this petty pace from day to day

To the last syllable of recorded time;

And all our yesterdays have lighted fools "He clasps the crags with hooked hands; When poets like Francis Thompthe lands in lonely to sun The way to dusty death. Out, Out, brief Close son, George Herbert, John Donne, the azure Ringed with world candle! he stands.

Life's but a walking shadow, a poor player The wrinkled sea beneath him crawls; or Whittier start expatiating on

That struts and frets his hour upon the He watches from his mountain walls faith, only a fool could disbelieve.

stage And like a thunderbolt he falls."And love! No one ever seriously

is It then tale heard more. is a And no

full idiot, of Told fury, sound by an and That bird could never be mewed adolescentloses faith inmodernthat, inwriters.spite of Buta fewif Signifying nothing."

up. One might as well try to put ever accosted by doubts, read "The

From the ruin of his brave life all outdoors into a cage. But poets Sonnets of the Portuguese."They,

rose immortal words. They move speak like that. They just play with alone, will make you feel ashamed.

with the stately smoothness of a everything, seem to make it twice as If not, add to them Browning's Ring minuet and flash unforgettable picnice as reality, but win acceptance. and the Book and learn of the love

tured comparisons. The poor player, Why, Robinson Jeffers convinces of Pompilia and Caponsacchi and

how temporary he is, his creations one that pelicans are more interestmuch else besides.

to the NightinJohn Keats'"Ode it is the ache because I remember do composed onValentino—welldying with him. Cinema actor ing than nightingales until one reads Sometimes poetry makes the head gale,"paper, written peron brown the principlefame of his little of day! a of But how maximum

quickly he strutted to oblivion. Life haps, while he was selling headache thought in a minimum of words.

is like that sometimes. From dust powders in a London drug store. In Browning's occasional obscurity

thou art to dust returnest. Dusty both instances, perceptions, heretomade at least one cultured Briton

death. It's all there—in those two fore held adequate, are enlarged and feel, on attempting to read him durlittle words. What an opportunity intensified. This is the service of ing convalescence from illness, that

in Shakespeare to hear men and the poet to unseeing natural man. he was losing his mind. And Whitwomen discourse, from Dame Jeffers'"tragic drumroll beating tier burned a copy of Leaves of

Quickly to Desdemona, from fishanger"cann'ot be ignored. Like Grass by Walt Whitman when it

like Caliban to Hamlet. many of his other pieces, his recent first fell into his hands. I wonder

Poets do have powerful utterance. poem "Solstice"is pretty grim. if T. S. Eliot himself thoroughly unThe old patriarch, Tennyson, for Read it. On coming to the latter derstands Waste Land, which is

instance, took thirtynine short part you will be lifted up by the mere hodgepodge to some readers, words and did more with the eagle, power of the poetry as if Tennyson's and to others "finest contemporary for me, than thirtynine millenniums eagle had seized you "with hooked expression of the plight of a genhad done: hands."eration."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1936

SKETCHES BY natural man, unlike literary men,

FIELDING K. SMITH wants its fruits without effort. Paul

Elmer Moore, author of the Shelburne Essays, read The Iliad and are Auslander and Hill. Eight years The Odyssey again and again durago they wrote a book about poetry ing his summer vacations near the

and poets called The Winged Horse Atlantic. Samuel McChord Crowhich whets the appetite for a ride thers used to read regularly, at

upon its back. So does A. E. HousChristmas time, Milton's "Ode to

man's The Name and Nature of the Nativity."Once I heard RichPoetry. I always perk up when a ard Greene Moulton recite from

poet speaks of poetry. Housman memory "The Book of Job."George

here tells, among other things, how Herbert Palmer memorized eightypoetry is made. With him the proseven Shakespearean sonnets during

cess is one of bodily exudation dishis freshman year at college. Such

tantly like that of the pearl's coming men are exemplary of a vigorous from the oyster, during which proacceptance of poetry's challenge.

cess the poet is continuously excited, Do you know George Herbert the result being not so much thought Palmer's incomparable prose trans-

N. A. PEDERSEN as beauty. Just where does that lation of The Odyssey and his Life

conception place: of Alice Freeman Palmer? Upon a

7V s student and teacher, and as a "Lives of great men all remind us plaque at the foot of the belltower ** devoted lover of the written and We can make our lives sublime in Reynolds Hall at the University spoken word, the author has spent And departing leave behind us of Chicago are these words:

many years gathering good things Footprints on the sands of time."

from the world's finer books. Dr. N. "Joyfully to remember Alice Freeman

A. Pedersen, Dean oi the school of TThis is not to condemn the ballads Palmer, Dean of Women, these bells make

Arts and Sciences and Professor of and sonnets of Longfellow, be it music."

at the English AgriculState Utah understood. Nature The and Name tural spirit, College, his received B. great a dejoyfully A. She was will the try lead to Poetry you of gree the University Utah, from of too, in remembered, her husband's lyrics Shropshire your on his Lad Master's degree Harvard from of A her. biography of I think of Palmer the University his Ph. D. and from

University of California. Says Dr. and Crothers together as two stimPedersen: "I believe a teacher's callulating moderns, both gone now,

ing is a high one, and I have dediwho pointed the way to rich living.

cated my life to it without reserve."

With this ideal as guide, and with good books as traveling companions,

Dr. Pedersen here takes his readers

on a delightful journey "In and Out of Books."

Often help is needed. Max

Eastman's Enjoyment of Poetry is good headache powder. So are the

studies of George Santayana, poet, critic, philosopher. Says he:

into dips poet that underthe chaos "The lies shell the of the brings world and up fiCSMlTH"some superfluous image, some emotion dropped by the way, and reattaches it to thingsthe object; present unhe reinstates

LONGFELLOW hfe things ignored;necessary; emphasizes

he paints in again into the landscape the SHAKESPEARE tints which intellect has allowed to fade from it. If he seems sometime to obscure

the fact, it is only because he is restoring experience. first elementan which The the poetic flute. They play divinely The latter's "The Gentle Reader"intellect rejects in its ideas of things forming

is the emotion which accompanies the perironic tunes that make life seem all and his other essays are not only ception; and this emotion is the first thing the more precious. Permit a digresdelightful in themselves but open

the restores. poet He stops at the image sion. If you want more Shropshire tracks to much other reading of debecause stops to he enjoy."visions read the novels of Mary light and profit.

See what poetry did, particularly Webb, Precious Bane, The Golden Among essayists, David Henry

Wordsworth's, in the reanimating Arrow, and Gone to Earth. G. K. Thoreau has long been one of my

of John Stuart Mills'heart and the Chesterton has a preface to the secloves. He stimulates like a cold

restoring of his emotional happiness. ond, worth a deal of thought. It plunge and always sows the seed of

Santayana not only thinks well may send you to Hardy for reading thought. A halfhour's dip into

but he writes with beauty. I have or rereading to enable comparison Walden or A Week on the Concord

never read The Life of Reason, his with Webb and acceptance or reand Merrimack Rivers always masterpiece, but I now vow to do so. jection of G. K. as a critic. brings the full cup. Examples will

Other helpers to poetic enthusiasm Poetry challenges the mind. The illustrate his quality. The old

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1936

browncoated fisherman is thus "Blenheim"does just that. MenLudwig's Bismarck, and into such

memorably delineated: tion is made of Trevelyan here berevealing autobiographies as that of

cause I lately chanced to read an H. G. Wells. "His fishing was not a sport, nor solelya means of subsistence, but a sort of solemn essay from his Clio, A Muse, on Alfred N. Whitehead makes an

sacrament and withdrawal from the world, "Walking."Try it. It may stand important observation in Science

just as the aged read their Bibles."you in good stead when your body and the Modern World, especially

Elsewhere Thoreau says: and mind are out of gear and you applicable to the reading of novelhave learned that the world was not ists and dramatists:

I there "Morning and is when am awake is is me. reform the created especially to make you "When man ceases to wander, he will Moral a dawn in

effort to throw off sleep. Why is it that happy. DeQuincey, calculated, says cease to ascend the scale of being. Physical

men give so poor an account of their day the writer, that Wordsworth walked wandering is still important, but greater still spiritualif adventures of man's is the power they slumbering. have not been They eighty one thousand hundred Engof of pasadventures adventures thought,are calculators. not such poor If they had lish miles, the result being happiness feeling, exaesthetic of sionate adventuresnot they been drowsiness overcome with

would have performed something. The and poetry. perience."

millions are awake enough for physical labor; but only one in a hundred millions

to a poetic or divine life. To be awake is

to be alive. I have never yet met a man

who was quite awake. How would I have

looked him in the face?"

One can appreciate the tradition that Thoreau worked his way through Harvard by writing themes for freshmen. He writes with sustained excellence. Macbeth and

Henry IV have told us how blessed a thing is sleep; David Henry, how

blessed to awake from it. He withdrew from the town to the woods in

order to live deliberately. His esTENNYSON

says, recording this achievement, LAMB are a cool hand upon the brow of a confused and feverish age.

Carlyle says: "Do not be afraid It is easy to get on good terms For twentyfive years, it is said,

of the man with the seeing eye!"with essay writers. They are frank, the poet William Ellery Leonard has

Thoreau had it. So did Richard confidential, selfrevealing, and conconfined himself to a selfimposed

Jeffries, as "The Open Air"and sequently must have selves that are prison of six city blocks because of "Life in the Fields,"joyous essayattractive. Montaigne, the inventor a strange fear of distance. Not

pictures of Southwestern England, of the familiar essay, and Robert many are so afflicted with geographattest. Observe: Louis Stevenson had just such perical phobia, but many are afraid of

"Southwards, the full moon, a red yellow sonalities, as did Charles Lamb, ascending the scale of being through disk, shone over the wheat, which appeared probably the prince of them all. Not mental traveling. They read little

the color pale quiver amber. of A then, stultifying enjoy Children"as it and is, only "Dream and air, to to inan the stay undulation—seemedfinest alof for confirmation Pig""Roast they Essays of what from "Theleft heated from the sunset hues day: The

and those of the redtinted moon fell as it Elia"is proof that you are not one ready think and in order to experiwere into the remnant of day, and filled the of the elect, as not to enjoy Keats is ence, in reading, the monotonous intowheat: were poured it, so that They it proof that pure poetry is not for you. emotions of their own petty lives. Still their colors.grew in heavily the

shadows deepened in the elms: All was And to be unacquainted with "The Little is gained from such a narrowsilence, save for the sound of the reapers Private Papers of Henry Ryecroft"ing process. The very purpose of

on the other side of the hedge, slashrustle, is stark personal deprivation. They epic, novel, and drama is to take us

slashrustle, the and drowsy night came contain Gissing's matured estimates into uncharted seas, not to escape eyelid."as softlydown as an

of the classics he loved, as well as life but to escape spiritual death.

Were is more than meets the eye his calm reflections upon life. EleOtherwise what tame Odysseys our

of the ordinary observer, more gantly and chastely written these life stories will be.

than the pleasure of mere recogniessays have the repose of a Sabbath Hence we read Dostoievsky's tion. Here is the something beyond, day and the serenity of The MeditaCrime and Punishment not only for

which makes literature in whatever tions of Marcus Aurelius, another its Russian background but to exform, and which distinguishes such genuine expression, this time from perience the tempestuous life of a writer as Sinclair Lewis, important the ancient world, of the "peace of Raskolnikoff. What a harassed

as he is, from the great. a really triumphant soul."soul. How fully the author gives

George Macaulay Trevelyan of Such books suggest a second the mental and emotional reactions

Cambridge University is not without branch of personality literature, the of the criminal to his crimes. This

that quality. He writes history friendly letter. How delightful and is a fine illustration of a completely

which all enjoy. Says he: "I canrevealing are those of the Carlyles, developed character without blur.

not abandon the old idea of hisDorothy Osborne, Cowper, Shelley, tory that was once popular in EngFitzgerald. This branch divides Tt may be just as important to know

land, that the same book should again into biography that has flowfigures like this one and Hurstmake its appeal both to the general ered profusely from Plutarch's Lives wood in Dreiser's Sister Carrie, anreader and the historical student."to Strachey's Queen Victoria and other fulllength portrait, as it is to

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1936

know JeanChristophe, the comthor, Cervantes, Laurie Magnus pletely delineated artist of Romain writes in his A History of European

Rolland's masterpiece, written to Literature:

give joy and hope to the reader.

Such knowledge helps us see life at "SoValladolid,the lean inyearsthe wentyearby,1603,till, andat last,at steadily and see it whole, a feat the rate of a chapter or two a week, with growing increasingly difficult. Books but the stump of a left hand to hold down

of this sort are adventures of the theaged,leavessilverbearded,of his noteweatherbeatenbook, this middlesol- mind, travel pieces for the spirit, dier and collector wrote the first part of without which we cannot ascend Don Quixote and made himself immortal the scale of being or understand the This hunting ground for scholars, this moworld in which we live and the times saicthe chivalricof romanticromances)antiquarieswas transformed(referring byto and conditions from which we are the genius of Cervantes into the grandest emerging. story book for men and boys which has yet

Again, familiarity with Christian been composed."

Wahnschaffe from The World's IlHow grand this book is and how lusion will alone take you into the clearly its message bears upon our heart of prewar Europe resting, as own age of transition and reconWassermann well knew, upon struction it were best to let the WORDSWORTH wretchedness and crime. Thomas reader discover or rediscover for

Mann has now finished two volumes himself. A word about guides to reading.

of his trilogy depicting New TestaDrama, because of its brevity, is Book lists are many and often ment characters and scenes: Young more difficult than the novel. The made by competent appraisers. One

Joseph and Joseph and His Brothers. reader needs the help of the actor, such is "One Hundred Best Books"

To ignore them is to miss an opporyet in the private theatre of the published in the American Magatunity to understand an age that imaginative brain the play is potent. zine. The author, Will Durant,

well. omniverously and thinksunderlies civilization. Christian our Krutch, emireads When Joseph Wood

is is provocative. His list AnotherPhilosophical parts of these critic, novels nent first read American

are difficult reading but the narrative Shaw's Man and Superman he ex- "Good Reading,"a guide for college is straightforward and the characclaimed with delight that he had no students and adult readers, briefly terization is superb. idea such writing was being done. describing about a thousand books,

Novels dealing with more homely It gave him a new point of view, a enjoyable to read and largely availmaterial, if done by writers with the new attitude towards the problem able in inexpensive editions. The

seeing eye, are also mental, emoof life. Shaw, Ibsen, Galsworthy, editing has been done by thirtyfive

professors of English, deans, and librarians, representing as many colleges and universities. In pamphlet

form it may be obtained for twenty cents from the National Council of

Teachers of English, 211 West 68th

Street, Chicago. Besides such helps,

there are the various bookof-the month clubs, directed by competent critics. All these helps are excellent for those who need them. They

are, however, external guides for readers who are unwilling or unable to lead themselves. But all such

madeto-order aids are hardly personal enough for what is, after all, the most personal of human advenTHOREAU

CHESTERTON tures.

The best guide is one's own spirit, which is occasionally seized with tional, and aesthetic travel mediums. Gerhart Hauptmann, and O'Neill "immortal longings"that can be

Jane Austen deals with matters of opened the closed windows of presatisfied only by the particular book homely detail through which sigconceived notions and sent a draft which speaks to a particular soul nificant characters are displayed. of air through. It is said now by an crisis. Sir Philip Sidney said, "Look

Recently I read two rather slight eminent critic that Clifford Odets is into thine own soul and write."He

books, Carroll's As the Earth Turns just setting out on a career which might have said with equal force,and The White Gate by Deeping promises to be comparable to that of slight, that is, compared with Jean Ibsen. The reader in the firstline "Look into thine own soul and

Christophe, Henry Esmond, or trenches will want to watch him. read."The most stimulating essay

it has been my pleasure to read, isAnna Karenina—yet each added Discovering an author, be he poet

unto me. Not great books, yet or writer of prose, is one of life's that of the poet Virginia Moore, enOdysseys on a small scale. Read kqenest delights, akin to that of titled "Desultory Reading."Get

them between times and then go Keats when he first read Chapman's the "Bookman"for December, 1930, back to Don Quixote, Of the auHomer. and set your soul a-sail.

The story Introduction OF OURTheeverLatterdaybeen a singingSaintspeople.have

Some of our greatest sermons and messages have come through the avenue of song. The Lord Himself

acclaimed the power of music when, Hymnsin July, 1 830, only three months after the Church was organized, He gavea revelation through the Prophet By GEORGE D. PYPER

Joseph Smith, directed to Emma

Smith, part of which reads as follows: L (9 Tflu father, but Q>ltza [R. Simow

"And it shall be given thee, also, to as selection sacred of hymns, amake it Eliza Roxey Snow Smith is pleasing thee, unto given whichshall be

Church.me, to be had For my in my soul IUFany biographical stories of Eliza heart; yea, in thedelighteth of the song

the song of the righteous is a prayer unto Roxey Snow Smith have been it shall with a blessing answeredme, be and thirtyfive published. these of From

. verily, their heads. I sayupon the factual in this data contained

is all."this thatunto unto you..myVerily,voice

brief sketch are gleaned.

Emma Smith selected the hymns, This remarkable woman, one of and two volumes were published the most noted among the women of the first in 1835 with ninety selecMormondom, was born January 21, tions, the second in 1841 with three 1804, in Beckett, Berkshire County, hundred forty selections. These Massachusetts. She was the second

hymns were for the most part those daughter of Oliver and Rosetta L.

already in use; nevertheless, there Pittibone Snow. Her grandfather

were a number of talented hymnolwas a revolutionary soldier. In 1 806

ogists in the Church at that time, the family, consisting of the parents notably W. W. Phelps and Parley and two daughters, moved to Man-

P. Pratt, and Emma Smith's compitua, Portage County, Ohio; there

lations contained many of their confive other children were born.

tributions. These early hymns exThough Baptists, the Snows were

pounded the truths of the newly GEORGE D. PYPER friends to people of all denominarevealed tions, gave the songs Gospel and to all door and their open was

sing, speak what hymns we their distinctiveof The charthe Church habits. children of exemplary The believe. ace what and we we

acteristics. revised all in cultured hymn of trained were and A book Faith sorrow, courage, and and hope

in general use for many years was trust and obedience, joy and thanksthe Christian virtues. Eliza was

published by Brigham Young in giving—all are spoken from the heart especially gifted as a writer of

sing. in the songs D. George men editions of this1840. Twentyfive poetry. the early age of twentyAt Pyper, Superintendent the Deseret of

little volume were published. local considerable she gained two Union, School former manSunday

Prior to the arrival in Salt Lake ager of old Salt Lake Theater and fame by writing, at the request of a valley most of our songs were put one of the West's most beloved number of newspapers, a requiem for John Adams and Thomas Jefferto old tunes already used by the peoshowmen,the ChurchwritesMusichereCommitteeas a memberin theof ple and whose composers were not first of a series that will tell, from son, both of whom passed away on known; and even afterwards war month to month, the story of some the same day—the day of days totunes and love ditties were comof the hymns that are sung by the Americans—-July 4, 1826. Her

mandeered to fit the inspirational Latterday Saints. poems brought her into close achymns. quaintance with many notable scholNo exclusive inspiration or honor ars and theologians among whom

is claimed by the Latterday Saints buoyed them up in their faith, and were Alexander Campbell, organizer for music and song; we are indebted helped them to "stand firm under the of the Campbellite church, and his

to Isaac Watts, Charles and John pressure of life."fellowworker, Sidney Rigdon, who

Wesley, Dwight L. Moody, Henry It is the purpose of the writer to later became associated with the

F. Lyte, James Montgomery, Bishop tell the stories of some of these Latterday Saints.

Ken, Handel, Haydn, Mendelssohn, hymns, and inasmuch as May is the Eliza's mother and sister, having and others, for many hymns and month in which "Mothers'Day"is joined the Church, she herself after songs that are in harmony with our celebrated and the third stanza of a thorough investigation, became faith. "O My Father"deals with a mother converted and was baptized April

Many of our favorite hymns were in heaven it is thought most appro- 5, 1 835. Late in the same year she

written under trying and sometimes priate to begin the series with that left her home and moved to Kirtland tragic circumstances. They have hymn written by the poetess, Eliza where she taught a select school

cheered the Saints in time of trouble, R. Snow Smith. for girls, and for a while was gov290

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1936

erness in the Prophet's family. Genoa, Venice, Rome, Naples, cer Rogers in organizing the first

There her facile pen was kept busy. Corfu, Alexandria, Jaffa, Jerusalem, Primary Association. On July 17,

Under the inspired teaching of the Athens, Constantinople, and Vien1880, she was set apart by PresiLatter-day Prophet, she advanced na. This trip included a pilgrimage dent John Taylor as President of

in the knowledge and understanding to the Mount of Olives where the the Relief Societies in all the world.

of the Gospel and her whole life land had been dedicated for the reZina D. H. Young and Elizabeth

became devoted to its spread. Her turn of the Jews.* In 1875 a volume Ann Whitney were her counselors

poems now breathed the inspiration and Sarah M. Kimball her secretary.

of the newfound truth, catching the Temple work at St. George folglorified vision of her prophetlowed. On July 17, 1882, the Desteacher. eret Hospital was established with

Eliza's father, after his converEliza R. Snow as president.

sion, soon brought the mother, In 1 856 her first volume of poems brothers and sisters to Kirtland. In was published; twenty years later

1836 they moved to Far West. the second volume appeared. A

From Far West the family moved hymn book and tune book she also to AdamOndi-Ahman, from which published. First and Second

place they were driven and suffered Speakers, collections of poems and the persecutions incident to those ELIZA R. SNOW readings for Primary Associations,

gloomy days. Back to Far West are credited to her genius.

the family moved, then in 1839 to On December 5, 1887, in her

Quincy, Illinois, and next to La eightyfourth year, death claimed Harpe. Later the family settled in O MY FATHER this remarkable woman. Funeral

Commerce, afterwards named NauBy Eliza R. Snow services were held in the Assembly

voo. Hall and interment was in President

that dwellest Brigham Young's private cemetery.

place! In Nauvoo, Eliza again taught OmyIn theFather,high andThouglorious

school and wrote much. It was here When shall I regain Thy presence, that she wrote "O My Father,"the And again behold Thy face? "O My Father"

hymn that has preserved her name In Thy holy habitation,

Father/'Eliza by R. spirit My reside; Snow, Did once my the great.among Q first primeval childhood my is considered of the one greatest

the first Relief Society was In When I nurtured near Was all Thy side? of Latterday Saint hymns, beorganized, 17, Eliza 1842, March its cause of unusual doctrinal conglorious For wise a and purpose its secretary. was R. Snow June On tent, especially that in contained hast the earth, here placed Thou on me to29, 1842, sealed she was Joseph recollection withheld the third And stanza. This remarkable verse

for eternity in timeSmith the and birth, friends former and my Of projects a thought into religious new Yet secret ofttimes a something celestial of marriage. law June On philosophy; namely, that have a we Whispered, stranger "You're a 27, the 1844, his Prophet and heavenly in mother the here;"courts on

brother Hyrum were martyred. And I felt that I had wandered high.

Griefstricken but undaunted, From a more exalted sphere. The hymn was written during a

Eliza became more devoted than I had learned to call thee Father, period of exciting conditions that ever to her husband's cause. She Through Thy spirit from on high; finally had their tragic ending in the

in until 28,was the of February the exodus But Knowledge Key of death of the Prophet Patriarch. and

restored, I not why. knew Was 1846, for wrote comforting songs According to F. Orson Whitney, the In are. parents single? heavensthe people, drove and an ox team Eliza's marriage to the Prophet the thought took No; reason makes

part of the to Quarters. Winter way stare! place 29, 1842. June Father""O My father is died reason, eternal, mother at Truth both andHer Truth written in was 1 843. the poetess So Tells there. I've a mother me Illinois. Grove, began SheWalnut wrote it while she the Prophet's was

the pioneer journey in June, arriving When I leave this frail existence, wife. She was also a governess in

in Salt Lake Valley in October When I lay this mortal by, his family. This close companion1847. a Father, given There Mother, she was home I meet you May ship gave her abundant opportunity

In royal courts your high? on Brigham sheby Young was to whom to discuss with the Prophet many length, at I've When, com'when in lived inmarried 1849, the and great and important things "pertainpleted

Lion House until the time of her All you sent me forth to do. ing to the kingdom of God."

mutualdeath. With approbation your

Let dwell with you. It was during this period that and me come

From the time of her arrival in Zina D. Huntington (afterwards

Salt Lake Valley until the time of Zina D. Young) was grieved over

her demise the life of this gifted an unusual circumstance. Her

woman was a busy one. She had was published by her containing mother, who had died some time

in of thecharge the women's work "Correspondence of Palestine Tourbefore, buried had been in a temists."she House. In 1866Endowment was porary grave and necesit became

set apart to preside over the Relief sary to remove the body to a perSocieties of the wards and stakes of After her return, Eliza, besides manent resting place. When the

Zion, and labored in that capacity for engaging in numerous other acremains were exhumed it was distwenty-one years. On October 20, tivities, assisted sister Aurelia Spencovered that they were partially

a 1872, Eliza nine months'began petrified. to It seemed Zina as if date, there 3, 1936, *At this Mayjourney to the Land, Holy are the very foundation the of doctrine visiting reported three hundred to be thousand Jews

Liverpool, London, Belgium, France, in Palestine. {Concluded on page 314)

The V GEORGE TRILOGY By RAMONA W. CANNON

President of the Relief Society in the British Mission

embroidery. One division wore caps

made of jewels from which trailed bird of paradise aigrettes.

The Royal Pair themselves, richly robed and bejewelled, were regal indeed in their gilded state coach, drawn by eight matched white horses. Everywhere they were

greeted with the wildest snouts of acclamation.

ible flux of humanity was milling With time, details fade from

The about,find betterstrivingones.to Itholdwasplacesremarkableor to memory,CoronationbutDayone willimpressionalways ofremainthat

Coronation how the policemen maintained dis-—the columns of marching horses

cipline and inspired confidence chestnut, bay, black, white horses,

June 21, 1911, the eve of among the crowds. It seemed that beautifully matched, and ridden inOnthe coronation of King wherever one looked, one could see superb order. I had sat in the BritGeorge V., I was seated in a towering, bluehelmeted figure ish Museum looking long at the

the Haymarket Theatre watching with a black chin strap. Always frieze of the ancient Parthenon.

Sir Beerbohm Tree's performance of with the sight came a sense of comThe stately rhythm of that procesHenry VIII. A special feature had fort. Cordons of policemen and of sion of marble horses, carved in bas

been introduced—a duplication of troops kept the crowds from breakrelief, with upraised hoofs and curvthe scene which was to take place ing through the lines of march. The ing knees, had flooded me with a

in Westminster Abbey in the mornbehavior of both the people and the sense of perfect beauty. Now being when King George and Queen bobbies could come only from a nafore my eyes was such a scene with

Mary would be crowned. That tion in whom is intrinsic love of life breathed into it. There was the

night the royal monarchs were things well ordered and completely grace of movement of each spirited

Henry and Anne Boleyn, with the done. creature, the rhythm of sound as

magnificent Wolsey ( Sir Beerbohm I had an excellent view of the prowell as of motion, the three dimenofficiating. But the coronation robes, cession. Each nation of the empire sional bodies, the shining coats, the

the Golden Ampulla ( eagle ) for the had contributed its best in art, flashing eyes.

consecrating oil, the golden anointbeauty, and civilization, the flower ing spoon, and, as I recall, the actual of its military and court life, the most The stately its horseflesh. of the royal noble crown andSt. Edward's The Jubilee

filedsceptre, the by in morrow, rows of to be and beasts used on men had been graciously lent for this kaleidoscopic splendor: scarlet and A few months before the Jubilee,

occasion. The Ampulla, crown, white uniforms, medals, and decorawe came to London as missionsceptre, and orb are kept behind iron tive orders! The amazing array of aries. It was interesting to watch

bars in the Tower of London and, headgear—hot, black bearskins; the preparations for the sixth of

the night before a coronation, are plumed and feathered helmets; May. Officials had decided that

brought to the Abbey and guarded cockades resting on powdered wigs after all these smudgy centuries, in the Jerusalem chamber. of coachmen and footmen in livery; London should have a clean face

Seeing this Coronation scene bethe dark sailor hats of the Yeoman for this occasion. The upper pinfore the Grand procession of the of the Guard, with white flowers nacles of part of the facade of Westmorrow was like reading the last around the crowns, curious above minster Abbey were duly scrubbed

chapter of an interesting book first, the Elizabethan ruffs and scarletwith a powerful preparation and but it whetted rather than diminhooded capes. Jewelled turbans of then washed with skimmed milk for

ished interest. As we left the silk swathed the heads of darkskin- preservative purposes.

theatre, crowds were already lining ned princes riding with dignity The Jubilee floodlighting transup along the marching route. upon steeds that bore bridles and formed many parts of London. The

By six in the morning, an incredsaddles encrusted with gems and gardens of St. James* Palace might

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 193

pence. They aided greatly in seeing

the procession, if one was not in the very front.

The procession itself was much like the Coronation, only not nearly so long, and not quite so magnificent.

It was, however, a wonderful sight.

One of the Guards near the Palace fainted under his hot bearskin, just before the procession started. He

seemed to make haste to recover in time to be on duty at the important moment, and the spectators cheered him wildly.

The celebration lasted all day. At

night the floodlights were on, and people walked and laughed and joked everywhere. They danced

on the streets as gayly as if London

H. M. V, KING, THE SURROUNDGEORGE

ED THE BY KNIGHTS THE OF BATH IN Everyone was gay and expectant. were Paris. There was a great bonHENRY VII CHAPEL AT WESTMINSTER spectators at Piccadilly, all night, profire taking and People sat up

ABBEY, DURING CORONATION THE it. CEREvisions around Everyone sleeping with crowded them, in win22,MONY, JUNE 1911.

dows, on the curbs, on beds of straw seemed happy and satisfied as midon the sidewalks, on plinths of monnight came and the crowds gradhave been another wonder of the uments, on each other's shoulders. ually dispersed.

world, with their rock grottoes, their Cameramen were out snapping unfountains, their blossoms with hues suspecting subjects for funny picThe King istransformed the illumination. by tures.

lighting yellow of the imposingThe Dead! line the near of Everywhere marchbuildings the along embankment and later TsJine the sudcame months the next people morning weretheir reflection in the under Thames of death den George. King limit. The to the of crowded Cordonsa golden to old gave a moon London radio. over news announced was the policemen held to bar- a hands make

air of charming andnew romance. in Immediately people movingpic- if rier, as playing ring a around Standards erected were and ture filed out, theatres houses and let rosy, to refused outsider the and

in red, the white,draped blue and silently, dispensing with the "God inside. talked a with goodWe colorsJubilee the along the route of the invariSave King"music which I Irish natured told bobby. him howprocession. to There end no was all closes ably in entertainments the wonderful Coronation had beenthe lighting to festoonthe neon and city London. the Overnight mighty I to see and the hoped had how cellophane.ed love English The into mourning. went Next day Jubilee.of flowers the charactergave most practically every appeared man who to "Did you pass sadly wantistic all to touch decorations. of the

tie. streets the on a black wore through?"asked. he sill everyNearly in window London

was made lovely with flower boxes. "Oh, very sadly,"I answered. STREET SCENE DURING THE SILVER

Many of these had been patterned He dropped his neighbor's hand JUBILEEMARY, MAYOF 6,KING1935.GEORGE AND QUEEN

patriotically in red, white, and blue and let us through, hurriedly closing blossoms. In all the embrasures of up the barrier again. Gradually we

one large store in Oxford Street worked our way near to the front.

suddenly appeared dwarf evergreens Troops on horseback held the front and climbing rose trees, bearing lines in place. When there was too

masses of large pink blooms. The much crowding, the horses gently

hard smoky walls were changed into backed their haunches against the a bower of loveliness. pressing throngs, and that started a

For days before the Jubilee, the backward surge. With people

traffic jams were almost continuous standing so near these horses'and extended for miles. One could hoofs, it was rather awful to think

have walked across almost any street of the damage that might be done if on the tops of tram cars and busses. one animal should shy. It was

One could think all the people in the amazing how quietly they stood.

world must have gathered for this Many people were fainting, and event, and London seemed to be were carried to shelters by the St.

bursting, like a growing boy in last John's Ambulance Brigade. When

year's suit of clothes. they revived, they made their way

Hilarity was rampant. Hitherto back to their former place, which

the war tragedies, in which most no one contested, so mannerly was families had suffered losses, had the throng. Hawkers were selling

left their mark, and even holidays "periscopes,"small mirrors attached had been somewhat subdued. to long sticks. They sold at two

There was no trace of such shillings and sixpence, and could not a state of mind at the Jubilee. possibly have cost more than sixTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1936

Windows were draped in purple, black, or both; flags were flying at

half mast. On the streets people

were selling black boutonnieres, or purple flowers in a black ribbon circlet. Mourning bands were seen

on sleeves. "We mourn the loss of

our beloved King"was printed on the front of shops. As easily as London had formerly shed her cloak of

A CANADIAN TRIBUTE TO

GEORGE V ONE OF the most unusual memorial services held in the British Empire was at Cardston, Canada, in the

Alberta Stake Tabernacle on the 28th of January, 1936, at eleven a. m. In

occasion with the harmony the wards THE EARTHLY REMAINS OF KING GEORGE V changing of the guard in the same Taylor, in the Alberta, Leth'and LYING IN STATE.

bridge Stakes of Zion held services in absolute silence. A fresh man stephonor V. Fully King one George of beside each waiting form, who gravity, she now shed her cloak of ped persons assembled thousand with gave of recognition, no sign but with joy. presiding. S. SerMayor Joseph Low

vices were participated in by Stake King George's body was taken military precision marched noiselessly his to fellows. formation with President the for Edward J. Wood the lyingfor Hall to Westminster

Latterday Jesus Christ Church of of the of the midnight eve on At instate. streets necessary The Saints, S. Reverend H. MidCanon funeral, of the the four sons King cleared of traffic, dleton a were queue and representing the Anglican

Church, and Reverend F. T. Habtwo miles long, reaching down along took their turn at guard duty beside

their coffin. father's good, United the the Church. On the Bridge to Vauxhall Thames was

all stand were assembled members of erected stands been Fewer had formed, ten nine or people standing the Cardston Council, the Town funeral, for the the crowds and abreast. the bridge it doubled Cardston Board, School From President the

of the Board of Trade, and President back until it was five miles long. seemed even greater than at the

Jubilee. the broke People through the Club. Flanking of each Rotary cold in the hours the and Hours and side the stand was of Ca- a Royal in barriers several places could and rain, the people waited and in nadian Policeman red wind Mounted of back. walls not be forced Such file to coffin past tunic. of the the King,

On the right of the speaker were and pay their last respects. Movepeople! Such mass crowding and

until pressing almost the the breath was Scouts Troops Boy Nos. of slow. 1, ment a sudden was When 2, their with leadCardston and 3 of one's squeezed from body! short, occurred, there gap a be would ers, all full in left the uniform. On of beloved England's The body line. in swift to run long keep the stand of were a large number of A Sandringbrought from King was fullblood Girl Indian Guides from five wait another would ensue—and St. carriage a borne on and gun Paul's ham Residential School. Indian steps. at Finally arrived the one

the stand Facing were Indian many station. orb, sceptre, the from The hall historic entrance of the where their braves wives, and them some of St. crown, one wreath Edward's and I his of received Charles sentence veterans the a World and of War, the Queen's—rested on the large number of World War veterans death. In two orderly rows, six—

coffin. draped draped service were Drums overseas at the seen had who deep, people the passing were on

front, scars carrying them many of reversed. the gray arms and Under sides of catafalque. Part the two in received their defense King. of skies the through black draped and lights of the turned were up to discolor creed show the Every and of

streets of the somber London came trict represented. was massed The ceiling, the old of the famous beams

funeral to procession choirs slow Chopin's the Cardston two of Wards of the part focused and lights were the Church, St. Andrew's of Mormon fifes the out march. wailed Then raised rested platform on the where St. Paul's Church, Anglican Residentheir carriage melody. gun The was coffin. of the tial the King's Gentlemen School, the United and Church

were under the direction of the veterBodyguard stood guard at the four drawn by two hundred "blue caps"an leader, S. S. Newton, with W. corners, white trousers emerging or men of the navy.

at the G. organ. C. Laidlaw

In minutes'sifrom black Wellingtons; scarlet The new King and his brothers impressive an two

lence, Scouts, Indian Girl Guides, and coats with white braid trimmings; walked with bowed heads behind

the other fullblood Indians, veterans, and drooping over their bowed their father's body. It was a long

all policemen, churches members of for four mile the griefmarch tassels the of heads heavy white colors silently people and paid of all stricken foreign family and the montall their helmets. In white gauntto the King. homage a of memory

The closing hymn was "Abide lets their hands rested, one over the archs and representatives, many of

With Me,"a favorite of the late other, on their swords. These men them aged. The Queen and women

King. beloved benediction The by of the royal family glass the rode in motionless were human statues—as President a Edward was Wood liveried of state coach by drawn resting as the sovereign himself. At unity prayer the for andJ. peace for

Empire and for the world. the base of the platform stood the coachmen.

This memorial service was one Yeomen of the Guard, in their It was indeed a solemn and imthe colorful most meetings yet of pressive corsight costumes. strange medieval the long to see They

held in the Alberta Stake Tabernacle still. felt equally not the tege go by. genuine One could One the Christ Jesus of Church of were of

Latterday observe the flicker of a muscle. I grief and love for the King who will

Saints.—Joseph Y. Card. saw them thus at the end of their go down in history, we are told, as

halfhour duty. Then came the George the Good.

MAY TO MY MOTHER REMORSE By Cora May Preble By Harry Elmore Htird By Elizabeth Fechser Hanson

for lass me, I shall dared only a lark blueeyed two is a little year ago friends beauties sing, and '"Pwo tall tree lightly the grass!MayTiptoeing over glad a the greenspring upon is making my name To carve * When A

Burnished gold in her flying tresses, ing hills bark.

Sparkle of silver and sun on her dresses; The Mayflower's pristine loveliness and To me the tree seemed as some stately bride,

A song on her lips like a maiden's prayer, you. Sheltered by the rugged mountain side.

Perfume of roses scenting the air; O, any flowerloving searcher thrills It looked so proud and graceful growing

Sweet little May, like an elfin sprite, When he uplifts the lingering autumn leaves there,

Trimming the orchard in pink and white; And finds arbutus bursting into flower. Basking in the canyon's fragrant air.

Tossing her golden daffodils, Much honor to the soil which thus conWith green leaves gently swaying in the

Sprinkling her roses over the hills. ceives breeze

May is a little blueeyed lass And bears the offspring of the sun and It seemed to reign o'er all the other trees.

Tiptoeing lightly over the grass, shower! And yet—I carved my name.

Waving a wand of sapphire and gold

Watching myriad treasures unfold! More glory to the one who gave me birth, Some time ago those same friends challenged

me is incense of her love the perfume The a trip, and see who'd find the tree. clusters the earth: To take against pink Of flowered

SACRAMENT MEETING Her bloom,life is starry like the Mayflower's 'Twasdead,I who found it ragged, torn, and overhead. shivering branches barren I is sing, air, Its Therefore spring the Katharine Warburton on when By

I that to shame with head I hung know my... of song love beauty and and none A

die. glorious one, tree to caused a who. Was.. light beauty pulsing other and temperedHere

is fair, falter, tune but theme the organsong may of my My

I low, alone with as stood head bowed And finest earth, mother. melody shrine on in The my inwardCreate an me

straight from to prayer went up Him A to heart glowing may bendWhereat my heart. my Thee.

Forgive us, God, for then we did not know

Still exaltation throbs HEART'S DESIRE That we would thus destroy your work of

In the voice of a cleanbrowed young priest: art.

"O God, the Eternal Father..."By Grace Zenor Pratt

I the tremble Sacrament with DISTANCES like fallof beauty, thoughts "Cragments I partake.That

*- stars, ing living is years in the remembranceThere Aiken Speer By Clara crystal, of amethyst, Jewels and jade: tree against sky searing a bitter aOf

Fleeting as o'er shadows, sunbeams a thorns; jeer, stinging blood, and aOf are light distant, there years thousand

,"fabric Elusive are of dreams which made. forgive"Father, them stars pool, A I gather precious Quickly gem gem by gall pressed to the.. mouth.And night. veil velvet pierce the of That April wind, almond bough abloom, an An brother. dyingOf my why, Then bird's curls note, a low baby's tangled A I If delight, for or guidance seek them

together weave loom; magic a on And is still. violin sobs andA near, instant quite to they and Are my silver hastily sometimes, chain on Or likeness untoFather, ask carven no we eye?

I of wealth shining hang precious my Thee;

pearls ancient the wondersOnly of Thy in first their orbits flamed since Because sigh, tear, a a hush, flame, a waking peace; deep A space,

fire. rubies, Opals, and sparkling diamonds measured with sons speakingOnly Thy earliest thought, before Before my my a of thread golden upon words reverence birth,

desire! heart's Truths. imperishableThine IMyweave racial ere the struck form from Aye, was

clay, I pause though emptyhandedWeekly light Their was flowing, flowing, toward still the watersBeside earth. the

inI carry hands STEPPINGSTONES cupped away my soul brimmingAnd farthest star far the aye, Beyond, Carmen Malone By beyond untouchable of the Gospel's harvestFresh is infinity; Is distance one whose

glory; to lean earthly pause upon stars as hoe, thoughts above my above As my cleansed wisdomThe of my yesterdays * is fingertips eternally. He, straw push hat broad up from ["To my Myfar task of the tomorrows.For my streaming brow my

And give the good south wind a chance to But as the stars are near through light, so blow He A friendly wholesome greeting to it. Is near, whose love infinity has spanned.

STAIRWAY I peer intently at each tidy row I cannot reach Him, but He reaches me.

to And holds my life within His gentle hand. By Lalia Mitchell Thornton My placetwo upontannedthe handsearth have helped

There scene more is no satisfying—this stair, playing a madeYour SOURCE OF I THE know POWER high, Shining and white and garden as I Than view it. own my earth the sky and Between Haglund By Roger W.

there. shining gloryA I feel fruitful the throbbing land, pulse of life live that hold so you would Would I the sense rhythmic of the unibeauty step, note eachStep upon treasure, far richer gold? Rich than

verse true, strong firm and and the Was strength to task face have you Would

I tool of a I understand am fingers well your knew So nature—but life give ask? measure what And may

gifts are heavensent. Her wrote. the master chordEach

A rich and bounteous harvest is my goal, Then walk with Christ!

Earth vanished with its care, But steppingstones toward it are made You'll find a power transcending every

And my long seeking soul from moments when need,

Reached up and touched its goal; I lean upon my hoe and drench my soul A power that will bring you

Your playing made a stair! In full and deep content. To the heights of thought and deed!

(bditonai never before. The day calls for help. Let the

Ci yaii to the Urtestkood Personal Welfare Committees proceed, in season their of season, of out to seek out the needs A huge weaving machine stood idle, a useless and bestir brethren; should then the quorums quorum

of cogs, spindles wheels assemblage of and and to help. themselves give the be must needed There

shuttles. driving shut had been power The quickly."delay. gives gives twice off. no "He who Later, restored, the motive been had power when are the of of eyes upon the as world Lord The

action, every of the in part harmonious loom was us. interest converts of not your number does "The

producing a marvelous cloth, beautifully patterned. me"said a worldfamous man who was examining Priesthood be subjected of the Church The may like "but I to should "Mormonism,"know how

to a similar comparison. Priesthood A passive faith true to the remain of your converts and is many

useless; unlimited Priesthood has power; an active

is active are after conversion."members That

it earth. the the men accept may conquer Do that challenge! the prove the Gospel must We bottles, or labels passively, as Priesthood empty on this issues day; other of meet the or any and may

do they actively use their new power to promote we must do so in the faith and power and dignity the of latterday cause the Lord? A. W. to this question is a measure of the of the eternal Priesthood of God.—/. answer The

condition of the Church itself. The authority that

Priestpossible, the inheres in makes the Church is, is the dkelTl eantng ofW<onor as so hood; therefore, the Priesthood

Church. To "put on the strength"of Zionis "to 0'\ne of the earliest chronicled codes of conduct

put on the authority of the Priesthood,"said the given of the Lord for the guidance of men fixes

Lord to the Church when it was young. the injunction to "Honor thy father and thy mother

The Priesthood is a great brotherhood, the that thy days may be long upon the land which the greatest on earth, dedicated to the accomplishment Lord thy God giveth thee."Sacred writ definitely

of the purposes of the Lord with respect to His invokes it; secular history testifies of it; the laws of

children on earth. Every Priesthood bearer is men and nations take legal note of it; and the wisneeded for this task. Every man who receives the dom and experience of the ages prove its necessity.

Priesthood accepts the obligation to use his new But the meaning of that word "honor"has been so power to help his brother as himself. Within the conveniently interpreted and so variously observed

Priesthood the strong must serve the weak, so that that brief and specific comment upon some of the all may more perfectly do their assigned tasks, and elements that go into its real meaning may not be rise nearer to their divine destiny of joy. unprofitable.

The division of the Priesthood into quorums of No doubt the tributes we pay mothers on Mothmoderate size lends itself perfectly to the spirit of er's Day is part of the honor due them. To set

brotherhood and mutual helpfulness. The conaside one day in each year for especial recognition,

dition and needs of every quorum member may be with tangible gifts, family gatherings, and public known through the labors of the Personal Welfare ceremonies, is a much appreciated form of honor.

Committee which should function actively in every Certainly neglecting mother on Mother's Day is quorum of the Melchizedek Priesthood. not to be tolerated. But many mothers, both those

In these trying days, when many families, who are remembered on Mother's Day and those through no fault of their own, are in want, the who are not, are not being honored as they could

Priesthood quorums should earnestly inform themand should be honored.

selves concerning the needs of their members, and Any able son or daughter who fails to sacrifice set about to provide the necessary assistance. his own comfort and convenience in the sharing of

Every quorum should take a pride in the welfare of his shelter and his means as his mother's comfort its members. Within every quorum there is power requires, is failing to that extent, to heed the comto care for many of its unemployed and suffering mandment to honor mothers.

members. This may be accomplished by direct and Any son who departs from the righteous teachindirect means, discoverable in each locality. ings of a righteous mother, is, to the extent of his

Should the Priesthood rise in the majesty of its departure, failing to honor his mother. Any

divinely conferred power, distress among quorum daughter who compromises any principle or ideal members would soon be eradicated. of life for the sake of any apparent social adMoreover, though the Priesthood is divided into vantage, is, to the extent of her compromise, disquorums, it is really one great brotherhood. Therehonoring her mother.

fore, prosperous quorums that need no help are Any child who seeks to reach any goal by any under obligation to give assistance to quorums in unworthy short cut, even though he may seem at distress. By such united action, abundant relief the moment to be successful, is to that extent,

for all may be secured, and the blessings won by dishonoring his mother.

sacrifice may be enjoyed by all. No son or daughter who takes into his body

The call has come from the President of the the body that his mother gave him clean and unChurch, who is the President of the Priesthood, to blemished—those things which are forbidden by

bring the quorums of the Priesthood into action as the Lord's law of health, is honoring his mother.

No son who dishonors any other man or woman hibited; to allow them to do whatever they wish to

is honoring his mother. do. The permission to allow children to do as they

Any son who fails to observe with devotion any please indicates a poor conception of motherhood.

principle of the Gospel of Jesus Christ, is to the The right understanding is to see that they desire extent of his failure, not honoring his mother. to do what it is right for them to do.

No Latterday Saint who departs in any parWe can easily teach children to cleanse their ticular from the truth for which his parents and bodies; we need to teach them to keep their souls

grandparents have sacrificed, the ideals they have "unspotted from the world."Even as we are

cherished, or the virtues they have guarded, is an happy when we can see our children externally honor to his mother, no matter how much personal clean, we shall be doubly blessed when we learn affection he may show her and no matter how that they have followed after our teachings and much devotion he may profess. have kept their spirits clean.

And while mothers appreciate declarations of Cowper said: "The mother's heart is the child's

love, gifts of flowers, thoughtful attention, and schoolroom."If that is true, we should do well

other evidences of regard and affection—and no to assume a more teacherly attitude. We should

mother should be denied these outward displays encourage our children in the constant reading of of devotion—no true mother ever lived who would better books than those they are reading. We

not rather have her son grow to useful manhood, should take the time to read to them from the best loving integrity, cherishing truth, and living in books. In order to emphasize further the lessons

righteousness, than she would have all of the demto be gained from literature and religion, we might onstrative, once-a-year evidences of affection that suggest that the boys and girls dramatize that could be heaped upon her. which we have read. We should discuss vital Honor is an intangible thing—conspicuous in its problems with them at frequent intervals and anabsence, and treasured more than riches and perticipate emotional situations before they arise.

sonal convenience where it is treasured at all. The No mother wishes to tie her children to her

meaning of honor, the very sum and substance and apronstrings; she desires to make them indeessence of honor, is the living of a worthy life and pendent. By giving them sound principles on

the winning of the approbation of the Lord. Any which to work, we can be fairly sure of their

mother who contributes to the building of such a actions. When they are young, we should give

life in any child of hers is honored as only the our reasons for asking them to do certain things.

world's most blessed mothers are honored. As they grow, we can permit them to reason for

To honor his mother with the greatest of all themselves as to what their actions should be.

honor a Latterday Saint must realize his greatest Solomon said:

usefulness in life, must render the highest service "Train up a child in the way he should go; and

of which he is capable, must cherish truth, must when he is old, he will not depart from it."

love virtue, must esteem character, must uphold Often we mothers are guilty of voting into being on all occasions the highest ideals and principles those things which tend to destroy youth, not only of which man has any knowledge, must hate evil of our own families but of our friends and assowith an uncompromising hatred, and must love the ciates. The repeal of prohibition placed temptaGospel and the things it represents more than self. tion in the way of young people. And prohibition

Life's richest blessings await the sons and the could not have been repealed if mothers had not daughters and the mothers who honor each other voted for that repeal. Often we are careless and

before men and before the Lord. R, L. E. allow conditions to exist which create false standards among children. The gambling devices

which seem to be flooding many communities at

Ct it tore 1 1 Lttitant the present time evidence the fact that we are not alert to our opportunities as mothers in the neighborhood.

1 1 iothemooa If we Latterday Saint mothers would only live "1VTTHER IN SRAEL"nas been an honored title and teach our children to live the principles of the from the time when "Deborah, a prophetess, Gospel, we could loose a force militant enough to the wife of Lappidoth,... judged Israel."It has revolutionize the world. If all mothers the world

been a revered one, chiefly because it has denoted over would unite in righteousness they could be responsibility. a great force in the shaping of current history for

The world has progressed to so great an extent the good of mankind.

that it is a very poor mother indeed who cannot We should realize that our children are in reality care for the physical needs of her i children much God's. Much as we are concerned with their doing

better than her grandmother cared for hers. With of right, He is doubly concerned with their choice

wise concern, we mothers pore over volumes telling of the good. As mothers in Israel we should pray

of the latest work in science concerning the calories constantly that He will endow us with wisdom and and the kinds of vitamines our children need. courage in directing our children's activities. By

Carefully we decide what clothing they should our prayers we permit His entering to help in the wear. Yet when it comes to a consideration of molding of their lives. If we do so, we shall rewhat should be done for their mental and spiritual ceive inspiration, encouragement, and aid which

welfare, we have too often been neglectful. will carry us through our lives joyfully—and will

We are told constantly to urge our children to make us become more fully worthy of having a express themselves; to see that they are not inMother's Day set apart for us.—M. C. /.

foimOn

Mapleton Ward—Franklin Stake westward trek under Brigham Young

On Sunday, Feb. 16, 1936, Guy Allwas broken. Mr. Sweeton was born

red was sustained as Bishop of MapleDecember 14, 1840, in Kent County, ton Ward. Canada, a son of George and Mary

Gardner Sweeton. When he was six Cannon Ward—Pioneer Stake years of age, he moved with his mother

Edward H. Sorenson was sustained and stepfather to Nauvoo, Illinois.

as Bishop of Cannon Ward on Sunday, From there they traveled across the

Feb. 23, 1936. plains, arriving in Salt Lake valley

October 1, 1847. In 1859, he moved to

Utah's Oldest Pioneer of 1847 Dies Mendon, Cache valley, with the first group to settle there.

"\17hen on January 20, 1936, Robert All during his life, Mr. Sweeton has

""Sweeton died, one more link bebeen active both religiously and politictween the band of intrepid Pioneers ally, trying to make his community a who braved the hardships of the long better place in which to live.

MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE L. D. S.

MISSION HOME ARRIVED JANUARY 27 AND LEFT FEBRUARY 6 octave f. ursenbach Lyona FirstAnderson,row, leftHelento Harrop,right: MaryElva Parker,Preator, MaryEdithCannon.Allred, Eva Thorup, Josephine Scott, Velda Baird,

Second row right to left: C. Chambers, J. E. James, R. Soelberg, Max G. Capener, President J.

ThirdNew Head of the French H.Huntsman,Taylor, Sister Taylor, John B. Hoge, C. Perry. Roy E. Harris, H. C. Teeples. Wm.row, B.leftThompsonto right: EarlyLevi L.P. Bingham,Blatter, Z.DaleT. Wilson,Champlin,GlenK.Garfield.S. Corbett, Orson Daines, LelandMission Chosen Fourth row, right to left: Reed Bichmore, Noel C. Devey, Cleon Harris, Eugene Bohne, Lawrence

puDER Octave F. Ursenbach was Roberts,FifthW.row,H. leftBurgener,to right:VictorLoraneK. 0.Boss,Kingsford,Duane E.H. LeonHansen,Mather,DonaldKennethP. Fowler,Hacking, LeonardEdward Moffatt.Penman,

*"-* appointed December 23, 1935, as GeorgeSixthC. Henry,row, rightLynn toToolson,left: EdwardRobert Wamsley,Larson. Jr.,RoyAndrewMcKinnon.L. Larsen, John LaThare Hale, Frank R.

president of the French mission to sucSlight, Rodney Richenback, Jay W. Oldroyd, Howard Joseph, H. A. Harmon, H. H. Roylance, Frank Duncan.

ceed Daniel J. Lang, who left Paris, ChristianSeventhDrayer,row,Hyrumleft toSchneider,right: DeanGlenn White,Burdett,EldonH D.Hobbs,Jensen.Noel Condie, Phillip Moon, Ronald Snarr,

February 4, to sail through the Suez Eighth row, right to left: Glen H. Lybbert, LaVor Jensen, Frank Hawkins, Donald P. Seegmiiler,

P. Taylor, Gordon Smith, Harold Anderson, Orr. Francis, Parker, D. Karl Archie Howard Elmo W. thence to Hawaii, Orient, to theCanal

left right: to row, Ninth Chas. Lynn G. Staker, Harold Rowberg, Hanson, Alden B. Snow, L. G. K. Presivia San Francisco.and home Dowdijg, R. L. Hillstrom, Cooper, Carl Frank B. Myron C. Hatch, Cahoon. John

dent Ursenbach has been in the French Tenth row, right to left: Byard D. Wood, Erwin Winsor, Jay W. Marchant, Cecil C. Naegle.

mission about one year, laboring largely ARRIVED FEBRUARY 10 AND LEFT FEBRUARY 20, 1936 in Switzerland among people of his First row. left to right: Lester Oleen Anderson, Carl S. Coombs, Oswald A. Byrne, Gladys Heder,

own nationality. The French mission GertrudeSecondBethrow,Laxman,right toErmaleft:ViolaWilliamSimmons,ArthurGeorgeLee, T.JeraldThompson,Arthur JosephAnderson,P. Lambert.President John H. Taylor,

G. Taylor, Tippetts, Roberts, Belgium, Rachel Arnold Hymas and the Sister Holbrook. Rosson Jay Norman Heber includes France,now

left right: Russell to Third row, Evans, Bud. D. Beard, Cragun, Sheridan Hyrum Alvin Gray, of Switzerland. partFrenchspeaking Boice Stewart, Orin Esbee Val Kone, Carr. Myler.Wilmer William Val Dean

This mission is growing in strength. BernellFourthWatkins,row,Williamright toByronleft: Hawkins,Joseph ArthurNalder LaThairRevill, EugenePederson,C. MirleBlackham,Riley FrankFisher. 0. Nielsen, Carlos

Since May 1, 1935, thirtytwo converts Fifth row, left to right: Carl H. Wilcken, Chester Cheney, Marian Eugene Tippetts, William

branches four made;have been have SmithHurd Dixon.Reeve, Merlin Albert Whitby, Glenn Otto Anderson,Photos HaroldCourtesyMorganAcmeRex,PhotoRobertCompany.S. Jensen, Ray Lyons, Grenoble, at reopenedbeen

Orleans, and Besancon; tens of thousands of tracts, books, and pamphlets

have been distributed; and thousands

of people have heard the gospel message. This information has been communicated by Max Wheelwright, secretary of publicity and advertising for

the mission.

Santa Clara Ward—St George Stake

On Sunday, February 9, 1936, Henry

Graf was sustained as Bishop of Santa

Clara Ward.

Veyo Ward—St. George Stake

Andrew N. Seits was sustained as

Bishop of Veyo Ward on Sunday,

February 9, 1936.

Barnwell Ward—Lethbridge Stake

This Ward was reorganized on Sunday, Feb. 9, 1936, with William Gilbert

Pierson as Bishop.

Diamond Ward—Lethbridge Stake

Armond W. Sabey was sustained as

Bishop of Diamond Ward on Sunday,

Feb. 9, 1936.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1936

The Manti Temple mission, being one of the first Elders volumes for the use of the sightless.

The Manti Temple was reopened appointed to that country when the One hundred and fifty sets have been on March 2, 1936, after having undermission was first opened, July 24, 1929, ordered from the American Printing gone many needed improvements. An and serving there until December, 1931. Society for the Blind at Louisville,

addition to the annex provides a large Mrs. Toronto and their daughter acKentucky. The purpose is to place

room for the recorders, a private office companied him when he left April 15. a copy in each of the large libraries of

and a reception room for the president Elder Toronto is a graduate of the the United States and one in each of and also a private office for the chief Latterday Saints College and the Unithe missions. The committee of the

recorder. versity of Utah. Society for the Aid for the Sightless

consists of George Albert Smith, presPresident Clawson's Trip ident; S. O. Bennion, vicepresident;

On March 4, 1936, Pres. Rudger John Wells, secretarytreasurer; NeClawson returned from a seventeen day phi L. Morris, Harrison R. Merrill,

tour of the California Mission. He and Melvin Ridges, directors.

reported visiting eleven districts and fortytwo branches. One HundredSixth Annual

Mt. Pleasant Anniversary Conference

Mt. Pleasant, Utah, celebrated the

77th anniversary of its settlement on HPhe one hundred sixth annual conFriday, March 6, 1936. ference of the Church occurred

April 4, 5, 6. Each meeting was well

College Ward, Logan Stake attended and Saints from many sections

The College Ward, Logan Stake, of the Church were edified by the was divided and the Young Ward oraddresses. The music was furnished

ganized on March 8, 1936, with Allen by the Tabernacle Choir, under the

Olsen as bishop. direction of J. Spencer Cornwall, the

Hyrum Stake Choir led by William H.

Cokeville Ward Terry, and the Singing Mothers asThe Cokeville Branch was organized sisted by the P. T. A. Chorus, directed

as a ward on March 8, 1936, with by Charlotte O. Sackett; Frank W.

Sharon Reed Dayton as bishop. WALLACE F. TORONTO Asper presided at the organ.

National Boy Scottter's Conference

President Heber J. Grant and Elder Assistant Choir Director Chosen Mrs. a> w# Ivins Passes Qn

Albert attended SmithGeorge on ["\ Sterling apWheelwright was Ivins, IVrs. Elizabeth Ashby Snow 15, the 1936, NationalMarch Boy -LVA assistant pointed Tabernacle Ivins, 81, of widow Anthony W.Scouter's held Conference at French choir director the and of field manager first late counselor to President Heber Springs, Indiana.Lick church music committee, on 26, March 21, at her 1936, Grant, died March J.

1936. holds Mr. Wheelwright degree a Street. to home, devotion 519 Her B MissionFrench Moved in music has studied and with eminent her children long her has and husband of the Headquarters The French in teachers the eastern part of the the the been of members by knownMission Paris to were from moved States. United the present he time At St. resident Church. of a While Leige, Belgium. Campine, de65 Rue is studying in teaching and music Chithe she president George, of was

Pioneer Dies cago. Young Women's Mutual Improvement

at Born Ogden, early Utah, he beAssociation, in while Mexico, and Old Elijah pioneer a N. Freeman, active of came as a conductor of choruses she as Relief of president served the 14, in 1847, 1936.Utah died March editor as and of an publica- a musical years. for several Society

Laramie, Wyoming. tion.aging editorAt theofpresentthe Educationaltime he is MusicmanShe was the mother of nine children,

On Sunday, March 29, 1936, PresMagazine which is published in Chieight of whom survive her. Her eldest

ident Heber J. Grant dedicated the cago, Illinois. son is Antoine R. Ivins, one of the

L. D. S. Institute at Laramie, Wyopresidents of the First Council of the

ming. He will assume his new duties when Seventy.

he returns to Salt Lake City this month.

Portraits Hung The portraits of Mr. and Mrs. JosSamoan Mission Head Chosen President Clark Named to Post

eph H. Ridges were hung in the State "Dres. J. Reuben Clark, Jr., has been

Capitol Monday, March 30, 1936. \17illiam M. Waddoups, president appointed on an international ComElder Ridges was the builder of the of the Hawaiian temple from its mission of Experts of seven members

famous Tabernacle Organ. dedication November 27, 1919 until for the codification of international law

the present time, was appointed on for the Western Hemisphere. PresiArgentine Mission March 25, 1936, to head the Samoan dent Clark represents the Common Law

The Argentine Mission has changed mission of the Church of Jesus Christ system of jurisprudence on this Comits headquarters to Calle Madro 749 of Latterday Saints to succeed Elder mission. His appointment was an-

(Villa Versailles) Buenos Aires, ArWilliam G. Sears. Ralph E. Woolley nounced April 17. President Clark

gentine. has been appointed as president of the was a delegate of the United States to

Hawaiian temple temporarily. the Seventh International Conference of

New CzechoSlovakian American States which met in MonteMission President video, Uruguay, December 4-26, 1934.

Book of Mormon in Braille The Report of the United States DeleThLder Wallace F. Toronto was gates states that the setting up of this

appointed on March 11, 1936, presAdded to the great number of lanCommission is under a Conference ident of the CzechoSlovakian Mission ** guages into which the Book of Resolution "which was developed from to succeed Elder Arthur Gaeth. Elder Mormon has been published, is the new a proposal made by Mr. Clark of our

Toronto has previously served in this Braille publication of the book in seven Delegation."

Mother's day—reunion—gifts—children who come—

and go and an Understanding mother By VERA HINCKLEY MAYHEW

And how she had prepared. Every When you have a 'passel'of little

inch of her little home shone with fellows you look forward to the time the scrubbing she had given it, and when they'll be the ones to get up in cupboards and shelves bulged with the milk. to dark as soon Then

MOTHER the good things cooked. she had ever they're big off they're enough

Her arms filled with the bright about their own affairs."

blooms, she turned back toward the "Why don't you get the Thompfirst rosy streamhouse. But no matter how much son boy to milk for you? He'd beers of lightT.hewere streaking the easther mind told her she must hurry glad enough of a little spare change,

ern sky, when Mother softly opened she never could go in without glancand you could stay in bed a while the front door and stepped out onto ing over her garden. A little sigh longer of a morning. Seems as

the tiny rosetrellised porch. She escaped her for the flowers and though you'd earned it."

stopped a moment to breathe deeply bulbs she couldn't afford. Even as she asked the question

of the warm spring air before she She had felt that way about the she knew the answer. The spare

went into the garden. children. The things she had to do change that would be welcome to

Her heart sang with joy. It was without for them had caused an the Thompson boy would be just as

going to be a lovely day. Even naactual ache in Mother's heart. It welcome to Jarvis for another year

ture was putting on her best clothes had been especially hard to see or two. She smiled to herself and

to make Mother's Day perfect. She Jarvis, her baby son, struggle for loved him the more for his gruff

walked lovingly through the garthe things she wanted to give him. answer: "Oh, kids nowdays don't

dens to the east fence where the Her face was all joyous tenderness know how to make a critter give daffodils bloomed in golden proas she gently twisted the ring he down her milk."He wouldn't put

fusion. had given her around and around the blame on Jarvis any more than

Her blue eyes were shining as she on her finger. It was his class ring; she would.

stooped to break off the great yellow the one high school boys reserve for The morning sped by on wings.

flowers, for everybody knows that the best beloved. She remembered Mother brushed through the house

daffodils should be picked in the his telling her, "You're my best girl, again to make sure there wasn't a cool of the dawn to be at their lovesee!"The thought of Jarvis and speck anywhere. Father did the

liest to grace a perfect dinner table. the money he would still need to milking, ate his breakfast, and went

Dinner today must be perfect, befinish his medical training kept her off to Church. "Aren't you comcause the children were all coming from caring too much about the ing?"he asked as he prepared to

to be with her on her day. Not flowers. leave the house.

once since John had gone away to "I thought since it's Mother's Day study medicine had they all been When she entered the I'd just stay at home and write each home together. Her eyes softened house again she could hear Father of the children a letter. Seems like

as she thought of her darlings tostirring. Milk trucks came as early I never get time on a week day."

gether at her table again. They had on Sunday as any other morning. If she didn't give her real reason he

planned to surprise her, but one by It was hard on Father that none of could be surprised at the home comone they had wondered if a surprise the boys had taken to the farm. He ing.

wouldn't be hard on mother. So five sometimes grumbled a bit at the "Looks like they ought to be the

letters were hidden away in her selfishness of youth, but she knew ones to write the letters, but have bureau drawer. Each one suggested he would not have it otherwise. it your way. Say, here's a little

that since they had planned to surThey had both believed in letting present I got you for Mother's Day.

prise her it might be just as well if the young ones have their own Hope you like it."A bit selfcon-

she didn't let the others know that choice in matters concerning themsciously he put a parcel into her this one had written. Dear children, selves. Though Father blustered, hands.

they had not wanted the pleasure of he didn't mean all he said. It felt like a book. Maybe it was

the others in the surprise marred, "What you get up at this unthat new poetry anthology. She

but they had each wanted Mother earthly hour for, Mother, I can't didn't often have time to read, but to be prepared for them. see. You don't have cows to milk. she loved to pick up a poem occa300

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1936 sionally, and many were the verses a child, "Grammaw, surprise!"told right on which the children had all

she carried in her heart to make the her that it was Geraldine and Max "taken"would be buried under a churning and baking hours more with Bobby. As she opened the scarf like this, and her dining room

pleasant. door Bobby all but pushed her over was furnished for lighter, simpler

Her fingers fumbled at the string in his exuberance. things. Her mind was thinking

but at last it was open. A Bible "Aren't you surprised, Gramthese things as her voice answered:

dictionary and handy reference commaw?""Oh, anything pretty as this will

pendium. Her heart fell. She "Surprised as ever I can be and look well any place."

wasn't one to study the Bible much. gladder than I can tell you,"she "Cook, cook,"the baby was

Some of the lovely stories and the said. saying.

psalms were a part of her life, but "Has Daisy any more calves?""Oh, the love, she remembers

topoint—well—Motherlook up references justto provedidn'ta time"Justher lastbabiesweek.to yourShevisitsseemsprettyto whereSundaythetwocookiesmonthsareago.kept fromIsn't thatthat

religiontake her that way. She well."cute? Can she have one, Jo?"

it Fatherknew was just what "Whoops, I'm going out right asked. Mother

wanted and that he would spend now!"Flying feet and banging

no, "Mercy it's almost for time it. hours happy with so shemany doors—nap. soup and Here, Gilbert, asmiled sweetly gave and "Mercy, it seems good to get her him

you take her out in the yard whilewifely kiss as she hurried him on his where that child has room to take way to Church. a jump without knocking down the she forgets, and I'll fix her lunch."

She went into the dining room plaster on the apartment below,""The baby swing is still under the and began to set the table. As she Geraldine said as she took off her apple tree,"Mother said as she

placed the bowl of flowers on the hat and ran her fingers through her walked to the door with Gilbert.

table she heard a car drive up. It shining hair. "And, Moms, here's Just as she opened it Jarvis came up

was John, her eldest, and his wife, a little something in honor of the the steps.

Eve. How handsome he looked as occasion."Jarvis, Mother always thought,

he came swinging up the path. The Mother took the dainty parcel and was the finest looking of the lot.

children were all tall like Father, opened it with eager fingers. A Blond like the rest and big like

except Lorna, the baby, and she was lovely, silk nightgown! Mother Father, he had her soul for beauty.

tiny as Mother. Tom had said stroked it gently. Her rough finger She often wondered how he could

when he was courting her that she tips caught in the delicate threads. be a doctor; things hurt him so terhad the tiniest hands in the world. She could just see Lorna in this exribly. "But that's why I must be a

"Except Mother's,"Jarvis had alquisite creation of lace and silk. doctor,"he had said. "They have

ways added. Mother was afraid that to wear it the best chance to make things

herself would make her feel a little better."

/\s John caught sight of foolish. "Moms, you can't guess what I

Mother he quickened his steps and "Time you were spending some brought for the queen of my heart,"reached the path as she did. He time to doll yourself up a bit now (Continued on page 324)

gathered her into his arms with a that you have us all off your hands,"mighty hug. Geraldine said carelessly.

"I can hardly believe you're here,"Mother giggled, a little selfcon- she murmured against his breast. sciously.

"You bet I'm here. If half of

Mount Oaks gets sick while I'm /\t that minute Gilbert here they'll just have to get well and Jo arrived and the family all again. This is one day I'm coming circled around them waiting a turn

home."to play with twoyear-old Marjorie,

"He was expecting quite an imwho, with her golden curls and big portant call and I didn't think we blue eyes was surely Mother's baby.

should come,"Eve broke in. "But Jo was quite breathless with the

he said the hospital could handle it effort of getting her packages gathand here we are."ered up and in the house. "Hello,

Eve was a small person as dark Mother, hello, every one,"she greetas Mother's crowd was fair. Mother ed them and dropped her hat, bag,

didn't feel that she knew Eve very and small suitcase on the bed and well. Eve handed a large frilly held out a tissue wrapped box to

package to Mother. Once again Mother. With trembling fingers

Mother's eyes were starry. She Mother untied the string and held

did so love to get presents. Candy up a shimmering velvet scarf large

a whole five pounds of itl Only Dr. enough for a grand piano.

Stephens had banned sweets. She "Oh,"Eve sighed. "Where did

pretended gracefully and placed the you get it, Jo? It's exactly what I

large box conspicuously on the need to finish my living room just buffet. right. I've just redone it and wanted

She was just showing Eve into it all finished for Medical Auxiliary the tiny bedroom to remove her next week. Where are you going

wraps when she heard voices on the to put it, Mother?"<ks

porch. This time the shrill call of Yes, where? Mother's old up301

Exploring the Universe By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

Method of Striking Key Has parachute. The fuel now used is the glass apart. (Science, January 31,

No Effect on Tone liquid oxygen and a liquid fuel such as 1936.)

gasoline or alcohol, mixed when the "T""\espite anists statementsto the contrary,of eminentthe tonepirocketture developsis readyenergiesto go off.ten timesSuch greatera mixAmericanTPhe firstPolarannualSocietymeetingMeetingof the

given striking key a on thanproduced by A TNT. Polar Society American was held

in matter what the same noa piano is Dr. Goddard dislikes talk of moon a few the American ago at weeks

is (Science struck,"the keymanner flights his present announces oband in City. The Museum York New reso February Letter, fiftyNews the into miles jective as reaching society year a organized ago by was

the of Charles Professorports 8, Weyl1936) meteorological, stratosphere "to obtain relatives friends the of of a group and result as a Pennsylvania ofUniversity astronomical, other magnetic, data and in exploring the Antarcwere men who question. this Using research onof new altitudes those exceeding greatly of tic Dr. with with Admiral and Byrd

a giant model of the action of a grand which can be reached by balloon."Lincoln Ellsworth. The purpose is to

key, hamof one consisting onepiano, all in interested together persons scientists band direction the under Russian to able string he was onemer, and regions. of the the exploration polar using rocket Polyarny of a Engineer conmore has no musician that ashow five feet claim to high have about the striking after tone, thetrol Diabetes over Improved Treatment in feet one height of 19,000 reached a bullet over a has a marksmankey, than Letter, Febminute. (Science News in the valuable 'T'he discovery "most gun. trigger of the a pressingafter

15, ruary 1936.) * disoriginal since treatment the that tone believe musicians Usually

is insulin"the in covery of announced factors conseparate are loudnessand Radio Poorer Reception the of AsJournal Medical American the pressing of the mannertrolled by For Years Two sociation. preparation made new A that claim scientists, however,keys;

are protamines, combining by which will the reception be poorer time on by the HPhere at same determined areboth acids, elementary of amino compounds A evidence the the of of radio broadcast part bands due a key.the piano As insulin into protamine with make oscillograph increasing of to the the sun spottedness used anProfessor Weyl sulinate, has Danish been found by in tone in reyears, occurring differences next the two detect couldwhich investigators. 31, (Science, January eminent than of Stetson accurately Dr. ported Har- T. Harlanfive times more not insulinate 1936.) does Protamine to University the AssoAmerican vardpianists.

in insulin the take of ordinary place for ciation the Science of Advancement is of diabetes, treatment the used but at St. 7, Louis. February (Science, Arch KeystoneIndians Knew it in cases. severe along with The

) 1 activity the of sunspot sun The 936.

it is relatively because compound new arch the keystone that beliefHPhe cycles, of the follows the maximum insoluble to tends absorbed be and * in the World not known was New 1938. in early cycle present coming

it is the easier adjust to slowly more as to changed be have apparentlywill metabolism. carbohydrate comThe Alfonso Dr. by of findings resulta Pauline Epistles Being Rare availyet commercially is not pound FebruLetter, (ScienceCaso. News Deciphered

able. fathe at Excavating 1, 1936.)ary

rarest of the oldest southern and in the "Crom one Alban Montemous New Treatment for Tuberculosis the a few * Bibles dating where from world, in the state of Oaxaca,Mexican treasure eightysix century, leaves of third a remarkable agoyears have 'T'heA tuberculosis,newest methodsincluding ofa treatingsort of offered stones was Indian to light as precious come Arab tradersgold and discovered, he found the principle of them for sale. Sir Frederick Kenyon, Adam and Eve operation in which

the keystone used in a tomb which was noted Biblical authority, is editing the not one rib but parts of ten ribs are found buried under three layers of fiftysix leaves that are in England. removed were recently described by

plaster floor in the layer known to be These with the thirty owned by the Dr. James A. Miller to the alumni of

next to the oldest in the city's history. University of Michigan contain almost Columbia University. (Science News

Though this shows that at least one completely the letters of the Apostle Letter, February 22, 1936.) Collapse

mason knew the keystone principle, Paul from Romans, fifth chapter, to the therapy is the name given to four prothis is the only evidence yet found First Epistle to the Thessalonians. The cedures which have already saved

among the extensive Indian structures text is written in Greek with a vegethousands of lives and improved and in America. table ink in a fine hand and, according shortened the treatment for tuberculosis

to Sir Frederick, is easy to decipher. patients. Dr. Miller said: "Collapse

Progress With Rockets therapy is without doubt the greatest in the that has been made New Glass for Cooking Utensils advance tuberculosis treatment of pulmonary"Present progress and problems of * rockets were reported by Professor A new type of glass suitable for new within a generation."The principle is

Alexander Klemin of the Daniel Gug- * topof-thestove glass cooking that of "placing the affected lung under genheim School of Aeronautics to the utensils is one of the results of three conditions of rest and collapsing cavElectrochemical Society. ( Time, years'research for astronomy. A study ities which may have been formed."

March 2, 1936. ) He reported that Dr. of 1,500 different kinds of glass to find In one of the four procedures, sections

Robert H. Goddard in New Mexico one suitable for the disk for the new of all of the fixed ribs ( ten in number

with a twelve foot rocket, weighing 200inch telescope for the California are taken out in successive operations, 140 pounds, had reached heights Institute of Technology led to the deallowing the chest wall to collapse, around 7,500 feet and a speed of 700 velopment of the ultralow expansion which controls the activity of the miles an hour. To prevent wabbling type of glass by the Corning Glass disease by closing the cavities. Though

in flight Dr. Goddard has worked out Works. Ordinary glass cracks when rest cures in conjunction with this

a small gyroscope to move the tail heated suddenly or unevenly because treatment are still important, climate vanes when necessary, and on its rethe large coefficient of expansion sets and forced feeding are not so important turn it is protected by an automatic up unequal pushes and pulls which rend as they once were considered to be.

New Bible Evidence book may be a flower that blows; "Enos Mills, of the Rockies"

far town; to a A road A (Hildegarde Hawthorne and Esther roof, tower; a a well, (Sir Charles Marston, Fleming H. A

Revell Company, 19341935.) A book Burnell Mills; Houghton Mifflin Co.,

May be a staff, a crook. New York; pp, 260; price $2.50.)

should Saints welcomeT atterday—Lizette Woodworih Reese.

*"* concernto read every opportunity ing the excavations taking place in the "Rnos Mills is no stranger to the the of the readers of "majority regions surrounding andHoly Land for, during books, of Steps Upward in Personality is the list magazines andin Biblical characters early the which following chapters references of many his conlater life, a constant he was and lived.moved book The New fiction of ingiving prove which will tributor, lecturer, and book maker. theBible as as well book Evidence

—M. C. J. his Hildein collaboration wife with to Is Bible much—Thepreviously briefly reviewed in the Era terest and value to young people. This new book about him written by True—have

in lacking though garde Hawthorne, clear in the ofrecommend them way Four Hedges A Gardener's his inspiration characterized the whichanalysis the in recent of excavations Chronicle it is interesting although works, ownlands of and Egypt. Asia Minor

The author's attitude is fair in that he (Clare Leighton, Macmillan might be termed too much a catalogue states definitely that not all of the eviCompany, 1935.) of his activities and of his writings.

is final in available yet reachingdence a is of simple narrative book a The interest the genuine from Apartconclusion events. dates and on Howlife of the the Mills time from when * this of writer holds because which all ofever being evidence the uncoverhis to with as he used a dream boy vivid of choice her unusual word, and truth to the Bible of the tendsed prove in his of the to death Rockies mother ability to apart her genuine from make critics'as opinions. to Bible opposed nationally after 1922 he become had lift the her themselves from woodcuts the Sir Charles be Marston would guide, as a a Mountain famous Rocky flat of the surface page, Leighton Clarelast that to should ask person everyone hotel, of lyceum a keeper a mountain stir in will desire plant her reader to a reservation. his opinionaccept without lecturer, observer, a Colorado snow in for a matter garden himself—no in his readers read to does wishHe national of the and parks champion soil the condition on be what may thatan he openminded manner which life, writer conservation a wild of and to has he work. which it the representingpresents, as does note. considerable of

is gardener's than a book more The archeologists.best of opinion modern

it is is chronicle; for inspirer story the genuine a has power which one The areIn our Church we

in inspire for observation it to nature. or inkeener boy The any may who man truth. in learningterested should particularlyWe it feel his friendliness cause heart us author to he read to give even a makes athen the read excavaabout newest

tions and keep abreast of the times. for weeds. The book is arranged with loves. Enos Mills did just that and

This volume, reinforcing as it does a chapter for each month, beginning thereby became one of the wellknown the Bible, will prove of especial inwith April. When you are planning figures of the Rockies.

furnyard, your do for you mayterest the what addition to all to of us. In is beautifully printed and The book

the of contents ish your with mind gives illustratedvaluable information of this copiously which he means by concerning Biblical dates, he makes the delightfully helpful book.—M. C. J. photographs taken by Mr. Mills or of

geography of the land take form. him by others. H. R. M.

—M. C. J. Cottonwood Yarns

V. Stephens, (Dan Hammond We Who Are About To Die StevensSteps Upward in Personality and Co., 1935.)

Scribner's Charles Lamson, (David Professional (Laura Haddock, introductory objective author's and HPhe

Sons, price 1935, $2.50.)Technical York, 1931.) is Press, New since his mentioning well worth

is essential for the of point so view is this not pretty book a lthough will classes in our MutualnpEACHERS A realize. to write reader a book "To "* will and one people which many to well study thorough a do make

is privilege. that enriches reader a a

is feel depressing, does David It is this Lamsonof usable capable book. no write that impoverishes a him book To thing he undeniably so a good when publicationcheap popular emwhich is as great as misfortune can about a the presents prison the from system artificial buildingphasizes as elements

If befall publishers author."an more of point although he one of view who, ispersonality. carethe a Rather book this to opinion hold the world would is is die,"also being to "about aful human theotrained study a by woman place. happier a be would

all. after will be not reforms Prisonretically, of received having her master Saints chapter Latterday the To until effected the understand whatarts practically we degree, student as and will called Trail"of be "The Mormon life conditions of are. prison Cerin schoolscounselor the Detroit public interest. great states: author The tainly increase of and with crime thein Michigan. practically journey, un- "This over the high unbelievably expense now

trails, herself realizes the Miss the River Missouri Haddock marked from it, curtail in necessary to trying somedifficulties treating the of at dangers presand of Quarters the north Winter thing done. understanding must be An

fieldthis in subject "as ent comparatively city a Salt of to the Lake Omaha this offer clue reading of will a book unsettled as that valley, of psychollargest trek longestnew and and was the concerning what might be undertaken ogy."history. ap- a sensible in She people has made of a civilized human alleviate to the situation.

proach to the problem and has deIn Utah and the southwest they (the veloped the book in a definitely conMormons) have built a magnificent The author, beyond giving a brief structive manner. The writing is of civilization of which all Americans can explanation of how he came to be in

such a nature that old and young can be justly proud.""death row,"tells the story straightread and enjoy that which appears in The book is a good family book forwardly without trying to win supthis volume. because certain parts will appeal to porters for his claim of innocence.

Not the least attractive feature of each member of the family. M. C. J.—M. C. /.

.

EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

all all times. days But and at rememthat shalt Ward Teacher's Message for June, 1936 onber the day, Lord's on this, thou

offer thine oblations sacraments thy and Saints decide terday whether must SABBATH THEHONOR DAY sins the confessing unto High, thy Most of the will the teachings follow they IT KEEP HOLYAND brethren, before unto the Lord. thy and practices the of men. or Here Lord this shalt other thou on day do none And it the to sabbath day, keep "Remember in instructions given are of the some let thing, with prepared thy only food be shaltholy. Six days thou labor and do all

this dispensation concerning observance fasting singleness of thy that heart may thethy is the seventh But work: sabbath

of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not of the Sabbath: be perfect, or, in other words, that thy

do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy "Our hearts, our desires, on that day joy may be full."

daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidshould not be for elaborate feasts, We believe that a weekly day of rest servant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger whereby some are prevented from havis no less truly a necessity for the physical spiritual for his of wellbeing than man isthat gates; in six within thy For days should simple ing meal a Sabbath. A essentially, but, primarily growth; and we earth, sea, thethe Lord heaven and made suffice. that extent every Sabbath To established, divinely the regard as Sabbath is, all that in the restedand and them perbringing should a fast day, one be its a observance and commandment of Him day, theseventh blessed wherefore Lord

fect joy."was and is and ever shall be, Lord of whothe sabbath day, and hallowed it."—The the Sabbath. "From this Revelation (Sec. 59) weFourth Commandment.

learn that the Sabbath law was among Tomorrow is the rest of the holy sabbath '"Phe USE of the words "shalt"and the first that were given in the land unto the Lord—Exo. 16:23.

to the it holy sabbath keep day Remember it for "shalt City after clear that the the the place of Zion, not"make in that 20:8-11. 11 verse Note—Exo. site giving the located been Temple a definiteLord had and was commandinstitution the prethe of sabbath was

his to to the Pioagain, the designated. peoplement "remember when And in figured creation: of events the And

Sabbath Day and to keep it holy."neers had entered Salt Lake Valley, God blessed the seventh day and sancThere are those who try to make it President Young advised them, and all tified it—Gen. 2:2, 3; also Moses 3:2;

appear that these commandments, havwho should come after them, to obAbraham 5:1-3.

ing been given to another people in serve the Sabbath. The keeping of the sabbath was made a

another age under other conditions than "It is certain that a community which sign between Jehovah and his people 31:1317; Ezek. 20:12. Israel—Exo. of services existingthose the today, the to ignores apply and Sabbath do not

in of rest seventh to one even day The is justifithe will time. pagan present the house become Lord's There no

in 34:21; time sowing and beharvest—Exo. level morality."the partcation of to sink for such an attitude on a low and also 23:3. see 35:2; Lev.

of any Latterday Saint. Articles of Faith—Talmage. The Israelites in the wilderness were comThe Ten Commandments in their Gatherings of families or other relmanded to gather an extra quantity of

entirety have been reaffirmed in our atives or friends on Sunday at times manna on the sixth day and none on the day and are as binding today as the which do not conflict with Church seventh—Exo. 16:1631; see also verses

day they were written. They are a duties are not objectionable but should 4 and 5.

part of the law and order of the always be held in the spirit of the Blessings on the man who kept the sabbath 58:1314. see 56:2; also—Isa. violate recreation other Sports, and do themChurch. Sabbath. Those who of the the law Moses

in activities at theirso on Under not should the conbe engaged Under own peril. violation for sabbath was death—Exo.punishment existingfusing conditions today, Latthe Day. Sabbath 35:2; 15:3236; Jer. compare Numbers

THE SABBATH DAY Lord's rest was cited as its foundation (see Christ's., 17:27teachings regarding the sabbath,

his actions thereon, accusations Fourth and Commandment) "Articles Faith,"the ofFrom Israelitish history sucagainst of In the as course him a sabbathbreak-by Elder Talmage James E. 12:1-8; 1014; also verses cessive rebuked prophets comadmonished and broughter—Matt.

of 2:2328. for profanation pare 6:1-11, neglect the or people and Luke Mark the accepts as Church Sunday The afthe of instance ascribed the healed the See the Sabbath. Nehemiah on womanChristian the sancproclaims Sabbath

forfeiture 12:1117. of fliction the sabbath to the of nation man A day—Luketity of the day. arguadmit without Weand suffering violathe protection dropsy healed from through divine Sabbath was the that under seventh thement law Mosaic 14:1-6. tion; the of the Ezekiel the on Lord other mouth See and by sabbath—Luke of the Saturday, week, designatedday was as 7:2124. 5:5-18; significance the of Sabbath the reaffirmed instances—John

the that holy as the observed day,and and

Israel, the and of judge Let with of no covenant His sabbath days you man a mark to fromchange Saturday a Sunday was not 2:16. sternly observed those upbraided who—Colos. folfeature apostolic administration of the

to> branch the the the Nephites detached keep observed sabbath of The day. To the ministry Christ. oflowing personal Jesus of Israel, the the holy 5; as see which, unto Book day Mormon

this the question that ofGreater Lord—Jarom than or day

soil, also 13:1619. transplanted to American avers, Mosiah was isin actuality the the the of weekly week less imperaan that people the they observance no was commanded Sabbath Alma special of toSabbath, observed as be a day

tive requirement. should the sabbath day, and the particular service to of devotionand

it that teaches 18:23. Christ of Jesus keep Church The holy—Mosiahobservethe Lord. for is that Sabbath the the of acceptable the sabbath observance day Note Sunday

The Sabbath was prefigured if not defiobservance, on the authority of direct revewas an important feature of the law of nitely specified in the record of the creation, lation specifying the Lord's day as such. Moses; and furthermore, observe that the

wherein we read, following the account of In this, a new dispensation, and verily Nephites were strict observers of the law effort: six ofthe creative or period days of the Fulness Dispensation until of the superseded Moses law was last—the the blessed day, seventh"And God left has the of the gospel and of to Sabbath law them the resurby by the Times—the

it: insanctified rested that because it he had It is to the Christ, rected reaffirmed Church. unto given been he had was who who

from all his work which God created and be noted that the revelation, part of which the law—2 Nephi 5:10; 25:2430; Jarom

made."follows, was given to the Church on a 5; Mosiah 2:3; Alma 30:3; 3 Nephi 1:24.

In the early stages of the exodus the Sunday—August 7, 1831: Go to the house of prayer and offer up thyIsraelites were commanded to lay in a dou- "And that thou mayest more fully keep sacraments upon my holy day—D. and

ble portion of manna on the sixth day, for thyself unspotted from the world, thou shalt C. 59:9, 10. Remember that on this, the

the seventh was consecrated as a day of go to the house of prayer and offer up thy Lord's day, thou shalt offer thine oblarest; and this was signalized by the Lord's sacraments upon my holy day. For verily tions and thy sacraments unto the Most

withholding manna on the Sabbath day. this is a day appointed unto you to rest High—verses 1214.

Later, when the decalog was codified and from your labors, and to pay thy devotions And the inhabitants of Zion shall also obpromulgated from Sinai, the Sabbath law unto the Most High. Nevertheless thy serve the sabbath day to keep it holy-—D.

was made particularly explicit, and the vows shall be offered up in righteousness and C. 68:29.

important messageAn FROM THE FIRST PRESIDENCY TO THE PRESIDENTS OF STAKES AND

BISHOPRICS OF THE CHURCH Dear Brethren: ficient food and clothes to provide for Church plan, all persons engaged in W. P.

every needy family in his Ward during A. projects should endeavor to retain their

at the to the statementsT)ursuant made being careful scrupulously winter. Relief to do Society positions, the coming The

* the special Priesthood meeting of Semiday's pay. in this an honest cooperate must work for a day's work by directing

Annual Conference last October, the First and assisting the needy sisters of the Ward 11. Whether we shall now take care

Presidency, through the Presiding Bishopin drying and preserving fruits and vegeof our own Church members in need and ric, made a survey of relief conditions in tables, providing clothing and bedding, etc. how fully, depends wholly and solely upon

the Church as of last September. 6. Every Bishop and every President of the faith and works of the individual

Among the several distressing disclosures a Stake must keep constantly before himChurch members. If each Church member

of that survey, the following may be menself, that other Wards and Stakes may meets his full duty and grasps his full optioned: be more needy than his own, and therefore portunity for blessing, full necessary relief

entire the per cent of That 17.9 Church will extended be to memall needy Church his though or Stake, that even own Ward

relief, received ormembership a total fail in bers; individual so far as members the is to collect not need whole on he of may

88,460 persons; that 80,247 persons (16.3 fast offerings, nevertheless he must collect in their duty and opportunity, by that

relief received cent)per from the county relief fall short. will the much in the full that the order sum sum not

received cent) 8,213 (1.6 perand to the Saints in the early days Speaking for the needs of or relief needed his own Ward

from Church funds; Stake may be passed on to places where of the Church, the Lord said: (Doctrine

That 13,455 were on relief due to unemit is needed. and Covenants, Sec. 56)

ployment; The problem of Church relief is Church14. "Behold, thus salth the Lord unto

to approximately 11,500 16,500 That things to do have many it is my local to wide; accomplished be through

relief, either notpersons did received who sins of; for people—youto repent behold, and your unit It organizations operations. will and

if it that might, farms orneed had who parhave me, are unto not up and come responsibility business the the be of and off relief;farmed, kept have them in doned, to seek because your counsel you his Bishop and organizations—Ward

totalled relief probably That County ways. own auxiliaries, Relief Priesthood quorums, Sodollars million than five andmore a half satisfied. 15. hearts are your not "And full that see relief collections the ciety—to relief approximately a quarterand Church truth, pleasnot the but obey ye have And of the are made. Ward

dollars million 1935; during the yearof a in ure unrighteousness. 7. is to Relief normally not be given as

that County relief cost approximately $5.41 charity; it is to be distributed for work or 16. "Wo unto you rich men, that will

per person, and Church relief $2.48 per service rendered. All members of the not give your substance to the poor, for

person, per month; and Church must cooperate to this end. your riches will canker your souls; and this

That if those now on work relief should The Church itself will be prepared to shall be your lamentation in the day of continue thereon, the cost of maintaining assist to the utmost extent possible in provisitation, and of judgment, and of indignathe balance of those actually needing relief viding work on its own properties for its tion: The harvest is past, the summer is

and without means of selfhelp would, at unemployed members, and also in providing ended, and my soul is not saved!

Church relief rate, cost approximately other work in wisely rehabilitating ranches, 17. "Wo unto you poor men, whose

$842,000 per year. farms, gardens, and orchards that may be hearts are not broken, whose spirits are

This makes clear the size of the problem used to furnish foodstuffs for those in need. not contrite, and whose bellies are not satisrelief is the involved in meetingwhich fied, are and whose not stayed from hands be spared must to wipe out all No pains

curtailofneeds members. Church The laying hold other men's goods, upon whose feeling diffidence, of or embarrassment,

ment of Federal aid which is now forecast, shame on the part of those receiving relief; eyes are full of greediness, and who will

shall, it imperative that the Churchmakes labor with hands! your own family of not great must be one the Ward

thisso far as emergency. it is able, meet 18. blessed "But are the equals. poor who are spiritual welfare of those on The

To enable the Church to do this, the relief must receive especial care and be pure in heart, whose hearts are broken, following spirits contrite, are whose for they general principles are laid down earnestly fostered. prayerfully and A sysand

guides:as shall of see the in kingdom God coming relief for gives tem which work or service

1. Fast offerings must be increased to will go far to reaching these ends. power and great glory unto their deliverequalling dollar peran one amount Church ance; for fatness the the shall of earth be 8. directing coordinatof work and The is withyear. per This an amountmember theirs.

all this will in the of hands be workin of family the of reach every head 19. shall behold, the "For Lord come, and theing the of Presiding Bishopric Church. The single in the person Church.every Those his shall him, recompense and be with and First will appoint a Presidency Church so. give should can more do shallwho he the reward every man, and poor Relief Presiding to assist the Committee

2. paid, fully should Tithing where be rejoice; shall

in their Bishopric work. in cashpossible payment cash and where 20. their generations inherit shall "And

9. It will foregoing that the observed beis is possible, to not then be made payment the earth generation to generation, from

call principles for general the operaonly kind.in forever ever. art and make now I And

of regular organizaStake and Ward authorities, the Relief 3. Sotion The Ward speaking end of so. you. unto Even

tions. coordinating, supplemental, Some organizaciety, quorums the Priesthood and Amen."

organization grouping and may effort possible the greatest exerttions must be necesFaithfully your Brethren, developed. sary as the plan is more fully tithing are offerings fast that andto see

fully paid. The regular Church organization, set up

4. Upon Ward teachers and the Relief under revelations from the Lord, was

Society must rest the prime responsibility planned by Him to meet every emergency for discovering and appraising the wants coming to human beings. The Church

of the needy of the Ward. These wants organization will meet the present grave

if crisis the economic members in acto, under, andmust be administered of the tcL&U/L fully will live but and conscienChurchcordance with the regular through rules and the regular organizations of the Church. tiously the Gospel.

5. Every Bishop should aim to have ac10. For the present, and pending further

cumulated by next October Conference sufdevelopments in the working out of the $aC?Wf&7

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

ASSIGNMENTS NEAR Friday, May 15, Anniversary of the

MILLION MARK Restoration.

Tn 1934 the total number of assignSaturday, May 16, Historical Pilgrimages following Exercises the and filledA merits in the the stakes and

Pioneers."theme—"Honoring Our of the 641,120.wards Church was At

17, ServSunday, Sacrament May beginningthe goal the of year 1935 a all ices to in conducted wards be by million set.of a assignments was The of the Priesthood members Aaronic

justaudit reports, the of annual comdirection the Bishthe under of Wardpleted, total assignof a shows 930,138 opric, following the theme—"Honorfilled year, thements during below 6.9% ing the Priesthood."

the goal. increase 289,018 The was sent Details of programs been haveassignments over gain of 1934, a 45%. all to published bishops been have and

gratifying. for is extremelyThis But in the Section Deseret Church News in parts ofepidemics the some Church for April. and Improvement Era The

conditionsand extreme weather which blocked roads and greatly hampered

Priesthood activities, the total would A YOUNG MAN'S PRAYER undoubtedly have gone well beyond man! a make me God, itthe gain million mark. the was, As

the strength for right Give to stand me or gloriousof 289,018 a was 45% left fight, folks other the have When

It thatachievement. than means more Give the of the courage man me

a quarter of a million additional acts of Who knows that if he will, he can.

service were performed by the boys and Teach me to see in every face young men of the Church. JOSEPH SMITH The good, the kind, and not the base.

greed, Blot DRIVERS out and sham fromDRUNKEN Make me sincere in word and deed, DEADLY me CHURCHWIDE COMMEMOtroubled soul to guard Help me allmy "In as as dvinketh any much man RATION RESTORATION OF selfcontrol. constant, active By or strongwine drink you, beamong ANNIVERSARY ASSURED speech, thoughts, Clean up my my my it ishold not good."

play, of Churchwide comAssurance all statistics likely in the theT7ery to day. from keep pure day And me *"* of memoration the one hundred "of a man! tending O, make to indicate world someme

of the Restoraseventh Anniversarything the other one on the way or G. Metcalf.

tion of the Aaronic Priesthood which—Harlanrelation accidents automobile between

and the use of intoxicants wouldn't occurred May 14, 1829, have reached practically Presiding Bishopric REPORT the REVEALS from ANNUAL impression the personmake any on LEADERS IN PRIESTHOOD all parts of the Church. or sensewhose conscience common ACTIVITIES of this importance event QUORUM epochal The restrainfails to after driving from him

he has partaken of alcoholic beverages. in Church history is being appreciated These are the leading stakes in the

Moreover, such statistics as are availmore each year. Aaronic Priesthood various activities as shown by the audit

in leaders exerof anniversary charge report for 1935: of the annualable in accurate; or not be may may

cises are to requested send reports andfact, is there to support supthe much Total Priesthood Aaronic office the to available photographs whenposition that they been have always Liberty 2,008 Stake Bishopric. of Presiding thefar short of accuracy. reasonable 1,520 Utah

outline of the suggested program The Salt 1,514 Lake conclusive, will perhaps, be More is follows: as

the evidence on the fatal accident record of drivers and pedestrians reported TotalSt. JosephClass Meetings Held During 19352,154

to have been under the influence of North Weber 2,093 liquor. Rexburg 1,989

Of all drivers in accidents, according to such records as were available for Per Cent of Average Attendance at Quorum 1935, 3.1 per cent were declared to Meetings

Maricopa 41% influence thehave of liquor. under been Alberta 40% all in driversBut of fatal accidents, York New 39%

6.8 per cent were declared to have Juarez 39%

been under the "influence."Thus the

fatal accident experience of drivers inPer Cent Average Attendance of Aaronic toxicated was 118 per cent worse! Priesthood at Sunday School

Maricopa 43% in accidents, pedestrians acOf all Alberta 41%cording to 4.9 per cent the same report, York New 39%

were declared to have been under the influence of liquor. But of all pedesPer Cenr Filling Assignments

trians killed, 9.4 per cent were declared New York 81%

to have been under the influence of Snowflake 81% intoxicants. Thus the fatal accident Wayne 78%

experience intoxicated pedestrians of Per Cent Observing Word o/ Wisdom centwas 91 per "Live worse. From Maricopa 77%

and Let Live"issued by Travelers New York 71%

Insurance Co. OLIVER C0WDERY Cache 70%

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1936

Per Cent Attendance of Supervisors "There are many temporary illu- 1. The Moderate Use of Meat. The

San Francisco 100% pass pleasures be used sparshould animals flesh of which sions—socalled Highland 92% the in cold diaingly, weather. are like chiefly for happiness. They

Tintic 92% monds made of paste, or the brass 2. The Liberal Use of Fruit Fruits

Number of Visits to Wards which glitters and is not gold. It is of all kinds, especially fresh fruits,

Salt Lake 450 easy to know a spurious pleasure by should be a regular part of the human

Utah 254 the 'difference in the morning.'Hapdietary.

Mt. Ogden 245 piness more lasts and makes way for 3. Regular Use of Vegetables. The brings happiness. pleasure A shamRating vegetables, edible recognized the All

repentance. and headache Alberta 85 eaten, tuber, leafy, should be root and

Maricopa 85 "'It is for you,'Kipling's not taking day. each of them some Cache 83 life's all 'with to be words, your work Grains. The Basic Use of 4. The that dancing done, needs must you goAverage basis, its Rating—All Stakes 65 include as daily should dietary

devil's garnished the swept and down grains grains. All prepared

is there forsooth a properly because causeway, for best foods, but wheat is are good it.'light at PRIESTS the of smile INAUGendBOUNTIFUL woman's the of man. use

It is strength to for seek not by PLANURATE SOCIAL you

Milk, 5. Beverages. Healthgiving its price, chance. or has hazard Power first activsocial the of the off\NE extracts, notably grain fruit juices and is its effort clean straight price and and ities, Priestfor suggested Aaronic supplement barley, should of bran and is It for nerves. believe to not you in reported 1936, to be quorumshood supplying in water of pure intake the rest, idleness that that unbrings or the conPresidingto Bishopric was liquid. necessary the the with body pleasure. rest are brings earned You Priests'the ofducted Bounquorum by

it is strong, for and young you and mentiful held Teachings First social Negative was The Ward.

resist to to corrosion help stamp and hall.in the amusement Young ward be must foods drink Injurious and

it civilized society. out of participriests the partners ofwomen as is quite important as This avoided.

pated. Bishop Quayle Cannon and "A man ought to be stronger than to eat good foods.

that to him. anything can happen He the of supervisor Richards,Arthur all Alcoholic 1. Abstinence from is no. the strong say can He man who in charge.quorum, were stronger wine, Beer, and Drinks. life, is all his for the wise who, man as socials are Similar recommended eliminated, comdrinks should be soul can keep mind and body and of activity part of the programa proper use. pletely, The from human clean."this for Priesthood quorumsAaronic for is of alcohol use physiological

year. washing of the body in disease.

ADULT AARONIC PRIESTHOOD THE bacco.2. AbstinenceIn no formfromandtheatUseno timeof Toof

PLAN GIVEN NEW IMPETUS life should tobacco be used. Tobacco WORD OF WISDOM has its proper place in medicine andThe publication of an instructor's

* manual for adult Aaronic PriestREVIEW among the destructive poisons.

hood classes and providing a separate A Monthly Presentation of Per- 3. Abstinence from the Use of Tea,

roll book for all members who have tinent Information Regarding Coffee and Similar Substances. All

passed their twentieth birthdays has The Lord's Law of Health drinks containing substances that are given new impetus and motivation to unnaturally stimulating should be elimithe plan of providing separate leadernated from the human dietary.

for group. activities the adultship and APPLICATION PRACTICAL AND OF USHERING IMPORTANCE officers generally Stake and ward RESULTS OF THE WORD BE STRESSED TO this that opinion the expressedhave OF WISDOM

is forwardlooking important move an Meetings in Sacrament Tshering T and many predict renewed interest and A Demonstrated Way to Health, *"* and other gatherings of Latterday activity in regular quorums as well as Long Life and Happiness Saints is to be made a prominent adults.among

Provision in the current quarterly (From a tract prepared by thefeatureAaronicof thePriesthood,training ofit ismembersannouncedof report for accounting for those twenty Dr. John A. Widtsoe) by the Presiding Bishopric. The new

years of age or older is expected to add TThis simple, effective method of lesson outlines for 1936, which will be still further stimulus as the new form maintaining good health and proready for distribution by the first of of report will direct attention to the longing life has been tested nearly one the year will contain definite suggesadult group as never before. The forhundred years by the Latterday Saints, tions for organizing and directing ushmation of a supervising group for misnow numbering approximately threeers and doorkeepers in all church gathsionary work and the organization of quarters of a million persons. erings. Preparation and duty of the

the classes as givingadult by instructions recommended issuing usher, and this of rate of death WisThe Word the to are expected be BishopPresiding similar being topics are training and is that less onehalf than group dom are plans which of theoutgrowth the study detail part of as in new outlined a countries; civilized the immunity of of filled preparation the with complete for assignments Credits course.now diseases of the mankind ravaging from report. quarterly either ofthe all participating form will to given new be

is great, mental, astonishingly the and lesson ushers. or as doorkeepers The far conditions are economic moral and for instructions one outlines containing STRENGTHTHE OF average. the above discussion a to to be devoted periodBEING CLEAN of demonstration convincing a Such ushering in principles involved of the

is unique health the of system value a should read "The"Dvery man young to be another period in and a Church to** suggested the guides among many Clean,"of Being Strength by of to actual demonstration an devoted life. better health longer and part: in Starr says Jordan.David He suggested. the methods

"To be clean is to be strong. All Positive Teachings The outlines are now being printed

the strength that any man has lies in and it is suggested that orders be sent his brain and nervous system and there The Word of Wisdom is concerned to the Presiding Bishop's Office through is no sort of uncleanness that does not largely with the nature of the food and Stake Clerks for the quantity desired begin with an unclean mind. drink taken into the body. for the various quorums and classes.

* - Jfcfc >! tfft aM'ii<*'''t i*'

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Prepare now so that this summer The book gives a good analysis ing the family group in one project you can dress the family in of the different kinds of schools and will be apparent as soon as you start clothing which will take a minwill prove an incentive for mothers the plan.

imum of effort to keep looking nice. to interest themselves in the methods

Crinkle crepe materials do up well employed in their own localities.

and are serviceable. Coveralls and Since it takes both parent and

bathing suits have their places when teacher to make a success of the you want the children to have a educational system, this book will good time without your worrying create an understanding which will Cpringtime and housecleaning over how much laundering will have be reflected in the better accomplishtime seem synonymous. When

to be done as a followup. One ment of the desired ends. the first lazy days of spring come,

all to old the throw want away wedanger must be against. guarded at Parents Look EducaModern that clothes winter of us remind andPhysicians are realize coming to now tion the the from award Parwon slip softer, into lighter clothes thethat sunburning must be graddone helpful ents'the as most Magazine of relax. to sucBefore summer youually, that and excessive suntans parental in published 1935. book that to to urge your throw cumbare not advisable since the of rays

the sun often reach the nerve ends husband's or your son's old togs and injure them. When you start away take a leaf from the book of

suntanning your children this sumMrs. O. W. Williams of Kaysville,

mer, let them stay out for only five Utah, who has discovered a novel minutes the first three days; ten way of using old overcoats and old

minutes the second three days; felt hats. She rips, washes, and

fifteen the third three days; and Cpring always denotes the plantpresses the old materials. Then she

twenty the fourth. In this manner ing season of the year. No cuts a pattern with six equal sides

the exposure is gradual enough that better opportunity could offer itself four inches to each side. This patthere is no great danger of injuring for the carrying forward of a family tern is then laid on the overcoat

the delicate membranes or nerves project. Encourage each member of material and a great number ofwhich lie immediately below the the family to have a certain part of blocks is cut from it—the number

surface. the family plot on which he can plant will determine the size of the rug.

some flower or vegetable or bush ( Six blocks across the center makes which will be his very own for tend- a goodsized rug, which will be diaance. In this way, children can be mondshaped when it is finished.

taught to value more highly their From old felt hats (women's as neighbors'gardens. In addition, it well as men's) designs are cut, the

will keep them actively busy during most popular being the pinwheel figalternating colors the By or by vegetables and are"pLOWERS comis there little to keep ure. a season when

a definite out color scheme, working ing into their this year own in order which would and as them much will attractive. the rug be more made foraccessories hats, dresses, and their to doing wrong. conducive be figures stitched are then These byjewelry. milady steps out When

this season, she will be very much The values to be gained from machine to the center of each overthe exotic woman whose chief charm gardening are numerous and the coat block. The blocks are then

will lie in her femininity. dividends to be obtained from unitfitted together and sewed by overcasting the edges together. With a

woolen yarn of a color which will appear well with the designs used, each square is now finished to outline the blocks and to cover the overcasting stitches. The cross

"\\7e parents need to get every bit stitch can be used well for this of help we can in this difficult purpose. A pattern should be cut

and fascinating business of rearing of overalls or canvas to fit the back children. Parents Look at Modern of the overcoat blocks. The two

Education written by Winifred E. parts now can be sewed together

Bain, Associate Professor in New with the long and short stitch using

College, Columbia University, is one the same colored wool yarn with of the most helpful books published which the blocks are outlined.

recently. Even those parents who When the whole is completed,

live in districts where nursery place it on the floor and you will schools and kindergartens are nonhave a rug which without taking existent will find helpful suggestions much of your time to complete will which can be put to work in their do you and your old overcoats and homes. hats and your home proud.

General Superintendence General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

STREET MAIN A. Y. M. M. I. Y. A. M. W. CITY, SOSALTNORTH LAKE UTAH E. ALBERT BOWENI. FOX, RUTH MAY

Q. GEORGE MORRIS LUCY CANNON, GRANT Offices General L. M. I. A. Y. W. FRANKLIN WEST A. CLARISSA BEESLEY, OSCAR A. KIRKHAM,

Executive Secretary SALT33 BISHOP'SLAKE CITY,BUILDINGUTAH ELSIE HOGAN VANSecretaryNOY,

Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices

NEW PLAN FOR ANNUAL Duet—Gleaner Girl and M Man

CONVENTIONS JUNE CONFERENCE ANNOUNCED I'll Go Where You Want Me to '"Phe General Authorities of the International Broadcast Planned Go, Dear Lord.

A Church have inaugurated a new k I vhe Annual General Conference of the Retold Story—Gleaner Girl—10 minplan for the holding of auxiliary con- * Mutual Improvement Associations will utes.

ventions. This provides that on every be held Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, June Suggestions

date throughout the year on which 12, 13, and 14, in Salt Lake City. M. I. A. Where Love Is God Is, by Leo

all leaders interested others and Tolstoi. and held, half of officers areStake Conferences

in activity invited in A. are to M. I. be Lost The Henry by Van Word visited shallthese conferences by be attendance. in Features the Conference, of Dyke. half Authorities repGeneral and by addition to the the messages First from Precious Rubies, SepThan Moreresentatives auxiliary the organizaof will Presidency the inthe Church, be of 1933. tember Era,tions for the of holding troduction conpurpose the year's work, conof coming

ventions. During the first six months, sideration of better teaching methods, and The Gift of Water, November

these auxiliary conventions are to be music, drama and dancing festivals. Era, 1932.

the are Gifts Plans Gavest being international Use Thou for an made Solo—To theheld Primary and School by Sunday

I. broadcast the Festival combined A. of S. M. (L. 243.) D. page Me last sixAssociations. the During

three Chorus approximately thousand of Social Public Speech by SongM to Man—OurBook, are heldmonths, they be by the voices to presented be over the Columbia in Raising Obligation Standards OurRelief ImproveSociety Mutual and Broadcasting System on network a of of Integrity Honesty, and listed for Associations. Thosement U. possibly sta- S., Canadian, and European

to be read by good poem tions, Sevier, Tintic, are: NorthJune 2728th from 10:00 to 10:30 a. m. MST SunReading—A

leader. or class a mother, father, 14. day, June Yellowstone. Those Woodruff,Weber,

will broadcast include This address an on are: South Sharon, 5th Nevada,July RELIGION—EDUCATIONwill the Youth and heard and be Church on Tooele. Timpanogos, Summit,Summit, RECREATION—IN THE the regular series the Air Church as were of in hearty acare Boards GeneralThe OUTOF-DOORS testimonies the First the Presidency of on

plan, apprethe with andcord new the occasion the April of Conference. (See bulletin conis the title of the HThis of meetingciate opportunity greatly the to pages 270 273.) for suggestions delightful A taining their at quarterly constakes thewith directors reStake music are and Ward It 1936. has of our program summer quested special this take to noteferences. broadof

to all stakes issued and missions. been in leaders the missions I. A. and M. that cast, it imperative This plan makes

officers should Stake read it and ward are in America urged and to keep Europe organithere should be a continuous that features select in carefully their local the with broadcasting touch and of- I. stakes inzation the in both A. M. will to stations ficials radio determine what happily they can promote most among season during the wards,and summer this release feature, that so groups Church of their the groups. During month It is urged, winter. asas the well during hear the broadcast meet wherever and may will these arrangements been have May if there vacantherefore, are that any it is available. that reports be completed so made may officers, theycies in be of the ranks our

filled at once so that the organization at the June Conference. On Monday,

completed before the convenwhich promptedmay be Charles W. Penrose Junea special15th,institutefollowingwill betheheldconference,at which held.tions to write are this song.)

instructions further will receive activities. for summer and inspirationSUGGESTED CONJOINT Reading—FatherClosing Song—LoveForgets.at Home. leadersPROGRAMS Benediction.

Tn the December Leader, the request Another Conjoint Program is sugAdults

A was made for the most successful gested for M Men and Gleaner Girlsprograms to be sent to the central to carry out. ADULT SESSIONS

office. D. Evan Clyde, Mission SuperTheme—To Develop the Gifts Thou JUNE CONFERENCE

visor of the M. I. A. in Minneapolis, Gavest Me. As the years pass, this annual conMinnesota, sent in several—two of Opening Song—If There's Sunshine in ** clave of adult leaders from all parts

which we are passing to others as sugYour Heart. of the Church will certainly take on

should more this gathering and Second for Spirituality More and stand Song—What Shall the HarvestgestiveTheme—Weof what may be done. Prayer greater significance.

will Be? This word a "critique."become Happiness in the Home. ( To be read

at opening of the meeting.) Three to five minute talk on the slogan be familiar to all those who went

Opening Song—Home, Sweet Home. applied to the theme. through the intensive training overPrayer Talk by a Gleaner Girl—Our Sheaf seas in the A. E. F.

I will read the Scriptures Daily. ( In Daily, after attempts to work outSecond Song—The World is Full of

Beauty. this talk she should give the backmilitary problems in the field, the ofTalk by an Adult—The Ideals of a ground of the names Gleaner and ficers assembled at a central point and

Latterday Saint home. Sheaf.) held what was called by the French,

Instrumental selection. Quartet—The Challenge (M. I. A. a critique. Fresh from the day's

SongTalk by an adult—Indulge in no DeTalk by Criticism. structive Book.)M Man—This Moment and vationsmaneuvers,and madethey constructivepooled theircriticismobserMale Quartet—School Thy Feelings. Eternity. (Guide for talk—To what of the day's activities. Plans were

(Give the history and incidents I will become, I am becoming.) {Continued on page 311)

1. BANQUET GIVEN BY

GLEANER GIRLS OF AFTON, WYOMING, AFTER CONCLUSION OF ART OF HOSPITALITYCOURSE.

2. GOLD AND GREEN

BALL, MANTI, UTAH.

3. LOGAN STAKE GOLD

AND GREEN BALL QUEENS.

4. QUEENS AND ATTENDANTS OF THE TAYLOR1

STAKE GOLD AND GREEN BALL.

5. QUEENS OF GRIDLEY

STAKE GOLD A NJ) GREEN BALL.

6. QUEENS AND ESCORTS

OF UNION STAKE GOLD AND GREEN BALL.

7. QUEENS AND ATTENDANTS OF WENATCHEE

BRANCH GOLD AND GREEN BALL.

8. CAST OF PLAY "HE

AND SHE"PRODUCED B Y JACKSONVILLE BRANCH, FLORIDA.

FROM THE FIELD ALSO

COME REPORTS OF SUCCESSFUL GOLD AND GREEN

BALLS HELD IN RIGBY, TAYLOR, AND LOS ANGELES STAKES, AND IN

GARLAND WARD OF BEAR RIVER STAKE. RIGBY

ALSO REPORTS ENJOYABLE M MEN AND GLEANER GIRL BANQUET.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1936

Adult: I wantAnd travelto see farthe away,whole wide world, season'shave severalbudgetsuchof hikesgood intimesit. shouldShare

(Continued from page 309) From the Steppes of cold Siberia this delightful summer activity with the the palms of Mandalay. To Men occasionally. day's following for the M perfectedthen I've Niagara, But seen when clubs have been mentioned Trousseau lestoefforts apply the in an attempt sailed I've across the foam, When

sons learned. Take me back to Arizona before, but this can never be an old

So Mutual workers should meet now, To the land I call my home! idea with Gleaners. It offers many

at the close of another season, not to possibilities. While working with your

receive orders, but for group study, needles you can be listening to a bookcooperative thinking, and planning M Men review, to a play, or to music played of the group. or sung by members field. in the experiencebased on actual

Basketball Churchwide Tourdis- for a topic events could be Current the '"Phe be cooperative spirit shouldThe sixteen nament is over, with this good nights. to cussion climax a As Improvement of essence Mutualvery

Association work. Until we sense this teams participating in the event. Anyphase of your summer program a refully and each one feels his obligation one who attended the games will apception to display your trousseau acto contribute his thought and experipreciate the high quality of activity complishments, with your mother andence in formulating and perfecting our possible in M Men Basketball. perhaps the Junior Girls as your guests,

the cannotprogram, to make hope we the TheM MenGleanernext feature Banquets.on the programThemesis willHaveproveyouinteresting.thought of visiting the through onlyprogress comes which

should the be carefully as selected and other Stake of some home summer effort.unified more, howMore and

out painstakingly It's worked by explore fun to the well as your own? the details throughoutever, adult groups

Church are responding and at the leaders in close cooperation with the new canyons and to get acquainted people, allowing to them groups. other arrangements Such take as with shall have young June Conference,Coming we

initiative possible. of the as much if plans out could are made be worked indeed. discussionssome interesting

affairs the over, leaders are the in If interested are early enough. you look that back When urge you now We again should the with meet groups and talk this idea, might with camp you analyze the season's andover work

list of entertainthe improving ways directors while other Stakes you from success factors of your the primewhat and failures were. In this way, you ments and the activities. are in for June Conference.

activity special The for strong appeal Men has Tennis a will that for the M conclusions reach somemay public speaking. should Teachers are planGleaners, hope you and we the is significant to helpful and verybe

group. arrange opportunities for those who ning to take your share of the time on

qualified other to meet wards community. courts available and the in your to Conference and have Plan to come now

benefit other to speakers. by listening this delightful to the sport Introduce sessions, Department Adult ourattend

where you are invited to voice your Our goal is a continuing program of girls who have not yet had an opporsentiments, present your ideas, recomleadership. As leaders we should tunity to play.

mendations or criticisms, and offer sugkeep it well organized, encouraging Swimming is almost synonymous gestions. the young men to look to the full opwith summer and yet there are quite a

portunities in the M. I. A. number of Gleaners who do not swim.

The following poem is an outgrowth Organize a swimming class and systemjoyouslyof a hobby followed by a G\eaners ingaticallysummergo aboutactivity.mastering this refreshof the Adult class:member

It is impossible for our small GenTAKE ME BACK TO ARIZONA HpHE Gleaner Committee of the General Board Committee to visit many eral Board sincerely hope that wards or stakes during the summer,

By Leova Peterson Gleaner Leaders everywhere are planbut we are interested in your plans and ning to to Conference. come June appreciate hearing from you would to Arizona back me is inspiration to obbe There muchTake It is fun. for the season them. about fair; are skies blue and the Where of tained mingling from with an army time. Plan for a happy breezes; feel desert thoseLet me enthusiastic workers. I. A. M. We air. that breathe mountain Let me especially invite Gleaner and Men M the see canyonsI to long

to the reception to be flowers and vines, Leaders the grass and And held Explorers and Scouts after departour separate immediately the sighing for lonesome I'mAnd sessions Saturday Of the wind among the pines. ment afternoon, CACHE VALLEY EXPLORERS offer us another opportunity which will

Oh, there's magic on the desert to get better acquainted. May we call AND SCOUTS TO ERECT Where the giant cacti grow, to your attention also that the Sunday TRAPPER'S MONUMENT

the enchantment onAnd Session of the prairie Evening the Cache the Navajo! wandering Of the be conducted by forspirit of adventure ConferenceM Men willand "pxPLORERSL/ Valley Counciland Scoutsare oflooking aThere's

Over all the sunny land; Gleaners? ward to the completion of a project

Nowhere else has Mother Nature which has been under way for more Wielded such a master hand. ARE YOU READY FOR than a year. The project is the erection SUMMER? of a monument near Trapper's CacheDown some dim and winding cow trail

On my pony I would ride, Cummer is once more at our door where Jim Bridger and other early "While the old familiar landscape have you made your plans? What trappers cached one of the largest

side; every unfolds on Slow furs of stores cache on record. The year at this of the season do we

I'd like the to water drinkAnd in con1826 1825 and and made is was fun, for the sake of and mostly done spring, sparkling mountain some From furs. sisted of than 16,000 beaver more it all the elements yet of lack not need listen lie grass the and onThen is in erected being monument The be purposeful endeavor. hike can A birds'warbling. the sweet To

the connection Pioneer with Utah of scaling the mountain than a more

I like the mighty city, with a juicy beef steak as a reward. Trails and Landmarks Association and

The bustle and the crowds; It can be an opportunity to shed the is one of the most pretentious underthe fascination in aThere's in the Explorers or Scouts by lack of taken that rush blindness from comes

in the clouds! keeps That me relief It will contain west. a bas showIn- of nature. things of the knowledge lights million on BroadwayThe his typical horse trapper ing a with with is acquainted vite someone who thrilling see! sight to a Are

But the great wide open spaces rocks, birds, trees, and wild flowers to loaded with furs on the banks of the

Are always calling me. go along to supply the romance. The (Continued on page 313)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1936

1. GOLD AND GREEN BALL

OF BAKERSFIELD, CALIFORNIA.

2. M MEN AND GLEANER

BANQUET, BLACKFOOT STAKE.

3. GOLD AND GREEN BALL,

RENO AND SPARKS BRANCHES.

4. GOLD AND GREEN BALL,

BIG HORN STAKE.

5. CANNON WARD M MEN

AND GLEANER DINNER DANCE.

6. M. I. A. BANQUET, FREDRICHSSTAD, NORWAY.

7. JAMESTOWN BRANCH

M. I. A. CLUB.

S. QUEENS OF BOISE STAKE

GOLD AND GREEN BALL.

9. QUEENS OF GOLD AND

GREEN BALL OF CEDAR CITY WARDS.

10. DRAMATIZATION OF SLOGAN BY NATIONAL CITY

BRANCH OF SAN DIEGO.

11. M MEN BANQUET, PONTYPOOL, MONMOUTHSHIRE,

SOUTH WALES. ROBERT

S. STEVENS, TOASTMASTER.

12. CAST FOR "THE PROMISED LAND,"PRODUCED

BY THE JUNIORS OF HUNTINGTON PARK WARD.

13. KING, QUEEN, ATTENDANTS OF SCIPIO, MILLARD STAKE GOLD AND

GREEN BALL.

14. QUEEN, ATTENDANTS OF

GOLD AND GREEN BALL, TAFT BRANCH, BAKERSFIELD, CALIFORNIA.

15. BLACKFOOT FIRST WARD

BOYS'AND G I R LS'CHORUSES.

16. GOLD AND GREEN BALL,

GLENDALE WARD, HOLLYWOOD STAKE.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1936

Explorers and Scouts (Continued from page 311) Little Bear River near Hyrum in the south end of Cache Valley.

The unveiling ceremony will be the outstanding feature of the Cache Valley Council's Camporee to be held

May 22 and 23, 1936.

EXPLORER AND JUNIOR GIRLS TO FEATURE ARTS, CRAFTS, AND HOBBY EXHIBIT Pxplorer Scouts and Junior Girls,L/ have been given an unusual opportunity in the program for the June Conference this year in the assignment to conduct an arts, crafts, and hobby exhibit. The exhibit will be held in the

it climbs the MONUMENT NEAR mountains TRAPPER'S high; As CACHE, HYRUM, historic for Lion House, years many UTAH, TO BE UNVEILED 22, MAY 1936. its tall, It winds through tall trees way the of President home ERECTED BY Brigham EXPLORER Young. SCOUTS OF CACHE That sky. mystic gaze a on VALLEY COUNCIL, BOY SCOUTS OF AMERICA. Invitations are being all extended to grasses Green the dance edge, bordered on

Explorers and Junior Girls to exhibit There are shells and mossy stones;

of their samples handicrafts or hobbies along its questing, And narrow way for your winter party occasion, fill cell at this show. Explorers are whimsical stray being roams. in- A

vited through Scout Executives Johnson. 461. to parbreeze—Anna

ticipate in the exhibits. In the field of business are the cells

The trail is calling to us all. Begin of "Marketing,""Canning and ConJuniors planningjoyous timeat foronceyourto makeBeeHivea happy,Girls. beserving,"sure to "Earningfill cell 655.and Saving,"and

are sure If you cannot continue you In field the of public 'T'he sincerely Junior service Committee you the with summer program should you might stress the cells that deal hopes which with this your year work has secure as early someone as to possible beautifying your surroundings profitable both proved and enjoyable. and take over your suggest Swarm. We making others In the it also happy, closing dewith also weeks that hopes that to continue Swarms once meet a veloping increased will patriotism lay plans conforyou by the seasummer week, preferably ducting flag impressive son's activities. outof-doors—on at ceremonies The summer months

at lawns the girls, in of the homes your camp the are programs and other speon most dangerous because school shady nooks or meadows. Each cial is occasions. for girls out the this of age; playactivities month's should include one a offer grounds not indo very much In the same carefully manner go over overnight excursion, camping hike, a centive or supervision for the biggest honor badge requirements with your breakfast and outof-doors. are the There of them;number their duties and home girls, fill choosing those they to wish inviting beauty spots many to you come often are insufficient to busy. keep them and making your plans accordingly. enjoy and them: canyons, parks, even activity shouldThe suitable one to be Tests should all be made on honor fields.the season, not demanding too much badges before are awards made. Be is opportunity good afforded dureffort A yet sufficient giving and incentive thorough girls with the all in their of ing the for the summer making upfor to carry them during rest on the of work.

the week. Sewing of various kinds ranks or work missed, for earning

may prove interesting. honor badges, bringing honey comb Inquiry has been made concerning

the Club. date, are to books 4-H up coto out happy working and We In the with plans harmony of the operate. applying symbols. Girls BeeHive Where com-

I. for A. theM. work, summer Junior plete courses in club work such and cells field the in Scan careeveryteacher begin early to cast her may fill activities the cell requirements in fully girls, with helping your themgirls for plays, pageants, or dancing filling, they receive credit may for the choose like ones they most wouldfestivals will readily which take care same. BeeKeepers are The to the be fill to during the summer. chart Then theirof leisure. leaders Junior should judges. It is to be that hoped Beethem out and your program. make theremember project of beautifying Girls Hive doing will Club 4-H work fields the While of outof- and homegrounds has which followed for been keep intact as BeeHive and Swarms doors appeal for acmost may summerseveral for years their department. the club in to assist their in work tivities, all fields of rich in bring are the the forces withWorking of nature and cell filling, honor requirements, badge material. field in example, an the As thewith in Heavenly crethe Father and activities. other religion, of cells 12, 10, 14, 16, and isation of a garden always conducive

of good among young people. others may be filled while doing some All BeeKeepers should sense keenly

interesting handwork. When earning their responsibilities. If you are sure

money be sure to fill cell 32. that you cannot carry on another year,

BeeHive Girls Summer outings will give opportunplease make it known so all vacancies ity for camp and outof-door cooking may be filled by June Conference, thusSUMMER TIME and the filling of cells from the division giving the new BeeKeepers an opporat least to glance over the proin the field "Cooking"of also tunity home; "THE TRAIL"of gram before coming to conference and for cells the filling of divisions the from

'T'here's a trail that leads through parof "Camping and Hiking,""Living that they may have the summer for furadise Creatures,""Trees and Shrubs,"in the ther study. It is very difficult for a Bee-

A crooked and coaxing trail; field of outof-doors. Keeper to take a swarm without preIt scrambles over hills and meadows, vious preparation. We appreciate the

In a wood where songbirds sail. In the fields of health and domestic splendid services of the BeeKeepers

It hugs the side of the whispering shrub, art there is a wide choice. In planning and trust that you will all remain with

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1936

BeeHive Girls THE STORY OF OUR HYMNS us, becoming more efficient each year, (Continued from page 291) gaining knowledge, happiness, and our celestial revealed themes form, the ofHeavenly Father's blessings in so doof the resurrection crumbled. To hymn

ilstrikingly it will Smith, through Josephing. the "Shall question I know my theof lustrate the vast system Mormon

I meet her in the world ology, which links the heavens and theJUNE CONFERENCE PLANS mother when earth."Prophet responded the beyond?"held will sessions beTEPARTMENT will emphatically "Yes, you know*-* of June Saturday Friday and both in Levi ImThe Edgar Young believer there."firm your mother A the ComBee-Hive byConference 17, Era, p. 751, provement Volume in mission, divine Zina Joseph's D. outBoard. General the of Anmittee says: 1914, June, comforted the promby Young was will conInstitute be Leadershipdoor

ise. discussions the the conferon following From onducted Monday and in meaning, reverent out "Standing officers local relationship resurrection the with your and Conference. spirit in very of a poem is "O My Father."the inregarding informationfor full inthe.. Deity, doubt no came man to of is the embodiment. This hymn

stitute. Articles made by BeeHive spiration to Eliza R. Snow for the Hebraism, of some Godlike thought....

all is its Its are that in lesson beauty will again men be displayed.Girls of Each writing Father."The "O My in with their will are tune and by six articles only will allowed bestake in of divine written poem was the home It will their as live forever Maker. a soulneedlework, handcraft, ofconsisting

it penned as a Stephen will inspiring and song; ever was be Markham known not before Books, CombHoney it lesson, gives for something philosophic chest, table only the dison a wooden stakes The at June Conference.played intuition, instinct of of the meaning and available furnished in her meagerly returnand for bringingare responsible philthe of the great problems modern

ing this material. room. osopher."

BeeKeepers having completed tests The hymn is in four stanzas and pins service fiveyear is of of threethe and great for an epitome drama F. in the History Orson Whitney statements the file their and namesmust eternal life as revealed the reby 4, says: Vol. Utah, of A. in the Y. M. I. service theirof W. stored Christ. of Gospel Jesus

15. The lateroffice not all verse, writings, other "If her prose and first stanza The Prologue: The fiveyear, costs pinthreeyear this alone, oblivion, into swept poem than50c—theMay proclaims the literal Fatherhood General is given by the pin, of werethe sublimest of all the sweetest songs anda guard

Presidency. God; that we were nurtured by His of Zion, would perpetuate her fame and

side in our antemortal existence, render her name immortal. But she believed, that with Byron, Lord should a poet GIRLS BEEHIVE THE truth that connoting the were we something verses, than do more and make

in instructed plan, the girls, great obedigood are Girls BeeHive belief that into practice, she put laboringThe all the day, for to enable the incessantly rewould us ence to which promulgation of happy her They're

They sing like little meadow larks regain His presence "and again beligious faith and for the teaching and counWhich drives their cares away. hold His face."seling of the women of her people."

girls, good are Girls BeeHiveThe II shifts the Play: Stanza The smile, a wear always setThey to Father"has been "O My earthlife, to scene are where we frown ugly an wear neverThey local nearly music all of our comby in placed to see a school whether while. for a even Not posers be among named may whom shall of things the required do we girls, good are Girls BeeHiveThe Tullidge, Smyth, Ebe- C. A. John right us to the our prove and indeed, promturns good doThey nezer Beesley, Charles Thomas, others, J. help Girls BeeHive ised restoration to presence.The God's

They help the ones in need. Our recollection of antemortal life George Careless, Frank Merrill,

By Phyllis Phelps, is withheld in order that we may Edwin F. Parry, Edward P. Kimin the Hive, ball, Tracy and Y. Cannon, Evan A Builder faith; yet, left not by to be Wells Stake. walk Burton Ward, President Stephens. Heber J. Grant, in the dark, wholly a "secret someJune Wheeler, a Gatherer of Honey thing,"a key that opens the door to in an article on "Our Favorite

Stake, Mt. published in 9th ImproveWard, The Hymns"theof is us, given knowledge, through and symbol—"TheOgden unusual 1 an chosen has 2, 7, Era, Part 777, ment p. Volume it III) (Stanza is revealed the new poem a lovely written has June River."first "It says: to tune the sung was glorious doctrine in of and a mother to means symbol her tells what which of 'Gentle Annie'to which melody heaven. her. it President often sung."had Young

CAN I? The Epilogue: Back again into For years it was almost universally the Eternal Presence our thoughts to the tune sung from of "Harwell"life like a river are projected. obedience, Through When In the 1893 sad, American Book. Tune and solemn Is

all through and having completed like a river, at funeral a sung in Logan by it was Can I, have been to do, with glad? we commanded it and cheerful Make of tune to the Robert Easton C. "My the "mutual approbation"of our fastones, a such and created like Redeemer"hardships, When heavenly parents the promwe claim way, thwarting my Stand impression that vorable Frank W. ise state. in our antemortal made a river, I, like Can adaptation Merrill published an

Be sparkling and gay? Truly "O My Father"is the which was used by Brother Easton

Can I visit the homeless, drama of eternal life: not merely a at the dedicatory exercises of the

lorn, the and sad hymn, The at but a prophecy and a reveSalt also the Temple, Lake and wending goes river a Like lation. the occaFair Chicago World's on thicket and thorn? Through

sion of the Salt Lake Tabernacle children, little I teach his TULLIDGE in Can pDWARD W. It trip in there 1 893. Choir's has also

play, to and dance To says of Mormondom""Women effectively to solo the been used and reeds, river waves Like a the hymn: first act of the "Martha."duet from the way? of grow by That

By June Wheeler, age 13, "A divine drama set to song. And as it However, "My Redeemer"seems

9th Ward, Mt. Ogden Stake. is but a choral dramatization, in the simple still to be its favorite setting.

Moving mountains

By WALTER L BAILEY

THE STORY THUS FAR

Bob Hamond and Dan Bolin took their first jobs as assistant engineers aboard the freighter "Banaza."Shortly after they had entered the

Arctic, their engine cracked, leaving them helpless in the midst of icebergs. Spike Ambry, the

engineer, issued orders for SOS calls to be sent and for the crew to try to effect the necessary repairs. When the cry went up that there

were icebergs dead ahead, the men all deserted in the only lifeboat, leaving Spike and Dan to do their best to extricate Bob from the huge iron rod which had pinned him to the floor when the crew had dropped it. The three gathered their

provisions, guns, and clothing preparatory to making a jump aboard an iceberg when one should reach their freighter. When it struck,

they pitched their supplies to the icy shelf. Just

as the freighter started careening away from the iceberg, the three made their leap for the icy shelf. The "Banaza"was caught between two

mountains of ice and crushed with the radio's dying voice floating out to them, "Lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world!"

Finding a cave, Bob, Dan and Spike hastily rigged up a kind of camp in it. Making their

beds over the boxes of canned goods so that the warmth of their bodies wouldn't melt the ice, they dropped to a fatigued sleep while a terrific gale blew the berg ever northward into the ice regions.

THE TWO BOYS LEANED FORWARD INTO

THEIR EARS AT MIST, STRAINING THE

SILENCE. THEY LISTENED AND AS Chapter Three—Land of the and moved through the hazy halfTHE Midnight Sun darkness to the cave entrance. PullTHE SOUND CAME AGAIN, A LffNG

ing the blanket aside, he peered out. THEDRAWNOUTWATER-LANE.SHOUT FROM FAR ACROSS The berg had stranded—was

awoke with a caught by thick, uneven ice on all lowing around and around juststart. HeB'obwas cold. He glanced sides. Bob realized that it was this above the horizon, shining at midquickly about. The little cave was ice, pushing hard against the berg night as well as at noon. Then

just as it had been when they lay which caused it to tremble. He would follow weeks of total darkdown to sleep. His two companions gazed at what seemed a marvelous ness, with no sun at all.

still slept, rolled in their blankets city of ice, wrapped in a hazy gray Bob gazed at the orb which was beside him. He glanced at his wrist twilight. trying in vain to pierce the Arctic

watch, his eyes registering surprise Great flat floes, as wide as ordihaze. Suddenly a terrible, chilling

at what he saw. nary city blocks, were piled one on dread crept over him, as he realized

It was eleven o'clock. He held top of the other, their tops great more fully their predicament. Were

the watch to his ear; it was barely level floors. Other bergs, stranded they to be stranded here, in the

running. He remembered winding like their own, reared themselves in Arctic's icy fastness, finally to starve

it very distinctly before going to the haze nearby, gleaming and towand freeze to death? He shuddered

sleep. That meant they had slept ering to giddy heights like ancient involuntarily as he looked out again

close to twentyfour hours. Bob castles. Down close to the near over the gray, desolate, awesome

whistled softly to himself. horizon, the moon gleamed through scene before him.

Another thing which suddenly the haze like a huge, faraway street There was no living thing visible drew his attention was that their icy lamp in a heavy fog. on that vast desert of ice. It was

ship was motionless! Still! No Or was it the moon? Bob gazed a lost world—and they were lost

wind howled without. The only at it for a long time. Then suddenly with it. Again he shuddered involsound which met his ears was a frehe knew. It was the midnight sun! untarily.

quent heavy grinding noise, followThe midnight sun was not un- "Even to the ends of the world!"

ed each time by a slight trembling known to Bob. He had read much The whispered words broke in on

of the berg under them. about it. For six months the Arctic his thoughts from close behind him.

Bob crawled out of his blankets regions had daylight, the sun fol- (Continued on page 322)

Brazil A LAND OF OPPORTUNITY By MARC T. GREENE

RIO DE JANEIRO, SHOWING PART OF THE HARBOR

AND CITY.

Theto eyesSouthofAmerica,the worldandaretoturningBrazil Marc T. Greene, contributor to friendlyhabitantsto ofstrangers.the remoteEvenpartsthe areinEra""Improvement the on two as unfriendly not as commonly live, it seems, especially. Here the occasions, with previous "Among distrust the white thought. They suropulence, relativeopportunity, and "The Islands Today"South Sea intercourse they because what man trav All perplexity. has been Argentine"acease from economic Amazing

the vast southern continent shares eling reporter for several of the leadhave had with him has not usually newspapers ing magazines of the and pleasant. are there hunBut been is pracin appeal of what the varied States. United in of people of thousands dreds land.tically newest the world's The the not a of member Although willing to Brazil be ready and resources Christcomparatively untouched of Latterday Church of Jesus

of Brazil, her scenic beauty, and her Saints, Mr. Greene has admired the taught and not lacking in intellimissionaries he has gence. whom Mormon life in the mostexotic combine previin his lands. in met As many The country's possibilities are, as all. lure forpotent article, ArgenAmazing ous "The

Brazil, however little she may be tine,"he emphasizes in this article we have seen, almost measureless known to the world, is old in history. great interest in seeing the Latterand, granting alone such measure of

their representatives Saints send day shall gain political stability the as landed upon wanderersPortuguese lands to these South of of the rest of the world America. confidence the of the beginningher shores at

sixteenth century. As early as 1 502 for a time, Brazil is undoubtedly on

Goncalo Coelho sailed into the the verge of an economic renaissance matchless harbor which later became pening in 1889. Since then Brazil which should greatly benefit her own

known by the commonplace and inhas had no fewer than sixteen prespeople and be of value to the world.

adequate name of "River of Januidents. In order that this may come about

ary."For threequarters of a cenBrazil is in the way of developing it is necessary that she be drawn

tury after that the country, or rather a rival cotton industry to the United out of the spiritual slough of centhe strip along the coast, was a States, whose policy of restricting turies and stimulated by something

Portuguese colony. Then Spain, the production gave Brazilian growof northern culture. If this can be

succeeding Portugal as mistress of ers aid and encouragement. Many done she will soon become one of

the seas, took it over, only to see it planters from the southern states the great and influential nations of recaptured by the Portuguese in have within the past year transthe world for she has all the rest of 1640. Portugal held it as the prinferred their business, all their inthe equipment.

cipal part of her dwindling empire terests, and much of their machinery The greatest need of Brazil, as until early in the nineteenth century. to the state of San Paulo; they beamong all backward peoples, is to

Then Dom Pedro I, being an exile lieve cotton can be grown of equal combine attention to the body with in the Azores Islands, found before excellence and at much less cost than concern for the soul. In many counhim the opportunity to return to in North America. For a market tries, India, China, and the South

Portugal as sovereign or go to Brazil is now looking to Japan, and Seas, Protestant missionaries have

Brazil as the first emperor of an with that country's already great only lately realized this apparently independent nation. He chose the and constantlyexpanding export obvious fact. Anyone who has

latter alternative, ruling until 1831 trade in textiles that market promcome into contact with the work and and being succeeded by his son, ises to consume all Brazil can prothe methods of the missionary instiDom Pedro II. duce. Other products of Brazil tutions of the Church of Jesus Christ

Both reigns were characterized by capable of a great increase are fruit of Latterday Saints has either been appalling cruelty and a large porand cereals. But economic uncervery unobservant or very much pretion of the populace were slaves in tainty keeps her foreign credit posijudiced if he has failed to note that

lines that those it is exactly along state of subjection. wretcheda In tion an unstable one. the missionaries work. these What so numerous the slaves became1888

as to force their emancipation, Brazil young missionaries from Utah have being probably the last large country HPhe amount of educational work done in the South Seas and are now in the world to abandon merchanthat requires doing is huge, starting to do in the Argentine, next dising in human flesh. It was likeespecially in the interior and among door to Brazil, I personally have

wise the last of the South American the more backward populace. These little doubt that they can do in the

states to become a republic, this happeople are generally receptive and more needy country.

frontierBrAZIL-a new for the RESTORED GOSPEL

By RULON S. HOWELLS

President of the Brazilian Mission

Brazil, a vast rich empire, that covers an area greater than that of continental

United States, has approximately thirtyfive millions of people. today, in this great and

interesting country, a new frontier for the

RULON S. HOWELLS message of the restored gospel has been

found by our missionaries.

stormy night back inOneSeptember, 1928, three stalwart missionaries, who had left Buenos Aires a few days before, were very dubious as to whether their wind and storm tossed ship would be able to dock at the small port of San Francisco do Sul (of the South ), so that they could proceed up a small estuary of the South

Atlantic Ocean, which extends for about twentyfive miles inland to the city of Joinville, in the state of Santa

Catharina, Brazil. One of the three,

the oldest and the leader, declared that if they could not land safely they would proceed with the ship up the coast to Santos, thence to the city of Sao Paulo. He said, however, that Join- a feeling that he had

ville place the at which they Joinville, with a population of apANSECTIONAERIALOF VIEWSAO PAULO,OF PARTBRAZIL,OF THEWHICHBUSINESSHAS was

POPULATION PEOPLE OF OVER A MILLION A thirteen most thousand, proximately their journey. terminateshould IN ITS SERVICES AND IS MODERN AND peospeaking German of whom are UTILITIES. their landing were hopes of When

about to be given up, a lull came over ple, there was destined to be organthe whitecapped lashing waves and ized the first branch of the Church a successful attempt to land a small in Brazil and to be erected the first a sort of "Nephi—we have come!"

boat from the ocean liner was made. Latterday Saint chapel on the enThis great country has a populaPlacing their feet on the firm earth tire South American continent. tion estimated at about thirtyfive

of the shore, the oldest member of After holding a series of wellmillion. Its climate ranges from

trio declared: "It is as I felt it attended, illustrated lectures in Joinvery warm in the densely tropical

ville, President Stoof told his two Amazon region on the north, to ashould be—it must be so."

Thus President Reinhold Stoof young companions that he was remore temperate condition on the with Elders Emil A. J. Schindler and turning to the headquarters of the rolling hills and flat plains of

William F. Heinz of the South South American Mission in ArgenUruguay and Argentina on the

American Mission, headquarters in tine and prayed the Lord's blessings south.

Buenos Aires, Argentina, made their to prosper the efforts that they Elders Schindler and Heinz were entry as missionaries and ambasmight put forth to establish a branch followed by a few other missionsadors of the Church of Jesus Christ in this new country which is indeed aries, and within a period of five of Latterday Saints into the country a new frontier for the restored Gosyears nearly a hundred converts of Brazil, South America. pel of Jesus Christ. were baptized in and around the

President Stoof's "feeling"that Brazil, a vast undeveloped empire Joinville District; a fine chapel was

Joinville was "the place"for them to that covers an area greater than that erected; and the "restored Gospel"

commence their labors in this new of continental United States, was at was firmly implanted in the fertile country was well justified by subselast to be penetrated by "Mormon"soil of this new field. All of the

quent events, for in this city of missionaries. To paraphrase, it was converts were Germanspeaking

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1936

people, many of whom emigrated United States, but Brazil may have if any white men have trod, are from Germany and many of whom the distinction of being termed the waiting to be developed, but it will were born in this new "haven, land melting or "confusing pot"of the take strong hearts and sturdy of opportunity,"of which their parworld, for here not only have many muscles to subdue such places.

ents had dreamed when accepting distinct nationalities intermingled, The task of pushing back the the sales propaganda of the colonibut all races; and, sadly, in too many jungle growth and of planting in its

zation companies'agents in Gercases they have intermarried. In place crops for the consumption and

many. There are estimated to be the majority of places color lines are commercial use of man has largely

over a half million German speaking ignored and the resultant mixture fallen upon the "foreigner,"emipeople in Brazil, concentrated in coloffers perplexing problems to anygrating mainly from European counonization communities and in the one who might be accustomed to tries, among whom are to be found larger cities, who, because of their think in terms of racial "nationalall nationalities of the world, chiefly oldworld training for thrift and ism."It is with a degree of hope, Germans, Austrians, Italians, Hunshrewdness, have become an imhowever, that one can perceive that garians, Poles, and more recently an

portant influence in commercial life. AngloSaxonism can still hold its influx of Japanese from Asia.

The Brazilian Mission, as such, own, for among the Germans who One need not live on beautiful came into being when the South have been emigrating for the past scenery alone in Brazil. Fruits of

American Mission was divided into one hundred years to Brazil, most many varieties—including the old

the Argentine and Brazilian Mishave remained "German;"although, standbys, bananas of which there

sions, as announced by the First of course, there has been some interare twentyfive different kinds, and

Presidency of the Church in Febmarrying with "Brazilians."oranges of which there is a great

ruary, 1935. One observing tourist, after seevariety—and vegetables are to be

had in practically all parts of the country.

English, American, and German interests have invested tremendous sums in Brazil in the building of modern public utilities in nearly all of the larger cities. Modern railroads, streetcar systems, busses, and

American and foreignmade automobiles furnish the transportation of inland Brazil, while modern airlines drop their flying boats out of the sky regularly each few days from North America, Europe, and other parts of South America. The

Graf Zeppelin makes its regular scheduled runs from Europe to Brazil carrying passengers, baggage, and mail. Transocean cables,

wireless, and radio which connect

The city of Sao Paulo { St. Paul ) THE HARBOR OF RIO OE JANEIRO AT NIGHT. THE—THE"NIAGARAFAMOUS "IGUASSU."FALLS"OF SOUTH AMERICA

with over a million population, was subsequently chosen by the new mising so many different types and sion president as the headquarters shades of color among the people of this mission. This city is the inalong the streets of the various

dustrial and commercial center of cities, asked to be shown a true

Brazil and is situated at an elevation "Brazilian,"and his answer came of twentyfive hundred feet, being from a citizen of doubtful racial inland from the ocean just twenty origin: "We are Brazilians all!"

miles. The vegetation in Brazil is luxuriant. One never forgets the first

Tn Sao Paulo one may visit the glimpse of many varieties of beaufamous Butantan with its "Snake tiful orchids growing wild along the

Farm,"where serums are prepared slopes of the hills surrounding Rio and shipped all over the world to de Janeiro, and elsewhere throughcombat the effects of poison snake out the country. The problem of

bites. Sao Paulo is also known as the Brazilian farmer does not lie in

the city of beautiful homes and getting his crops to grow, but in gardens. There are over four thoukeeping undesirable growth back.

sand English and American people This is truly a land rich in natural living here, and nearly every proresources. Agriculture, livestock,

testant church and denomination is and mineral wealth are everywhere represented. abundant, yet vast areas lie undeThe phrase, the "melting pot"of veloped. Areas larger than the

nationalities, has been applied to the State of Utah, where the feet of few

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1936

Europe and North America also mon to hear said: "To appreciate twenty degrees longitude or in praclink this country and make it a cog Rio, it must be seen."Early Portutically the same zone as Florida.

in the great wheel of world happenguese explorers mistook the bay of The long plateau has an average ings. Rio for a river, and, first arriving in altitude of nearly two thousand feet

An unforgettable experience is the month of January, gave this which materially affects the climate, to make the trip from the seaport beauty spot its name, "Rio de making it much more temperate than

Santos, where ships from practically Janeiro"(River of January). one would expect.

all world ports can be seen along Rio is situated in a federal district Indeed, Brazil has many surprises its modern docks almost any day, similar to our federal District of for anyone who has relied on his up to the "Serra"to Sao Paulo—the Columbia. It is the capital of the knowledge of it from his grade

"Chicago"of Brazil. Trains or Republic of Brazil, which consists school geography and history. Esbusses run between Santos and Sao of twentyone states. The setting pecially are these surprises multiPaulo every hour. From Santos of the city of Rio de Janeiro, with plied to those who have not lived

the train winds through cultivated its halfmoon shaped harbor and along the eastern or western coast of the United States, where commerce between the two countries brings truer knowledge and conception.

Just recently on a tour around the mission, we were fortunate in being in Porto Alegre at the time the Brazilian Fair was being held. It was

given in commemoration of the hundred years of freedom and independence from Spanish rule of the

Southern part of Brazil. Porto

Alegre has a population of about three hundred thousand and is the largest city in the southern part of

Brazil. The fair was very much like

the World's Fair in Chicago although very much reduced in size.

However, displays and arrangements reminded us of the fine exhibition we saw three years ago in

It just another indiChicago. was MEDICAL COLLEGE AT SAO PAULO, until groves at sea level,banana the THE BRAZIL, EQUIPPED OUTAND MODEWNLY of the cation of accomplishments trains theBritish operated STANDING OF approach PHASES MEDICAL IN MANY

Serra, of coast range of mountains. RESEARCH. commercial Brazil.

Then one experiences one of the One soon realizes, though, after most interesting rides in the world. seeing the various exhibit buildings,

Marvels of engineering! The trip mountainous cliffs rising out of the that foreign influence has been beup the mountain side is accomplished water, and with its background of hind it all. There was very little of

as one train coming down pulls anmountains covered with tropical and what one could call truly "Brazilian"other going up, by means of a series semitropical vegetation, makes it in the fair. Everywhere one can see

of cables. The operation is handled unique for beauty and charm among the results of foreign influence.

so smoothly that one is hardly aware the cities of the world. There are Practically all public utilities in the

of the change until the steep incline also other cities of less size and imlarger cities are operated and conreveals the ascent. portance than Rio de Janeiro and trolled by Canadian or American inOn the slopes of this steep coastal Sao Paulo, each of which has its interests and their efficiency is inrange the railroad cuts through dividual charm and distinctiveness. creased by the superior knowledge

primeval forests where orchids and The Amazon region in the north of AngloSaxon engineering and hundreds of other beautiful flowers with its many as yet unexplored supervision.

and ferns can be seen growing wild. parts is the really tropical section of To understand what might acThe ride in modern pullman cars Brazil. The general tourist's precurately be termed "Brazilian"one

takes a little less than two hours. conceived notions of the climatical must first determine what really

The cemented motor road parallels and topographical conditions of makes up the true Brazilian person.

the railroad in part as it winds back Brazil is considerably changed when The Portuguese dominated Brazil and forth up the steep mountain side, in many places he shivers in the eveup to the time of its declaration of ascending to an elevation of twentynings for the want of an overcoat independence. Negro slaves were

two hundred feet within a distance during five or six months each year. imported into Brazil by the Portuof four miles, and giving many a There are many weeks along this guese long before they were taken

thrill to those making the trip for coastal plateau when the unaccusto the United States. The Negroes

the first few times. tomed traveler shivers in his palm intermarried with the native Indians;

beach clothes with which he has and the Portuguese, because of preAmong the many glorious scenes stockedup before coming, with the vious MoorishAfrican relations, of natural settings is one that is idea that he might bake under the did not hold themselves completely world renowned—Rio de Janeiro tropical sun of Brazil. The center aloof or above this interracial mergindeed the city beautiful. It is comof population of Brazil lies south of {Concluded on page 320)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1936

cities, colto hear our Those Dionne SistersBrazil-A New Frontier Thereonies, andare placesmanywaitingother (Continued from page 319) message and just as soon as our (Continued from page 275) forces are augmented, this will being. Consequently, what might be (It other is said concessions. the

possible.called the true Brazilian evolved quintuplets'already has trust fund

from this race triangle of Portugrown to six figures.) Hence a

guese, Indian, and Negro; although set up. of guardians Dr. board wasthere are Portuguese many who is the guardians; one of Dafoe thefrom time their forefathers came OUR ADVERTISERS AND respected Valin, A. FrenchJudge J.over from Portugal their have kept Canadian citizen of North Bay, Onfamily "line"purely Portuguese. WHERE YOU WILL FIND

The race, AngloSaxon however, is THEIR MESSAGE tario,father,is isanother;a third; Olivaand theDionne,fourththeischiefly the one which has become

interested in the undeveloped opporBeneficial Life Insurance ComHonorable David Croll, Minister of tunities here, and has moved in to pany Back Cover Welfare for Ontario. The babies

develop them. Bennett Glass and Paint Comwill be "wards of the king"until

Germans, Italians, and many pany 326 they are eighteen.

other nationalities from central EuBoyd Park Jewelers 323 is finding /"Tanada the Dionnerope have to been coming Brazil for Brigham Young University 320 * Sisters tourists, a forthe and magnet past hundred years and have Deseret Mortuary this all 326 already are season roadsat first settled in the agricultural sections where they have pushed Deseret News 324 leading to Callander, Last year back the thick jungle growth and Dictaphone Sales Corp from June to September, 95,076 replaced it with domestic crops. The Inside Back Cover automobiles rolled out to Callander

descendants of these sturdy soil Eastman Kodak Co 323 and more than 380,000 persons, the toilers, finding this life somewhat Fuller, W. P. & Co 322 majority of them Americans, linmonotonous and hard, have drifted Grant, Heber J. & Co 327 gered in kindly curiosity to watch

into the larger centers, where they Henager Business College 325 the youngsters playing about their have succeeded, to a considerable glassedin nursery, for visitors are degree, in commercial pursuits. Con- K G G C 327 not allowed close to the babies.

sequently when one speaks of Bra- K S L Inside Front Cover Even the parents and the five zil's accomplishments or of its peoLewis, Mose 324 brothers and sisters of the "Quints"ple, all influences and elements that Lion Photo Service 327 must not go and come at will.

go to make it up must be weighed in order to understand its true charQuish School of Beauty Culture..326 And this brings us to another side

acter. Shell Oil Company 325 of the quintuplet story, the side of the parents. in this Today, great and interestTraveling Bookbindery 320ing country, frontier do they feel about all this? a new for the How

message of the restored Gospel has Utah Engraving Co 327 For two years now their five little been found by our missionaries, who Utah High School of Beauty Culdaughters have been in the spotare at the present time laboring in ture.322 light. They have brought fame to

four different centers of Brazil. Oliva Dionne and Elzire Dionne,

his youthful FrenchCanadian wife.

a.1""1""iiiiiiiiiiimiimiiH urn iiiiniiiiiiiiii iiiimiiiimiijiiiiimiiiiimiiiiimiiiiimiiimiii iiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimimiiin= But they have not brought contentment. The enforced separation

from their five babies does not please them. Naturally they want their Summer School children; they are plain, honest

Two Terms FrenchCanadian rural folk, traditionally a familyloving race. First Term—June 15JuIy 24

are There sympathize those who the parents; Second Term—July 27Aug. 28 with there are many

who consider the intervention of the VISITING INSTRUCTORS AND SPECIAL

LECTURERS Ontario government the wise and

U. JOHN NUTTALL, JR, Ph.D. just thing. It is difficult to judge

HAZEL, T. LYNNM. CUSHING,SMITH, Ph.D.Ph.D. and the question will long be de-

J. O. ELLSWORTH, Ph.D. bated. Meanwhile the five famous

DAVISON, Ph.D. EDWARD

Ph.D. sisters will continue to eat and sleep, D. STARBUCK, EDWIN

VICTOR BOHET, Ph.D. Ph.D. smash china, and smile for the funny HENRY NEUMAN, EUGENE quite M.S. cameramen, of the unmindful R. L.HEIDLOFPROBERTS,

J. C. M.S. C.MOEFITT, created stir they have in the world.

JACK RHEINHARD

BOOKS, MUSIC, MAPS FIRMLY MENDBRIGHAM YOUNG ED. Rates: 10c35c apiece* We work

during the summer at the place you designate. For information or appointment write UNIVERSITY

PROVO, UTAH THENo. 60thTRAVELINGSt., MILWAUKEE,BOOKBINDERY,WIS. 1411|IfllllliltlllllMIIIIIIIIIIIlltllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllEIIIltlllllUllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllltlllllMllllilllllllllllllllfllllllllllllllllllllllllllltllillitlllllllllllltilKfilaEducation Building

Tulip Time

n Holland WHEN ISN'T IT?

TULIP TIME IN HOLLAND

By FRANK I. phlegamaticslowmoving skippers?sailing vesselsThosewith

scenes KOOYMAN fascinating typical Dutch in modern disappearing Historian's Office and are Of the Church in Holland? Of TIME onelittle President of the Netherlands FormerTULIP Holland—arapidly course, of springthink Mission you fifth the size of Utah—throbbingspot about

time, and undoubtedly would with life to feed and clothe and

in December or January, so that they may grow larger and lion inhabitants.—saybe surprised, should you visit there improve her more than eight milsee become marketable. The mother I could tell you about modernwhen snowflakes are flying—to

those brilliant flowers in many bulb is ready for sale. Baby bulbs Holland's schools and universities,

windows, to find them on every of hyacinths are grown artificially. her sciences and arts, her world of

table of your hotel. It takes five years after they bud finance. I could show you the HolOne may see tulips in Holland out on the mother bulb, to make land that is building ships, that

almost the year around, the flowthem fit for the market. has tool and implement and strucering being artificially hastened in Every month of the year, passing tural steel factories; factories, too,

hothouses, or retarded by means of by the sandy acres which their art for chemical and tar products and ice. Not just a few, at exorbitant of centuries has transfigured into dyes, for oils and fats, for wooden

prices—these beautiful forced rich fields, I saw these thrifty floriware and shoes, for leather and

flowers are being brought to your culturists doing one thing or anleather goods, for textiles and lace very door in any city in great other, always at work. Now they and cloths, for earthenware, potquantities, at a few cents a dozen, were repairing the tiny fences that tery, bricks and stone, for glass

by noisy street vendors. Roses too, were to protect their young plants and paper, for food products and

festival flowers in full splendor, against the sharp spring winds, beverages, for precious metals and large chrysanthemums, lovely lilacs then they were patiently crawling diamonds. I could even reveal

are being offered for sale, baskets on their knees, planting, cultivatdown-todate Holland to you as a and baskets of them, in the busy ing or harvesting. Every inch of worthwhile coalmining country,

streets, every day of the year. Of the soil is being utilized, and there employing more than 35,000

course, the months of April and is not a weed that has a chance. miners, not many miles from the

May still constitute the field tulip Tenderly, as a fond mother watches rich peaceful farmlands, lying beand hyacinth season, with its beher baby, Holland's bulbgrower low sea level, with their countless wildering riot of color and fraguards his flower beds. windmills rising black against the

grance, but the stranger, sojourning sky—if I were not writing aboutfor some length of time in presentCHALL I give you a striking conflowers and their season in "Holday Holland, might ask, as this trast? Last fall, a corner of lowland."

writer did: When isn't it tulip certain school grounds in Salt Lake Tulip time in modern Hollandtime in the land of dikes and windCity were planted with flower—"springtime,"as far as sweetmills? bulbs, and now careless students and smelling, colorful flowers is conbeginning, neither In another sense of the word, others every day are walking over cerned—has no

also, it always seems to be tulip the spot. If those coming flowers, has it an end, thanks to the trusty

time in Rembrandt's country. those "silent children of the Lord,"hothouses. The budded flowers

There is no season of the year in as one of Holland's poets has called surpass even the best products of which the flower and plant grower them, could speak, undoubtedly southern countries; they are more

in the Netherlands is not giving they would tell the thoughtless fragrant and more variegated. Milsome attention to his bulbfields. human beings that are tramping lions of roses are cut every year,

lilies of the valley,Besides tulips—hyacinths and dafover them, of the almost sacred millions, too, of

fodils are grown in large quantities, plots their cousins by the Zuyder and countless lilac sprays, to say and then, too, there are many Zee are enjoying (which Sea, by nothing of marguerites and callas.

varieties of bulbous plants. Genthe way, is called Flevo Lake now) But this is only part of Holland's

even menerally, garden truck is cultivated as and the wonderful devotion that floriculture—I have not

well, both before and after the is given them. tioned her tens of thousands of potflower season. Tulip time in Holland—does flowers. The hothouses cf Nederthat phrase make you dream of land, as the Hollander calls his

TN JUNE and July—after the harpicturesque lowlands with peaceful country, could supply all of Euif the devest—the bulbs are dried on grazing cattle? of tiny redroofed rope with cut flowers,

racks. The young tulip bulbs are towns, of quaint costumes and mand should be made. And at

cut off, or pared, and planted again, wooden shoes and windmills? of any time.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1936

MOVING MOUNTAINS (Continued from page 315) Jerking his head around, he saw that "Wonder what's on the other side the ice under their feet, accompanied

Dan had awaked and was standing of this berg?"Dan queried. by a sharp splitting sound.

at his shoulder, gazing out into the "Same thing, of course! Ice! Ice! The two boys wheeled about to

gray, icy wastes without. Nothing but ice! Thousands of see that the ice on which they were

"It certainly looks as if it might be miles of it, pushing, drifting, twiststanding had cracked or split half the end of the world,"said Bob ing, grinding, scraping irresistibly way between them and the berg.

slowly. "It's frightening to look at."on and on."Before they could take a step, the

"Lonesome, icy, desolate!"said "Let's take a look at the landscape gap had widened to twelve or fourDan seriously. "But don't forget in that direction anyway, while old teen feet. Bob stopped short,

the precious words from the deckSpike here finishes his nap. Think speechless consternation covering

radio Xo, I am with you always'."we could climb to the top of the his face. The gap was already too

"I'm trying not to,"Bob returned berg and take a look?"Dan inwide for them to leap back across.

thoughtfully. "They're priceless in quired. They were cut off from the berg and

a place like this.""It would be easier to get off on the provisions!

the ice and work our way around the But even before Bob could find his berg,"Bob returned. "We can try speech, the gap ceased to widen.

at least. Old Spike is still sleeping The floe wavered a moment in indeand we won't be gone long."cision, then rushed back again with

a terrific thud. Somewhere in that

icy world, pressure on the ice had 1 ogether the two boys been released, causing the ice to stepped out on the huge shelf of ice crack and float apart; then as sudbefore their cave. The berg gave denly, the pressure had returned,

off a smarting coldness, like the closing the gap with a sickening breath from an open refrigerator thud..

their Carefully way they made FULLER door. "Come on,"yelled Bob, suddenly life. to "Let's get coming back on

of the level toward Since'49 'downward drift the our before berg someaway we frozen ocean. The distance to the where in this haze."

ocean level was not so far now as Dan needed no urging. ToQUALITY when the berg had been floating gether they leaped over the long

free. ice drifted and pack had The still zigzaging crack which was

its to sides a height along up.. for 87 years piled visible, the slipfast as sped as and

Renew the beauty of your home of fifteen feet or more. pery ice would let them back around

and insure long protection with Reaching the ocean level, they the berg toward their icecave.

FULLER interior and exterior started slowly making their way "Serves us right,"panted Bob.

the left side of the stranded around Paint Products. They last! didn't have comany business "We giant, majestic berg. The telling which, ing old here out without

before, a hours been few had Spike. If he should up and wake W. P. FULLER fearful, destructive of & CO. onlya monster the find himself to he'd us gone worry Salt Lake City, Ogden glitsea, harmless, a open was now death."

castle caught a mightier by Pain t—Wallpaper—Glass tering re right,"breath- "You said Dan ice. of miles gripping foe—the "I that."hadn't of thought unilessly. lay endless Before an them

verse of ice. Even through the gray They pushed on faster.

haze, pierced to some extent by the What neither boy could know midnight sun, the white wilderness was that at that very moment, old gleamed with a weird, erratic effect. Spike Ambry was pushing swiftly

Great icedomes, some comparativearound the opposite side of the berg ly smooth, others grotesquely irregwith his rifle, anxiously trying to ular, dotted the scene in all direcpierce the hazy gloom for a glimpse tions. of the two boys.

The Utah High Standing some thirty or forty feet be-.Dob were and Dan berg, their stranded from and Bob School of Beauty feel sharply. cold the of ginning to slight lurch suddenly felt a Dan

Culture ] Reaching the spot where their cave 121 SOUTH MAIN STREET! lay, Bob scrambled upward. Dan Floor 2nd

Learn a profession that would make you I followed. Crossing the iceshelf,

for the independent rest of your life.

Catalog. for Write J A LIFE Bob pulled aside the blanket coverMail This Coupon By Zena Chlarson ing the mouth of the cave and

Name likewise. within. Dan did last night stared out a life T go saw Address the astonishment covered Puzzled - = * falling silent star, as a As,.. City As secret as the spring's first flower faces of both boys. The cave was

for complete nine a last C?PT|k night. out a life go I saw gone! empty. Spike Old was of months'course Beau- |jOv'It the highest mountain paused peak upon ty Culture. said us,"for looking out "He's

o'er, landscape moonkissed the viewed And to provide board can and room We to catch quickly. got "We've Bob flight flashed 1 in meteor students of above out Then town

To seek its home among the stars. him and warn him of the break in

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1936

MOVING MOUNTAINS

the ice. If he crosses that break and Dan's voice sounded odd and

in coldness. it strained the icy ice pulls apartthe again—well, es close not again for him to getmight he walked off into maybe "And

back as it did for us. And he would it—and couldn't climb back up on There is one safe guide to

be cut off from the berg entirely. the slippery bank of ice,"Bob soliloCome on! We wouldn't know which quized. Then he tensed.way to turn in this world of ice with- "Listen!"DIAMOND VALUES

out old Spike to lead."It is the name

With fear tugging at their hearts, J. he two boys leaned forthey scrambled down to the ocean ward into the mist, straining theirlevel again, searching the gray mists ears at the silence. And as they BOYD PARK

as they went.for a form again, shadowy a listened came the sound JEWELERS

there BLDG. 160 MAIN YSTREET farBut no shadowy was BOYD PARK shout form long from drawnout

there. across the waterlane.

"He must have gone around the Bob lifted his voice in answer. Prices for Engagement ensembles

right side of the berg as we took the His shout echoed and reechoed out #25.00

left and didn't see him."There was through the mistwrapped ice. An- #35.00

an anxious look in Bob's eyes. other shout from old Spike floated

#50.00 rising to them, and fallthe sound

It to impossible see footmarks was #75.00 their eerie in suring mysteriously

the ice, so the hard two boyson pushed around the berg keeping roundings. It was plain to the boys #100.00

close to its base. The going was that old Spike was trying to shout or more

some kind of instructions to them, Termsdifficult. Sometimes they skidded

down the steep sides of tilted packbut his voice was only a blur of to suit your convenience unintelligible full price exchange Permanent sound,ice, into cracks bewavering, dropping wide privilege distance, mist, and ice. broken up by to crawl up again them, onlytween

to higher ice and push on across a Again Bob raised his voice to a The Mark "BOYD PARK"his throat: of strain on your guarantee of ridgescomplicated and point network

mail inquiries.... stand..."We invite "Can't under ice here rougher wascrevasses. The

than it had been on the left side of For a suspensefilled minute the MHH '* H "1**—11 U II II 11

the berg, and the going was much two boys waited on the icebank, slower. while the only sound that met their

ears water lapping the faintly was at stopped he Finally what Bob in front in of See the Latest allhiding mist the the the berg back ofjudged was without having seen a thing of old them. Then came two wordsSpike. The misty, gray fog was through that mist, a long pause beMAGAZINE

thickening, so that now only a few tween them to make them understandable. caught them, though Bob visible.feet in were any direction again CjLne -Jxooak wavering and the sound was been commidnight sun hadThe

eerie: mysteriously out. blotted suddenlypletely Bob Have It.. g-u-n-s..."—We "H-e-l-p. stood they Dan'sgripped arm as

Cine'-Kodak 16mm. new A brand trouble, in curtain Spike's into about the graypeering Dan! "Old simplified in last the word And—and side of this of he's waterother that lonely sea vast on the flip andthem on the making. open movie You

ice. lane."Bob spoke rapidly. "Wants camera cover, insert a film magazine,

"Look!"The word was barely us to bring guns! Quick, you go closeto the cover... that's all there is guns. to the cave get the andmore than a whisper, but Dan heard back

this along on I'll push ahead lane there'sit.W i t noh Magazinethreading ofCine'-Kodakfilm, no saw.and

of one type delay. from folChange find try to a crossing. and You at Directly unseen before them, five in seconds, film and another to I fail If find guns. to the with lowfirst mist of the dense because which shoot away.

I'll we'll for crossing, a wait and you is truly a it, Cine'-Kodak Magazine water! lay openenveloped The

try camera. to swim across with the guns. movie remarkable home ice in the had openedgreat break

to glad show than be more We'll Hurry!"of lane water leavingagain, a huge it in anyDrop to you. explain and

between probably hundreds of miles But Dan needed no urging. He time.

of solid ice on each side. was already lost to sight in the mists

berg. the the base of Once was, or wide the lane how around How

lifted his the EASTMAN into voice more Bob lengthwise,far they it extended could only make a wild guess. Only misty silence to old Spike.

a few feet of it could be seen; only "K-e-e-p... y-e-1-l-i-n-g..."

a faint ripple of the water lapping Then alone, and with a pounding Jxooakagainst the icebank at their feet heart, he started swiftly forward icebank, the along immecould be heard. and was 'no. STORES, the diately swallowed shadup by old Spike kept going "Maybe Street Wasatch 155 Main

around the berg? Maybe the lane owygray mists of the Arctic wastes. Salt Lake City, Utah 5292

had opened before he got this far?"( To be Continued

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1936

UNDERSTANDING MOTHER {Continued /rom page 301)

he said gaily as he put an arm about cooking he just naturally forgets he her. ever grew up. I'd better go get

"Looks like flowers,"Mother said Marjorie myself. If he ever smells

expectantly. this kitchen we won't even get him

"It is flowers."to the dining room,"and she whisk-

"Roses,"she breathed as the ed out the back door and was in wrappings came off, "gorgeous again in a minute with the laughing

girl in flower the shop "The I ratherC\ QYor] to roses."thought baby. dippy was when I JVlOTHER HAD to Stop

insisted on having each rose differwork to watch her eat. "Aren't they

ent. Didn't think much of my arcute?"she said, "Their little mouths CJfie Jjrioe tistic sense. But she couldn't see open for the next bite. Let me feed

them blooming in the rose garden her some. And Jo, there are baked

next year."potatoes on the half shell for dinner.

"But, Jarvis,"Geraldine said, That one on the little plate isn't

MID the excitement of prep- "you don't do that in May, you do seasoned. Maybe she can have a

aration for the happy event, it in August."little."

it is comforting to know that "Mother could do it in December "Oh, grand! You surely are

your wedding stationery is and they'd still live,"Jarvis anthoughtful. I noticed some canned

correct in form and in the latswered confidently. peaches in the ice box. I can mash

est mode. See our beautiful "I have some of Lorna's bride's her some of those and she'll be so

new stock of social stationery roses from last June,"was Mother's full she'll sleep till morning."

and let us handle this detail quiet response. "If you shade them "Where's Father?"Gilbert asked.

for assured it will that you, give plenty of water, them and he would be on Sunday "Where receive the painstaking most live. they'll care take more They morning, even if the to world came care. Prices very modest.

it plantings than but August can an Geraldine answered. end?"

Call or write for samples be done.""Rather late for Church not to be

"What's holding up the party?"out, isn't it?"

Jarvis asked. "I'm starved. Eats "Perhaps Mr. Pettigrew has a

cow,"Jarvis offered, smiling new he aren'tat theseso hotsky.college I'veboardingbeen myhousesown indulgently. Deseret boot black and dry cleaner for weeks

to get here and put my legs under cow,""He Mothernever couldsmiledpasstooup aas goodshe table again."Mother's

in stood the watching doorway up PresslNews isn't father yet,"here "Your she the is road. he "Here now. And, Salt Street,29 Richards Lake is City said, "but everything almost ready forever Lorna come and more—here he'll minute. here be and any You Printers the "Pioneer West"of Tom!"

all get acquainted while I dish it up."The small car drew alongside

"Max, you better round up our Father just as he reached the house.

"Well, find did you well, how HEADQUARTERS fityounghands,"cowboyGeraldineand seecalled.that he has your the he greeted way home?"

For Latterday Saints "Mother, would I be in the way if cupants. Glory be!"as he sawocGarments I warmed this soup for Marjorie?"other cars parked about. "Looks

asked. "Maybe we can Jo get her like TO FACTORY FROM YOU otherti folks remember what day to sleep dinner."before Solicit we begin Orders it.. is.. Your Mail We

88. No. alLadies'and right Men's along. Wt. There's "Come sit right hurry in and down "Now Style $ NewLt. for more room saucepan one.05 ways 89. it's No. Ladies'Med. Men's Wt. and nice,"while fretted. Mother

Style 1.10 New range,"a coal on and Mother and

80. 1.35 like No. Heavy Men's Wt. Double looks Back Christmas,""Mmmm, kitchen. 81. the toward Heavy No. Old Style moved Double Wt. Jo said in as Lorna stood the she dining 1.50 Back

rolls? smell 87. Mother, Lt. you No. Styles Old 85 and "Do I Wt. New at room doorway looked the and

Special 1.10 it Rayon Run waistlines. that worries Not me this per- "Mother, gave you who 84. No. Lt. Med. Wt. LaMen's and

is yet, Gilbert but beginning much dies'Style, Double CombNew fectly ducky Boy, boy, gown? oh

ed Yarn, Extra Fine 85 if to to look as hurt it wouldn't him the in of best her Sheba Queen Specify bust, ordering when trunk your calories."the count length, and whether style, old or like new -year's and last look would house

ladies'. or men's Postage Pay We "Let's start not have him apron on compared to Mother when in the ifAnywhere States. United

Mother's day,"the older woman she prepares to slumber in this

MOSE LEWIS pleaded gently, adding almost to gown. I hate to pass out my little

14 SO. MAIN ST. herself: "Let him eat like the boy offering in the face of such sumpSALT LAKE CITY, UTAH he used to be."tuous splendor, but here it is."

Please mention seeing this Ad in this "As if I could stop him,"Jo "I'll have to see what it is if dinner Magazine laughed, "When he gets near your does get cold,"Mother said eagerly.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1936

Understanding Mother "Mother, crystal goblets! You

lucky thing. They just match my

set. Don't I envy you?"Geraldine

said.

They didn't just match anything of Mother's. But then, the children

couldn't be expected to remember what she had, and they were pretty things. "Let's eat dinner while we enjoy looking at them,"Mother suggested.

It was a dinner in Mother's best style. Their happy chatter

and laughter warmed a place in her heart that had been cold a long time. She pressed food upon them

until they vowed they could eat no more. Then she opened the candy.

Finally John pushed back his chair.

"Mother, you're certainly up to your old form. If I ate like that every

day I'd be a patient instead of a doctor. I'd like to take Eve a little

run out to the lake if you don't mind?

We won't be gone long."

"Sort of early for swimming,"Gilbert remarked to their departing backs. And Mother, remembering

back to her own youth, answered:

"The lake isn't just for swimming, son."4 out of every 5 miles you drive

Then Max remembered that he had some business with Joel Pyne, are "Stopand -Go"the small town's leading legal talent, and since Geraldine was a school To save money, you need a gasoline that has 3 differshifts offriend of Mrs. Pyne she decided to ent kinds of power—just as your car has 3

go along too. "That is, if Bobby gears. One power for quick starting, one for fast

won't be too much trouble for an pickup, one for steady running.

hour or two?"Super -Shell combines these 3 different

"Why, of course not. Go right kinds of power in one fuel—the first truly

along, dear."Mother answered balanced gasoline. On sale at over 30,000

cheerfully. neighborly Shell stations from coast to coast. HELL

"In the face of the rest all going

I hate to ask it,"Gilbert said apologetically, "But I've been promising

Jo a walk around the hill pasture ever since we began talking aboutcoming. She is a great little hiker Supershellw&mm

and we are so far from any place to hike in town. Could you keep Outof-town students earn living expenses.

an eye on Marjorie if she should wake up before we get back?"Positions for Graduates -—Enroll Now

"I hope she does wake up. You

in cotton sokeep her bound wool we HENAGER BUSINESS COLLEGE to get acquaintnever a have chance

Salt Lake Cityed,"Mother laughed. So Gilbert 45 East Broadway Largest and Best

put an arm around his wife and drew her away despite her protests at BUSINESS COLLEGEleaving everything to Mother. HENAGER SPECIAL AND Salt Lake City, Utah

Mother rose and began to clear Please send catalog to: REGULAR SUMMER

the table. Lorna picked up a couple COURSES

of glasses and trailed her into the kitchen. "Mother, I just hate to run Name Fill in and mail coupon for

catalogoff when we are only here for a Address (Continued on page 326) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1936

UNDERSTANDING MOTHER {Continued from page 325) For day, but Jessie was in Boston when but not much, and her hair is brown

Absolute Satisfaction I was married and she hasn't met—-well, almost red. Her eyes are

Tom. I would like to take him dark, and her skin,—oh, Mother, I and over."can't catalogue her. I only know

is just right."It's she course, Lorna. of "Why,Best Housecleaning can you bring her home?""When for to take natural only you to want

"That's something else I want toResults, buy a look at your best friend when you are here so seldom."talk to you about. Her father has

"I'll wait and help you first."a dude ranch out in Wyoming. She

"No, no, there wouldn't be much wrote to him about me and he can

It this a job pays summer. give me I'll just left. along. run YouBENNETTS time if well, Father I thought and get pretty I don't and what do a few now

it. I'd take season you busy Then Cleansers done can wait until tomorrow."could get along without me over the "Every honest man should pay for to help have folks won't so much me and his dinner, so come on, lady, I'm apnext year. I can borrow some.

pointed official dish drier, and I John wrote me that he would lend promise not to break a single thing."me what I need at five per cent and Polishes "I'll come help as soon as I've give me five years to pay it back.

There's one for every household need! stretched out a minute,"Father I've hated to be a burden on you

Sold by dealers throughout the Intercalled as he disposed himself comso long. If I do go out to Wyoming

mountain Region fortably on the living room couch. with Alice we'd like to stop over a

This was the part of the day few days with you on the way."

Mother had hoped for. Jarvis'let- "That will be early in June."

ters didn't say much, and she had Mother's mind was busy on the

Made and sold by wondered how his work was coming. cleaning and refurbishing she could

dinner. during him She had watched time. "Will you be do in a month'sBENNETT GLASS & PAINT CO. could she well but He looked this year?"tell married

6165 W. First South Salt Lake City there was something on his mind. "Gosh, no. We'll wait and see

She knew that if she just kept still what sort of hospital I draw for it would all come out, and how she interne work. If I get one that takes

had hoped for a little time with him. married internes and lets them live

As they washed dishes he told her in, we'll be married a year from now, as she had known he would. as soon as I graduate. Otherwise

"Mom, there's a girl in town. Her I'm afraid it will be two years."name is Alice Parsons. We—well, "And Alice? Is she willing to PESERET MORTUARY we've seen quite a bit of each other make this long wait?"

Service Above All and I'm keen on her. I wanted to "Yes. Her father could finance

feels she us, but had as I do that we

it ourselves. Vi bringI had herbetterhometelltoday.you first,But andshe saidbebetter one do no Then

sides it would be nicer to meet you will have leading strings on us. I'd

when all the rest were not here."like to come back here and practice.

Dr. Stewart is getting sort of old

JVIother's heart pounded and there is no one that gets quite heavily and she could feel her lips the satisfaction out of life that a go white. So it had come. Her last country doctor does."

chick was to fly the nest. Of course "And Alice agrees to that too?"

she wanted him to marry; but he What was the matter with her that

belonged to her as none of the others she could speak only these short

BE INDEPENDENT stooddid, exactly.even herHeunspokenhad alwaysthoughts,undersentences.Jarvis didn't seemBut tothanknotice.goodness,

So Profitable! Vocation Other No unerringly would what had known there's place thinks Alice "Yes, no ENROLL NOW her. Like about please today a the like bring to the country up

Course a Complete For her given something at the roses. He had family."

last did as as that long she would girl. right of the kind must be She Culture Beaoty ofQulsh School year. each joy bring her added and out reflected as she wrung Mother West in the The Best must say? she could She What to tea the towels them hung up and Bldg. 304-9 Ezra Thompson it think something. say would He CITY, dry. UTAH LAKE SALT

.$ SS For Furtherand CatalogInformationCall strangeFinally shethatmasteredshe was hersilentstiffsotonguelong.

Wasatch 7560 or and in a voice that was not too When the family began

Fill in This strange said, "I have always liked to drift back they heard the shouts

Coupon the name of Alice. What is she of Jarvis and Bobby outside, and

like, dear?"found Mother and Marjorie con-

"Well, she's bigger than you are, tentedly playing house inside.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1936

Understanding Mother WE OFFBR "It's this for sorta of time size, any developed FILMS, warm KODAK ENGRAV A COMPLETE coin 8 for prints 25c Reprints, made and as slowly said Fatheryear,"he size, 3c each. speus for Write any now; ING SERVICE

cial offer gift mailing supplies. free and the rousedawoke, homecoming by to portraits missionary the largest From to It's films. easy mail us LION catalogues. there are others. of the "Mother, 351, SERVICE, PHOTO 0GDEN, BOXyour Attention. Mail Orders Given Prompt UTAH. in the house? lemonsany Howabout some lemonade?"UTAH120 Regent St.ENGRAVINGSalt Lake City,CO.Utah

Soon lemonade and sliced cake and cookies were going the rounds and every one found some place for it.

Then suddenly, it seemed toMother, the day was over. The INSURE

children were being washed and Your registered stock and dairy herds against death from any cause.

tucked into cars for the homeward ride.

In the bustle of getting awayMother managed to "lend"her INSURE velvet scarf to the Eve for medical Your animals while in transit to market.meeting, her goblets to Geraldine

for her club party, and her night gown to Lorna for a little trip she Let us quote you rates.

and Tom were taking. The candy

found its way into the car with HEBER J. GRANT & COMPANYGilbert.

As Jarvis climbed into John's car Salt Lake City, Utah for a lift to the station he whispered 20 So. Main Street

against Mother's ear. "Speak to

Dad for me, will you?"

Mother's answering smile gave no evidence of the pain she knew.Yet she was glad, too. He had had YOU MAY

no qualms at telling her. She had

not been a possessive mother. Smilingly she pressed a small box into

his hand and whispered, "For Alice."It was not until very much

later that Jarvis opened the tiny parcel and discovered his class ring.

He remembered giving it to Motherand telling her that a fellow's class FORD V8 or CASH ring was for his best girl. This was Are you smart? Here's a puzzle that will test your wits. The

her way of letting him know that Scrambled Letters below, when properly rearranged, will spell she understood and was content to the name of a Famous Movie Star.

you the of know names of the Stars, most but just Famous to refresh Movie yourbecome mention second best. Bless her. She Probablymemory we a few: Fredric Greta Garbo, March, Crawford, Shirley Joan Temple,always understood. Beery, Wallace Gable, Clark Harlow, Dick Powell, Jean

Mother and Father stood together Warner Baxter and Kay Francis.

in the setting sun, waving to the W* children till the last car was out of sight. Then with his arm around

her they went inside.

gather "You up these lemonade >(t$-RIPMflT-UH a m things, Mother. I'll help you wash

up before I milk. Maybe you'll

come out and talk to me while I do These scrambled letters will spell the name of a Famous the chores. Seems like I've sort of theMovielettersStararoundwhen they; seeareif properlyyou can figurerearranged.it out. StartIf yourswitchinganswer is correct, you will receive at once,

in themissed crowd."you A LARGE SIZE PICTURE OF THIS FAMOUS MOVIE STAR FREE!—beautifully

suitable and the for framing—and opportunity to V-8 win a FORD SEDAN or the cash.coloredIt to nice It's been have them home, makes no difference live, where you can take part. you

she thought.

Big Be First The Winner. Prize gets Winner COUPON then children and your had You Ford V-8 Sedan; 2nd, $300 in 3rd, Cash; $200 RADIO STATION KGGC to gone,they never were more be in Cash; 4th, $100 in Cal. San Francisco, Cash; other and many

really a part of you. Just precious Cash Prizes. Duplicate prizes in case of ties. My answerglimpses like today. But you had SEND NO MONEY! Just your answer to the

your memories. Movie Scramble above. USE THE COUPON. Name

She smiled up at him and gave his HURRY—Address: Radio Station Street

arm an affectionate little squeeze as

City Send me the-—FreeStatePictureshe said. "I think that would be kSan gFrancisco,eCal.

lovely."LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY IMPORTANCE OF ERA

Athletics—a as in cat; e as in met (you will observe that Cisco, Utah January 3rd, 1936

there is only one e); i as in it. Now say it carefully in Dear Editors:

three, yes, only three syllables, with the accent on the second are sending two dollars for our renewal subscription to syllable. WEthe Era.

as it single month feel without that one cannot be in eat, that of e; a as in account; be careful we as We Penalize—e

in the it Church with tune of keeping first source syllable. the only is about accent i as comes on the in ice. The

have, because c as in cat; e as the first e in event; organizations as in met; we we live in an outof-theway Eczema—e

from ward activities. place and miles any syllable. in sofa; accent the first a as

The Era, therefore, is like "Bread"to us, a "necessity."

Thornton, Idaho, Best wishes for your success in giving us (your subscribers) of the courage those things that will build and keep our faith March 16, 1936.

day. burning within Forefathers our May "36"us day by Editors of Improvement Era:

year. bring you a successful and happy tell President Grant's I enjoyed you how much 1 truly, very Yours It's just need Counsel."Following what we article—"Oncan't

Mrs. Parker Titus. Mr. and desire of leaders, faith confidence more in our a and—more

to go to them for advice. I shall look forward to other

articles with much pleasure, for I know we can profit by what NONMORMON ENJOYS ERA he says. Also the article by President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., P. O. Box 11

was very timely and specific. Cape Cottage, Maine,

Sincerely, January 15, 1936.

Florence A. Cheney. Dear Editor:

T am UNABLE to fill the blank sent me relative to the subscripfollowing The

Glen Ward ofis thea letterCarbonwe Stake.have received from Spring an* tionexplanationof The Improvementis necessary.Era. To avoid a misunderstanding

"Enclosed is check for three dollars for the final subscrip- I am a young man without any church affiliations. However,

tions, making our 300% goal. I have a profound interest in religion and a clean and whole-

"The Y. M. M. I. A. is taking the extra Era and we intend some life.

passing the copies of the magazine around to families of During the last few years I came in contact with members nonchurch members who are attending Mutual. of the Church in Arizona and Idaho. Without one exception

"Every Latterday Saint family in the ward is either subthey were all pleasant and friendly.

scribing or has access to this wonderful magazine. I had not given the aspects of the Church much thought

"Wishing you continued success, I am until last winter when I was in Klamath Falls, Oregon. In

"C. H. Rigby."that city I heard several young men representing the Church

speak. Their streetcorner talks impressed me deeply. I also

literature tracts me. reread the read handed and and Arizona, Mesa,

strangers, first in the Maine, here among During weeks 12, 1936. March

1 I tracts copies idle several turned to those moments. had and Editors:

I I carried in see the of baggage. can Era. These my my feel in our the appreciate home. having do Era We life teachings Church. the of following better to the a by way DearWE it direct is message the a voice of the that and Church

I left in impressions the of mind again remind you my May is therein material leaders. the All an beloved our from missionaries? the cleancut and are deep young They by of living choice source being well a better to as inspiration as

lasting. obliterate mind. will from not them Time my information.

I to the reasons are These Improvement Era want The

I felt of Earl Glade the dynamic when power Because J.

I clean, it live will wholeregularly. help a come me know I I child, I inspired every time have been have a mere was

life. useful some, and his article the in his Naturally works. of March read good

yours, Sincerely direct to appeal has a number Krauss. (Signed) D. Marton all different, so yet other does every so And article—allme.

vital. Even the stories seem more sound and vital than they

have done sometimes. Villa Versailles Buenos Aires, Argentina.

Truly yours, January 10, 1936.

(Signed) Mildred B. Jarvis. Dear Editors:

interest note you: may following The

half the recreation past the during a month and For PRAISE AND CRITICISM FROM TONGA baseball. practicing indoor this mission Elders been have of

Dear Editor: Once a week we manage a "get together"on the field of the thought I'd send a word from Tonga—telling you of my Union Telephone Company. Last Saturday we responded to

I appreciation of the Era. It certainly is a connecting link an invitation of the Goodyear Rubber Company, playing

for us out here in the Islands. I enjoy every page. I'll readily their team on their grounds. The Goodyear men have admit I never gave it more than a glance at home—that being been playing together, some of them, about five years. The

the reason I didn't realize and know the magazine contained "North American Missionaries,"as we were called, went out so much valuable and interesting material. into the field to start off the game. Three runs were scored

I challenge any Latterday Saint to read the Era and then by our friendly opponents during their first "inning."The

say that it is not indeed a real missionary for the Church—"Mormon Boys"retaliated in part by bringing in two runs

for the members and outsiders. along about the third inning, The remainder of the nine

Reading material here is quite scarce and I have no trouble innings was exciting. Both teams played masterful ball.

lending the Era to the Europeans here—they look forward Teamwork was displayed on every side. The final score

to it every month as much as I do. was against us, as far as runs were concerned, but we are

I enjoy the cover page on the magazine too—but why not rejoicing the fact that new friends have been made. We too,

have a little change from mountain scenery and portraits? are looking forward to the return game which should soon

The Tongans are wonderful people, and I for one would take place with the Goodyear Rubber Company. The scorelike to see an article in the.Era on Tonga—very few people keeper announced the final news of our last game as 3 against

know where it is or anything about it. I never heard of the 2 in favor of the Goodyear players. Our expectations are

place until I received my call. toward a "win"in our coming game.

Your fellow worker, I remain your brother,

Elder Tom. F. Whitley. G. Wallace Fox.

theJ<?6$zsfzM%& reasonsWhy

The Trend To Dictaphone Sweens On Even more arresting than the mounting sales of staff—-all march into an office on the heels of

Dictaphone are the matterof-fact reasons for Dictaphone, them. Many of these are covered in a booklet The booklet's title is "What's An Office Anythat's easy to read. It explains how executives way?"The coupon below will bring it to you.

double their ability to get things done with this And after you've read it, a working demonstramodern dictating instrument. It illustrates by extion of Dictaphone in your own office is yours

ample how improved thinking, improved office to command. Mail the coupon now-—and take

control, improved flexibility throughout the a look behind the rising trend to Dictaphone.

Some Companies Thai Have Recently Swung To Dictaphone

Lawrence Warehouse Co.,

San Francisco, Cal.

Interwoven Stocking Co.,

New Brunswick, N. J.

Board of Education, Minneapolis, Minn

Phillips Packing Co., Cambridge, Md.

v:;?- -*:-*-/': '> v.-,*. 'i *i. '-/ ';r,fm W

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE IS MERIT SOLD ON

OUR

AIM

STRICT ADHERENCE TO SOUND PRINCIPLES

PLUS QUALITY SERVICE TO THE PUBLIC

AS A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION OUR FIRST CONCERN HAS ALWAYS

BEEN to maintain a position far above any question as to FIDELITY AND

SECURITY—Measured by these standards our standing* in the Insurance field

is second to none.

benefits in OUR NEXT AIM has been to pass on to our policyholders added the form of annual dividends, for all Beneficial policyholders share in the net earnings.

The wonderful progress shown throughout the western states, during our thirty years service record, is justifiable proof of the public's recognition of our stability and their confidence in our business administration.

IF IT'S A BENEFICIAL POLICY ITS THE BEST INSURANCE YOU CAN BUY

HOME OFFICE

M. H. ANDERSEN SMITH WALDO C. B. L. CHIPMAN VIRGIL STEPHEN 0HLS0N AXEL J. GRANT HEBER

Supervisor Secretary Asst. Agency Director Secretary & & Director

D. ASH BY BOYLE PEIRCE W. EARLE REED SMOOT JOS. FIELDING DirectorSMITH JR. J. CLARK, PresidentREUBEN

Counsel General Treasurer Asst. Director Director Dir. 1st VicePres. &

P. R. W. CALDERWOOD E. WATKINS EUGENE LEO W. PENROSE ADAMS ORVAL 0. McKAY DAVID

Director E. Medical R. Loan Dept. Sup. ffsst. Secretary Director Dir. VicePres. 2nd &

GEO. J. CANNON

Executive VicePres. & Dir