MSWS*'-* * w *** 4

if

&.. V:.

I

-.;$. $i- ".:..: '';/if

Improuemenf I * 5E

v-**'. "a* M%

y:

>ka\x>A45;:%-...

t -,.A: "''-. '.*

SMSS*-

V-* OTF- m i*w '"r- "* OCTOBER, 1946 RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH.!

1 SPEEDY LENDS ATTENTIVE EAR AS > HOUSEWIFE SHEDS A WASHDAY TEARQUAND'RY IN

THE LAUNDRY So many bafhs an d

Speedy Flame showersno hot waterthis morninfor 9-m y laundry again to the Rescue V m

V<3. fr Br

BUT THEN SHE HAS A CHANGE OF HEART

AS SPEEDY SHOWS THE "SIZING CHART"

Trouble is, you have one of *gjg:

those dinky 20gallon water heaters. According to this official chart, your house needs

the 40gallon size. Just call hot wat; or your plumberdealer gas DtCOMMENDATIONS MINIMUM HQUiMMf NTS.FOR WATCH NORMAL HOT for a and arrange company

larger "gas automatic"of reliable make, and your hot water troubles will be over.

=3JL -V SUFFICIENT IS A WORD TO THE WISE!

HAVE YOU A HEATER OF AMPLE SIZE?

NOW we have all the hot water we want, 24 hours a day.. for

bathing, shaving, laundry, dishes, every need. ALL home owners

should refer to the Gas Industry's

SIZING CHART. Better check up

on YOUR water heater, today.

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

Serving Twentysix Utah and Wyoming Communities G-1

ilAvtivsiMSL By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. VALL THE CRISP AND

C ufficient coal, as small particles, has *"* been carried down the Susquehanna TANG OF AUTOMN

River, in Pennsylvania, by high water, later settling in quieter water down river, that 150,000 tons of coal are < IN mined by about one hundred dredges and flatboats annually.

A nimal blood is successfully used in Keep your children on their... for school work and in toes treating badly wounded men

play.. with quick and campus hospitals. InjectionsSoviet up speed

healing, improve appetite and sleep and simple meals you can make cure lack of vitamins. The blood is with fresh, autumncrisp

taken from special hospital herds of SA LTINES... by Purity.

cows which are fed chiefly on alfalfa, high in vitamin A. A cow can supply

up to eighteen quarts of blood a AND month. SOUP!

*"Phe inhabitants of Brazil and Guiana have made an interesting biological discovery which has led to a curiouspractice. Alfred Metraux reports that iY

parrots are certain feathers caught and treated PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY skinremoved. bare is then The

in such a way that the new feathers SALT LAKE have a different color from the ones removed. Usually the change is from

green to yellow, frequently by using the acrid secretion of toads.

pOR airplane delivery of fuel on the

ChinaBurma-India war fronts an aluminum gasoline drum weighing only twentyone pounds was developed fvlasEtT which is just half as heavy as the old type.

A body thrown where there is no air ** resistance will go farthest if thrown at an angle of 45 degrees above the horizontal. With a water jet projected DURKEE'S

from nozzle, it has been found that the for angle for pressures throw maximum sixty per square up to pounds inch is %e*t*a*t& MAYONNAISE twentyfive degrees, and only twelve Smooth, delicious Durkee's Mayonnaise is for pressures to degrees hundred one up finer for perfect the salads. touch sandGives

forty inch. Similarper square pounds

flavor, too. wiches this..because flavorful new ly pressure of with a hundred twenone

mayonnaise with fresh eggs. is made You'll ty per inch inch square with pounds an slices Arrange ofavocado really enjoy Durkee's Mayonnaise. fifty will the nozzle water only up go alsections and orange

it if eight as high percent as would ternately crisp salad on air resistance, there no only were and thirty percent for a halfinch nozzle. greens.Serve with a dressing made by blending J

cup Durkee's Genuine light color of attracts which npHE Mayonnaise with lA cup least, insects * nightflying for equal teaorange juice and V2 brightness, seems to be yellow. YelITS spoon sugar

low attracts fewer and smaller bugs GEN UINE than any color except red, which is not % satisfactory for illumination. MAYONNAISE GGs

BTTER I 'HThe suicide rate in Germany in 1936 was twice that of the United States.

OCTOBER 1946 609

>Jke Lcover dJau J\eep5 A utumn holds the '** reward for work well done and fully accomplished. It also By Gertrude Perry

is the harbinger of Stanton crops the winter when 10 49, NO. 1946 VOLUME OCTOBER so walks Night are lead roads in-—and slowly a down to security and home OF THE VOICE "THE CHURCH"lane wooded love. falling of The of Improvement Priesthood the Official Mutual Quorums, Organ hour's measured The leaves the the assures of Education, Committee, Music Associations, Ward Department

its lost has pace protection of the seeds of Christ of Jesus of the Church Teachers, Agencies Other and haste; for the next season's Saints Latterday

is full for There time fertility. growth and

The cover is the work sad regret, dull pain; of Keystone View

fills a sorrow adapted Company, by And taste. of bitter cup Charles Jacobsen.

Jke (Ldltord faae But morning comes

The Place of M.I.A, in the Progress of the Church again! Again the

(kurck of George Albert Smith 621 Palefaintessence of creation's history the rlr Lkurck creatures Lifts unseenshadowyartistsveils, as paint Saints From Valiant Forge Ahead Europe's Matthew skies in dawn's The 622 Babbel reported as Benson, by Frederick Taft Ezra W* "P*-'LDERCowley mystery; eternal 625 Richards Visit to Whitmer David of the A Charles C of the Council Twelve will speak to the subEvidences and Reconciliations: CIX—How Can Joseph And Hope speaks

ject "Seek Ye First the Smith Be Explained? John A* Widtsoe 641 "Though the sky

Kingdom of God"on One of a Multitude, Foley C. Why Do We Mutilate Melis overcast,

Columbia's "Church of Richards 614 chizedek? Zechariah N. Though darkness linthe Air,"Sunday, OcPatterns of Progress, FrederDecker 648 gers, dawn will

tober 6. Check your ick C. Wolters, Jr 614 Priesthood: Melchizedek.—.650 come at last!"

local radio schedule The Church Moves On 638 Aaronic 652 for the Columbia staThe Poor of Modern Israel Ward Teaching 653 tion that will carry this Fed by Quail, Albert L. ZoNo-LiquorTobacco Column....651

network program feabell, Jr 639 Genealogy 654 Change of Address:

turing the music of the Fifteen days'notice reSalt Lake Tabernacle quired for change of adchoir and organ. )pecta J-eatures dress. When ordering a

include please & Marvin O. Ashton 624 stencilchange, a impression from

Dilworth Young 628 '* X. EvenUndertheFullHumblestControl & of the recent issue magaThe Church of the Living GodGunnar Rasmuson 629 zine. Address changes

Editors Lighthouses Shine Again... Genevia I. Cole 632 cannot be made unless

George Albert Smith The Spoken Word from Temple Square...Richard L. Evans 634 the old address as well as

John A. Widtsoe Your Pioneer Journal Sara O* Moss 636 the new one is included.

Managing Editor Exploring the Universe, FrankMud Houses Patterned After Executive and Editorial

Iola Saints'? the K. Smith....620 lin 609 Harris, S. Jr Offices: Evans Richard L Lucia Homing: Nation, Lillian H. Hermit No Apologies, The Street, North Main Mallory 61 Editori Tillirighast Associate 642 50Salt 1, City Lake Utah. B. Corner, Josephine Cook's L.—.612 Ira Peterson Out, Lights Josephson C. Marba

.643 Nichols S. Perfect, Elmer Prayer Copyright 1946 by MuGeneral Manager Crowley 612 Fear Is Catching, Mabeltual Funds, Inc., a CorGeorge Q. Morris Aztec Method of Recording Ruth Jackson—646 poration of.the Young

Button, Button, Got Who's Men's ImproveMutual Charles History, E. Dibble..613

. 646 the Button? Associate Manager of the ment Association 616 the Bookrack On Conserving for Tomorrow..647 of Christ of Jesus Church Cannon Lucy G. DurTimes, These G. Homer Margaret Knockers, Knuckle Saints. Latterday All

Business Manager ham 617 Addicoat...655 rights reserved. SubscripJohn D. Giles Religious Attitudes of Noted News from the Camps 656 tion price, $2.00 a year,

Men, Leon M. Strong 618 Your Page and Ours 672 in advance; 20c single

Editorial Associates copy.

Elizabeth J. Moffitt Entered ot the Post

Albert L Zobelljr. (L-ditoriatd Office, Salt Lake City,

Harold Lundstrom Conference Notice 640 matter.Utah, asAcceptancesecondclassfor

National Advertising The Power of the Minute... Marba C. Josephson 640 mailing at special rate of

Representatives postage provided for in

Francis M. Mayo, section 1 1 03, Act of OcSalt Lake City Xtoriei, loetr tober, 1917, authorized

Edward S. Townsend, To Fit the Burden Olive Woolley Burt 626 July 2, 1918.

San Los Angeles Francisco and Fine Metal Lorna Francis 630 is Thenot responsibleImprovementfor unEra

Its Gertrude Tryst, Poetry Page Keeps Day 637 solicited manuscripts, but

Bolle, and Dougan Stanton P. 610 contributions. welcomes Christie Evening, Lund Each Chicago and Arthur Wallace Remembered,

All Coles 642 manuscripts must be New York 617 Peach suffiby accompanied Gardener, a For Young Very Bread, Pate Frontispiece: Ora

cient for delivery Audit postage Bureau of Member,....644 Helen Maring....619 Stewart

return. Circulations and Economist, Gertrude Ben- R. EberGeorgia Day, Some M.

ling 633 nett—646

610 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

VL HERMIT NATION SAN FRANCISCO

By LILLIAN H. TILLINGHAST

Recently we have turned to our which could be easily learned. This

geographies or our atlases with an was accomplished to the delight of most entirely new and exciting point of of the people—but, when it was found

interest, for some of our dear ones have that learning was becoming so widereally been to the ends of the earth, and spread, the scholars decided this was we wanted to know where those ends a great fault, and soon began calling might be! And among the lands of this usable language the "vulgar"lanwhich many of us knew little or nothing guage and held it in contempt!

was that little peninsula, something like However, the Koreans led in the arts, our own Florida in form, which juts and in the literacy of their people.

down and out from the southern end When they had queens, these women of Manchuria. Just at present it has were both trained and talented, and it

been renamed by the Japanese, and is recorded that something over fifteen called Chosen. Its own people call it hundred years ago in, the city of

Korea, which is the best way alien lips Kyongju the then queen built an obcan pronounce the name which means servatory, which is said to be the oldest "The Land of Morning Calm": and in the east. And it in turn was preceded

some outsiders for centuries have called by an observatory where astronomers it The Hermit Kingdom. studied and kept records of comets,

It really is an ideal land, and a counmeteors, sunspots, and the movements try in which one would be satisfied to of the planets during and after the first spend the remainder of one's life. The century B.C.

climate isjnost propitious and delightThe Koreans have had a history for ful. Practically all known game are more than three thousand years; some

its is area throughout found which it insist authorities will quite fill four Fleishhacker

Florida, as large as again about half In years. thousand those early the days

and the flowers are so wonderful that culture was most varied, and included Zoo it is easy to imagine the science of reading, writing, medicine, astronomy, Over 900 botany was first promulgated here! The architecture, music, painting, wood animals to

mountains are rich, not only in rare carving, bronze work, literature, philosthrill you beauty, but in many of the globallyophy, as well as political and social adneeded minerals, such as coal, iron, ministration. And then throughout all

silver, copper, lead, and mica. Then the land were the love of and for garthere are the tungsten, graphite, barites, dening, for poetry, and the arrangement

nickel, fluor spar, magnesite, zinc, of flowers; skill in the making of lacquer

molybdenum, and talc, and what is and in the intricate weaving of silk; as

generally recognized as the most flawwell as the continuing development of less rock crystal found anywhere in the daily courtesies of living.

the world. In the city of Pyeng Yang is the

In comparatively recent years old burial plot of the Emperor Ki Tsze, records have been brought to light "which tells of three thousand years of which tell many interesting facts utterpower."Before this mound, where any

ly unknown before, such as that in archeologist would love to delve, stand

Korea, copper currency has been quaint, carved figures, together with aknown since the twelfth century! And carved stele and a memorial lantern. PACIFIC

what is perhaps even more interesting These are all surrounded by a fairly Once again Western is the fact that this country was stone high six feet, wall, of five or with Pacific is featuring its the firstprobably to invent or use movebut gate. one entrance we were When

able type. In fact, in the Museum of there, as a great favor, we were allowed traditional advantages

Natural History in the City of New to enter and wander around inside. And of courtesy, service,

York, there are of specimens a few told the were authorities one of this we by scenery. Go West..type dating the year 1232. from And that the on the sacred to day worship

..about a century later, so the records tell of their ancestors, two lineal descendWESTERN PACIFIC

us, a foundry for the making of movable ants of this king, who reigned about the Short Route to San intype Korea. was built eleven years hundred before the Chris-.. Francisco. the magic

tian era, to at came pay homage to him to records, our David was A ccording it's city where COOL, this shrine. sacred

in Israel king about the time that and a warm welcomeKorea was a leader of nations. There I/'orean life is still very primitive,

was a famous king who wanted his and most of the people are farmers. awaits you.

country to rightful take its place, linen of the and, Much worn is woven in the For Information Call learned he thatwhen peothe common homes, of most and the men and women ple wanted to read and write but they dress in white. The garments are not H. R. COULAM, General Agent

felt the alphabet was too complex, he cut and sewed as ours are but are 48 South Main Street, Salt Lake City ordered his wise men to evolve one (Concluded on page 658) Phone 4-6551

OCTOBER 1946 611 for the thrills of vice and crime. Still

others exist in the squalor and ignorLIGHTS OUT! ance of the slums. On the other hand,

true success achievement and much add fkazSrtwun By IRA L. brilliance of one's "white to the way."

FLAVORINSURANCE PETERSON Toto histhe foldfamilyalsomanyieldseachlightdearofonetrueaddedand lasting brilliance.

Mortality, fickle and capricious In his prime, his heyday of success, though it may seem, is that brief it seems the lights would never dim, but span apportioned by God to all sooner or later sickness strikes, remen. Fickle and capricious? Indeed! verses come, his loved ones pass beWhat strange turn of the wheel of yond. He loves the brightness; he does

fortune gives to one a mutilated or denot wish to lose it. The years pass by;

formed body, to another a crippled he realizes that the brilliance, in spite mind, to still another every advantage of wealth or power, and against his in life? One serviceman receives a fatal will, is waning. Now he sees more

wound from enemy action, another clearly that the days of his mortal life the deepdrinks luckily escapes it. One slipping might as he are away. Much

life, this to depart of agony est dregs like to those turn back to, he cannot another makes the "crossing"as quickbrighter days.

ly and quietly as a peaceful dream. Yes,

out! then? Lights Every What basic our to improvelockerap much do we may certainty the of the sees man

is the thinking life, true in yet inheritance how life. attempt to of mortal end Many unjustly, mortality justly or fact that, flavor in locks thought. aside the brush and evade small, portion, large or a allots each man

life in brightness has found whose One will. or as can he to with do the flavor to preserveHere's a sure way spirit,"the see the to of begins "things

and appearance of your frozen meats, Mortality, for each of us is as a great lights beyond mortality. He sees them

"white way,"made up of lights of all through the eyes of faith. His dear ones

fish and fowl—with LOCKERAP. sizes and intensities. The pleasures, lost, precede him there, and each a light

satisfactions, and achievements of life to him becomes. Then, when age has

Moisturevapor- proof LOCKERAP, add to its brilliance, while the failures, slowed his step, he looks not back, as designed for this one purpose, gives disappointments, and tragedies reduce many do, to cling hysterically to the perfect insurance that flavorfull nait.humanThus,experiencefor each ofis us,writtena life spanin theof looksfadingaheadlightswithof mortality.joy toward Instead,the greaterhe

tural juices are locked into those "lights"and each "white way"has its lights beyond the veil. With spirit

luscious cuts, while drying, subzero own story, representing the sum total strong, but body bent and frail, he of life. awaits his call to "cross the bar."

air is locked out Some lights, representing the truer longrange values in life, are larger,

Get your handy homesize roll of brighter and more enduring, while the satisfactions and gratificaat your grocer's or locktemporaryLOCKERAP on the "white tions register way"as Prayer Perfecterplantnow!

the sparks showering from a skyrocket, By Elmer S. Crowley

to presently disappear.

high 1945 the school Falls Idaho Tn its conmakes dawns, year A new state basketball the team chamwon is gone. The history, to and tribution

after the final mythical New Year's cherub gradually pionship. A few days

becomes the worn and experienced game one of the players dropped in to scytheladened Father Time. Unlike visit a favorite teacher. Together they

the brilliantly initiated cherub, the true talked over the events leading to the child of mortality enters upon his earthchampionship title. Then, as the discusly trek as one yet to develop the bright sions progressed, the boy looked at his

lights of his career. Childhood sees the teacher and asked: "Do you think

lights begin, although many of them prayer could have had anything to do come and go, even as the childhood with it?"

experiences, which seem important at The teacher, somewhat surprised, the time, only to be largely forgotten as answered: "I really don't know.

they are replaced by new ones. With Why?"

maturity, the lights take on greater "Well,"confided the boy, "one of variety and intensity. Experiences are the fellows got the idea about praying

more varied, realistic, and vital. just before the games started, and the

It is possible, in this life, to travel a coach said o.k."

high road or a low one. Such as travel The teacher expressed skepticism

the low road have lights less bright, about the effect of a prayer asking to team. the opposing out over win fluctuations, pyrotechnic erratic butwith COMPANY WAXED PAPER WESTERN

thrills of prayer,""I don't that kind mean and gratitemporary born of the Papier Corporation Division of CrownZellerbach

Portland Oakland Los Angeles fications in their way of life. Some the youngster said quietly. "We prayed

resort to alcohol or drugs for escape to play better than we had ever played from the realities of life. Others search before... and we did."

612 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

-Abe WetU of RECORDING HISTORY

By DR. CHARLES E. DIBBLE

Man'ssaw andeffortsexperiencedto recordhavewhata longhe history. It has been a threefold

problem: a method of writing, a writing

instrument, and a surface to receive the

little fellow. But digest, because it's as safe in its Oj.E'S just a

he works hard from the very day sealed container as if there were no he comes into the world. Every germ of disease in the world.

minute he's awake, those tiny arms Potent reasons those. But there's

and legs are busy. They have to be one more. Now this extraordinary

for he has to do the biggest growform of milk is fortified with a ing job of his life during his first new, pure form of vitamin D 12 months. He provides his own the very same kind of vitamin D

fP exercise. He has to depend on you that bright sunshine would proto see that he has the food he vide for babies and children if

they could sunshine. get enoughftf needs. the combination of vitamin D Of course, the chief item of his It'sWmg$

food during his first year is milk. and the minerals of milk that help

And it must be good milk. Being a baby to grow, to have a wellsure about that used to be a probdeveloped body, sound teeth, and

lem. It isn't any more. Doctors bones that are straight and strong.

recommend Sego Milk for babies Sego Milk is the only evaporshowing Part of Codex a Cotton ated milk fortified with this newweave and—because it is uniformly rich in joining the strips. of method

the food substances of whole milk, est form of vitamin D. Ask your

thoughts of man. Perhaps the oldest because it is easy for babies to doctor about it.

and most universal surface has been a smooth rock on the face of the cliff or This seal certifies that all statements made in a cave shelter. Early man in Spain here have been accepted as true by the Council

and France recorded on the rock wall onMedicalFoodsAssociation.and Nutrition of the American of his cave—a practice which continues

down to the present, as anyone can This seal certifies that the Wisconsin Alumni attest who has noted the names and Research Foundation makes dates scrawled in places of scenic and periodic tests to determine that * Tn historic interest. Sego Milk diluted with an f of highest

Papyrus was the writing medium of gives youequal400 amountunits of ofvitaminwater alwaysD per V vFoR 40QmorTthanyears the Mediterranean; the Chinese develquart.

oped true paper from the disintegrated and book baby the 64page get your copy of To cultures, fibers mulberry. of the Many write: recipe book, Taylor's newest Lee Mary

resystem, a writing perfected they once corded, upon occasions, on wood, potSEGO MILK PRODUCTS COMPANY, Salt Lake City, Utah tery, parchment, shells, bone, and Originator of Evaporated Milk in the Intermountain West metals. ( Concluded on page 649 Plants in Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

OCTOBER 1946 613 darkened shoulders jutting out of the ONE OF A MULTITUDE water.

qPritfo Everything about our service and our

salt scented with fresh and and seaTRIPLE \ >y jroieu C. IKichardi surroundings was peaceful. The air was as it is at usually the seashore. we were to think in terms of numweed

they broke at knee's height, there was PROTECTION IFbersGray only,would theseembaptismto be justof a SistercomThe sun glittered on the waves. When

monplace event. She was but one of a rush and then a calm again. They

if regular succession as came in gov- 6,772 converts baptized were who the swinging long in erned penof a by

I reyear.for your ROOF! the one Church However,

member this occasion as a very special dulum. There were seven of us in our

one. Why? Because Sister Gray is my group. Two bathers watched us curifriend, and hers was one of the few ously from a distance. The service was

a hymn, joined in baptisms I attended in the mission field. simple. We sang

prayer, listened to a few remarks by the

She and her husband had only known district president, and then the ordithe missionaries for about eight months, nance was performed. I can still see in

but during that period they gained a my mind the rising and falling of the glowing testimony of the gospel. Brothswells as Elder Sorenson took Sister

er Gray was baptized three months beGray out into their midst.

fore Sister Gray. They had both been As she came forth and beheld us

for waiting religion,"a "real and when her in the awaiting sand, a a line on surprised they to find it came were smile dripping brightened her it modest was "Mormonism."face. She was happy.

The Grays are living in Newport, I have often mused upon that event.

Rhode Island. They are both less than I shall long remember the sound of the

thirty years old. They have one child. waves, and the curious onlookers who

a little girl. didn't understand, and the Saints waitYou would have enjoyed the baping in a line on the shore, and her smile

tismal service if you had been there. of modest happiness.

We met in a small sandy cove on the Only one of 6,772? Yes, bu& to her

ocean front at Newport. On each side and the Church it was of great signifiof us rocky cliffs stood with their big, cance.

/A/jPWAJ SCOi/T} COMWG ONCE SAVED MIS LIFE

FROM A BAND OF CUTThere ing—isbuta therecriticalis shortagea revolutionaryof new roofnew THROAT lDrANS sy

lengthens that amazingly coating 3-in-l roofing, asphalt life composiFE1GKS! NS MAO MESS. of old the

iron, and galvanized shingles, tion brick, HUS PRlGWTEMIfOCj surfaces. AlumiPabco stucco and concrete

Shield Coating brushes on easily -s.\ THE WOULD -B

Against -Protection Triple Provides ASSASSINS Less Than For All Weather $%jt T

Per Square Foot!

Cools Interiors as Much as 15%—

Because The Soft, Silvery Finish Reflects Up To 85%, of Sun Rays, A

Warm Weather Plus Value!

Your Nearest Pabco Dealer is listed in the Classified Section of your Phone Book RRST TEMPLE THE PARAFFIN E COMPANIES > INC.

19 FRANCISCO $ AN IH THE Hydroseol CTED WetPatch, Block of Pabco Makers, also, and Pabcoweb, Aiumi - Shield Roofing; Pabco Paint,

Linoleums, Pabco Mastipave HeavyDuty Flooring..

614 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Books of Lasting Interest and Value ffiA STORYff TO TELL 139 fascinating, inspiring stories for children of all ages. 500 pages in

large, easyto-read type. Selected

by specialists in child training of Primary association and Deseret Sunday School Union board.

$2.00 JjSfN

1 if rntiw Ncphi &"j \01 m the mate &t;-'Nmm---m-

J 1: 1 ''.- f?MP - JJ wm THE PRESIDENTS OF THE CHURCH

of Brief but biographies complete seven great am M1 leaders, from '">—''Grant. For I-"]m J. Joseph Smith to Heber readers who have little opportunity for extensive m M

research or study.

By Preston Nibley $2.50

for Project A. Church Reading CONCORDANCE Saints. for all TO THE DOCTRINE M.I.194647 Latterday

; COVENANTS AND THE SAVIOR'S THE STORY OF

The work of 60 years of painstaking, faithful MINISTRY IN AMERICA compilation. Needed by everyone who studies,

writes, or speaks on gospel subjects.

By John V. Bluth $3.00 Third Nephi

From the Book of Nephi, YOUTH AND THE CHURCH Book of Mormon

A timely, searching, forthright discussion of the problems of modern youth. 25c A COPY

By Harold B. Lee $1.75

DESERET BOOK COMPANY The Book Center of the Intermountain West 44 East South Temple St. P. O. Box 958 Salt Lake City 10, Utah

Enclosed is $ Send copies of the titles as checked.

.'Name Address

OCTOBER 1946 615 vitdfScofoacfe

SAGE BRUSH AND

WAGON WHEELS (Edna S. Dustin. Bookcraft Company,

Salt Lake City. Illustrated by V. Douglas

Snow. 1946. $2.00.)

HPhe poetry of Edna Dustin has received -* wide acclaim and has called for its being collected in one cover. Miss Dustin

(in private life, a trained nurse known and loved by her many patients as Edna Keddington) has struck a responsive cord in the hearts of all who have read her poetry.

ability readers her to to respond make Her life in the to as usual as well the unusual has is the readers. her of scope SimplsL (hulhmsdixLlI widened Hers

zest for it ers to increased life with an back 4- 'StontuL Vbuv SooAa. the gift of second sight that sends her readit. of awareness a new and

A THUMBNAIL SKETCH OF MORMONISM $1.00 To add to the beauty of the poetry, the

Marba C. Josephson format has been carefully and artistically

Di SAGEBRUSH AND WAGON WHEELS $2.00 executed,tiful drawingsand themadebookbyis repletethe giftedwith youngbeauEdna S. Dustin artist, Douglas Snow. M. C. /.

UTAH INDIAN STORIES $2.25

R. Hunter CHINESE FAMILY AND SOCIETY (Nov. 15) $3.00 CONCERN (Olga Lang. Yale University Press, New O. Ashton D TO WHOM ITBishopMAYDr. MiltonMarvin

Haven, Conn. 1946. 395 pages. $4.00.)

1 disxjint (pJuLtiartwnA, * *I 'hisstudiesstudywhichof haveChinabeencomplementsmade relativeotherto+ life. family American and The FAMILY ETERNAL possible the cooperative $2.25 Europeanwork, made by Roy A. West financial Institute assistance of the of Social

Q DISCOURSES OF WILFORD WOODRUFF $2.50 Research (Columbia University), the Inof Pacific Relations, the Carnegie and $2.00 stitute DRAGON D MAN AND THE is Corporation, a definitive study of the Dr. John A. Widtsoe

family, ancient Chinese modern, both and

Q MINUTE SERMONS $1.00 and affords a keen insight into the backCompiled by Albert L. Zobell, Jr. ground of this great country. The study

also for greater understanding make THEIRS IS THE KINGDOM that $2.00 shouldof of the problems confront China some J. Ashton Wendell

in struggle current attain her to modern Q PRINCE OF UR $2.00 statehood. Susa Y. Gates—Leah D. Widtsoe Although the book is a factual one, the

THE QUEST $2.00 material is fascinating enough that it reads

O. F. Ursenbach like a novel. There is much that western

SONG EVERLASTING $2.50 latingfamiliesthemaygoodderivefoundfromin thisreadingbook. andM. emu-C. J. Paul Bailey

Di NO MA'AM THAT'S NOT HISTORY $.50

Dr. Hugh Nibley TOLSTOY—AN APPROACH

IMMORTAL PIONEERS $3.00 (Janko Lavrin. Macmillan Company,

Albert E. Miller New York. 1946. 166 pages. $2.00.)

Q INSPIRED PROPHETIC WARNINGS $1.00 rT1HE author makes a note at the very be-

N. B. Lundwall * ginning of his study that this "is not

jJtiAJtML J>av&iijbidu stoythe lightthe man,of somethe ofartist,our andpresentdaythe thinkerneedsin+23 biography, but an attempt to interpret TolPI Evidences and Reconciliations $1.85 In the Gospel Net $1.25 and problems."Professor Lavrin feels that

His $2.25 Gospel $2.25 Mansions it is Kingdom Many only of analysis Tolstoy by a careful

of $1.25 Story Miracles The Jesus Modern 3 in his life that there of department each can $2.25 Smith: Constancy Joseph ProphetStatesman Amid Change $1.50$2.00 G true a value. his estimate of be $2.25 $2.00 God's Covenant Standards Gospel Race

the $1.30 Gospel Through Ages for Christ Witness A New Tolstoy's great to problem, according All $1.75 of Restoration Things $1.75 Q $1.50 The Spoken "and Word"life P truth to reconcile Lavrin, of with was Hills $1.50 the Unto of Signs the $1.25 Times of F. $2.50 Smith Joseph truth art. this the of sound While may This $1.50 Always and Day $3.00 Colonizer The Young, LifeBrigham H it is true, paradoxical, for nevertheless they of the Temples $2.00 Most High $3.50 in Setting Western Utah Her D

at times other, to turn against seemed each Witnesses of the Life of $3.00 Book Kimball C. Heber of Mormon..$2.25

thus creating a great conflict within TolHZI As Fine A List of Books As Anyone Could Ask For stoy.at timesBecauseled intoofabsurdities:this conflict,asTolstoyfor instancewas

Use this advertisement as your check list and mail direct to BookcraJt for when he rated the work of a peasant boy prompt service. greater than that of Goethe or when he

placed Russian folk songs above the compositions of Beethoven.

For those who wish a clearer understanding of Tolstoy, this book will offer valuable 1186 So. Main OKCRAFTSalt Lake City 4, Utah Telephone 7-7911 assistance. M. C. /.

616 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Jha&SL Jwuidu HMMIIIIC3limiimil3limHIHJIC2i!i!lllll]!JC3illlllilll

UTAH STATE By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM land, Great Britain, or its dominions,

Director of the Institute of Government, who wouldn't like to join the Alexander University of Utah Hazens of this coming age, and take AGRICULTURAL their intimate knowledge of the common

A recent Broadway play by Lillian peoples of Europe into the United Hellman, The Searching Wind, States Foreign Service7 COLLEGE picinto beenhas a motion made It retailsture. experience the of an President Truman has recently LOGAN, UTAH

American diplomat, Alexander Hazen, signed (August 1946) the Foreign in facing to the expanding of 1946, and Service United and reporting Act enThe 58th Year begins certain in the the Fascist serviceStates line with on larging government march

Rome (1922), the rise of nazism, the needs demonstrated by the recent war. Friday, Sept. 27, 1946

civil war in Spain, and the Munich Entrants must be aged twentyone to crisis of 1938. thirtyfive, competent in at least one

Courses offered in Seven Under-4 foreign language, and must pass stiff

TPhe play is an indictment of our era, examinations in history, economics, ingraduate Schools and a Graduate ourselves, our manners, and of the ternational, maritime, and commercial Division confused American diplomat who law, and other phases of government.

annually eight hundred who Of aboutcouldn't tell good from bad in Rome, sixty to eighty tried, have AGRICULTURE from have Paris.Berlin, Madrid, and

examinations. the written passed Of4 HOME ECONOMICS latter, thirty fifty subseto the fromCam Hazen, the diplomat's son, is examinations. oral the final quently pass presented as the clearheaded 4 EDUCATION

youngster, who, after being a warvic-tim of the parental generation's ineptKflosT of us pay too little attention to FOREST, RANGE AND activities the of our government to see the truth.ness, gropes Meanthe decisions Yet made may WILDLIFE into abroad.while, story the unfolding is made

a boxoffice "success"by subtly paraddetermine the existence or nonexist- MANAGEMENT ing, throughout, the extramarital ence of shelters against poison atomic problems of the muddled diplomat, his radiations on Temple Square, in Manti, ARTS AND SCIENCES society wife, and his newspaperwoman Utah, or Muncie, Indiana, a few years girl friend. The blending of muddled hence. COMMERCE

politics with muddled family life, of itself, makes an interesting commentary Tt would seem to me, that in company ENGINEERING, other is fresh of times. people at highlighted with young This ouron

faith faiths, at INDUSTRIES AND those with of no play'sthe end and Hazen tells when Sam his father, pointblank, that the older all, there might be room for a few peoTRADES man not only contributed to a messy ple with the ingenious heritage of the world, but made a mess of his own life Utah pioneers in this new and expanded Sixtytwo departments preparedas well. American foreign service—lest we be to train hundreds of students.

caught abroad with nothing but more

At the fadeout, the best that HollyAlexander Hazens. - An institution specialized in educan Hellman Miss wood and do for cation suited to the needs of the

is following the to placeus, however, i"message"in Sam's mouth: "Well, let's people.

all have a drink. I've got a hard future REMEMBERED

ahead."By Arthur Wallace Peach Besides seven undergraduate

schools and graduate division,

H'hese words are spoken on the eve f-Jow strange that we remember, the school includes an experiof Sam's operation, in which he is Among the greater things, ment station and extension servto lose a leg. But the "hard future A day, a moment, or a voice ice.

ahead"also involves the future of manTo which some magic clings diplomacy, as well as thekind and Some day of sun and laughter fc Located in Logan, an ideal colof a onelegged man.problems

4 Like others, yet lege town, cultural center, and live."\17ell, shall we all "have a drink,"HoldingWe nevercloseshalla memoryforget: excellent place to

and so face the hard future ahead?

Is this ritual the best that modern literSome moment unforgotten, sweet; love made moment Aature can prescribe for struggling manonce heard Utah State strain of lovely song Akind?

4 Along a lonely street:

Agricultural College [ wonder, somewhere, if there aren't A voice whose accents linger a couple of dozen former Latterday And set the heart athrill Logan, Utah

Saint missionaries, to Germany, That all the clamor of the world

France, Norway, Czechoslovakia, HolCannot still! IIIHII[llE3lfllilllllHE3lllUIHIIilC]n!lilllllllC3liilllill

OCTOBER 1946 617

Jke RELIGIOUS ATTITUDES NOTED MEN

SELECTED BY LEON M. STRONG

/amille Flammarion (French astronomer, 18421925) asserts that:

... death is merely evolution and not by

any means the last hour. The body as the

organic garment of the spirit passes, but the spirit remains. (Page 320.) *

Arthur Lee Foley, physicist, thinks that To admit that matter and energy are immortal and to deny immortality of the mind, which molds and directs both matter and energy, is absurd. (Page 327.)

Edwin Brant Frost of Yerkes ConGET N servatory observes

The idea of immortality of spirit is not far different from fundamental beliefs of physicists.... This affirms that the sum

total of energy in the universe is constant, changeable from one form to another, but essentially immortal. (Page 327.)

'becmtyoeauty. **f*,.. for Wool 0'you'llThe Westfind E. E. Fournier d'Albe, physicist, has

this to say: STS5JS 9 utmost warmth *

Death is a process of nature.... Fear of

death is removed. The heart finds peace.

It need not sorrow for its loved ones, who are released from fettering clay and are passed into a higher joyous estate. Sinners

ugliness true and their in will revealed be l0ner9nd your reward isis thehJ longest standards satisfaction. to the until conform they shunned Be sure your supply living arise planet virtue. each is ample of From for the win teior months destinies. ahead. higher in ever mingling souls

332.) (Page 0Ur faVrite Storc has the, pattern andI color to meet. your ObservAllegheny Curtis, D. Heber need Ask to see any of these Wool O'anin and 1927, put Pittsburgh, atory, The West blankets: Signature, the Amerithis before question Netherlands swered Health Ra Royal, Arctic r Society: Astronomical can Vogue'

manifestation only the ourselves Are Ak your we dealer to show "'women's is anceases, stops, wear that to an end, fabrics, comes styled'in HHollvw..-ollywoodn -.and distributed by Blumc o, los years and threescore at nihilated ten? What Angeles

we crudely call "spirit"of man makes new compounds, plays with the law of chemical action, guides the forces of the atom, changes the face of the earth, gives life to new forms; a creative spirit which reasonably cannot cease to be. This thing, soul,

mind, spirit, cannot well be an exception.

In some way, as yet impossible to define, it too must possess continuity. The concept is

is inevitable. conclusion old, but the

* *..-: truth, in the absolute Scientific and.final..

sense, cannot be wrong, and I think the day will come when it and our similarly absolute

OREGON andthe same.final religious(Pages 333-4.)belief will be one and

* Permission granted to reprint extracts immmmm S '"':";. from Christianity In Science by Frederich

D. Leete. AbingdonCokesbury Press, 1928

618 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Photograph by Carew from Monkmeyer

ftfo Motive us this day our daily bread,"I asked, B>REAT>

Then washed my hands and settled to the task

Of measuring the flour. The yeast was up. I felt the tawny muscle of the dough

.. I poured the precious bounty from the cup And knew a strength my muscle did not know

... and toil... and recomAnd sifted downy clouds of powdered wheat For here was prayer

pense...

Into the foamy mass. "When do we eat?"

The makings of the Lord's own sacraments..

Called one too small to know the law of bread.

"Dear Lord, I thank thee for this food,"I said.

("To labor and to wait,"the poet said.)

I found the leaven in a loaf of bread.

I looked into his trusting, earnest eyes...

"We have to wait, son, for the bread to rise."

ORA PATE STB IT

OCTOBER 1946 619 AAUD HOUSES PATTERNED AFTER THE SAINTS'?

Oh Jrola J\itnball Simitk

1hat makes the twentieth call I've "m had today!"snapped the irate

1!householder as he put the receiver down with a vengeance. "The

papers should not publish such news!"

And so it went with the folk in three other west coast houses, whose names had also been mentioned—in a little

item hidden away in the middle of the paper among ads and insignificant bits of news. Yet it caused more commotion than many a frontpage event. All

because four young women of as many households, under the approval of the

War Department, were to be among the first to go to Europe to join their servicemen husbands.

And why all the excitement? Housing shortage!

It's an 'oldie'—of course. But One of the young wives was not at

home when one of these frantic homeeven if you're a very new seekers called, but he read the note she newlywed, you'll see how true leftquicktellinghe waswheregone—aftershe'd her.gone. That

Is it condi- a with such any wonder parts existing of the the old proverb is—when tion in so many

you're washing clothes. United States that every trailer, cottage, and motel is a potential home for

somebody? No wonder two California

This is one housekeeping chore builders, after waiting a year for lumber you can make pleasant and toSaintsbe released,in Utah andfinallybegandid diggingas the earlytheir building material from the ground.

satisfying with the help of Nearly a hundred years ago the

FelsNaptha Soap. Saints were faced with this same housing and lumber shortage. When they

founded Salt Lake City in the desert,

You don't have to rub the dirt out. only a few spindly cottonwood trees

were available. These were far from

FelsNaptha loosens it—quickly and gently—then it's whisked adequate as a source of wood. So these

resourceful people built their first away, all of />, in the mild suds of FelsNaptha Soap. homes by making bricks of the material

they dug from the earth.

so first adobes—some

to Your clothes will be cleaner, brighter, sweetersmelling. skilfullyMany ofcamouflagedthese as no longer

still origin—are

being paYour wash days—with FelsNaptha—T>- standingresemble andtheir stillhumbletenanted,

will be something to look Ifljf'-'-'** peredoutside,on andthe inside,many withwhitewashedadded woodenon the forward to... well, almost. partitions.

What was a necessity then may by necessity now become the style, for these two builders, C. C. Cooper and

James J. Anderson have already completed a tenunit motel in Albany, California, have plans for a hundred more

and are at present designing twobed- room homes to be made of adobe for veterans.felsNaptha Soap Of course the adobe bricks have been

BAN/SHES TATTLETALE G/?AY {Concluded on page 658)

620 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE PLACE OF M.I. A. IN THE

of the Lkurck PmamiSy An address given in the Tabernacle, [or

M. LA. June Conference, Friday

morning, June 7, 1946

the home of the lei, and I know of no other part of the world that has adopted the plan of a beautiful welcome of flowers. There is one

place in the South Seas where they use what they call the ula, which is similar. The lei as a

general rule is made of flowers, but the ula of the Samoan Island group is usually made of colored tissue paper. It was my pleasure to be

decorated with an ula in Samoa about eight or nine years ago as I have been this morning by our dear friends from the Hawaiian Islands.

I would like those who brought this gift to feel that they brought it, not just to me, but also to you, their Mutual Improvement associates, their coworkers in the great department of the youth service of the Church. I am sure you can all

PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH IN SCOUT UNIenjoy it, as I enjoy it, and I hope that they will

FORM, WEARING THE SILVER BEAVER AND THE SILtake our love and our appreciation back to the

VER BUFFALO, THE HIGHEST AWARDS IN SCOUTING. Hawaiian Islands.

It is a wonderful thing, brethren and sisters, feel to that to Father. are near our Heavenly we of rest the you of whether any know do NOT

this condition would a marvelous world What I this as here to quite as be am happy can be if if feel, feel in as could everyone be today we in which of a years After term morning. I chilbillions millions, Father's yes, of of our in all privilege meeting of the denied been have we

all his children, dren, as could know know we the Mutual of as tabernacle this members great is eternal that that lives and God we are living toAssociations, come we now Improvement is! thing that Father. our a wonderful What that influence the same sweet gether again under

just his children, a of part are one here as is a We This work. our characterized has always

part. family, great small yet only a and we are

I can sight not know that beautiful to me. I do

express myself as I would like, but I am surely If we could do our full duty as members of the Mutual Improvement Associations, we could inpleased to be with you this morning. I have

enjoyed the program and have rejoiced in the crease the membership of the Church that bears of his the beloved Son, Church of Jesus name lovely experiences through which we have the into Christ; bring it a could large number, we

passed. not only of young men and young women but

I appreciate our brethren and sisters from the also of older men and older women, and the

Hawaiian Islands and if I cannot go down there Church would continue to grow and thrive as to see them, I am happy to have them come here our Heavenly Father desires that it should.

to see me and bring me a greeting that is always Most of his children do not understand the so beautiful, such as they present when you purpose of life. Most of his children do not

arrive in that delightful land of flowers, where realize that we are living eternal lives. Only

so many of our people live. I have never been a comparatively few have received that witness,

anywhere in my life where people were more and you who are here this morning are among genuinely hospitable than they are there. It is that number. (Continued on page 668)

OCTOBER 1946 621 Europe's valiant

WAREHOUSES AND RAILROAD SIDINGS OF THE

INTERNATIONAL RED CROSS, GENEVA, SWITZERLAND, WHERE OUR L.D.S. WELFARE SUPPLIES

ARE STORED AND FROM WHICH POINT THEY

ARE SHIPPED BY RAIL TO THE YARIOUS PARTS

OF THE OCCUPIED AREAS.

with the work of reorganization and rebuilding. Welfare products are

arriving in volume and supplying our

Saints with the needful things of life. It has been a source of keen

satisfaction to meet with many audiences in which the majority of the

Saints were completely outfitted with American (welfare) clothes, looking for all the world like an

American audience.

()ne of our most noteworthy experiences has been to learn how

London, England, scattered and disorganized during the spirit of the Church welfare proSeptember 1, 1946 the war years, lacked leadership to gram has been manifest among our reorganize and carry on their activipeople even though they were, in

And the voice of warning shall be unto ties, and love and encouragement large measure, unacquainted with its disciples, ofall people, the mouths by my from Zion were longingly awaited. organization and objectives as we last days. in these chosen I have Andwhom

they shall go forth and none shall stay them, Today mission presidents from Zion have them today. During the war

for I the Lord have commanded them. (D. are in charge of all the missions in years, as well as since that time, the

6C. 1:4, 5.) Europe except the two German misSwedish Saints have sent assistance

sions, one of which has a mission to their Norwegian, Finnish, and

Since leaving Salt Lake City for president appointed, but both of Danish brethren and sisters. The

London by plane during a which are carrying on commendably Danish members sent food and snowstorm on January 29, under able local leadership. Missionclothing packages to Norway and

1946, to assume his duties as presiaries are arriving in goodly numbers Holland. From the Swiss Mission,

dent of the European Mission, the in many of the missions, assisting food and funds were sent to Beltravels, experiences, and successes of

President Ezra Taft Benson have been a most literal fulfilment of this promise of the Lord to his servants Photographs in this dispensation. In less than V. Bouveratby

seven months, visits have been made throughout England, Holland, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Finland,

Belguim, France, Switzerland, Czechoslovakia, Austria, Poland, and the occupied zones in Germany.

To accomplish this, 15,035 miles have been traversed by plane, 5,951 miles by train, 1,296 miles by ship and boat, 11,551 miles by private automobile, and an additional 2,940 miles by jeep, truck, station wagon, bus, cable railway, streetcar, and horse and buggy, making a total of BENSONPRESIDENTSAND ZIMMER 36,773 miles covered. LARGECHECKINGQUANTITIESON

Seven months ago the condition OF ANDCANNEDBEDDINGFOODS of many of the Saints throughout IN THEAT GENEVA,WAREHOUSE

Europe was most distressing. Food SWITZERLAND

and clothing were urgently needed;

many branches, which had been o22 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SAINTS FORGE AHEAD

gium, Holland, and Germany, and jrrotn (L*zra JaflJaft I/D&(LJen5on some of the underprivileged children of these lands were cared for by the OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Saints. In Hamburg, Germany, an PRESIDENT OF THE EUROPEAN MISSION

energetic welfare program was proai reported ou viding for the needy, the homeless, and the orphaned. Finally when that jrrederick V\J. vSaooei

city was almost totally demolished SECRETARY TO PRESIDENT BENSON ings—throughfourconcentratedof our five branchmass chapelsbombbeing completely destroyed, over projects have been undertaken Even in Germany and Austria,

sixty members in one branch being throughout the various missions in where conditions are still most killed within two weeks, many othEurope, each testifying more elocritical, welfare supplies are beginers wounded, crippled, or rendered quently than words of the true love ning to be distributed; meeting halls

homeless, widowed or orphaned and brotherhood existing among the are being rented or rebuilt from the the district president, being himself Church members. With the receipt ruins; and an energetic missionary

program—carried on entirely by

local brethren—is meeting with

gratifying success.

Come of the meetings held with the

Saints, often in cold, unlighted, unheated, bombedout buildings, will never be forgotten. We have seen

these devoted members assembled, their faces and bodies revealing the horrors of war and the ghastliness of approaching starvation, shivering as they sang the songs of Zion with great fervor, yet with a smile on their upturned faces. Tears of gratitude

have streamed down their hollow cheeks as they expressed through parched and swollen lips their gratitude for the gospel and the blessings it has brought to them. In all of

our meetings with them we have encountered no spirit of bitterness, no

CREW WORKERS AT THE INTERNATIONAL feeling of hopeless despair, but inrendered homeless for the second RED CROSSLOADINGWAREHOUSE,PLATFORMAT THE stead a heartfelt gratitude for their time, called the remaining ablefaith in the gospel, for their memberbodied members together to meet of welfare commodities from Zion, ship in the Church, and for their this new catastrophe. It was decided their hearts are full of gratitude and testimonies of the divinity of the misto pool all remaining food, clothing, appreciation for the invaluable help sion and teachings of Jesus Christ.

and household supplies and apporthese supplies have provided. The reception accorded us by the

tion them to the membership accordSince the arrival of mission presiSaints has been most outstanding.

ing to need as far as they would dents, many of the missions are busiHalls, though drab and uninviting, reach. In addition, a special fund ly engaged in welfare projects in the have been profusely decorated with

was raised with which to purchase hope that they may be entirely selflovely flowers and changed into available materials to be used in sustaining by the middle of of 1947. places the occasion worship. On

articles patching and sewing needed have established Many branches children flowers strewn along have of clothing. Some of the brethren building funds. Some have already the aisle as President Benson walked

secured small garden plots on the located suitable buildings to be used through the meeting hall to take his outskirts of the city; usable bricks, as meetinghouses, and others have place upon the stand. Tokens and and wooden were salvaged beams either purchased or are negotiating of all favors descriptions sorts and

ruins, from the smoldering among for the lands purchase of upon him. tendered which have been Often the

shelters rude and soon were conto build chapels. spirit of new The in Saints English have songs sung

to structed the house membership building extends even to things such their to express love esteem. and the the cold from of approaching as proposed missionwide Mutual people endeared These good have winter. Association Improvement resort and in live will that themselves a way These and many equally inspiring recreation projects. (Continued on page 664)forOCTOBER 1946., 623

) I

Under Full Control

arum 0. Ak OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—Illustrated by J. A. Bywater

that parcel of dynamite plunging people in the wake of that pair of

ET me tell you about this horse. around the disk. From the grandshafts holding that piece of T.N.T.

stand you could very nearly see animal explosive? ( By the way, I

few months ago my docthose big veins that led to her arishave seen what runaway shafts willE A torneighbor said to me, "Bishop, tocratic nostrils. If ever there was do. I have seen them make a hole in

there's a horse show in Kaysville a display in horseflesh, of gunan oncoming horse a foot and a half tonight. Let's go."We went. It powder, and of ginger, it was in that deep.) Everyone arose as if he had

wasn't a horse race. It was a show animal as she split the air showing been pushed up automatically by the

where these beautiful animals were her speed to the crowd. Her front earth itself.

shown off. Whenever you get a feet hit the terra firma as though it Well, what did happen? The

chance to see a good horse show, be were the last stroke she would make driver rolled out of the buggy—wethere. I have forgotten most of what on this earth. What a sight it expected that—nothing else could

took place that night but the act one animated everyone. As she was in have been expected. But sometimes

particular horse gave us. She was the height of her glory showing us a horse in a runaway becomes blind

a beautiful bay creature. A goodwhat she could do, my doctor friend—she is oblivious to what she's dosized man would have to stand on poked me in the ribs and broke forth ing. Not that horse that night—as

tiptoes to reach the top of her magfrom his animation: "If the Lord the wheel crashed, she stopped like

part—onenificent head.of man'sShe reallygreatestlookedfriends.the mademakesonlyshoutsa horse,to theeveryworldstroketheresheis abeencow.talkingAll thataboutgunpowderbecamewea havelimp They first put a saddle on her. a God—there is a Creator."Those lump—what a moment before was a

Then with a little gentle coaching leather veins were as though they meteor, now was a relaxed and from the rider she went into the five were made of steel. It seemed such a steady animal.

gaits. She walked, she trotted, she force was pulling them from her bit, The spectators too relaxed—gave

paced, she did the single foot, and if they had been attached to a thirtytheir applause. Why had she taken

then off with a little gallop. But this ton car of coal her determined, yet hold of herself—why such control?feat didn't inspire me too much—sensitive mouth would have drawn She was a thoroughbred,

had seen that done before. the load. I wouldn't give ten cents for a boy

They then threw off the saddle Up to this point I am trying to that won't wriggle—a boy that

and put her between a pair of shafts, picture the thrill of five thousand hasn't in his system a bunch of nitrodrawing a buggy. This is no more people. As the crowd sat spellglycerin. But I like to see him wrigthan a small fourwheeled pneumatbound, something happened with gle at the right time. A colt that

ictired buggy. The vehicle was so that horse and buggy that brought won't kick up her heels won't break

light a lad could throw the whole everyone in the grandstand to his many records on the race track. We

thing over his shoulder. (I'm exagfeet-—an accident. Just as that horse are talking about control.

gerating, but I'm enjoying it. hit the northwest curve, the speed

The driver climbed into the seat of the turn was too much for that Tnder the hood of every healthy made for one only, tightened up the toy vehicle—too great a burden on auto are at least one hundred

thatreins, flimsy she charged around and away playing the wheel. It crumbled like a horses with bit—each

shell. thatthat track. peanut eye in Every to its master up."ready for say "Get

crowded grandstand was riveted on What's going to happen to those {Concluded on page 657) 624 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

EDITOR'S NOTE to 'T'he Honorable Charles C. Rich-M visit

* ards, whose testimony concerning his visit to David Whitmer is here recorded, is a qualified witness DAVID WHITMER and a competent observer of men.

Born in Salt Lake City, September 16, 1859, he is a lawyer of high red5u Lkanes C-. f\ichards pute. He was the last secretary of

the Territory of Utah, to which office he was appointed by President

Grover Cleveland. He was admitted

to the bar of the Supreme Court of the United States nearly 59 years sion, and Father had desired for several ago. And in September 1919, during

years to return and view the sacred the administration of President grounds from which they had been so Woodrow Wilson, he was appointed ruthlessly driven by the mobs and and served as an Assistant Attorney forces of violence. In the carrying out General of the United States. He

of Father's desires, he and I left our legislatorhas been ofa prosecutingexperience, aattorney,universitya home at Ogden, Utah, on the ninth day regent, an influential statesman and of May 1885, and in succession we public officer, and a successful busivisited Pueblo, Denver, Kansas City, ness and civic leader. While acting

Independence, Chicago, Carthage, governor, on August 1, 1894, he isNauvoo and, as our last call, we vissued his proclamation ordering the ited and interviewed David Whitmer, election of delegates to form the Conthe then survivor of the three witnesses stitutional Convention, and on Januto the Book of Mormon. ary 6, 1896, he formally delivered

possession of the executive offices to 17e had spent two very busy, interthe governor of the new state. Durfiftieth anniversary of the recent RICHARDS FRANKLIN DEWEY profitable esting days and in Nauing statehood, to admittance JanuUtah's of the President of Council the

visiting, Twelve at the voo, contemplatviewing and picture the time taken was prominently 1946, 4, he ary was ing the successes and tragic experiences featured as a speaker and guest of the spring of 1885, my father. of the Saints and their beloved Prophhonor in the public presentations

INApostle Franklin Dewey Richards, et, and our minds were well prepared which commemorated this notable and I were needing a few days'rest to interview and consider whatever event. Any testimony from him carand vacation from our work. For David Whitmer might tell us of the ries the weight of a seasoned obseveral years he had desired to visit sacred proceedings connected with the server, whose profession has been to

the site of the Old Stockade of Pueblo presentation of the plates from which weigh evidence and to appraise men.

the Book of Mormon was translated. in Colorado—near which was buried

the body of his younger brother, Joseph On the twentysecond day of May

William Richards, who was enrolled my father and Mr. Whitmer but, at

as a drummer boy in the Mormon Batwhat I considered an opportune motalion and who, after months of fatigument, I said that we would appreciate ing service, too arduous for his youthful being told, if Mr. Whitmer felt like

frame, was stricken with a mortal illtelling us some of the incidents conness, and died on the nineteenth day of nected with the vision he had at the

November 1 846. If Father had been suctime the plates were shown to him and

cessful in locating his brother's grave, to the other witnesses. Mr. Whitmer

he desired to arrange for the erection turned his large, kind, but penetrating of a suitable monument to mark the eyes upon me, and in a very pleasant sacred place. After visiting Pueblo, and considerate, but firm and steady

Father desired to visit the states of voice said:

Missouri and Illinois and view the "Read the printed testimony of the scenes where the cruel atrocities were three witnesses, which you will find on flagrantly committed upon the Latterone of the front pages of the Book of day Saints by their enemies, and which Mormon—and I say to you that every

culminated in the final expulsion of the word of it is true."

Saints from those states. Among those A very complete and interesting acterrible crimes was the slaughter of count of that visit with David Whitanother of Father's younger brothers, mer, as well as of our visits to InGeorge Spencer Richards, then but dependence, Nauvoo, Carthage, and

fifteen years of age, who was one of other prominent points of early Church nearly a score of peaceful and defenseactivities and persecutions, was given less settlers, who were butchered at CHARLES C. RICHARDS by my father, over his signature and,

Haun's Mill, by an armed mob, and but five weeks after our return home, their bodies thrown into an old well 1885, my father and I visited David addressed to the editor of the Desetet and covered with rocks and soil. Whitmer at Richmond, Missouri, and News, and was published in the DesMy father, my mother, and their parhad a very friendly, informative and eret News—Supplement—of June 27,

ents were among those who had been profitable interview with him. The con1885. In that letter Father said:

recipients of such cruelties and expulversation was carried on, mainly, by (Concluded on page 664)

OCTOBER 1946 625 To Fit the Burden

Kenneth work so hard,"Mrs. Parhours after work, and he had turned

came into her mothrish went on. "After all, he can't be to his garden. Lissa understooderin-law'sLIissahouse, glowing with perfectly well yet, you know. And Ken's father, and he understood her.

her secret. She was so happy, so his job must be twice as hard for him, The tenuous, secret bond of symtriumphant that she felt as if her in spite of his courage, as it would pathy between them had never beennews were shining through her eyes, be for a man who isn't—"her voice mentioned, but it was there, warm

gleaming in the golden swirls of her caught as it always did when she and palpable, and baffling to Ken's light curls, sparkling in her smile. thought directly of her son's blindmother and sisters.

She went straight to Mrs. Parrish ness, "handicapped."Ken's father was working among

and kissed her, not dutifully as she Lissa decided suddenly that her his dahlias. Lissa went down the

had been doing of late, but joyously, news could wait. She said, trying to walk toward him, and as she went

lovingly. be gentle and understanding, "You her happiness came back, strong and

Her motherin-law asked, a trifle worry too much about Ken, Mother clean, and her lips parted in a smile coldly, "Where's Kenneth?"Parrish. He's all right. It's true he of joy.

Lissa answered brightly, "He'll has an uphill pull, but he can make The man straightened up and be over later. He's getting out copy it."smiled. Lissa could see the pleasure

for a special booklet and had to work Ken's mother looked steadily at written plainly across his fine face.

awhile yet."her son's wife. She said, "I'm afraid

Ken's older sister, Ethel, looked you don't understand Kenneth. I'm

up, frowning. his mother, and I know his nature

"Do you think he ought to go and disposition. He is sensitive,

about so much alone after dark?"Melissa, and proud. He works beshe asked. "After all—cause you expect him to work, and

Lissa looked at her sisterin-law he will keep on working till somethoughtfully. thing breaks. He's been through

"After all,"she said gently, "it things down there in those islands doesn't make one bit of difference to we can't even guess, and he ought to

Ken, you know, whether it is light rest and get back his normal outlook.

or dark."He'd need this, even if he hadn't

"Melissa!"Ken's mother said lost his sight. He needs it more than

sharply. "How callous you are!"ever now. I wish you could see that!"

"Not callous, Mother Parrish,"Lissa had heard this argument

Lissa defended herself quietly, "just over and over during the past four honest."months, but tonight she didn't want

"But I do think you shouldn't let to get into a controversy. She

thought, "I can't ever make her see that I,—thattoo, understandI understandKen

him without that overwhelming solicitude that colors her point of view. It's no handsome in spite of an old bayonet

use trying any more."scar that cut across the sensitive

She asked, "Where's features, distorting them shockDad?"ingly. He was so much like Ken,

Her motherin-law Lissa thought tenderly, his splendid nodded toward the brown eyes so much like the eyes back garden, and Listhat had smiled into hers so long that would never sa said, "I guess I'll ago—the eyes

go and say hello to smile into hers again.

him."Lissa's throat tightened; tears

stung her eyes; but she tossed the

OHE went thought away with a valiant shake through the French of her tawny head and went straight doors and across the and smiling to Ken's father, her little patio her fatherhands outstretched.

inlaw had built while "What is it, Lissa?"he asked,

Ken was overseas. smiling down at her, taking her outHe'd had to do somestretched hands in his firm, lean fin-

—Illustrated by Alvin L. Gittins thing in the long gers, so much like his son's. "What's

626 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I )

glad to have him back again, to have his dear, remembered lips upon hers, that she would not see the dark glasses that shadowed his eyes, i5u'9 KJilue Woollen'i SDurt wouldthe harnessnot acknowledgeof the seeingthe eyehanddog,on its knuckles white with tension.

her cool voice checking Lissa's exBut Ken's mother and sisters had citement. seen the glasses and the hand on the

But Lissa wasn't going to be dog, and they, who had hidden their daunted. tears so bravely when Ken left, now

"Ken and I are going to have a broke down and sobbed against his baby, Mother Parrish,"she said uniform.

quietly, trying to keep the ring of Lissa, watching the brave angle of triumph out of her voice. Ken's shoulders droop, the firm line

Mrs. Parrish drew back, shrinking of his lips waver under their pity,

away from the girl as if in distaste. had made a staunch resolution. She

"No!"she cried, and Lissa couldn't would take Ken away from this—

help contrasting her motherin-law's "You wouldn't give him even one exclamation with her husband's. night in his old home—not one

Mrs. Parrish was staring at her night!"Tears fell down the woman's

daughterin-law. cheeks as she spoke.

"I can't understand you, MelNo, Lissa knew she hadn't given issa!"she cried. "You used to be Ken a night at home. They had

gentle and sweet. But ever since planned to stay there for the first

Kenneth came back you have been few days, but Lissa, frantic over hard and cruel, I will say what they were doing to Ken, had and—yes, it—driving! And now to burden him suddenly changed her mind and had

happened to give you that glorywith the responsibility of a child!"insisted on going to their own little

look?"Lissa kept her voice steady, her apartment.

"We're going to have a baby!"eyes calm. Lissa felt the pressure of Ken's

Lissa said breathlessly. "You are "We thought it was for the best,"father's hand upon her cold fingers,

going to be a grandfather!"she said. "We both want children."and she smiled at him, reassuringly.

"No!"he cried happily. "Oh, I'm "Of course, you do,"the older He had stood by her, she knew.

so glad for you both, my dear!"He woman went on, passionately now. When Ken's mother had appealed to

tilted her face upward and kissed "But we can't have everything we him for help in keeping them there her tenderly. want in this world. I want Kenneth so that Ken could rest—could get "We're glad, too!"she said, and whole and strong again, as he was his bearings, she had said—his faher blue eyes grew twinkly. "It before the war—failing that, I ther had insisted gently, "But,

seems too wonderful to have hapwant Kenneth to be happy and unMother, that's not our problem.

pened to us. No!"she caught herself worried, to be able to enjoy the ( Continued on page 659

sharply, "I won't say that. Nothing small portion of life left to him—

is too wonderful to happen to us!"don't have what I want. Kenneth

The man grinned at her, and she can't have what he wants. No one

read the message from his heart to can have everything he wants. But

hers in spite of the distortion of his if a person loves, he can sacrifice features caused by the old scar. some of his own desires and help

Lissa smiled at him fondly. others come that much nearer to

"You spoil Ken and me;"she said, happiness."

"so I pity the poor child that's comKen's father's hand closed over ing. You'll spoil it, too!"Lissa's, silently comforting.

"I'm afaid I shall,"he admitted cheerfully. "Now, Mother,"he began, but his

"It's the truth, wife went on, Les.

if didn't you I'd disown "And it. I the remember You know day

gaily.you!'cried are she "What Kenneth came home—grandfathers for, anyway?'

"Oh, Lissa!"the man said again, Lissa remembered, too. Lissa reshaking his head in wonder at the membered Ken's coming up the walk

girl's youth and beauty and happibetween the sunshine of the blosness. "It's marvelous,"soming forsythias, tall and lean and

brown, and wearing his uniform with that special grace that comes only

Xven's mother had come to those who have suffered the full through the French door and was measure for what that uniform coming across the lawn. means.

"What's marvelous?"she asked, Lissa had flown into his arms, so

OCTOBER 1946 627 Even the Humblest Dm J}. Ujilworth UJoima ingparedSaltto LakethoseCitywhichweretheysmalllatercomen-

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY dured. He contracted typhoid and

was near death for three months.

Who nursed him? Who bought the

7T s I travel about the country, He has kept his family together in medicine? Who paid the rent and

ZJV visiting the branches of the spite of the tides of opposition and the doctor? Who bought the food?

JL JL missions, and attending contemptation until his loyal descendShe doesn't say how she did it, but ferences in the stakes, one very imants number seventyone faithful she did it. Furthermore, she promportant fact forces itself upon me souls. ised the Lord that if her husband's

constantly. This fact is the intense life could be spared she would do

loyalty and devotion to the princiere is the story of two such de whatever the leaders of the Churchples of the gospel, and to the Church H voted people. I found them in should ask of her. She also prayed

leaders, by the great body of humble Farmer City, Illinois. Two missionthat if the Lord wanted her husband,

folk, who, not seeking and certainly aries, one presiding as branch presito take him, but to help her never to not receiving, renown, serve without lose her testimony. He lived. Can

grumbling wherever they are placed. you visualize the physical effort it

They do the most onerous and arduwould take a lonely German girl, ous tasks cheerfully and unfalterspeaking very little English, to go ingly. It is apparent that to some out working days and nights at the

it is given to stand in pulpits and sway multitudes; to others comes the

gift of presidency in wards, in stakes, or in missions; and to still

others is given the gift of obedience and humble service.

Among this latter group are found those who do menial tasks for the sake of the gospel. Scattered families of them live in regions far from

the gathering places of the Saints.

They carry a great portion of the AUGUST WILHELM REYMANN expense of missionaries because a surprisingly large proportion of our boys and girls in the missions of the dent, and the other serving as an

Church are their sons and daughassistant in the Relief Society, careters. Occasionally they, in the suntakers of a house used as a chapel,

set of their years, and full of faith speaking English with a broad acLOUISEHELMKENMARGARETREYMANNCATHERINE and devotion, take the carefully cent, but withal making light of their hoarded savings of a lifetime and go difficulties and chuckling over the forth willingly to preach the gospel human qualities of their charges and servant girl wage level of 1904, and to everyone who will listen. of the townspeople generally. then afterwards, to come home and

for care her husband? somehow in born Bremen, Gerwas He I see continually them travel. as I

litlater to build struggled a They 16, 1876. many, December She was inI meet the them most unexpected

tle material home. Those had who in city 10, the same September Iplaces. ate Recently lunch with a born

sell their to to liked lend and money seventy makes them stalwarthumble in family and Fort 1875—which

thrift, industry, honesty, and and age. of seventyone and years I Indiana. learnedWayne, from

them that this city has been their They "accepted the gospel"(how helped them with loans.

called the a him Church on Then intense the over pass easily we for years.home many have They to went. mission She Germany. He struggle, mentally and solidbeen refhuman and sturdy havens of

in there. kept you, him even Could spiritually, joining of the Church, for discourageduge missionaries,

this in high of wages, working day the the phrase by for too,and members, somewho ironing, doing washing, in homes gospel"), and weretimes wavered. doubt; have no They baptized—he"accepted cleaning, to yourkeep enough make 1900, she in and August November fear.they have are no calm They clothed, self fed husyour and and Prior left 1901. to her she baptism in true era of inand an doubt and did. mission? a on band Every She missionaries the but advised Bremen,difference.

his to sent there mission was return there. her to stay and She month I in a Then saw a man small town for a draft twentyfive headquarters her future obeyed husband. met and Illinoisin the joined had who sits dollars. laughs as she now, She they married. were There in 1910. elosimpleChurch The City chapelhome in her Farmer and

quence of the words he used in bearThey came to Salt Lake City in recounts how, very often, she didn't ing his testimony moved me deeply. 1904. The trials they had in reach- {Concluded on page 644)

628 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

"THE CHURCH LIVING GOD

7T T different times during the past By ganizations flourished in Palestine /-A several years, efforts have when Jesus lived in Nazareth as a * * been made to create a closer GUNNAR RASMUSON boy and as a youth. There were the

union between the various ProtesPharisees, the Sadducees, the Estant churches. It has even been sugsenes, and several other influential

gested that all of these churches consects. But to none of these did Jesus

solidate and form one large united go when he was ready to begin his

Protestant organization. versytion intoamongrivalhisfactions?followers and their separaministry. He went to John the BapMany prominent American busitist and demanded to be baptized.

nessmen have given this matter a He immediately answered his He went to John because he knew great deal of attention, among them own question by saying: that John the Baptist was divinely

John D. Rockefeller, Jr., who for Let ordinance, creed, ritual, form, Biblicalled to usher in the Dispensation

years has been an active and earnest cal interpretation, theology, all be used to of the Meridian of Time. Christ

member of the Baptist Church. On enrich worship, and to bring the believer knew that John and his converts

the invitation of the Protestant into a fuller understanding of Him whom were the only ones at that time who individual as or separate worship, each the to preach the authority word had of the CityCouncil of New that find helped York, wechurch toward them may rethe for and to baptize of God a dinner addressed RockefellerMr. ever, forbid, that they should end. But God

meeting on this subject in New York any of them, divert the attention from, or mission of sins.

in January 1 945. be regarded as a substitute for, that personWhen that ceremony was perIn that address he maintained al,its Godspiritualwhichrelationis the essencebetweenof thetruesoulreligion.and formed, the approval from on high

that, "Christianity has not failed; God forbid that they should be allowed to came when a voice from heaven prochurches may have failed, but cause divisions among the followers of claimed, "This is my beloved Son, in

not Christianity."He further deChrist or be set up as barriers at the door whom I am well pleased."( Matthew

clared that never in the history of of anv branch of the "Church of the Living 3:17.) To testify further of the

the world was Christianity a more God."divine acceptance and approval of

it lifevital than force in human in is TTU'e may agree that a religious orthescendedbaptism,on Jesusthe Holyin the Ghostform ofde-a not the churchtoday, but that was close enough contact with its peoganization, such as proposed, dove.

in the perhaps good much do would said,ple. not church, he had The covered of labors the Jesus Since

fill it rethe never world. But would of the to language speaklearned it is that evident years, three a mere really for those quirements who to think people, in termsthe common nonessentials. for time no he any had thirst for of the hunger and word their to environment, theirof meet exas intended an baptism His was

needs. God. ample, as a pattern, for others to

Mr. Rockefeller recommended a In considering the arguments, first follow if they desired to accept the

solution for this dilemma. If it is of all, we should remember that if plan of salvation proclaimed by

organization contemplated is failing, he thetrue that the church apostles. would Jesus and his We remember

really of the Living be the "Church is inevitable.said, things one of two that untold Nicodemus that Jesus

"Either this unorganized spiritual God"or the kingdom of God, as sugless a man be born of the water and force which is silently dominating gested, then only God himself the spirit, he could not enter the millions of lives will not be conshould stipulate the requirements for kingdom of God. Shortly after this

served or the church must have a membership in it. Neither we, nor utterance, Jesus and his disciples

new birth."He then proposed a reanyone else, would have a right to came into the land of Judea, "... and

born church, which he named, "The decree what should, or should not be there he tarried with them, and bapChurch of the Living God."done, to gain admission. When we tized."(John 3:22.) No wonder

Commenting on the ritual and the are outside that church or kingdom, then that the final message of the requirement for membership in the we have no right to stipulate the conSavior to his apostles, prior to his proposed church, he said, "Bapditions under which we will affiliate ascension into heaven, was the adtism is an ordinance of profound with it. If it is his church, then why monition:

symbolic meaning. Christ himself should not he prescribe its entrance

was baptized. He did not, however, requirements? baptizingGo ye therefore,them in theandnameteachof allthe nations,Father,

make baptism a condition of church No individual who has lived on and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost:

membership."earth has ever been closer to God Teaching them to observe all things whatsoAnd then he continued by asking: than was his son, Jesus Christ. As ever I have commanded you:... (Matthew

a member of the Godhead, Jesus had 28:19, 20.)

of great of the problems In the face in sin, assisted of the arranging plan spiritual evil,of the of hunger which and the followPentecost, day of On salvation. rewhat knew was He today, the worldconfront can we imagine ing the ascension of the Savior, wonfor set the pattern quired, and hethat, again, earth Christ to to come were

he would regard the observance or nonthe rest of God's children to follow. derful manifestations and the powobservance of baptism or the sacrament or And that is exactly what he did do erful preaching of Peter caused the

other ordinances and individual beliefs, or while living upon this earth as a man. astonished people to ask what they

the manner in which they are observed as should do. To this Peter replied

of sufficient importance to justify controDifferent religious sects and or- ( Continued on page 662

OCTOBER 1946 629 jrlne METAL FRANCIS &* LORNA 1 ehind the bright facade and B, sparkling windows of Randall's Hardware, Sam Randall watched the passersher hips, the fork still clutched in one. she'd bottle everything up inside her;

by on Main Street. He rested his left "The trouble is, you're too easy with talking about Gerry was Anna's safety

foot the floor display of the on window him. well valve. If he aggravated at school, doing He's not Paul—well, leanedand knee, elevated on the his of highlytempered a piece touches his never at home. was like books Behe

thumbs in his vest. sides,"she went on, "it's his attitude I steel; put on the wrong kind of presHe had an excellent view of the don't like. He's sulky half the time. sure, and you had two pieces in your

gleaming blacktiled front of Gleeker's You'll have to do something about him, hands.

Kitchen,Restaurant, and I the Candy can't."the Sam. his position. His from roused Sam

in front Bijou of theline slowly forming his leg asleep. kitchen rubbed door opened, and Paul foot was The He

Theater. came in. He tossed an armful of books vigorously and went behind the back

With a start he leaned forward, alon the chair in the corner. counter. He began absently putting

most losing his balance. He snapped his "I thought I told you to get that lawn twoinch finishing nails into the twofingers, and his lips puckered in a cut last night, young man."Anna inch common bin, his lips puckered

soundless whistle. brandished her fork. again in his soundless whistle. He was

in. there Farley came when Doc couldn't the figure that mistake He All sat Paul "Uhhuh."down.

rattled tins front pie in the corner his Thestillslid line into theater unobtrusively the legs to collapse. bones His seemed

of the of vigor the slam Doc's with towith guilty glance over a shoulder a in front stretched distance an enormous wards the hardware store. The gabarof him. door.

leaned to in him and backdine thrust open, came hanging coat Doc hands it tonight.""I Anna's want done

his counter, face glowtie, the across ruddy of plaidpockets, the the shock line. in "Believe closed a firm mouth

hair, his son, those of darkwavy, were I wouldn't me, to ask have Gerry ing. had

Paul, who ought at this moment to be twice.""Hi, Sam,"he wheezed, "how about

in school. some new hinges for my gate?"

look closed over the come saw a Sam rattling motionless, stood some Sam the at attempt a feeble made Sam face. silence. sullen sat in He the boy'scoins in his pocket, and watched carried banter usual he Doc. on with

line advance into the theater. His pa- "We're ready to eat,"Anna said. His eyes rested on Doc's face. Then

tient, squarish face fell into perplexed She almost tripped over the extended he looked down at the nails, "Look lines. He had been aware of restivelegs that Paul was slow in gathering what I've done!"he muttered. "Those

ness and rebellion growing in Paul for under him. They went into the dining things'll have to be all picked out of

some time. It was only yesterday that room where the bright sunshine seemed, there."

he had become conscious of the cause. to Sam, to emphasize the likeness in the "What's the matter with you, Sam?"

At lunch time yesterday he was two faces before him. There were the Doc asked.

the of of the narrowness contour insame his off the rugcleaning rag shoes on hinges. get to the "These went Sam face, the the eyes, same dark same his kitchen theside the Anna, door way right size?"the he inquired. began He lips. sensitive to the droopwife, liked burst do, to she him when fingers slowly. long to His them wrap

out: "Another thing,"Anna went on as twined in the string and snapped it.

"Did you see that lawn, Sam?"they sat down, "I never had to tell "I'm worried, Doc. I'm worried about

"Lawn?"Sam looked inquiringly. Gerry to fix himself up before a meal. Paul."

His hair was always combed and he said: "I If noticed Farley told I've lawn, him the Doc Sam. "Our

neat."that looked fast. other day. pretty I've Growing times once, He dozen told him aboy

to cut it. I ask you, is it cut?"Paul ignored the hint. He sat still was all right, though, last time I checked

Sam peered from the window. with a stubbornly set chin. Sam was him over."

"Doesn't look like it."He rubbed his acutely conscious of the boy. He Sam said thoughtfully, "Another

hand through his thinning hair. wanted to say, "Go easy about Gerry,"checkup mightn't be a bad idea. I'll

to her. couldn't hurt Anna. he But if all bring in right."that's tonight him is all there "Paul's That's bone lazy. of spoke Gerry, which Whenever Anna "Sure,"turned away. face Doc it."Anna'sto and was flushed his often, thought, too with was Sam

troubled. it called. "If like "Wait, face, Doc,"you've eyes a on Paul's seemed Sam

Paul at sixteen was growing too release of her pentup grief. No, he a minute or two, I'd like to talk to you."

fast, Sam knew, and he was prepared couldn't say anything to Anna. He said to the clerk, "Start sorting out

listlessness. certain forgiveto a Why, nails will again, you, Tom? My his these the scolded about boy Anna at of the glanced the backhe on mark fault. here, led Doc."on out Come He lunch, fortoo, during schoolwork, not the to kid almostthe door, the up was into the him back room. getting flawless to Gerry's dwell on left thatsixfoot-two Gerry had mark

behind him. Pain stabbed Sam as he scholastic record. Paul finally got up,

for stood glowering as though a moment housewife's grapeelder the >Y somethought of son had who B into he might break some his already about high heard had with violent vine Anna head andmarched away would never come back. Gerry would speech, then wordlessly he shoved his Paul's afternoon escapade when Sam

have been twentyfour now. Sam's chair in so that the table shook, and came home that night. After dinner she

heart softened towards Paul. stalked rather blindly from the room. went out leaving Sam and Paul alone

"Don't be too hard on the boy, Anwith a significant look at Sam that na,"he said. "His strength's all going Oam's one clerk came in from said, "Now's your chance. Get busy."

into growth."an errand. Sam was still standing in the Sam said: "Come with me, Paul. I

"Hard on him, Sam Randall!"Anna window. He was no nearer a solution want Doc Farley to look you over."

gave the fried potatoes a push back on of his problem. If he told Anna frankHe noted as they went out that Paul's

the stove and stood with her hands on ly that it was her fault, in part at least, books still lay on the chair where he 630 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA had tossed them the day before. The closed on all these little family skelein spite of them. But look, Son,"he

lawn was still not cut, but Sam said tons, eh, Paul?"touched Paul's arm, "I don't think if I

I'd anything to say Mother were younothing. scribbled said: he Paul,""Here, Doc talking things about those size,"was getting to Doc be "You're an awful will help his vitamins pad, "a few on for spoil things of kind about. It might told Paul. "Here, FarleyDoc right up. You're those shoulders say keep 'her."boy's'Ah.'the squinted down He rain, all through, as boy."

throat. He examined his chest. "What "Yes, Dad,"Paul agreed anxiously,

a chest!"he exclaimed. "Just like a "Thanks, Doc. Thanks a lot,"Sam or- -that is, I mean no.

barrel. Never saw anything like it exsaid. "Let's go home this way, Paul,"

cept Gerry's."he went on as they emerged into the

silently strolled along to home, they were Sam They Sam saw Paul stiffen, and his mouth street. Wh'hen There's in the courthouse. front of upstairs, Son. the squaretighten. said, "Come

"But,"Doc went on, "Gerry always Sam took off his hat and stood, a gaunt something I've intended doing for a slumped till they got him out on the figure, before the scroll of honor where while back."

parade ground. This boy holds his the gilded names shone in the lampHe opened the door that Anna kept

light. of his the corner eye he From It Gerry's to closed, door theshoulders Paul gave a whack up."He

veryheld shoulders see Paul's could left the as had boy was just the chest.on it—schoolroom.

straight. wall; the a footpictures, pennants on "It's fishing funny,"said out a he

prescription pad from the welter of "Doc's talking about Gerry tonight, ball on the window seat. The clothes

pens, samples, blotters, and empty botthe way he did,"he said at last, "put closet emitted a strong odor of camphor the door. opened Sam the when lot of things. All in mind of a of me desk, "speaking Doc's wastles—that

just like into, you. scrapes got to the pants knife edges Gerry were There thinkingGerry. I about him towas

day. I'll never forget how frightened The times he was frightened. He must of the pinstriped suit. Gray flannel

that kid was of our dog. You rememhave been frightened out there, too, trousers, the old denim work pants, the

ber that brindle, Sam? Gentle as a kitjust like you or I would be. And when faded school sweater with the crest.

ten, really,"Doc sniffed, "in spite of you know those things, I don't know, Anna had kept everything just as if the what people said. But he got under but it makes it seem a lot grander to boy might walk in at any minute. There

Gerry s skin."me that he could be so doggoned wonwas a row of shoes on the floor, tennis

derful, getting decorated and and a pair of the everyshoes, heavy brogues, reminiscently, "Yes, Sam said little. sir, thing."broke a leather. Sam's voice finest gleaming hightailingGerry'd come for home

whenever he saw that dog."Paul's words came out in a rush. Sam knelt down, remembering first

Doc scratched his head and laughed. "Everybody's always made him out so to pull up the knees of his own pants"Remember, Sam, all the fuss when wonderful—-Gerry, I mean. It just the way Anna liked him to do, and

Gerry and Joe Patterson pulled down seems no use trying to live up to somepicked up the glossy pair. He stood up

McGarrity's sign? And the time he body like that. But Doc's saying those and ran his fingers caressingly across

barely marked.broke all Mrs. Hanson's garage winthings—well, I don't know, it makes the toes. The soles weredows with a sling shot?"me feel different—"He fumbled for "Nice shoes, eh?"he asked Paul.

Sam said carefully: "I'm not likely more words. "You know what it's like, Paul nodded, standing uneasily, his

Mother's his side. by hanging awkwardly handsto forget. were both hard on They my Dad. alwaysof—holding him up sort as an example, I don'tpocket. suppose had, knew you ever And shoes than you've "Nicer

it at the time, Doc, but Gerry got him- "That's women for you,"Sam said. aren't they?"Sam went on.

self into a scrape over in Stanton with "Mother, now, she only remembers "Yes, Dad."There was a quiver in

a couple of other fellows. It was just the good things. I'll bet you couldn't the corners of the boy's sensitive mouth.

high spirits. Started with some roughconvince her that Gerry ever screeched

house in a restaurant. But it could have with colic when he was a baby. I know Sam thrust the shoes at Paul. "Here,

been serious."He stopped suddenly. he did. I walked the floor with him. try 'em on. It took a mighty big fellow

has I think the time come fill them. this in front different. shouldn't saying be a bit us men, it's With"We We to too, if try fill them, you you can when he's ofof Paul. things I'll bet never heard those can remember and know

these things. Mother keeps the door that a fellow can measure up all right hard enough. See what you can do

about it."He gave Paul's arm a squeeze

and laid his hand on the boy's shoulder.

Jam was waked next morning by a whirring, grinding noise. Anna sat

up. "Whatever's that?"She started out

of bed. "Paul's cutting the lawn,"Sam said with a little chuckle.

"For landsake, it's hardly daylight.

The Clarks will be wild. They sleep

late.""If Paul's arrested for disturbing the peace, I'll bail him out,"Sam said happily.

Anna marveled, "Whatever did you do to get him going like this?"

"Oh,"Sam grinned complacently in the half darkness, "I laid him out properly, I tell you."He twisted his pillow

more comfortably under his head and prepared to go back to sleep. "I'll bet

the kid's got those shoes on out in that damp grass,"he said to himself. "When

Illustrated by she sees them, Anna's going to raise the

John Henry Evans, ]v roof. But,"he yawned and relaxed,

"Paul's going to fit into them all right."

OCTOBER 1946 631 Lighthouses By GENEVIA i I. COLE fam

rock, but after several efforts to send a boat to the rock, they had to remove

MONTAUK the men by means of a breeches buoy.

LIGHTHOUSE Other men were landed on the rock in

AT the same way to take the place of those

EASTERN END who were ill. From this lighthouse is

OF shown a light of 75,000 candlepower;

LONG the fog signal is a compressedair-opISLAND erated siren.

rp,HEmilesFarallonoff theLighthouse,Golden Gate,twentyfivewas built in 1855, in those busy days which followed the gold rush. Sailing vessels

were sailing into San Francisco in large numbers. A light was badly needed on

these dangerous rocks. The Golden

City Clipper, which sailed from New

York in 1 852 reported that she was detained five days off the Farallons in fog. Stone for the construction of the

lighthouse was quarried on the island, and inside this masonry was a lining of brick. Work on the lighthouse was

hindered greatly by the extremely sharp slopes of the island and the jagged nature of the rock. The bricks used in

Photograph the tower were carried up the rock in by Monkmeyer bundles of four and five on the backs of

Press men. For many years a mule was kept

Photo on the island to carry supplies between

Service the various parts of the station. At one

time this mule was the oldest inhabitant.

Several years ago birds'eggs were gathered on the island and sold on the

San Francisco market. Seals were also

hunted commercially. But on both, the

to build is for those a blockhouse. muskets no armistice Twenty who down. put its foot federal government

with forTherebattle ammunition elements the as they were kept ready "go the Point Lighthouse, on Makapuu down to the sea in ships"and travel use at any moment for protection eastern extremity of Oahu Island has the centuriesold trade routes. But no against Indians from the Canadian side the largest lens in a lighthouse in United

matter what the weather, these ships and of the strait. But after great difficulty States territory. It is a hyperradiant

their men have learned to look for the with the Indians the lighthouse was finlens. The inside diameter is eight and

friendly light that flashes its warning of ished in 1857. Soon after, however, the threefourths feet, sufficient for several

troubled waters ahead. This is the keeper resigned, because he was anmen to stand within. All the commerce

story of lighthouses—silent partners noyed by the many Indians, who used from the west coast of North America

which guard the safety of the world's the island as a fishing and whaling stabound to Honolulu passes Makapuu waterborne commerce. tion. It is now electrified and fitted with Lighthouse. Although the tower is only

Modern lighthouses date from the a compressedair-operated fog signal. fortysix feet high, the light is four

building of the Eddystone lighthouse During violent storms, furious waves hundred and twenty feet above the sea.

fourteen miles from Plymouth by John hurl themselves with fury against TillaThe effectiveness of this lighthouse has

M. Smeaton, 175559, who built a mook Rock, where stands Tillamook been greatly increased in the last few

circular tower, with the stones doveRock Lighthouse, which is one mile offyears, because there has been a radio tailed. In 1877 work was begun on a shore, at Tillamook Head. It is one of beacon established at the station. And

new Eddystone lighthouse to replace the most exposed stations of the Pacific its radio signals may be heard two hunSmeaton's, which was not high enough Coast. Although the lantern is 133 feet dred and more miles at sea.

to keep the waves from washing over above the level of the sea, the protective One of the most costly lighthouses the lantern. It was made 132 feet high glass has on several occasions been shatever constructed is St. George Reef

from high water level to the focal plane tered to bits by stones hurled by giant Lighthouse, offshore, six miles off Point of the lantern; and was made of interwaves. While they were building the St. George near Crescent City. It cost

locked stones further held together by station, a lighthouse engineer lost his $702,000 and it took ten years before bronze bolts. It was completed in 1882. life during an attempted landing on the work on it was completed. This light-

"White man want to build house to rock. In 1938 while extensive repairs house was built on a small rock only

put light in it. We no want white man were being made to the lighthouse folthree hundred feet in diameter. The

here,"the Indians said, when we wanted lowing a disastrous storm, a keeper and light was first displayed in 1892. The

to build Cape Flattery Lighthouse off- a workman were taken seriously ill as base of the tower is a solid block of shore on Tatoosh Island. In order to a result of exposure. A lighthouse tenconcrete and granite and the tower

keep the Indians in their place, we had der attempted to remove them from the above is also built of granite blocks.

632 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The stone was quarried from granite gives it an elevation of 196 feet above 1913. This light was the first landfall

boulders found on Mad River near the sea. It was built in 1871. The locamade in the first flight by aeroplane from

Humboldt Bay. Probably the most tion where this lighthouse stands is one the Pacific Coast of the United States

violent storm experienced at this lightof the most picturesque on the Califorto the Hawaiian Islands, in 1927, it house was that of 1923. Huge seas nia coast. Despite the great height of being picked up from the air at a disfrom a northwesterly direction broke the tower above the sea, heavy seas tance of ninety miles.

on the platform of the tower, seventy have been known to reach it. Cape Spencer Lighthouse, Alaska, is

feet above water. It broke with such Kilauka Point Lighthouse on the one of the most isolated of Alaskan

violence that it tore the donkey engine northernmost point of Kauai Island is lighthouses, where the keepers must go house from its foundation. an important landfall light, providing a twenty miles for their mail, and the

White Shoal, a dangerous spot in landing mark for ships bound for the nearest town of any size is one hundred

Lake Michigan, at the entrance to the Orient from Honolulu. It was built in fifty miles away.

Straits for of marked Mackinac was -*- little in of the people town The lighteighteen years vessel an- a by Isle forever will of Wight, Bambridge, it. ice, ofchored the over account On fifsing praises the Langton, of Ethel DAY SOME

this stavessel the could not kept on be of teenyear-old daughter the keeper Eberling Moore By Georgiation during part the naviof of a season St. Helen's the of Fort lighthouse on

fall. in earlygation the late spring and hill the across walks TV utumn three the near days town. For and

Shoal Lighthouse comThe White still, was lush sees the valley and ** And nights, storm, a raging her while during... at inpleted cost of 1910 in vivid greens a $225,000. garden glows The prevented parents embarkfrom were

It's the to for beans. is time light can feet the lake 1 25 me and aboveThe for ing lighthouse the of because heavy

is flashing white, eight seconds, every great task seas, heats watch. stood Ethel steams the Her while water and And

is ofand candlepower. 360,000 beets. the scrub the I'll clean corn and that the operto mechanism was wind

The lighthouse at Saint Augustine, The world is tranquil, bright and fair, ates the light. She had to do this every

Florida, can be seen for many miles at My pantry shelves are wide and bare. four hours during her seventytwo hour

of its unusualsea because stripes, which vigil. tiptoes at in night October distinctly. it stand outmake

full light, as the golden moon's As crystalline, shines, pale The morning at is the lighthouse Key West A purple grapes are on And the vine. HThere* light havekeepers.been Ona numberJuly 2, of1906,womenthe* tip of the southern guardian of

reddens here and light Chokecherry Island of keeper Angel there, woman It lightFlorida. the is said only to be

is the pear, is ripe as peach The in the Light Francisco struck San Bay limits operating within of the anyhouse for Shelley, time or Keats I have no bell hours for twenty hand and bycity in States. the United jelly. for has time making come The thirtyfive until minutes, fog the was the that things all people of One

want to see, when they visit the new The woodbine, sumacs, and the oaks lifted, when the fog signal was disabled.

scarlet cloaks, their close lovely following, 4 on the Draw July mawhen And State Hatteras of North ParkCape to dawn, dark from glows autumn The chinery further broken, she stood wasCarolina, Lighthouse. Hatteras is Cape glasses and gape yawn! My jelly all night the outside platform and on coast. tallestIt is the on the American

This coast is dangerous for navigators The nights shine like newminted nickels struck the bell with a nail hammer with on account of shoals and frequent gales And it is time for making pickles, all her might.

sweet, sour and them and dill.. We like vessels are apt storms. Coastingand seventyyear-old keeper The of Key jars to fill. the are empty of Thereto pass because this cape in toward Light, at had been West Florida, who

the Gulf Stream, which is only about When autumn's blended colors gild his job for thirtyfive years, became so twenty miles east. The world, my little house is filled alarmed by a certain storm and the proodors, spicy tangysweet, With Halifax, near ramparts rocky On the blasts whistle that longed of a ship had

cellar's full of things Scotia, the stands YarMy famousNova fort the near to eat. been West, wrecked at Key

mouth Lighthouse, whose beacon warns The canning's done, but fall is past, insisted the wreck had happened bethe mariners of this treacherous coast. Now winter roars with icy blast... cause the front range light was out, alSea captains know when they round Oh, some day when I'm old and gray though it had just been examined by his

South Stack Lighthouse on Holyhead, With fall I will have a trystingday! son. He got a lantern, and although

on the Welsh Island of Anglesey, that his son tried to detain him, he went out they are within fifty miles of the port into the storm to make sure the light was of Liverpool. all right, and died soon after.

Several gales break wildly over the rocks as a severe gale rages near the The "light must never fail"is strong

Mount Desert Rock Lighthouse off the in the minds of all lighthouse keepers.

coast of Maine. It is the most exposed In 1933 the keepers of the Passage

light station on the Atlantic Coast. After Island Lighthouse, on the northern part

the storm, one can see that a rock of of Lake Superior, were commended for seventyfive tons has been moved sixty their heroic efforts in operating their feet. From a sturdy tower, fiftyeight fog signal four days and three nights

feet high the light is flashed. Hundreds during a violent gale, with the temperaof gulls come flying through the air and ture several degrees below zero. During

light on the rocks near the lighthouse. this time the three men had little rest

Here they set up housekeeping and lay and food. Most of this time they had to

their eggs. carry water from the pump house to

It was on Mile Rocks, onehalf mile the fogsignal building, across an open off Landsend in the Golden Gate, that stretch of rocky yard fully exposed to the Rio Janeiro was wrecked shortly the driving storm. The news of their

before the building of the Mile Rocks difficulty first became known in a rather

Lighthouse in 1906. The rock upon unique way. The radio broadcast which

which the lighthouse is built measured the keeper sent out was picked up by an only forty by thirty feet in high water. amateur operator in Mackinac City

Trinidad Head Lighthouse on headnearly 250 miles away. He rebroadland, near the town of Trinidad is a cast it. It was picked up by an amateur

unique lighthouse because it is a low, operator in Indianapolis, nearly five square brick tower, painted white; and hundred miles from Mackinac City,

while it is only twenty feet above the who immediately sent a telegram to the ground, the headland on which it stands—Photograph by Watson of Monkmeyer Press district office in Detroit.

OCTOBER 1946 633;.#?*...0> A.3R?>.::} '?..,-:?

iryprr* 1wo flfijjjIjT

SALT LAKE WITH THE WEST"OF THE "CROSSROADS FROM THE HEARD netradio over a nationwide and Organ Choir Tabernacle work THROUGH KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SYSTEM EVERY a.m. 9:30 Time, Saving Daylight Eastern a.m. 11:30 Sunday at By RICHARD L EVANS Pacific Time. 7:30 a.m. Time, and a.m. Mountain 8:30 Time, Central

people lA/hat Id -Jruth fOn yetting Ationf With -k is which to answer the question ageold is an is 'T'here getting this world in things important the most of "* all times: at "What all of us to important earnestly queswith. live The to have people the we with along(\ne relative it a as define would those are who There truth?"to do able being our around revolves itself peace oftion thought is commonly that what say would who possible, and is seldom alone literally isterm—those this. Livingjust particular of any authorities constituted the true by to be others with association in daily living but desirable,seldom say, is to place. That or time that for is true place or time along get to learning or them with fighting eithermeans for is true true today to be believed is generally getting what of ways apparent are many There them.with was that what is also to say this to say But this day. some and acceptable are of which people—some withalong In other yesterday. true yesterday was true to be believed also but apparent readily the most of not. are Oneof which place in market the pulpit or the in stands if a man words, difall eliminate to forcibly is fallacious the most ofone generahis and he proclaims what and classroom in the or alike. Another act and think everyone makeferences—to is that he is it said some truth, by the to be believe tion views our own give up to completely isfallacious way until plausible we very sounds This truth. the speaking do. to us else wants everyone that everything to try doand that generation a cases. There was specific it to reduce not could course. They of untenable, are extremesSuch flat. They the world that was proclaimed and believed they could, if they even and, place, first the in donebe they were thought they belief, this and in sincere were exLess people. with along getting to solutionoffer no flat, and world the didn't make that truth—but proclaiming getting that assumption is the fallacious, still buttreme, flat. is not and not the is world was that and truth was the of our compromise the means necessarily others withalong people of what examples multiplying on could go so we And Compromising principles. ideals and and standardsown the to to come suddenly believed, not have and believed selfhave is It merely people. with along getting isn'tstandards happen time given at a what matter men that no realization is It appeaseprice. at any peace is It buyingbetrayal. it true. belief doesn't make their true, it isn't if believe, to and standards principles and where appeasementment, and authority, arbitrary unmade or by be made cannot Truth beginning is the but concerned are right moral andtruth

vx c>* gi*sxw** ui any mau uuucuci or oenei tne nor oy still remains: question How the so troubles. Andof more shall truth the truth, and the shall know ye men. of "And alike, have think who don't people who with along getto 1 couldn't error make or an falsehood free."a But you practical is make It interests? different and standardsdifferent of chains with it shackle him would Indeed, free. a man countby demonstrated is daily so, as to possible doand that conclusion the to come must so ignorance. we And the in world, the in same live who andless women men determinable a variable but unpredictable is an not truth differof others with homes the in same even and town,same truth constitutes of conception what Popular constant. convictions, and different of interests, different likes, ofent ".. of. is knowledge truth for truth, not can printheir compromising without change—but together along get dowho to are they as and were, as they are, and they as things prinof our any compromise do the we momentciples. But 2 is it or found who where matter it doesn't all come."And compromise to forced being of in danger standciples, we unithe whole of property it it, is the common discovers line of the across step moment the for we principles; ourof ignorance increase; it our of may knowledge verse. Our After stop. to which at borderline other is there noprinciple, unwillor willingness our profound; it be concerning may of matter a merely are all others compromise, firstthe

is fundamentally it what accept may to ingness even friends, and vary—but peace among so, keepingdegree. And never is eternal, and true. Truth be will always it, true today for calls occasion whenever involves, strangers,among intelliis glory that whose called God upon by shall be stickin we for why, and stand what it we be known lettingin fragment any discard is order, first to law whose gence and respecting and convictions, and ideals and to squarelying it call men may whatever or religious or scientific truth, of the short, In privilege. way like in a all othersdefending discard to called upon to be expect assuredly we may be, to ought is what to we people know—but with along get to

opinions. theories and of our a many qood to demand respect and give to be, to ought whatto we be 1946. 18,—August or comappeasement, bluffing, to resort notrespect, and Always the This book Day—and from *Revised

principle. of point ijohn 8:32 any onpromisev 93:24 11. 1946. 2D. &—August C

634 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA &S99!taKn!$*&99$ -

,,<*:g*35r,..>;w;ww.-35&&..,rfR*?fe.:.;:<7SS!S.,,,<588i. a& N

gs?<

ll!:

fe:?

, <,**>*e(B -.-"- '.(. '. --** -"w, -v

take care of themselves, and as to the needlessness for any /Ae vDand l/l/a on anxiety concerning them, as they venture forth in a world f that has many ways, both good and bad. But with parents

HThere is a widespread philosophy which perhaps has and others who have lived longer, a certain feeling of panic always been more or less prevalent, but which someis more than understandable, because of what they have times seems to reach epidemic contagion. For want of a seen of the hazards of the road and of the wreckage, in

better term we identify it by the vernacular phrase by which terms of human happiness, that can and does follow errors of bad it is commonly known: getting on the band wagon—riding of judgment, foolish decisions, and the keeping

the popular thing regardless of the principles or the concompany. Using discrimination in the company we keep,

sequences involved; glibly giving allegiance to him who in the attachments we form, and in the atmosphere we

at home important when is exceedingly we are frequent else holds them; someone purse the holds strings—until

is company Strange from home. so away more as to and thought much is popular without joining too much what

what is right; jumping on and getting what we can out of always to be looked upon with a certain degree of reservait. In yielding to this socalled bandwagon philosophy it tion until the quality of it is known. And a good rule

would sometimes seem that we don't care much where the always to follow is, "When in doubt, stay where you know wagon is going so long as we are with the crowd and so you are safe."Because the crowd is going somewhere, it

long as the ride lasts. This, no doubt, to some degree has doesn't always follow that it is a good place to go. Because

always been so. It is historically recorded that the world there are other ducks on the pond doesn't mean that the

has seen many scrambles to get on the band wagon, whatpond is a safe place for ducks to be. They may be decoys

ever they may have called it. It would seem to be an ancient or they may just be stupid and foolish birds that are asking

pastime, with perhaps some modern embellishments. It for trouble and going to get it. Every hunter knows what

would be interesting to know how many people the world can happen to a duck when he yields to the temptation of over have switched allegiance or changed avowed loyalties lighting on water by a decoy—in other words, when he

at one time or another because of what they thought there joins a crowd without knowing the character or the purpose was in it for them personally, rather than because of any of the crowd he is joining. And in human affairs, even

principle involved. This, of course, would be difficult to though it may seem to be oldfashioned to say so, the devil

determine, because where a man's immediate personal has his territory, and it is never safe territory for anyone advantage is concerned he sometimes finds difficulty in disfor any purpose. A satisfied curiosity is not worth the risk

tinguishing between principle and profit, between convicof getting mixed up with unsavory things. Mud can look

tion and convenience. Even the Savior of mankind had the very smooth on the surface and still be very treacherous

disappointing experience of having the multitudes follow and dirty. And so to those leaving home, whether it be for

when he fed them loaves and fishes, and desert him when the first time, or whether they look upon themselves as his enemies accused him. The parades of popular preferseasoned travelers, these precautions still remain and still

ence move here and there, where the road looks easiest, are important, as they will be throughout all of life: Be

or where the crowds seem to be the largest or the loudest. wary of venturing into unknown situations with strange

But with too many riding, the overloaded band wagon inpeople. Stay where you know you are safe, and live as

evitably breaks down, sometimes in the most unexpected you know you should live, and don't be led into joining a ways and at the most unexpected times, and then soberly questionable crowd or into crossing the border into territory we have to face reality, and get off and walk back, perhaps out of which no happiness ever comes.

a long way. The free rides, socalled, are very tempting,—August 25, 1946.

but inevitably they are paid for by someone—and experience has proved that ultimately those who pay include Copyright, 1946.

those who think they are riding free.—August 4, 1946.

\Jn czLeavtnq Mcwme t "pACH year many of our youth leave home, some to attend school, and some for other purposes; many, of course, for the first time

And it is not uncommon to hear these youth of ours, in their confidence, reassure their parents and those whom they leave behind, as to their ability to

OCTOBER 1946 635

YOUR

loneeir rfovimaI are perhaps several reaBy SARA O. MOSSThere sons why descendants of Pioneers are not aware of the

importance of keeping records and who know, the questions you would avoid the serious business of getting like answered and write down the on paper little else except a few answers. Describe his first home.

dates and names that make up a Was it a dugout or a log cabin? Of

family tree. Written words are what did the furnishings consist?

frightening, and they have a way of Why was this certain location standing out like sentinels, blocking chosen? Many more questions will

the way. To the inexperienced creep into your mind which can be

writer, vital statistics seem to be the answered with a little thought. Now

only thing important enough to be you have a fair idea as to the home given space. Incidents, descriptions, and the person concerned. Next,

and colorings of everyday living are you might consider the other memdisregarded and receive little or no bers of the family, their associates, consideration in the average pioneer their neighbors, their friends, and journal. the possessions of each, if it is posFrom bits of everyday living, sible to learn about them. Food,

however, has come great literature. clothing, the mode of living, would

Canterbury Tales by Chaucer is but help to make your history interthe recordings of the people who esting.—Illustration by Fielding K. Smith

this time, writer a good would By to the sacred pilgrimages themade young son to return the house from vital of informapages many his great story have shrines, with and of a neighbor than more who lived tion. Overwriting a good would be wrote and lovedmind, Chaucer

mile a a away. she could see When fault. incidents collect all the Next, him. interested people theabout who

floating object brown the sageabove story that can. mind good you result the the was A With WindGone brush, she reher knew boy was will possibilat see marvelous once bits intertwined collection of aof turning the with in the only washtub ities for novels. great adventure The great romance, plot of a thewith

it carried his community; he on color, local phrases, description, more of the people South theconcerning head. schoolteacher her young on A that individuality mannerisms, and traditions, habits, customs,—their to the schoolhouse, tworoom way ancestor, the to give more your you of Civil one making theand War, a stood on point vantage the on wagwill have. history sparkle your written. ever novels popularthe most

trail is on Thirtythird which now faith feel incidents that of the is Many based the of history West The South and Twentythird East only the are prayer ones worthy its and with spiritual strength aon in Streets, Salt City. Lake The the unfavorable of mention, but even is It beginning. colorfulunique and spring the sending thaw was water place, for too, only a should have by the of editors, peoplesaid and by in torrents. to cross, down Unable clear truth the get writing a do is we that world, nowherepublishing

to decided she had turn back a when of the whole. writers, rich for so picture so spotthere a strong picked and man her up following incidents might big The so veryfertile mind, story the for

different in story material, as our serve as examples of the jottings carried her across the stream, and pioneer background. These statewhich would appear in a journal. she proceeded on her way.

ments, coming from men who know One pioneer, who devoted her time ()ne of the most precious qualities what it takes to make a good story, to the service of nursing the sick, in pioneer life is humor. It is

should be an incentive for any defound that the heavy snow had priceless because it is the hardest to scendant to gather into journals all covered the trail down the hill, one find. This is one reason why The

that he can learn about his own cold, winter day. Because it was too Reader's Digest pays an enormous

people. deep to walk through, the woman price for even a few lines of laughsat down, settled her baby into her terprovoking material. Pioneer life

lap, her skirts around and wrapping droll, must full of sparkhave been slid to the the baby, bottomH<Fowseemsto writeto beand thewhatchallengingto write, of the ling humor. Laughter fun and were

question. One solution is to begin hill and proceeded on her mission. part of the routine of daily living.

with your first ancestor as you know Here we find the resourceful pioneer Find these priceless bits, and get him in his pioneer background. woman, the valiant, helpful spirit them into your journal. CommerCreate in your mind the picture, by that brought our people through uncially, they are worth money; historvisiting, if possible, the place where told hardships. On the east bench ically, they are priceless.

—hehe lived.couldHisbeagegrownmightor beheanything,could be ofanxiouslyBountiful,scanningUtah, thea motherdistancestoodof lifeAccountsare in theofmajority.tragediesAndin pioneergenerbut a child. Ask yourself, and others tall sagebrush watching for her ( Concluded on page 659

636 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. CITIES TO SHINE THE SONG SONNET OF SEPTEMBER

By Edna S. Dustin By Grace Zenor Pratt By Alice Eddy LeCornu

Theodore Cumulus peeked out his black [ have heard the song in the silence of September is the loveliest month I know, head * starry nights, So warmly rich with sweet maturity,

From his mammy's yellowstar quilted bed; In the sweet spring winds and the scented So gay with apples shining on the tree,

He stretched his legs down over to the floor, flowers; With corn shocks standing in a cheerful

Ambled to his window, saw down at his I have heard its muted and distant beat row.

door In the darkness of lonely hours. This wealth of hopes fulfilled that harvests

show city blinking, tired, old dusty,A its the again heard have song and rhythm is all key, of Nature's autumn moods To to sparkling and I be shinedWaiting up again and fields hills as well as be can and For woods pretty.

In the the and stormy and gray winds fruitful sere, ripe with and Fullblown and sea; misty glow. his fingers his thick throughHe raked distant In a air, the fresh sparkling, so blue the sky soil—and a white gull's flight So hair, kinkled

lilting a melody. fills evening indigo to Deepening whenElectric the air; In sparks zigzagged through

fires vie sunset arc Its western with which foot in on his trousers, clapped aHe pulled kissing the I heard song summer was when hills. burning ruddy on the autumn With shoe, each the rose goodbye,

I fall, will winter remember shadows When vibrating noise and resounding throughThe leaving splendor sunset died in a When exultation of September. golden This the blue. the dim, valley

Then reached for his buffer, his bucket and And the farflung hills in the purple dusk broom, Were as sweet as a vesper hymn.

His feet marking tempo as he shuffled from the song in the room. I heard autumn when the sweet IN THE WAYNE WONDERLAND gentians blue glow,

He shined up the lampposts and polished up—-A song of golden glory and a scarlet By Barbara Chadwick

on frown a hill street the wanes, glory and the gentians fade, A young writer meter of his pattering feet. But the rhythmicTo the

He toetapped on housetops as he washed And the music is all but still. T stood alone,

tree each up * creatures strange Surrounded I by the the heard geese song wild have whenSliding the in his drainpipe roguish down tone. and every shape call Of

glee. lake, the skies cold lonely graying, a Over the city his I, as he tappedHe rebuffed tiny speck was A I've of a sadder never song known last And refrain, the bodies Against huge fly wild geese away. when Than

the scooted gutterThen and eased die. down that never men Of

through the drain.

Theodore Cumulus left the city like new, I stood alone,

Glistening reflections like a patent leather Amid the godly temples shoe. That rise from worlds unknown,

Carved by everdriving wind, By pounding sleet THE PASSING OF WINGS And rain, undisciplined.

By Margaret Connelly IIn stooda hued,alone,majestic world

TAR down invisible airways Of dead but living stone.

*- And leading into the sun, The procession of geese in flight

Denotes fall days begun!

LATE AUTUMN CORNFIELDThe brackenrust on the dead weeds

And the reds on every hill By E. V. Griffith

Fill my heart with a strange obsession

As it drinks its utmost fill.,[* ike faded tepees on the sagging sky

*-* The shocks of corn, against the paling

The wild moor and the green ferns light

And little forgotten springs Strive vainly to ward off encroaching night,

Vibrate to the V-shaped shadows Where Autumn, weak and old, afraid'to die,

Cast from the passing of wings. Stares into winddrenched heavens overhead

softly, smitten cold whimpers by the And—Photograph by H. Armstrong Robert* like sticks goldenrods, Dying, where

OLD FRIEND gold, of Peer up through pumpkin vines already

By Elaine V. Emans dead.

T need not see you, and I need not hear SEASONAL And while the cold obsesses everything, * From you with regularity to feel By Josephine Leckenby Through a fantastic world of sudden frost,

The ties which hold us. Often you are near Seeking some haven for the helpless lost,

When I hear music we have loved; you HPhe pennies of the copper beech Small creatures scurry, frightened, shivering,

steal * Are pressed against the sky; And pause to hear the autumn mourn

Into the room with poetry, you walk The maples'leaves turn inside out morosely

With me among the trees. Though you Like small green skirts blown high. And wheeze and die: They stand, these

be far, forest creatures, Sometimes in my imagining we talk, And little pilgrim summer dreams With breathless wonder on their spellAnd always, in the company of star Trail off across the hill, bound features

Or bird or flower, there is for you and me In tattered robes of green and gold, That they might watch a season die so

A strange and wordless camaraderie. Their voices hushed and still. closely.

OCTOBER 1946 637 QwrefiJ/Wes On Sunday Schools Latterday Saint servicemen in Europe, East German Mission

President George Albert Smith was and set apart for this position by Elder T17alter Stover has been appointed of the Council of the Taft Benson principal the speaker Sunday, AuEzra First the as presiPresidency by of president the European and Twelve Firstgust at services 25, held at West the dent of East Mission, with German Mission. streets, Salt Southand Third Lake at headquarters

City, Ballantyne where Richard founded School the Sunday movement Central States Mission ChurchBerlin. TheDirectorylatest

of the Church on December 9, 1849. P\r. Francis W. Brown, Salt Lake shows that RichThe occasion was the one hundred physician and surgeon, was apard Ranglack is

twentyninth anniversary of Elder pointed by the First Presidency late in acting as president

Ballantyne's birth. The meeting was August, as president of the Central of that mission.

under the direction of the Salt Lake President Stover

Stake Sunday School board. An apis a native of Gerpropriate monument, designed by many. He moved

Avard Fairbanks, now marks the spot to Salt Lake City first called Elder Ballantynewhere in 1926. He served

thirty students together held a and Sunas of WALTER STOVER a member day School. the Wilford Ward

Church Music Coordinator bishopric for seven years. At the time

"IITilliam LeGrand Maxwell has of his appointment he was a member been appointed as a music coof the East Mill Creek Stake high ordinator for the Church by the Church priests quorum presidency.

general music committee. With his apMrs. Stover will accompany him to

pointment comes enlarged activity on THOMAS C. ROMNEY FRANCIS W. BROWN the field of labor as soon as passport

the part of the music committee arrangements can be made.

throughout the Church. Elder Maxwell States Mission with headquarters at Inwill assist in many of the centennial dependence, Missouri. He succeeds Primary European Relief

celebrations planned for 1947. President Thomas C. Romney.

the first packages gathered by the. President Brown, a native of KanarAs

"Church of the Air". raville, Iron County, Utah, filled a Primary Association in plans anTlder Matthew Cowley, of the mission in England from 1909 to 1911. nounced at their June conference were

in children Europe, mailed to Primary deliver of the the Twelve, will Council secretary of as stake He served of all the children in the condition warthe Broadcastin the onan address Columbia Association Improvement Mutual continental of nations Europe ravaged is on St. of the Air"ing System's Arizona, "Church Stake, a and Johns,

still critical. as was announced

6, at 8:30 in Sunday, theconference October president of seventy both former

a.m. Mountain Standard Time. ListenSt. Johns and the Maricopa stakes;

ers in the KSL area will have an opand served four years as a bishop's Primary Hospital portunity of hearing a rebroadcast of counselor in Arizona. He has also been 'T'he Primary Children's Hospital will

the program, which will feature the a member of the high council of the share equally with the Shriners'music of the Salt Lake Tabernacle choir Maricopa and the Salt Lake City LiberHospital for Crippled Children, a fund and organ, during the regular Sunday ty Stake, and has served for ten years of $29,690.72, which was originally

evening Church program, at 9:00 p.m. as a guide on Temple Square. raised in Utah shows in June 1944, by

The subject of Elder Cowley's address Mrs. Brown will be in charge of Bing Crosby and Bob Hope, radio and

will be, "Seek Ye First the Kingdom of women's activities in the mission. film stars, and intended to build a golf

God."course at Bushnell General Hospital,

Tabernacle Radio Program Welfare Storage Bins Brigham City. The army has recently

Beginning September 29, with the reTJriesthood members of the Davis, closed this hospital.

turn to standard time in certain parts North Davis, and South Davis The money will be used in helping to of the country, the Salt Lake Taberstakes recently completed the bolting build a new Primary Children's Hosnacle choir and organ C.B.S. program together of steel bins at the Churchpital near the L. D. S. Hospital. The

will be heard one hour later if your owned flour mill at Kaysville, Utah, building was planned before the war.

community has not been on daylight which have a capacity of approximately One thousand silver dollars presented savings time. The time will be 11:30 eight thousand bushels of wheat. to the late President Heber J. Grant at

Sunday morning Eastern Standard The Church has recently also ac- a civic dinner in November 1938 will

Time, 10:30 CST, 9:30 MST, and 8:30 quired a grain elevator at Thornton, also go to help pay for the building of

has a capacity of 6500 Idaho, whichPST.

elevators bushels. and the new hospital. Before he died, PresChurch-owned

Coordinator their capacities in addition to the ident Grant "sold"some of these dol- "Crancis W. Gasser, a Salt Laker, Thornton property are: Sharp, Utah, lars for sums ranging up to several

now an economic analyst for the 10,000 bushels; Kaysville, Utah, 70,000 hundred dollars each, and this money

United States government in Germany, bushels; and Salt Lake City, 314,000 has been turned over to the hospital

has been appointed as a coordinator for bushels. fund.

638 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Emmett Second Ward has been crethe branch by Wilbur Compton, a nonTHE i] ated in the Weiser Stake with Leslie "Mormon"friend of William E.

John Scott as bishop. Schwartz, the branch president. In late

Golden West Ward, Pasadena August the Indianapolis Times publoor of rf/oaem 5met

Stake, California, has been created lished a threecolumn picture of part from part of the Rosemead Ward, with of the group at work canning beans, and

Jean Wunderlich as bishop. told the story of the summer's work.

Temple Square Primary Secretary

As the summer tourist season hit its A ppointment of Vera Ann Babcock peak on Temple Square, President Merkley of the Salt Lake City By ALBERT L ZOBELL, JR.

David A. Smith of the Temple Square Bonneville Stake as general secretary

Mission, announced a late afternoon of the Primary Association has been

Tabernacle organ recital at fourthirty announced. She succeeds Fern Dansie late summer, 1846, an Illinois mob

Saints, thefor the benefit of tourists, which is to who has married. Mrs. Merkley has Inforced the remaining

continue for the duration of the season. been active in the Primary work in poorest members of the Church in

This new daily recital, just in its experiMagrath, Canada, and has served as worldly goods, from their Nauvoo mental stage, is in addition to the daily a member of the Lethbridge, Canada, homes. These people dragged themnoontime organ recital. Stake Primary board, and has been a selves across the Mississippi to wait the

member of the M.I. A. boards of the help that they knew would come from

Welfare Canning Lethbridge and the Bonneville stakes. the Saints already encamped in various

IWTembers of the Indianapolis South parts of Iowa.

Branch of the Northern States Salt Lake Tabernacle The poor, who were ejected from

Mission have been participating in a Olans are now being formulated for their homes, without time to make prepwelfare garden and canning project this the air conditioning of the Salt Lake arations for any kind of journey, besummer. By the end of the 1946 canning Tabernacle. If material can be made came an easy prey for the fever, ague,

season, it is expected that some five available, the project will be completed and all kinds of disease that was ramthousand cans will be filled against the so that the building may be air condipant in the land. Then with their food

winter and a time of want. The number tioned by the summer of 1947, when it gone, and so many sick among them

of these cans will be tithed for the poor, is planned to use the historic building that all seemed lost, the Lord sent huge and the remaining cans will be distribfor centennial concerts. It will be one flocks of quail to them, even as he had

uted among the fortyone cooperating of the largest nonindustrial installations done to ancient Israel.

families, according to the size of each in the country, requiring an air flow of The birds lit everywhere—in their

family. The ground upon which the garfrom 200,000 to 300,000 cubic feet a wagons, on their empty tables, on their

den was planted last spring was lent to minute. makeshift beds. Everyone, including

-*S*- the sick, caught quail, and the ninth of

October became a feast day, but not until their God had been remembered in appropriate and heartfelt prayers of thanksgiving.

This was no figment—it was attested

to by a group of Gentiles who were in the camp on business, and it was fully reported by the passengers of a river steamer which passed within six rods of the camp.

The occurrence started in the morning, and in the afternoon the trustees from Nauvoo visited and distributed some clothing, shoes, molasses, salt, and salt pork, after which the camp started for the west. Some of the quail even

followed the camp as it started to move;

Reporting the incident the following

January to Elders John Taylor, Parley

P. Pratt, and Orson Hyde, then on a

WESTERN CANADIAN MISSION ACTIVITIES mission in England, the high council of

One of the activities of the Western Canadian Mission has been a temple excursion to the Cardston the Camps of Israel said:

Temple, in which the group pictured completed nearly two hundred fifty endowments.

right: Front row, S. left to Thurlan Clell Anderson, Eldon Hogenson, Garth

Tucker, Lloyd Ross D.Kenneth Woodruff, R. Mrs. Kenneth Tucker; June Joan Dawe, L. Lamb,Wright,MaryDonnaBailey.Wright, Tell ye this to the nations of the earth.

Bailey. Tell it to the kings and nobles and the

Lorena Edith Second row: Brown, Leila Nyman, Smith, Frankie Durrant, Helen Adell Edna Bowman,

T. Spencer, Joseph,Arthur John Lora Williams, Norman, Arva Bernice Chard, Shaw. great ones! Tell ye this to those who beHelen Robinson, Mary

Third row: Teddy B. Parker, Jacob Dennis Smith, Bud H. Hinckley, Lloyd H. Ashcroft, Rex V. Milligan, lieve in that God who fed the children of

Clarence L. Fields, Owen Skidmore Merrill, Dale B. Pearson, Geneva Burnside, Betty Christofferson. Israel in the wilderness in the days of

row: Fourth Thorpe, Verda Joyce Lillian Renee Thomas, Burgi, Lacy Leone Elizabeth Farnsworth, D. that McMoses, they there may know is a GodAllister, Shelton, Lorna President Pearl Edward Card, J. Wood, C. President Louie Joseph

in the last days, that his and Janis R. Richardson, as people Allen, are Fannie Lawrence, FayeMaria Broderick, Jott Marjorie White, Mary Y.Mangum.Card,

Fifth row, sitting: Alexander L. Burnside, Clarence Richardson, Grant Peck Packer, Edward Junior dear to him now as they were in those days,

Beckstead. that and he will feed the hous them when

Back row: President S. Dilworth Young and his wife, Gladys P. Young, who were touring the mission of the oppressor is unbearable, and he is time.at that

Other activities reported by the Western Canadian Mission are the baptizing of seven converts at one acknowledged God of the whole earth and in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan;time the opening of missionary up the Indians of Saskatchewan; work among

visit of Mission President Joseph Y. Card elders to and the aand two country, several Peace River hundred every knee bows and every tongue corU

miles north of Edmonton, which has been recently opened up for settlement by returning Canadian servicemen. fesses that Jesus is the Christ.

OCTOBER 1946 639 should find that we can become more worth while to ourselves and to our associates. Time has such Editorials a way of slipping by all of us that we must not

think in terms of hours, but rather in the question of minutes. And we shall probably be surprised to

learn that the chief difference between recognition

Lonference r/otice and nonentity lies frequently in the use that people time of the make they have—again, measured in

minutes. of irpHE one hundred seventeenth semiannual the matter

conference of the Church of Jesus Christ Patrick Henry studied as he served people at of Latterday Saints, to which all Church the inn where he earned his living. Abraham Linmembers are invited, will convene in the tabcoln observed people and learned about their

ernacle, Salt Lake City, Utah, Friday, Saturcharacteristics as he waited on them across the day and Sunday, October 4, 5, and 6, 1946, grocery store counter. Thomas A. Edison set up

with general sessions each day at 10 a.m. and his equipment in the box car where he was em-

2 p.m. ployed. Each person who has attained any stature

The general priesthood meeting will be at all has done so as a result of his wise and conheld in the tabernacle on Saturday, October sistent use of time.

5, at 7 p.m. In the matter of human relationships also the

We suggest that fast meetings be held on value of the minute is incalculable. The friendly the last Sunday in September—September handclasp, the pleasant greeting, require little time, 29—except in those stakes in which quarterly yet their effect can hardly be estimated when it

conferences are held on that date. In those comes to the lift to the spirit of those so greeted.

stakes, we ask that fast meetings be held on In these days of pressure, we sometimes fail to the Sunday following the general confermaintain our friendships as we should all like to ence, or October 13. maintain them. But we still can in a minute's time

let them know that we think of them—a friendly note, a telephone call—-will serve to keep the fires

of friendship burning, and require little time in the measured span of our lives.

If we would know how much time we have available to use, let us watch the minutes as we sit idly by—without contemplating anything more

ponderable than ourselves or the weather. Each

of us needs sometime for sincere evaluation and "taking a walk around"himself, but too frequentof inconsethink ly a minute, we when we have AUwieCC,'/7U/67The First Presidency illuminatlecturer things. the quential made One

ing statement about a certain person that he was "trapped in trivia."That is worth pondering—in

order to avoid a like statement's being made about

Jke flower of the ffllnute us.

In every twentyfour hours of the day, there

Tn these days of rapid movement and intense living, are at least two full hours—not during one lump all of us need to keep aware of the road ahead, period, but scattered in minutes—when we could

alerting our wits and our spirits to something bedo something or.think something or plan somelift us beyond our ordinary selves yond and above the world in which we live. We thing that would

need to think more constantly and more clearly to do a better job and live a more complete life than about the purpose of life and the reason for our we now live.

being here. If we can keep this thought uppermost Let us each resolve to use time, not abuse it, and

in our minds, we shall not easily be led astray or make it our servant rather than let it become our wander into bypaths, which, however alluring they master.—M. C. /.

may appear to be, are, after all, merely bypaths and can lead iis nowhere.

When we are very young, we think that life stretches interminably ahead of us. As we reach

maturity, we know for a truth that life is too short to accomplish all that we would wish to do. If we

could learn the value of the minute—both in reorienting ourselves into a true perspective of our

reason for life and for our wise use of time—our

lives would take on intenser qualities, and we

640 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA others of like nature, were not discussed in antiquity. In view of our historical knowledge, such a Evidences and statement would be indefensible.

E. D. Howe, the publisher and socalled author

3 was so reconciliations of the first book against "Mormonism,"driven to it for proof of Joseph's frauds that he sent the real author of the book, P. Hurlbut of

clx. Mow Lan sroSeph Jmtfh unsavory reputation, to secure blanket affidavits

such as may be obtained on any subject, if the lOa (L-xptainea f proper methods are employed, to the effect that the

Smith family were of a lying disposition. Stories

Joseph Smith is the key figure in the restoration of a most farfetched kind, and unproved, concern- 'of the gospel in these latter days. His claims ing Joseph and his dishonesty suddenly sprang into

are the foundation of the Church which he was existence. Later writers adopted and circulated

instrumental in organizing. Every doctrine, organsuch gossip in their muckraking, profitmaking

ization, movement, and achievement of the Latterbooks and magnified it. The reader who begins

day Saints must be attributed to the latterday at the beginning of anti-"Mormon"literature beProphet. comes nauseated with the display of dishonesty on

Consequently, opponents to the claims of Joseph the part of enemies of "Mormonism."No one

Smith have made him, rather than the Church, the objects to a fair opponent, but every honest man subject of special consideration. A library of study holds an unfair one in contempt. These persecutors,

and conjecture has grown up around his name, in in their despair, when the proof of their case is opposition to his claim that what he gave to the failing, resort to the ludicrous defense that Joseph world came to him by revelation from God. The was so persistent a liar, that at last he came to

net result of these investigations, now covering believe his own lies, and thought that he had had more than a century, is that before the remarkable spiritual experiences. 3

history of the Prophet and the results that followed, The explanation that Joseph Smith was a delibthe authors stand baffled, perplexed, and in diserate deceiver has not satisfied honest students. agreement. When they have tried to explain Joseph The record of Joseph's life is one of honesty. He Smith, the most careful students have been unable taught honesty in all affairs; he insisted that his

to agree in their conclusions. people be honest; the verified events of his life show

Really, only three explanations of Joseph Smith him a man always reaching out for honesty. In the

have been proposed by those who do not believe face of wellknown and documented facts, opin the Prophet's own story. The proponents of ponents have rejected the hypothesis that the

their for battle interpretation each own of the Prophet was only a coarse liar, and have sought life This Prophet's difference of opinion, work. and

for a more plausible explanation. even among ripe scholars, is one of the strongest

evidences for the truth of the Prophet's claim that A second explanation of Joseph Smith has come is not he had heavenly visitations, and received his because his work in its many implications revelations from divine sources. shallow, but profound. In doctrine, principle, and

The first, and for some years the favorite, exorganization, it challenges serious thought. This

planation of Joseph Smith was that he was an has always been a marvel to> candid students of impostor, deceiver, liar; and that his story of visions the restored gospel. This, all such investigators

and revelations was a concoction of an untruthful, agree, could not have come out of the brain of an conscienceless mind. This explanation insists that ignorant youth with a propensity for lying. So,

there were no plates from which the Book of Moropponents of Joseph Smith have concluded that he mon was translated, and that he had no spiritual could not have been the real author of "Mormontraining ism."else of maturity Someone must and of the whole thing hoax was a experiences—the the Prophet as a blind hid behind have used and first to foist say, a so they order. He attempted,

horrible untruth upon mankind. Men have scoured him. Years of fruitless search for this individual

the earth wherever the Prophet lived, to find evihave followed.

dence of fraudulent, dishonest actions. In their defeat, but unwilling to abandon the

Alexander Campbell, 1 the first writer against theory, and leaping over existing facts, the only victim of these searchers has been Sidney Rigdon. "Mormonism,"found in the Book of Mormon This man was an earnest seeker after truth, assodiscussions of every subject on the tongues of

ciated with Alexander Campbell, of the Christian people in Joseph's day. Therefore, said he, the

Church; he had some education above that comProphet had merely assembled the current talk of

monly enjoyed in that day; and was an eloquent the day in the Book of Mormon, and with a lying

mouth had invented the supernatural discovery of speaker. When he read the Book of Mormon, he

became convinced of its truth, accepted the restored "golden plates."This is as much as to say that

questions concerning life, death, immortality, and {Continued on page 670) 2E. D. Howe, Mormonism Unveiled

Alexander Campbell, Delusions, An Analysts of the Book of Mormon SF. M, Brodie, No Man Knows My History, pp. 84, 85

OCTOBER 1946 641 owing

smiled Mrs. Foreman words at my No Apologies

appreciation, to of able and I was

By Lucia Mallory guide the conversation into other

SPINET "\\7e're not used to living in such channels.

a shabby place as this,"said The Foreman apartment was

Mrs. Foreman. "At home we had a small, but comfortable. The little

big house and plenty of nice furgirls would have been happy in their if their mother had not niture. Here we scarcely have room new home

to turn around."constantly apologized for its inad-

"I think you have made this small equacy.

I apartment wonderfully comfortWalking home that evening, able,"I hastened to assure my hostcould not help recalling another time,

I had been invited to ess. It disturbed me to hear her long ago, when

speak so disparagingly of the only share a simple meal, and no apologies home her family was to have for a had been made. A schoolmate,

her broken Henderson, had better Vivian nothing long time—since selfap- the I had become leg, and obtained inNow Showing—could be our crowded

NEW MODELScity. pointed messenger to take books and

NEW AS TOMORROW! Mrs. Foreman's two little girls, lesson assignments to her.

QUALITY OF TRADITIONAL REPUTAwho had been setting the table and One afternoon we chatted so long

TION!... carrying in glasses of water, turned that six o'clock came before I realLester has built nothing but the best in to their mother with anxious eyes. ized it could be so late.

fine pianos! Her words had given them a feeling "Couldn't Lucia stay to supper.

... in a variety of exquisitely grained that something was lacking. Mother?"Vivian asked.

-woods. I had met the Foreman family, "Yes,"Mrs. Henderson replied,

FIT FOR ANY ROOM! newcomers to our town, when the "if her mother is willing."

Order Your mother bad come with her daughters "Do telephone and ask your

Betsy Ross Spinet NOW! to borrow books from the children's mother, Lucia,"Vivian urged.

Convenient Terms Arranged room at the public library where I "Please tell your mother that am the children's librarian. Our acVivian's father will bring you

quaintance had grown into friendhome,"added Mrs. Henderson. DAYNES ship, and I had been happy to accept

stay, I sat and to eat mush down Foreman's invitation to have to CO. Mrs. MUSIC Receiving my mother's permission the apples milk with and baked dinner at their home. SINCE 1888

family. apologies Henderson No eating, ForeMrs. were While we store complete music A in offered, the glow were and warm again. "I apologized wish you City 1 man So. 47 Lake Main St., Salt that friendship simple beof food nice set of see dishes the could we

had to leave stored in the basement came a sumptuous repast.

of our old home,"she said. "It wasn't I did not know until long afterpossible to ship them, so we bought ward that Vivian's broken leg was

makeshift dishes here."only one of a series of misfortunes

"This bright pottery is so cheerful that had overtaken the family that that I'd like to have a set just like year, and their income was so small it,"I answered, hoping that my honthat the barest necessities were all est praise might banish the troubled they could afford. Yet that mother

look that had come back into the did not hesitate to share what they little girls'faces. had with a guest, offering, instead of

Not noticing the children, Mrs. apologies, companionship and courForeman kept right on apologizing. age that were beyond price.

"You can imagine what it's like to try to cook on one of these little twoplate electric stoves, when you have EACH EVENING been used to a big range."

"It must take a good deal of planBy Christie Lund Coles ning to prepare a wellbalanced meal Each evening when the stars are overwith so little cooking space,"I anhead, swered. "You have almost achieved ThenI tuck leanmy daughterto kiss hersafelyas I sayin aherprayerbed,

the impossible."For all the little children everywhere.

% teaspoon pepper 3 quarts milk 3% quarts cooked peas 12 hard cooked eggs, diced Melt fat in saucepan. Add flour, salt,

Josephine B. Nichols pepper, stirring well. Gradually add milk,

The success of a party depends upon stirring continually. Cook until thickened.

eggs. hardcooked Heat in peas and Fold **g%\ following food. the menus and The

onehalf vegethoroughly. about cup Pour

for party, idealrecipes are M.I.A. your

of serving sauce over each table cream Ham social, other groupRelief Society and Tuckaways.

gettogethers.

American Chop Suey Menus veal steak pounds 4 Buffet Supper Luncheon or lean steak pork pounds 2 I Ham Tuckaways with Vegetable Cream l}/21 cupsquart shorteningfinely chopped onion

Sauce 6 quarts water Salad Lettuce Tomato salt tablespoons with Fruit Jelly Cream 23 Whipped sugar cup brown Yi Wafers finely diced peppers 8 green II 3 quarts thinly sliced celery

American Chop Suey over Hot Boiled 2 quarts cooked rice [2% cups unRice cooked) VEGETABLE ES Waldorf Salad Orange strips, in small narrow brown Cut meat OLEOMARGARINE Rolls in shortening melted in hot heavy (MARGAR"slowly

Butter onion; pan. continue cooking frying Add

Spice is Cake until water, not brown. limp onion Add

Fruit Juice is until salt, slowly sugar. meat and Cook

Party Refreshments tender, about fortyfive minutes. Add finely

I diced green pepper and celery. Cover; cook

Chicken Salad until tender but still crisp, about ten minHot Drop Biscuits utes. Serve over hot cooked rice, allowserving. ing Lemon Tarts (Beef may be CUP this P er margarmodern about % / 4v& veal.) for substituted and pork II it'sfine, ine! at once why You'll know

Orange Delight Orange Delight fresh flavor makes Durkee's MargarSponge Cake ine so popular as a spread... why

juice orange 4 cups Punch apthe to delicious Durkee's adds 1 juice lemon cup III dishes. favorite petite appeal of

2 marshmallows pounds j/2 Molasses Taffy Bars Durkee's product! a farm Truly quarts whipping cream 134 Juice Grape is select vegfrom Margarine made 1 sliced 10 peaches can No.

fresh, oils, pasteurized etable and Recipes Serve 50 Tested To juice with marshlemon and Heat orange in farms milk American from skim Vegetable with Cream Tuckaways Ham until in boiler of double top marshmallows sections. rich dairy Durthe heart of Sauce stirring are occasionally. melted, mallows

distribevenly special kee's process heat. mixture Cool. from Remove Mixture Ham tiny particles vegetable utes of the mixture with marshmallow Combine tomatoes 2 can 1 No. a fat superin to give order you stiffly Stir well. cream. whipped Place 4 eggs flavor the with margarine smooth sliced three tablespoons peaches of in each onion chopped ]/2 cup

It's distributed. with enriched evenly fifty glasses. sherbet marshmallow Pour dry tablespoons 2 mustard

2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce mixture over fruit. Chill four hours, or Vitamin A, too.

1 quart (4 pounds) ground smoked ham until firm.

Combine all ingredients, mix thoroughly. Molasses Taffy Bars

Biscuit Mixture cups sifted enriched flour -, * )/ 3 quarts sifted enriched flour 74 teaspoon soda 6 tablespoons baking powder teaspoons salt 3 tablespoons salt teaspoons ginger 1 Yi cups shortening cup shortening 2 quarts (about) milk xH cup brown sugar 6 eggs in shortingredients, cut Sift together dry vanilla teaspoons until milk 1Hening is crumbly. mixture Add molasses cups 1H

until flour batter.to a drop make Mix only raisins 3 cups

is moistened. Pour onehalf of batter into cups chopped nuts

pans, eightfour greased and onehalf by. M onon breads, rolls inches.thirteen and onehalf Sift together flour, soda, salt, and ginger. SS2'Must right

biscuits. until together shortening sugar and Cream batter. ind used evenly over mixture Spread ham it can fluffy. light well. and mixing eggs, Add economical batter spreading remaining over ham,Pour, so

flour alternately to mixture creamed Add liberallyinbatter to of pan. evenly modBake edge Nourishing vanilla mixture with molasses, mixing and (400 fortyfiveerately F.) hot about oven

minutes. Cut into servings. Serve with well after each addition. Fold in raisins

Vegetable Cream Sauce. and nuts. Spread in two greased pans, parents. too.

eight and onehalf by thirteen and onehalf

Vegetable Cream Sauce inches. Bake in moderate oven (350 F.)

(1 lb.) butter forty minutes. or margarine cool, about cut 2 cups When into '"-—flour bars. fifty bars, cups enriched about oneone and Makes2J4 3 tablespoons salt half by three and onefourth inches. So G,uttfi>esh

OCTOBER 1946 643 ) a

Even the Humblest They agreed to go on a mission both of them. January 24, 1946,

( Concluded from page 628 found them in Chicago reporting to have nearly enough only two days the Northern States Mission. The

before the mailing deadline, but that task they were first assigned was not she did not fail once to meet it. She an easy one, but they didn't grumble

will even tell in what manner the about it. They went right to work,

way was opened for her to do it. In and by their acts of devotion, not

addition to that, she succeeded in only inspired the Saints to better earning enough to go to Germany, works, but they showed the younger stay with him for five months, and missionaries what it means to be loyaccompany him home. This was in al to an assignment. Now they are

1909. at Farmer City, Illinois, helping the

branch to go forward.

does the future hold for H"E corporationsecured a jobof workingSalt LakeforCity.the What them? They do not know, and they

By this time it became apparent that do not care. Strong in her mind is

they were to have no children of the promise made to the Lord years girl in their a so adopted they own, will let "If ago, thou my husband in 1 920. named They a 1913 and boy

I'll live, asked anything refuse never the girl Louise and the boy Herbert.

of the leaders of Church."by the me all of these two children gave They

is also his to pledge the Lord Her the devotion and all of their love and herself, delegated pledge. she When

the obligation. feels shares that he advantages they could afford—he good home, good clothing, and a

good education. I can think of no better words to

Not so very long ago they reepitomize their lives than to repeat ceived the official war department the great statement of Jesus Christ, telegram announcing the death of "Blessed are the meek: for they shall

earth."inherit the 5:5.) (Matthew his of their in defense boy—killed have inherited. These two They that think country. Does anyone

built in me, as I heard them tell their Share the grief of these foster parents is any less keen because their son is story, a new faith and fresh courage a foster son? But like all brave peoto go forward. They, and hundreds

ple, they do not wear their feelings of thousands more like them, are the A MEALon their coat sleeves. solid foundation on which we build

Last fall he was work. Save andTheyhavehaveprospered.been frugal and careful a greater Church and do greater

retired after many years of faithful He is August Wilhelm Reymann;

service as a public servant of the she is Louise Margaret Catherine people. Did they sit back prepared Helmken Reymann of Salt Lake

to enjoy a placid old age? Not at all. City. A LIFE'

This Message Contributed By the Hotel Utah in Cooperation

With the President's Famine Emergency Committee

FOR A VERY YOUNG GARDENER

By Helen Mating

"YJL That matter if rows deviate

And things are never planted straight?

You dig and work, and look so cute

With gathered mud upon your suit.

Your childish joy is so profound

I pray things burgeon from this ground.

644 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Tip to a man who hasn't snagged a willow in a coon's age

Snarling your line isn't the worst thing that can happen on a fishing trip. A balky car

can put an awful damper on the fun. That's why it's a good

idea to go all the way on Chevron Supreme Gasoline... for this great premium

gasoline is "tailored"to suit different driving conditions all through the West.

Wherever you go, you'll get a Chevron Supreme Gasoline that's designed especially to fit the local climate and altitude. So

even though the country changes, you get the same easy starting, sputterless driving, and freedom from vaporlock you're used to at home.

STOP AT THESE SIGNS FOR STANDARD OF CALIFORNIA PRODUCTS

DON'T FORGET... whether you're traveling or driving SSI

around town, use your Chevron National Credit Card. It

wraps car expenses into one, easyto-budget monthly bundle. CHEVRON

GAS STATION <V

OCTOBER 1946 645 didn't think there was anything that

Fear Is Catching could be done about it."

By MabelRuth Jackson something,""George saidAnneeverybodyanswered,is "andafraidthatof our hundred a times out of ninetynine her marto visit had come r* randma says fears are groundless. we can He North. The Mrs. ried daughter,

that fears our control and we to with learn delighted her, about hung children careful not to particularly show be must them. brought she had the presents copy they children, because fear before

all kitchen in where the were they Now us. the evening preparing was North Mrs. I've "I guess said Grandma, "Well,"

meal. "What are you packing that lunch hadto getminerid tooof them,many butyearsI seenowwhatto hopeyou Grandma. for, asked Anne?"box I'll children, Anne, and the about mean her. told children both Daddy,""For to give any not them best very do my this shift night starts on the "George If help I can't copy. to fears of my North. Mrs. added evening,"Four I'll be and to afraid, room go being my children the and you mean "You all myself."afraid by

night?"asked at alone stay to haveMasterful Books Grandma, her voice rising in dismay.

by "Why, that's nothing, Mother,"answered her daughter, calmly. "We've

Joseph Fielding Smith done it plenty of times."Button, Button, Who's

"But aren't you afraid? Think of

of these zealous author books is a The of Think happen! might and what

oi tireless in the righteouscause worker the Got the Button? burglars! And Toms, Peeping tramps, oi ness. his writings sermons and Many

have been compiled into these volumes, what if a big storm should come, or the which set forth powerfully the principles house get on fire?"sputtered Grandma.

interesting gospel. oi are the books These North, said Mrs. unlikely,""All very

..... There well written listenwere children at the who to glancing for gifts finer are seeks. onestimulating. no who

understand more fully and to live according ing wideeyed. "Tommy, take Barbsie

to the gospel of Jesus Christ. in the bathroom and wash her face and

boy."that's a good for supper, hands F. LIFE SMITH—THE OF JOSEPH reluctantly. very went, but Tommy leader. great intimate biography of a an

Here are revealed the principles of the gosHe had been fascinated by Grandma's pel as they were taught and lived by the recital of dangers. It was dusk now and,

sixth president of the L. D. S, Church. $2.50. for the first time in his young life, he

THE RESTORATION OF ALL felt timid about venturing away from

THINGS—31 powerful chapters dealing the kitchen where there were lights and

with basic principles of the gospel. These people. Pulling his protesting sister

in the vitally important are messages presalong, he hurried to the bathroom to $1.75. sin. unbelief and against ent crusade

turn on the light.

THE WAY TO PERFECTION—In the kitchen, Mrs. North was trying

of helpful especially because volume a without understand mother its to make her illusarticles, explaining, impelling timely, "It's this way, feelings. her hurting of the vital principles applying trating and

gospel. $1.50. Mother,"she said carefully. "I was

always such a fraidycat, and it spoiled

THE TIMES—SIGNS OF THE to thanks for things me. Now, so many

events. The passing of interpretation an with me and reasoned has George, who of the gropings confused and unhappy

world are shown to be but the unfolding of laughed goodnaturedly at me, I've outfinal chapters in the drama of our earthly grown a lot of that senseless fear. I /Contrasting fabrics are an imporlife. $1.25. confess, though, there are times still tant fashion trend for fall, and here

when I am afraid, but I've never let the we see satin interestingly combined

Surely these are times that try the souls of children see that I'm afraid of anything. with crepe in a partygoing frock. The

men! This is no time to be found sleeping. We want them, as much as possible, to gleam or the satin is repeated in the

All who read these books are warned away grow up without that handicap."gleam of rhinestonestudded button

for set that are snares the pitfalls and from think it black large as you was my fault "I suppose fashioned originales, the families need our and the unwary. We her of answered afraid,"earrings out that lady makes you were balls. This volumes. in these offered guidance

voice. she offended bracelet in an and the buttons mother matching these or for a friend, home, your For own

said dear,"is simply sleeve the pushup with "Mother her daughter wears are Smith Fielding Joseph volumes four by ideal gifts. putting her arms around her, "please a number of matching buttons easily and

(See page 616 for handy order form.) don't be hurt. You know how much I quickly threaded on a hat elastic! These

love you and how glad we all are to buttons are B.G.E. Originales.

have you here. I just want you to understand. Mother, tell me—don't you

wish you weren't afraid of things?"

Her mother was silent a moment, but

Bennett BOOKCRAFT she was looking thoughtful instead of By GertrudeECONOMISTRyder said slowshe Anne,""Well, offended. South Main 1186 care to work, to in debt MUCH it Too just taken I've believe always "I station railroad the sits around He City 4, Utah ly, Salt Lake afraid. are people that most for granted to solve tells the country how And

It's spoiled things for me, too, but I The economic situation.

646 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

CONSERVING

3omorrow HOW TO PAINT

the livestock feed situaWhiletion is extremely critical, it is unwise for farmers and stockmen to unload their entire AROUND YOUR HOME stock on the market. Careful planning and management can and will Fuller's free "get ready, go"

accomplish the same result as confolders help make painting easy serving feed, and at the same time help make results sure keep the farmer or stockman in business with prospects of better stock Do you hesitate to start repainting you don't enough know—feel The has today. he thantomorrow

it about to of do over some your AsManufacturers FeedAmerican things really and get results? good this foursuggested sociation has

pronged program: issuedFuller20 candifferenthelp you.folders,We'veeach

1 Save feed by making full use of showing the easy way to paint pasture with chickens, turkeys, something about your home and pigs walls, ceilings, woodwork, floors, a. Large amounts of feeds may be saved furniture, linoleum; even the house. by restricting the feed given to growThese folders are free—any one

ing chickens, turkeys, and pigs on or all of them—at your Fuller

pasture, which forces them to consume Paint Dealer.

more pasture. With them in hand, you can

b. Lush pastures such as Sudan grass, set a comfortable redecorating

Ladino clover, etc.—if available schedule through the winter

saving greater even possible make months, spring and by early have if other the pasture, ordinary than lovelier, a little brighter at home restricted. feed is

cost, actual lots and of with to likely more be are c. Oats, which

abundant than other grains during the pleasure from your work.

next few months, are exceptionally There are W. P. Fuller & Co.

wellsuited to restricted feedings. dealers throughout the West where

d. For poultry on pasture, gravel or you can get these folders now.

granite grit is essential.

While the maximum use of pasture will not produce the highest rate of growth, it can be made to save up to one third of the feed required by growing chickens, turkeys, and pigs.

2. Safe feed through proper feed"

ing of dairy cows a. Cows are better able to use pasture

than any other animal. On especially

good pasture, cows will eat very little grain. b. During the acute feed shortage, grain

should be fed conservatively—not over

one pound of grain to four pounds of milk. Feed may be saved by culling

out the poor producers and shy breeders and sending them to the butcher.

c. With good pastures, heifers from six

to fifteen months of age will do well without grain.

3. Save feed through elimination

of unprofitable animals a. Cull nonproducing hens, broody hens,

molting hens, and borderline birds that might normally be kept in the flock.

b. Separate growing cockerels from pullets at an early age and market the

cockerels as early as local conditions permit. (Concluded on page 654) OCTOBER 1946 UL jbo We WutiU

Charles H. Hart told us in Whena priesthood conference meeting

at Snowflake, Arizona, that the name of the higher priesthood was not pronounced Melchezedek but Melch/zedek, I was nettled; and my dictionaries,

standard Church works, and other reference books came in for some scrutiny. The following Sabbath I was

stunned, when, expecting to hear everybody saying Melchizedek, no one seemed to have heard the criticism.

I found Melchiz-e-dek in a pronouncing vocabulary of Book of Mormon proper names, pronounced melkiz-e-dek, and a few Bible names divided into syllables accented and the vowels marked to indicate their correct sounds; following the Book of

Mormon in the combination book, page 533. Dr. James E. Talmage compiled

the combination book or supervised the

What is the smaller of the two How is this chest of drawers compilation of it. It is recognized and

basins called? concealed from view? accepted as authority by the AuthoriRiver basin 3 By three men on a horse ties of our Church.

|| Dental basin ] By an open door to the hall Elder Widtsoe told us in a recent [| Ocean basin By a sliding mirrored door conference priesthood meeting in Mesa,

Highlighting the latest in bathroom fixIn the modern home, the chest containing Arizona, that the name of the higher tures is this small dental basin for brushing towels, bath mats, and other supplies is priesthood is Melchizedek.

the teeth. Highlighting your bathroom, too, concealed by a sliding mirrored door. The Many educated people, some teachby brightening dental and wash basins modern way to deodorize the toilet bowl ers and educators, habitually misalike, is Hexol disinfectant.A few drops on is with Hexol. Simply pour a few drops in pronounce common words and even

it flush. let awhile, stand then the bowl, cloth will ofdirt quickly all traces remove sit, set for as: such them,

odor. clean, like You'll Hexol's fresh And misuse finger adjacent walls youngsters'of a—rid for except I for me, versa, and vice really sparkle, that for toilet wipe seats all, marks. of important Jights Hexol Most

germs as it cleans—does double duty. with a little Hexol on a cloth. accept, and so on. If some knew that

cherubim and cherubs are correct plurals of cherub, they would not pronounce cherubim as they do. I have

noted that no holy name is so constantly mispronounced as the name Melchizedek. Only a very small percentage of

those professing to hold the Melchizedek Priesthood say it correctly, and a f/ lesser percentage of the people at large.

We Latterday Saints should not mispronounce this holy name. It means HtXOL more to us than anyone else for it was

given to man to avoid the too frequent repetition of the name of Deity. From

a genealogical standpoint it becomes doubly important to us. We learn that

great care must be exercised, that names be correctly spelled and pronounced and used lest mistakes be made in folWhich items are included in this lowing out lines of descent. Thus to a

arrangement? window it prominent a extent becomes great

large clothes hamper || A bringand for the dead factor in work

Space forflower pots ing to pass the mission of the Prophet

Q Mirror shutters opening inside Elijah predicted and described in the

Yes, all three suggestions are smartly combook of Malachi.

bined into one! Smart housewives prefer One good brother after listening to

Hexol cleanser -disinfectant because it our talk came back saying Melchizedek leaves floor, tiling, the tub bathroom and asked: come?"correctly. "How When DEODORANT clean, so sanitary. fresh, That's so GERMICIDE and why profiting in "I believe by answered, he

Pacific hospitals, physicians, Coast many DISINFECTANT If criticism."as all were constructive It's nurses use and Hexol. and recommend

noncaustic, too, so easy on your hands. On Sale at All Drug Counters openminded, it would be easy to get

people to see their mistakes and do 648 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -:::::.;::: ':: r: msMSSlSk imHHi

MELCHIZEDEK?,;:>.;*

By ZECHARIAH N. DECKER

* ''-'::: / '.;;-... 'r.:;.;. -.,,:-.! nonii i

better. I would suggest to them and all

who err that they read the fiftyeighth section of the Doctrine and Covenants, verses 26 to 33 inclusive. Some things

that are said there gave me the incentive to write this.

It is strange that, notwithstanding the many ways we have by which to learn the correct use and way to pronounce the English words in our schools and colleges and all reference books, that our kind Heavenly Father would be so of thoughtful and us frail good mortals that revealed the has correct he to J-hDWL Mm, pStL &. name

us through his servants. "... whether [it

be] voice voice by or by the mine own R. HUNTER it is servants, the same."See DocDR. MILTON of my

trine and Covenants, section 1, verse book newest Hunter's INDIAN STORIES—Dr. also section 38; 68, verse 4. Will any UTAH

told, kind too seldom stories of Indian and volume Here is a rich legends—the Saint that Latterday Elder deny historian to rarely an authoritative written. us are brought They now by and

Talmage was inspired by the Holy and skilled story teller, whose years of research have opened up to him a

Ghost in his compilation of the comrich vein of Indian lore and earlyday stories. Your shelf of young folks'books

bination book? And there are witnesses will be particularly enriched by this new, authentic collection. $2.25.

that Charles Hart and John A. Widtsoe THE GOSPEL THROUGH THE AGES

each told a large gathering of priestTextbook for Priesthood Quorums... a handbook of information for the

hood members that Melchizedek is the missionary, investigator, and others who seek a better knowledge of the Plan correct name of the Higher Priesthood. of Salvation. Subjects discussed include the eternal nature of God, the meaning

Will any deny that these men were inspecialof the gospel,topics, universalsuch as quest"Men forMaysalvation,Become theGods,"gospel"Thedispensations,Immortality andof Man,"many fluenced by the Spirit of God in the and the "Story of the Earth."This beautiful book is a choice gift. $1.30.

performance of their duties? "... In the

mouth of two or three witnesses shall BRIGHAM YOUNG, THE COLONIZER every word be established."{II CorAuthenticthe conqueststoryof ofthea wilderness.man of inspiredThis isvisiona historyand highof thecouragesettlement...of antheepicGreatof

inthians 13:1.) Basin by Mormon pioneers under the leadership of Brigham Young. So skillfully

I am wondering why we have gone has the writer woven his material that the reader seems carried away to play on and on so long mispronouncing the a part in the fastmoving drama. $3.00.

name of the Holy Priesthood. From

let's pronounce it correctly: on now * * * Melchiz'-e-dek. let's say Ctt&D---

FIVE GREAT COMPILATIONSby n. b. Lundwaii

Aztec Method DISCOURSES OF ORSON PRATT

Pratt one of Orson was {Concluded 613) from page finest of writings his and the discourses—pricelessgreat men of his generation.for home,Hereward,are or600quorumpages

$3.00. Price, three developed favored library. The Aztecs

materials upon which they recorded THE EXODUS OF MODERN ISRAEL their written history: deer skin, a fibre Here is original source material taken chiefly from the diary of Orson Pratt

paper known as "amatl,"and woven intogivingthea Valleyfirsthand,of thedayby-dayGreat SaltaccountLake. ofBriefthe. Mormon.. authenticmigration...fromfascinating!Nauvoo

cotton. Regional skill in making "amPrice, $1.00.

atl"paper is revealed in the lists of TEMPLES OF THE MOST HIGH incidents faithpromoting descriptions, of dedicatory prayers, and compilation tribute paid A to Montezuma. Towns

illustrated. Price, $2.00. Beautifully the L. D. S. temples. with connected

reregion from the of Oaxaca were nowned for their papermaking skill. ASSORTED GEMS OF PRICELESS VALUE

When the whole story was to be Choicewriters, thoughtsand inspiredon 165leaders.gospel themes,Price, $2.00.drawn from the writings of many thinkers,

recorded on one surface, the Aztec

THE VISION strips of long cotton material wove quotations of finest compilation A from L. D. S. Church authorities—and from together to they which $1.25. sewed form a Price, other world leaders.

large cotton cloth many feet square.

Upon the not too smooth surface the (See page 616 for order form)

Aztec artist recorded his story. Due to

favorable circumstances of preservation some few prehistoric cotton codices have survived in Mexico City for our study. 1186BOOKCRAFTSouth Main Salt Lake City 4, Utah

(See illustration, page 613.)

OCTOBER 1946 649 alntenance of Cldier5

an d -J>evenued (a/uorumj eMettneicfeat jrutl Jtrenatkifl exercised in the approach and plan that ""Phe Lord, by revelation, establishes one would exercise if he were out to the number of elders in a quorum, win business in an important transacstating that there are to be ninetysix. KonrldenUal rnterviews tion. There is the "getting acquainted"

(See This D. & C. 107:89.) pattern, HPhe season is approaching when the areopportunitythe cultivationsought after.of friendshipThen thereandthus established by the Lord, warrants

that an earnest effort be made in every personal interview between the the building of confidence, which are toquorum area thereto. conform An presidentsship shouldofbequorumscompleted.and theManymemberquo- sale.followedThisbyroutinethe approachmay requireto makejust theanexamination of reports from the stakes

indicates there are many designated rum presidencies are undoubtedly Hearoccasional friendly chat, an opportunity quorums with greatly depleted membering the completion of this particular asfor which you have carefully planned signment. others All to should arrange It invitarequire an and made. mayships. of these Some fall below

their visits interviews and make at an the ball to the or game, to lunch, tion majoritya membership, groupsi.e.—fortynine. early will there so in date delays be no it rerate, is going to theater. any AtSimilar conditions obtain quoin some

rums of seventy. The Lord establishes completing the confidential annual require that you go "out of your way"

by revelation seventy as the number, port in season. in the hope of eventually gaining your

but in some instances at least, there are Purpose of Interview: objective. Such contacts with the memquorum organizations having less than These interviews are not intended bership of your quorum will not be

a majority of thirtysix members. These as inquisitions with resultant punishtainted with the thought of "personal

conditions should not exist, and where ment for any infractions revealed. gain,"but inspired by an unselfish dethey do, should not persist if a correcNeither is it intended that they be mere sire to be of service. However, you

tion can be effected. It is the duty of questionnaires reduced to a factfinding may find the adoption of sound busipresidents of quorums and the presibasis. It is not the intent to "put our ness principles profitable in winning

dents of stakes, to keep a watchful eye brethren on the spot"or embarrass your prospect.

on the quorums. Not only should the them in any manner, but it represents The Followup:

individual member's interests be looked an effort by the presidency of the quoWhere irregularities or weaknesses after, but also the quorum interests rum to determine the needs of their are revealed, appropriate remedies are generally. brethren, that the presidency may bettactfully suggested. Seek only to inWe admonish that care and attention ter serve and help those in need. Any spire hope and determination to imbe given promptly, to the strengthening information obtained purely for the prove. The doctrines of repentance

of any quorums requiring it. A survey sake of reporting will have little value, and forgiveness are among those paramay reveal within many quorum areas but if some constructive program results mount in the gospel structure. Inspire

brethren worthy of ordination. If, of that will help correct any weaknesses within your members a desire for incourse, new members cannot be found revealed through these interviews, a creased fellowship with the quorum,

to strengthen depleted quorums, and real contribution will have been made, and greater participation in quorum afthere is no likely prospect of the situaboth in the private interest of members fairs.

tion changing in a reasonable length of and in the quorum generally. Should you find an unwholesome attime, consideration could well be given Mechanics of Visits: titude existing in a brother's heart, ento consolidating two or more such Seek to have all circumstances atdeavor to assist him in correcting the

groups. tending your visit favorable to your difficulty; such assistance, however,

not be obvious to him. He may Reports indicate also that there are purpose. Where possible make your must

it. resent visits at appointment time a congreatly by quorums excessive with a spirit love of prompts the When interbrethren. to venient your Your having than moremanymemberships—some will act, there president's every quorum privately held for should be and view mostenough full quorums. two Neither the from memberlove of a rebound be greatest inoffensively this conducted. obtain,should condition The and where presizest to will ship that add new

it tact of employed. be must amount does, study to Any should be given quolife the vigor to and dency, and new

spirit criticism contention of or division, be must or realignmentrum of quorum quorum.

visare avoided. scrupulously not toareas maintain balance proper You within presidencies of the to appeal We iting judge, witness, neither as as a athe quorums.

in their interviews to quorums make in the discharge brother as of but a an In the of contemplation quorums, spirit of fellowship; new pure them the make

spirit in the assigned which duty do youdivisions should not be undertaken in manner promptly, and a and way helpfulness. of love each and make You least atwithout majority a membership their insure followed will being that by

in heart. with prayer your a approach

that reasonable certainty theseand mablessing. a

jorities may be maintained, with buildAny information obtained must be kept ing up to full quorum strength as the in strictest confidence. The information

ultimate in view. desired may not necessarily be obtained \cJue5tion5 and Mndwers

52: Is it advisable Question when brethproperly We urge upon the presidents of quoinof acontactssingle visitthroughoutbut perhapsthe year,in a whichseries ren have been recommended

rums and the presidents of stakes the is by far the more desirable method. It approved for ordination to high priest andfor

propriety of giving early consideration may even be possible to obtain all the the ordinations to be effected by various to the matters outlined herein, with a information required without progroup leaders?

view to effecting any changes requisite pounding a direct question. Answer 52: No. In the interest of mainat this time. It is suggested that the same care be taining order, ordination to high priest

650 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA But today our beloved America and the way of life bequeathed to us by our hardy, selfreliant, and freedomloving fathers are in grave danger, very seriously threatened by wicked and designing men who would enslave us toTricstfooi habits and practices that are beguiling

CONDUCTED BY THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE and destructive of morals, honor and

A. CALLIS, FIELDING HAROLD SMITH, TWELVE CHAIRMAN; CHARLES JOSEPH B. religion. alert "Voters, say: be So we LEE, SPENCER BENSON, EZRA TAFT G. ROMNEY, E. MCMARION W. KIMBALL, THOMAS

in polls at the duty your and wise. Do E. R. IVINS KAY, LEVI CLIFFORD YOUNG, SONNE, ANTOINE EDGAR YOUNG, ALMA

November."Many people go to the

should be made by a member of the stake polls and behave more or less foolishly, the high priests'presidency or quorum NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO theyfor theyknowvotelittlefor orcandidatesnothing. ofIt iswhomthis presidency, that regular preferably in a and

meeting of the quorum. COLUMN ignorance that is so dangerous because

Question 53: Who appoints a secretary Conducted by it is by reason of its prevalence that

to a priesthood quorum, class instructor, Dr. Joseph F. Merrill designing candidates frequently get into

or committees within the quorum? office. It follows that it is a sacred duty

of the presidency quoAnswer 53: The

presides presidency rum. over A quorum all Are We Mixing in Politics? moralof the andvotercapabilityto informqualificationshimself of theof

affairs the of the are responand quorum here read have what we Olease for those he votes. This fact whom sible officers. directing course, susthe Of this written question answer and into the consciousness should burned be taining of vote should the quorum be had

It is likely yourself. that before we voter. of every prior installation to the offor of any quorum

ficer. come to you again in this column the Now the foregoing is written as a sort

Question 54: How often is it deemed November election will have passed. of preamble to the announcement that

advisable for quorum presidency meetings And we do want to reach you before in the states of California, Idaho, Utah, to be held? that important event, for state officers and perhaps some others, many imAnswer 54: Council meetings should be and members of legislatures will then portant questions pertaining to morals

as often held as circumstances warrant, but affairs elected. of government be The will decided and government be good

least at the achieving weekly. Quorums will thereafter in the placed socn be in election in the the and November alert in are those most presidency which an officials. of the newlyelected hands legislatures election. that will the follow frequently, confer over, watch and plan

carefully the work of their quorums. UsualPresumably all who read these lines In this election some excellent laws may

ly the fact that a quorum presidency feel are alive to their duties as citizens and be enacted by direct vote of the people.

there is nothing pertaining to the quorum will not fail to vote. For whom will Others will be made by the legislatures

that would require their attention is the they vote? We advise that they vote if the voters will do their duty and elect

surest sign that they should meet frequently. for candidates whom they believe or only candidates who will consider the

They have plenty to do without being know to be honest, capable, patriotic best interests of the public as coming aware of it, and the quorum suffers as a men and women, willing to forego selffirst, and act accordingly.

result of their lack of vision foresight. and

) ish desires ( should they have any and the public safety not demand Does Authorities of the General The Church for have willing those to support and work it shall that unlawful for a drinking be that the presidencies urged long of quorums meet weekly in council meeting. measures that will be fair, just, and best or a drunken driver to be at the wheel

Question 55: Is it permissible to hold the for all the people or at least for the of a motorcar on the highway? Would

monthly meeting of the high priests'quorum great majority of them. What is best not the public welfare be promoted if

during the hour of the ward priesthood for the great majority can hardly be there were no drinking anywhere of meeting? unfair or wrong to any considerable alcoholic beverages? Then should not

Answer 55: No. Bishops and their counminority. a community, if it so desires, have the

the selors the of should meetings attend difficult times. these are complex, But legal eliminate right to the sale these of

it high priests'necesis also quorum, and honest people not of good will do Even within beverages other its borders? In sary that they each Sunday be present

morning in the ward priesthood meeting. It always have sufficient wisdom to see words, is not the principle of "local

is also desirable for the high priests'groups alike as to what is best to be done. option"absolutely democratic?

to be present at the ward priesthood meetHowever, some people are so selfish Voters, it is all up to you. May you

ings, so that they may be kept informed of and evilminded {judged by Christian have the wisdom, the courage, and the the problems confronting the ward, and standards ) that they will not stop short will to exercise your franchise glorimay learn of their responsibility in the of anything feasible to do to attain their ously!

meeting of these problems. In addition, the ends. In these days there are innumerward bishopric would be appreciative of, able pressure groups, all more or less The King's Proclamation

of the counsel presence helped by, and and selfish their in active ends, promoting in three centuries than ago, reTlORE in priests the these meetings. high ward

ill effects these gardless of the ends the 1630, king of issued England it Is limit the 56: to advisable Question good. have on the would common To to- a royal concerning proclamation at the priesthood attendance stake monthly

meeting to the leadership of the stake, makthe extent that they knowingly do these bacco. He became convinced that it was ing this meeting purely one for leadership? things they are not good citizens—not a needless, harmful, enslaving weed

Answer 56: No. A monthly stake priestgood Americans. Then are not loyal which should not be permitted to be

hood meeting should be held at which the Americans, those who are true to the grown in or imported into his realms official atof business the stake be principles basic great may our upon which either at overseas. culture or home The

to. for of tended brethren names When founded, the faced Republic with was of importation tobacco cease and must

in ordination Priesthood the Melchizedek all legitimately challenge they can to do excellent indicated. for the reasons We it of the approved, are be should vote by office public all those from to keep who this intergive quotations a from few It entire the is destake priesthood body.

sirable that uniformity be enjoyed throughwould eliminate these principles from esting proclamation, a copy of which out the Church, and that all stakes conoperating in the affairs of government? was recently sent us. The king exform to the generally outlined procedure. Is there not but one answer to this pressed himself in these words:

{Concluded on page 655) question? (Concluded on page 658)

OCTOBER 1946 651

-fxusthoobHaxmkCONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

Standard LJuonim Jiward Monor Koii for 1945 rpHE year 1945 brought the usual inmore quorums in this outstanding for the first time, California, Eastern crease in the number of Standard activity. States, and Western States missions

Quorum Awards issued by the PreThe same stalwarts head the one having qualified for the first time in siding Bishopric. One hundred forty hundred percent honor roll again for 1945.

stakes share in the distribution of 1,346 1945. Granite, Highland, Phoenix, The Presiding Bishopric wish to

awards. South Los Angeles, and Sugarhouse, commend the boys and their leaders

There were a total of one hundred having achieved this high honor again. for such fine accomplishment. They

fiftythree stakes as of December 31, The Southern States Mission still urge the continued support of this pro1945. One hundred forty or ninetyone shows improvement over the fine record gram with the traditional increase as the

percent of the stakes honored one or made in 1944. They have competition objective for 1946 and all future years.

HONOR ROLL FOR 145 No. No. No. No.

Stake Awards Stake Awards Stake Awards Stakt Awards

Granite 100% 30 Nebo 14 North Idaho Falls 7 San Diego 4

Highland 100% 24 South Salt Lake 14 North Sanpete 7 Weber 4

Phoenix 100% 17 Alpine 13 Roosevelt 7 West Jordan 4

So. Los Angeles....l00%. 32 Cottonwood 13 San Juan 7 Franklin 3

Sugarhouse 100%.. 38 Emigration 13 South Box Elder 7 Grantsville 3

Idaho Falls 15 Summit - 7 Portland 3

Star Valley 24 Lake View 13 Davis 6 South Sanpete 3

Pasadena 23 Pocatello -13 East Millcreek 6 Tooele 3

East Jordan 21 Cache 12 Juarez 6 Union 3

Ogden 21 Timpanogos 12 Millard 6 Washington 3

Pioneer 21 Benson 11 Mt. Jordan 6 Wayne 3

Ben Lomond 20 Grant 11 Oahu 6 Bannock 2

Big Cottonwood 20 Los Angeles 11 Park 6 Hyrum 2

North Davis 20 Minidoka 1 San Francisco 6 New York 2

Snowflake 20 Mt. Ogden 11 Zion Park 6 North Box Elder 2

West Pocatello 20 San Bernardino 11 Bear Lake 5 North Carbon 2

Alberta 19 Seattle 1 Blackfoot 5 Reno 2

Kolob 19 Sevier 1 Carbon 5 St. Johns 2

Rexburg 19 Weiser 11 Ensign 5 SantaquinTintic 2

San Fernando 19 Big Horn 10 Gridley 5 South Sevier 2

Liberty 18 Boise....10 Gunnison 5 South Summit 2

Maricopa 18 Logan 10 Kanab 5 Woodruff 2

South Ogden 18 Mt. Graham 10 Panguitch 5 Humboldt 1

Wells 1.8 Twin Falls 10 Sharon 5 Cassia 1

Inglewood 17 Yellowstone 10 Smithfield 5 Idaho

Riverside 17 Oakland 9 South Davis 5 Juab

St. George. 16 Rigby 9 Teton 5 Montpelier

Taylor 16 Southern Arizona 9 Utah 5 Moroni

Malad 15 Uintah 9 Bear River 4 Uvada

North Rexburg 15 Lethbridge 8 Beaver 4 Oquirrh....

Oneida 15 North Weber 8 Burley 4 Total 1346

Palmyra 15 Provo 8 Denver 4 Sacramento 15 St. Joseph 8 Lehi 4 Missions

Bonneville 14 Shelley 8 Morgan 4 Southern States 21

Deseret 14 Wasatch 8 Nampa 4 Eastern States 3

Long Beach 14 Chicago 7 Parowan 4 California 1

Moapa 14 Farr West 7 Salt Lake 4 Western States 2

WARD YOUTH LEADERSHIP ing a fellow pupil into the river was an of a Church leader of youth to transOUTLINE OF STUDY expression of his resentment towards form his class, his quorum, or his those of his own age who had given M.I.A. group into something more than

NOVEMBER 1946 him not love but ridicule and disrespect. a group of individuals whose names are

/\NE day, years ago, an eightyear-old Children of every age need the comon the roll book. He should seek to

boy in London deliberately pushed panionship, the respect, and the love cultivate friendships among them. He

a schoolmate into the Thames River of those their own age. That is their should see that none are without fellowwhere the victim lost his life. Some newsnormal social world. Boys need boy ship in the group. It is his great oppapers called the offender a young crimfriends; girls need girl friends; and portunity to provide a wholesome setinal and demanded his incarceration, among teenage boys and girls there ting for the development of fine fellowif not his life. A careful, dispassionate develops the need of friendship and ship based on Latterday Saint ideals.

study of the lad's life revealed the fact love between boys and girls. How can he do it? The following

that because of physical unattractiveThe need for friendship within an age ideas on the subject may be suggestive.

ness he had become the butt of ridicule group is so vital that people seek it 1. Arrange functions of various types

of his playmates. His cruel act of pushone way or another. It is the obligation (Continued on opposite page)

652 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tfaxb Stacking CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY HENRY G. TEMPEST.

-jraitkrul l/l/am Jeack er WARD TEACHERS

The teacher s duty is to watch oyer the church always, and be with and

John Welch was appointed as a strengthen them;

ward teacher in Paradise Ward, HyAnd see that there is no iniquity in the church, neither hardness with rum Stake (then Cache Stake) in 1885. each other, neither lying, backbiting, nor evil speaking;

With the exception of twentysix And see that the church meet together often, and also see that all the months spent in the mission field he has members do their duty. (D. & C. 20:5355.)

served continuously in this capacity.

1 If lovember 1946During this period he has never failed l/i/ard Jeack for

THANKSGIVING of the the President United States and in commem- B Y orationproclamationof our ofPilgrim thanks, of giving Fathers having appointed a day

America will observe Thanksgiving. The day, if celebrated in keeping

with true American tradition, will include the voicing of grateful acknowledgment and recognition of the hand of Providence. Many will ignore the

spiritual phase, accepting the day as a new opportunity for recreation with no thought of expressing devotion and thanks to the Lord. Others will

gather with kinsfolk in pleasant reunion at the natal fireside to feast and visit. Far in the minority perhaps will be the few who will dedicate themselves to carrying out the original intentions of the pilgrims.

America was not the first nation to proclaim such a day. The "Feast

of the Tabernacles"as observed by ancient Israel is one of the oldest known days of thanksgiving. What a colorful event it must have been

when Israel assembled her families together in the open air in booths constructed of palms and willows to give thanks in song, prayer, and feasting.

No one partook of the feast, until the sheaves of barley and wheat had been waved before the Lord in recognition of the blessings of a bounteous harvest.

Failure to realize the value of daily and seasonal blessings and to express appreciation are common faults. Appreciation is a mark of genuine

character. Development of this quality is measured by our ability to determine values and to satisfy the desires of the heart. What do you want

most? Do you want to do right; to develop character; to love and be loved;

to become unselfish in rendering service and to do good to everyone? On

JOHN WELCH the other hand are you possessed of selfish inclinations, seeking more money, fame, and the material things of life at the expense of more worthto visit his district each month. On one while objectives? Would you barter spiritual and intellectual values for

assignedoccasion to a district he was families. thirtythat included They material gains? Are you thankful for the choices you have made?

It is of blessings gratitude? without be worthy can showing we How scattered of several an area overwere

to give that to not but essential only know how how receive. The wemiles visited regularly each but were is loathed also not receiver only but the Lord. stingy by men by

month.

He is a loyal Church member; he... For with the same measure that ye mete withal it shall be measured to you

wholeheartedly supports the General again. (Luke 6:38.)

Authorities; is well versed in doctrine; "Gratitude is the least of virtues, but ingratitude the worst of vices."

and attends sacrament meeting, PriestThe principle is a natural manifestation of love and appreciation. The

hood meeting, and Sunday School regutruly sincere never approach the Lord asking for divine mercy without larly. He is still an active ward teacher thanking him for blessings already received.

in Paradise Ward. Such loyalty and Thou shalt thank the Lord thy God in all things. (D. & C. 59:7.)

devotion to duty is seldom found. The

record stands as a challenge to all ward This practice should follow in adversity as well as in prosperity; in

teachers. sorrow as well as joy; in death as well as life.

And he who receiveth all things with thankfulness shall be made glorious; and

Outline of Study the things of this earth shall be added unto him, even an hundredfold, yea, more.

(D. &C. 78:19.)

(Continued from opposite page) in universally the the observed will not be Though day manner play, work, which boys or girls service—in first Latterday Saints thanksgiving, of the the should first to be one's care associate together.under Entypical

courage and guide firesides, banquets, and pause in humble devotion to the Lord. The truly thankful not only express

other Churchsponsored functions. thanks on specially appointed occasions but are also conscious of such an

2. Appoint committees for specific reobligation to be returned daily.

(Concluded on page 655) OCTOBER 1946 653 we have three other excursions under way which are to be conducted within the next two months.... We hope to have things in

order so that we will have at least one excursion a month. Each excursion is sponsored by one of the wards for stakewide

participation. to endeavoring are also We Qcntalogy priesthood to sponencourage the quorums

sor temple trips.

South Los Angefes Stake names during the year 1945. The quoAchievements rum members responded to this call one On the genealogical side, over two

/bedient to the appeal of the First hundred percent, and this work has thousand copies of "General InstrucPresidency and the Melchizedek been done. tions"concerning genealogical work

Priesthood committee of the Council The stake presidency has now asked have been distributed. It is the desire

of the Twelve* that the quorums of that the priesthood quorums, with the of the officers to see that every home the Higher Priesthood take upon themassistance of stake and ward genealogiin the stake has a copy of these instrucselves the obligation of administering cal committees, undertake assignment tions.

endowments for the backlog of male of one thousand more of these names The Mathews Ward had a very sucnames in the temples, the quorums of and have the endowments performed. cessful temple excursion to the St.

22, this stake reported: George Temple. They left Los Angelesthe South Los Angeles Stake pledged On January

8, sessions held February February onthemselves eighteen hundred such to do had excursion to the an We recently 9, that evening. returned President and Arizona the from Temple ManchesterWard. Improvement Era, *The November 1943, p. fine his and workers them made Snow 698; Thirtyseven people attended. 1945, p. 282May At present

welcome and were very accommodating.

EXCURSION Conserving TO THE ST. GEORGE for Tomorrow

TEMPLE BY (Concluded /rom page 647) GARVANZA c. Market meat animals at an early age;

WARD, broilers at ten to twelve weeks; turkeys

SAN FERNANDO at twentyfour to twentysix weeks;

STAKE, BY pigs at two hundred to two hundred ATTENDED

ONE HUNDRED twentyfive pounds. Beyond these

TEN PEOPLE points the efficiency of feed usage decreases rapidly.

d. Maintain pullet laying flocks. Pullets

lay more eggs on less feed than hens.

Sell old hens as soon as they stop laying.

LIBERTY STAKE 4. Save feed through good manTEMPLE agement

EXCURSION a. Animals that are free from parasites

ATTENDED BY and disease make the best use of feed.

ONE HUNDRED b. An abundance of fresh drinking water FORTYSEVEN

PERSONS. at all times will save food.

(Story c. Feed carefully to avoid waste. Use

appeared on properly constructed feeders, and do page 528 not fill feeders too full.

of August d. Make the best use of homegrown

"Era.") grains and oil meals. Efficient use of

grains requires that they be balanced with proteins and minerals. For example, on corn alone, a pig will have

to eat about twentytwo bushels of corn to get enough protein to grow to

IDAHO SAINTS BEFORE THE HOUSE OF THE LORD marketable size. He can do the same

job in one half the time on eleven bushels of corn and one hundred pounds of protein feed. The same principle applies to other animals. It is an

extravagant waste of grain to feed it without supplementation. Similarly,

it is a big waste of protein to feed protein concentrates without grain supplementation.

e. Adequate feeding of salt to fourfooted

animals will save feed.

shortage, feed the present beef of Falls the Members Twin visited Falls the Idaho who First Ward 1946. f. During Temple on January 31,

cattle producers greatly help of excursion can The seventyfour miles one hundred by sponsored bishopric was of by the that Temple ward.

records indicate there were nineteen session one hundred in the that are morning. being Arrangements making the utmost use of pasture and larger planned the caravan for an even First from to visit in Twin Falls again later the temple Ward the silage. Genealogical Committee. by Ward year.—Reported

654 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

November and December Continue interviews for confidential anKNUCKLE KNOCKERS nual reports

Christmas letters to men away from home

By MARGARET ADDICOAT How can we cooperate with bishopric and Relief Society on Christmas baskets,

the observe Rule Golden Alice is one a playmate, has Tenyear-old Activity and Church Quorum the other but to fellow definite have has very Jean, who alreadyTothing, etc.? Service Department

grab it out of your hand and knock knuckleknocking tendencies. Let it be October

you across the knuckles with it is ansaid here that Alice is, even as you and Analyze third quarterly reports other. In the past few years we have I, largely responsible for Jean's actions. Participation of quorum members in

all had to learn to be patient waiters- "Here, you carry my books and my Church auxiliaries inline. Irksome and annoying as it is, umbrella—I don't want them,"Jean will Arrange for Thanksgiving program or

and though we all grumble a good deal, say, and Alice will oblige because "I social most of us have been given a liberal don't want to hurt her feelings or make education in the practice of the unwrither mad at me."It is at times like that, NovemberAssist in andcompletingDecemberpersonal interviews

ten law of "first come, first served,"or I want to scream from the housetops, for confidential reports "I'll take my turn, whether I am rich or "These people have no feelings—they a. Methods of interviewing

poor, tall or short, good or bad."can't be insulted—they are not as you Sponsor attendance at tithing settlement

This seems to be so natural a law or I!"When I pointed out Jean's be- a. Aim: "To have every man on tithing

so fair and so simple that the legislators havior to a friend of mine recently, she record''have never passed any measures to enremarked, "But that kind of person alPrepare social calendar for 1947 for percent athundred a "one Arrange certain gets demands like waysforce it. would do so be much To his way—he

in at meeting Sunday"tendance quorum gets them."of others, things and he rule that all flowers amaking mast

January "bloom in the spring, trala."A sorry Sixyear-old Jimmy allows his older

world it would be if such attributes as brother to kick down his house of Factfinding and Statistical common courtesy and kindliness were blocks, though he has worked patientDepartment made mandatory, but surely the time ly to have it just so when Mother comes October attendquarterly conference Report on for to do somethinghas somebody come actions, to in. his brother's resents He members ance of quorum knuckleknockers. theabout Thank little threatcries a sure; and he even be individual relation in facts to Compile minority, in the but areheaven, they his serene like "tell."of most to But ens at meetings quorum group attendance and

is in eye! one's alsoso a mote ilk, in and calms a moment he down third reports quarterly Review

During the recent butter shortage, decides not to bother. But his brother

one of the "K.K.'s"stood in line with has gained another victory for the November and December

three cubes of butter in his hand. knuckle knockers. In no time at all it Report on employment conditions

"Wrap these up,"he demanded of the will be a simple thing for him to crowd Prepare for fourth quarterly and annual timidlooking girl at the counter. you to one side in boarding a bus or reports

"But—but you are allowed only one, in buying a steak. b.a. CheckStudy printedon formsinstructionsand suppliesonneededreports

... one to a customer,"she protested. Sifting it all down, I am convinced c. Check on progress being made on ob-

"This butter is for sale; I've got the that most of the world's misery is based taining information needed

money to pay for it, and nobody is on this principle of "Me first,"and that going to tell me how much I can or people may be divided into two classes, can't stormed. he buy,"takers. Let us givers the and the do Aaronic Priesthood clerk timid took his change and The the butterboors, the about something

gave him the butter. Legally, to be Madame Van Snoots, and the bullOutline of Study

sure, the boor was within his rights; dozing children we contact. Educate (Concluded from page 653)

morally and ethically, he should have the Alices and the Jimmys to help elimisponsibilities which will include all youngbeen tarred and feathered. nate these national nuisances. Let sters in the group and especially those who

A welldressed woman crowded into everyone who has a sense of fair play need to get acquainted with others.

a long line of bank customers during join in an open crusade to reeducate 3. In a tactful, casual way induce one or

the noon rush. She selected her victim—these people who are the very nuclei two of the more socially developed members

a shabbily dressed little woman who of the world's greatest malady. of your group to fraternize more with the

in the unfriendly group. bashful, shy, ones to within slowly her workedhad way

in or girl care an your each 4. Give boy teller's window. feet of the Thea few

to of respect the the gain opportunity group little woman made way for Mrs. Van through some kind of effective participation.

thinking that cut in, obviously toSnoot another musician, a be an artist, the going through merelyshe was a another line Melchizedek Priesthood anotherOne maya practical chap, good oron her way to another window. But {Concluded from page 651 ganizer and manager.

no! Mrs. Van S. was simply in a big

Questions and Topics for Discussionhurry, my dears—her business was Suggested Program for Monthly

much, much more important than yours, Priesthood Leadership Meeting for 1. Illustrate the need people have for

can pick yours! theyor how And the October, November, and December friendships2. Suggestamongwaysthoseof cultivatingof their ownfriendage. on! actually soulstimid to prey They

girls, ships: (b) boys, (a) among amongconsider anyone a "sucker"who is willPersonal Welfare Department the girls of the (c) between and the boys theing to point to the butcher, out

particularly between Junior Girls andbaker, or the candlestickmaker that October ward,

Scouts. Senior

"it is not my turn"when the sequence /omplete personal interviews for confi- 3. Name the boys and girls in the wardof the customers is not known, as at a dential annual reports. Outline prowho seem to lack friends.

counter where no definite line has been cedure for interviews. (See instructions on 4. Divide responsibility among those

formed. printed annual report form.) present to help these to win friends.

OCTOBER 1946 655 Lew from theCamps

eighteenTThere were of us gathered THE LIGHT WE SEE A at the at Kobe. "MorThe RTO

mon Special"was onehalf hour late. By Wiltiam A. Forsyth

The "All Japan""Mormon"confer- "\17e're tired, Lord, of wasted life;

ence had been scheduled for some * * Of "blood and sweat and tears,"time, but, as the time approached, it Of partings, heartaches, grief, and pain, became discouraging. Just two days And endless, endless fears.

before we were to leave, the "strong We've lived through years when tyrants'voice of the law"said, "No!"We had power

just become reconciled to the disapMade slaves of the weak and small, pointment when orders were phoned With knowledge used to spread a cloud through saying we were to board the Of darkness over all.

special train at Kobe.

Two loaded cars pulled out of Kobe. AggressorForced othersnationsto deploystarting first

Some of the brethren had come all the Man's energies for but one thing way from the southern part of the Destroy! destroy! destroy!

island of Shikoku. All were friends;

some were missionary companions; But through the clouds of greed and force

some were relatives. Which brought the darkness here,

see a break, and, through the break, We another us. At Osaka group joined The at Ostend, Cathedral Belgium, 8, on (May light The of peace appear.

(at least 1945,) day fighting V-E when the It carAnother train. to the was added

stopped) their first showing bombers making bombing The planes nearing midnight. which Inwas yesterday another trips after the of cessation hostilities hourto return

soldiers front from wounded the hospital to Destroyed the tyrants'might,Kyoto. a large group Here aboard. came facilities in this In England. picture they, outbring wounded lined soldiers home steeples the of between against the church thusIt continued night. the through At Today

in clouds, a break are the symbolic of the end darkness into light. Fromthe early morning there muster hostilities. of were

slightly fewer than one hundred fifty.—Submitted by William A. Forsyth

No one was unruly, drunken, or disorderly; everyone, save us, was perplexed.

This conference was something new LATTERDAY and dynamic. Everyone was impressed SAINT

with participation in something destined SACRAMENT for a great future. The upwards of five MEETINGHELD IN

hundred attending the conference susSHANGHAI, tained this impression. The wonderful CHINA

spirit of the conference, the counsel and instruction given, and the faith of the multitude made us thankful to the Lord hisfor goodness. of the Most group returned have now or are returning shortly. Services home every held are being

First (left to row right): Jean Neal, Mertlich, Mel Chester Shurtleff, Ctive Hansen, Garner, Don trip Our

G. Cook, Jack back was a group, also. Our Sunday.Waldo H. Coburn, Jack and N. Anderson.

row: Second to in Zion. Bowler, be J. Jay H.next reunion was J. Felt, Jack Henderson, Guy W. Byron Beck, Roland Duke, Hubbard, Deon

Bill Byhower. and A. John Hopkin Third E. row: Peterson, Robert Clinton G. Gillespie, Hill, E. Leon M. Harold Berg, M. Lavon

United States Army and John H. Zetterquist.—Photograph, by Robert E. Peterson. Miller,

OF LIFE

By John F. Richards

LATTERDAY * I 'hese years that lie stark naked on the

SAINT BOYS breast SERVING ABOARD Have burned their mark of madness and of

THE U. S. S. hell

BALTIMORE Within the very soul. There is no rest

CA—68 What is this nonsense of the ringing bell?

as she made her Let not too many cry "For Liberty!"

homeward - bound And gorged with glory stride into the sun, cruise and arrived Expecting hope to strangle memory in Francisco San 3, 1946. And curb the hate when victory is won. March

I tell you this—death's scar can never heal!

When man has killed, he does not soon forget,

No matter what the cause nor how the feel

Of justice surged within the bayonet!

First left to right: row, M. Mallard,

L. Back row: Paul Harmon, Reed S. Udall,J. D. Bigler,Paul T. G.Rogers,W. Tingey,P. L. Peterson,L. B. Soreons,E. B. S.Thompson,K. Wallen.and Chaplain Yet ripened years march on relentlessly,

Alan C. Lynch. And with each fruit the shadow faintly dims.

During trip the from Japan, Yokosuka, home the ship. two meetings held aboard The chaplain, were

isAlan C. Lynch, in the shown extreme who side of the photograph, arranged for these right hand meetings So in the ultimate, the sand and seaand helped the Latterday Saint boys carry on their Church work. Lie down together—and the spider spins.

656 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ) I

Under Full Control

( Concluded from page 624 Gasoline is twenty times as powerful as dynamite. ( I saw a Salt LakeCity fireman take a sponge half as FOR COLORFUL

big as your fist, dip it in gasoline, and then squeeze the daylights out of it—all that was left in the spongewas odor, and that gasolineper- HOMES

fumed sponge, after being put into a doll house and electrically ignited, blew the house into oblivion.) There

is enough gas in the tank of any one of those autos to blow that car a few BENNETT'Sfeet this side of the planet Mars but do you ever hear of a car exploding? I don't know that I have ever PAINTS

heard of such a catastrophe—but

control. it is under Becausewhy? A "WALLPAPCftS control of the becausegood driver,

features of an automobile, will do FOR CLEAN, SHINING HOMESeverything but drive up to an egg and touch it without breaking it. (

believe our friend, Ab Jenkins, will e*t*tett'& @Ua*ten4, and *PoU&&eA, come next to doing that.) We are

talking about control. FOR EVERY HOUSEHOLD USE

A couple of years ago the sin of a BENNETT GLASS & PAINT CO., SALT LAKE CITY

young man was brought to the attenBRANCHES AND DEALERS IN UTAH AND IDAHO tion of the First Presidency. I will

never forget the occasion—I am still

thinking of the suffering of that fellow's beloved mother when the news had to be broken to her. The unfortunate—someonefortunate fellow (andhasheaptlywas said,un-"To be weak is a catastrophe") had AT LONG LAST!

to be tried for his fellowship. It was

serious business. I will never forget A Collection of Verse

the observation of President Clark. By

These were his exact words as I reEdna S. Dustin

member them: "Brother Ashton, the Echoes and old memories from

trouble with this kind of fellow, oftUtah's "early days"—hoof beats

times, is that he thinks he is the only and wagon wheels, the scent of person in the world that has human lilacs, the drama of men and nature."women building a new empire!

Here are some of the titles:

Every mature man or woman has The Organ Speaks, Pioneer Women,natural biological urges—that's huGranny's Lilac Tree, Indian Summer,

man nature. Am I getting too frank? Memories,The Attic SpinningThe SunWheel,Leans PrayerSouthward,for a

The important thing with all of us Young Girl.

is, are we under control? 3>Z.UU Fully illustrated by V. Douglas Snow

Dear member of this Church, dear These lines are taken from "The Organ Speaks":

citizen of this great country, are you Your rich voice vibrates echoes of the past;

under control? To the right of you, In it we hear the chant of pioneers.

to the left of you, behind and in front Legato notes of plodding oxen hoofs

And wagon wheels that turn back through the years.of you, you see the ruins as a result

of lack of control. We see broken "Sagebrush and Wagon Wheels"makes an ideal gift for Christmas, birthhomes and love scattered like fallen days, and other occasions. (See page 616 for order form.)

glass all about us because both men and women, boys and girls, are not under control. 1186BOOKCRAFTSouth Main Salt Lake City 4, Utah

Let's be thoroughbreds.

OCTOBER 1946 657 THE HERMIT NATION {Concluded from page 611) The fruit is wonderful, and the wrapped around the body and tied with present fine apple trees were introduced what might be called a belt. And then by some teachers and missionaries and

when they need washing it is like sendare now -one of the largest productions ing a long strip of cloth to the laundry! they have; from experience I can testify

Even to the present day in some of that they are very delicious.

the remote villages old customs still The people are really what we term remain.sill—becauseYou alwayseach housestep overhas itsa doorown bypoor,walking—alwaysand most of theirsomebodytravelingwalkingis done THROUGH god, and the sill is his neck, and if you somewhere, and usually each woman

AUDIOVISUAL AIDS steppeddisaster onwouldthatfollow!he wouldA bemanhurt,alwaysand littlecarryingsanitation.a load on her head. There is

precedes a woman in walking; she carBut always there was a smile in reries the burdens, and he plays with his turn for mine, and such wonderful,

Sound and silent hands to keep his fingers supple! The friendly eyes. I felt they were intercould I but ested the three eat and them males of in me, family first, from know films, slides, and filminteresting to me. up, old be eat years females would and the what they

strips increase the efmay be left! No properly brought up And when we talked with them, we

fectiveness of classwoman ever attends a funeral, and most learned they were looking toward beroom teaching. To mourn"of the mournersfor the occasion.are hired to "wail and come,ing free.let's Andhelp nowthem thatall wevictorycan! has

serve more fully the <*> teachers of the Church MUD HOUSES we are adding to our {Concluded from page 620) that warm dry climate for over three extensive film library slightly more modernized than those thousand years.

the latest educational made by the Saints. True they are the But how those people would stare

same gray slabs laid without plumb or now, and even those earlyday Saints, material in both black level, with straw as a binder, since at our modernday methods. The bricks

and white and natunothing has been found to equal it in are still sundried, but the mud and ral color. producing even drying and to prevent straw and stabilizers are churned in

cracking, but instead of water the gasoline powered mixers.

builders are using bitudobe stabilizer. Abel Dominguez, a native of ChihuaIt's an emulsified asphaltic preparation hua, Mexico, who was born in an adobe NEW CATALOG READY SOON!

that hastens the hardening process and house and whose father and grandfather before were adobe builders, him makes the bricks more or less waterBureau of this project California helped has proof. make

AUDIOVISUAL INSTRUCTION Though the bricks are easily molded possible. For weeks, this gentleman

of the border experimented south from are almost dry they moist, when Extension Division while proportions of exact the to determine fireproof, are unbreakable. The bricks

liquid which could straw and and mud soundproof, warm in winter, and cool be massproduced in uniform quality.

in summer, and apparently last forever. So now, after nearly a century, the d5riak am For not only are those first "Mormon"years have proved that the Saints in f ovivif homes still standing, but adobe bricks their need selected just about the best

made by ancient Egyptians and and most easily obtainable building maChaldeans have also been preserved in terial there is. umversity

Provo, Utah NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN {Concluded from page 651) rupted, and the wealth of this kingdome

Whereas in the Reigne of Our Most Dear exhausted by so useless a weed as Tobacco and Royall Father, King James of blessed is....

memory, several proclamations have been And First, Our Will and Command is

IN USE for OVER FIRY YEARS madeyet notwithstandingand publishedallconcerningthe care andTobacco,provihereafterthat no personplant, whatsoeverpreserve, ordoemaintaineat any timeany

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple dence which hath hitherto been used, we Tobacco which is, hath been, or shall be sore throat and other minor mouth finde the unlimited desire of gaine, and the planted in Our Kingdomes of England or and throat irritations. inordinate appetite of taking Tobacco, hath Ireland, or Dominion of Wales, or in the

so farre prevailed, that Tobacco hath conIslands of Jersey or Guernesey, or that the tinued to be planted in Great Quantities, in same bee utterly displanted and destroyed,HALLSSalt Lake REMEDYCity, Utah several parts of Our Realme, and a vast and that none resume or adventure to buy, proportion of unserviceable Tobacco made sell, or offer any such Tobacco, the same and brought from Virginia, Summer Islands, being utterly unwholesome to bee taken.

and other of our Foreigne plantations,... And Further, that no Tobacco whatinto imported bee from henceforth that those come to passe, And Our soever it is now Curios Marine SHELLS,SEA realms whatsofrom any source these Our in Florida. price listsLowest prices that Complete Plantations, Forreigne might become

for 25 varieties stamp. Florida shells named

31.00. Florida 50 varieties shells—$2.50. 50 useful to this kingdome, lingering onely upever.

varieties Florida and deleterious use of tobacco The was in are apparent danger 75 on Tobacco, to be Floridavarieties shells—$3.50.100 variforeignforeign—$5.00. it.. three is deleteryears ago; hundred utterly ruined,.; the bodieseties Florida and manners and andforeign—$10.00

A. HYATT VERRILL LAKE WORTH, FLORIDA of our people are in danger of being corious now.

658 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Your Pioneer Journal (Concluded trom page 636) ally these accounts fill the histories.Through these incidents we see the IMPORTANT TITLES

gigantic strength of our people, as they bore, by their faith, the trials of their rugged existence. The many

good Samaritans should have their mention, because the brotherly love DISCOURSES OF WILFORD WOODRUFF.

of a staunch pioneer will lift a reader compiled by Dr. G. Homer Durham. The direct,

to courageous heights. powerful teachings of Wilford Woodruff, fourth

S. of the L. D. of its president Church and one of you. part journal is now Your filM greatest missionaries, are to seekers as important learn something you will dayEach

after the truth today as they were when first given.additional about your pioneer backoooruli

is outstanding remembrance an gift... aground, and as the years go on, the This

$2.50. will that long be appreciated. jottings will grow into volumes. By

this time you will have gained a true perspective of your ancestors, their habits, and mode of living. Your

journal is now a valuable supplement $2.50

to history.

Somewhere down the line of your MINUTE compilation SERMONS—a by Alposterity will perhaps come a writer,

bert L. Zobell, Jr. Here are significant quotations historian., or storyteller—someone from the sermons and writings of L. D. S. Church

prepared to present to the world leaders, both past and present. They are short,

polished gems from your vivid and clear statements explaining or applying gospel colorful background. It will take but truths with powerful effect. Particularly helpful

a small effort on your part to jot to missionaries, teachers, and speakers. Condown today what you know of your venient pocket size. Price, $1.00.

background in connection with the settlement of the Church in the $1.00

West, and this knowledge will beTHEIRS IS THE KINGDOM, by Wendell J.come someday prized and valuable

information. Ashton. Here are biographical sketches of eight

choice characters from Mormon history: Aurelia

Spencer Rogers, Truman O. Angell, R. M. Bryce

L. Kane, George'To Fit the Burden Thomas,D. Pyper,EvanRichardStephens,Ballantyne,Thomas and Dan Jones.

(Continued from page 627) These characters exemplified in their lives certain

They know they're welcome, but of the beatitudes. The book will give you a

Ken and Lissa must decide for themgreater appreciation of those who made L. D. S.

selves what they want to do. They Church history—and will give you a deeper underare man and wife, a family unit of standing of principles set forth in the Sermon on

their own. We can only stand by."the Mount. Price, $2.00.

"And the next day,"the bitter voice persisted, "after all he had gone through—you made him get a HIS MANY MANSIONS, by Rulon S. Howells

deliberately, job. Mel- I say made of thirteen authentic Concise, analyses leading Christian religions. Unique

is that chart at feature comparative handy shows a glance conparallel and issa, because Kenneth left when Price, our flicting beliefs churches. $2.25. of various

place that night he had no intention,

UR, by Susa D. Widtsoe Y. Gates—Leah OF thought of hunting work the next THE PRINCEno

filled historical fascinating novel, with oriental romance A and of the in the story land Chaldees. of Abraham foradventure—theyour gift list. book A choiceday!"

Price, $2.00.

LvISSa's eyes fell before the THE QUEST, by O. F. Ursenbach

distinctive mark to reliveaccusing blue eyes of her motherin- Theof thestorytrueofchurch.one who Hereset outis a tobookfind thatthe "Pricelesswill cause Pearl"—theevery missionary

law. Here she was right. Ken hadn't his experiences. Price, $2.00.

expected to hunt work right away. SONG EVERLASTING, by Paul Bailey

But Lissa had been afraid to let him A beautiful story, woven with the richly colored threads of Mormon history, wait, to let him fall into a habit of belief,courage.andPrice,tradition$2.50.... a book that will add to your faith, and give you new

waiting and wondering and doubt- (See page G16 ior order form) ing.

His father had told her, just her alone, that he could give Ken a job if Lissa thought it best. But he hadunderstood when she had shaken her 1186 BOOKCRAFTSouth Main Salt Lake City 4, Utah

head. (Continued on page 660)

OCTOBER 1946 659.

To Fit the Burden {Continued from page 659) "Ken's got to find his own job, got HERE IT IS! Dad,"she had explained. "He's

to know that he is still a man, a man

A THUMBNAIL SKETCH OF MORcomplete and able in spite of his

MONISM, by Marba C. Josephson. A loss."

book that many have waited for! It is And Ken had got a job, a good

not a history, but a brief treatment of one, one he liked. He was writing

advertising copy for one of the city's the Mormon position—origin, doctrines,

beliefs, and practices. biggest agencies. They would bring

Ken a dress, and he would feel it

An ideal gift for the student, missionary with his long, sensitive fingers, hold—or for that friend who is not in the it to his cheek, imagine Lissa in it,

Church. and write about it so that women

Here are some of the topics would rush to buy it no matter treated: Recreation, Welfare and what it cost. Lissa had to smile a

Organization, Education, Docbit, remembering that, though he trine, History, $1.00

had been working only a few months, "These Latterday Saints marched write one that did. The most he had already had a raise—a raise

with their hymnbooks in their famous of these is William Clayhe had earned.

hands.... When the hymn had ton's 'Come, Come. Ye Saints.'"Yes, Ken could make his way all

not been written which would ex-—"A Thumbnail Sketch of Morright.

press their feelings, they would monism""And now,"the relentless voice (See page 616 for order form.) went on, "now you selfishly demand

a baby so that Kenneth will have to work on and on—no matter how he

feels or what it costs him. And not

too. You 1186BOOKCRAFTSouth Main Salt Lake City 4, Utah only work—but worry,

needn't tell me that Kenneth isn't afraid his good fortune won't last.

When some other man shows up some one who isn't handicapped—

again the mother's voice caught, Enjoy Better Living "he'll be pushed aside. He didn't

have to worry so much with just you.

Hd Li ili %*** 1 JtC 1 %*** J\ JL JLi 1 You can always earn a living, and no one could possibly hold it against

Kenneth that his wife worked. But

Electricity costs so with a baby—

"Babies,"Lissa corrected softly, little and does so "this isn't going to be our only one."

much in the terriKen's mother sank into a chair.

"How can you do it, Melissa?"

tory we serve. she asked. "How can you look forward to a life such as yours will

be? You'll have to give up have tojob—your

"Yes,"Lissa said, "I am giving up job."Utah Power my

in eyes. her & Light Co. Ken's mother looked at her, horror "I believe that's what you've

wanted all along,"she gasped. "Here

you are, young and strong and.JKb--Jkt*- whole—-and yet you want to be sup-

i ported by a man who has lost his dare. to earning. aid chief Youi IFOFFER. WE our Costumes used have youi didn'texcuse—without an working stop COMPLETE A THE ARE THEY YOU KNOWi wasn't head. SERVICE She her Lissa shook ENGRAVING or opera play for your BEST

i Largest Portraits to the Missionary From bitterly. production. thought she angry, exactly

<i Catalogues.

i INTERMOUNTAIN COSTUME CO. Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention "You used to understand me betre- the controlling said, ter,"shei City, Utah Salt Lake CO. ENGRAVING UTAH

i SPLENDID FILLED her. WITH within that 10 ROOMS burned sentment

St. Utah Salt Lake City, 113 Regent COSTUMES

i to be understandable. used "You

660 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

To Fit the Burden But you've changed. Oh, you've

changed, Melissa. If I can't appeal

sake, for then let Ken's to you me Get the Loader that behalf the children of you speak on are planning to bring into the world.

These good jobs are not going to last forever. Kenneth isn't going to be able to keep his job when more GIVESMVIO.RE

men get back. What can your children have, what can they hope to

have, but disappointment and poverty?"She bent her face into her

hands, and her shoulders shook.

Ouddenly Lissa realized what Ken's mother was saying. It

was horrible to her. Her head went

back. Her lips were a scarlet pennant, brave against the pallor of her

face. "Ken's children can have the proud right to hold up their heads and walk free,"she said. "They can

glory in this privilege because their father bought it for in them—paid

full for it!"Tears came into her eyes. "I knew you pitied Ken,"she FEATURES

sadly, said "but I thought you would pity. learn doesn't that he need You AT NO EXTRA COST haven't learned. 7PLUSGet these EXTRAS in convenience, ease of operation, greater

"You say you know Ken. I don't usefulness, and economy when YOU buy a loader. When you

think you do know him. You know thanchooseyou'da COATS,pay for youan ordinaryget all theseloader:added features, at no more

yourself—your own know-—with its love and heart,anguish youfor pickup"Miracle"withinTelescopingfew inchesFrame,of frontstronger,wheel; putspermits30% loadless

your child, your terror for his future. weight on front end, less pull on rear axle.

Maybe you knew the little boy, Ken. 23 WillCableenterarrangementand load inprohibitsbarn or frameshed withtwist7'noclearance.matter But you don't know the man or you where load is positioned.

would know that your way is wrong Tapered wood cone clutch; no slip, no bind.

control; prevents swinging. bucket Automatic 45 -—that he can do, and will do, whatcontrol; lever raises, lowers, one dumps bucket 6 Fingertip

ever is expected of him. If that is from driver's seat.

Three feet loading clearance. failure, well, then—but it isn't!"7

Fits tractor. attachments buck, bucket any rowcrop snow Hay a then paused She and moment

factory loader bucket. Strongest on loader gaurantee of any all fit "I clearly, said told haven't you this the gives market. dealer loader which today about Ask your

our news. I was hoping I wouldn't you MORE, or write for free circular NOW.

have to tell this part. But I do. Kenhas been offered a fine job in Detroit. MOUNTAIN STATES IMPLEMENT CO

We are going to move there."OGDEN, UTAH

Ken's mother raised her head. Her

face looked terribly old and ravished. His father also looked at

Lissa, disbelief struggling with sorrow across the fine features, so like You Can't ALWAYS Plan

Ken's, yet so different with the livid The FUTURE By the Past!scar across them.

Lissa went on, "I don't want pity, Just because you haven't had a fire is no reason why you won't.

either for Ken or for me—least of Don't judge the future by the past.

all for our children. I want them to Fire is a constant menace and may visit you any day.

have a normal life, with the normal Insure your property today and be protected against loss.

troubles and worries and deprivaBetter get your policy while you can.

tions of an average family. But no

pity!"Her lips twisted wistfully. "I UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.had wanted them to have their Heber J. Grant & Co., GENERAL AGENTS, Salt Lake City, Utahgrandfather and grandmother near.

( Concluded on page 662 OCTOBER 1946 661 TO FIT THE BURDEN {Concluded from page 661) girl had children—three beautiful "I've heard it takes grandchildren to

A child gets something from his children. Those children grew up really bring old folks to time. And

grandparents that he gets from no proud of their father's scars, looking we're going to have some, Les! Lissa,

one else, and what he gets is good. upon them with love and tenderness, darling, dry your eyes, and come tell

I had wanted that good thing for but never a hint of pity. If ever, in the girls. They'll be so happy."

our children. But it is better to deall their years at school, any child Lissa lifted her tearwet face. She

prive them of that one happiness made fun of those scars, he found knew what they were trying to tell than to have them grow up in shame, poor sport, for he learned that you her, but she must be sure. There

thinking themselves pitiful."cannot make fun of a badge of honmust be no mistake, for Ken's sake,

The older woman stared at the or. You cannot deride real glory. for their babies'sake.

girl. Then Ken's father's hand went Oh!"Ken's mother had risen de- "If you could go back, Dad,"she

to his brow in a gesture they all fensively, and Lissa went to her, "I said, "if you could change things, knew well, a gesture indicating utter knew those children well. I envied would you? Would you make your

weariness, and the scar stood out in them their father. I, who had never life easier than it was?"

all its ugliness, livid across his face. known my parents, used to think He looked down at her and gently

that if I could choose from all the lifted a wisp of golden hair that

Suddenly Lissa smiled. world, I'd want parents like these, clung wetly against her cheek.

She had her weapon now. Maybe brothers and sisters that walked "No, I wouldn't, Lissa,"he said

she could wield it with enough dexproudly, because they had a right to quietly. "I wouldn't make things

so.terity to win what she wanted most do back grows me—a man's

all.of "And gladly. he carries that is what I want for my easierto fit thefor burden

"I know a man,"she said softly, children. Ken has done his part. He But,"his voice grew wistful, "I

"who was the idol of all the girls he has earned his badge of honor. Now would like to make myself just a

knew, not only because he was good I must earn mine."bit more like that young hero you

and gentle, but because he talking was bit more worwere about—a

as handsome as and dashing wife!"any.Lissa was crying now, thy of a wonderful

knight errant. He was engaged to crying desperately. She turned, "That's what I want to do, too,

a proud and lovely girl, and then a blinded by her tears, and felt the Dad!"said Ken, out of the twilight

war came, and he went away to strong arms of Ken's father around that had fallen around them. "Has

fight. And when his fighting was her. She laid her head on his shoulLissa told you our good news?"He

over, he didn't want to come back to der and wept; all the anguish of the stood there beside them, his hand on

claim his lovely sweetheart. He silent battle of the past weeks, all the harness of the beautiful dog.

all of misunderstanding, the miserydidn't her, to burden want could who Lissa's answered, His mother and thought uncertainty her she hadhave her choice disthe with of men, a lifted the at heart in her note new bring to secret bright an would ownfigured caricature."all voice. Ken, so we're happy "Oh, in tears spilled she could end, over

Ken's mother wasn't watching not stop. for you. I can't help crying!"And

Lissa now. It was her turn to be Ken's father held her close for a she dabbed at her eyes with her

ridden by memories. Lissa saw the handkerchief. gently her he turned moment. Thenblue eyes the fluttering cloud with Ken laughed delightedly and against softer her face a and placedwings of long dead days. shoulder. squeezed his mother. His father took

"But the girl didn't see things that "There, there, Lissa,"he said tenhis son's hand and said, "Ken!"

way,"Lissa's young voice went on derly. "You need a woman to comThey stood there, face to face,

remorselessly. "The girl wanted her fort you. Men aren't much good at smiling, two soldiers, both proudly

love and her life. She wouldn't adtimes like this."He blew his nose bearing the marks of battle. Lissa's

mit that a German kaiser, away sharply. throat ached.

across the ocean, could rob her of Ken's mother held the girl to her. "American men!"she thought.

her dreams. So she married the sol- "We get old,"she said softly, "And they think they are not worthy

dier in spite of himself, and together "and we forget the strength and wisof us!"

they made their dreams come true."dom of youth. Sometimes our chilKen's mother said, "Come, dear.

Ken's mother knew that story betdren remind us of these things, and Let's tell the girls."

ter than Lissa did. The girl was sometimes we are too stubborn to be Across the lawn to the house the

half guessing. She couldn't know the reminded."She smiled suddenly. two women went, arm in arm.

secret struggles that had gone on in the other women's heart; she

couldn't that the fears know had THE CHURCH OF THE LIVING GOD in strangledbeen the deep shadows of the night or the courage it had {Continued from page 629) day but also to future generations as taken to give to a shattered man the Repent, and be baptized every one of you well, Peter said:

in the for the of Christ remisname Jesus thehope strength and needed. he is the and promise unto you, For to your sins, shall gift of sion the receive and ye thatShe did been had know a home off, that afar are children, to all even and of the (Acts 2:38.) Ghost. Holy

built faith call. children that shall the on as and as our Lord had God many

graced that home. To emphasize that this command (Acts 2:39.)

She said, "That soldier and that was not only to the people of that One of the clearest evidences of 662 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Church of the Living God

the need, not only of baptism but also of authority from God to officiate in his ordinances, is relatedin the nineteenth chapter of Acts Time where Paul met twelve men at Ephesus who claimed to have been baptized. When they told Paul of

their baptism, he asked them if theyhad received the Holy Ghost. They To

replied that they had not heard of the

Holy Ghost. From this statement

Paul realized that their baptism had been performed by an impostor, bysomeone without the priesthood of Change

God, and therefore without the right to baptize anyone or otherwise officiate in the name of the Lord.When they heard Paul's explanaOil!

tion, they were baptized again, after which he laid his hands upon them and they received the Holy Ghost.

Refresh your car with new Vico.

Tt seems conclusive from these Bible that Christ does passages conHelps make cars run better ordiof thesesider the observance nances allimportant.

But we need not go so far back as longer. At the VicoPep 88 sign.

the New Testament period to learn the absolute necessity of being obedient to the commandments of the

Lord and that it does make a difference as to what religious organization man joins. When Joseph Smith

was a lad, he became confused as to which church he should join after he had attended several different revival meetings in his home communi- 'mn**'ty. In all those meetings, the contending preachers tried to gain new

members to their respective churchesby trying to convince them that, "Lo, UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY here is Christ."To the humble,

truthseeking lad, the Father and the

Son appeared and answered his question of bewilderment by telling him to "join none of them."He was

also told by Jesus Christ that their creeds were an abomination in his ': ""

sight. He was instructed to remain

faithful and that he would be given tofurther instructions as he what The Quality inlatershould do. Joseph was

structed the necessity concerning of Soap for the resurrectedbaptism by John the

Baptist, who ordained Joseph andOliver Cowdery to* the Aaronic PARticular

Priesthood and then instructed them to baptize each other. Housewives!

Later, after this Church had been organized and converts had come to;-;,-- I i, ':; -

it from several other churches, the ( Concluded on page 664 OCTOBER 1946 663 THE CHURCH OF THE LIVING GOD (Concluded from page 663) For it is because of your dead works that question of the importance of bap- I have caused this last covenant and this tism arose. Some of those who had dayschurchof toold.be built up unto me, even as in

been baptized by immersion in order Wherefore, enter ye in at the gate, as I to become members of their previous have commanded, and seek not to counsel churches felt that it was unnecessary your God. Amen.

for them to be baptized again. The

From this the members of the Prophet hesitated until he went beof LatterChrist Church of Jesus in prayer. fore answer the Lord The

it is in that Saints are certain it is day is as important as he received convincing. It is contained in secerror to suggest that baptism, the

tion twentytwo of the Doctrine and sacrament, and other phases of the

Covenants, and is as follows: gospel are voluntary rather than

obligatory ordinances of the plan of

Behold, I say unto you that all old covesalvation.

I in this caused to be nants have done away

is, the The gateway to the kingdom of organization in the [that of thing...made with CINCH CORN Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday God is faith, repentance, baptism for

BREAD MIX. Each package conSaints ]; and this is a new and an everlasting the remission of sins, and the laying

tains ALL necessary ingredients. covenant, even that which was from the on of hands for the reception of the

Just water, add mix and bake. beginning. as administered by Ghost, Holy

Split Try this! muffins, fill with a to the Priestordained duly Wherefore, although a man should be those dab of butter baptized an hundred times it availeth him

and jelly and nothing, for you cannot enter in at the hood of God as restored to the replace in oven strait gate by the law of Moses, neither by world through the Prophet Joseph for a m inute your dead works. Smith.

or two.

Try Cinch

Waffles and A VISIT TO DAVID WHITMER

Cinch Hot (Concluded from page 625) session of all the faculties essential for

Cakes, Too.'

"Mr. Whitmer was in excellent accurate observation, hearing, and the

health and spirits, considering his adrecollection of statements made in my vanced age—he passed the allotted pepresence and within my hearing; and

riod of man's life more than a decade that, today, sixtyone years later, I since. He renews with undiminished still have a vivid recollection of the devigor the testimony which will make tails of that visit and the personality

his name undying in our Church hisof David Whitmer. His white hair,

tory."bright eyes, his modest and unassuming

yet dignified appearance and demeanorAS MAN EATS At the time our visit was made to still linger in my memory of the interestDavid Whitmer, he was eighty ing incidents of that day.

years of age; he was, apparently, sound AND DRINKS and well preserved, physically; he was The Deseret News—Supplement—of

We believe that, in large measalert, mentally, and possessed a wonJune 27, 1 885, which can be found in the ure, as drinks, eats and a man he. so is For food, nature has derful recollection of the sacred events library of our Church Historian's Ofgiven us fruits ol the sun and in regard to which we were interviewfice, carries the full story; and there

soil. These are priceless treasing him. My father had but recan be seen a full and complete coroures, conducive to health of cently celebrated his sixtyfourth birthboration of all that has been stated

mind. and body Besides these, day anniversary and was in the prime, above, in the beautifully expressed and stimulants. need no we

You who agree, will be interboth mentally and physically, of his intensely interesting communication, ested in a delicious drink that very busy public life: and I was signed by my dear father, and published

is made from grain and fruit. twentyfive years of age and in posto the world as hereinbefore stated.

And this delightful, wholesome beverage contains no caffeine, other stimulants, or narcotics.

FICGO is known to millions of people who think sanely about EUROPE'S VALIANT SAINTS FORGE AHEAD food and drink. It is made of

roasted barley and treeripened (Continued from page 623) to close most of the windows, which

California figs. It is a boon to ever through their hospitality and had heavy pieces of cardboard in

noncoffee drinkers admitwho rightly, tedly, enjoy and a friendliness. place of the shattered glass panes.

wholesome hot drink with their One of the sweetest spirits enWe continued the services in almost meals. Wholesome can FICGO a joyed in any meeting resulted from total darkness. Another group of be freely as recommended

healthful drink for the whole the surprise rebroadcast of the weektwo hundred Saints, after waiting family. ly Tabernacle choir and organ prountil curfew time for our arrival,

LEONARD H. BALLIF, President gram, over Radio Stuttgart { Gerwere required to remain in the shellCalifornia Ficgo Company many). The effect upon the minds battered meetinghouse overnight

Los Angeles, California and hearts of those assembled was and sleep upon the cold cement floor.

marvelous. In another meeting a During a series of seventeen meetsudden downpour made it necessary ings in Sweden, over fifty percent of

664 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA EUROPE'S VALIANT SAINTS FORGE AHEAD

Introducing those present at the wellattended a total of 11,981 persons participatservices were friends and investiing in the various sessions. The Sungators of the gospel, while in Finday evening meeting alone was atTHE TEN

land, with the exception of the meettended by 2,082, the Gold and Green ing held at Larsmo, almost one hunBall by 1,261 and a special musicaldred percent of those attending were concert, in which a missionwide COMMANDMENTSby nonmembers. Although we have chorus of two hundred fifty voices

only one member in Helsinki, Finand an eightyfive piece orchestra TIMBERLINE RIGGS land's capital, two hundred seventyparticipated, was attended by the author of five people were present, a number 1,021. The local broadcasting A Skeptic Discovers Mormonism

of whom could not understand studio made daily announcements Few people have ever understood the full either English or Swedish in which of this event for three weeks meaningsmandments.andThepotentialitiesauthor attemptsof the toTendiscoverComthe services were conducted. preceding the conference, large them.

Finland has been dedicated to the posters were placed on billboards... NO OTHER GODS BEFORE

preaching of the gospel of Jesus throughout the city and in the streetME idol worshippers are In what scheduled we way cars. government TheChrist Elder Taft Ezra Benson by is this tendency idol worshippingstill today? How furnish trains special to in civilization apart? and of necespulling How, our two to the invited aand Church open first this itself, to commandment obedience does for our transportation members sary it? exalt those obey who there. missionaries Sixmission have

been assigned to work in that land to this recordbreaking event. BLASPHEMY

second places command importance What assurances received have beenand unbridled list? the the harm thisdoes on What heartand of the most serious do? minds How uncontrolled of "mouthing"thisthat are the nation of people

or from knowledge it individual the does bar is that situations today to the ONErending ofanxious us hear testimony welcome and God?

of Millions Saints. refugee of our life. eternal ofwords

.. SABBATH DAY. THE the in are on today people Europe purpose did Is holy? REAL idleness What leaders national of Poland The

this command? with intend Late God or country. without home move, present us assured that thehave

government, although lacking full in June we met with one large group HONOR THY FATHER AND freedom, are guaranteeing religious of them in the village of Langen, THY MOTHER...

in the occurring of most Frankfurt, tremendous Germany, near What their extended have andfreedom of violation isthrough of hearts lossmen minds and secthose civilizarefugees are from is this wrecking this whom command? How establish to to the Churchwelcome profitable? worship ancestor Is tion? governed of tions by Germany now theirits missionary program among KILL SHALT NOT been have they THOU which from Poland,people. spoke, with Those whom we it kill? be to may people How causes What citito as evacuate unwanted forced avoided? officials, national severalincluding

of the one hunAbout ninety the zens. interested, sincerely andwere THOU SHALT NOT COMMIT living Saints refugee dred twenty imthe nation throughoutpeople ADULTERY

us. an with there assembled It was causes it? How what What favorably. Everypressed us most next rated is adultery Why may poor these to see inspiration memto murder?it beis avoided?adultery and in help will be extendedcourtesy and

faces, sitting upturned with... in this bersthe establishment of our work COVET SHALT NOT

in literally every drinking word lives, and how wreck covetousness does utTHOUHow country.productive but troubled ambition wrong? Is civilization? is ruining fervently singtered. hear them To Should one? successtul life"the "simple Is theit little—"the

"Y\7hile in Czechoslovakia, a monuing the songs of Zion, to feel their manwork learnof his totwocontenthands?"himself with

their of spirit deep and setting warmth ment, the commemorating gospel in the an THOU SHALT NOT STEAL abiding faith was preaching of thatapart land to the experience. During FALSE BEAR SHALT NOT THOU gospelof the Elder A. unforgettable by John

... not association one them with our WITNESS dedi24,Widtsoe on 1929, was July

off dishonesty thrift leave and does Where criticism or bitterness of was word in to willing go are you begin?cated Benson. President unHow by An

liar moredisthief or is a small the honesty? Whyfar of the group, spoken any member by spirit this fine in criminal? prevails What greaterusually than a case hopeless

life values does the petty cheat lose?mission, and the opportunities for although they have lost all their great

missionary work were never more earthly possessions and some of WHY MAN MUST BE HUMBLE

DETHAT PRIDE "THE families. does their entire how Sadness them and Whatfavorable. the missionwide During of Perdicauses a Son work? What STROYS"

Is filled later avoided? heart President this Benson's be danger tion and may how of theconference SwissAustrian Does "inferiority complex"? "humbleness"an of the president the with on when, "crawls"? the love who man God Basel, Switzerland, theMission at

the local Mission and West German built chapel,Basel completed and president, to out the Price, $1.00 Postpaid he drove years, dedicated branchduring the war was

on Easter as the crowning event of rough barracks where these people or you may have it FREE as an outstanding conference. are living. The first place visited

families single four in a housed had $reent CfjrtetmaS 9 Inspiring conferences missionwide in people room, twentytwo of all, if books worth $6.00 of me will purchase you held inhave also been lived. it slept, ate to I they to England, where mail you FREE. retail. and at Twomuch prefer

Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Holdecker bunk beds had been built See order blank on reverse of this page.

land, and the East German Mission, along the walls on three sides to acSend orders to the first since the war. The record commodate the group for sleeping. A

for attendance was set by the East small stove in the middle of the rough TIMBERLINE RIGGS

German Mission (Russian Zone) in board floor provided the only heat OVERTON. NEVADA

its conference at Leipzig, there being (Continued on page 666)

OCTOBER 1946 665 [|||||lliC]llllllllllllC]|IIIIIIIIIIIC3llllllllllli[3lllllllllll EUROPE'S VALIANT SAINTS FORGE AHEAD

Send me the following for {Continued from page 665) In Europe today transportation for the room and for the cooking. facilities, communications, and mails,

Beds were made up at night on the are badly crippled.CHRISTMAS floor for the younger members. The Perhaps the knowledge of these

occupants range from babes in arms distressing transportation and comPRESENTS to one woman past eighty years old munication conditions has been the

Almost everything their has in several in doubled people and young price the for oftrepeated reason warning,except books. good Solve your teens. middle Xmas

"It can't or "It's imposdone"beproblems building by up friends'your visit this additional Since and sible."library. small selection of A the best barracks more have commodious

Ibooks have read. President has Repeatedly Benson been purchased welup, and and set

THE TEN tentaCOMMANDMENTS told that the schedules been fare supplies are arriving in some book newA by Timberline Riggs tively impossible were arranged for in caring and assisting reverseSee side this page $1.00 quantity

transportation to keep and the their needs. most urgent As rapidly SKEPTICA DISCOVERS MORMONISM impossible to secure. ButBy Timberline as possible the individual family planned Riggs. Written for

young people converts. or new in spite of the impossible condi- A settled in units are being outlying"Mission by Mail."in its fifNow us, tions confront every which with and provided workteenth thousand $1.50 communities

SO TO SPEAK to which they are adapted. country in Europe in which the

By Elizabeth Von Hesse. A surprisAs this was being written, the folChurch has a mission has been visingly excellent course times, in public several visits being made lowing wire arrived: itedspeaking and carriage; interesting, in addition. Finland, to Poland andreadable easily and digested..$3.00 SCHWEIDNITZ (THREE leading military BRANCH governand TheRELEASE FROM NERVOUS TENSION ELDERS, ONE PRIEST, MEMONE authorities conmental have been DavidBy Fink, Harold M.D. The best BER, SISTERS, FOURTEEN TEN of itsbook kind in I have tacted ever all of read. these lands have and CHILDREN) ARRIVED YESTERDAY.Invaluable for those who would make SUFFICIENT FINANCES. ofthe most and best their /S/ PAUL been most helpful and cooperative. lives. $2.00

THINK AND GROW RICH HEILIG (BRANCH PRESIDENT) The most recent "impossible"inBy Napoleon Hill. Many successful EMIGRANT CAMP TAUCHA NEAR cident occurred in connection with

people admit the beneficial influence LEIPZIG, BARRACKS II, ROOM 2. our trip into Poland. Applicationsthis book has had on their lives. Over

a quarter million sold $2.00 How many of our Saints probably for permission to enter that land had

EAT AND GET SLIM owe their lives to the kindness of been submitted nearly three weeks

By Donald Cooley. Have read our departure scheduled from many servicebefore Saint Latterday of our somebooks on diet find but this the one that received assurances London and never be known. men willmost Wherever sensible and valuable $2.00

GOSPEL STANDARDS $2.25 we went among the Saints in the the applications would be speedily the evening before our Yet countries, wartorn achonored. heard weGOSPEL KINGDOM $2.25 for Berlin, departure from by plane counts of the the kindness, generosLIFE OF HEBER C. KIMBALL $3.00

LIFE OF WILFORD WOODRUFF..... $3.00 ity, and goodness of our servicemen. which point we were to board the

LIFE OF JOSEPH SMITH. Nibley $3.00 Throughout Europe today are small plane for Warsaw, approval for the

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH groups of men and women intensely issuance of visas had not been reBy His Mother $2.50 interested in the gospel through conceived. We left for Berlin without

The following are a choice selection of tacts they have had with some of our them, but with a deep assurance in the latest and best novels "armed missionaries."They have our hearts that the Lord would open

visitto before permit us our the way in kind been obliging most going and JESUS,KING Robert By Graves $3.00 this in the ing Saints land whose their out of of service. to be AlwayMIRACLES BELLS, THE OF By Russel is critical. plight arriving most Upon is their though greatly number now Janney $3.00

JOSHUA BEENE AND GOD, By Jewel reduced, they are still meeting toin Berlin the Polish Military Mission

Gibson $2.50 gether and holding services. As one was contacted, and we were inSPOONHANDLE, By Ruth Moore $2.75 of our Latterday Saint chaplains formed that a minimum of two weeks

SINGING WATERS. By Ann Bridge..$2.75 often remarked, "When two or three would be required for clearance.

IN A DARK GARDEN, By Frank G. get together, they hold a meeting. Finally it admitted the possibility

Slaughter $2.75 If there are more than that, they of granting visas within six days.

THIS SIDE OF INNOCENCE, By Tayhold a conference!"Much of the This was Saturday afternoon. Our lor Caldwell $3.00 credit for the spirit of love and unplane—a weekly freight craft—was

Check the books you want and mail derstanding existing among our leaving the following Tuesday as an order blank. They can come Saints today, as well as the spiritmorning. President Benson returned

C.O.D. if you wish. ually sound condition of many of to this office Monday morning and

our branches, is due these splendid received the desired visas within ten

SEE ADD ON REVERSE OF THIS PAGE emissaries of the gospel of Jesus minutes.

Send orders to Christ. The sermon of their clean,

sweet lives shines out gloriously \\7e thank Almighty God that he their the comradesin-arms before us has and opened way travels in TIMBERLINE RIGGS willamongever stand providing, the in our as a testimony of and OVERTON, NEVADA in power of the gospel in the lives of part at least, for the needs of the llllllllllE31llllllllllinilllllll]IIIC3llllllllllll[3llllllllll men and women. Saints and in making arrangements

666 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Europe's Valiant Saints Forge Ahead 60th FOUNDERS'DAY for even the most critically impoverNovember 15 the L. D. S. College will celebrate its sixtieth

ished to mistreated and enjoy a GxN measure of relief and the assurance anniversary, commemorating its beginning, November 15, 1886, that everything possible is being in a basement room of the old Social Hall. The school, which

done to insure their speedy rehabiliboasts a proud and colorful history, once consisted of three tation. Many of the problems faced departments: High School, Junior College, and Business College.

have been almost overwhelming intheir seriousness and magnitude, yet The lastnamed department continues to operate—day and

ways and means for their solution evening sessions, throughout the year—upholding the high ideals

have rewarded our efforts. Often that have enriched the lives of an army of alumni.

we have been constrained in our Former students are invited to participate in the class reunions, hearts to exclaim with the Psalmist

David, "What is man, that thou art general meeting, and evening dances on Founders'Day this year.

mindful of him? and the son of man, Information gladly furnished on request.

that thou visitest him?"(Psalm 8:4.)

Being among the favored witnesses who have seen the hand of the Lord COLLEGE BUSINESS LD.S.

Tel. 3-2765made manifest in so many marvelous 70 North Main Salt Lake City 1. Utah

ways, we rejoice in declaring anew that he lives, that he is mindful of his Saints and of his servants throughout the world whom he has called and sent forth to declare "the voice of warning"unto all people.

As President Benson comes to the end of his emergency mission and prepares to welcome Elder Alma

Sonne, who succeeds him as European Mission president, he is pleased to be able to report that the missions in Europe are making splendid progress, that the Saints are loyal and devoted, supporting their capable leaders and working unitedly with them in the furtherance of God's work. The understanding

and cooperation of the military and governmental officials in the countries visited have been most gratifying. Although conditions have

greatly improved since February 1, there are many problems yet to be encountered and many solutions yet to be found. But the spirit of love

and unity prevail; optimism and hope Royal Baking Company

fill the lives of our people; and perSalt Lake & Ogden

haps at no time have the need of, and the prospects for missionary work been more favorable than they are today. Truly, the valiant Saints

in Europe are forging ahead as never before.

HOTEL LANKERSHIM

7th & BROADWAY MODERATE RATES L. FRANKD. S. HeadquartersR. WISHON,in OperatorLos Angeles

RAY H. BECKETT. Manager

LOS ANGELES 'TWO PERSONS - ONE CHARGE'FISHER'S INSTANTCOOKING WHOLE WHEAT CEREAL

OCTOBER 1946 667

THE EDITOR'S PAGE ( Continued from page 62 1 enough upon the earth to see this orBook of Mormon, the Doctrine and

It is delightful to know that in this ganization double itself again in memCovenants, and the Pearl of Great department of M.I.A. there are apbership, and we can if we will do our Price, and each in his turn testifying

proximately one hundred twenty thoupart. that he knew that God lives, that Jesus

is is the Christ, that and Smith Joseph on. glad to are carrysand who When just recently T from Mexico came

If a prophet. our to did part each weSister here, stood Ruth up Fox May million thirty are there of where the carry our to homes, message own tellninetythree years young, to us what of Lehi, descendants the a only comto to departments, our our wards own in heart, that hershe realized had we parative of of him few know whom fields, mission stakes and and wonhowsince she the general president became that they and descended have know it derful be, the and would Lord would theof ImMutual Young Women's

I to prophet a of from God. happy was bless us us us and magnify and honor Association, livedprovement she has

in there see of our audiences one apwill. his to sought because had do we this see theto of organizamembership his of twelve proximately hundred

brethren and sisters, this morningtion more than double, and that is a descendants, our brothers and sisters, My wonderful thing to live to see. What and such a wonderful people. They the air is fragrant with flowers; the

is delightful; the shubbery and grassa wonderful thing it will be if you who met together as children of the Lord sun

are here this morning can live long and sang praises to him, using the are so beautiful and green; and here we

same music that we use, with the are assembled in the name of the Lord words interpreted into their own in this house that has been dedicated language. Our building there would to his worship. Whenever we come

not begin to hold the people; many of here, we should realize that we have

them were standing outside; and many an appointment with our Heavenly

of them stood the entire period of a Father. The meetings that we hold

twohour service, twice during the here, these religious services, are called at his suggestion, and he meets here cAXCOMPL1SHMENTshould always be the result Sabbath day. (See September Era, p.

that he with us has promised us, and energy when is expended. only just 556.) begun our have We

will bless his Spirit always be here to is America. Yet, like South Mexico work in a dizzily spinning

of the us. of part only a the homeland top, businesses many go the heart I congratulate with all my Lehi. of descendants Father have We 'round in the preparation of general boards of and Men's the Young thirty descendthousand of his about

advertising and get nowhere. ants in the South Seas, and what a the Young Women's Mutual ImproveMonth after month, the same wonderful thing it is to know that each ment Associations on the fine work that

thing happens again and time we bring the gospel of Jesus Christ they are doing. I want to say to

again and nothing is accomto one of his descendants and he rethem they must not lessen their efforts, that up, they all over must speed but it is ceives that witness a work, God's plished the but expenditure of this in lands, the land other and even in individual has another found a way dollars that could be made to carried of be message I. A. M. may life, in enrich his to turn to which he and

produce results. The function may divide the truth with our Father's our Father's other children, that they

of a printing organization toother children. may rejoice in hearing that message.

day is to help clients to plan Sometimes I fear that people think printing that builds sales we are egotistical. They may think /\NLY this morning I read a letter from

been one of our brethren had who little careless are a when we we to take copy and dramatize it, that also in Czechoslovakia. been He had truth. the have someWell, say we

make it so irresistibly attracbody has it, and it is certain that not in other parts of Europe. He had been

tive that it must naturally everybody can have it, if the confusion visiting some of his old friends that he draw the reader's attention. in the world is any indication. After met there when he was a missionary

The waste of which we speak hundreds of years of time have elapsed, years ago. And now he goes back to

find disrupted, countries find those to gone, races have and come is often due to lack of underpeoples of the the promises to the Lord distinction, to great have risen and that standing. Realization of this great nations have been builded and children of men have been in part fulhas made us sales minded. have passed away. How fortunate we filled wherein the Lord told his children

Your selling problem is our are in our day to have our Father come that if they would not repent of their problem, and our experience again with his Son Jesus Christ and desins and turn to him, sorrow would

I speak puts us in a position to print liver a message of truth to a boy not yet overtake them. The message

this of delivered thouman, and was by tell fifteen that years of him age and your sales story so that it will that of others sands going have been disthe is to that he has to be do work get results. seminated in all the world. It is a great out into the world for the past more

order that we have, my brethren and than one hundred years, saying, "Come sisters. I do not know of any other out of her, my people, that ye be not

Jke <Jje5eret r/tew6 group that can perform their part and partakers of her sins, and that ye redo their duty in delivering that message ceive not of her plagues."(Rev. 18:4.)

better than the group that are here Many of you are descendants of those today. who heard that voice, descendants of CreatorsPm56of Distinctive those who left their homeland, not for

PrintingBinding "\\7hat a wonderful thing it is to meet wealth, not that they might have disin a house like this, and to realize tinction among their fellows, but in

Phone 4-5521 that on this stand there have stood humility and with gratitude in their 29 Richards Street Presidents of the Church, one after anhearts they turned their backs upon the

Salt Lake City, Utah other, delivering messages as recorded civilization of the lands in which they.AmAJbBjIL in the Old and New Testaments, the lived to make their homes in the tops

668 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE EDITOR'S PAGE FALL of these everlasting hills and rear the to pieces, but it did not explode; and FILLS THE CALENDAR

temples of God in this land and in other now they are writing and saying, "Oh, parts of the world, that the message how wonderful it is to again have the that was so delightful to their ears Improvement Era; how wonderful it is Shopping Trips

might be delivered to other hundreds of to get that message from the tops of the thousands and millions of people beRocky Mountains, and how grateful we fore the time comes when our Father are for the little remembrances that in heaven said this earth will be cleancome from the Church of Jesus Christ GAMES sed and purified by fire and become the of Latterday Saints."

celestial kingdom of our Lord. Go economically,

"VSTe are sitting here in this house of

Now, we know that, brethren and God, where the voices of the comfortably by sisters. Do "we appreciate it? Do we servants of the Lord have been ringing GREYHOUND. Fishing Trips

really feel that sense of gratitude that now for nearly a hundred years. I wonshould be in our souls to our Heavenly der if we appreciate what it means and Frequent, convenient

Father for this opportunity that has what our Heavenly Father will expect schedules daily to to these of choice partakecome to us all blessings. for these us in return from anywhere in America.

thisblessings of wonderful our Lord in of parents the world out and came Our land. And then we have the comgave us the opportunity to know the

mand to go into all parts of the world, truth. Now it is your privilege and Compare Greyhound's low fares

and say to our Father's other children, mine, not only a duty but a glorious with the cost of any other means lives; that know God we"We let are privilege, light that shine our so to friendly call your of travel. Then at it. thatnot guessing know We lives will others seeing upright our be for Agent Overland Greyhound it is is not imaginathe Christ;Jesus to glorify of the constrained our name

tion. We know that the Lord has Heavenly Father. the most convenient time to

spoken again in our day, as he said This is M. I. A. we are talking about leave. You'll discover there's a

he would through his prophets in the today, and yet we have all the other bus leaving when you are ready.

Old and New Testaments. They told organizations represented in the memof time the the gospel when was of this to bership group. the We have

'again, parandcome are made now we in organization School finest Sunday all OVERLAND "', takers of it."One department of that the world. Our marvelous Primary GREYHOUNDgreat work that is doing such a splenAssociation is also meeting today in

did service in the world are the Mutual conference. The Relief Society has Operated by INTERSTATE TRANSIT LINES

Improvement Associations. been honored because of the outstanding service they are rendering. And so

T happen to be in correspondence with I might go on and mention the priest- a number of men, not members of hood organizations and the other dethe Church; some of them live in difpartments of the Church, each having

ferent parts of this country and some in the opportunity to render a service that

Europe. Only a few days ago I received will return to us an eternal dividend.

a letter from a man in London whom I I would like to say to you, my brethhave never met. I have corresponded ren and sisters, encourage your Mutual

with him now for twenty years, but I Improvement workers. I found down *"

have never seen him. We were inin Mexico that our Mutual Improvetroduced by correspondence. A man ment Associations are drawing the

city, this in thisliving knowing into people man, young the Church by the Meet your localwrote and to go and meet told me me dozens. is pleasing program to The

him. the place to he I went where lived them, they anything and have do not Insurance that thereheand found had and moved it else like in that land. I think that KOLOB

fore did not meet him, but I have folthere are approximately thirty millions Agent...lowed him by correspondence, and that of those people who do not know anyman has preached dozens of sermons thing about the gospel, and yet we sit Throughout four mountain states

eulogistic of the gospel of Jesus Christ. here in comfort in our homes enjoying the KOLOB seal is the sign of

He has taught the people regarding the all the favors the Lord has bestowed friendly and competant insurance of service. our than 300 more One things that the andBook of Mormon the children upon of men, they and yet

is of fellow agents townsman a with 1 pleaded have. about himwe his are five too daughters, sons and he and.. his yours. acquaintance make

years ago to come into the Church. I loves them. I come back to plead with today in the interest of wise insursaid, "You know the gospel is true. you, my Father's children: let us preance planning and protection that

Now, come on, while there is yet time."pare not only to do the missionary work really pays.

Since that time this good man, and he ourselves but where there are those Fire—Theit—Automotive

is a good man, and his wife, a wonderwho are not fortunate enough to have Contract Bonds—Marine

fully good woman, have been bombed means to go who would like to carry out of their home five times, their homes the message of life and salvation, let blown to smithereens. He was paraus supply the means. In Mexico they

lyzed so that he could not speak. Her are pleading now that we furnish a few

eyes were blinded so that she could missionaries who can speak the Spanish experience another thennot see. And

I ON after the five bombings.happened A language.on their program,That meansand howenoughmuchto bettercarry C OR P DRAT

bomb landed in front of their door that they can do it who can talk the native 330 Judge Bldg. Phone 4-84S1

would undoubtedly have blown them (Concluded on page 670)

OCTOBER 1946 669 THE EDITOR'S PAGE (Concluded from page 669) and these dear men and women that I tongue than those of our people who have worked with all these years. I

do not know the language but have to thank them for the encouragement and learn it. help that they have been to me during

And so this work goes on and on, my Mutual Improvement days, and I and instead of 50,000 or 60,000 Mutual pray that the blessings of our Heavenly

Improvement members, as was the case Father will distil upon them, that the in Sister Fox's early days, we have now energy and enthusiasm that they have 120,000, and you have only just begun manifested in the past may continue and to do the work that the Lord intended increase, that the joy that has filled the should be done. These programs that hearts of those who have been faithful

are given to you by the various departin the past will attend these active ones ments of the Church, Sunday School, and those who shall labor with them,

Relief Society, Mutual Improvement and after awhile when the summons

Associations, Primary, and all these deshall reach us and we are called to partments, the Genealogical Society, the other side, I pray that these who everyone of them, if they are propare doing this splendid work may have

TEA GARDEN also makes SYRUP erly carried out, will add richness to joy in the realization of the fact that

JELLY MARMALADE GRAPE JUICE our lives and will add understanding to they will find on the other side waiting our purpose in life and will give us joy for them many of those whom they because we will be the means of dividhave blessed, who will honor them and ing the truth with our Father's other revere their names forever.

children who need it. And if they but God bless you, my brethren and

understood it as we understand it, if sisters. Do not let us be idle. The time

they only had the opportunity, not only is short. The condition of the world

thousands of them but hundreds of indicates that we are living in the latter thousands of them would accept it. days. Let us not trifle with the sacredthe Christ ness of gospel of and Jesus SAYS

obligations that our the Heavenly "Recently the Newmont Mining A gain I express my gratitude for my with nation's larger Company, one of the its membership in this organization. Father has conferred upon us, but let mining companies, announced

intention of developing certain minIt has been about sixtyfive years us with love in our hearts for all men, in Utah. eral ground enWe should to since I became a member of the Mutual with love in our hearts for our Father's capital outside courage more

take of our in development a hand resources. ore Improvement Association of the Church other children everywhere, go forward each dollar of For

produced, 90c stays in Utah."of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, with that feeling in our souls that we,

and I want to say that there has never the Lord being our helper, will be been a year of that time, from then unworthy to be called his sons and daughtil now, that I have not been enriched ters in disseminating his truth and bringand blessed because of my membership ing its peace and happiness to the chilin that group. Surely the Lord has dren of men. I pray that this may be

heard the prayers of our loved ones our privilege and that when the Lord who have passed on and has given to shall call the roll of those who have us, those of us who are living today, been faithful, we shall find our ineternal truth, and has planted within heritance right here on this earth, in the

METAL MINING INDUSTRY our reach the opportunity to divide it celestial kingdom. I pray, my brethren

OF UTAH with his other children, many of whom and sisters, that we, every one of us, would be just as worthy as we are if will find our names enrolled in the they only had the understanding that Lamb's book of life, together with those we have. we have associated with here, and all

It is wonderful to be here with those we could influence, not one missBrother George Q. Morris, Sister Lucy ing, and I do it in the name of Jesus

G. Cannon and Sister Ruth May Fox, Christ, our Lord. Amen.

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS

(Continued from page 641) it is claimed, was Rigdon's. Joseph

gospel, and became a leader in the Smith appears to such students only a building of the Church. willing pawn in Rigdon's hands. 4

Proof has been sought that Rigdon These detractors of the Prophet's knew the young Joseph Smith, and claims also make Rigdon responsible chose him to be a blind for his own for the Book of Mormon. They say that

doctrine. He has been made an absurd, a Reverend Solomon Spaulding had

shadowy figure, known to no one, who written an Indian story which fell into came and went while training Joseph for a career of perfidy. Every doctrine the hands of Sidney Rigdon. He edited

of consequence in the Church has been and improved it, and sent it out through the corporation hands of Joseph Smith as the Book CHEMURGIC the of Sidney from mind to come

HEAD OfFICI jK 1 said of Mormon. the of through Joseph Rigdon mouth CALIFORNIA RICHMOND

Smith. Every principle of organization, 4W. A. Linn, The Story of the Mormons

670 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS Unfortunately, for these gropers in many other people, they were all the dark, the life of Sidney Rigdon is classed as mental cases. Moreover, the INDUSTRY well known. He was not a man to hide author blandly concludes that it was

behind others. Indeed the Prophet often only natural that Joseph Smith by inhad to curb Rigdon's desire for priheritance would suffer mental aberramacy. 5 tions. At times it seems to this author Unfortunately for these same perthat the Prophet was actually demented. SPEAKS

secutors, is also the fact that the RevUnder this explanation, the revelaerend Spaulding's manuscript story of tions to Joseph Smith, the existence of ancient America was found in 1884. It the "golden plates,"everything that he

has been published and bears no resemdid was a succession of psychological blance to the Book of Mormon. Drawn phenomena. If the Prophet was not in

by stern necessity to prove their thesis, a trance, then "automatic writing"was they who hold that Joseph Smith was an called into service. Apparently, so these

impostor who used the ideas of others, theorists would have us believe, Joseph are now of the opinion that there is Smith was never free from unsound another Spaulding manuscript, another mental behavior.

Indian story from which the Book of Unfortunately for this pretty theory,

Mormon was translated. "A man conthe facts do not sustain it. Whatever

vinced against his will is of the same issues from a deranged mind is usually Saluting industry throughout the opinion still."These attempts to catch disorderly and illogical. The structure

shadows on the wall are not only reared upon the revelations to Joseph Intermountain Empire, the Salt Lake laughable but ridiculous. Smith is essentially orderly in organizaThe final and conclusive act in this tion, and logical in doctrinal developTribune on Sunday, October 20 predrama of proving that Joseph Smith ment. The doctrine and organization of

was only the tool of others, came tothe Church of Jesus Christ of Lattersents "Industry Speaks."In 24

wards the end of Sidney Rigdon's life. day Saints, apart from its origin

career his longDuring Sidney Rigdon the instrumentality through of Joseph pages of beautiful rotogravure the that hintednever Smith Joseph he knew perto every competent Smith, appeal before he of Mormon. saw the Book logical son, as of unusual order and industry of the Intermountain states recited contrary heOn the in the prostructure. persons, many Many

phetic office of Joseph Smith over and books, have commented on the excelover again. When his son, John W. lence of the organization of the Church passes in review. This is at once a

Rigdon, asked him if he had anything to and its doctrinal coherence. It is one

do with the Book of Mormon before it characteristic of "Mormonism"agreed fascinating story of progress and a was handed to him in Kirtland, Sidney upon by all reputable writers on the

Rigdon testified again that he had had subject. stimulant to even greater industrial

to the ofnothing the founding with do various explanathe examining After first that ofChurch;"he the Book saw

satisfies growth throughout the Intermounthat there the tions is only one it printed, and when wasMormon all that rational answers mind, and to P. Pratt. Parley himhanded by

arising questions the from life of Joseph tain area.

falls explanation the second Thus is his explanation.: that of Smith He, own

Joseph Smith. a boy untaught in worldly learning, had

The third explanation of Joseph communion with heavenly Beings and You can receive this special rotothis rejects the other two.Smith Under instructed received he them; was by section gravure on Intermountain

reallast the explanation Joseph was the of plates translated the and Book of industry cost with one at no extraauthor but of "Mormonism"; he was aid, organized and by divine Mormon

selfdeceived; he did not try to deceive the Church under divine authority and month's subscription to the Salt

others. explanation the This rests upon buildAll did for the that he command. Lake Tribune. Just send $1.50 that sufferedhypothesis Joseph Smith latterday ing of the of kingdom God

from mental disease, epilepsy, and the came in like manner. As fact after fact to Circulation Department, Salt

like. When he was in a seizure by the is examined, Joseph Smith's own exLake Tribune, Salt Lake City 1.

actually these people so say, hemalady, planation of himself and his labors—Orders received by October 20 visions, the words and heardsaw the of logisimple, supported by witnesses,

which he later, when he was well again, cal wholeness and affecting a great will be sure to include the "Infollowers. to hiscommunicated The the only people one that dustry Speaks"section. for good—is therefore,Prophet, not a deceiver, was rational the Pure water mind can accept.

but a poor soul who suffered from haldoes not flow from an impure source.

lucinations, brought on by a deranged The doctors continue to disagree mind, was selfdeceived, and involunabout Joseph Smith. Therefore, LatterIt is others.tarily misled a Saints about have worry no need to perfect day author, of the prophet.whitewash One explanation the other one than any

a psychologist, has written a whole given by the Prophet himself. In this 7

book on this subject. He has examined matter the Church organized through

the Smith progenitors and because they the instrumentality of Joseph Smith were Godfearing people, who at times stands on a firm and stable foundation.

had dreams and told about them, as do The perplexity of the enemies of "MorHistory of the Church, Volume IV, p. 283 monism"becomes a source of amuseJohn7 I. WoodbridgeW. Rigdon,Riley,HistoryThe ofFounderthe Churcho{ Mormonism1:122, 123 ment to Latterday Saints.—J. A. W.

OCTOBER 1946 gJJoiiTToge avid Ours 193 Gidlow Lane, Wigan, England Method

Dear Editors:

T am enclosing a picture of the Wigan Sunday School, of the "Mrs. Brown certainly is a woman of rare foresight."

* Liverpool District. Five families are represented in this "Really?"

group with Branch President Herbert S. Webster at left in the "Yes, she makes her husband angry before sending him out

back row. I am the Sunday School supervisor of this Liverpool to beat the rug."

The Echo

"Do you really always have the last word in an argument wife?"with your

I "Sure, always say, 'Yes, darling.'"

Last Degree

"What did you take at college?"

"A course in husbandry."

"Then why did they give you a bachelor's degree?"

Spendthrift

"The bank has returned your last check."

"Oh, goody—what shall I buy with it this time?"

Mileposts of Civilization

fast will car go?"your "How

it if of photos I could forward District appreciate would and sixty billboards an hour.""Oh, about

in in the Schools, of seeing them the other three hope Sunday the Era.

Ten members of my family are in this picture, who have all Seasonable birth. Illness only regularly has School attended from Sunday hotel cold water?"hot have your and room "Does

mentioning, hardly negligible absence, so caused worth as to be in cold in winter.""Yes, hot and summer

It of nineteen is nearly age. years eldest daughter and my

sounds very much like boasting, doesn't it? But I am proud of

my family in the true Latterday Saint manner. Purposeful

Sincerely your brother in the gospel,

Clifford Hartley "You're going hunting?"

$ "Right.""But where are your pants?"

Dear Editors: 2815 Grant, Ogden, Utah "What did you think I was going hunting for?"

FOR many years I have enjoyed the poetry section of The

Improvement Era. It has been the source of many hours Strictly By Choice

of sincere pleasure.

It is a great privilege to belong to a Church that fosters and "I've got French blood in me."

encourages creativeness of spirit and mind. Truly it is a part "By your mother?"

of the Glory of God! "No, by transfusion."

Thank you for bringing me such enjoyment from your poetry section and for creating such a magazine that carries our gospel To All Must Come to all parts of the world.

Very truly yours, "Does your husband get what he earns?"

Caroline Hobson "Yes—that's why we're always so hard up."

WASHINGTON STAKE CHOIR

The Washington, D.C., Stake choir, Wade N. Stephens, director, and Stanley R. Plummer, organist, broadcast weekly over radio station WWDC,

presenting a program of onehalf hour. Jesse R. Smith is chairman of the stake music committee and president of the choir.

672 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Safeway's Farm Reporter keeps tab farmers on how easier, operatcut work IDEAS FROM make ing costs, improve crop quality. Safeway reports, (not necessarily endorses) his findings A NEISHBQff because we Safeway people

know that exchanging good

third of our customers are farm folks. FARM aideas helps everybody, including us. After all,

CfTRUStRBBS OF Developed to help citrus growers who battle pests with cyanide gas, this "strong arm"device may have possibilities for use on other farm jobs—

such as covering hay stacks, grain piles, or hot beds weather changesDoes Extra Job w/th when threaten. Foothill Ranch,

machine shown pt/itform on tractor lemon growers at Corona, Californnia, reports one tree to the next—here pullsabout100doubletents perthe hournumberfroma

handle. crew can hand Parallel pole apparatus Here's simple, a practical I idea being saw

is tractor, shown on mounted operated by power used R. of Falls, by C. Holden Idaho Idaho.

takeoff tractor engine. from Poles swing down, ItTielps efficient a do him more oneman job

tree, straddling tent so can attached to be pole ends. of digging sacking potatoes. and you can As

then Operator tent swings tree. and over up When see here, has built Holden a platform wooden

settled has tree, over covering completely, his tractor, of top this on and on platform is he gastent injected charge tent. under fumigation Ait piles sacks. potato empty the Then, as tractor

period is minutes 55 of about allowed per tree. the goes digging rows, potatoes, down Holden Tentpuller built Tustin was I saw by Manufacturtosses off his potato at sacks time. the same of Tustin, California. ing Company is This able to distribute he way the empty

sacks in the quantity needed, eliminating a separate operation.

WHY PRODUCE AT SAFEWAY IS FRESHER, MORE FLAVORFUL It's the difference between open highway straight a route /noI, a roundabout and with beset stop -andgo |... signals

"Screw "/dea cuts overflow waste of r/ce When harvested by bulk combine, thrashed rice or grain tends to pile up in a corner of the tank, causing a wasteful overflow. So it's common practice with

combine operators to have a helper riding up on the edge of the tank, his job being to keep the inflowing rice or grain distributed evenly. But R. B. Oliver, rice

Stuttgart, of this grower Arkansas, has licked problem another here, done, as way. can see you What he's is to helps give growers a better return.

place leveller across the a screw the top of bulk tank thrashed the grain pours. leveller This into which is Safeway buys direct, sells direct, to cut "inpower operated from the combine. It prevents piling between"costs.

up and overflow of the rice as efficiently as a man can.

quotes producer than lower prke offSTa surpluses move help to ready, stands Safeway possible made prices, lower at sells. so con-... distribution costly less u SafewavSt

sumci.3 -<"* ""

P the neighborhood grocery stores *<i&--,*is SAFEWAY:. {.; ff t

S- ferrate*?

1.-?*'f., f*Mg.<.%. *:THEfMPROVt/vW#*

... *?*rWreturn nfimjtyji&iSh

- flit, 5 'jfVl.

Jhe Vfear \jrow5 \J(d 'VC;S

: Autumn! Symbol of time's swift passing. The

season of growth is gone) the harvest will soon be oyer... and winter comes again! tSr V

Life seems permanent-—secure—when all is

well. But suddenly the hour is late. Opportunities are gone. W

Now-*--while you can—-carry life insurance.

'Protect yourself and your family against life's wintertime..

J%, a*. *<&

,:l;.|lij

..;:..,?.'',.

: -:...<":- see*?

';. v;:#/: -;.:,-

Jeorge Albert Smith, Pros. \&/ Salt Lake City, Utah