rovement Era August 1961 They're Going Places!!

Accredited by highest professional agencies.

All advantages of a big university; al

the friendliness of a small college.

These students, headed to classes after one of facilities.Beautiful new campus with finest study

the outstanding BYU assemblies, also are headed

Comfortable housing.

for leadership in the world of science, art, letters, education, business, religion, and the military beReligious education and church activity on campus.

cause they will be preeminently prepared. They

The nation's top lecture, devotional, constudy on the modern BYU campus with finest facert, assembly series.

cilities and an outstanding faculty trained in a hunSuccessful, democratic student activities dred universities and colleges. Academic standards program.

are high at BYU, but the effort pays off in the long Outstanding faculty in proper studentrun because BYU graduates are in demand over the teacher ratio.

nation. And there is a plus at this great Church uniHigh academic standards, with special

versity—the students receive academic, physical, and accelerated programs, scholarships, semester system.

spiritual education together in an ideal social climate.

CL|p AND MA|L -Remember These Dates TO: Public Relations Department Freshman Orientation Sept. 1316

Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah Registration Sept. 1819

Please send me more information about BYU. I am especially interested in Brigham Young

NAME

ADDRESS CITY STATE UNIVERSITY

PROVOUTAH: Every good eating occasion

calls for Crackers & Cookies m.: SB ssss,. by Supreme Bakers

BY DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS. JR.

Response of Senses

Research by Dr.

Roy Davis at Ox- f o r d University has found some interesting results on reaction time.

If a man is placed in front of two lights and told to press a key with his right hand when one lamp lights, and then a second key with his left hand when the other does, the reaction time is affected by the interval between the two events. If the second stimulus arrives after the first

reaction is over, the second reaction time is normal, but for every tenth For the right, light complement to of a second that the second stimulus warm weather meals, serve thin arrives earlier than the first reaction, and crisp Purity Supreme Saltines you have to add a tenth of a second to the reaction time. The second... so good with refreshing summer

stimulus seems to have to wait until soups and salads and your favorthe first is out of the way. Dr. Davis ite snack cheese and fruit...has also found that the messages

from various senses take different times to get to the brain. The ear The whole family will enjoy the

gets its message in quicker than the ovenfresh goodness of Supreme interfere witheye does, and can a Pecan Sandies and Supreme Cocoaasvisual response though it had come later as a visual stimulus. nut Chocolate Drop Cookies... special favorites for desserts, snacks ONE

and picnics. MFT Tide Electricity o

They're featured at your grocer's

France is now constructing a dam to help produce 575 million kilowatt now in the sparkling packages tradediamond the with Supreme of from tidal energy hours annual mmw, & w.m River estuary on the flow of Ranee next time up, stock you mark...

Brittany. of coast northern the A

shop! ntO** will utilize the half a mile widedam

high tide differential of 45 feet with 24 slowburning generators specially designed to operate with an alternating, instead of onedirection, water SUPREME SUPREME BAKERS current of slow tidal flow. DENVER & SALT LAKE CITY

AUGUST 1961 553 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterdau Saints.

Contents for August 1961 Volume 64, Number 8

Church Features

Editor's Page: True Beauty, President David O. McKay 566

Your Question: Is it a Sin to Kill Animals Wantonly?

President Joseph Fielding Smith 568

The Church Moves On, 556; Melchizedek Priesthood, "An Open Letter,"594; The Presiding

Bishopric's Page, 596.

ART AND PHOTO CREDITS

Special Features Era Art Era Staff, 553, 567, 575, 576, 578, 580, 583, 596, 612.

President Hugh B. Brown of the First Presidency, Nathan Eldon Tanner 570 J. Rulon Hales, 585.

Censoring the Joseph Smith Story, Part II, Hugh Nibley 577 DaleTed Nagata,Kilboum,596.602.

Celestial Family Organization, Parley P. Pratt (A reprint) 580 Era Photos

How to Teach the Word of Wisdom More Effectively LorinErnst Wittke,Wiggins,571.560.

Ernest Eberhard, Jr 582 Union Pacific Photo, 586.

Hard to be Understood, Marion D. Hanks 586 Era of Youth Art

Play Ball!, L. E. Rytting 588 EraVirginiaStaff,Sargent,4, 5, 6, 11.7, 8, 9, 10, 11.

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 590, 591, 604, 606 Era of Youth Photos

Ralph Clark, 1.

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 553; These Times: "Foreign Aid": a New Type, Lorin Wiggin, 2, 3, 6, 7.

G. Homer Durham, 560; Letters and Reports, 564.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

You Can Can and Save 598 Have You Met Moleskin? Eileen M. Hasse 602

The Last Word 612

Stories, Poetry

Hunter's Challenge, Ray A. Romer 574

Poetry 602 Westward Wagons, Edward R. Tuttle (Poem) 585

THE ERA OF YOUTH Following Page 612

THE COVER: The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, 11, Utah Withas a dramaticthe Salt Lakebackdrop,Temple

Editors; Editor; L. Evans, L. C. Editor; Green, Associate Richard O. Managing Josephson, and Doyle B. David Marba Managing recently Albert Brown, Hugh McKayEditor; Patricia Research Editorial G. Kinnear, Stephan, Middleton, Grant, Today'sL. Zobell, Carter Judith Pinnock, FamilyJr., President Florence John in as First called a the counselor

Editor; Editor; Editor; Associate Era Era Elaine Youth Youth Hanks, The E.The D. Cannon, Marion Art Directors, Reynolds and of RalphAssociates; Maryon,B. En article stands. Presidency, For an

S. Harris, B. Archibald Franklin G. Contributing Nibley, Editors. Sidney Durham,of Sperry, Jr., Homer Huch F Bennett, President on 570. see page Brown

T. S. Associate General General Bentley, Manager; Scott, Subscription Manager; F. Reeder, Business Bertha Manager, Director; Verl Snarr, A. Glen

is photography The Hal by Rumel. Advertising Representative. Regional Evans, JosephThayer

Inc., Copyright published Saints. All rights Funds, of Christ Associations 1961 by Mutual Latterday and of the of Jesus by the Mutual Improvement Church

reserved. price Subscription year, $3.00 a issues. for in advance; subscriptions, special foreign except in advance; single copy, $3.50 a year, 50c

Entered of Octoberat 1917,the PostauthorizedOffice, JulySuit 2,Lake1918.City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. Act

Improvement The Era a word and must be accompaniedis not responsibleby sufficientfor unsolicitedpostage formanuscriptsdelivery andbut return.welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of l'&c

Thirty days'notice cannot changes be madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof address.as well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Coverby DeseretlithographedNews Press.in full color

554 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FOR YOUR FAMILY NIGHT...

IN LIVING

SOUND

on 33V3 rpm longplay hifidelity records

This provides your family with the finest recording album, at no extra cost, are ten of Arnold Friberg's of The Book of Mormon. Two resonant voices al- "Book of Mormon"paintings in full color.

$49.95 ternate in the reading. The entire text is pressed Terms as low as $5 down—$5 a month.

on 50 unbreakable vinyl records (both sides), enProduced and distributed exclusively by cased in a magnificent album. Included with the Deseret Book Company

'ement of Beliefs of ih* Church of J&vs Christ or Latterday Saints

RE SEARCH

,u,i **: 1I

ORGANIST AND GENEALOGICAL ATLAS OF SEARCH AND RESEARCH STATEMENT OF BELIEFS OF

CHORISTER'S HYMN BOOK ENGLAND AND WALES Noel C. Stevenson THE CHURCH OF JESUS

elufor an Searching spiral binding metal LATTERDAY CHRIST OF A

Here's sive ancestor? keeps pages down Ariel L. Crowley SAINTS will help that in Smith,HarlandGardner and the book this book hymn new

edition so that it never A compilation of origyou find him. It offers A compact booklet that

needs propping open. inal maps of England innumerable sources of lists 55 basic beliefs of

Contains all selections and Wales that gives a research: official recthe LDS Church, points

found in the regular wealth of information ords, church and school out parallels between

LDS hymn book. Red to genealogical workrecords, family and the Primitive Church

or blue cover. ers. private sources, etc. and the Restored Gos-

$2.00 $2.95 $2.95 pel. $1.50

Deseret Book Company 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah Gentlemen: Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money order ( ) I

items: for encircled (numbered)

postage plus sales tax) 1 (include $1.60 DMGretiSiiBooh Co. have an account. Please charge. Amount enclosed $.. 44 East South Temple -- Salt Lake City. Utah..,j 2 3 4 5

Name...

Address City Zone State....

Residents of Utah include 3% sales tax.

AUGUST 1961 555 The Church Moves On CHOICE LDS May 1961The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder G.

Carlos Smith, first assistant general superintendent of the

Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association, as president of the Central States Mission, succeeding President Samuel R.BOOKS Carpenter. President Smith has the distinction of serving as the

president of three stakes, Holladay, Cottonwood, and Big Cottonwood, as stakes were organized and reorganized in suburban Salt

Lake City. He also served as counselor in the Big Cottonwoodmailed Stake for nine years and has served on a high council. Mrs. Smith

and two of their five children will accompany him to the mission field. right to The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

Melvin R. Brooks, bishop of the BYU (Utah) Eighth Ward, as

president of the SpanishAmerican Mission succeeding President

Ralph E. Brown. President Brooks served as a missionary in theyour door SpanishAmerican Mission, and has filled a stake mission and also

served in the Salt Lake Valley Regional Mission, and has been active in the auxiliaries of the Church on both ward and stake levels.

Mrs. Brooks and their five children will accompany him to the

field of labor.

San Leandro (California) Stake was organized from portions of Hayward Stake with the stake presidency who had served as it was organized five years Write for Free catalog of books, the presidency of Hayward Stake since and complete information on how ago sustained as the presidency of San Leandro Stake. They are

you can save 20% on each book President Milton P. Ream and his counselors, Elders A. Giftord

you order. Jackson and Orval L. Ostler. Elder Francis B. Winkel sustained

as president of Hayward Stake with Elders Sterling Nicolaysen and

Andrew G. Hunt as his counselors. San Leandro, the 329th stake

of the Church now functioning, was formed under the direction of

Elder Howard W. Hunter of the Council of the Twelve and Elder

William J. Critchlow, Jr., Assistant to the Twelve.

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

Roy M. Darley as organist at the Hyde Park chapel, London,

England. Elder Darley is assistant Tabernacle organist and

a member of the YMMIA general board.

June 1961

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

Grant M. Burbidge as president of the West SpanishBOOKS American Mission, succeeding President Leland M. Perry.

P.O. Box 400 President Burbidge is currently serving as president of the Pioneer

Salt Lake City 10, Utah (Salt Lake City) Stake. As a young man he served a mission in

Please send free catalogue of Church Argentina. He has been YMMIA superintendent in Pioneer Stake

books. No obligation, of course. and has served in a ward Sunday School superintendency. For

six years he was bishop of the Twentysixth Ward. Mrs. Burbidge

NAME and their daughter and three sons will accompany him to his mission assignment. The WestSpanish American Mission has

ADDRESS headquarters in Los Angeles. It is one of two missions in the

United States which labors with people of Latin AmeriCITY STATE can extraction.

556 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA William MacLaughlin, Manti plant manager, instructs Thora

Madsen, concerning a fine point in jacket manufacture.

Jackets from Manti are selling very well, thank you

So many persons, in Utah and elsewhere, up 34 per cent, exceeding our most optihave been asking, "How is your new plant mistic forecasts. It appears that Manti will

in Manti doing?"We're happy to report: be called upon to produce at maximum

"Just great!"It was the industriousness of capacity sooner than we anticipated.

attracted that people the us to Manti, Utah in present, the midst of a "back At we are first place. in the haven't been we And

effort. every course to school"Of we hope disappointed.

in school boy the West will be clad in a there operations began in midMarch. We Pacific Trail Jacket.

of July 1, over 48,000 men's and boys'As jackets have been produced. Our Manti If we can continue to sell jackets as well as

people really make the needles fly. We're Manti makes them, we'll soon build a big

proud of them. bridge across the Mississippi River. (Pacific

Manti came into our picture in the nick of Trail is the largest manufacturer of men's and time. Orders for our fall line of jackets are boys'jackets west of the Mississippi. )

PACIFIC TRAIL SPORTSWEAR Seattle, Washington Manti, Utah

AUGUST 1961 557 A TOTAL ELECTRIC The appointments of Mrs. Gwen S. Ward and Mrs. Adena S.

Gourley to the general board of the Primary Association was announced.

GOLD Elder Robert C. Seamons sustained as president of Glendale

(California) Stake with Elders Aubrey W. McCown and

MEDALLION dent EdwinSerge B.S. DibbleWoodruffandas hishis counselors,counselors. EldersThey J.succeedEarl GarrettPresiand Alton C. Wickman.

HOME The First Presidency announced that a new mission was being formed, the Chilean Mission, from parts of the Andes

Mission, and that Elder A. Delbert Palmer of Lethbridge,

Alberta, was called as mission president. The headquarters of

this, the sixtyfourth mission now functioning in the Church, will be at Santiago. President Palmer, at the time of this call, was

serving as a high councilman in the Lethbridge (Canadian) Stake.

He filled a mission in Argentina, 193941. He has served as a

member of bishoprics and as ward superintendent and as stake superintendent of the YMMIA. With him to this South American

assignment will go Mrs. Palmer and their two sons and a daughter.

The eldest son is expecting his own call to serve a mission. Elder

A wonderful new Parley P. Pratt and other missionaries arrived at Valparaiso, Chile,

way to live onworld.NovemberLittle missionary8, 1851, firstworkto presentwas accomplishedthe gospel tobeforethat partthey ofsailedthe

northward again on March 2, 1852. In September 1925 Elder

gte Melvin J. Ballard and others were appointed to open the South

American Mission. From this beginning the following missions

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. are now functioning: Argentine, Brazilian, Uruguayan, Andes,

Buy now from your dealer Brazilian South, and Chilean.

Preconference events began taking place in Salt Lake City in

SSSSSSTOgl behalf of the Young Men's and Young Women's Mutual Improvement Associations.

The sixtysecond annual conference of the Young Men's and Young Women's Mutual Improvement Associations // looks like cream opened today on Temple Square in Salt Lake City.

Elder Marvin J. Ashton was sustained as first assistant general

superintendent to General Superintendent Joseph T. Bentley of the

Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association. Elder Ashton

succeeds Elder G. Carlos Smith who has been called as president

of the Central States Mission of the Church. Elder Verl F. Scott

was sustained as second assistant general superintendent, succeeding

Elder Ashton. Elder Scott, business manager of The Improvement

Era, serves as president of the Canyon Rim (Salt Lake City area)

Stake. -pours like cream play Duringfirst presentedthe conferenceduring theseasonUtahPromisedcentennialValley,year thewas musicalrevived and played twice nightly to capacity audiences at Kingsbury Hall.

Especially for You, the dance festival, featuring seven thousand

MIA dancers, was presented tonight and is to be presented Saturday evening in the University of Utah stadium.

Saturday's sessions of the June conference were devoted to departmental sessions and workshops at various locations throughout Salt Lake City.

- tastes even better! Near the close of the Sunday morning general session of the

62nd annual conference of the Mutual Improvement Associations, President David O. McKay made this announcement

from the Tabernacle pulpit:

"There is one message I should like to give on this occasion to the Church. This morning four members of the First Council

of the Seventy were ordained high (Concluded on page 611)

558 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Wellknown construction superintendent Frank Lemperle with volunteer workers at site of new church building.

Postum is the natural wholegrain drink that warms the heart

Have a cup of friendship... have a cup of Postum. So many

leading citizens do. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals,

slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor. It's hearty,

hospitable. healthful, K INSTAHT t

Postum is 100% coffeefree, contains no caffein or other artificial stimulants. Ready in an instant, it's always welcome. POSTUM

Make sure you always have Postum on hand. \ NCafmnJK., If

ion gm 100% coffeefree Another fine product of General Foods

AUGUST 1961 559 THESE TIMES

"Foreign Aid": a New Type

BY DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

PRESIDENT. ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY, TEMPE

It is time for the United States and are 429,064,500 Moslems—nearly onenations (and they should more propother countries of the western world half billion. Then there are 12,169,- erly be considered such—in the

to undertake a new type of "foreign 330 Jews. Altogether these three present circumstances we lose

aid."What is needed is not really groups constitute nearly one and ground if they are not so recognized)

new. But we have overlooked it onethird billion people who have in need to pool their resources in all

too long. It is time our governments common the tradition and religious forms of strategy. The communists

seek to create the conditions under faith in God, the Father of all, Adam have been extremely successful in which this newold "foreign aid"and Eve, Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, "missionary"enterprise. The doccan go forward. The communists Joseph, and the other great prophets. trines of dialectical materialism have

have gone far enough. Policies of All three groups regard Jesus Christ been very well propagated in the

encirclement, containment, building as a great prophet, although only last century. It is time to rekindle

of alliances, mutual assistance among the Christians respect his deity. the vitality of the Christian missionthe western powers, plus the "forNevertheless, the world of Islam ary enterprise.

eign aid"programs of material narespects Jesus Christ as the greatest How? How can the Christian

ture require this supplement. The prophet of all, second only to churches and nations establish a

communists have been proselyting Mohammed. common ground for such "foreign

their views with altogether too much Red China, according to UN estiaid"?

marked success, especially in Asia mates for 1958, has a population and Africa. It is time for the naof approximately 670,000,000. The It will not be easy. But followtions of the Christian world to use USSR has a population (census of ing is a suggestion. The several

their political resources to open the 1959) of approximately 209,000,000. churches, each in its own way,

of find and means should ways the total for the challenge found in Combined, Soviet and Redway or its government to expressing the approximate Chinese populations 28:19:Matthew

"Go ye therefore, and teach all Christian population of the world. governments, its profound interest

nations,..."The Christian population, however, in having the conditions created

According to the Britannica 1960 is distributed through forty or more whereby the injunction in Matthew

Book of the Year, the total Christian states, only a few of which have 28 might go forward unimpeded.

population of the world is 869,923,- sufficient political strength to carry Khrushchev's latest boast is to the 820—nearly one billion people. There political significance. The Christian effect that there is more freedom in

560.HE IMPROVEMENT ERA

IN PEACE OF MIND VALUE!TOPS

SURVIVAL KITS by PERMAPAK! $11.95 NEW

F.O.B. Salt Lake FOOD CONTENTS: ChickenRice Dinner—Camp Stew—

Instant Mashed Potatoes—BeefFlavored Gravy—Multipurpose Food (MPF)—Diced Carrots—Instant Chicken

PERMAPAK Soup—Instant Beef Soup—Instant Pea Soup—ScramSURVIVALFAMIUV bled Egg—Oat Cereal—Pancake or Biscuit Mix—Syrup

Mix—Peaches—Instant Pudding Mix—Apple Sauce

Mix—Fruit Galaxy—RyKrisp Crackers—Cocoa Mix—

Nonfat Dry Milk Solids—Orange Drink Mix—Punch

Mix—Lemonade Mix.

SfiJ KIT ALSO INCLUDES THE FOLLOWING

Water Purification Tablets Salt

SURVIVAL KIT Heavy(for makingAluminumcookingFoil pan) SpoonsCups

FAMILY FOOD and EMERGENCY ITEMS Multiple Vitamin Tablets Matches

This Kit EXCEEDS PreMoist Hand Cloths Nylon Rope

Civil Defense Minimum 72Hour Fish Hook and Leader Safety Pins

EMERGENCY FOOD SUPPLY Needle and Thread Canned Heat

For family of 6 persons (Three weeks for one person) Cleansing Tissue Signal Whistle 54 MEALS for less than 17c a meal Survival Booklet (Threeday menu included with Kit) $11.95 F.O.B. Salt Lake Shipping wt., 19 lbs.

Contact local Post Office and send check for correct amount of kit

PERMAPAK'S FOOD STORAGE FEATURE and postage. Special Price for Church and Civil Defense groups.

OF THE MONTH UNIT NO. 8 $7.65

Shipping weight—10 lbs. Check with your postOther PERMAPAK Survival Items

master and send correct postage.

One No. 10 Prunes First Aid Kits (Johnson & Johnson)

10 No. One Fruit Galaxy Auto Kit 3.95

1 1 oz. Instant Beef Bouillon One

Travelkit 1.50

Canned Heat 05 Halazone Tablets per 100.30PERMAPAKIN 7-9479 per 1 000 1.69

3106 South Main Salt Lake City, Utah Blankets, partwool, 62x84 3.50

AUGUST 1961 561 the Soviet Union than any other country. Let us urge our governments to press relentlessly the challenge that if this be true, if he wants

to "race,"then defy him to open up his borders, guarantee safe conduct, the right to proselyte, and freedom for the Christian churches to undertake missionary labors in the USSR.

Do the same, without relenting, with the Red Chinese.

Nothing may come of such pressure, even should the governments respond and do it effectively on behalf of the Christian churches.

Nevertheless, if we really believe in our free enterprise, freedomof-conscience systems, we should make our governments as concerned about opening the channels of religious exchange, of missionary enterprise, as opening up the channels for trade, military missions, "open skies,"and other forms of cultural exchange.

It would seem to me that such a campaign would put heart and new vitality into millions of Christians everywhere. It would dramatize to

the noncommunist, nonChristian parts of the world our fundamental belief in Jesus'teaching that we should know the truth and that the truth would make us free.

According to a recent statement by

David Lawrence, American Protestants now place about 26,000 missionaries in foreign fields each year at a cost of $163,000,000. American

Catholics place about 7,000 missionaries in foreign fields at a cost of about $40,000,000. If Mr. Lawrence's statistics are correct, there

are at least 33,000 Americans overmissionary in Christian seas engaged THE NEW HOME OF a representing kinds, of all work

falls far LOS BUSINESS COLLEGE total$200,000,000.expenditureSucheacha yearsum of about

short of the cost of an atomic submarine or other elements of modern weaponry. 411 East Sonth Temple The Christian view of all men as children of a common father should challenge critical missionary enterBeginning Autumn Quarter 1961 this will be the address of prise on the part of all Christian the new LDS Business College Campus. Vacating its present churches. Among the 209,000,000

location at 70 North Main Street to n\ake way for additions Russians and 670,000,000 Chinese to the LDS Church general offices, LDS will take residence must be millions of individuals, of for knowledge longing in the new buildings about September 15, 1961. brethren,

millions Christ; the gospel of Jesus

The larger, more modern facility will house both the LDS who would respond to its liberating

Business College and its Institute of Religion. influence, who would find faith,

reason, and courage to resist cruel, godless, atheistic materialism. Quo

Autumn Quarter starts September 5 vadis?

562 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Would it be possible for all Christians everywhere to paraphrase

Romans 1:15? Rome nearly 2,000

years ago seemed inaccessible—

perhaps not as inaccessible as Moscow and Peiping appear to the

Christian churches and their missionary boards today. Nevertheless,

it must have taken tremendous courage and determination for the author of Romans to write:

"So, as much as in me is, / am ready to preach the gospel to you that are at Rome also"(Romans 1:15. Italics added.)

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, a relatively small organization, has more than doubled its missionary enterprise in the last decade. What might the results be

for the present world crisis if all

Christian churches could double their missionary enterprise in the next decade? Supposing the American, Rritish, Canadian, French, and

other delegates at the UN constantly, continuously, and with dogged persistence used that forum to insist on the importance of the freedom of proselyting behind the iron and bamboo curtains?

A new type of foreign aid is needed. Governments of the free,

western, Christian countries need to use their power and influence to open the doors of the world to the truths of the Christian revelation.

If Christian faith and works are placed behind such a project, given high priority, the grace of God may be added thereto. Rut if our foreign

aid is limited to tanks, tractors, warheads, even foodstuffs, "Who may abide the day of his coming? and

who shall stand when he appeareth?

for he is like a refiner's fire...."

(Malachi3:3.)

In these times perhaps the time has come to paraphrase Romans 1:1517 and render the words as

follows: "So, as much as in me is, I am ready to preach the gospel to you that are at Moscow and Peiping also. "For I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ: for it is the power

of God unto salvation to everyone that believeth; to the Russian first,

and also to the Chinese;

"For therein is the righteousness of God revealed from faith to faith:

as it is written, The just shall live by faith."

AUGUST 1961 563 GIVE THEM A HEALTHIER START!

INVEST

IN A

LEE HOUSEHOLD FLOUR MILL Stone grind your - flour a few hours Letters

Automatic. before baking

Portable bread and rolls Electric... sivean inexpenway to

Economical I get more and nutrition into

Order today! your diet.

Vitamins ofChoice 4 lost are on introSave oxidaby ductory flour in Reports tion offer. matter a

Send of days.

coupon Eat pure wheatwith check processor money by ed fororder you!

pkg.5- lb. Avoid

stone chemical ground addiday tives.

shipped.

LEE ENGINEERING CO. Dept. IE-8-61

2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee 1, Wis.

.... Deaf Smith Flour, 5-lb. pkg. ppd. Only $1.50

... Wis. Minn. Flour, 5-lb. pkg. ppd. Only $1.00

Name

Street City State FLORIDA YOUNG PEOPLE GET AWARDS

Pictured above are fifteen of the nineteen young people in the East Palatka Ward,

Florida Stake, to receive awards for Church attendance.

- ANNOUNCEMENT - receivedThe youngtheir individualmen receivedawards.their AaronicA specialPriesthoodaward banquetawards whilewas thegivenyoungthe womenyoung

people to celebrate the occasion.

For discriminating Mormon families ALASKA CALIFORNIA

ROBBINS TRAVEL offers GlayPicturedDan'l Bealleft ofis picturedThe youngleft is Joycemiss the Palmer Branch, McClellan of Santa

District, in Monica, California. HAWAIIAN TEMPLE theAlaskaAlaskanCanadi- Joyce is

Mission, Dan, at Bee, and Mia Joy, TOUR anthe an Honor sixteen, age of Silver Gleaner who 7 Days... Special Price $299.50 fjpsBBPm*r ak wasin thesecondbranchassistantSunday hasawardsseveralto herindividualcredit.

From Salt Lake—Depart Nov. 10 WHk. JBl School superintendShe likes to sing,

with stop at Los Angeles Temency and Scout leader in MIA. He was sew, and ski—No, not all at once!

also vicepresident of the Palmer chapter ple. Extra time and sightseeing of the Future Farmers of America and

can be arranged. Also monthly represented Alaska at the FFA national

Hawaiian Group departures. convention last year.

COLORADO FALL ORIENT TOUR ARIZONA Carol Anne Had30 days. Departing,n idOctober. Linda Giauque is ley of the Denver

Hawaii, Japan, Hong Kong, from the Mesa Eighth Sixth Ward, Denver Ward, Maricopa (Colorado) Stake,

Macao, Bancock. (Arizona) Stake. She was awarded Colo-

| is very active in rado's "Miss Future from $1700.00 \ ward activities and Business Leader of

| has been awarded America"award last her Honor Bee, Mia year. She plays the

Joy, and Silver piano and is an

Gleaner awards. She organist in her ward, She is also an expert

is a public speaker to typist. several enjoys Carol with awards swimming, horseback KOBBINS credit. ice in Italy. skating. Linda has a pen pal riding, and T R. A -V E l her

kkimtienal

564 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA H MHH YOU CAN

>,.- REDUCE!

with safe, delicious, economical

SURE MEAL

Get slim and trim with 2 Sure Meal servings daily!

Just mix tasty, nutritious powdered Sure Meal with milk or 2% milk for two lowcalorie (210241) meals a day. Then go ahead

OKLAHOMA and enjoy a satisfying 400 to 500calorie regular meal each day.

OR, have two equally nutritious but verylow-calorie (169) Sure

A young Oklahoma Latterday Saint of Meal servings, mixed with powdered milk and water, plus a subnote is Terry C. stantial 550 to 600calorie meal each day! Thus, unlike fixed 900Still- of the Thome

in the calorie allliquid dietaries, Sure Meal makes it possible for you water Ward

Oklahoma Stake. to fit your daily caloric intake to your individual weightreduction

is Terry an avid needs... and still allows one good regular meal daily to provide sportsman scholand

ar who has played the bulk and natural food your body requires.

on the mission champion basketball team, lettered has in slim daily! serving Then with just 1 Sure Meal STAY and trimfootball in track and school, is high and desire, healthful, figure the youthful having achieved Once you roll. ison the honor assistant in an He

the Sunday School superintendency, has you will want to hold your weight at that point by continuing with three Aaronic Priesthood awards, and is one Sure Meal serving daily plus two caloriecontrolled regularthe secretary his priest's of quorum.

meals. Then on occasion, should you gain a few pounds, you simply

return to two Sure Meal servings a day for a few days.

UTAH Sure Meal is safe—a food not a fad!

Sure Meal is scientifically formulated in an accredited West Coast

Alfred Turner Don laboratory and medically approved. It has been on the market for

of the Morgan Ward, Morgan ( Utah over 4 years... an established product used with real success by

Stake, has seven thousands of persons with weightcontrol problems. It is a complete

Aaronic Priesthood awards with 100% atfood, carefully balanced to provide in a lowcalorie diet every essentendance in Sacratial nutritional element the human system needs. Sure Meal helps

ment and priesthood meetings for all seven you trim down and still retain the buoyant vigor that comes only years. He has worked through proper nutrition, good food and regularity.

for the Morgan County News for over four years while attending school. He likes less!fishing, hunting, archery, photography, and Sure Meal costs up to 40%

dancing. Sure Meal costs as little as 19c per serving! Just compare this low

cost with any other product of its kind

IMPORTANT: Should you be suffering from any serious health problem, it is particularly wise to

consult your physician before going on a diet.

Bloomington, Indiana WOULD YOU LIKE TO BE A SURE MEAL DEALER? Wonderful profitDear Sir: maker for folks with spare time! Great fundraising project! Send

appreciate very the beauty much We of the its coupon for details. Immediate delivery on phone and mail orders. cherish Improvement Era and

everlasting truths. May our Heavenly Father Sure Meal is not yet available in food or drug stores.

continue to guide you in the production of this great magazine as he has done in the past so the counsel of our prophet Don Lyman & Associates For free delivery telephone EM 3-9674 and other pearls of great price may be 1 087 East 9th South Check desired flavor:

Salt City Lakeavailable 5, Utah to the Vanilla Defatted members of the Church interested friends Blandand Butterscotch monthly. MapleQ Please ChocolateQ rush the following quant- Q

in selling be interested SURE I may MEAL ities of MEAL: SURE

sincerely, Very Size 20Meal $4.75 name Q My

LeRoy E. Jackson 40Meal Size...$9.00 My address.

240Meal Size (case)....45.00 City Zone State..

AUGUST 1961 565 THE EDITORS PAGE, BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. MCKAY

The Church of Jesus Christ gives to woman a place men's souls. That beauty is chastity. Chastity

of highest honor. To maintain and to merit this without skin beauty may enkindle the soul; skin

high dignity she must possess those virtues which beauty without chastity can kindle only the eye.

have always, and which will ever, demand the respect Chastity enshrined in the mold of true womanhood and love of mankind. To know what these virtues will hold true love eternally.

are, let everyone think of his own mother. With Men are attracted by feminine beauty, and untold

her picture in mind, each will agree that "a beautinumbers are ensnared by it. There are men who

ful and chaste woman is the perfect workmanship look for nothing else but to have their senses pleased.

of God."These men, outward adornments will satisfy; and only

Anything, therefore, is to be most highly comoutward adornments will retain. When beauty fades,

mended and encouraged which has as its motive the this type of man seeks elsewhere. "Beauty is only

ennoblement of womankind—beauty, modesty, sinskin deep,"and when outward adornment is all a

cerity, sympathy, cheerfulness, reverence, and many girl possesses, the admiration she calls forth is even other sublime virtues, must be hers whose subtle more shallow than her beauty.

and benign influence is such a potent factor in the Woman possesses power to ennoble or to degrade.

progress and destiny of the human race. It is she who gives life to the babe, who wields

We do not discourage efforts to enhance physical gradually and constantly the impress of character beauty. When given by birth, it should be nurtured to childhood and youth, who inspires manhood to

in childhood, cherished in girlhood, and protected noble ambition or entices and ensnares it to defeat in womanhood. When not inherited, it should be and degradation, who makes home a haven of bliss

developed and sought after in every legitimate and or a den of discontent, who at her best gives to life healthful manner. its sweetest hopes and choicest blessings.

But there is a beauty every girl has—a gift from I said that chastity is a beauty that all men love. I

God, as pure as the sunlight, and as sacred as life. will not change it, for he who does not love chastity

It is a beauty that all men love, a virtue that wins all is not a man, but he should be sent back to nature's

1 JtvUJlL/ BE\UTY

566 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mint and reissued as a counterfeit on humanity's ta his passion; her chastity and honor to his soul.

baser metal. Such a man is not worth a pure maiden's The indulgences and pleasures that lead girlhood

scorn, not to say smile. away from the fundamental principles of happiness

Even vile men admire virtuous strength in woman. are shallow and shoddy, deceiving in their promises

I am reminded of Rebecca the Jewess and of her and ultimately disappointing.

power over Bois de Gilbert in Ivanhoe. In the tower Young women, the flower by the roadside that

she is confined a prisoner. Her captor enters and catches the dust of every traveler is not the one to

by his wily acts tries to induce her to give her life be admired and is seldom if ever plucked; but the

to him. How her true womanhood rebels! With what one blooming away up on the hillside, protected by

defiant scorn she answers his demand for her to a perpendicular cliff, is the flower with the virgin submit to her fate! perfume, the one the boy will almost risk his life

"Submit to my fate!'said Rebecca, 'and sacred to possess.

heaven! to what fate?'She threw open a window, The highest ideal for our young women today is

and in an instant stood on the edge of the parapet, love as it may be expressed in marriage and home with hundreds of feet between her and the ground. building, and this virtue in which love finds true

'Remain where thou art, proud Templar, or at thy expression is based upon the spiritual and not the choice advance—one foot nearer, and I plunge myself physical side of our being. If marriage and home

from the precipice; my body shall be crushed out of building be based upon physical attraction alone,

the very form of humanity upon the stones of that girls, your love will sooner or later become famished courtyard, ere it becomes the victim of thy brutality.'and home life a heavy, disheartening existence.

Her tempter was a licentious man, proud and merciMere outside adornment may please the sense of less, but Rebecca's bravery and virtue touched his many superficial admirers; the adornment of the soul

smoldering manhood and kindled within him a flame and the chastity of true womanhood will awaken in of honor and admiration. Rebecca's beauty attracted the soul of true manhood enduring love—that eternal

him; her honor conquered him. Her beauty appealed principle which some day will redeem the world.

YOUR QUESTION

Answered by JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH President of the Council of the Twelve

IS IT A SIN TO KILL ANIMALS WANTONLY?

question: "j am n0f writing this in criticism of the "And surely, blood shall not be shed, only for meat,

Church or even questioning whether the Church is to save your lives; and the blood of every beast will I

right or wrong, but it is something I have wondered require at your hands."(Holy Scriptures, Gen. 9:9-11.)

about for a long time. The scriptures seem clear to The inference in this interpretation is that the use

me that the Lord would rather not have man kill aniof the flesh of living creatures should be indulged in mals unless they are needed to sustain life; and in sparingly although there was no sin in the shedding

your "Church History and Modern Revelation,"you of their blood when required for food. There is no

present the same thought, even stating that killing inference in the scriptures that it is the privilege of for sport is a sin. I fully accept this as being true men to slay birds or beasts or to catch fish wantonly.

and have patterned my life accordingly. What I am The Lord gave life to every creature, both the birds

wondering is why this is not generally taught here in the heavens, beasts on the earth, and the fishes where so much hunting is done? I realize that many in the streams or seas. They also were comhunters eat what they kill; but to me this does not manded to be fruitful and multiply and fill the

justify the killing just as a sport. I would appreciate earth. It was intended that all creatures should be

it if you would express your thoughts on this subject."happy in their several elements. Therefore to take

the life of these creatures wantonly is a sin before answer: There is no statement in the scriptures the Lord. It is easy to destroy life, but who can

indicating that the flesh of animals and birds and other restore it when it is taken? Moreover, were not

living creatures was used as food before the days of all creatures commanded to be happy in their spheres

Noah. It was after the landing of the ark that the at least by implication if not by word? What a

Lord gave his commandment concerning the eating dreary world this would be should all life in the of flesh. heavens above, on the earth, or in the sea be reIt reads in the King James version that this permoved? What is more joyful to the ear than the

mission was given to Noah and those who came after voice of the robin on an early spring morning as as follows: he sings his song? The voice of the thrush, the

"And the fear of you and the dread of you shall meadow lark, even the bark of a friendly dog, each be upon every beast of the earth, and upon every of them expressing their joy for their existence? No!

fowl of the air, upon all that moveth upon the earth, Man should be more the friend and never an enemy and upon all the fishes of the sea; into your hand are to any living creature. The Lord placed them here.

they delivered. No doubt most of our readers have read the story

"Every moving thing that liveth shall be meat for of Zion's Camp on its fateful journey to the relief you; even as the green herb have I given you of their afflicted brethren. Even if you have, it is

all things. worth telling here. The Prophet Joseph Smith writes:

"But flesh with the life thereof, which is the blood "We crossed the Embarras river and encamped thereof, shall ye not eat. on a small branch of the same about one mile west.

"And surely your blood of your lives will I require; In pitching my tent we found three massasaguas, or

at the hand of every beast will I require it, and at prairie rattlesnakes, which the brethren were about the hand of man; at the hand of every man's brother to kill, but I said, 'Let them alone—don't hurt them!

will I require the life of man."(Gen. 9:2-5.) How will the serpent ever lose his venom, while

The Lord revealed this in a different form to the the servants of God possess the same disposition, and

Prophet Joseph Smith as follows: continue to make war upon it? Men must become

"Every moving thing that liveth shall be meat for harmless, before the brute creation; and when men

you; even as the green herb have I given you lose their vicious dispositions and cease to destroy

all things. the animal race, the lion and the lamb can dwell

"But, the blood of all flesh which I have given together, and the suckling child can play with the you for meat, shall be shed upon the ground, which serpent in safety.'The brethren took the serpents

taketh life thereof, and the blood ye shall not eat. carefully on sticks and carried them across the creek.

568 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I exhorted the brethren not to kill a serpent, bird, or gunner. The same may be said of those beautiful

an animal of any kind during my journey unless it creatures—the deer and antelope. If they should

became necessary in order to preserve ourselves wander out of the park, beyond the protection which from hunger. is established there for these animals, they would

"I had frequently spoken on this subject, when on become, of course, an easy prey to those who were a certain occasion I came up to the brethren who seeking their lives. I never could see why a man

were watching a squirrel on a tree, and to prove should be imbued with a bloodthirsty desire to kill them and to know if they would heed my counsel, and destroy animal life. I have known men—and they

I took one of their guns, shot the squirrel and passed still exist among us—who enjoy what is, to them, the

on, leaving the squirrel on the ground. Brother Orson 'sport'of hunting birds and slaying them by the

Hyde, who was just behind, picked up the squirrel, hundreds, and who will come in after a day's sport, and said, 'We will cook this that nothing may be lost.'boasting of how many harmless birds they have had

I perceived that the brethren understood what I did the skill to slaughter, and day after day, during the it for, and in their practice gave more heed to my season when it is lawful for men to hunt and kill precept than to my example which was right."(the birds having had a season of protection and not

(DHC, Vol. 2, pp. 7172. apprehending danger) go out by scores or hundreds,

We all realize that there are times when it is necesand you may hear their guns early in the morning sary to destroy animal life when it is the survival of on the day of the opening, as if great armies had met the fittest, and they become a plague to mankind. in battle; and the terrible work of slaughtering the

President Joseph F. Smith many years ago, gave to innocent birds goes on.

the youth of the Church this excellent counsel: "I do not believe any man should kill animals or

"I have just a few words to say in addition to those birds unless he needs them for food, and then he that have already been said, in relation to shedding should not kill innocent little birds that are not inblood and to the destruction of life. I think that tended for food for man. I think it is wicked for men

every soul should be impressed by the sentiments to thirst in their souls to kill almost everything which that have been spoken, and not less with reference possesses animal life. It is wrong. I have been

to the killing of our innocent birds, natives of our surprised at prominent men whom I have seen whose country, who live upon the vermin that are indeed very souls seemed to be athirst for the shedding of enemies of the farmer and to mankind. It is not animal blood. They go off hunting deer, antelope,

only wicked to destroy them, it is abominable in my elk, anything they can find, and what for? *Just or

opinion. I think that this principle should extend, the fun of it!'Not that they are hungry and need the

not only to the bird life, but to life of all animals. flesh of their prey, but just because they love to shoot

When I visited, a few years ago, the Yellowstone and to destroy life. I am a firm believer, with referNational Park, and saw in the streams and the beautience to these things, in the simple words of one of

ful lakes, birds swimming quite fearless of man, the poets:

allowing passersby to approach them as closely al- "Take not away the life you cannot give, most as tame birds, and apprehending no fear of For all things have an equal right to live.'"

them, and when I saw droves of beautiful deer Gospel Doctrine, "Man's Duty to Man."

herding along the side of the road, as fearless of the "And it shall come to pass, that before they call, I presence of men as any domestic animal, it filled my will answer; and while they are yet speaking, I will

heart with a degree of peace and joy that seemed to hear. The wolf and the lamb shall feed together, and

be almost a foretaste of that period hoped for when the lion shall eat straw like the bullock: and dust

there shall be none to hunt and none to molest in all shall be the serpent's meat. They shall not hurt nor

the land, especially among all the inhabitants of Zion. destroy in all my holy mountain, saith the Lord."

These same birds, if they were to visit other regions, (Isaiah 65:2425.)

inhabited by man, would, on account of their tameIs it not an excellent time for man to set the examness, doubtless become more easily a prey to the ple as the Prophet has said?

AUGUST 1961 569 BY NATHAN ELDON TANNER, assistant to the twelve

AND PRESIDENT OF THE WEST EUROPEAN MISSION

| Through the Prophet and President of the Church opportunity of growing up so close to and under the of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, and with the influence of President Brown, for whom I have the approval of the Council of the Twelve Apostles, the greatest love. This close association with him makes

Lord again has recognized Elder Hugh B. Brown as me want to share with others some of the more intione of the great and noble spirits who, like Abraham, mate events of his life.

was chosen before he was born. Throughout his life, His mother's influence has piloted him throughout

President Brown has dedicated his energy, his talents, his life. To him, and all who knew her, she was a

and every effort to the building up of the kingdom queen among women. Her unlimited confidence in

of God here on the earth. In so doing, he has prehis destiny and his ability to realize his potential have

pared himself most admirably for this high and holy been a constant source of strength and courage to calling which is the ultimate honor which can be to him as he has gone forward in his life. She it was

bestowed on an individual by the President of who taught him how to pray and awakened in him the Church. an everincreasing faith. The following bits of her

As Elder Brown has moved forward from one immother wisdom have helped to shape his life: "There

portant position to another, much has been written is nothing you can't do if you will prepare and behave about his life and the contributions he has made. One yourself.""The Lord and I expect great things of

of the richest blessings in my life is to have had the you.""Happiness does not consist of getting something, it consists of becoming

something.""Unless you are

willing to put everything you H have into the gospel, you are not worthy of it."

The love, the admiration, and respect which his brothers and sisters and their families

President Hugh B. Brown, formerly

of the Council of the Twelve Apostles, called as a member of the First

Presidency on June 22, 1961.

Zina Young Card Brown, wife and sweetheart of President Brown of over fiftythree years.

President Hugh B. Brown at his desk

in the Church Office Building counseling those who seek his advice.

I'JIUMH BpraaiaiBssaa

570 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA M

. -:: iW

AUGUST 1961 571 feel for him reflect his keen and sympathetic interests his first mission (to Great Britain at the age of 22.

in each of them. He had suffered for weeks with a severe case of

I still cherish letters which he took the time to kidney stones and President Grant, who was president write to me from different parts of the world while of the mission at that time, told him he was prepared he was serving in the army, away at school, and in to give him an honorable release and suggested that the mission field, and recognize the influence they exerted in my life. Even today when the accelerated

growth of the Church has increased the demands made upon the General Authorities, he still finds time to t extend a helping hand or an encouraging word to nieces, nephews, brothers and sisters, grandchildren HIGHLIGHTS IN THE CAREER and great grandchildren, and to all who need his help. OF PRESIDENT HUGH B. BROWN

During my mother's three years of illness, prior to her passing, he never missed an opportunity to drop in and exchange bits of humor and offer words October 24, 1883 Born, Salt Lake Valley, the son of Homer of encouragement. M. and Lydia J. Brown.

No tribute to President Brown would be complete 1900 Moved to Alberta, Canada, with without mention of Sister Brown. Fiftythree years parents.

they have been sweethearts. He has often confided,

"She had faith in me when I had lost faith in myself."19041906 Filled a mission in England.

As a granddaughter of President Brigham Young, and June 17, 1908 Married Zina Young Card in the Salt daughter of Charles Ora Card, colonizer of Southern Lake Temple.

Alberta and for whom Cardston was named, she 19101914 Served with Canadian Militia.

learned early what was expected of the handmaidens 19151918 Served with Canadian Overseas Forces, of the Lord. with rank of Major.

I was in their home the day that President Brown left for overseas duty during World War I, and I 1921 Admittedrister and tosolicitor.Alberta Law Society as barshall always remember her courage and devotion as

she bade him goodby. Although she was soon to 19211927 Served as president of Lethbridge Stake.

bear him their fourth child, her grief and anxiety at 1927 Moved to Salt Lake City and admitted their parting were well concealed as she smiled to Utah State Bar.

admiringly into his eyes and buckled his sword to 19291935 Served as president of Granite Stake.

to his belt.

Many years later when he was called to preside 19371940 Served as president of British Mission.

over the British Mission, it became necessary for 19421946 Served as coordinator for LDS Servicehim to precede his family into the field. "If it is the men.

will of the Lord, I can do it,"seemed to be her motto, 19441946 Served as president of British Mission.

and she crossed the Atlantic with their family of young 19461950 Member of faculty, Brigham Young Unichildren at a later date. versity.

It seemed many years would pass before they made an Atlantic crossing together, for when World October 4, 1953 Called as an Assistant to the Council of the Twelve.

II was declared, she and the children were required to return to the states while President Brown remained April 6, 1958 Called as a member of the Council of in Britain to evacuate the missionaries. The effect the Twelve.

of such faith, love, and devotion cannot be measured June 22, 1961 Called as a member of the First Presinor appreciation of it expressed. dency.

It has ever been so, the chosen of the Lord must serve an apprenticeship in suffering even as Job,

Paul, and Christ himself. President Brown has served

his well. His first real trial came while he was filling

572 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA he return home. Elder Brown answered, "If you will missions throughout the world, he has touched the

give me a blessing, I will not need to go home."lives of tens of thousands of young people. His

President Grant gave him a blessing, and Elder Brown talents, his high ideals, his sense of right, and his was made well and completed a successful mission. keen sense of humor, his faith in the young people,

It was in Lethbridge, Canada, in 1926 that the first and his interest in the solution of their problems all attack of tic douloureux struck him. According to the endear him to them and place him high as their

medical profession this disease causes the most champion. To his children and his children's chilexcruciating pain of any known malady. Neither its dren, he is an ideal, but a very human, loving, and

cause nor its cure are known. For nineteen years he understanding one. No problem is too trivial for him

suffered intermittent attacks, all the time carrying on to consider. While they respect and admire him, he

his regular law practice and serving as president of is also their pal, and there is seemingly little differthe Lethbridge Stake, later as president of the Granite ence in their ages as they exchange loving banter.

Stake, and still later as president of the British His love for them is exhibited as tenderly as

Mission. While in Great Britain it became imperative their mothers'.

that he go to the Mayo Clinic for surgery. The Another experience which is characteristic of his

operation was termed successful insomuch as his life life happened during the early days in Cardston was preserved, but the removal of the segment of the when an attempt was made by the Canadian Governcable nerve caused a paralysis of the right side of ment to organize a militia in that area. An officer

his face, including half his tongue. Though this was dispatched to call for recruits, but neither his

condition, which still exists, has been a great handicap, appearance, his personality, nor his tactics evoked he has met it and carried on uncomplainingly. He much confidence from the Mormon boys of the

still gets a twinkle in his eye as he recalls the time prairies. He returned to headquarters with the report

when President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., asked him at the that the Mormons were not loyal to the crown and

close of a sermon, "Hugh, if you can do that well with should be expelled from the province. Whereupon,

just half a tongue, what would you do with a Senator W. A. Buchanon, who was then a member of

whole one?"the House of Commons and knew the Mormons,

Though he has had many other discouraging exarose to the floor of the House and said that such periences, he refused to become discouraged, and, was not the case. He promised that if he were

remembering the words of his mother, "Sometimes we permitted to contact the proper source, he could are called upon to validate our faith in the crucible assure them a full contingent. He wrote to President

of suffering;"he has always called upon the Lord to Edward J. Wood and encouraged him to send some

give him the faith and courage to carry on. His is of his most devoutly enthusiastic members to train as

the philosophy that if you choose to go from one officers. This was done, and President Brown was one

mountain peak to another, you must also travel the of them. These LDS officers had no trouble at all

valleys in between and prepare for the darkness and in securing the needed quota of recruits. They were

marshes and other entanglements. The light of anxious to follow leaders who inspired their confithe gospel is that beacon which will see you dence and whom they could emulate. So you see,

safely through. President Brown's entrance into the military life

President Brown is beloved throughout the actually was an extension of his missionary work.

Church. Perhaps it is the youth who claim him as To President Brown we offer our love and devotion

their own. As Servicemen's Coordinator for the and our prayers for wisdom and strength to meet the

Church for a period of five years he visited all camps challenge of this new calling. To our Heavenly

in the United States and most of the camps in Canada Father, we bow in humble gratitude that he has and Great Britain, bringing courage, hope, and blessed him with trials and the strength to overcome inspiration to tens of thousands of our young men them, which was necessary in the preparation of when they needed it most and which, according to his servant.

their own testimonies, kept many of them from going Indicative of his humility and his desire to be astray and brought happiness to their lives. As Presiworthy of his forebears, his associates, and his posterity

dent of two stakes, as adviser and instructor at is a poem, "I Would Be Worthy,"which he wrote in

BYU, and as a General Authority visiting stakes and his book Eternal Quest: (Concluded on page 610)

AUGUST 1961 573 t Hunters Challenge

Pangs of hunger were insistently gnawing at Pete Hansen's stomach as he inched his flattened body forward. With aching muscles, he dragged the

highpowered rifle along beside him, keeping it low so that the sunlight glinting off the barrel would not warn Triple Toe of his approach.

Just a few more yards, then a carefully aimed shot, and the bear would be dead. The five hundred dollars reward money would more than

make up for the past two days'sole fare of dried jerky, and the last two nights spent huddled beside a blazing fire that had to be replenished

every hour to keep marauding mountain lions away.

With five hundred dollars, he could finally pay off the balance of the mortgage on his small ranch. It would mean the beginning of a more prosperous future, a future far removed from the past ten years during which he

had been able to give his wife and two children only the barest of necessities because of the mortgage payments plus the high interest rate.

These thoughts filled Pete's mind as he slid through the short grass onr his stomach. He stopped every few inches while his left hand snaked forwardw to clear the way. Every pine cone, every twig that might snap under his

weight had to be carefully removed from his path.

He was high up where the air was cold. A slight sound would carry

far across the thin atmosphere and send Triple Toe and her two cubs scampering away before he had a chance for even one good shot.

Upwind from him the trees of the forest gave way to form a small clearing beside a pool of water which was fed by a mountain stream. It

was there that the mother bear and her two cubs were rolling playfully on the ground, completely unaware of the danger that was approaching.

Several dead trees, still standing, bordered the clearing. There were

deep claw marks high on the trunks, mute evidence that the bear had been here many times before in other years.

The only sounds in that vast wilderness were the rustle of the stream as it flowed to its destination, the threshing sounds of the rollicking bears, and now and then, a soft "Wuff"from one of the cubs.

The sharp silence made Pete's ears ring, but it could not affect the inner excitement he felt. If all went well, he would soon be able to give his family

some of the luxuries they longed for.

Triple Toe, so called because she had only three toes on her left front

BY RAY A. ROMER

AUGUST 1961 575 paw, had first appeared in the spring five years before. made a perfect target. At this distance, he couldn't

Pete had discovered the stripped bones of a stray miss, and the feeling of elation was overpowering.

calf in the brush near his ranch house, and had noted This was the climax!

the curious threetoed imprint of a bear's front paw. He cradled the rifle against his shoulder and slowly

After that, other ranchers scattered over the whole leveled it. He centered the crossed hairs of the

of Idaho's primitive Salmon River country had retelescopic sight on the shaggy, massive head midway ported seeing the bear's tracks near some freshly between the bear's eyes. His finger applied pressure

killed and consumed animal. to the trigger, squeezing slowly, gently.

She had always managed to elude hunters until There was a sudden blur of movement as a huge she became almost a legend. Stories about Triple paw smacked the water, and a ten inch rainbow

Toe were myriad, some true, some false, but still trout came skidding up from the depths of the pool no one could get close enough to her for a shot. to go flopping through the air. The trout was deftly

Finally a five hundred dollar reward had been posted caught in the jaws of a ball of brown fur. In a moby several ranchers for anyone killing the bear. ment the fish had disappeared, a satisfying morsel

Pete had succeeded in tracking her when others for a cub bear.

had failed. She had killed an old ewe three nights Startled, Pete released the pressure on his trigger

before at his ranch. He finger, and stared, his

had discovered the still mouth agape, unable to fresh remains the following believe what he had seen.

morning and had recog- "Well, I'll be darned."

nized Triple Toe's prints. His lips formed the words

He had been furious. He soundlessly. "First time I

couldn't afford the loss of ever heard of a bear any of his animals. He fishing."

had vowed that the bear He rubbed his eyes, and wouldn't outsmart him. looked again. Triple Toe

He had nearly lost the was standing in the water, trail when Triple Toe took her head bent, eyes intent to the river, but after on the depths of the pool.

searching the opposite bank What he had seen had for several hours, he had been no figment of his picked it up. The trail imagination.

had soon disappeared again Thoughts began racing into a section of rock and through Pete's mind. If

shale. He had circled the almost any fisherman knew

whole area until he found of this small pool and the tracks once more. After stream, what fish weren't

that the bear had made no attempt to hide her sign, already caught would be so terrified by man's clumsy and he had followed easily for the remainder of methods that the fishing would be ruined for years two days. to come. Yet claw marks on the trees indicated that

With his glasses, he had spotted the clearing from the bear had been here many times before. It was

a rise of ground behind him. He had left his horse uncanny that she should know when to stop taking

and had approached on foot. The last distance he fish from the water so as not to scare the rest of

had crawled along on his stomach. them away.

He came around the end of a fallen log. The The bear had never killed except for food for her

trees had thinned out, and now there was nothing and her young. He had only lost two animals to

between him and the clearing to obstruct his vision. her during the past five years. He remembered the

The rollicking had stopped. Triple Toe had dog that had killed fourteen of his young lambs one

lumbered to the pool and was standing immobile night the year before just for the sport of it. It had

in the center in two feet of water. Her cubs were returned the following night, but he had been waiting

several feet away from the bank watching their and had shot it.

mother with interest as she stared intently into the This bear was undoubtedly one of the smartest depths of the pool. animals he had ever seen, smart enough to always

Outlined against the blue sky behind her, she keep something in (Continued on page 592)

576 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CENSORING THE JOSEPH SMITH STORY

BY HUGH NIBLEY, PROFESSOR OF HISTORY AND RELIGION, BYU

PART II

Suppressing the First Vision Story after 1842:

In 1842 J. Turner gave the following resume of Joseph Smith's story of the first vision:

"Joseph Smith was, as he states, in disgust with all the sects, and almost in despair of ever coming to the knowledge of the truth, amid so many contradictory and conflicting claims. He resorted to prayer for 'a full manifestation of divine approbation,'and

'for the assurance that he was accepted of him.'This occurred sometime in the winter of

1823."24 This is the whole story as Turner tells it; the first part is obviously taken, as he

avers, from Joseph Smith's own story, but the other parts, actually put in quotation marks as if they were Smith's own words, are not found in that story at all. Turner has

reedited the story until there is virtually nothing left of it.

In the following year an ambitious study in the Dublin University Magazine describes the first vision thus: "Into this cloud of glory, Smith,"says the narrative, "was received,

and he met within it two angelic personages, who exactly resembled each other; they

informed him that all his sins were forgiven."25 Here again there can be no doubt that

the story is told from the original, but those allimportant words, which Joseph Smith puts in italics, which identify the heavenly visitors, and which give the account of the vision its unique status are completely omitted. That the omission is studied and

deliberate appears from the statement of the editor that "every part of this tale is an obvious plagiarism from Mohammed's account of the first revelation made to him in the cave of Hira."For "every part of this tale"has certainly not been reported, the most

obvious parallel of all, the very words with which the Father introduced the Son on the Mount of Transfiguration, being deleted. Why should young Smith have gone to

Mohammed when the Bible, as Eduard Meyer points out, presents much closer and much more readily available material for plagiarism?

In 1851 the American Whig Review reported: "Occasionally he was heard advancing contradictory statements concerning the discovery made by him of certain gold

plates.... These various stories gradually assumed form, and in aftertimes, the story told...

was as follows."Then comes Joseph Smith's account of the revivals and his perplexity,

and then, "one day, as he retired to a grove for purposes of prayer and meditation, an angel from heaven appeared... prophesying that he should be the founder of a sect

destined to be greater than the others. He was directed to search the summit of the

hill Camora [sic],"and told "... he was to be married to a woman described to him, and

whom he should know as soon as they might meet; and was to prepare himself for the

labor of translating by diligent study of Coptic. In 1827 he might return and claim

the book."26 The thing to note is that this wild hodgepodge is confidently put forth as

the final, official Mormon version of what happened, after that version had been in circulation for at least thirteen years.

In the following year (1852) Gunnison's famous work on the Mormons appeared, in which the story of Joseph Smith is told from the beginning "according to his autobiography";

AUGUST 1961 577 and yet the first vision is nowhere mentioned, the checking himself in the nick of time.

appearance of Moroni being put forth as the first This article was printed again with manifestation seen by Joseph: "Judging from what some changes in 1863, but with still

he says in his autobiography,"writes Gunnison, "... no indication of who the heavenly

his prayers were answered by a heavenly vision,"beings might be. 28

whereupon the author proceeds to tell of Moroni's And here is the complete story as visit. 27 told by J. Reynold in 1855: "Smith beThe Edinburgh Review of 1854 takes the prize with came interested for the salvation of

this: "Young Joseph amused himself by... fixing his soul, and prayed fervidly in a

the attention of his pious friends upon himself, by an grove near his father's house in Pal- 'experience'more wonderful than any of theirs.... myra, and at last the darkness gave

'I saw,'said he, 'a pillar of light above the brightness way and the light descended from of the sun, which descended gradually until it fell Heaven until the whole country was upon me...."Joseph Smith's own story is then illuminated with a dazzling brilliancy

given right up to the words "standing above me in that was indescribable."29 That, as

the air,"where—it abruptly breaks off with the comwe said, is the whole story.

ment, "He goes on in his 'Autobiography'(from One of the most famous antiwhich we quote) to say, that these heavenly mesMormon books was John Hyde's sengers declared all existing Christian sects in error, Mormonism, which goes so far as to and forbade him to join any of them."28 Again the report that "Smith pretends to receive

allimportant part has been skipped, our critic his first vision while praying in the

uic cucaiy wineii nciu mc uuuuu. vviicu tuc uyui icaicu upisxi

me I saw two personages, whose brightness and glory defy all description, standing above me in the air. One of them spake

unto me ">Wy-4\&m&*m jJpjBttwptwg <f i THIit l"ly lHkiy 'SuiA, Imai HimlPcionul

HMhpM%foee4HEwymg; "fcey—inquinfc ofthe

n "'wlTMr tg'mhMFt all Hit Jliiu wuu ilghtm* I mitkuu lW

uf ni g mlf, mil i l jvitv. m NlTMJUI leT, U UgftffUfg, flfd fjl puSSgftftUil

mr in thr light) nl i i i ir ii f i i ll l ln m i In mma xijhtuManrl, jyfajrih

4*11 wiuwytB SPU me aid Ilia I 14 thoif cre tt t it. iimr 'iimuj 11 pup

sr.fhaf "t.hf)f. ei"

M ""h; "h '—* """-- MlJ L"j "JJ L m"*"J

tiipp$ When I came to myself again, I found myself lying on my back, looking up into heaven.

Some few weeks after I had this vision, I happened to be in company with one of the Methodist preachers, who was very woods. He asserts that God the Father and Jesus An official history of Ohio, 1875, assures us that

Christ came to him from the heavens."Hyde speci- "Joe Smith's story is as follows: 'He says that in the

fies the time as April 1820. Yet having admitted so year 1820, as he in a retired place was earnestly

much, Hyde covers it up later in his book when he engaged in prayer, two angels appeared to him. They

writes: "Joseph Smith, born in 1805, sees an angel informed him that God had forgiven all his sins, that

in 1820, who tells him his sins are forgiven. In 1823 all the then religious denominations were in, error,

he sees another angel."30 This is an interesting examthat the Indians were the descendants of the lost

ple of how a critic will refute himself to discredit tribes, that these writings were safely deposited in a

Joseph Smith's story. secret place, that he was. selected by God to receive

One of the first and most important antiMormon them, and translate them into the English tongue."34

books to appear in a foreign language was T. He says all that...?

Olshausen's Geschichte der Mormonen, 1856, which And listen to the once highly touted Mrs.

recounts: "As Joseph Smith completed his sixteenth Dickinson:

year of life (1822), he began to think about the "In 1821 there was a revival in the Methodist, salvation of his soul. He frequently went to a retired Baptist, and Presbyterian churches at Palmyra, and

spot in the forest to pray. After he had prayed some of the Smith family declared they were 'confervently and often, and thereby removed the powers verted.'... Joe asserted a partiality for the Methodists,

of darkness by which he was possessed, he saw one but ultimately declared that he could not decide day a bright and glorious light, his spirit was carried which was right. He said that... he gave himself

away and he saw two bright figures...."31 But up to prayer for days, 'agonizing,'that the truth

like the others Olshausen gives never a hint as to might be made known to him among all of the conwho the bright figures might be. flicting opinions that he heard among these different

In what pretended to be a very sophisticated and sects; that suddenly his chamber was illuminated, an

objective study, J. deRadius wrote in 1864: "Whether angel appeared and conversed with him, instructed

from insanity or sheer hypocrisy, the lad professed to him in the ways of righteousness, and informed him have been favored, while in prayer, with a miraculous that there was no true Church on earth. He was

vision. 'A pillar of light descended upon me/ he says, further told that his prayers were heard, that he was

'and I saw two personages standing above me in the 'dearly beloved of the Lord, and should be comair.'They assured him that his sins were forgiven, missioned a priest after the order of Melchisedec—

and that all existing churches were alike in error. organizing a church of the faithful persons in that

His vanity led him to proclaim his vision, and the line to receive the Lord, in the Millennium. In a

persecution which he says he met with... made him second visit the angel informed him 'that the truth

only the more obstinate."32 should spring out of the earth';..."35

Then in 1867 came Pomeroy Tucker's immortal It would be hard to do a more careful job of work in which the first vision is described thus: garbling the first vision story.

"About this time [1827] Smith had a remarkable R. W. Beers'version is remarkable for the fulness of

vision. He pretended that, while engaged in secret detail with which it leads up to—nothing: "Joseph,

prayer, alone in the wilderness, an 'angel of the in his own account of his early life, says that he 'beLord,'appeared to him, with the glad tidings that came somewhat partial to the Methodist sect,'but he 'all his sins had been forgiven,'and proclaiming was not able to decide which was right. In his

further that all the religious denominations were bewilderment he gave himself up to prayer for days, believing in false doctrines, and consequently that that the truth might be made known to him among none of them were acceptable of God as of His all the conflicting opinions that he heard among

Church and Kingdom;'also he had received a promthese different sects; and finally a heavenly messenger

ise that the true doctrine of the fulness of the gospel bade him not to join any sect. And three years

should at some future time be revealed to him. afterward, in September 22, 1823,"etc. 36

Following this, soon came another angel, (or possibly In the same year W. Messaros wrote: "In 1820,

the same one) revealing to him that he was himself young Smith pretended to be converted at a Methodist 'the favored instrument of the new revelation.'..,"33 revival and was received into the Church. The next

The distortions and omissions, as well as the typical month he claimed that he saw a vision of the Saviour

Tucker embellishments, are quite apparent; charand several Apostles, who informed him that his sins

acteristic is the lavish use of quotation marks, making were forgiven, and that he had been chosen to preach it appear that Tucker remembers the very words of a new gospel on earth, holier than any that had been

Joseph Smith, forty years later. hitherto taught. Before (Continued on page 605)

AUGUST 1961 579 CELESTIA FAMILY ORGANIZATION

BY PARLEY P. PRATT IN HIS PUBLICATION,

"THE PROPHET,"PUBLISHED IN NEW YORK CITY, 1845.

Man is an eternal being, both in regard to his material the plainest of all reasons, viz., the celestial order,

organization and his mind and affections. The resuris an order of eternal life; it knows no death and

rection from the dead restores him to life with all consequently makes no provision for any. Therefore

his bodily and mental powers and faculties, and all its covenants and contracts are eternal in their (if quickened by the celestial glory) consequently duration, and calculated to bind the several members associates him with his family, friends, and kindred, of a family in one eternal union.

as one of the necessary links of the chain which conOur venerable Father Adam took our Mother Eve nects the great and royal family of heaven and earth for a wife when the human family and the world in one eternal bond of kindred affection and assoin which they lived was as free from death as God ciation. The order of God's government, both in time and his throne. We would now inquire what kind

and in eternity, is patriarchal; that is, it is a fatherly of contract was made between them, and also how

government. Each father who is raised from the long was it to endure? Was it after the power and

dead and made a partaker of the celestial glory in its union of an endless life? or was it made to serve a

fulness will hold lawful jurisdiction over his own momentary purpose, till death shall separate? The

children and over all the families which spring of them answer is obvious. This marriage contract must have

to all generations, forever and ever. been eternal, or else it must have admitted the

We talk, in this age of children becoming of age, sinful as well as cruel idea of a divorce and final as it is called, and we consider when they are of age separation during their lives; for let it be borne in

they are free from the authority of their father. But mind they had no death in view and no idea of ever

no such rule is known in the celestial law and organ- 1 being subject to death, even for a moment, at the ization, either here or hereafter. By that law a son time the contract was made.

is subject to his father forever and ever, worlds. Again, Paul opens a mystery, viz., that we shall not

without end. Again, we have a rule now established all sleep in the dust; but those who live at a certain

in the earth by which a woman becomes the wife time will be changed in a moment, in the twinkling of a man, and is bound by law to him till death shall of an eye, and will be caught up to meet the Lord and separate. But in the celestial order it is not so, for so ever be with him. (See 1 Cor. 15:51ff.) Now as

580 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA some of these will doubtless be husband and wives, on the contrary it is clearly revealed that he will we would inquire when their marriage contract will always be subject to him. Now this same Jesus

be fulfilled and come to an end? They agreed to be prayed to his Father, as testified by the Apostle John,

each others'till death should separate (that is, if they that his disciples and those who believed; on their

were married by the usual ceremonies which now words might be one even as Christ and his Father exist). And behold, death cannot separate them; for are one; not only one with God and Christ, but also

the change from mortal to immortal will be one with each other in the same manner and in the instantaneous. same sense that they are one. (Jonn 17:11*) Now

Again, Christ came to "deliver them who through suppose, in fulfilment of this prayer, a man and his fear of death were all their lifetime subject to children were his disciples; and finally in the eternal

bondage."(Hebrews 2:15.) Therefore, after the world, they became one with each other in precisely

resurrection, men live and live forever, as though the same sense that Christ and his Father are one, death had never been. In view of this, God declares would not these children be subject to their father in

himself to be the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, the same manner as Christ is subject to his Father?

who have once died; and yet he claims not to be the Certainly they would.

God of the dead, but of the living. Adam, the venerable patriarch and sovereign will

Again, Paul speaks of another great mystery, viz., hold lawful jurisdiction over Abel, Enoch, Noah,

"that every man should love his wife even as Christ Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, Joseph, Moses, the prophets, loves the church."(See Eph. 5:25.) Now we would apostles, Saints of all ages and dispensations, who

inquire whether the love and consequent union of will all reverence and obey him as their venerable

Christ and his Church is to come to an end by death, father and lawful sovereign. They will then be

and a final separation takes place in the world to organized, each over his own department of the come? Or whether, on the other hand, the union is government, according to their birthright and office,

more perfect and complete in the other life than it in their families, generations, and nations. Each one

is in this? All agree that the love and union of Christ will obey and be obeyed according to the connection

and the Church is eternal, and that it not only conwhich he sustains as a member of the great celestial tinues in the other world, but it is made perfect family. Thus the gradation will descend in regular

there. This being the case, it leads us to the irredegrees from the throne of the Ancient of Days with

sistible conclusion that the love and union of a man his innumerable subjects, down to the least and last and his wife should extend into, and even be more Saint of the last days who may be counted worthy perfect in eternity, or else Paul was very wrong in of a throne and scepter, although his kingdom may, telling every man to love his wife even as Christ perhaps, only consist of a wife and single child.

loves the Church. Such the order and organization of the celestial

Having established the fact or principle of eternal family, and such the natures of the thrones, princiunion between man and his wife, we will now propalities, and powers, which are the rewards of ceed to establish the eternal relationship and authordiligence. This kingdom, organized and established

ity on one hand and obedience on the other that upon the earth in its beauty and order, will be ready will exist between parents and children. for the Son of man. He will then come in the clouds

To illustrate this principle we have a beautiful and of heaven and receive it to himself. Adam and all

plain precedent. Jesus Christ and His Father conthe patriarchs, kings, and prophets will still be subtinue to be one in their affection and union since ject unto Christ, because Christ was in the eternal

Jesus rose from the dead; and he still yields obedience world, the first born of every creature and the beto the commands of his Father, and has also revealed ginning of the creation of God. Hence in the patrithat he will continue to do so, when he has put down archal order, he (Christ) rules by right of birth.

death and all rule and authority and power. "Then I now wish to say a few words on the subject of

shall the Son also be subject to the Father."(See matrimony and also on the subject of raising and

1 Cor. 15:28.) We hear nothing in all this subject educating children.

about Jesus Christ ever being of age so as to be free Who that has had one glimpse of the order of the from all further obligation to obey his Father; but celestial family and of (Continued on page 603)

AUGUST 1961 581 oo OW TO TEACH "THE WORD OF-i The writer, in cooperation with Elder Kenneth themselves. Let them teach one another. This results

Sheffield, coordinator of seminaries in the Ogden in a peer group attitude and influence which is far area, recently completed a survey of over nine hundred more effective with adolescents than is adult control.

students as to their suggestions for teaching the Word In all the suggested activities, teachers would draw of Wisdom more effectively. They were asked to students into the activity whenever and however posrespond to three questions: sible, no matter how small or insignificant the partici-

1. What can the Church do to strengthen you in pating role may seem to the teacher. They would

your determination to observe the Word of Wisdom? plan and present their demonstrations and activities

2. If you have kept the Word of Wisdom so far with the discreet motivation, direction, and guidance

in life, what influence or influences have given you of their teachers.

most assistance? Films and filmstrips were often mentioned. The

3. If you have not kept the Word of Wisdom in film "One in Twenty Thousand,"which portrayed the

the past and are now keeping it, what influenced problem of lung cancer seems to make a very deep you to observe it again? impression. The LDS department of education has

A variety of replies or points of view were manirecently sponsored the production of two more excelfest in the survey. But there were certain recurring lent films. They are: "Up in Smoke,"a satire on

suggestions, however, which give food for thought, tobacco advertising, and "Time Pulls the Trigger."

especially to parents and to all others who teach the These films may be obtained from the Department of youth of the Church. AudioVisual Communications, BYU, Provo, Utah.

The point is, our boys and girls feel there is too Also the American Cancer Society has provided a much emphasis of the idea that the Word of Wisdom number of copies of an excellent filmstrip, "To Smoke should be kept but not enough help is given on why or Not to Smoke,"which is now available to seminaries and how it should be kept. They felt a great need for through their coordinators. It is very well done.

this kind of help and indicated they would be A Word of Wisdom exhibit portraying the dangers happy to receive much more of it at regular and of disobedience and the blessings and advantages of frequent intervals. obedience was suggested. This exhibit could be

A different approach was suggested as to the method placed in a prominent place and left until its message of gathering and presenting this material. It was to had made full impact upon students. This project

let the students organize and present the material would take careful planning and provide wide student

582 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA i\/PlI V CLL.TvWISDOM"MORE iiHMnHHnHHiBinniB IHHBHIHHHHiiHH

participation. be utilized. Good examples are found in the little

Students should be encouraged to bring news and booklet by Ora Pate Stewart, This Word of Wisdom.

magazine articles on all phases of Word of Wisdom The testimonials by Gene Fullmer, Charlotte Sheffield, obedience to class. A bulletin board may then be and Lavina C. Fugal found in this booklet are

prepared on which these articles or statistical tables excellent.

could be placed after the person bringing the item One of the great difficulties young people have is to class has made a short report. to know how to react in a situation where they are

Further, there are doctors in the Church who would being urged to compromise their standards. They

be delighted to appear before classes and discuss the desire to know what they should do, so they will not observance of the Word of Wisdom in the light of new lose social influence and still maintain their standards.

evidences made available by research. Young people Considerable research has been done on this problem.

have great respect for medical doctors and feel it is Out of it has come a knowledge of the existence of "smart"to live in accordance with their views. Since certain reaction patterns which characterize those

the statistical evidence of the great increase in moryoung people who keep their standards and at the tality from lung and heart disease due to smoking has same time retain their social influence. These might

become available, many doctors are taking a very well be discussed with students. Opportunity should

real interest in spreading this information. There is be given them to work out examples of application

one suggestion in this connection. Doctors are very relative to each one.

busy men. It would, therefore, be wise to combine

groups and have as many as possible present at the Reaction Patterns Which Are Typical of Young

People Who Maintain Their Standards meeting the doctor is to address.

and Retain Social Influence Periodic presentations of testimonials, if these are chosen with care, can be very worthwhile. Wisdom 1. They react slowly—they do not get excited or

should be observed concerning whose testimonial is impatient.

presented. Caution should be observed in picking 2. They try to maintain a feeling of helpfulness,

entertainers or other people who may be briefly and artificially in the public eye. Some of these people

have not proved their maturity and stability of charLARGEBY ERNESTOF EBERHARD.NONRELEASEDJR., TIMECOORDINATORSEMINARIES.AT

acter. Others have, and only their testimonial should CONDUCTEDSYSTEM. BY THE UNIFIED CHURCH SCHOOL

AUGUST 1961 583 love, and respect toward those who are involved in "Thank God for my home and parents"wrong behavior. This informal prayer of gratitude appeared with

3. They try to be fair—to consider how the other amazing regularity in the student replies. In some

fellow may be the victim of unfavorable circumstances instances it was followed by statements such as these:

and influences in life. "I am so glad I can come home and open the re-

4. They do not withdraw from the group. They frigerator without seeing bottles of beer."Others

stay in the acceptable phases of the activity at hand. said, "Thank goodness I don't have the temptation of

5. They tactfully suggest another type of activity cigarets lying around the house."Many expressed

which will lead to a release of pressure. appreciation for the "clean smell in our house"and

6. They help others maintain selfrespect. They compared it with the stale odor found in some homes

try to help the other fellow "save face."they entered in which tobacco was used. This

7. They try to keep emotional temperature as low perception of a feeling of cleanliness seems to stay

as possible. with students and lend spiritual strength when

8. They do not moralize. They save this for another temptation arises.

time when there is less ego involvement. An extensive and valid study of about 22,000 high

9. They enlist the support of others in the group. school students indicates that whether the parents

They do not try to change the situation by themselves. smoked or drank was by far the most important single

They try to mobilize and bring to expression the factor in determining the habits of the young people.

opinions of those who have strong convictions but No organization, no program, no approach by a are shy about making them known. church officer or organization seems as uniformly

productive of good results as the teaching by example

Help Students Attain and Maintain EgoStatus of parents.

There can be no doubt that some of the most effecProminent in the replies to the survey was the fact tive teaching of the Word of Wisdom is done without that young people felt it would be easier to keep the ever mentioning it as such. Studies of thousands of Word of Wisdom if they could feel their teachers

high school students indicate, without exception, that really cared personally whether or not they kept the those students who achieve in almost any fieldWord of Wisdom. Teachers should let the students

athletics, dramatics, student government, interest know they do care and are available for counsel clubs, or any other phase of activity which gives posiand assistance.

tive status to teens—are astonishingly less inclined to Some mentioned the fact that occasional recognismoke and drink. This poses several questions for tion and praise for those who were keeping the Word

all who teach youth. Do you speak often to the shy, of Wisdom would be very strengthening. They felt

lessfavored child? Do you know and use his name? that those who did not keep it were getting satisDo you take time to compliment him for an achievefaction out of the negative attention they were rement which is really not important to the world but ceiving. Teachers could well explore the possibilities

which is one of the few which may come into his of recognizing in an appropriate way those who keep life? Do you help him to make the right kind of their bodies strong and clean. Care should be taken

friends? Do you make him feel he is as important to to stress selfcontrol, strength of character, and the

his Heavenly Father as anyone else? Do you promote good sense of those who keep the Lord's law of

his feeling of wellbeing and security within the health. Further, they should not be classified as

activities which you guide in the Church? Do you "good"young people. The term "good"is too easily

present lessons so that he is spiritually fed and susturned into "sissy"on the playground. Teachers

tained or do you just teach subject matter? should refer to these young people in an egobuild-

Students participating in the survey stressed the ing manner.

fact that the above suggestions were often not carried In all attempts to teach the Word of Wisdom, out or implemented early enough in life. For examteachers should remember that the use of alcohol,

ple: They felt an interview with the bishop when the tobacco, tea, and coffee are all too often symbols of

child is in the second or third grade would be highly unearned adulthood; they are escape devices for

effective. There are strong indications that the conemotional and spiritual maladjustment or underdition of the child's ego is more important than development. If teachers will strive to build selfpreachments on the Word of Wisdom in determining acceptance, selfrespect, and the faith that each youth

whether it will grow into normal adult maturity is loved and accepted by the Lord no matter what without leaning on perverted symbols of adulthood his personal limitations are, they will be more effective such as smoking and drinking. as teachers of the Word of Wisdom.

584 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WESTWARD WAGONS BY EDWARD R. TUTTLE

When covered wagons trundled They built a humble wicket

Toward the saline sea, And turned a willow dam,

With precious salvage bundled Believing that a thicket

In hope's fidelity, Somehow provides a ram.

Their splintered fellies pounded With lives inured to giving,

The thirsty prairie miles Dependent on a plow,

Where daily tolls were mounded They found, in truth, that living

To thin plodding files. Was wrested from the brow.

Each hour bred its battle Forgetfulness may enter

And stature proved its trust, To dim such fading page

As yoke of weary cattle For those whose gardens center

Ploughed through the rutted dust. The miles of pungent sage;

A search for freedom furnished But if the years are paling

The vision for their hopes The sagas of the west,

Until their zeal was burnished Mute covered wagons trailing

In fertile mountain slopes. Still symbolize its quest.

AUGUST 1961 585 Hard to be

, **=Understood 3\ BY MARION D. HANKS

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

<;'For he truly spake

many great things unto them, which were hard

to be understood, save a man should inquire of the Lord;..."

(1 Nephi 15:3.)

There is no way to understand spiritual truth except through the Spirit theBOOK of God. Natural ability, brilliance of intellect, training, diligent search

MORMON are all inadequate of themselves to give understanding of spiritual things if he who possesses them is not led by the Spirit.

"... to be learned is good if they hearken unto the counsels of

God."(2 Nephi 9:29.)

The Prophet Lehi tried with great patience to teach his sons Laman and Lemuel the principles of the gospel, but they would not learn. They were unable to understand because they would not humble themselves and call on the Lord; therefore,

they could not receive a knowledge of truth through the Spirit.

"... the Spirit shall be given unto you by the prayer of faith;..."(D&C 42:14.)

Alma strongly attested the importance of learning through the Spirit:

"... Behold, I testify unto you that I do know that these things whereof I have

:.'"-..# spoken are true. And how do ye suppose that I know of their surety?

"Behold, I say unto you that they are made known unto me by the Holy Spirit of God. Behold, I have fasted and prayed many days that I might know these things

of myself. And now I do know of myself that they are true; for the Lord God hath

made them manifest unto me by his Holy Spirit;..."(Alma 5:4546.)

In a letter to the Saints at Corinth, Paul bore the same witness:

*'... Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart of man,

the things which God hath prepared for them that love him.

"But God hath revealed them unto us by his Spirit: for the Spirit searcheth all things,

yea, the deep things of God...."

"Now we have received, not the spirit of the world, but the spirit which is of God;

that we might know the things that are freely given to us of God...."

"But the natural man receiveth not the things of the Spirit of God: for they are

foolishness unto him: neither can he know them, because they are spiritually discerned,"

(1 Cor. 2:9-10, 12, 14.)

To the Jews, who required a sign, Christ was a "stumbling block,"and to the

Greeks, who sought after wisdom, he was "foolishness,"while to those who receive him, he is "the power of God, and the wisdom of God."

The missionary sons of Mosiah received the spirit of prophecy and the spirit of revelation, and taught with the power and authority of God, because they had "searched the scriptures diligently,"and had "given themselves to much prayer, and fasting;..."(Alma 17:1-10.)

In our dispensation, the Lord said:

'Tor by my Spirit will I enlighten them, and by my power will I make known unto them the secrets of my will—yea, even those things which eye has not seen, nor ear

heard, nor yet entered into the heart of man."(D&C 76:10.)

The only way to know spiritual truth is through the Spirit of God which may be enjoyed only by those who humble themselves and call upon him and hearken to his voice. Nothing is more clear in scripture or in life than this truth. The things

of the spirit are "hard to be understood, save a man should inquire of the Lord;...'

in sincerity and humility. Through "study and also by faith,"through reverent search

and humble prayer, men can know with certain assurance the things of God.

For those who will not pay the price, the truths of the gospel will always be a "stumbling block,""foolishness,""hard to be understood."In their pride and stubbornness they fail to learn the most important truths of eternity.

"The rigid volunteer rules of right and wrong in sports are second only to religious faith in—Herbertmoral trainingHoover."

President Joseph Fielding Smith and Elder George

Q. Morris of the Council of the Twelve "warn} up"

before tournament play begins.

. v.. '.:.-.'-.

N,V

wmmmmtm 'VU;U w w

Jim PRIESTHOOD SOFTBALL

Ball!Ray

BY L. E. RYTTING

An Arizona dentist cancels all appointments for a pulpit, classroom, and throughout the Church's program week. A Canadian businessman works nights so he of activities; for Latterday Saints have understood

can leave the office. Five carloads of men leave since the days of Joseph Smith, himself a man of reFlorida. A California electronics worker and his markable physical skills and prowess, the importance

family change their vacation trip plans. of making the human body a fit tabernacle for

They share two things in common: each man is a man's eternal and sacred spirit. A divine revelation

championship softball player, and all have the same known as the Word of Wisdom is aimed at wholesome destination—the annual AllChurch Priesthood Softliving, promising physical strength and endurance as

ball Tournament in Salt Lake City, one of the world's a blessing for obedience.

largest and most unusual sports events.

For five days, August 1418, George Q. Morris League Formed

Softball Park will be crowded with players, spectators, It all began in 1940, when representatives of eleven and officials from morning to night. Excitement will stakes in Salt Lake City met to form the allchurch

mount daily as the tournament decides which of elders softball association. Within a year, the genthirty-two championship teams wins the allChurch eral Melchizedek Priesthood committee, and its chairChampionship crown and Sportsmanship trophy. In man, Elder Joseph Fielding Smith, adopted the

a concurrent tournament the YMMIA Junior Division program, and it grew to include sixteen Salt Lake championship title will be awarded. County stakes, then expanded to include other

During the 1961 season, an estimated 1,500 teams, nearby areas.

with approximately 23,000 players, are participating The first official allchurch tournament took place in the Church's priesthood softball program. In CaliAugust 2529, 1941, at White Softball Park, Salt Lake

fornia, Arizona, and Utah—in Hawaii and Mexico—City. Finishing on top were Second Ward of Liberty

in Canada and the Eastern United States, the local Stake, West Point Ward of North Davis Stake, and or stake league games have been played. Then Pleasant Green Ward of Oquirrh Stake.

the stake champions compete in twentytwo regional Membership rules were changed to allow Aaronic tournaments to qualify in the allChurch event. From Priesthood members over twenty to play with the

the season's first "Play Ball!"to the final trophy elders for one year only, in the hope that they would

presentation, it's quite a show. qualify to hold the Melchizedek Priesthood before the

It is not surprising that the Church of Jesus Christ following season. When enlistment and draft calls

of Latterday Saints should sponsor the world's thinned the elders'ranks, the league was opened to largest softball and basketball leagues or build one seventies and high priests. But America was soon at

of America's most unusual sports facilities. Nor is it war, and though most divisional tournaments were

strange that personal fitness for all ages—physical, held on schedule in 1942, the allchurch tournaments

moral, and spiritual—is a frequent subject in the were cancelled. Shortly after Elder Harold B. Lee

AUGUST 1961 589 succeeded President Joseph Fielding league was again recommended by members. Today these twentytwo

Smith as chairman of the general the general priesthood committee hardworking volunteers continue in priesthood committee on April 23, and authorized by the Council of their dual assignments in the MIA 1947, the softball program was again the Twelve on April 14, 1949. A tournament and the allchurch priestconsidered. Riverside and other week later, letters of instruction were hood softball league. Usually both

stakes had carried on their stake mailed to stake presidents and tournaments are staged simultaneleagues during the war years. bishops, outlining the program. ously at the church's softball park,

Following committee work by To assist in administration of the a bonus attraction for spectators.

Elders Ezra Taft Benson, Mark E. new program locally, the committee But the program for the senior

Petersen, Oscar A. Kirkham, Bishop called upon the veteran regional league and tournament continues

Thorpe B. Isaacson, and General athletic supervisors of the YMMIA, under the general priesthood comSuperintendent George Q. Morris, of who already were conducting softmittee and is the local responsibility

the YMMIA, the allchurch softball ball competition for teen Mutual of stake presidents.

Response was enthusiastic, and the league grew steadily. One worthwhile result was the closing of Sunday softball games in several comii munities as a direct result of the new.. work a little longer... church league. In addition, reports

. indicated a number of convert bapof fellowship renewed and. tisms [then] follow.. stimulated inactive brethren by

RICHARD L. EVANS softball.

The churchwide tournament was Two weeks ago we quoted from Carlyle some lines held September 1517, the culminaon the loss of the most beloved companion of his tion of competition among 469 teams

THE life—the wife of whom he wrote in reminiscence: with 6,500 players. The championSPOKEN "Strange she desert the blossom how made for ship to North Hollywood went Ward WORD

a. herself and.. palace she... what me of... made Stake, the first Fernando of San

of that wild moorland home of the poor man!... From the baking several powerful west coast teams

of a loaf or the darning of a stocking,... to comporting herself to win the title.

in the highest scenes or most intricate emergencies, all was insight, On August 20, 1952, a new chairveracity, success. graceful She angel was unwearied and my softof priesthood the church man

... helper comforter. all and wise, living, Oh, ye... be and ball committee named. was was He

.. that passes, time fools! remember Fools, it forget that has we Morris, whose name George Elder Q. "1 this is to end; so has the ended This anguished utterance of prothe with synonymous became

of many who, like Carlyle, have lost those they love: "so this has gram, with Elder Oscar A. Kirkham

ended"—and the longer we live the more aware we are of the and Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson as

shortness of this life we live, and ever in the background are the vice chairmen. Following the death

questions that confront us as those whom we have loved leave of Elder Kirkham, Elder Marion D.

us one by one: Where are they? What lies beyond? Shall we know Hanks became vice chairman.

as Is life them here? knew them indeed everlasting? we Thank of the committee members Most

for the that assurance shall God it is and for be so, the and fulness since the served continuously have faith of the that shall see again, to love, live and to know we with of Elder Morris, appointment those whom we have loved and lost. And such assurance comes cluding Clark N. Stohl, assistant into

from him who gave us life, from whom we have the miracle of the chairman, and David S. Hatch,

birth, the miracle of spring's return, as trees once dormant, break secretary. Other committee memforth one day into full flower—a miracle which in some respects bers include Malcolm F. LeSueur,

has come to seem quite commonplace, but which is part of all the Keith R. McLaren, Floyd Millet, Rex

evidence of the miracle, and answer yet reality, and of everlast- F. North, F. Richard Moss, LeRoy

the softening of this touch ing life. And assurance seemed to come Rose, Paul S. L. Pugh, Marvin Owen,

to the awareness of Carlyle as he left these further lines: "SomeDale R. Curtis, Edmund M. Evans,

times [there is] the of her, as if image... to nodding a me with McKinley Oswald, and Lorry W.

.. smile,... one; loved a little longer, work 1 am gone,. [then] Rytting.

follow. There is no baseness, and no misery here.'... Blind and

deaf that we are; oh, think, if thou yet love anybody living, wait But perhaps the most ardent

not till death sweep down the paltry little dustclouds and idle boosters of the priesthood league are activity their in trace the those who.. Z'1 of the dissonances for moment. Thank blessed memories God

softball. to "I don't Church know of once with for were real the those who us—and and

if I today, been have would literal where life of everlasting assurance that makes memories more meaningful—

that makes memories but the promise of the unfulfilled future. I hadn't become interested in the

Church through softball,"says a

Carlyle, Reminiscences of Thomas Carlyle. former bishop. The young father of

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the an active, faithful Latterday Saint

Columbia Broadcasting System, May 28, 1961. Copyright 1961. family was born a nonmember in a

590 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Mormon community, "I never paid part of planning for church buildfamily members. Then, too, accomany attention to the Church until I ings, most ward and stake buildings modation must provide for the

was invited to join a ward softball are lacking in outdoor recreational comfort and convenience of the large team."equipment. numbers of spectators who would

A former stake president who came Under leadership of Chairman attend.

into activity because of the softball George Q. Morris, the church priestprogram now presides over one of hood softball committee began to Dream Fulfilled

the church's missions. A missionconceive plans for an outdoor playary's letter, full of spiritual fervor, ground to accommodate not only the From these dreams was born a

expresses gratitude for his missionary spectacular allchurch tournaments, proud fulfilment—the allchurch softcall, made possible through the exbut the increasing number of teams ball park, later named in honor of the

ample and influence of his softball registered each year in stake leagues. devotion and tireless energies of Elder

teammates. Nor did the idea stop there. The George Q. Morris to the cause of

For many a young man, the seapark should include park and playchurch athletics. With approval of the

son's play, capped by participation ground equipment for younger priesthood committee, the Council in the colorful allchurch tournament is, as one wrote, "the high point of my activity in the Church."

And in many wards of the Church, athletic activities such as softball have brought a closer feeling among ward members, many of whom turn out as spectators whenever theirteam plays. Commencement

Era of Growth RICHARD L. EVANS

Team registrations have grown There is an old proverb which says: "The journey of

steadily each year since the forma- a thousand miles begins with one step."1 There \MW 545 league.tion There of the were in cite are it today this—but many implications we (the Il'-ii-"."8V in SPOKEN in 1950, 804registered teams and is life of of period to a point suggest that every f WORD in the league1952. life, Membership freedom, with and and commencement. And IS

was opened to all church members health, and the willingness to think, to work, to follow through, over the age of nineteen, and to nonthere are many reasons to be encouraged at commencement. And

members. Early church attendance to those who are both about to finish—and about to begin—which

requirements were liberalized to enis true of all of us—and in all of life, everlasting—this we would

courage more participation. say: Despite all adverse elements and apprehensions, it is doubtful

However, the elders continue to that there ever was more opportunity, more open doors, more provide most of the players, as in genuine reward awaiting those who are prepared and willing with the former days of the elders softthe courage and the character and the qualifications to take reball league. A 1954 report lists sponsibility. There is an infinite number of needs, an infinite

5,892 elders, nearly half of the 12,808 number of things to discover, to develop, to conquer. Not all

players enrolled. Next largest groups human wants are ever satisfied; not all the children are ever taught;

were priests, 2,334; Senior Aaronic not all the processes are ever improved to the point where they

Priesthood members, 1,487; high could not be further improved. Full efficiency has never been

priests, 798; nonmembers, 718; and reached. The demand for fruitful ideas is insatiable. Dependaseventies, 700. Also included were bility is always at a premium. Despite problems, despite fears

410 members of bishoprics, 115 high and some uncertainties, with training, with knowledge, with willcouncilmen, and 44 members of ingness, with character and courage there are opportunities always.

stake presidencies. But the world is realistic. It does not give success to excuses, to

Perhaps the most significant rereluctance, to laziness, to the dull, to the indifferent. But to those

sults evident in the report were who will prepare, and then perform, the way is ever open. There

fortyseven convert baptisms and the are no known limits to learning or to achieving for those who are reactivation of 486 members during willing to continue, with integrity and intelligence. Every day,

the year. every hour, every age offers its own beginnings, its own opportuniThe priesthood softball program ties. "The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step."1

truly came of age, however, in 1954, May God bless you all—you who have come to commencement—as

when 1,165 teams were registered, you continue to search and serve and enjoy the journey of life, sparked by the announcement of a which is always and forever, proceeding always from a point new allchurch softball park to be called commencement.

erected in Salt Lake City at a cost of $100,000. 3 Laotse, The Simple Way, No. 64.

While indoor sports facilities have "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the long been considered an important Columbia Broadcasting System, June 4, 1961. Copyright 1961.

AUGUST 1961 591 of the Twelve, and the First Presiof Temple Square and other major 1955—San Antonio Ward, Houston

dency, plans were prepared in 1954 properties of the Church. Soon the Stake, San Antonio, Texas.

and construction began the following park will be seen by countless motoryear. By August 1955, the playing ists, located as it is at 2200 South 1956—San Antonio Ward, Houston

fields were developed enough to Second West, near a busy freeway Stake, San Antonio, Texas.

construction. the interchange allchurch under tournaaccommodate now

of the church's 1957San Diego 5th Ward, San dedication purpose Thus thements. Formal came June

12, 1956, with a dedicatory prayer softball program continues today, Diego Stake, San Diego, California.

offered by President Joseph Fielding "... to provide wholesome recrea1958—Mesa 8th Ward, Maricopa

Smith. tion... during the summer months Stake, Mesa, Arizona.

The fourway park, with its central whereby many otherwise inactive dressing rooms, grandstand, and members may be brought into fel1959—Snowflake Ward, Snowflake

pressbox was the novel creation of lowship and activity."Stake, Snowflake, Arizona.

Glen Enke, an engineer with the In a time when collegiate and

Church building committee. It is professional sports are heavily 1960—Mesa 8th Ward, Maricopa

possibly the first ball park to use this tainted with bribes, phonies, and Stake, Mesa, Arizona.

ingenious layout. Many cities have fixes, the wholesome recreational

multiple playing fields, but the home purposes of sports as preserved in plates are usually located in separate the program of the Church stand in corners of the park. From many sharp contrast.

parts of the country, national attenFor "spiritualized recreation,"as it tion from recreation and playground is often called, benefits the body, Hunter's Challenge officials has come to the park, and personality, and spirit.

it is being copied in several locations. The urge for ease and luxury has ( Continued from page 576

Two team dressing rooms and produced physical softness and twenty showers are located under flabbiness in many people. One of reserve for the future, smarter even

spacious grandstands built to accomthe most effective antidotes is exerthan a lot of men.

modate 6,000 people. Concession cise in a competitive sport such as Again a mighty paw dipped into

booths and rest rooms are also built softball. And with group participathe water as Pete watched, and the

within the central structure. tion where high standards of other cub had his appetite appeased.

in Pete's to form lump began as- A language, and conduct, personal steps, a spectator only a few With throat. cubs her is bear and two The benefit social prevail, sociates a of simultaneous four anycan watch

his blurred before eyes, he saw and fellowFinally, the through added. directly seats grandstandgames from his children. wife For and two own spirit of which ship teamwork and offifor plate.behind home And

first anitime, that the realized he participation, activity, the from come square, reporters,cials a sports and to their desired loved mals own, other in church's the interest and the at pressboxfourwindowed as just their feed protect and own spiritual results in often a programs of grandstands thecenter top and did. settled across smile he slow A reawakening. of playperfectaffords each a view

his face. grimy, unshaven B. Harold Elder expressed by As chair, field. swivel aning a With

avid sportswriter could cover four Lee, chairman of the general priestWho was he to determine whether games at once! hood committee, "The purpose of the the ruler of the forest should live

Church is saving souls, not winning or die. He was a mere man among

The neatly kept infields and championships—but if you can do men, not a creator nor a destroyer!

to a are an answergrassy outfields in His both, more power to you!"his power. it was Of course

are prayer. player's Beyondsandlot

rifle perfect a still held on bead the swings, slides, teetertotters, and AllChurch Softball Champions Triple Toe. He had only to squeeze

picnic tables, fully equipped for the trigger to snuff out a life, but family outings. And the spacious, 1949North Hollywood Ward, somehow, the excitement of the kill

parking lots willhardsurfaced left him, the reward was San Fernando Stake, North Hollyhadhandle 750 cars. forgotten.

All summer long, an intensive wood, California. It was right that Triple Toe should

schedule of preliminary games keeps 1950Linda Vista Ward, San care for her young the best way the park humming six days a week. Diego Stake, Linda Vista, California. she knew how, just as he took care

Priesthood and MIA teams from of his. The wrong would be for him

three nearby regions play most of 1951Wellsville 1st Ward, Hyrum to deprive the cubs of their mother, their league games here. Play conStake, Wellsville, Utah. to deprive God's deep and trackless

the late evening, into undertinues its things. of wild of one 10th 1952Pocatello Ward, Pocawildernessfull, coverage of each diamond's even his safety on the slipped Pete tello Idaho. Stake, Pocatello,floodlighting system. after rifle one into place. Then,

Beautification of the park, which 1953—Tucson 3rd Ward, Southern last glance at the majestic animal

is fast becoming a community landArizona Stake, Tucson, Arizona. outlined against the sky, he slowly

mark and tourist attraction, has been inched around and slid softly across assumed this year by Irvin T. Nel1954-Ogden 34th Ward, South the ground in the direction from

son, who supervises the landscaping Ogden Stake, Ogden, Utah. which he had come.

592 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Step out front with the DISTANCE brand.

the brand.. POWER

CONOCO

the Hottest Brand Going!

Hottest line of products... backed by hottest advertising!

Conoco offers you products with benefits your Conoco really believes in advertising. Now customcustomers want! Conoco Premium Gasoline has ers will see big, colorful Conoco ads in LIFE, Look,

7CP*plus...to give cars up to 17 more miles per Saturday Evening Post, and newspapers throughout

tankful, up to 15% more power! Conoco allseason Conocoland. They'll see and hear Conoco adverSuper Motor Oil is fortified with an exclusive distising on Television and Radio...telling them why

covery that oilplates engines, protects them 24 hours Conoco is the distance brand...the power brand...

a day. Good reasons to switch to Conoco! the hottest brand going!

*TM and pat. owned by Shell Oil Co.

;.:"::::::':''::.r:r.:'.:v:i:.:::.;: -.-.;:;i5:::--.: V.. "//;BSK

AUGUST 1961 593 SI

ME LCHIZEDEK > PR ESTHOOD

V An Open Letter;

To: Quorum Presidency

First Quorum of Elders Home Stake of Zion

Dear Brethren:

As your stake presidency, we congratulate you on your call to Serve as the presidency of the first quorum of elders in what we hope will soon be the best stake in the Church. It is a glorious privilege to serve in the great

latterday kingdom of our Lord, and we are confident you will reap a rich harvest of blessings from the labors you are now commencing.

As you know, befor e we called you brethren to this priesthood workone of the most important in the Church!—we had a long interview with each of you

and your wives. You will recall the agreement, mutually arrived at, that each

of you would devote your talents, strength, and energy to your new callsincluding a substantial amount of timeand that your wives and families would support you fully in this work.

Now as you start out to lead your quorum along the divinely approved course, may we remind you of some vital things in connection with your new callings, and also make some suggestions as to how you should proceed from a practical standpoint?

1. When you were set apart to serve in the quorum presidency, you were

given the keys of presidency. That is, you were given the divine commission

to control, govern, regulate, and preside over all of the affairs of the quorum. With the receipt of these powers of presidency, you assumed the

responsibility to learn your duty and act in the office to which you are appointed; to serve with an eye single to the glory of God; and to lead your

fellow quorum members to eternal life in the mansions on high.

You are now shepherds of your flock. Their temporal and spiritual wellbeing is your concern. The Church and the Lord will hold you accountable

for the manner in which you perform your labors.

2. We have already given you copies of the Melchizedek Priesthood Handbook.

This valuable work contains the basic policies and procedures governing the operation of priesthood quorums. Read it. Study it. Learn its

contents. Then organize your qourum in conformity with it. Don't attempt

to devise your own program; follow the program of the Church. You can't go

wrong if your affairs are administered in conformity with the pattern found in the Handbook.

3. This assignment in the ministry of the Master is now your mission.

Make it a real mission. Hold your weekly council meetings; plan your

work; visit your members; teach them by precept and example; be with and

strengthen them always. You will probably need to spend most of each

Sunday and a couple of other nights each week in planning, visiting, and working on quorum affairs.

4. We hope no one of you will attempt to carry the whole load of the

quorum alone. Learn to delegate and organize. Gain experience in how to

get the members of a church organization to govern themselves and carry their own weight. If you are successful in this work, other important Church

assignments will come to you in due course.

Quorum presidents should delegate responsibilities to their counselors.

Quorum committees should be asked to serve in assigned fields. Once

assignments are made, those assigned to do the work should be permitted to do it. Checkups are, of course, essential, and presiding officers can never

relieve themselves of the ultimate responsibility.

5. Your quorum has engaged in a number of quorum projects in the past. No

doubt you will want to continue these or devise others to provide service opportunities and to raise quorum funds. We are particularly anxious,

however, to have your quorum support and assist in the stake welfare project.

Calls will be made from time to time for your help in this field.

6. For a sixweek period, the stake Melchizedek Priesthood committee

will hold a special training course for you brethren. Please meet with

them at 7 a m in the high council room. Bring your secretary, your quorum

rolls and records, and be prepared to consider in detail the spiritual and temporal needs of your members. At these meetings, the stake brethren

will counsel with you relative to your proposed plans and programs for the quorum.

7. You are acquainted with the regular system of priesthood leadership

meetingsboth the quorum presidency and quorum committee types. Your

participation in these is essential and will be very helpful to you. Brother

Jones of the high council will meet with you from time to time in your quorum and council meetings and give you guidance and counsel in solving your problems. He, of course, will not assume in any sense the direction

of your quorum affairs; such matters are up to you; but he will draw on

his wide priesthood experience to suggest ways and means of making your quorum function as it should.

8. If you feel such is necessary, you are at liberty to call any member

of the stake presidency relative to any priesthood matter. We suppose,

however, that most matters, particularly those that are routine in nature, you will want to take up with the appointed high council representative. He

will counsel with you on your problems and will refer whatever is necessary to us for consideration and decision.

9. We cannot emphasize too strongly your need to lead your quorum by

example as well as precept. You will recall your agreement with us to pay

a full tithing, keep the Word of Wisdom, attend Sacrament meeting regularly, keep the Sabbath day, and live generally in harmony with the standards of the Church.

We would like to stress, in addition, your responsibility to get the members of your quorum to live in this same way. Priesthood bearers are

expected to keep all of the standards of the Church, to participate willingly in its programs, to be men of integrity and devotion to the truth. And

your responsibility as priesthood leaders is to get your quorum members to follow such a course. The information gained in your annual confidential

interviews and in keeping the white cards current will guide you in working with each delinquent member.

10. Speaking of your less active quorum members, we remind you of the great

priesthood reactivation program that is now going forward in the Church.

During recent months the Melchizedek Priesthood page in the Improvement Era has carried articles setting forth the objectives and procedures involved in this program. We urge you to read and adopt the suggestions found on

these pages.

11. Just one final word now: Please u se your own initiative in administering the affairs of your quorum. Do not sit back and expect to be

guided in all things by our high council representative or any others. You

hold the keys of presidency over the quorum. Within the limits of Church

policies and principles, it is your responsibility to devise programs, create plans, carry on projects, and do all the things which will make of your quorum the great brotherhood that it should be. We are confident that you

will pursue such a course, and assure you that by following it you will receive great personal satisfaction in this life to say nothing of eternal reward hereafter.

Remember our stake officers'slogan: "... ye that embark in the

service of God, see that ye serve him with all your heart, might, mind and strength, that ye may stand blameless before God at the last day."

(D&C 4:2.)

Faithfully your brethren,

THE STAKE PRESIDENCY

with the members of the ward. Several times he

tried to enter into a conversation about the Church with his nextdoor neighbor who was active in the ward, but each time the neighbor changed the conversation to the weather or some other subject.

One evening an Aaronic Priesthood group adviser for senior members called at his home. They had a

joyful evening of gospel conversation. The adviser

invited him to attend Church and promised to pick him up for priesthood meeting. Tears rolled down

his cheeks as he told the adviser of his longfelt desire for activity and the unsuccessful efforts to receive encouragement from his neighbors—none of

them up to this time had invited him to the ward.

Perhaps we should ask ourselves, "Who is my neighbor?"This was the question posed to Jesus

by a certain lawyer trying to justify himself. In

answer to his question, Jesus tells this famous story:

"... A certain man went down from Jerusalem to

Jericho, and fell among thieves, which stripped him of his raiment, and wounded him, and departed, leaving him half dead. And by chance there came

down a certain priest that way: and when he saw him,

he passed by on the other side. "And likewise a

Levite, when he was at the place, came and looked on him, and passed by on the other side. But a certain

Samaritan, as he journeyed, came where he was: and

went to him, and bound up his wounds, pouring in oil and wine, and set him on his own beast, and brought him to an inn, and took care of him. And on the

morrow when he departed, he took out two pence, and gave them to the host, and said unto him, Take care of him; and whatsoever thou spendest more, when

I come again, I will repay thee. Which now of these

three thinkest thou, was neighbour unto him that fell among thieves? And he said, He that shewed mercy on

him. Then said Jesus unto him, Go, and do thou

likewise."(Luke 10:3037.)

It is evident that every member of the Church is obligated to go the "extra mile"to assist our neighbor in church activity, enabling us to stand before the judgment chair of God and say, "I have been a

Samaritan to my neighbor. He was a senior member

of the Aaronic Priesthood, and I helped him prepare to receive the blessings of the Melchizedek

Priesthood. We then that are strong ought to bear the

A story is told of a man who was a member of the infirmities of the weak, and not to please ourselves."

Church; but after being ordained a deacon at the "Let every one of us please his neighbour for his

age of twelve, he drifted from church activity. It good to edification."(Romans 15:1-2.)

had been years since he attended any church service. Let us make our neighbors (senior members of the

As in most everyone's life, there came a time when Aaronic Priesthood) feel they are needed and wanted he started thinking positively about religion and dein the kingdom of our Father. Invite them to

sired to become active in the Church and to associate Church Sunday!

596 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THRILLED WITH DEACONYOUNG it was because you wanted to and ACTIVITY you did, I knewFATHERS RENEWED CHURCH had lived worthy to become an elder. I feel that

It was a colorful Sunday morning with the leaves you care and want to help me with my priesthood in the trees dancing softly to the tune of a subtle work. I know being active in the priesthood can

autumn breeze. Inside the meetinghouse, stake help me, because it has helped you—I can tell by

conference was being conducted and the stake presibeing with you.

dent had just announced that the next speaker would "We have felt the influence of the priesthood in be a young deacon in the Aaronic Priesthood. our home. Remember the time mom was sick—You

As Tim stepped to the pulpit, his copperbronzed helped give her a blessing so that she would get face registered the inexperience of youth. Yet, as he better and she did, even before I thought she would.

spoke his words seemed to flow freely as if they were "I know what the power of the priesthood can do, coming from his heart as he said, "I would like and it gives me a good feeling to know that my dad to tell my dad what it means to me for him to be has the authority and power given only in the priestactive in the priesthood. I feel a closeness that I hood. It is my prayer that you will remain active in

didn't feel before now that we are both active. It the priesthood; that I'll keep myself worthy so that

seems to me that you are interested and care what some dav I will hold the Melchizedek Priesthood;

I do, both in the priesthood and in my other activities, and that mv brothers will have the desires that I do and that means a lot to me. to follow through in priesthood work. I am thankful

"My dad was ordained an elder just a short time for my parents, my brothers and sisters, and for this before he ordained me a deacon. I had hoped, Dad, Church. I say these things in the name of Jesus Christ.

that you would be the one to ordain me; and when... Amen."

WARD TEACHING SUPPLEMENT

THE ORIGIN AND PURPOSE OF THE SABBATH

There is no novelty in the statement that the Sab- "Therefore the Son of man is Lord also of the bath is a day of rest and worship. The Sabbath was sabbath."(Mark 2:2728.)

specified during the time of the creation of this earth The Lord in this scripture asserts his supremacy as a day which "God blessed"and "sanctified,"It is a over the Sabbath and predicts that the Sabbath is to day when we are to rest from our labors and worship be the Lord's day.

our Father in heaven. "Now when Jesus was risen early the first day of

"And on the seventh day God ended his work which the week,..."(Mark 16:9) he truly was Lord of the

he had made; and he rested on the seventh day from Sabbath. The Sabbath was to be his day, a day to

all his work which he had made. meet in worship and offer our oblations in righteous-

"And God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified ness, a clay to renew our covenants by partaking of it: because that in it he had rested from all his work the emblems of his great sacrifice.

ivhich God created and made."(Genesis 2:2-3.)

From the time of Adam man had looked forward The law of the Sabbath was not only reaffirmed to

Israel when Moses received the Ten Commandments, to this allimportant-event when the Son of Man but it was also commanded that the Sabbath be would make the supreme sacrifice. These people

rigidly enforced. offered up their burnt offerings as a similitude of this

"Ye shall keep the sabbath therefore; for it is holy forthcoming sacrifice. Since his coming, the obligaunto you: every one that defileth it shall surely be tion has been placed upon us to remember him and

put to death: for whosoever doeth any work therein, his sacrifice in partaking of the Sacrament. In this,

that soul shall be cut off from among his people."the Dispensation of the Fulness of Times, we, too,

have had the law of the Sabbath reiterated to us:(Exodus 31:14.)

When Jesus came in the Meridian of Time, he coun- "But remember that on this, the Lord's day, thou seled the people regarding the Sabbath: shalt offer thine oblations and thy sacraments unto the

"... The sabbath was made for man, and not man Most High, confessing thy sins unto thy brethren, and

for the sabbath: before the Lord."(D&C 59:12.)

AUGUST 1961 597 TOD,

IYOU

Twenty million housewives can't be wrong. It is

estimated that this many women can food at home.

Why do they do it? They do it for many reasonssome because they save an average of 10c or more on

every filled quart jar, others so there won't be waste in their orchards and gardens, some for the satisfaction they derive from looking at row after row of sparkling, colorful jars on a storage shelf, others because their husbands expect it, but most of all women can because of the satisfaction that comes from having on hand the year round jars of good nourishing food for their families.

Our grandmothers stood over hot, steaming kettles of boiling fruit. They cooked and stirred and in the

process lost most of the nutriments and considered themselves lucky if they didn't lose many bottles of food from spoilage. Today, success in canning comes

easy and is assured to women who use upto-date canning methods and who work carefully, following directions meticulously. Failures and disappointments are usually caused by incomplete sealing and

under processing. There are two standard methods

of canning, and each one has its place. It is easy

to destroy yeasts and molds by boiling, but some types of bacteria resist boiling for many hours. It is

a good rule to use a boiling water bath canner for processing fruits and tomatoes but always use a steam pressure canner for processing corn, beans, and all other low acid foods. Don't waste your time or your

families'lives by taking short cuts in canning. If a

neighbor tells you she always cans in her oven and has never had an accident, remember that this way of canning is unreliable because the food may spoil, and dangerous because the jars may explode in the oven. Don't take the chance, obtain a new upto-date

book on canning and follow carefully the directions.

(Booklets may be obtained at low price from the jar

598 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA n

canning companies.) good eating come November and holiday time. Have

Always use fresh, sound produce just at the right you ever opened a can of soup and thought, "I'll stage for canning. If you ride out into the country need two or three cans this size for my family?"Why

and become overzealous in your buying, spread the not fill quart jars with tomato and vegetable soup produce out and keep it well ventilated in a cool and always, have enough ready at a moment's notice?

place until you are ready to preserve it. I have Tomatoes are usually plentiful and so easy to can,

found that too many bushels of fruit at one time but this year consider adding to your "repertoire"and dumped on a housewife isn't wise. She becomes to the enjoyment of your family by making tomato

careless in her work, and ten or twelve hours of paste and tomato puree. These two tomato products

washing, peeling, and processing fruit results in are used to such an extent today in pizzas, spaghettis, tiredlooking jars of canned fruit, a wornout wife, casseroles, etc., that the possibilities are endless. For

cross children, and a very sticky kitchen floor. everyday, plain canning follow the newest canning

Judgment at canning time is essential. book, but right now let's talk over a few very special

If you happen to be that person cooking just for canning recipes.

two people, don't try to fill all those empty jars you accumulated while raising your family, but don't Fruit Cocktail stop canning altogether. Give your excess empty Dice equal amounts of fresh firm peaches and

jars to your married children, so they may fill them pears the same size, add an equal amount of diced full of goodness for their children; then can just pineapple with its juice, and the same amount of

those foods your husband and you like best. Maybe seedless grapes. Make a light syrup using the proSunday night supper isn't complete without chilled portions of 2 cups of sugar to 1 quart of water.

canned peaches and toasted cheese sandwiches or Simmer the fruit in the syrup until heated through;

breakfast has an added zest if apricot nectar finds its add sliced maraschino cherries for color. Pack hot

place on the table in tall cool glasses or entertaining into hot pint jars. Cover with the hot syrup. Process

calls for cherry jam with walnut halves and juicy 20 minutes in a boiling water bath.

watermelon pickles or chili sauce finds itself in meat loaves, chili con carne, salad dressing, and omelets;

Maraschino Cherries then canning becomes an enjoyable necessity.

You can can and save dollars. Budgets may be 15 cups light firm cherries

cut with a day or two spent in making some specialities 3 teaspoons alum that are expensive when bought already canned from 6 tablespoons salt a grocery shelf. Fruit cocktail not only tastes 11 cups sugar

delicious and looks appetizing in its shiny glass jars, 3 ounces food coloring but it is inexpensive and easily prepared. It too will IV2 teaspoons almond extract

add glamor to winter meals as an appetizer, in salads, and in desserts. Maraschino cherries are no trick at Wash and pit the cherries, drain, then measure the

all to make, and jars of green tomato mincemeat make cherries. Save the juice. Dissolve the alum and salt in

AUGUST 1961 12 cups of cold water. Add the Scald the onions 2 minutes in drained vegetables. Simmer about

cherries. Let stand about 6 hours. boiling water. Dip in cold water. 10 minutes and pour boiling hot into

Weight down the cherries so they Drain and peel. Sprinkle with the hot jars; seal at once.

will not float. Drain and rinse the salt and add the water. Let stand

cherries well. Measure the juice you overnight. Drain and rinse. Add Tomato Soup

have saved from the cherries and sugar, spice, and horseradish to the tomatoes quarts chopped 4 to to minutes, 4 cups. 10 it wateradd add make Simmer Add vinegar. celery 2 cups chopped

until dissolves, to the boilsugar sugar and cook bring and onions and onions 4 jars. cherries. small Boil the 2 minutes. athen into hot add pack Add

carrots leaf to 4 heat. the the of pepper from bay expiece and redRemove Add

2 red peppers sweet coloring. seal at thetract once. red and Let and each bottle

Salt to taste stand for 24 hours in a cool place.

forBoil 2 minutes. Pour boiling Watermelon Rind Pickle

jars; seal at once. Wash the vegetables. Chop and hothot into

Cut rind into 5-inch pieces and measure tomatoes. Remove seeds

Apricot Nectar drop them into the boiling water and from peppers. Peel onions and carcool, for boil Drain, 5 minutes. soft. until and rots. tomatoes Simmer Wash, drain, pit, and measure ripe all cut off green pink part and the until together vegetables Boil other

apricots. Add IV2 cups boiling skin. Then cut the rind into desired soft. Drain. Press tomatoes through

fruit. of quart to eachwater Cook sized pieces. sieve and cook until slightly thickis soft. Pressuntil fruit through

ened. Press other vegetables through

sieve. taste to 1 sugar and Add salt 1 gallon to tomatoes. prepared rind sieve. Add Add

to juice quart eachtablespoon lemon into salt boil. 1 hot to Pour cup bring and

juice. if desiredof water more Add

jars. pints minutes, sugar 10 cups Process 20 hot

until dissolves. sugar reheatand 8 vinegar cups quarts 30 minutes at 10 pound

jars. hot into hot boilingPour tablespoons 2 allspice pressure.

Process 15 minutes in the boiling 2 tablespoons cloves water bath.

4 full sticks cinnamon Tomato Puree of ginger juice a such depiece Cranberry makes tomatoes. ripe core and Washlicious cocktail, attractive and and fine soft. Press until through Cook

isit It to also so prepare. easy

salt little the salt sugar 2 quarts a Dissolve sieve. and in about Add color to the punchesadds and body careuntil of thick taste. water. cold (be Pour over the rind to Cook

at the holiday time. so as to cover, let stand 6 hours. ful not to let it catch on the bottom

Drain, rinse, and cover the rind with of the pan). Pour into hot jars.

Cranberry Juice clear water. Boil until just tender. Process 30 minutes in boiling water

Choose ripe, red cranberries and Drain. Mix together 5 cups sugar, bath.

wash them well. Boil equal measure 2 cups vinegar, spices to 8 cups of

togetherof berries water and 5 minutes. until water—boil Add rind, Green Tomato Mincemeat

Sieve, burst. berries then strainthe Let half an hour. simmer about

the juice through cheesecloth. Add stand overnight in a cool place. Add 2 quarts ground, peeled, green tosugar to taste. Bring to a boil and remaining sugar and vinegar. Boil matoes

boil for one minute. Pour hot into until rind is clear. Add boiling 2 x/2 quarts of peeled, ground apples

hot jars and seal at once. water if syrup becomes too thick. 6 cups sugar

Pack, boiling hot into hot jars. Seal 2 pounds seedless raisins Use your imagination when at once. 1 pound seeded raisins

canning pears. Try using pineapple 5 teaspoons cinnamon

juice in place of water for making 1 teaspoon allspice the syrup, or add a couple of sticks Pepper Relish 1 teaspoon cloves of cinnamon and a few drops of red 3 cups vinegar 1 teaspoon mace food coloring to each quart of syrup, 12 green peppers 4 teaspoons salt or cook peel of orange with each 12 red peppers 1 cup vinegar quart of syrup. Green coloring and 12 large onions 1 cup water

a drop of oil of peppermint in the 2 cups sugar Vz pound of chopped citron syrup will make a good salad pear. 2 tablespoons salt

1 tablespoon mixed spices Add all ingredients together and

Pickled Onions Wash and remove seeds from pepcook slowly until apples and to- 2 quarts (3 pounds) pickling onions pers. Put peppers and onions matoes are tender; pour boiling hot

1 cup salt through food chopper. Cover with into hot jars and seal at once. Note:

3 pints water boiling water and let stand 5 minutes 2 cups of ground kidney suet may be 1 quart vinegar (white) and drain. Cover again with boiling added to the above recipe. If suet

1% cups sugar water and let stand 5 minutes and is used, cook mincemeat only until 4 tablespoons pickling spices drain very well. Add sugar, salt, boiling hot. Pack and process pints

1 tablespoon horseradish and the spices (tied in bag) to the and quarts 25 minutes at 10 pounds

Bay leaf and small red peppers vinegar. Simmer 10 minutes. Add steam pressure.

600 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

.-- BUILT for COMFORT Hampden's Handsome, New Folding CONFERENCE CHAIR

Here's a chair that's built for comfort and real durability.

Foam seat, back and arms with extrasturdy tubular steel

Seat lifts up and sway office, auditorium or classroom. Built for beauty too, and

at a finger touch. many years of rugged use. Also available as No. 305,

without arms. Write for catalog: Dept. H-l, HAMPDEN,

295 Fifth Ave., New York, N. Y.

life M M M Built for the Rest of your

portability flat (or Folds Factory: Easthampton, Mass.

storage. and compact 295 Fifth Ave., New York, N.Y. g Hampden

Your money's rewarded with important extras when WSSSSi you maintain your account at Western Savings...

FOR where you always get the very most for your savings.

... and get these advantages:

WESTERN Open your account now SEVERS lllllFull IIearnings1(11 II II MillonI MMyourII II Millmoneyrill! IlllfromMM MiltheIII IIfirstMil I ofII 1 1111theIIImonth111 II MillforIII IIallIM

deposits made by the Tenth of the month.

Your account insured to $10,000 by the Federal Savings and

Loan Insurance Corporation.

Western pays the postage both ways when you saveby-mail.

Open your account today.

Use this convenient coupon.

WESTERN SAVINGS

SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

Enclosed is my check money WESTERN order for S Please open a savings account in the name of: SAVINGS

Name

(if a joini account pul second name here)

WESTERN SAVINGS AND LOAN COMPANY Address

DOWNTOWN OFFICE: 45 EAST FIRST SOUTH

COTTONWOOD OFFICE: 4989 HIGHLAND DRIVE City State

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

AUGUST 1961 601 treatment, moleskin will cushion the be padded with moleskin to make blister once it is there. If it is apthem less offensive as noise makers

plied to the hands where the blister as well as preventing scratched is apt to form from hard work, it woodwork. Doors that slam can be

will take the wear instead of your hushed with bits of moleskin to skin. If moleskin is applied to the cushion the noise. Even the telehandle of your hoe or other tools, it phone can be quieted by padding

will cushion it just enough to make the cradle with moleskin. Some

your job more pleasant. furniture is made without casters.

Everyone hates unsightly scratches. Moleskin will soften the bottom on

Applying moleskin to the bottom of these heavy pieces so they don't HAVE YOU MET vases and lamps will prevent cut into the rug—also makes it quiet

scratches on your furniture. Use it to move when cleaning.

on the bottom of trophies, book ends, If your broom has a hard edge Moleskin? and clocks to protect the furniture. that strikes the woodwork try

BY EILEEN M. HASSE Even your recipe box will be easier padding it with moleskin to cut

noise. Your marks and on downIf easily are irritated you feet by if will longer stay silverware newthat or hurt scratches furnion your

it. for a drawer have padded youture are quite If you normal. prowill the bottom on Moleskin MIRACLES SMALLnoises distract you sometimes, and quiet silver tect the work and make ETHEL BY JACOBSONeven your earrings own too seem silver the of putting away. A

to bear, don't thinkmuch are you is hosiery or box jewelry much box of of a drop blade dew, sodAalone. of us Most have of days it if things for precious your safer of small miracles God sensitivityextreme even a All when

is moleskin. lined with to ours Are with view wonderingcat's footstep If loud. too seems to that creep tend Appliances eyes, tried allyou sorts have of remedies they vibrations while the from away to prize: to to learn know, come Tofor these irritations, I if wonder you in will place stay being used are lace, of floweret Anne's The Queenhave moleskin. met to the either applied moleskin with beetle's carapace, ruby The is Moleskin a velvety fabric that the of apor the bottom table top silken the spider weaves, The webhas an adhesive It backing. can be machines, Portable pliance. sewing trail silver snail the horned The inpurchased small packets in or will mixers typewriters, food and leaves, rollslarge from your counter. drug

if the quietly on padded run more striped velvet, bee's The gold and is forMoleskin people value who this soft adhesive mawith bottom brown,their comfort sense of and wellIt terial. the shock takes and up far seed thistledownon blown The Itbeing. has uses solves and many of mechanical noise any deadens vaster mysteries holds Earth no problems.many operation. least in these. of the very Than is Moleskin different under made

brand names primarily for the care Children often bruise themselves.

of the feet. By cutting a little This soft padding will adhere in

doughnutshaped pad you can apply hardto-bandage places, cushioning it to your foot to take the pressure on your cabinets if you apply a the injury until it heals. Nearly

off a corn or callous or bunion. It couple of strips of moleskin to the everyone has one foot slightly larger

can also be used at the back of the bottom. than the other. Moleskin will pad

little larger, that a seems the shoeheels of shoes that have a tendency Ordinary good book bricks make it other. as the fit snuglyto slip or if making eyelets under that paperweights, seem to ends, and doorstops

irritate the foot. But its use just they have one or more sides covered My little girl had trouble with

begins at the feet. with moleskin to protect the floors her plastic boots chafing her legs.

This adhesive padding can be and table tops. Metal wastebaskets The cold air made the plastic brittle,

used to make eyeglasses more comwill never leave a telltale rust mark and the boots literally beat against fortable and keep them from slipping or scratch on your kitchen tile if her legs when she walked. A small

down when you are working on moleskin protects the bottom edge square of moleskin at the inside of sewing or books. It can be cut into of the basket. each boot remedied the situation.

tiny circles to adhere to the clamps If you sew you will appreciate a In running my fourteenroom on your earrings making them more ring of moleskin around the middle house here on our farm, with the comfortable to wear. Little girl's of your sewing machine head to four children running in and out

barrettes will not slide out of their accept pins and needles. It makes a and a constant flow of pets, toys,

silky hair if moleskin is applied to handy pin cushion. Toaster legs will and friends, I appreciate moleskin.

the underside of the top of the barnever mar your formica table top I am surprised when I find friends rette. Hats that have a way of if you apply moleskin. that put up with rattles and bangs

slipping and sliding will cling if a But it doesn't end with scratch preand discomforts. All I do is reach

few narrow strips of moleskin are vention. This soft, adhesive fabric for the moleskin, and it solves most

applied to the inside of the hat over is in its way a nerve tonic. Your of my comfort problems. I hope

the slippery band. house can be a quiet house even if others will find it as helpful as I

A before blister or after blister there are several children. Toys can have.

602 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Celestial Family Organization

(Continued from page 581)

the eternal connections and relationships which should be formed here in order to be enjoyed there; who

that has felt one thrill of the energy and power of eternal life and love which flows from the divine spirit of revelation, can ever be contented with the corrupt pleasures of a moment which arise from the unlawful connections and desires? Or what

Saint who has any degree of faith in the power of the resurrection and of eternal life, can be contented to throw himself away by matrimonial connection with sectarians or other worldlings who are so blind that they can never secure an eternal union by the authority of the Holy

Priesthood which has power to bind that which shall be bound in heaven? By such a union, or by

corrupt, unlawful, and unvirtuous connections and indulgences they not only lose their own celestial A relaxing, refreshing seagoing vacation included in your crown and throne, but also plunge Cunard trip to Europe... enriched by spacious, comfortatheir children into ruin and darkness,

which will probably cause them to ble accommodations, wonderful international cuisine and neglect so great salvation for the flawless service, a multitude of interesting activities and sake of the love and the praise of friendly companions aboard ship the world and the traditions of men.

my friends—my brethren and

sisters, and especially the younger GO CUNARD FOR WIDEST CHOICE OF SHIPS, SAILINGS, class of our community! I beseech

you in the fear and love of God and and RATES TO EUROPE entreat you in view of eternal glory and exaltation in this kingdom, to Throughout the year, Cunard offers an avdeny yourselves all the corrupt and erage of three sailings a week to Europe..

abominable practices and desires of including weekly fiveday crossings by the the world and the flesh, and seek to be pure and virtuous in all your superliners Queen Elizabeth and Queen ways and thoughts, and not only so, Mary. You can enjoy extra savings from

but make no matrimonial conneclower rates and a 10% reduction on roundtions or engagements till you have asked counsel of the Spirit of God trip tickets if you select sailings in the in humble prayer before him; till Thrift Season.

you know and understand the principles of eternal life and union suffiCRUISE CUNARD to the CARIBBEAN, THE MEDITERRANEAN, ciently to. act wisely and prudently,

and in that way that will eventually THE NORTH CAPE, THE SOUTH PACIFIC AND FAR EAST!

secure yourself and companion and your children in the great family Cruises in every season, ranging from 1290 days in length, organization. celestial circle the of

that their parents to 1 say own salwith rates to fit your taste and budget vation, as well as that of their children, depends to a certain extent Getting there is half the fun!

on the bringing up of their children SEE YOUR TRAVEL AGENT... GO

and educating them in the truth that their traditions and early impressions may be correct. No parthis neglect to continues ent who BO 9-5300 to CUNARDCUNARDLINE, 25 Broadway, N. Y. 4 come themselves after have they

210 Post Street, San Francisco EX 2-1307

AUGUST 1961 603 the knowledge of the truth, can be counted worthy to enjoy the celesthat they enjoy the things of this saved in the celestial kingdom. tial glory in the world to come; world and the pleasures and passions

In regard to matrimony, I suppose therefore, they must remain as they thereof; but death closes the scene

some will tell me that in the resurare, and never enjoy that sweet union and eternity finds them poor rection they neither marry nor are and exaltation which is prepared for wanderers and outcasts from the given in marriage. That is true, the Saints of the Most High. Thus commonwealth of the celestial famfor the best of all reasons—because are all judged according to the deeds ily and strangers to the covenant of

they do it here; and thus bind on done in the body; and that which promise. Their former covenants

earth that which shall be bound in they sow they shall also reap. If come to an end with their life, and

heaven, and that too by God's own they choose in this world to follow in that world they can neither marry authority; and this being the world the wicked lusts and pleasures of nor be given in marriage; conseof preparation and that the world the moment by unlawful connecquently they must remain unassoof enjoyment. Therefore there is tions; or if they choose to be united ciated in family capacity, and

no need of doing it in that world. after the manner of this world by therefore, have no kingdom over

Those who do not understand and being joined with a companion who which to reign, nor any possible attend to the ordinances and authoris not worthy of an eternal covemeans of increasing their own glory.

ity of God in this world, neither by nant and of the "seal of the living There will be weeping, wailing, and themselves nor by proxy, are not God,"why then, the consequence is, gnashing of teeth indeed; for who

can endure eternal disappointment?

Who can endure to be forever banii'... with one step... JJ mother,ished andwife,separatedchildren,fromand father,every

kindred affection, and from every

RICHARD L. EVANS family tie? For none of our relationships will be recognized by the

this unless sein world, 1 authorities.mifi-::::: Lastjourneyweekof awethousandcited amilesproverbbeginswhichwith said:one step.""The in here an everlasting cured to us

like to the subject pursue should Today we cannot which be broken, covenant S/THE"/ SPOKEN life to of life, to side It applies every 'auconstituted sealed every and by the WORD further.

decision, to our whole course of conduct and comthorities of the living God.

mitment: to our choice of a profession or pursuit, to our choice

the the did Lord promise Well by to actions, to every to standards, in marriage, of a the making that of the Prophet Malachi mouth utterance. habit, to every attitude and thought, "The to every

he would send Elijah the Prophet journey of a thousand miles begins with one step."1 This emphasizes

of the great the and before coming all things, for in a respectful, for thoughtfulness the constant need that of the dreadful Lord; and day

It also that there to emphasizes all problems. prayerful approach

seal, turn, (Elijah) or bind should he stubborn, safety, or hasty in any no assurance no wisdom, is no chilto the fathers the hearts of the to decision. ignore tendency shortsighted Regardless of some or children of the the hearts and dren

truths, eternal timeless standards, or explain always away we live earth fathers, lest the to the whole of will rationalizing consequences, causes no amount with and and smitten a curse. with should be And

all of aside. the set experience past, and ever them And all the

it, if Elijah the will receive you the happiness and heartache of people living in the present would Prophet has been sent in these last fixed to step not one firm determination any on go a and suggest earth, the has to on and days man this all this cited suggests, the All road. proverb and wrong sealing of the the keys conferred

all to to done, as to youth not should and be more. what much And in forth that others go might power

it entertain it"—don't the others, simply suggests—"don't do even

Spirit, priesthood, his and and power is to great conviction "no"the say a idea. courage and have To in earth heaven. seal But both and on

is us; safety. are the Life before of always source commandments of unto them some they done have

always in force; decisions are always important; causes always lead whatever they listed, and even so

to simply should to ought consequences. decide what And we we suffer others under perhaps may

go, shouldn't keep should shouldn't do, and where and and we are the keys their cruel hand. But

our feet firmly fixed, and not flirt with the questionable or shady on the earth and shall not be taken situation. side of indicates step or a any Every unwholesome is it till sealing accomthe from

is unless there direction, suggests second, step a one and some of Saints Therefore, plished. O ye real reconsideration, safest repentance. change, some The some the Build Temple High! the Most

it. is, it, is that next to best course not need need The when we gather and of our God, sanctuary and

not to postpone repentance. For realizing the highest happiness, together thereunto. For there, saith

give, that that a loving Father, can God, the peace and progress the Lord, will I reveal unto you the that journey of a thousand""The years—must remember we

indeed, the journey of all eternity—"begins with one step."1 And fulness of mine ordinances pertainthoughtfully, respectfully, prayerfully we should approach all ing to the Holy Priesthood and

problems, all choices, all decisions. preparation, by which the living and

the dead may be redeemed and asso- ] Laotse, The Simple Way, No. 64.

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the ciated in the exalted principles of

Columbia Broadcasting System, June 11, 1961. Copyright 1961. eternal life and joy. Amen.

604 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Censoring the Joseph Smith Story (Continued from page 579) six months had elapsed, he was COLUMBIA RESEARCH GROUP'S worse than ever, swearing, drinking, and comporting himself with his accustomed vileness. But this

did not frighten away his celestial visitors."'7

frankly hostile, C. Though

Ward's Mormonism Exposed is no F. BOOKMMof MORMON

more inaccurate than the others: "In

springthe this (at of the year 1820 time, Smith a THE COMPACT EDITION be it remembered was lad years of of 15 age) an angel toappeared alleges) him (so book historyThe veryas samethe firstrecordingcompletethatrecordingmade he and this scripture, great now withinforbade to join himself him to any 'Mom of price of at the lowest everyone reach sect,church or that all they were wrong. I leave it to you to reflect anywhere!lifetime of inspirationThe Fulfilledand Gospelenjoyment.for a

upon the tremendous improbability 50 unbreakable gold vinyl records.

of this yarn from the beginning."38 16% rpmf Chapter spirals and index

But did he ever allege that? And for fast reference.though Thomas Gregg in his anti95

a only "classic"$10.00 pay to promises includeMormon DOWN and

for an 3 months, month"the important of portions"more total of low unbelievable 9 39 95 Smith's"Joseph statement,"omits he the part of the first vision which * Gold Plate Edition, 33V3 rpm. $69.90.

Smith puts in italics—obviously one

of the less important portions. 39

is "This the fabricated story pubSend this coupon to: COLUMBIA RESEARCH GROUPlished to the world imposter."by this

M. W. Montgomery declares in 1890: I I $9.95 enclosed, please send full al3600 Market St., Salt Lake City, Ut.

"Smith claimed that the Lord visited bum. I agree to pay $10.00 per

him in a vision at frequent intervals month for 3 months to complete and told him that the golden plates payment. Name..

contained the fulness of the Gospel dispensation."10 A fabricated story I I Enclosed $39.95. Please send comAddress

indeed! plete album.

The twentieth century was ushered City in by T. W. Young's remarkable Enclosed $3.98. Please send "Viwork, which tells us that when sions"record—our latest release. State....

Joseph Smith was fifteen years old no church would receive him as a member, since he "pretended to have revelations and visions, and to have received visits from John the Baptist, and the apostles Peter, James, and John. It is hardly to be expected that any sensible church

receive such a disreputablewould character. revela- n His pretendedtions made him the butt of the uBURNED OUT

community.... He finally left home REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY

to escape ridicule."Four years

later, according to this high author- A fire may mean you are out of a place to live, ity, to returned Smith Palmyra and with tremendous added expense before you find 41 visited Moroni.was there by another.

In a work published in Utah, and Let us explain your need for ample insurance therefore recommended as highly 7 authentic, Josiah Gibbs in 1909 anto cover today s higher values.

nounced that "Mormon chronology begins in 1823,"and proceeds to tell UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

AUGUST 1961 605 of Joseph Smith and the founding myself I found myself lying on my thus twice employed in a single of the Church with no mention back looking up into heaven. Three year? AntiMormon writings have a

whatever of the first vision, though years later he had two similar exway of following a changing pattern he has a great deal to say about the periences."43 And D.H.C. Bartlett through the years.

little dots to the as set the useful forth in the uses samenature of God Reverend pubAdams The J. Q.

42 effect: darkness gathered "Thick Discourse.King Follett little influential lished antiMor- an

In 1911 two writers played an around me, and it seemed to me for mon book in 1916. In it he tells of

identical trick with the first vision a time as if I were doomed to sudthe revivals, which took place acstory. G. Townsend told Joseph den destruction.... When I came cording to him in 1821: "At this

Smith's version down to "... standto myself again, I found myself time, Joe gave himself up to prayer,

ing above me in the air,"and conlying on my back, looking up into so he said, for many days 'agoniztinued as follows: "One of them heaven."44 Is it pure coincidence ing'to know the truth. [Shades of

spoke to me.... When I came to that the dot technique should be Mrs. Dickinson! Did he really say

'agonizing'?] Suddenly his chamber

was illuminated and an angel ap- - and true church on earth. It is easy to "A Word to Fathers"peared and told him there was no

him that his prayers were heard, and about Them prophesy now. The angel assured

RICHARD L. EVANS 'he was dearly beloved of the Lord, and should be commissioned a

We should like today to approach a subject with prophet after the order of Melchizeless perhaps of sentiment and more perhaps of dek, organizing a church of faithTHE

SPOKEN substance than is sometimes so, although it is ful persons in that line to receive

WORD neither always possible nor desirable so to separate. the Lord in the Millennium.'In a

And perhaps we best could pursue the subject by second visit he was further told 'that citing some sentences from some who have honored their fathers the truth should spring out of the by honoring the obligations and opportunities of life: "Looking earth;'and then, or at a later time,

back,"Roger W. Babson said of his father, "... I cannot help that the earth was the hill Comorah

thinking how utterly wasteful of advice children are.... We [sic], near his home."45 Mr. Adams

usually are either too busy or too proud to ask for [it].... Surely lifts from Mrs. Dickinson as freely as

this is a great mistake.... But today it is too late. His spirit has Mrs. Brodie later does from him

fled. No wealth nor power can call it back.... Those of you... ("It was easy to prophesy now"),

who have parents... talk things over with them more than you and yet he insists that this mishmash

do.... Someone else can take your place in almost every other "briefly sums up a long story as

job excepting in the job of being a faithful son or daughter. One told by Joe and later Mormon auword to fathers: Don't wait too long before taking your children thorities."And then the Rev.

into your confidence. Don't figure that you'll know... [there] Adams makes a significant comment:

will be time enough.... This very night... open to them your "A decent reverence for the Holy

heart.... Our families do not want us to leave them with a God ought to forbid the repetition

bigger business. They want more of us.... We have only a few of these stories, such as, for examyears here at most. Let us use them sensibly and quit chasing ple, that the Father appeared in

one another like squirrels in a cage.... No other person in the human form and introduced his Son

whole wide world can take our place in the... home...,"1 Jesus Christ to Joseph Smith. But

Thomas Carlyle said this of his father in thoughts perhaps that reverence has never been a Mormon each of us would wish to say: "Nothing that he undertook to do characteristic."40 This is an enlightenbut he did it faithfully and like a true man. I shall look on the ing statement of policy: Decent,

houses he built with a certain proud interest. They stand firm and reverent people should on principle

sound.... I owe him much more than existence, I owe him a never mention the story of the first

noble inspiring example.... His death was unexpected? Not so; vision.

every morning and every evening, for perhaps sixty years, he This is bad enough, but what had prayed to the Great Father in words which I shall now no shall we say of a master's thesis more hear him impressively pronounce, 'Prepare us for these solemn written in 1929 on Joseph Smith and events, death, judgment, and eternity.'He would pray also, 'Forhis work, which can report: "After a

sake us not now when we are old and our heads grown gray.'God series of visions in which two angels

did not forsake him.... Let me not mourn for my father, let me appear and converse with him, a

do worthily of him.... Let me... walk as blamelessly through being 'surrounded with a light like

this... world, if God so will, to rejoin him at last.... God give that of day...'materialized. Smith

me to live to my father's honor, and to His. And... in the world was directed by this apparition

of realities may the Great Father again bring us together in whom he afterwards says is Mormon, perfect holiness and perfect love!"2 to a stone box of 'golden plates'"?4T

Babson. Babson nTo Nathaniel by Roger W. Carlyle. For artful dodging, the doctor's Carlyle, Reminiscences: James 2Thomas

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the dissertation of George Arbaugh surColumbia Broadcasting System, June 18, 1961. Copyright 1961. passes the mere master's thesis of

606 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA DISTINCTIVE BINDINGSMiss Pancoast by as much as the ofglory surpasses that the doctorate For a Permanent Reference of the Improvement Eraof the Artium. Magister Here we

have a Ph.D. thesis from the University of Chicago, reprinted as late

as 1950, devoted entirely, as the title JL or 12 issues in handproclaims, to the subject of Revelasome covers only $3.30. All

tion in Mormonism, and the first vision is only mentioned in one orders should be accomsentence, where it is diligently panied with 12 Improveburied: ment Eras and payment in

"How different was the official acadvance, plus postage for count worked out at Nauvoo, containing artificial visions and pious return mail.

platitudes and generous Scripture quotations! Riley amazingly assumed the historicity of the official

story. Meyer recognized that the The West's Finest

vision in which the Father and Son Printers and Binders appear is borrowed from the transfiguration of Christ, but he mistakenly supposed that Riley's interpretation was, in general, sound."18 Deseret

And that, if you please, is the only mention in Arbaugh's whole bookon Mormon revelation of the first...-.:;....J \News

vision, the most important revelation of all. If Riley's position is so

"amazing,"and if a scholar of #33 RICHARDS Press

Eduard Meyer's eminence accepts EM 4-3581 it, why doesn't Arbaugh tell us just SALT LAKE CITY, UTAT4 what is wrong with it? That should

be the proper business of his thesis, and yet he will not even touch it.

Nor will he consider Meyer's very good reasons for accepting 1820 as THE CENTER OF the date for the first vision, whatCONVENIENCE ever might have happened. For &***>* -.9* NEW AMERICA

Eduard Meyer, who knew perhaps Looajji MOTEL history the of religions ROOMS aboutmore 330BEAUTYBEAUTIFUL

MAINSALONAT FIFTH BARBERSHOPSOUTH other century,than any of our man was convinced that the first vision furnished a reliable key to Joseph

Smith's career: without the first vision nothing Smith does makes

it,sense, with everything he does salt lake city very sense. 49makes good Now.:.

In to returned 1957 Arbaugh the (iiojllhpk(wM urn mMi Ivwwj littlefray with an impartial book called Gods, Sex, and Saints, the

Mormon Story, in which he has this to say of the first vision: "In 1820,

toaccording divine plan, two gods, the Father apThe University conies to you! and Jesus, (Adam)

peared to Joseph Smith near his home in New York. They revealed

to him the Nephite scriptures which Home in time were restored to him by

Moroni."50 The gratuitous touches Study

about Adam and the Nephite scriptures are Mr. Arbaugh's own invention; he cannot simply repeat the BrighamHomeYoungStudyUniversity

story without disfiguring it with Provo, Utah gross inaccuracies. Why is that? Please send, without cost, a Home Study catalog to

Nnm

Address

City. Stcte.

AUGUST 1961 607

JUST

Does he suspect that the original 1861 the Edinburgh Review broke have distorted Joseph Smith's acstory makes very good sense, so that down and quoted the key lines from count, even while they profess to be the ordinary reader cannot be Joseph Smith's story: "Scarcely had following it. It would be hard to

trusted with it? Arbaugh's irrehe uttered this prayer, when his match such thorough and wholesale

sponsibility is apparent in the opentongue, he says, became paralyzed abuse of a document in the whole ing blast of his new book: "About and he fell into a state of profound history of historiography.

1830, in the state of New York, a depression [He says?].... One of (To be continued)

new sect was founded by Joseph them, calling him by name said,

Smith...."51 About 1830? Can't he pointing to his companion—'This is FOOTNOTES

hearken to Son: wellbeloved better than the year? guessdo my

ei cit., 'p. 14. J- Turner, op. last allimportant the him.'At its original form, the present In

"'Editorial, "Mormonism; Moor, New inaccurately are out (though wordsstudy quotations burdened was by in America,"and England hammedanism

from more than fifty important antireported), but their effect must be in Dublin University Magazine, March

Mormon writings, all of which were instantly expunged by the acid of 1843, p. 285.

guilty of deliberately disfiguring the editorial comment: "This alleged 'American Whig Review, June 1851,

557. is of the p. excellent vision sample anfirst vision story. space To save or Lt. Gunnison, The Mormons J. W. of invention impudent and poverty has catalogthis monotonous been Latterday Saints (Philadelphia: "J. B. Lipcut in half, so that we have preaudacity by which all the visions or pincott & Co., 1856), pp. 26, 91.

in of the were Conybeare, prophet revelations Edinburgh The 28W. J. of onlysented twentyfive the above

54 ibid., see April also p. 162; 1854, it is If such an Revieiv, characterized."list, to herewith the consign and 7. 1863, antidon't excellent example, why of obscuritv a footnotedecent the Reynolds, Times, em- a'Johnp. Own My

it instead welcome Mormon writers also, bracing the History sources, Lifeother the of reader which My may consult at his leisure. 52 All of them of avoiding it? Because there is (Illinois, 1855), p. 565.

Its Leaders it, Hyde, 30John Jr., Mormonism, disprove say to can they nothingwill busily censoring found be Joseph (N.Y.: Designs P. Fetridge, 1857) W. as and try hard, of them though some storySmith's distorby calculated 240. 199, pp. after Brodie, quoting Mrs. whention omission, Geschichte and 31Theod. Olshausen, der and invariably Morby deleting the allimportant words Joseph Smith's story at length, monen ( Gottingen: Vandenhoeck u. Rup11. recht, visions p. than "Lesser 1856), hastens to add: identify visitors. the heavenlywhich

Historical Radius, Account 32J.S.C. of folklore in the this were common writers fromThe works whose we Religion, Christian the Sect 2nd of say Every dare (so area"the of what? we just arehave quoted by no means Blower, T. (London: Ed. p. 112. 1864,)

obscure or minor figures in the field; people even had dreams), and folPomeroy Tucker, Origin, Rise, and

in fact, we know of no really imlows this up with a typical insinuaProgress of Mormonism (N.Y.: D. Apple-

p. 28. & Co., 1867),portant writer antiMormon who Abbott, History of Ohio (1875), p. J.

in this article—ifnot mentioned we is Palmyration: "Oddlynewspapers,enough,whichhowever,in laterthe ton698.

have overlooked some (which is years gave him plenty of publicity, E. E. Dickinson, New Light on Morquite possible), the fact still retook no notice of Joseph's vision monism, Intd. by Thrulow Weed (N.Y.:

32f. Wagnalls, it Funk & 1885), pp. supposed either time at the was inthat the twentyfivemains above

Beers, Puzzle and The W. Mormon other or to at any occurred have reallyclude the big in names It. Solve (N.Y., Chicago, London: 55 How'"R. to to understand are time."We i.e., it is literature, aantiMormon Wagnalls, p. 28. that Funk & 1887),

genuinely representative list. All of there is something very odd about 37Rev. Waldo Messaros, The Road to

these writers were acquainted with that newspaper silence, something Heaven (Philadelphia: Globe Bible Pub.

584. Co., p. 1888), Brodie Mrs. suspicious. Only very official history the first vision,the of Ex- C. Fenwick Ward, Mormonism it is for hand, her has overplayed explicitly assertand most of them posed: 'The an Founder of Mormonism

that they are simply reporting that she who tells us that "in later years"Infamous Impostor,'(Manchester: Wm.

history; yet not one of them menwhen the newspapers "gave him Kemp, 1897).

'Thos. Prophet Gregg, The of Palmyra they publicity"of when andtions story as plenty of the the episode key

12. B. (N.Y.: p. Alden, 1890), first all the about certainly knew it, the told wordsthe Mormons Montgomery, De40M. The Mormon W.J.

still not mention did vision they original, in that so the it—lusion 17.underlined p. (1890),

it suptime at the "... either was Its T. Young, "Rev. Mormonism: W. could possibly miss them,nobody

Origin Doctrines at Arbor: and or (Ann any Dangers to happened have posed the that identify Fatherthe words

12. p. Wahr, 1900), of Goe. her argument time!'other Thus Son. theand F. Gibbs, Lights 42Josiah Shadows and of

is as proving worthless silence ( Salt Co., Tribune Pub. Lake Mormonism are indeed antiMormon There of the newspart the on ignorance 167. p. 1909), of report that part the crucialbooks the same preserved for they papers, Conversion 43Geo. Townsend, The of

story, Smith's they are butJoseph definitely they at a Mission (Hartford: time silence Church Mormonism when

the exception that proves the rule. knew Joseph Smith's story. Pub. Co., 1911), p. 8.

ReligGovernment Handbook ofA in theious Stimulated by the reading of this Latterday"Rev. D.H.C.Saints,Bartlett,WhenceThe CameMormons,They?or United Denominations

States for the year 1844 actually article in manuscript, Dr. Milton (Liverpool: J. A. Thompson & Co., 1911)

p. 6.printed Joseph Smith's own story Backman of BYU recently underBirth Adams, Mormonism The of Q. all available J. through took a search reader the comment,**without but

19. Press, p. (Boston: The Gorham 1916), States histories the of and of United findwill a without search day many wIbid., 20. Jones, The C. Sheridan p. discovered in America, and that pass such religion anothering can book Salt Secrets the Truth about Mormons. of

a test for honesty. At least this that all writers who mention the first Lake City (London: Wm. Rider, 1920.)

writer has still to discover one. In vision without a single exception "Eva L. Pancoast, Mormons at Kirtland

608 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ( M.A. Thesis, Western Reserve Univs.,

May 1, 1929), p. 4.

48Geo. Revelation B. Arbaugh, in MorIs the Cl)UrcI)%WS monism re- (U. of Chicago Press, 1932,

printed 1952), pp. 34f.

4!'E. Meyer, op. cit., pp. 2833, 47, 16f.

50G. B. Arbaugh, Gods, Sex, and Saints.?

Story (Rock The Mormon Island, 111.: in your hnome:

Press,Augustana p. 24. 1957),

olIbid., p. 9.

D2We give them in chronological order:

Religious Rupp's Denominations, 1844, Every wedk the Deseret News

C. F. Potter, cited by ReThe Story of

ligion as told in the Lives of Its Leaders "Church News"Section brings (N.Y.: Simon & Schuster, 1929), p. 528; Latterday Saints together.

E. Hickman, Sifted Mormonism (London:

Jarrold 3; Tracts on It is an official organ of the Church & Sons, 1850), p.

Mormonism, No. 2 (London, 1850) Hisand contains reports, instruction

torian's Office Vol. 089, 3, No. 807, p. 5); and news that should be in every Davis,Emerson D.D., Century The Half

(Boston: Tappan & Whittemore, 1851), L.D.S. home. It costs so little. Mail

Britain Great p. 394; Census of 1851, Rethis coupon now for information.

ligious Worship, p. cvi.; Samuel 1853, M.

Smucker, The Religious, Social, and Political History of the Mormons, or Latterday

Saints, from Their Origin to the Present

Time (London, 1851), p. 20, and in

many subsequent editions; The National "CHURCH NEWS"

Magazine, Vol. VI, No. 6 (June 1854), 143 South Main Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah

p. 482; Rev. Emilius Guers, Irvingism and Please send me subscription information on the

Mormonism Tested by Scripture (London: "Church News."

J.UtahNisbetand &theCo.,Mormons,1854), p.The52; History,B. G. Ferris,GovName

ernment, Doctrines, Customs, and Prospects Address of the Latterday Saints (N.Y.: Harper &

Bros., 1856), p. 57; Is Mormonism True City State

or Not? (London 1855), p. 11. (Historian's

Off., 089.1 #7390); The Lamps of the

Temple (London, 1856), pp. 479, 490ff.;

S. M. Smucker, Religious and Political

History of the Mormons ( N.Y. and Auburn,

1856), pp. 20, 32; John Timbs, English

Eccentrics and Eccentricities (London:

R. Bentley, 1866), p. 228; N. W. Green, This is the place to stay in Salt Lake City

Mormonism: Its Rise, Progress, and Present

Condition (Hartford: Belnap & Bliss,

1870), p. 412; J. H. Beadle, Life in Utah;or, the Mysteries and Crimes of MormonHOTEL UTAH

ism; the History of Mormonism, ( Toronto

H. H. Hovey 1873), & Co., p. 23; W. Lang, and MOTOR LODGEHistory (Springfield, O.: County of Seneca

Transcript Printing Co., 1880), p. 649;

Geo. Wotherspoon, Mormonism: or The SWIM at the Motor Lodge

Faith of the Latterday Saints: Its History

and Moral (London: The Sunday Lecture DINE at the beautiful new

Society, 1886); Thos. E. Hill, Hill's Album SKY Room, atop the hotel

Hill Biography Art (Chicago: andof or the Coffee Shop

Co., 32f;Standard Book pp. 1888), or Restaurant the CrossroadsKnowledge, (N.Y.: Magazine Weekly A

John B. Alden) Vol. I, No. 9, August 2, (Motor Lodge)

1890, p. 176; O. F. Berry, The Mormon

Settlement in Illinois, in Transactions of SEE the outstanding scenic the Illinois State Historical Society, 1906, attractions nearby

Outline of Mormon History,"in The GosYOUR CSIOICE of downtown locations,

Vol.pel the Kingdom, 8 V, No. of to (Aug. adjacent Temple Square

Harry p. 113; Joseph M. Beardsley,1913),

air conditioned Modern, rooms ( Boston; HisSmith Modern and Empire

83f; Mifflin p.N.Y.: Houghton Co., 1931), Write or phone DAvis 8-91 14 for reservations

Strange"Marrying Case Mormons. The

of American Polygamy,"in M.D. MagaMax Dean, Manager

zine III (June 1959), pp. 111-5.

53I.D. Rupp (Ed.), Religious Denominaintions the United States (Philadelphia, PEWS, PULPIT* CHANCEL 404ff.1844), pp. ChristmasSell GREETINGand All Occasion CardsCARDS Gifts

Stationery Jewelry Wrappings Toys Review, Edinburgh October 1861, p.

Imprinted Christmas Name Cards FURNITURE202.

in Extra Spare Make for Free catalog Time j write experience needed.Money indiOrganizations, No op. cit., 55F. M. Brodie, pp. 22f. W AND LOWDIRECTPRICES viduals, can shutins—all big succeed. Make

profits to tonew Write 100%, for for day samples. then Try friends, 30 pay days—too. Christmas21 Card J.RRedington&Co. or return. Catalog, Color Free Free Album Ass't. SI. 00 Imprinted Christmas Cards, Details. Name

DEPT. 10 SCRANTON 2, PA. HEDENKAMP, 361 Broadway, Dept.ER-1, New York 13, N.Y.

AUGUST 1961 609 FILMS President Hugh B. Brown DEVELOPED i

AND PRINTED per roll ( Continued from page 573

For any 6, 8 or 1 2 Exposure B & W Roll

JUMBO PRINTS only 35c per Roll

I WOULD BE WORTHY COLOR FILM I thank thee, Lord, that thou hast called me "son,"DEVELOPING soul with the astounding thought KODACOLOR And fired my 8-Exposure Rolf per That there is something of thee in me.

Dev. and Printing $2.55 roll

12Exposure Roll per Impel me to be worthy.

Dev. and Printing $3.00 roll

Color Reprints 20c each COLOR SLIDES I am grateful for a covenant birth;

135 mm Color Slides per For noble parents and an ancestry who beckon me 135 exp.,mm ColorDev. andSlidesMount $1.35 rollper To heights beyond my grasp, but still attainable

exp., 36 Dev. and Mount $2.40 roll If with stamina and effort I cultivate their seed—Color Movie per

8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35rol'And prove that I am worthy.

GENEALOGY PHOTOS NEGATIVES MADE of OLD I am grateful for a companion on this Eternal Quest,

PHOTOS, 60c each. PRINTS Whose roots and birth and vision match my own; of NEGATIVE, 4c each

Send coin only - no C.O.D.'s Whose neverfailing faith and loyalty have furnished light in darkness,

MoneyBack Guarantee And resteeled fortitude. May her faith in me

SAM'SP. O. Box 1115 Dept.PHOTOAA Salt Lake City,LABUtah Inspire me to be worthy.

I am grateful for the cleansing power of parenthood,

FABULOUS, NEW With its selfdenial and sacrifice—prerequisites to filial and parent love;

I humbly thank thee;5 -Ft. Long Balloons For each child entrusted to our care,

If I would associate with them eternally,

Twist into a Thousand Shapes!

GIRAFFESDACHSHUNDS - Pets of All Kinds I know I must be worthy.

25c Add Made of Postage <or $1 and I am grateful for the one who was recalled in youth, Live Latex 200 Handling

Delight Kiddies—GrownUps, Too! For his love and loyalty and sacrifice.

Almost 5 feet long when inflated. Balloons this

size usually sell to up each. 25c his the of life clean memory and manly May keep resolute the hope onlySend now. $1 Plus 25c postage handling and

for variety of 200 a colors; gay limited Supply That this renew companionship price, I may with thee; lowin so order several sets him—and NOWGUARANTEEDat PROMPT DELIVERY. BACKfor MONEY

FreeGUARANTEE. Instructions. Complete this For worthy. I would be

MURRAY HILL HOUSE Dept. B-265, Box 251, Bethpage L I., N. Y.

I am grateful for the children of my children.

[>ll4M.M|i l <> a(i I"<<—1,H- <..,"... And, in anticipation, for others yet to be.

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS Keep alive, I pray, within my bosom, a sense of obligation unto them,

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple To pass a name unsullied as it came. To become an honored sire,

sore throat and other minor mouth and throat irritations. O make me worthy!

I am grateful for the lifting power of the gospel of thy Son; HALLS REMEDY

Salt Lake City, Utah For the knowledge thou hast given me of its beauty, truth, and worth.

BMI -<>—Ml-—TnW-.i iKWUlm

To attain its promised glory, may I to the end endure,

And then, forgiven, let charity tip the scales and allow me

The most economical food wrap To be considered worthy.

you can use!

—Hugh B. Brown

KITCHEn CHARIT1 WAXED PAPER

610 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Church Moves

(Continued from page 558)

priests, and the other members of the

First Council of the Seventy will be so ordained. Under the direction of

the Twelve Apostles, the First Council of the Seventy go to all parts of the world to set in order the affairs of the Church. That means ordaining high priests, setting apart presidents of stakes, high councilmen,

setting apart presidents of high priests'quorums, etc., and doing

other things necessary for the advancement of the work. The First DESIGN

Presidency and recently Twelve ENGINEER agreed that the First Seven PresiNO. K-3 TABLE

dents of the Seventy under appointTEMPERED MASONITE NEEDED ment by the Twelve, should have FOLDING TABLES EXCELLENT POSITION factory Sale saving Summer to set inpower order all things perChurches, Schools, Clubs, taining WITH to their assignment; this to and Lodges all organizaand

tions. is 1961 official an that announcement they MONROE GROWING UTAH FIRM

Folding Tables are Banquet are so authorized."

for quality, unmatched durDesired Qualifications ability, narration convenience The and Laborers in the

Vineyard was presented as a part of everyhandsomeuse. Writeappearance.for summer68 modelssale pricesandNOW.sizes for EDUCATIONDegree in Mechanithe concluding general session of the cal Engineering

FREE—Color pictures.BIGFull1961line tables,CATALOGchairs, table EXPERIENCE-2-10 years in designMIA June conference this afternoon.

and chair trucks, platformrisers, portable work partitions, bulletin boards. Write today!

Elder Wilford W. Kimball THE MONROE CO., 249 Church St., Colfax, Iowa RELIGIONLDS preferred

sustained as president of Responsibilities would include developmental

Sugar House (Salt Lake City) work on the Tote Gote, the first "offhigh-

Stake, succeeding President A. Hamer way"cycle produced in the United States.Reiser who is on a special assignment TYPEWRITERS

in England for the First Presidency. especially suitable for Please Write

BONHAM CORPORATIONPresident Kimball's counselors are 220 Provo, UtahElders Veon G. Smith and Lloyd T. GENEALOGY WORK P.O. Box

Johnson. Released with PresidentReiser were his counselors, Elders SAVE!!

Keith C. Casper and Weldon S.

Coleman. 25% to 60% The

Elder William Bates sustained as on Factory Rebuilts president of Manchester (England) PORTABLES - STANDARDS Improvement Era

Stake, succeeding President Robert ELECTRICS JJ

G. Larsen. President Bates'counWrite For Free Literature "Gospel in Artselors are Elders James R. Caddick

and Derek Plumbley. John Both Qnc. SdiMij&ibL,President Bates and Elder Caddick Programserved as counselors Business to President Supplies Machines and

Larsen. 757 So. State will make available

Salt Lake City 11, Utah to Era subscribers exclusively TtelutiCnI watttvcolop prints of

The more deeply we delve into the greatwondrous wisdom, the marvelous Jin ofrigmal, Each professional, pahitiiio'- skill, the and astounding variety of large W'xW'slzeT paintings new alike... eXiictfy tM'O Noits creation, which reacjy cannot matted do we fov

forT/v>ur by worldrenowned Ideal home.fn\ne.without the Clflurli, aid office, learning, gift. the or n of

Friberg Arnold bi'tts.greater $14eadjjiiwfraU grows the wonder and awe

its Creator and the louderwe feel for man:md tiSW. C.aV'fbalancec.O.D. charges.sendplus-...pcst/iWeOrderyayostthe Watch

the praises we offer Him—Milton September issue "tmon for a full announcement

Box 1443Salt on this great opportunity

LaKe Citylo.TztnK

AUGUST 1961 611 Ill

When we look into the long avenue of the future, and see the good there is for each one of us to do, we realize, after all, what a beautiful thing it is to work and to live, and to be happy.—Robert Louis Stevenson

Employer, to newly hired steno: "Now I

hope you thoroughly understand the importance of punctuation?"Steno: "Oh, yes

indeed. I always get to work on time."

Knavery and flattery are blood relations.—Abraham Lincoln

Teacher: "The sentence 'My father had money'is in

Knowing is not enough; we must apply.the past tense. Now, Mary, what tense would it be if

Willing is not enough; we must do.

you said, 'My father has money?'"Mary: "Pretense."

A man who uses a great many words to express his meaning is like a bad marksman who, instead of grea, aiming a single stone at an object, takes up a handful and throws at it in hopes he may hit.—Samuel Johnson

Yluge s'anX

May you live all the Do you know why we call our language the mother days of your life.—Swift tongue? Because father never gets to use it.

A synonym is the word you use when you can't spell the other one.

Any man who has lived through a housecleaning knows why hurricanes are given feminine names.

Window placard in a New York pet shop: "Etc."is a sign used

Lonely kitten desires position with to make believe you little girl—will do light mousework. know more than you do.

612 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA August 1961

Marion D. Hanks, Editor Elaine Cannon, Associate EditorEra of Youth

"To every thing there is a season, and a time to every purpose under the heaven:

"A time to be born, and a time to die;

A time to plant, and a time to pluck up that which is planted;

A time to kill, and a time to heal;

A time to break down, and a time to build up; A time to weep and a time to laugh; mm5 M

A. time to mourn, and a time to dance

A time to cast away stones, and a time to gather stones together;

A time to embrace, and a time to refrain from embracing;

A time to get, and a time to lose;

A time to keep, and a time to cast '-..:

away; A time to rend, and a time to sew;

A time to keep silence, and a time to speak A time to love, and a time to hate; ELAINE FASSLER

A time of war, and a time of peace."PARK STAKE

(Ecclesiastes 3:1-8.)

K i "'a time to be young

There is a time to be young and doing the inimitable things of youth - frankly happy pursuits of learning and practicing and growing...

Of making friends;

Of giving and going to parties;

Of laughing over little things and crying, too;

Of evaluating and making decisions;

Of looking to the future without rushing it;

Of making the most of the present without delay.

But some people's "timing"is off.

They marry when they're supposed to be having fun and have fun when they're supposed to be married... they don't get their Eagle badge until they become Scout masters..

they learn to cook after they're married,.. and study the scriptures when they arrive in the

mission field... or they learn to behave properly after they've been embarrassed in a social

situation... or value gospel principles after they suffered the pangs of repentance... or

they affect the look of "big ladies"in nylons and lipstick when that special freshness of youth is upon them... or they think about being gentlemanly after they've asked for the date...

or they go through the motions of "being in love"when they should be learning about friendship.

Too much too soon, or too little too late can take the bloom off achievement, personal growth, real love.

With only one chance at life, we'd better check our timing. For though some people

say, "better late than never,"it is even better than ever to do what needs to be done when it needs to be done! Elaine Cannon

/ In Season My friend was speaking for the last time on this earth to a congregation of interested Church people, though neither he nor we knew it. It was

wartime; he was a chaplain; and a few days

later he lay dead on an island an ocean away from home. In that talk he quoted the poet:

"Art is long,"he said "and life is fleeting."Some

who were present remembered that night because it was his last with us. Others of us remember ira

because of that—and because of the impact of

his message:

"Art is long, and life is fleeting"

One meaning of the message, of course, was that there is much that outlives mortal life, including man himself. Life is eternal, and because this is so, because the individual personality

* persists and always retains that which has been learned which is of eternal importance, one of the vital purposes of our earth experience is to discover and pursue that which outlasts it. Love

endures, and honor and unselfishness and memory; every gain of the heart and mind and

spirit continues with us forever.

There was further implication for me in my friend's message that night. Mortal life is

fleeting and is vitally important as a proving and preparation period for the endless eternity of which it is part. Every age of man has its special

blessings and opportunities and meanings, its pleasures and purposes. Each part of life has its

irri BY MARION D. HANKS

own abundant harvests, but they are to be recently arrived at Thompson, Ohio, earnestly gathered in season. They cannot be rushed. desiring guidance from the Lord as to how long

Plucked early, the fruit is bitter and unsatisfying they would stay there, and what they should do.

to the taste though it may look good and deThe answer from the Lord was marvelous, sirable; eaten, it may bring sickness and sorrow. applicable to all men in all times, everywhere.

He said, Planting Time and Harvest "... I consecrate unto them this land for a little Someone has said

season, until I, the Lord, shall provide for them "The flowers of all the tomorrows are in the otherwise, and command them to go hence;

seeds of today."

"And the hour and the day is not given unto A fruitful life requires regular planting, and them, wherefore let them act upon this land as forconsistent producing, and the patience to wait.

years, and this shall turn unto them for theirThere is a time to be an infant, a time for childgood."(D&C 51:1617.)hood, for adolescence, and for adulthood. There

The lesson for our times? (All men need tomust be a time for learning, for planning and

know it): Work where you are as if you wouldpreparation, for apprenticeship and useful work,

always be there. Live in a rented home as if itfor making friendships, and for dating and dancwere your own, tend the lawn, clean the walling. There is a time to acquire skill at cooking

paper. Notwithstanding the uncertainties ofand sewing and music, a time for marriage and your future—impending military service, perhapsa family. There is a time for learning reverence

your lessons; guard your moral standand prayer, and a time to learn play and wholewar—study

ards, your character, and reputation; do yoursome recreation. If the harvests are to be happy,

work with an eye to returning. Live and workthere must be planting and nourishing and nurand learn and act where you are "as for years,"

turing, cultivating and caring, and a suitable and you'll always be welcomed back; there will

growing season and climate. Attempting to rush

always be harvests to be gathered IN SEASON.into what an expert called "halfbaked adulthood"

Art is long, and mortal life is fleeting, butis foolish and often tragic. We cannot violate the

eternity is endless, personality persists, and theprogram of nature; without suitable planting

joy of a bountiful gathering will always be his there will be no desirable harvest.

who takes life a step at a time, learning and "As for Years"living, planning and enjoying, planting and

In 1831 the Church was moving West. A group harvesting.

.... Cooling off with a splash

in the pool are Billie Gay Larson and Linda Booth.

.... Whirling with hundreds of

others in the MIA Dance Festival are these girls from Kansas City,

Missouri.

.... Pausing in good friendship—sharing thoughts and

dreams and goals—are Bob

Elton and Norma Freebairn of Tooele, Utah.

.... Knitting, which is

really incidental to casual talk and good company, at the moment. Brett

Reynolds of Salt Lake City chats with Sherie Pardoe at Dallas, Texas, and Mickey Bremer of Ft.

Worth, Texas.

.... Playing pioneer and appreciating your heritage performing

in "Promised Valley."

.... Winning prizes:.:;;;{<

and praises at church socials. In this case

Bishop Joseph S. Wood

honors Bob Brienholt and his brideto-be, Jane Thody. Geri Flandro and

John Ashton at right looking on.

.... Studying the scriptures is a happy activtiy

for Rod Linton and Georgia Whittaker and bright business for anyone else too, on a long summer afternoon.

HAVING A

WONDERFUL TIME!WHEREVER YOU ARE

.... Preparing and

comparing handwork of trousseau items for that temple marriage some distant day are Avis Ardion of Temple City, California, and Wanda Dille of Wendell, Idaho.

.... Pitching hay while the sun shines

proves profitable to Paul Allen who reaps a sun tan and sound muscle tone for school athletics coming up—

besides a pay check.

Face value

BY LaRUE LONGDEN SECOND COUNSELOR. GENERAL PRESIDENCY, YWM1A

The mammoth jet taxied down the long, long guage to express poor ideas. What's his face

runway, purred to a stop, and we deplaned again value? Then there is the sweet girl whose judgat another international airport. Again we were ment isn't quite as good as it might be, who has

part of hundreds of people rushing to and fro—painted her eyebrows in shapes undreamed of by

hundreds of faces, all kinds, some seeming to our Creator, whose hairdo looks as if she's just say "I'm lonesome,"some, "Fm tired,""I'm tangled with an eggbeater and gotten the worst worried,""I'm afraid."Some said, "I'm bored 1"of the deal; who is either overdressed or underand a few were plainly saying, "I'm happy."dressed. You know what we mean. Can she be

It was always the same in every airport, but in taken at face value or might we misjudge her?

each airport there were a few faces we grew to Could she be a sweet, misguided darling who love. Believe it or not, they were the faces of the hasn't discovered that it is smart to dare to be

clocks pointing to the time in different parts of herself and not to try and appear to be someone the world! The one which told us what time it she isn't?

was "back home"was the one we loved most We are remembering a fine young boy whose dearly because it seemed to help to bring us near hair could almost be braided. To look at him,

to our loved ones. his long hair greased and stiff, one wondered

The hands of the clock are guided by a mechanwhether he was trying to look like a drake, comical device from within which makes it pretty plete with tail! Fortunately, that style has

certain that they're telling the correct story. We passed. The youth has grown a few years older,

humans aren't exactly mechanical devices. We and his looks no longer belie the wonderfully

have the power within us to decide what our face clean, intelligent, grand boy he is.

value will be; like the clock, it is still what goes on Sometimes our faces say, "I'm bored with you"

inside that will really tell on our faces. Between when we really mean "I'm afraid."We must

planes in each airport we would talk about the build selfconfidence, respect for each other. We

many faces we would see, and we'd think, "Maybe must be unafraid, and the way to achieve all the one that says 'I'm bored'isn't bored at all, these is to understand why we are Latterday or perhaps that girl isn't as tired as she looks,"Saints and what it means to be a Latterday Saint.

but the fact remains, we formed opinions by what The gospel of Jesus Christ is the way of life. It

we saw on those faces. We took them at their assures that if we live by its teachings, our

face value. mechanism from within will say to the world,

What is my face value? Yours? What goes "I'm happy,""I'm not afraid,""I'm having

into making face value? fun!""Life is good."

What we think, how we act, what we say As we depend upon the face of the clock toour attitudes—determine face value. Right? get us there on time all through our lives, so we

Many of us can think of someone who talks in a depend on the faces of Latterday Saint youth to raucous voice, using poor grammar or vulgar lanreflect the happy time, the right time of their lives.

to start! Time

BY DR. ASAHEL D. WOODRUFF

Success is a long journey, not an incident. realizing as you strive that in the eyes of God

What makes a young person great? and wise men you will be judged by the use you

He has quality.... make of your possibilities. Talk with your HeavHe is developing himself spiritually, intelenly Father, and remember how much he wants

lectually, physically, socially, emotionally. you to be great.

He wants to be something great and good. Don't settle for less than your best. Want the

; you are entitled to it. Look over your failHe can fail at times and still keep his faith in most

ures and learn from them. Don't quit or keephimself and keep trying.

weeping. Every person hurts inside when he

There is a time and a way to get ready for fails, but the one who nourishes the hurt is courtgreatness. The time is now, this moment, and ing failure. Trade it in on a fresh start toward

each moment as it comes along. As an eternal success. This takes courage and inner control.

soul you are well along the way, farther than you The first time you do it you will like yourself may have considered. better. The more you do it, the greater will be

The way to a life of real value is simply to the peace inside of you, and the greater your start—on your own power, by your own decision ability to do it; greater, too, your faith in

without waiting for someone else or some outside yourself.

power to do it for you or to you. Greatness does Remember who you are, child of God, brother

not bloom suddenly, dramatically. It accumulates or sister of the Redeemer. You are an heir to a

imperceptibly from fine moments and through proud spiritual family. Your Father and your

daily choices. Elder Brother want you to make the grade. Get

Start out now to be really worthwhile. Comright with yourself, with your eternal family,

pete with yourself; compete with your friends, and with your friends. Greatness is in you.

too, for the power it gives to you and to them, Give it a chance to show.

i *'*$ m wmk

#W-%TI

wr -i—

:%HE;f1

i? i i

He was running now; his feet racing over the ground. A growing sense of panic spurred him on.

If only it's not too late. It must not be too late. She wouldn't understand; she usually didn't.

She probably wouldn't now. It had been the gang. He should never have listened to them. But

he didn't think.... No use worrying about that now. He had to hurry, try to make up for lost

time. A pain was growing in his side. But he had to keep running.

He was away from the shady street now. The sun speared him with penetrating heat. If only

it weren't so very hot. He couldn't blame the weather, though. It was the gang. He should never

have gone with the gang! The pain in his side belted him.

He panted for breath. He had to slow down for a moment. A tear i

trickled down his cheek and streamed off with the perspiration. The veinsSorry! in his neck were swollen, pulsing. The heat made his head reel. It

by wilford MoiR, jr. wasn't very far now. Maybe... maybe, he could make it. With renewed

GLADSTONE, OREGON determination, he hurried again. But his feet seemed weighted. SomeYOUTH CONTEST AWARD WINNER

times in his sleep he dreamed of trying to run, incapable of making his legs hold him up. He felt that way now. His legs felt like yoyo's wobbling

slowly up and down on a string.

At last, he reached the street. Perhaps he could make it after all. Someone called to him. He

pretended not to hear. He must not stop. The familiar gate was before him now. But even with

the race almost over, he knew that what he had feared was happening. Gasping for breath, he

burst into the house. In the kitchen he stopped, choking for breath, fighting back the tears until

he could speak.

"Mama.... I'm sorry.... The ice cream melted!"

Time running out... a short, short story complete on this page

v

I've quite forgotten what I knew.

I'll try to sneak a a better view.

off Hands

To a clock "no hands"can be crippling...I'll lift my talk right from

this book.

None will know—unless but to people "hands off"is a policy worth

they look! practising. Consider these situations

for further proof.

ifShe's crazy for this boy, I know, But I'm so tired of my old beau.

I need some beads, and Mom's not here.

Oh, well, I'll "borrow"hers, they're dear!

That china clock had lots of dash I didn't mean to let it smash.

About Time The shadovj by my finger cast Before it lies the unknown hour,

Divides the future from the past. In darkness and beyond thy power.

Behind its unreturning line One hour alone is in thy hands,

The vanished hour, no longer thine; The NOW on which the shadow stands.

On a Sundial at Wellesley

It is a good safe rule to sojourn in every place as if you meant to spend your life there, never omitting an opportunity of doing a kindness, speaking a true word, or making a friend.—John Ruskin

"You wake up in the morning, and lo! your purse is magically filled with twentyfour hours of the unmanufactured tissue of the universe of your life! It is yours. It

is the most precious of possessions.... No one can take it from you. It is unstealahle.

Anil no one receives either more or less than you receive.... You have to live on this

twentyfour hours of daily time. Out of it you have to spin health, pleasure, money, content, respect, and the evolution of your immortal soul. Its right use, its most effective

use, is a matter of the highest urgency and of the most thrilling actuality. All depends on that. Your happiness—the elusive prize that you are all clutching for, my friends—

depends on that.—Arnold Bennett

Conversation Piece

WINDING UP WONDERFUL... can happen to at it consistently, you're bound to wind

you, just as surely as winding up a clock up wonderful.

starts a ticking that consistently marks... Patience isn't a qualitythe passing of time. Seconds become TIME TELLS

minutes; minutes turn into hours; the usually associated with youth. But consider

hours total a day. its value in your life in terms of losing weight,

improving attitudes, perking up personality,

So it is with you. The sum total of increasing vocabulary, conquering bad habits,

all the little things you do along the lesson, of kind learning from a lesson—anyway throughout the day is YOU.

tell, does to morals. music you know! Time

There is really only one way to wind up wonderfulthat 's God's way. It's con- A MOMENT TO MUSE... Think about this, then:

sistently trying to be a little better, Elder Richard L. Evans has reminded us in one of

live a little fuller, plan more purposehis "Spoken Word"sermonettes, that there are fully, act more courageously, pray with "many exciting people, many talented and able more faith. Effort grows into ability; and entertaining people... who add interest

ability strengthens into accomplishand usefulness and color to any occasion. But

ment. beyond all this, among the greatest blessings of

By starting where you are, with what life is to feel safe with someone."Don't

you have to work with, and ticking away you agree?

I I I

I I ITHIS IS A VERY BUSY HONEY BEE

MAKING HONEY FOR NABISCO II ISUGAR HONEY GRAHAMS I And that's a job that takes lots of honey. Because so many

people eat so many Nabisco Sugar Honey Grahams. Because

they're the graham crackers made with pure country honey and real graham flour. Extra

delicious and extra nutritious.

America's favorite betweenmeal cracker. Get them in the

economical 2-pound package. *

NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY

''A: This may not be the SS United States, but Dad's still firmly in command. As

head of a wellmanaged family, he has the responsibility for final decisions on all the important matters that affect his family's future: providing a secure home; making

sure there is "growing up"money; assuring an education for the children; and, finally, planning ahead for his own happy retirement years.

In all of these vital decisions, life insurance plays an important part. That's why

we urge you to call your Beneficial Life agent and let him share his special training and wide experience with you.

Send today for informative folder on "Planned Futures. BENEFICIAL LIFE

You'll be glad you did.

Dept. E-8.61

Beneficial Life Insurance Company Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

Beneficial Building Salt Lake City 1, Utah Name..

Street or RFD City; Zone State.