m

iJ(i i- 9

i)4

f

\W1W'?-

SEPTEMBER, 1937 Voiume 40 Number 9 r-. rUHH POSTAGE GUARANTEEO

SALT LAKE City, UTAH.

stands for Tiger—a supersized cat—T

So TOUGH that he'd eat you in two seconds flat!

stands for Monkey—

A FASTMOVING gent.

When you he sees coming, He's already went!

Now mix them both up, and mix them up well.

And there is the secret of New Golden Shell.

Like two oils in one, it's Tough and it's Fast.

It Cuts Starting Wear, and how it does last!

TIGERMONK

Starting causes More Engine Wear than all the running...

.. New Golden Shell Motor Oil is FastFlowing to reduce this wear

Tough so it stands the heat of steady driving.

The New Motor Oil.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1937

TO JAN On His Fourth Birthday By Jonreed Lauritzen A father's message to his SON, WHOSE LIFE WAS TAKEN BY DROWNING, WHEN THE

CURIOSITY OF A CHILD CAUSED HIM TO REACH TOO FAR...

Vou loved hfe as we loved you.

Why must we always lose the thing we love most? If you could

I silence the to through us your answer and would know you surer more and would beWith Ironrife speakanswer the only ironer on the market with satisfying than ours were to all the

TWO OPEN ENDS, a feature which myriad questions you used to ask.

is indispensible to the satisfactory You loved life with a joyous, ironing of garments with plaits, rufdancing, breathless love. Your

fles, gathers, etc. No garment is too happy mind was like a mirror in

fussy for this perfected ironing mawhich we saw life and earth and chine... hand finishing is never heaven in a clearer light. No flower,

automatic,necessary. Controls are tree, no mono no bird, no insect,

. all times atleaving hands free both cJhe UJoors of (college tion, quality, of anything or attribute

to curiosity for you, your guide the garment through the escaped was of To thousands young men and roll. it University Brigham Young women, one needed boundless. meet To

... its this doors autumn will open felt Deity. of the omniscience We Ironrite offers Only opportunito larger leading doors seekconstant before helpless your ties, to better to serve chances and

1. stationary Ends with Two Open ing, explain everyto but we tried progress upward.

forming board; the natural way. thing as best we could.

2. KneeControl—bothControl andhandsKneefreePressingall of wentPerhapsaway. thatPerhapsis oneyoureasonsoughtyouthe wardPreparationsuccess inis hundredsgiven leadingof occuto-

the time. place where there are no mysteries, pations in business, industry, education, to sciences. Added arts, and all questions are answered where 3. Selective Heat Control—varyis this character education and spircertainty; satisfying where for differwith ing degrees of heat itual that afford development a

ent kinds of work. there are no veils of prejudice nor basis for enduring happiness.

blind gropings through mazes of false notion; selfinterest and where STANDARD COLLEGE allre- truth shines a steady, with

vealing flame. Only there could TRAINING

your unquenchable spirit be content. Five Colleges -35 Departments

As for us, you were the center of our every thought. Our hearts REGISTRATION—

danced with your little feet and our September 24, 25, 27 lives swung along on the rapturous

I laughter. of But your rhythm BRIGHAM YOUNG to never meant suppose you were

be ours. This dull world was no UNIVERSITY

place for such a limitless soul. So PROVO, UTAH

LJ. 5 for a FREE Home the angels came and got you when "Scholarship—Spirituality—Character"Demonstration they saw their mistake.

You were a limitless soul. SomeSCHOSS wetimesknewyounothingseemed of—toto live skipin a onworldthe wemoonbeams,like to thinkyouryouwhiteare—ridinghair shiningthe

like that frightened fringes of the mists; with an infinity feet, along your ELECTRIC CO. little feet, ignorance. in our of other merry poor myriads And we Utah, us Brigham City> Tremonton,Ogden,

Malad, Idaho. would hold you close, close, in the dancing on the topmost billows of

fear of losing you. But it was no the clouds. And now in the long

steeped in its beauty and ecstasy, radiant through the storm, we feel QUALITY use. Fresh from Paradise, and night, when the moon breaks you were glad in the very thought a happy spirit slide down on the

APPLIANCE SHOP that made us dread. So you reached rain into our teardrenched hearts,

45 West Broadway for the flower that floated on the and the very buoyancy of you carries... us for awhile into that shining realm Salt Lake City. Utah pond—reached out too far

For further iniormation call or write Gordon One day, before you went away, where there are only music and

E. Wilkins, Factory Representative. 3100 you said: "Mama, I'd like to go beauty and young laughter—where

Telegraph Ave.. Oakland, Calif. up to the moon and slide down on sorrow is a load too heavy to be

the rain."... And that is where lifted on the moonbeams.

Heber J. Grant, Improvement John A. Widtsoe,

Richard L. Evans,SEPTEMBER, 1937 Editors Managing Editor

George Q. Morris, General Mgr.

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"ClarissaJ. K. Orton,A. Beesley,Business AssociateMgr. Mgr.

OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS,

MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD

TEACHERS, OTHER AND AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH

OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS. 'The Glory of God is Intelligence"DO YOU KNOWWhat we mean when we say "We

believe the Bible to be the word of

God as far as it is translated correctly"? 534 TABLE OF CONTENTS

Lyhurcn cfeatures Whatpanionship?are the three C's of Com536

The Log of a European Tour—Part II..Lucy Grant Cannon 533

new Church documents have What of God's The Articles of Faith—IX—The Preservation light? to come 543 534 Widtsoe John A, Word

After One Hundred Years Parry D. Sorensen 540 Where missionary work was started

Illinois Yields Church Documents Richard L. Evans 543 in Canada and under what cirNorth of the Border Abel S. Rich 546 cumstances? 546

"Zion"as It is Today Elias S. Woodruff 556

In Switzerland with President Grant Albert E, Blaser 570 The truth about the cigaret "lift"?-550

From the Centennial President of the European Mission, 533;

Church Moves On, 562; Mormon Missionaries in the Meissen What the Bay Route is? 554

Cast, 572; Josiah Quincy on The Pearl of Great Price, 572;

The British Centennial Pageant in the Salt Lake Tabernacle, What American port is 1,000 miles

Attitudes, 573; Priesthood: 573; Changing H. Wallis, James farther inland than Montreal, and

;'Aaronic, 574; 577; Melchizedek, Ward Teaching, 577; Deyet closer to Liverpool by ocean

;; partment of Education, 579; Mutual Messages, 580; Field than Montreal? 554

U Photos, 580, 581, 582. -

How Jackson County appears today? 556Special Creatures

Companionship Adam S. Bennion 536 The new member of the Church

A Kick in the Overalls Jack Sears 539 Security Board? 562

I"] The Qgarct "Lift*'L. Weston Oaks 550

!! North to Europe....... C. Frank Steele 554 Why heels were invented? 563

The Burial Ground of a Lost Civilization—

Cervetri, the burial about v 564 Anything Toronto Verona Bowen -—...—- -

civilization a lost ground of 564 '... 566 F, Ursenbach Life Abundemt O.

"Era Tree"..Jhe""way in which the Gospel mes571 One

ori Lauritzen, 529; Birthday, Fourth Jonreed His Jan To sage was preached in Meissen, the S. Harris, Franklin Universe, Jr., 563; the Exploring On Germany? 572 Contest, 568; 569; Homing, Rack, MohnLandis Book Ada

592. Advertisers, Ours, 586; 572; to Your and Page Index

How the British press dealt with the ibditonals Kingdom?Mormon centennial in... the: United577

Friend 560 Widtsoe Is Your John A. W Who mission of the seminary? 579 Shall L. Evans Our Hands Be Clean? Richard Of What 560 The

The Nearer Reaches Marba C, Josephson 561 How Sweden is responding to "Mormon"basketball? 580

ecfiction, Lroetry[, Lrosswora [Puzzle the New Zealand press looks How

The Outlaw of Navajo Mountain Albert R* Lyman 544 upon our sports? 580

Golden of Evergreen—A Short Short Story

Sidney DeGrey 549 EXECUTIVEOFFICES:AND EDITORIAL

Street, Salt 50 North Main Lake Girl Career Sherman Walker 552 John City, Utah

Frontispiece: 532; Similarity, Lund, Field of Wheat, Christie bij the 1937, Copyright Mutual Men's Young

Jean McCaleb, 539; Page for Young Writers, 553; Poetry Improvement Association Corporation of the

Page, 567; Sanctuary, Helen Timpson, 576; Scriptural CrossAllChurchrightsof reserved.Jesus ChristSubscriptionof Latterdai)price,Saints.$2.00

word Puzzle, 586; Prayer, Lalia Mitchell Thornton, 587; a year, in advance; 20c Single Copy.

When Day is Done, Catherine E. Berry, 591. Utah,iEnteredas secondclassat the Post matter.Office, SaltAcceptanceLake City,for

mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, Act of October, 1917,Qjhe C(over authorized Tulv 2, 1918.

is not responsible Era Improvement The Border."this issue the salute again of our friends and fellows "North The weTn

manuscripts, unsolicited but conwelcomes calls colonization year to* Jubilee in Western a period mind Canada of Mormon of fortributions. All manuscripts must accompanied be

much longer Church activity in Eastern Canada. The cover photograph is an unusual by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

view of the "Peace Tower"on Parliament Hill in Ottawa, the Canadian capital.

It is dead. the in stone are chiseled of Canada's in which a national shrine names war A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY Steele available the photograph courtesy through of C. Frank was made to the EraThe

of the Lethbridge Herald. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 193 7

200 NORTH MAIN STREET SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

&m McCune School of Music and Art

TRACY Y. CANNON, director

CLnnounces cJhe hjall (cypentng ofme School

SEPTEMBER 1, 1937

PRIVATE INSTRUCTION IN ALL BRANCHES OF MUSIC

PRIVATE OR CLASS INSTRUCTION IN

DRAMATIC ART AND DANCING BEGINNING, INTERMEDIATE AND ADVANCED STUDENTS

MAY ENROLL AT ANY TIME DURING THE YEAR

COURSES LEADING TO DIPLOMA, BACHELOR OF MUSIC

DEGREE, AND MASTER OF MUSIC DEGREE

The McCune School of Music and Art since its inception has held strictly to highest standards in its teaching and idealism. Its

courses of instruction are in accord with the best modern practices of teaching music, dramatic art and dancing to students of all stages of development.

MODERATE TUITION FEES SEND FOR CATALOG

AN INSTITUTIONAL MEMBER OF THE NATIONAL

ASSOCIATION OF SCHOOLS OF MUSIC

sai

Photo by Wayne B. Hales.

FIELD OF WHEAT npwiCEBLESSED, this field of wheat that shimmers here Yet here is something more, something besides

Beneath the caressing sun, stirred by the breeze. The pleasure to the sight, the passing reel

Whispering a hushed song to the hstening ear, Of satiation. These golden, swaying tides

Thrilhng the beautyhungry heart to ease Of grace and symmetry are strong and real.

And deep content. Had it no destiny Here in these beaded stalks, waiting man's scythe.

Beyond this hour, this moment in the sun. Are hidden deeply, health and youth—and life.

It would be quite enough, for it would be As other lovely things, fullblown, then done.—Christie Lund,

..Jii*M-*

Photo bg Pictorial Peatuces.

JhiL LOG OF A EUROPEAN TOUR

By LUCY GRANT CANNON iiSkf Of the General Presidency of the Y. W. M.LA.

The General Presidency of the Y. W. M. I. A.

at the British Centennial; left to right: Lucy Grant

First Counselor;Cannon, Ruth May Fox, President;

Clarissa Counselor. Second A. Beesley, THE point where Sister Cannon AT left off in her last account in the someEarlyconcernthis morningout of theI windowlooked withand

PART II AugustClawson'sErapartyshe andjoinedmadeVidaa tourFoxon althoughclear I knewthe skywe wascouldcomparativelynot be sure in visiting points the Continent the rain because there be no would 30, 1937. Preston, Friday, July Italy, Switzerland, France, Germany, far thus here spent have weeks two in Holland, arriving England and left since America and we not has the that us feel day made Presithis period During July 21.EVER in ease, traveled comfort, and occawithout quite complete Elders dent been Grant, accompanied by

elegance over the ocean to the Richard R. Lyman, Hugh B. Brown, sional showers during the day.

British Isles, we have had vividly in and Joseph Anderson, visited the mind, by contrast, the voyage and French, Swiss and German Missions, At about a quarter to one people journey made by those courageous itinerary and accounts of which have began to gather at Vauxhall Chapel.

and faithful men who, one hundred been given in the Era and elsewhere. Vauxhall is an old brick church,

years ago, brought the message and weatherbeaten and shabby outside.

commenced the work of spreading It has a high stone wall in front and the Gospel in this land. Even as our FROM THE CENTENNIAL a small plot of ground in which are

itpilgrim fathers and as pioneers in all PRESIDENT OF THE some slabs of granite, showing EUROPEAN MISSION had formerly been used as a cemefields of endeavor have battled with adverse conditions so did our first Manchester, Aug. 1, 1937. tery. The interior is very quaint.

is the pulpit celebramidst the high ARE in of a a and pews There Isles. thesemissionaries to as But WE wonpar- high severe with small are and tion—this Centenary—a trip that history acrossthe the of affair! yesterday Our titions, the heads only which above States, toUnited Engand voyage hall derfulmorning—-the a meetingpacked—was seen. could of the worshipers be The

... fine interest great successland, rerecently but have The been

it it tell is just as about us Elders of earnestness President and Grant in turn our theviewed Era we the It looks of eloquence Clark, President ago. and years one hundred was to celebrationthoughts the now

I an atmosphere occasion and made it if paint or renovahas as no hadwhich today. commences will sure forget one no was who am are time. that Services since tion

... present. centenof the commemoration pageant came Then The

still there. carried on last glorious! and Thenials fascinating has a been always night—grand

Hall Rochdale "jammed"was several Town onefifteen there were By toevent me. hundred

as could not more many who years of -—and the grounds people on of hundreds tohistory advancement, it in. get... sure scan,—itsOne to is going be I am in church. front the of andits its trials triumphs retardment, and a matchless day.

to calling friendly of people, group it the Yes, of the Friday steadily, banks on slowly moves for-—as Such a

multitude another, Ribble a had shaking with one hands we and I River I believe in celebrations.ward.

river, lookerson the near not greeting they Elders had whom it is to and profitably spentthink time the fences, glorithe on acrosshillsides—all too, Elders, for months. seen The of recall past, in to deedsglory the of beginning the now ous—the were having a reunion. There secwere sacrificesvalor of century, our forebears, during time and ond which Zion

and to do their memory honor. Such (the pure in heart) will be built in some new ones who had just arrived

honor, such respect, we accord here the British Isles. and every now and then some onetoday to those men of faith who—Richard R. Lyman. would recognize an old acquaintof also a group ance. There was to those message, thebrought and

stood they and andcourageous and men women who at Membersthe Britishof theCentennialMutual picturedImprovementas theyAssociationformed spectators, accepted the torch of truth. Many a human M. I. A., while singing "Carry On."{Continued on page 578)

of them under the standard of "Truth will prevail,"left their native lands and journeyed to a country so dissimilar to theirs that only a knowledge that divine Providence v/as their guide and that they were obeying that invisible spirit of gathering, which the Lord endowed them with in order to strengthen his

Church and give it new life, could have kept them from faltering by the way.

The articles of faith

IX. cJhe preservation of (ods ivord cerninghas been themaderevelationsvery clear asto conthe

Prophet Joseph: "These commandBy DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE untomentsmyareservantsof me,inandtheirwereweakness,given

0[ the Council of the Twelve after the manner of their language, that they might come to understanding."Moroni, the Book of Mormon

prophet, expressed this condition in (Read the Eighth Article of man voice does not reach far, yet a beautiful statement: "Thou hast

Faith ) the divine message is for all men. also made our words powerful and

( Therefore, a second method became great, even that we cannot write

THEfirstLordman,spokeand taughtto Adam,him thethe ofmittingprimetheimportance,words of thatthe ofprophetcombeholdthem; whereforeour weakness,when weand writestumblewe

to writing, of making and many of of the placing our because words: in turn, Gospel. taught Adam, circulation. the for copies wide To I lest shall gentiles fear the and posterity. his tothe Thus, Gospel printing, writing arts of and manat In our a words."such mock of thea Gospel became knowledge preseraccurate the kind more owes spirit scriptures of humility the have all Similarly,current men. among distribution of vation wider and written. the been spoken, the has whenever Lord of revealed God. Word is scriptures of the message to Thenecessary, men, other have who

taught to their fellows that which The Bible and the Book of Mordivine; the words in which it is

has been divinely revealed to them. mon are collections of writings in clothed are human. Failure to make

That is the divine method. The which the truth of existence and the this distinction has led to much misLord imparts knowledge to men, divine formula for correct living are understanding. Intelligent readers

again. taught taught and The meswill of the the separate message called thenceprophets,usually who

is scriptures of these conveyed of presentascripture its form from to transsage obligation forth are under mit the substance of their revelain various forms. Sometimes the tion, even as is done today, whether

tions, as far as possible, to all the writer quotes the words of God; at listening to a speaker or reading a

other on the times he comments is in this that book. It sense dimodern is givenworld. Then, to every man

allein poetry, story, message the look the Latterday Saints upon of thethe companionship Holy vine simple gory, or exposition admonithe Bible of as and Book MormonSpirit, of the truth the which by eftion; often as the he shows and of "the God."is Word revealed.prophetic teaching The

will fect divine the of to conformity his both followers areprophet and illustrated in the of history nait is in readnecessary revelation; pTsPECiALLY bothtaught by may Bible, especially of the the be astions—in truth the certain the to of of place ingequally the scriptures onein Israelitish nation, the Book and

in self the of position people, themessage.

of the branches Mormon of of revealed ago, for years of that thousands may of word The God whom settled nation in America. which

all from people the writings spread were cusmade. amongbe The

generation to generation by word of One dominating doctrine runs toms, habits, and possessions of the mouth, by oral tradition. This was through the books of the Bible and people of that day are of necessity

the earliest method and in some rethe Book of Mormon: There is one reflected in the expositions of the

spects the best. No teaching is quite God, the Father of mankind, who revelations of the Lord to His chilso powerful as that which comes reveals as may be necessary the dren on earth. Events and acts that

from the mouth of a great teacher. laws by obedience to which men may seem foreign to us of this day, of

However, as the years receded, it alone win happiness in life. Whether necessity appear in the scriptures.

became increasingly difficult for sucin direct statement, in figure of In a terse question, Brigham Young cessive teachers to make from memspeech, or in historical narrative, made this clear: "Do you read the

ory accurate renderings of the words this doctrine is the concern of the scriptures, my brethren and sisters, of the prophets. Moreover, the huwriters of the scriptures. Indeed, as though you were writing them, a

the Bible and the Book of Mormon contain the most complete exposition existing of God's law for human conduct and destiny. It is this message for the moral guidance of humanity, coming from the Lord, that

makes the Bible the "Book of Books"and the Book of Mormon a witness for the Bible.

The Lord does His work in man's behalf through earthly instruments.

All human writings, therefore, however exalted by the power of inspiration, are in the language of the writer. Were it not so, perhaps the

readers could not understand. This

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1937

thousand, two thousand, or five However, every change and corthousand years ago? Do you read ARTICLES OF FAITH rection made by the Prophet illumithem as though you stood in the Of the Church o/ Jesus Christ nates the content of the Bible, and

place of the men who wrote them?"of Latterday Saints shows how carefully single texts

If that were done, much carping crit- 1. We believe in God, the Eternal should be weighed against its one

Father, in His and icism of the scriptures would vanish. Son, Jesus Christ, great message. In fact, Latterday

Ghost. in the Holy and

punthe Saints believe are be less concerned that with men will Likewise, translators, honest 2. We

sins, not ished for and their own for texts than with message the whole with present manuscripts, working transgression. Adam's

often find it difficult to render with ment3. Weof believeChrist,that,all throughmankindthemayatonebe of any book of the Bible.

full to laws and the obedience saved, in living accuracy, by the tongues, differs of from Book The Gospel. Mormon of the ordinances in meanings expressed languages principles first 4. believe that the We in that of the versions Bible present first. are: the Gospel ordinances of and long despite Also, dead. best the

it second, Christ; in Jesus gift the Faith Lord translated "the by and was

intentions, the likely translations immerthird, are Baptism by Repentancej is translation of power God."j The fourth. sins remission for of the sion reflect to the point of the of view Gift of the for the of Laying hands on correct. errors of copying The

Ghost. Holy translator. the uses While Church practically in Bible the are be 5. believe that found must a man We officially primarily and King James'the called prophecy, of by and God, by for, in the of absent Book Mormon, those are laying of hands, who on by it translation, effort every welcomes to and authority in the Gospel preach the far only copying as as known,

thereof. in ordinances administer the of scholarship to present improve

is ancient the condensation an by organization 6. in believe the same We translations. church, primitive in existed that the plates, certain of material prophet on pastors, apostles, prophets, namely, printing, the Before of each day etc. teachers, evangelists, into text of the the of Book Morcopy of the scriptures, as contained prophecy,I. We believerevelation,in the visions,gift of tongues,healing, mon, Joseph Smith, the Prophet,

in the Bible, copied etc. hand. was interpretation tongues, of by his journal: "I told the records in

to 8. believe Bible be the word the We in. Naturally, errors crept Words, it is translated that the corbrother as God, of far as Book of Mormon

of also rectly believe Morthe Book we sentences, or paragraphs whole correct the of book most any was of God. be the word mon left out. might be Misunderstandre- all 9. believe has that God Weto; our of the keystone on earth, and

reveal, all vealed, does and that now Heings led false to renderings. Countreligion, get nearer and would will believe reveal yet a man that many wa He

pertaining things great important cases and less such found. have been to precepts, by its by abiding God to of God. the Kingdom scribe theThen, might some change literal gathering in 10. believe the this other book."than We by any With

restoration of Israel the in of and text tovery his to preconconform safely agree. can; the we will built Zion that be Tribes upon Ten

ceived ideas. Such variations from this continent; that Christ will reign

the oldest known texts have also personallyearth will uponbe renewedthe earth,andandreceivethat theits The Bible and the Book of Morbeen found. Since the original paradisiacal glory. mon are their own witnesses for

manuscripts of the Old and New ingII.AlmightyWe claimGodthe accordingprivilege ofto worshipthe dicthe truth of their message. No other

all allow conscience, and of our in literature in the world abounds sinceTestaments have long been worprivilege, the them same tatesmen lofty teachings. has such such ho'w, they may. ship None where, or whatlet lost, it is impossible, except through

revelation, to restore the scriptures kings,12. Wepresidents,believe inrulers,being andsubjectmagisto power to lift the soul of man from

to their original purity. trates,taining inthe obeying,law. honoring, and susthe sordid things of life. None convincing speaks with such power true, honest, 13. being in believe We Nevertheless, the of hand

virtuous, benevolent, the chaste, and doof his dealings with man. and God

; has always theseLord over been say to indeed, ing good we mayin all men

of Paul the admonition follow the gives such courage to walk Nonedivine records. writer Neither nor all things, hope we thatWe believewe truth. points so clearly of all path None things, endured have we manycopyist distort able to has been or things,

erase the essential message of the andIf therehope istoanythingbe able tovirtuous,endure alllovely,things.or out the true and safe walk of life.

of goodBible. the ages, Throughout amidst after these reportthings.—Josephor praiseworthy,Smith.we seek Thesecious truthsbooks ofcontainhumanity;the mostwithoutprethe vicissitudes of time, face in the

of apparent inaccuracies and contrathem, the earth would be poor indictions, showing human imperfecdeed.

tions, the Holy Scriptures stand unmankind. He who reads them toAll should read the scriptures

the as prophets know, day may whoclouded a as for witness His God, daily. regularly, Better than gold

eternal truths the of received them, relationshipnature to the and man, or are the vision or fame power and existence. of to happiness,true way and human to that growth feeds him come who

the eternal and glorious destiny of In this sense, one must read the upon the lifegiving, immortal mankind. The scriptures have statement that "We believe the Bible thoughts spread over the pages of

never been wholly at the mercy of to be the word of God as far as the Holy Scriptures.

it is translated correctly,"The message of the Bible is accepted; its

mutilations by careless men are rejected.

In the first year of the restored

Church, the Prophet Joseph Smith set about, under divine command and direction, to correct errors that had crept into the Biblical text. He

may be said to be one of the early "higher critics,"but one who worked with faith in the divine message of the Bible. Some parts of this work

are found in the Pearl of Great

Price; others are not yet published

by the authority of the Church.

Photo by Paul S. Bieler.

COMPANIONSHIP By DR. ADAM S. BENNION

0[ the General Board, Deseret Sunday School

Union

T can't presume to pick your crowd BUT WILL YOU BE GOOD ENOUGH TO

LOOK OVER YOUR LIST OF FRIENDS. WhO ARE THEY AND HOW DID YOU

COME TO HAVE THEM? "ChANCE"AND "cHOICE"BOTH PLAY THEIR PART,

AND FORTUNATE IS HE WHO CONTROLS "cHANCE"WITH "CHOICE."

ter of a century courtship a man who is suggested nowSOMEBODY in his ninetieth year. I always know for discussion, and as a topic

it's spring because he brings me

I I don't off; frankly, begged

is willows. pussy gone, His family

it it to discuss about enoughknow all forties, one. save in her She's

that's a too,intelhgently. Then, she's paralyzed. and hasn't She

I personal.subject so intimate and able to year. been a walk for nearly

with companionship deal toprefer last ninety can't he At work. When because it's generally,a little more said: he "Brother he came in Benget-atIt's so us. to all of closeso it nion, in ever doubted your if you

it; aboutable. There's no life, tell let old won't an you man

is yourit's so everlastingly theoryreal—it it's to thing you a wonderful have

whole life is bound friends."problem—your

up with it. I travel up and down the land a

To help you meet it, the best I can very great deal and talk to all kinds hope to do is to draw out of the of people. But I think the group

years that I have lived a few hints that has told me most is a group which may prove helpful to you as over in Boise, Idaho, in the state you continue along the trail of life. penitentiary. They were having a

Really I'd rather sit around the week for youth up there, and they table with you and discuss these asked me to go up. We spent six

problems. But here may I ask your days, the most invigorating days I

attention to a few basic considerDR. ADAM S. BENNION think I have spent in a long time.

ations in the hope that you will do One of the afternoons was given a good bit of thinking about them over to a visit at the state penitenon your own score, and proceed to recent past that tell me how real tiary. There were so many young

find your own answer. Your lives companionship may be; men there—one hundred and sixty

will be happier or less happy beBecause I once chanced to do a of them. They said they wished I

cause of your answer to this problittle kindness to one of the members would talk so that it would help lem called Companionship. Let me of his family, there has come into some of them to get hold of themgive you two experiences out of the my office every spring the last quarselves. I said: "Some boys are

f THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1937

here this afternoon that don't need who may. |rhey're willing to say take a dollar or two to use for a little

to be here."that what they are now enduring celebration.

After we had stayed an hour, I and what they look forward to is a We drove down one evening to said: "I wish you men would linger result of going with the wrong see the other side of the hill on which

a little while. I want a dozen of you crowd. a plane cracked up last December.

to stay and let me listen to you."I can't presume to pick your If it had flown ten or fifteen feet

They said they would. Fourteen of crowd, and sometimes you don't higher, the passengers would all be

them stayed. I shall never forget know just what you're running into. alive today. The little difference,

that group, because among them But next to the influence of their a year here, a little elevation there, a were five who were in there for life. mother, I am concerned with the companion here, and the whole

It wasn't any "pink tea"that aftercompanionships my youngsters form \ course of a life is changed. God

noon. As we sat touched you young

around the table, we people with the genjust talked about this ius to know that the and that and the difference between other thing, until we going over here and broke the ice. Then., going over there is so

if I often said: that very shght "Men.>i

it. offense, see give / hardly won't can | you

won't you be good; When I went to

enough to tell me j the University of what you think it was \ Utah, I sat next to a that brought y o u | young man in algebra

I here?"——as fine a boy as

I wish you could had ever come to have listened in, beknow; his father and

cause you never mother were of the would have forgotten salt of the earth. Let

the way they put it. me skip ever so many

I can see one colored years. The day I

boy now who followcame home from the ed me as I left, and University of Calisaid: "Mr. Bennion, fornia with.a final

you've got to promise degree, the papers me to do one thing. announced that fact.

You've got to promise My picture was in me to tell them this one column with a one thing."—I've statement that the

never read it in a California institution book; it's bad Enghad given me a doclish, but it's a wontor's degree that day.

derful idea: "Don't In the next column

never kid yourself was the photograph that nobody ain't of this boy, who was never gonna find being executed in out."I couldn't say San Quentin.

anything better than Don't tell me it's that. His eyes gleamany theory. We sat

ed as he said it. He in algebra class side

came over twice, and by side. We went to

again, the did he said: "Mr. gym. We

I. A. DANCERS, POSED BY REGINALD It Bennion, you've wasn't will do. CLARK things that boys got to promise me WAINES AND MARGEURITE to tell them. 'Don't never kid yourPhoto by Eckec. long until he used to say—I can

self that nobody ain't never gonna hear him to this day—"Let's not

find out'."in those years from fifteen to go to this class today. Let's slip

eighteen. Their lives are made or downtown."I knew how his father

As WE sat around that table there, broken in this way. No boy can and mother were struggling to get

I can't bring you a tenth of what ever take himself safely into a him through. He chanced to go

they gave me. It was a laboratory, crowd of roustabouts. downtown. Then he went downand everything turned loose; but One evening as we were driving town some more. To do what?

what they did say without exception along the highway, two little youngWell, he discovered he was a pretty was: "We're here because we got sters had parked themselves beside good pool player; and when he got

in with the wrong crowd."'the road. They had a squirt gun, a little better at that, he thought he I cite you these two extremes—and as we passed, the squirt opened would put a little money into it. He

an old man whose life has been made and came in the open window and used to win a little money; and then

kind toward the end of the trail out hit the people in the back of the car. he'd lose some money. And when

there at ninety, and he thanks ProvWell, that's fun; but suppose three he lost, he had to pay; and so he

idence that he has friends; and a years later those same youngsters went out to get it. I don't need to

crowd of boys, some of whom will decide it would be awfully smart to tell you the details of that long never amount to anything, some few hold up the next car that passes and story. It was from picking up a little

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, S E PT E M B E R, 1 93 7

change here to meet an obhgation him."Life is too full of this "pickin a pool game, to the robbing of a SPEAKING OF THE "WRONG up"business.

bank, to getting caught and killing CROWD"I want to hurry from that first

Pres. Heber chance. the of of freestood in second a J. Grant and Counselors C, the way The man who C

Brethren: Dear

I choice. of the at to Quentin, dom, a sentence The more San C is C

and execution in that penitentiary. AM writing this letter in the hope study the Gospel the more I think I of doing to someone, good some

Let's consider the three C's of besides helping problem. it centers around that wonderful me with my Companionship: I am a young, Latterday Saint principle of free agency—man's

privilege girl, to There's choose. a Saint Latterday having good is first I call the what The C C parents large a coming and from in organization couple our young of chance. be Will good you of respectable brothers family and I sharing conwith some am whom friendsisters. look across to until your enough years, recent a few Up facing right fidences They're now. I faithful the follower of a was list? ship friends are your Who serious of the choices they most one livideals Church, high having and did to have and come you how

life. clean, good, moral just ever inga made. have back He's lookthem? sometimes Don't you "I goes, the old as Then, saying job, mission. a a from has and He It's chance.back and wonder? just the got with mixed up wrong she. for so care has enough They I everything crowd."changed. in to Then of the charge used beWhen

it life to other each partner- a make I I lot, missing thought a had been schools for the Church we'd and ship, training. his but lost to wants for he proceeded and make up He to into teacher a overhave send time,"being termed what by was to to engineerEast wants study go

I or say:Arizona Nevada, would sport, the going a good of and ways I it?"ing says: "Shall he and do

It the strange that crowd. "Are a seems a young you man willing"—if I let in says: "Shall comes She and to person could from extreme one go girl a -—"to in marry young down

I go?"says: "Shall she I him Then another. stopped attending meetlaugh. Arizona?"always would He

I ings, and, before foimd knew think mywith him? go you Do we in girl get while a to a we'd Once self life slipping. entirely it,was My it if It could both went? make we to the Big different; Horn go friends different. away Academy were my five least at four years."or be would

etc., Drinking, smoking, noth- I meant in sometimes would Wyoming.

I in ask: mind, your "What's I ing to them. Although never was say: family preyour you and "Are

it, I replies: "I in lady?"in of she very favor young much was And there, pared, to once you up have go rest the with the of crowd, as a and to him he want what wants become stay?"say: probablyyou would She result, myself found weakening and I to to don't become; block want

resist to I It them. unable "I'm stay."to goinq became not But used

I like that. feel waiting. don't But harder to harder and break away! to remark: sure so "Don't about be I've he's years waited while I been short two ago, time for went away A that; there."might him meet up you

I few a months. I of met types his I'd many mission. rather think on

You go to a dance and dance with people and more temptation arose, struggle for four years if at the just the effort right but through has to hesomebody, and some able I was that rise to time end of he could I them. realize to combat began step. Life turns such happenon

I I'd in him. he has what know religion to what meant and my me ings.

made up my mind to live worthy of rather struggle along in that four

Where did you meet the friends it. I began to attend Church, which years than remain in mediocrity for

I about ten miles from where to a party, have?you go and was You rest the of days."my lived, glad of the and was opportunthere look out eyeyou of one and I said: lady, you're "Young ity to to get Mutual and Sunday sits glance somebody. comes A wisely. thinking I don't there, School. you met While a very Why

back. Nobody knows the control remarkable person, who had just go? I think you'll go."I can't be

it recently joined at great the of eye. the Church knows Nobody how future, prophetic the enough to see

It sacrifice. personal feel made me it's hit.operates to going or when visions of see but I can a young I of to think ashamed myself had to I'm saying not you to go down couple, hardships, desome some it just everything throwing and was

the trail of life and look over here away; also it gave me more respect nials, but at the end of four years a

and there, and pick them. You can for my home and the teachings there. young man trained to be an en-

I fight started have back my the line Now think go and not down gineer; a years twenty from now to friends associates, gain and good steals looking,you're somebody and position, responsible a young womtrue, to sincere follower a and bea glance, something happens. and this to willing in writshe an happy Church. and worker was make By

There's much in circumstance. ing this letter I know it will give me the sacrifice.

to strength regain health and more is thing. Let's Choice a wonderful

spirituality again. once win

it into translate concrete terms.lY DAUGHTER who is married went Out observation Through and own my

to an office to work, and she personal experience, I have learned of ten thousand people that may met the young man in whom she that those who live their religion are live in your vicinity particularly, how happier to and seem much have interested. friends she Suppose do youbecame know? What life, many aspirations in higher ideals and

like I'dhadn't gone chosen to work? have you and why? down there fault. finding complaining never or

You go over to visit with your uncle's Also that we only hurt ourselves by to offer this suggestion while you're aunt, and there they have visitors not standing firmly by our convictions young. Why not cast about to find

from their second cousin's side of and living the way we know is right. the friends that you'd choose to put

in the roll that you're going to keep.the family. You didn't go to meet meI forknowmythatmistakes,the Lordif Iwillattemptforgiveto

anybody, but somebody bobs up. do right. My main ambition now is That's a matter of choice. There

Chance is a tremendous factor in to seek good in everything I do, and isn't a boy who can't go out and in hfe; don't fool yourself; but you to try to help someone else, if I a few days meet ten other boys, one

can. thing is one There if it possibly live of as sometimesknow, whom will make your whole life we for striving that all above and I am

different. hfe, in only thing thewere and we that is, to to deserve have a devoted

just chance to meet our friends. I companion and a good family. The revelation to me has been to

have talked with boys and asked, I am appealing to you in all hufind how fine people are; seek to

to know them. You hold back."Why do you go with this particmility andSincerely,respect and am come

ular boy?"Almost invariably the "A Daughter of Zion."You wonder whether you dare go

answer is, "I just picked up with {Concluded on page 591

By JACK SEARS Nationally Known Illustrator and Cartoonist and a member o[ the Faculty, Department of Art, University o/ Utah.

Come few years ago, I met a young Today this young man is sought fellow previously I had whom been a genius as told was an artist. I went on preaching New York afterYork. byHeleadinggets hiseditorswork inof allNewof

possibilities, and the the show window publications heIt did not take me long to realize City—its great

this. This man of plain living and big dividend it paid to those who cares to contribute to. Editors bid

high thinking was all that had been made good. for his services and fight to get his

claimed for him, plus a lot more. I This young fellow finally made the drawings. He is busy all the time,

visioned him a few years hence in jump, and three months after he owns a big bank account, a beau-

I received a tiful home, and has a fine family.New York City, holding his own landed in New York,

with the best of them. letter which said: He manages to take a trip to France,

is one man living Spain, Italy, and other countries, This young fellow was of a re- "I am glad there

I about every two years, and has detiring nature or it was hard to picwho had faith in my ability and ture to him and get into his head want to thank you for kicking me veloped from a promise to a great just how good he was in his line; in the overalls so hard that I landed reality.

York. three I am making New things ashe had such many misgivings as to his in Just this is my

as times as I did much moneyartistic fitness. impressions,. for writing out excuse my

I knew that in some way our menWest, and enjoying every day the and if I can inspire others to realize tal attitude under right contact will opportunities New York offers."the great talent stored away in their

infuse correct balance of thought in makeup and get them to understand!

others, so I went systematically to "to be themselves,"I will feel re work on him, determined to keep SIMILARITY paid.

after him until he made the jump By Jean McCaleb If you are floundering around in which would land him in New York doubt, get a grasp on yourself, and

City. STUCCO plasterers are start the workinq of that mind and

Like cake fearful makers. With very said to forget all tight and was rope He about "If"—that strokes, Deft trowel after one aboutme day stretches to which six months defrom doubt

of almost daily contact, "I guess I TheseFrost their"pastry"cakes"cooks"spair and is sure to land you on your am a coward. I don't think I have The assorted groups head for a bump of lifelong regrets.

the nerve to jump into New York Of newlytinted In doubting your own ability and

City. I would make a failure of it Bungalows of gay failing to act, you turn from one

andhands—wouldwould havebe myout familyof a job—no,on my TheSpanishfrostingdesign.on the portunitiesform of slaverygone toare another.gone forever,Op-

I can't do it."Bungalow "cakes"is but we know that new opportunities

I was moved to remark, "You have Generous, and of variare born continuously for the fellow family isyour here; Tinted hues—rose, on your for toes hands looking up on his who

blue, Green, and orange. are not turningyou the world upside them. boy, colored a little Jasper, the southwest Then sun

down financially; and I know you Softens the bright one of the delightful characters in

will succeed in New York. Of Tints, till the houses Thunder Cave, that great children's

course you will get bumped, but do Are like a platter story by Jeremiah Stokes, remarks that pastries pastelyou realize, and I feel you do, that Of created been Have by when in a tight place, "You ain't you are getting plenty of bumps The master chefs, the neber done for till yo'bref's all shut here?"Skilful plasterers. off an'you kain't run no mo!"

After ONE HUNDRED YEARS N BRITAIN

Jt Lentur ibtids—and a ientur iJoegins

By PARRY D. SORENSEN

Associate Editor of The Millennial Star

being the principal speaker and guest at the fourday Centennial

PRESIDENT GRANT BEING WELconference in Preston and Rochdale

TO GREATCOMED BRITAIN BY from July 30 to August 2.

DR. RICHARD R. LYMAN.

Associated Press Photo. Besides President Grant, a contingent of other Church officials,

headed by President and Mrs. J.

EVENTFUL hundred years Reuben Clark, Jr., and including

Pyper, General SuperGeorge D. in Britain of MormonismAN of intendent the Deseret Sunday to completion on came July School Union; President Ruth May

19. It was on July 20, 1837, that Fox, her two counselors, Lucy Grant

Heber C. Kimball and his six comCannon and Clarissa A. Beesley;

panions stepped off the Garrick at three Y. W. M. I. A. General Board

Liverpool to bring the restored Gosmembers. Rose Wallace Bennett,

pel message to their British cousins Laura P. Nicholson and Vida Fox

across the Atlantic. Clawson. In addition, there were

On the very day that the Church's President Richard R. Lyman, his

first century was coming to a close, wife, Amy Brown Lyman, President a crowd of almost two hundred and Mrs. Joseph J. Cannon, retiring

members and missionaries gathered British Mission heads, and Presiat London's Liverpool Street station dent Hugh B. Brown, President

to welcome their President to BritCannon's successor. All aided in

ain's shores. He was coming to atwriting that first fascinating chaptend the Mission Centennial celebrater in the second century's history.

tion and write a memorable first Before describing the Centennial, chapter in the history of Mormonlet us review briefly the ten days preism's second century in the British ceding it, beginning with President

Isles. Grant's arrival, when the strains of And a memorable chapter it will

President and Clark,be! From the time he stepped from Mrs.Above;J. Reuben

the boat train, which had brought Jr., upon their arrival at

him to London on the last leg of his Thursday,PaddingtonJulyStation,22. on

journey from Berlin, until he departed for Holland a few days after the Centennial to continue his tour of the European Mission, President

Heber J. Grant filled a schedule that

took him two thousand miles by RihbleRight: services.At the TheRiver

President plaque whichautomobile through England and is In Grant unveiled theWales, dedicating no fewer than right background. Left to

seven chapels, delivering speeches areBrown,PresidentPresidentHughRichardB.

on other occasions, attending lunch- R. Lyman, President

eons and dinners in his honor, andGrant,PresidentPresidentJosephClark,J.

doing a little sightseeing, and then Cannon.

"We Thank Thee, O God, For A and Church members from a tour

Prophet"echoed through the railof Europe and all these were in Lonroad station as the members enthusidon when the presidential party reastically greeted him and his party, turned from the north.

consisting of his grandson. Elder

Richard G. Smith, Joseph Ander- ''hile Church members across the

celebrating the son, his secretary, and President W Atlantic were

Hugh B. Brown. President Lyman, 24th of July, the day was not forwho had traveled with the group gotten in England, 6,000 miles away.

through the French, SwissGerman, President and Mrs. Lyman were

and Czechoslovakian missions rehosts at a dinner party given at the turned to London a week early to exclusive Royal Automobile Club in make final arrangements for the honor of President Grant and the visit and to address the Internaother visiting Church officials. Altional Assembly of the World Felthough other engagements prevented

lowship of Faiths, on Saturday, July his remaining the entire evening, 17, at Whitefields Institute. Robert Worth Bingham, United

The day after arriving. President States Ambassador to the Court of

Grant motored to Liverpool to dediSt. James, was at the party for a

cate the recently acquired branch part of the evening and chatted with chapel there, exactly a. hundred President Grant and President Clark

years to the day after the first misfor some time. Among the other

sionaries had sailed up the Mersey guests were Captain and Mrs.

River and landed at that city. The George Eyston. Captain Eyston, a

chapel is on Edge Lane, only a few pioneer in automotive recordbreak- plaque bronze Above: The

banks of the steps from where Durham House, unveiled on

European and British Mission headRiver Ribble, near Preston.the

quarters for a quarter of a century, JulyPresident30, Grant1937. unveiled it on

stood. It was President Grant who

purchased Durham House while he was presiding over the Mission.

Next day the President dedicated the Burnley Branch Chapel, about thirty miles from Liverpool, and then, on Thursday, July 22, he dedicated the Bradford Chapel, returning to London the following day.

Meantime, President and Mrs.

Clark had arrived on the S. S.

Columbus July 22, and were on hand to welcome the President back to

London. President Fox also arrived, with her counselors, and more

than half a hundred other Utahns day Left:eveningTaken meetingafter thewhenSunPresident Grant received three

roses. totalling eighty bouquets

farewell Grant bidding President Below:

L. Catherine Horner, M. who

I. the conclusion at A. members M. theto read the President poem "To

at Spotland Field. demonstrationof mass the

standing J. Grant,"Heber

left for immediately London. afterHe between Presidents isGrant and

Clark.

ing on Utah's Salt Flats, announced both occasions. At the Southwest

at the dinner that he would shortly chapel, dedicated in the afternoon, be leaving to make another record part of the crowd heard the services attempt on the Bonneville Salt Beds over a public address system in anand also expressed his appreciation other room. The North Chapel,

for the hospitality accorded him and seating more than 400, was packed his crew during their annual visit to to capacity in the evening.

British Utah. racer. Another auto sixth chapel dedicated to be The Campbell, perSir Malcolm is a who at seven days was Merthyr sonal friend of President Grant, was inTydfil, President Wales, where

the on Continent making speedboat Grant with Presidents went Cantests at the therefore time and unnon the return Brown, and On to able present. be Sir However, journey, they through drove Hereto entertain hopes Malcolm Presfordshire, section the where Wilident returns Grant he when from rich of ford Woodruff's harvest

his tour of the Scandinavian misconverts reaped. they was noon At sions.

met President and Mrs. Clark at

Two chapels in London were Stratfordon-Avon, where they dedicated Sunday, July 25, with were luncheon guests of Lady overflow crowds being present on Flower, wife of Sir Archibald

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1937

This photo of Presthe Duke of Gloucester, with an esident Grant was taken cort of a dozen or so cars, drove by in Herefordshire, where reapon his way to Wigan. Wilford Woodruff

harvest ed such a rich of converts. The MalThe meeting spot for the first

vern Hills are in the day's activities in Preston was at background. Vauxhall Chapel, where the glad

tidings of the restored Gospel were first proclaimed a century ago. The

doors of the chapel were thrown open on that day for members to visit the interior of the quaint little hall and imagine themselves as being present on that historic occasion in 1837. From Vauxhall, President

Grant led a pilgrimage through

Preston's streets to other points of historical significance in Mormon history. They included the old Cockpit, scene of the first conference,

a merely a vacant lot where Another now Below:

is in building the process of President of conolimpse

Grant delivering his struction; Preston Market Square, farewell speech at the

Sprtland Field Demwhere the first street meetings were of the onstration M. held; and a red brick house on Wilcan I. A. The officials

stand. seen on the be are fred Street, a few steps from the Left they to right,

Clarissa A. Beesley, center of town, where the first misCannon, Lucy Grant Gensionaries found lodgings. President Lyman,

eral Sunday School Then, at 3 p. m., while a bright

Georgie Superintendent D. Pyper, Joseph Ansun overhead furnished a perfect

derson,Amy KathrynRuth MayLyman,Fox, setting, a crowd of more than 500

Ramona W. Cannon, gathered on the green banks of the

Bennett, Rose Wallace Mrs. Harry H. River Ribble, scene of Britain's first and

Russell. Standing in baptisms on the same day a hundred

President the back are Cannon, and Dr. Ray years ago. The climax of the serSuperin- M. Russell, British vice came when President Grant, tendent of the

Mission Y. M. M. I. A. {Concluded on page 576)

Flower, at their beautiful home atop the hill in the city of Shakespeare's birth. Lady Flower also took the

group through the Shakespeare Memorial Theatre. She visited Salt

Lake City several years ago as the advance agent for the Stratfordon-

Avon players, who gave performances at Kingsbury Hall.

Driving to Preston from the opening services of the Centennial celebration, the President's car was greeted at Chorley, just outside of

Preston, by flagbedecked streets and cheering throngs who lined the streets. The reason for such an

unexpected "Welcome"became apparent in the center of town, when

Left: The Pioneer Day Bantiuet given at the Royal

Automobile Club by President and Mrs. Richard

R. Lyman. Beginning at the far end to the left

of President Grant and reading clockwise, those present are. President Lyman, Mrs. Dudley Foster,

William Goodair, Lucy Grant Cannon, Dr. Ray M.

Russell, Vida Fox Clawson, Joseph Anderson, Laura

P. Nicholson, Alma J. Larkin, Mrs. Harvey Fletcher, Clarissa A. Beesley, Frank Wise, Mrs. George

Eyston, President Joseph J. Cannon, Mrs. E. Mummery, President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., Mrs. Amy

Brown Lyman, Captain Dudley Foster, Miss Florence

Simpson, Andre K. Anastasiou, Mrs. Harry H.

Russell, Dr. John Bleakley, Mrs. W. K. Firmage,

Professor Alice Louise Reynolds, Parry D. Sorensen, Mrs. Andre K. Anastasiou, President Hugh

B. Brown, Mrs. Ramona W. Cannon, Captain George

Eyston, and President Grant.

(Ruth May Fox, and Mrs. J. Reuben Clark, also

at the banquet cannot be seen in the picture.)

Left: President David 0. McKay, Wilford

Wood and Cliurcli Historian, Josepfi Fielding

Smitli examining tlie Churcli documents brought bacl( from Illinois.

Below: Charles E. Bidamon shown delivering

the notarized bill of sale far the documents to

Wilford C. Wood.

For some time past Wilford Wood has been running the following display notice in the Nauvoo

Independent:

Joseph Smith, Mormon Prophet. Anyone having authentic deeds, abstracts, letters, documents, publications, relics, perILLINOIS YIELDS taining to Mormon Prophet, write Wilford

C. Wood, Woods Cross, Utah.

In response to this advertisement, there came from Mr. Bidamon, CHURCH dated June 28. 1937. at Wilmette.

Illinois, a letter which read in part:

Wilmette, 111., June 28. 1937.

Mr. Wilford Wood DOCUMENTS Woods Cross, Utah

Dart of Pearl of Great Price manuscript and other DearI sawSir:your advertisement in the Nauvoo

PAPERS IN Joseph Smith's own handwriting included in Independent in regard to deeds, documents,

PURCHASE OF WiLFORD C. WoOD PROM ChARLES E. BiDAMON. {Continued on page 565)

Book of Abraham in Joseph Smith's own handBy RICHARD L EVANS writing.A fragment of the original translation of tha

OF the scenes whereinOUTwere enacted some of the happiest and some of the most tragic events in the lives of the

Prophet Joseph Smith and his people, have come now to the Church a rich store of highly valued docuto pertaining and the Churchments, /> ( a-V** A-iJlX< -jltk. Xj-<:-eUC-- 4'C*Vi'paleaders. of theseits early Many

pers are in the handwriting of the

Prophet Joseph. All of them have

historical as well as sentimental value. '>C *'*'*** <''.

The recent purchase was made -'/ personally by Wilford C. Wood on

his own responsibility. However,

through the interest of President

David O. McKay and Elder Joseph

Fielding Smith, they have now found their way into Church archives, preserved. to be permanently

ex- '--VJ Z- until the recentThe possessor, change of title to Elder Wood, was

Mr. Charles E. Bidamon, of Wilmette, Cook County. Illinois, son of

Major L. C. Bidamon, husband of

the Prophet's widow, Emma Smith.

SNATCHING HIS AUTOMATIC FROM UNDER HIS

ARM, THE SKUNK STRUCK THE COYOTE A

QUICK BLOW IN THE FACE AND SPRINGING

TO HIS SADDLE, DASHED FOR COVER.

eiO'HCj \i.'i t'r

most recklessly happy part of his life. In

playfulness an act of The OUTLAW tragedy of Posey's life—theoccurredshootingthe greatestof his

beloved wife by his own hand. His unbounded sorrow was made more terrible by

the avenging pursuit of Toorah's brother. of Poke. But the two met under circumstances NAVAJO which enabled Posey to save Poke's life,

wherefore Posey was relieved of further vengeance on thai score by agreeing to pay a high indemnity and by agreeing to marry another of Poke's sisters—a disagreeable MOUNTAIN superannuated maiden—which circumstance began another career of heckling

evil. Later a handful of Mormon settlers

humiliating in a captured Posey Bluff from cJhe Story of IjPosey, JLast brought him irons and him in put manner, before a justice of the peace, where he was

LPahLite (cyutla boundthe districtover tocourt.appearByat atherusenextPoseysessionlaterof

escaped and went into exile at Navajo

Mountain. He was shaken by his first perto the inhabitants sent of Bluff, word and By ALBERT R. LYMAN sonal experience with white man's justice to their forgiveness and pledging asking

mend his ways. The charges were withdrawn and Posey returned to the comthe lawless region Doivn in wild and PAR: of Fourcorners, the exile fade, his began to the terror as of

together, Colorado and comeTHEwhereSTORYUtah, Arizona,THUS munity on temporary good behavior. But it than kali a in his more mind, New Mexico, greater humiliation loomed of

century ago Kit Carson rounded up the Navajos and drove them into Santa Be, New and he took steps to see that it would not

Mexico, to keep them there in the "bullpen"for three years. While the Navajos were happen again by going to Colorado to

being thus harshly disciplined, a disaffected handful of PahUtes broke away from their purchase a long range gun, and by learning tribe north of the San Juan River and took possession of Navajo Mountain in Navajo how the recently installed telephones could territory. When the Navajos came back, these PahUte renegades refused to vacate the be used and how communities could be

Navajo country and bad blood resulted. Sowagerie (Posey) the central character of this separated by cutting wires. Thus prepared,

story, was a child of one of the PahUte renegades. He grew up in a cradle of anarchy. he returned to his old ways with a venBitseel, a son of the ousted Navajo, was Posey's most bitter enemy. In the midst of this geance. In the midst of this situation Poke's

tense situation in 1879 a colony of Mormons was sent down to settle the San Juan country, son, Tsene-gat, was accused of robbing largely for the purpose of improving relationship with the Indians. Thales Haskel was and killing a sheepherder. Peace officers

their chief interpreter—a man skilled in Indian dialect and psychology. But the Navajos came to arrest him. In the skirmish that

and PahUtes continued to prey upon each other and upon the Mormon settlement. Durfollowed both PahUtes and whites were

ing one skirmish when cowboy avengers scattered the tribe, the renegade son, Sowagerie, killed. Posey had treacherously used a

was momentarily separated from the tribe with Toorah, little sister of Poke, the PahUte flag of truce to protect him while he gained leader. This brief interlude marked the beginning of a smoldering romance that caused shooting position. General Hugh L. Scott

Sowagerie bravely to change his name to Posey and vainly dress himself in fine clothes, was sent out from Washington to represent braid his hair, and put on war paint. This interest in his little sister, however, was relentthe government in this tragedy. Poke,

lessly disapproved by Poke, who looked upon the "apostate"Posey as "Skunk,"and so Posey, Tsene-gat, and Jess Posey were referred to him. During one period of tribal disorganization, Toorah, Posey's beloved, taken to Denver for trial. Royalty treated

disappeared with her brothers, and all Posey's searchings for her were in vain. Posey and exonerated, they were released by the

finally secured vague information concerning Toorah's whereabouts, and these two lovers government and sent home. This generous

madly dashed to freedom. Their new found freedom together was soon interrupted, howtreatment they interpreted as an act of

ever, when Poke accidentally stumbled upon their hiding place. But he was in trouble weakness, and began to plan further misand his ugly threatening gave ivay to surly compromise. Posey now entered upon the deeds.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1937

Chapter XVI The Black Mare second wifenever a threat of decine! Worse still, no one told him

serting or punishing her, no matter of his danger; they shot him in the

how often she told him how the old back. * ]i

bear would do it, and how therereturned Posey had acshould fore he do ONE understanding it. He When N,o the bad big excursion, inevitable of from the their her phase behefs about cepted as anthe PahUtes,

themselves and their beloved coun- a harddriven bargain with a dreadmedicine cloud was very far away try, looked for any improvement to ed adversary and he would abide the and no larger than a man's hand.

follow the big excursion. When conditions, at least as long as that He saw it, it caught his eye in spite

Posey returned with his unwarrantadversary continued in robust of himself, and he knew the wind ed conclusions, it became clear at health. could bring it with deadly increase

once that the truth of the matter But Old Posey had still another of size on short notice, yet so far he would sooner or later have to be adversary. Real or fancied, he had stood in the bright glow of an exbrought home to him by a process an adversary of which he dreaded ceptional immunity.

too stern to be misunderstood. to think, and of which he tried never But this immunity was not a thing As if his delusions were not sufto speak. From that day in August, apart from faith and works—not at

ficiently unfortunate without their 1903, when his campneighbors deall. The more immunity, the more

interference, a certain society in the serted him, leaving him and his famworks to maintain it, and the more eastern states took trouble to assure ily to effect their escape alone works, the more faith in the imhim, while he was away, that he had leaving him to run in humiliating munity. The first thing he called

endured an unfair deal in San Juan. nakedness from the river and to refor after the excursion was his magThey told him he must fight for his treat humbly into exile, he had a nificent gun. His hands had been

rights and they promised to give growing fear of the stern fate meted itching for weeks to hold the treashim assistance. They also sent mesout by his people to bad medicine ured weapon again. He fondled it

sengers to him after he returned, and men. Any man disagreeing with the affectionately, looked into the barif there had ever been any possibility whole tribe was a heretic, a witch, rel, examined the breech. He had

of his ever getting started off on the the author of trouble. He might be resolved to own another just like it,

right foot, these meddlers spoiled found responsible for any kind of and when he heard that a Mexican that possibility. calamity, and be turned on by the sheepherder on North Elk had the

He returned from the big excurtribe without mercy. thing he wanted, he collected his

sion more sure than ever of his imWoe to the man adjudged to be assets for purchase or barter and munity from results and penalties. the author of bad medicine. His made the trip.

He believed the fates would protect own people became his deadly eneWith the two strong shooters, his him from Uncle Sam, from everymies. It severed all his ties of afsaddle, gun, his Colt automatic and

thing and everybody. The big fection, cut off his kindred in an his indispensable knife, he became

court had sent him 'back to complete hour, and made him fit only for the most formidable arsenal ever freedom, even though he had apdeath. produced by the tribe. Yet his

proached under a white flag and Bridger Jack, as fine a man as preparedness was sadly incomplete;

shot an unsuspecting officer. Poke ever the tribe produced, dared to he couldn't rest for thinking about

too had come home in peace after think for himself and to be different it. He must have a skinem-all

killing a representative of the law. from his people, and he lost his great horse, a treesmashing invincible,

And Tsene-gat, in spite of the coninfluence and also his life in a surto carry him with thunderous bound vincing proof that he had murdered prisingly short time. Kane too, in past the fastest Mormon on the

the young Mexican, had been treatspite of his bravery and his worth, range. He wanted a brute on which

ed like a prince and sent home with had dared to be unorthodox and they he could run away and hide from every good thing he could eat and shot him to rags. No escape for the the last panting pursuer. Some

drink and indulge. man credited with making bad medibright day things were going to hapThis allayed Posey's last lingerpen again and he must be mounted

ing fears of the big government. The on the metal and the velocity to ride

Mormons had missed him three in the lead of the big stir.

times; Poke had been turned twice He had gone to Dolores for his

from a firm determination to kill him, first transcanyon gun, and to North and he flattered himself that Bitseel Elk for his second; where should he

had always got the worse of the go for his transcountry horse? He

clashes between them. To his own scrutinized everything he saw under

mind he was surely untouchable. a saddle and then began to inquire

He cherished the thought of it, and what kind of ridingstock they had he found new proof of it in every in other parts of the world. He

experience from which he came out wanted a horse made to order; he

unhurt where he might have been was ready to specify the gears, the killed. fibre, the material, the dimensions.

Explaining it one day to a man in He wanted something tough as a

Blanding he declared that a bullet cayuse but not so coyotelike in size.

fired at him would make a detour For a real Arabian he would have around him or fall to the ground bepromised all the horses he could fore piercing his body. Nothing steal in five years.

could reach him to cause death. Somebody had noticed a few

And still he made no big talk mighty goodlooking animals over about any immunity from the erodbeyond the big river—somewhere in

ing influences of that implacable (Continued on page 587)

L. D. S. ALBERTA TEMPLE, CARDSTON

Dominion of Canada with NORTH disappointment. Many of the early THEits vast area and close proxmissionaries to Canada were the

to imity leaders stalwart the of the States beUnited Church OF THE testimonies striking perwhose and earhest the missionary one of came fields of the Church of Jesus Christ of sonalities touched the hearts of good

Latterday Saints. In June of 1832, and great men and women who acfour missionaries (Phineas Young, cepted the message, joined the main Elias Strong, Eleazer Miller, and BORDER body of the Saints, and became pilJoseph Young) came to Eastern lars of strength in the growing

Canada to do missionary work. a glimpse of the great Church. Outstanding among these

They remained but six weeks and commonwealth of early missionaries to Eastern Canreturned home rejoicing in their Canada, of the Canadian ada were: The Prophet Joseph

success. They established a branch Mission, and of the cities of Smith, Sidney Rigdon, Brigham and

of the Church at Ernestown on the the east in british america, Joseph Young, Parley P. and Orson

St. Lawrence River, twelve miles Pratt, Heber C. Kimball, David W.

east of Kingston. This was the first Patten, and Orson Hyde. Their

the enwith met same in British the of branch Church S. By ABEL RICH preaching

it in that thusiasm did every almost following America. December The President o/ the Canadian inthe country in which Gospel was Brigham and Joseph Young Young Mission in that early troduced of period the visited vicinity, Kingston bapand

tized fortyfive people and estabChurch.

lished a branch at West LoughborAs would be expected, these stalough. Joseph Smith and Sidney Rigdon wart men met and converted men

In October of 1833 the Prophet visited parts of Eastern Canada. and women of their own caliber.

They held meetings at Brantford, Notable among these were John TayMt. Pleasant, Colborn, and WaterHIS EXCELLENCY LORD TWEEDSMUIR, GOVford. Large groups attended their ERNOR CANADA. GENERAL OF HE IS PERHAPS

BETTER W. HONORABLE KNOWN AS JOHN BUCHAN, SCHOLAR meetings manifested great RIGHT very and

WRITER.i AND CANADA.L. MACKENZIE KING, MINISTER OF PRIME interest in the doctrines taught.

The Prophet writes: "Great excitement prevailed in every place

we visited; "we leave the results in

the hands of the Lord."

A number were baptized and spiritual gifts were made manifest in meetings held in homes and in halls. After a stay of seventeen

days, the Prophet and his party left for Kirtland via Lake Ontario. Of

these experiences the Prophet writes: "We had good meetings,

the Spirit was given in great power to some and peace to others. May

God carry on His work in this place until all shall know Him."

From that time to the present, missionary work has been carried on throughout various parts of Canada with varying degrees of success and

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA,.SEPTEMBER, 1937

lor and the Fieldings. As the work

in Canada increased, branches of the Church were estabHshed in many parts, and converts were made happy by spiritual manifestations and individual testimonies of the divinity of the restored Gospel.

Much opposition, however, was met in some parts, resulting in persecutions and mobbings quite similar to conditions found in other parts of the world.

The spirit of gathering rested so heavily upon these early converts in

Canada that they had a desire to join the main body of the Church as soon as possible. As a result the

great majority of the converts soon joined the Saints in their various gathering places, depleting the branches in Canada but adding strength to the central group.

The Canadian Mission became a separate mission in 1919. Up to

this time it had been part of other missions, and was so far from mission headquarters and covered so little intensive territory thatmuch this large overmissionary work area Photos suppliedOTTAWAby CourtesyFROM ofTHEC. AIRFrank Steele. ThenScotia Annapolisis one of thevalleymostin famousNova mission the attempted. At firstwas

in America. sections apple North half of eastern of the up madewas Mission. States the Eastern from

veritable it is a time In apple blossom the In Provof 1925Canada. July as the Canadian known is now What travelers attracting flower garden, Saskatinces of and Manitoba of Provinces the includes Mission

chewan were taken from the CanOntario, Quebec, New Brunswick, from far and near.

adian Mission and added to the Nova Scotia, and Prince Edward Ontario is the most fertile part of

North Central States Mission, which Island. the entire section. The soil is rich

had been organized from four other and deep, and the rainfall plentiful, missions. Maine was added to the nPo VISIT the established branches and the long summer days make

Canadian Mission, from the Eastern of the Church and sections where ideal conditions for agriculture of

States Mission, September 6, 1925, missionaries are working one must great variety. Grains and hay, apand New Hampshire and Vermont travel 3500 miles. Over this vast ples, peaches, cherries, vegetables

were added February 7, 1928. The territory there is a wide variation in of all kinds, and tobacco are grown

territory covered by the Mission was climate, soil, and industrial and soin abundance. Beautiful wellbred

so extensive that much of it was far cial life. In the northern provinces horses are still used in great numremoved from mission headquarters the climate is cold and the soil shalbers, yet many farms are equipped

and difficult to reach. For the purlow. The people are scattered and with the most modern machinery.

pose of closer supervision and more make their living from the natural Mining is also a prominent inintensive work, the Church Authortimber lands that furnish wood pulp dustry, especially the mining of gold ities created a new mission of the for the great paper industry. They and asbestos. It is, however, from

New England States, May 18, 1937. also live by various types of agrimanufacturing and shipping that

Maine, New Hampshire, and Verculture. It is not uncommon to the great centers have been built.

mont were taken from the Canadian see the ox team on the roads and Montreal, the largest city in Canada,

Mission, and Massachusetts, Rhode in the fields in the northern parts of has a population of one and oneIsland, and Connecticut were taken Nova Scotia and New Brunswick. quarter million; onetenth of all the

CHURCH LEADERS IN CANADA J. President Wood,

Allen, Rich, President President of President of Asael E. Former of T. Georpe Palmer, Abel S. of the Heber S. Wood, of the Stake and President EdwardAlberta

Mission Taylor of Canadian Taylor Stake Stake Lethbridge Stake Alberta Temple.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1937

beautiful cities in the world, and is unsurpassed in North America.

Quite in contrast to Montreal and Quebec is Ottawa, the capital of Canada, and Toronto, the English intellectual center. Ottawa is

situated in the Province of Ontario on the Ottawa River, and in the heart of a rich agricultural valley, surrounded by extensive timber lands. It was not until the end of

the 18th century that the first white man settled on the present site of

Ottawa. In 1854 it was incorporated as a city and its name, Bytown,

changed to Ottawa. Queen Victoria selected it as the capital of

Canada in 1855, much to the disgust JOHN TAYLOR

JOSEPH SMITH of the rival cities of Montreal, people of Canada live in this city. Toronto, and Quebec. stone, and 75% of its 850,000 inhabIt is situated on an island formed by The most attractive features of itants live in their own homes and

the Ottawa and St. Lawrence Ottawa are the government and they seem to vie with each other in

rivers. The latter river makes a Parliament buildings, which stand on making them beautiful and attracline harbor and gives easy access to Parliament Hill overlooking the city. tive. A fivemile water front on

the ocean several hundred miles They are built in Italian Gothic Lake Ontario gives Toronto a deaway. Its location has made Monstyle of Canadian sandstone from lightful climate all year. The city

treal the largest grain shipping centhe Ottawa valley and Devonian has an important place in Church ter in the new world. Montreal is sandstone from Potsdam, New history, for here was the home of

a city of churches, there being more York. Next to Toronto, Ottawa is John Taylor, third president of the

than three hundred, some of which the chief English intellectual center Church, and of the Fieldings, and are famous for their architectural of Canada and the headquarters of the Toronto Society from which and historical significance. of the Royal Society of Canada. Its many converts were made.

Quebec city with its crooked population in 1931 was 126,872.

streets, its battlements, fortresses, The Canadian Mission maintains npHE PEOPLE of Canada are largely castles, monasteries, convents, and headquarters in the city of Toronto, from old European stock with feudal gates and walls suggests a which is one of the most beautiful the great majority of English demedieval city of Europe. Lower cities in North America. Its resiscent except in Quebec which is

town is chiefly remarkable for the dential section and treelined streets largely French. They are disantiquated style of its buildings and make it a city of unusual attraction; tinctly a religious people, as eviits narrow streets, many of which all residences are built of brick or denced by the hundreds of most

date back to old French days and beautiful churches which they atgive the tourist a feeling that he DISTRICTMONTREALPRESIDENTSAND MONTREALIN CONFERENCEMISSIONARIESAT tend in large numbers, and their is in the Old World. It is still a H.Front,CarmafiomWilson,left toLaurelright:Hill,GordonAbel T.S. Rich,Ballantyne,Pres. strict observance of the Sabbath

fortress and is considered the Canadian Mission; June Chadwick, Florence Lloyd, Day. All places of business, exstrongest natural fortress in AmerAlbertPace of L.Toronto.Payne Back,of Missionfrom leftOffice,to right:RaymondSeth A.J. cept eatinghouses and drugica. Approached from the river the Dodge, Eugene E. Campbell, Montreal District, stores, and all places of amusement,

"Rock City"presents a view almost Dickson,Kenneth WendellE. Hacking,C. Day,MaineOttawaDistrict;District;NewellIrving D.E. are closed on Sunday. Even in fruit

unsurpassed for beauty. It has been Anderson,District; S.TorontoLeVan District;Kimball, OwenEugeneJ. B.Cook,Manwaring,London harvest time people do not work on

pronounced one of the twenty most Hamilton District. (Concluded on page 585)

of Golden EVERGREEN

By SIDNEY DE GREY

T sort been ALLus i'vE o A SHORT folks up theproud o'the that make #l'fV<5M llipop'lation of Evergreen. O'course, SHORT

this is my home town—was born

two houses down from where you STORY turn the bend afore you come to COMPLETE ON allthe about Court and House, the THIS PAGE didn't stop soon enough. George I'vetravelin'I went done when was

away to Tarn my barbertrade. But caught up with the runaway mare,

there's a-quite a few fellers who live jumped off Golden, and swung the here, that waren't natives at all, but mare up the Millcreek Turnpike that who fer some good reason transrifice than some humans we read runs alongside the tracks, but planted themselves here and they are 'bout. His name was Golden. They Golden couldn't stop and the train

among our most progressive citizens. named him that 'cause he was a met him full abreast.

You take the case of George Benroan and sort o'that color. Wal, out near where George lives

son, Evergreen's mayor, and who is a tombstone, markin'the burial has run Benson's Drug Store since VJEORGE was at that time spot of Golden and it bears these

Heck was a pup. This story conand still is today a sort o'athletic words, "Greater love hath no man

sarnin'George has a lot o'sentiment builtchap, and it made a purty pair, than that he lay down his life for his

I rather think it perattached to it, so I thought I'd better those two, horse and rider. brother."And

get his permission afore I tells it. Wal, George was a saunterin'on tains to horses, too.

He was jest in my shop 'bout an the road that crosses town and goes It ain't presumin'anything to say hour ago fer to get slicked up with over the Santa Fe Railway tracks that out of that mirac'lous escape a haircut and a shave and I asked when up from behind him came and mutual sympathy for the horse, him if he'd mind if I told about him women's screams and fast gal- a warm friendship developed which, and Penelope Green. "No,"says lopin'hoofs and 'most before he as time passed, ripened into love.

he, so here goes. knowed it, one of them rigs that The gal who was a drivin'the rig

Wal, sir, George is a man of 'bout carry four passengers in it rushed was Penelope Green. A lot of the

fiftyfive y'ars now, and when he madly past him. boys in Evergreen was sort of stuck

was a young 'un they didn't have Strange to say, at that pertickler on Penelope, but when she first saw sech things as automobiles and probmoment. Number One was a comin'George and realized what he had

ably it was a good thing, fer George on, and it looked fer fair that she done fer her there seemed to be a loved his horses and a-ridin'was his would meet that runaway fullgratifyin'look in her eyes.

fav'rite pastime. square and smash the occupants to Nell, as we alius called her, was

Wall, on a sartin day in June bits. one of the peaches of the village.

'bout thirty y'ar ago, George was a Wal, George gave Golden the She had beautiful brown eyes that lookin''round fer a location to open full rein and, the horse, he jest seemtalked when they smiled. She was

up a drug store and he had heerd ed to know what was expected of just a slight gal, but she was into that Evergreen was a thrivin'spot, him, fer he let out all the speed he everything.

so he came here to look over the had. George had an offer to open a

prospects. Wal, the engineer on Number drug store over in Covington CorHe'd made friends with old Caleb One saw that the rig approachin'ners in Nebrasky, But I guess

Foster—Caleb used to run the livery the crossin'was out of control, so Penelope was the reason for his restable back in those days, and he he slapped on the air brake, but it mainin'in Evergreen. Leastways,

had some purty durn slick mounts, a few months later George started

I'm a'tellin'you. his drug store here, and they was

Wal, Caleb rented one o* his e-3i married.

fastest horses to George. I'm a- But talk to George 'bout Golden,

goin'to tell you his name 'cause he even to this day, and a tear will played a mighty important part and b come up in his eye as he tells you made a heapsite more noble a sac- 'bout that horse.

CIGARET

RESEARCH laboratories at Yale \\ n

INUniversity, some four years ago, a chance observation by two LIFT workers, H. W. Haggard and L. A.

fact that, out the brought Greenberg, conditions, smoking under certain a By L WESTON OAKS, M.D.

cigaret caused an increase in sugar content of the blood. It is quite

generally believed that a form of efore you let them lift ifou up sugar represents the substance most readily burned by body tissues to let you down yield energy. Accordingly, Drs. read now they

Haggard and Greenberg reported their observation and stated they T\r Oaks of Provo, Utah, has long been a felt this fact must account for at least a considerable part of the gratificacareful medical observer of young men and enthusiast women, an athletics for and his felt smoke. tion from a smoker by

athletes, a student the and effects stimuof of alert information for any Always lants narcotics and physical on human welfare. in detertheir helpful that might be here invites to attention He the one many of to man, every campaignmined make advertising that abuses have been foisted upon of toaddict child an andwoman, public the the American interests. by tobacco interestsbacco, tobacco American

avidly seized upon this thought.

With incredible swiftness, Englishspeaking countries were flooded by—a more childish drawing of in-

"Get a lift from a,""ferences and conclusions, baseless will not let you down,"etc., and far afield from their claimed

etc. Attached to this usually went reasons, than is represented in the

some champion, or near champion vast amount of tobacco advertising is by several of—sampled the above—which photograph—or daily inflicted upon an unsuspecting the fol- a story such as athlete'sthem—then

lowing, which is quoted from an adpopulace.

vertisement occurring in one of our Reluctant to use the gray matter most highly rated periodicals: nature endowed us with, and standing always softly ready coaxed to be "Tired? Here's a delightful No matter! into anything crying line by an ap-... to restore your flow of energyway

as now revealed by science. After swimpeal to our senses, we contentedly

ming... after a hard day's work.. any swallow such gross untruths and

time need you vim energy when and new accept commercialism's statement... light as a enjoy you And that they thereare "scientific"and its cool, rich flavor, flow of natural yourenergy will be restored. This 'energizing fore indisputably true. We even

effect'in, a discovery confirmed by accept such statements as this:

a famous research laboratory in New York, "Smoke bad tobacco, and cigarets occurs harmless in a delightful and utterly become your enemy, Smoke wellmanner. your latent energy As is made

available, your fatigue and irritability beknown brands, and cigarets will come a thing of the past!"remain your friend."All tobaccos

One English writer, who implied contain the same alkaloid, nicotin;

that he was an athlete of some but those "wellknown,"because of prowess, spread himself over his being supported by wealth, and newspaper in an editorial entitled widely advertised, acquire therefrom "Energy from a Cigaret."In it, great virtue!

he wrote, among other similar things, It is interesting to examine a little the following: into this question and to learn what

research workers actually do say.

take chest you a medicine around "Do indulgence, the writer your in With

I waistcoatyour pocket? do. So, without

to call attention should hke to one it,realizing millions others. of do Every

man, in fact, and every woman who carries fact, supported by human experience. point bearing upon sugar in the

a cigaret case. Ten little white tubes. Cigarets are a medicine; a stimulant; a blood. The English writer stated

What do they do? They each contain an pickme-up which there is no reason to that—-"... the best indication of

alkaloid, nicotin, believe stimulates harm. ahead which does you So go right your

.adrenal glands. cigaret.. these with smoking. tiny glands, be a person's energy at any given time, Don't your

when stimulated, send sugar coursing afraid of it any more... Smoke bad is an analysis of his blood sugar

through the blood stream. Why is that tobacco, and cigarets become your enemy. concentration."His understanding

important? Sugar means energy. Indeed, Smoke wellknown brands, and cigarets of physiology appears to have been

the best indication of energy, a person's will remain your friend."sadly neglected. He seems unaware time, givenat any analysis of his is an

blood sugar concentration. It might be difficult to discover a even of the long recognized fact that

"There can be no doubt. It is a medical more blatant misuse of scientific facts in diabetes mellitus { sugar diabetes )

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1937

blood sugar is much above a normal reserve protects our endurance appreciable change in blood sugar level, yet the victim of that disease powers and enables us to carry on level, which would reasonably inis far from being a shining example over long periods without tiring dicate that sufficient is already presof "latent energy awakened,"as seriously. It is a wellknown and ent to meet the body's need in trying

some such advertising tells us. often observed fact that any habitual to overcome the nicotin, without any

Furthermore, any person whose smoker loses in endurance so that drawing upon reserves being necesblood sugar is persistently above he cannot hold up under long consary. However, when tissue activnormal, is an ill person. Following tinued stress. If an emergency arises, ity and blood sugar are at a fasting

a meal, especially if it be rich in level, a smoke causes the sugar to starches and sugars, the blood sugar rise, within fifteen minutes, up to rises to a high level for an hour or around the normal value. But,

so, yet few of us are greatly exand this, too, the commercial adverhilarated or "energized"right after tisers forgot to mention—-the rise

eating! The effect is more one borlasts for only thirty minutes, then it

dering upon sluggishness, especially falls to its former low point. This

if we have eaten heartily. information sounds a note of warnAlso, it has been pointed out by ing—changes the vaunted promise

Dr. William J. McCormick, in a to a threat. For we can at once

paper published in the July, 1935, see a jaded effort by the body's issue of American Journal of Hydefenses to meet a serious insult giene, that other poisons, both adthrust upon them at a time when ministered as drugs and those manuthey are already low in preparation factured by infecting germs, cause to respond, and not the gentle "ener- a rise in blood sugar. This, as has gizing stimulation"we have been led

long been taught, comes from a reto expect.

action of body defenses against the Since Drs. Haggard and Greentoxin; and sugar is used in renderberg published their paper, others

ing the poison as nearly innocuous have studied the problem. Some

as one's body is capable of making have verified their work; some are

it. casting doubt upon it. However, the

hopeful thing is a definitely awakGREAT deal is said about "adrenened interest shown by people inA als,"but no note is taken of the medical research in effects of tobacco fact that each adrenal gland is comupon the human body. Heretofore

prised of two portions having functobacco, perhaps because of its gentions at least in part diametrically eral use and a lack of any wideopposed to each other. Hence, apspread belief that it was hurtful, has

plying so glibly the term "stimulabeen casually accepted as harmless tion of adrenals"is, to say the least, to the majority. Now we shall, as

a longshot presumption. Every truly scientific investigation gathers

established fact yet known about momentum, have the truth verified depressant—thenicotin brands it exactas a oppositenarcotic orof whenin a criticalhe muststruggle,give allhe thatsoonhedropscan and some of the error branded."stimulant"—and reason whispers panting, with gray face and staring "POURING the last several years, mathat any effect it has upon adrenal eyes. If it is a long, steady strain, terial has been rapidly accumuglands is more likely to be achieved such as a full day of heavy physical lating relative to nicotin's effect upby depressing the one part, and thus labor, his activity level breaks beon heart and blood vessels in huallowing the other to overact. fore the day is done, and he will be man beings. One series of investiObservations are recorded which found lagging. This is an incontrogations dealt with angina pectoris,

cast some doubt upon the likelihood vertible fact that one need not enter that most common of all diseases, of an average smoker's blood sugar the laboratory to prove. Has the causing sudden death. In a promibeing increased. However, let us smoker then gained anything by nent German medical publication.

grant it for the moment, and try to tampering with the vital reserve Doctor J. Pawinski averred that topicture what happens. which nature provided for his probacco was the most frequent causUnder normal conditions, there is tection? ative agent in producing angina

maintained at all times, a reserve An editorial, in the March 10, pectoris in man. Other students of

store of glycogen or "animal starch,"1934, issue of the Journal of the the question are not agreed with mostly in the liver. When more American Medical Association (p. this; but all writers of standing seem

sugar is needed in the blood, animal 770), discussed the work of Drs. to consider that the use of tobacco

starch is converted into sugar and Haggard and Greenberg relative to does precipitate the attacks and agpoured into the blood stream. Detheir discovery of the increase, by gravate the disease.

mands upon this vital reserve are nicotin, of blood sugar. This disSomewhat akin to angina pectoris,

carefully controlled, and it is really cussion points out a thing not menin the nature of its mechanism, is a lowered only under conditions of tioned by the tobacco advertisers, disease of blood vessels, called fasting or when a great emergency for obvious reasons. In their study, thromboangitis obliterans. Wherearises which calls for such exertion the investigators found that, when as angina pectoris affects blood

and endurance as to leave us, at its blood sugar is at a normal level, vessels of the heart muscle itself, finish, spent and exhausted. When and oxidation is going on in the this condition occurs in arteries of

other things are normal, and no body tissues at a normal rate, the feet and legs especially. Its end

great emergency is experienced, the smoking of a cigaret causes no [Concluded on page 5M)

CAREER GIRL

A SHORT SHORT STORY OF THE MUSIC

IN A woman's FINGERS THAT FOUND

ITS WAY TO HER HEART.

BY JOHN SHERMAN WALKER

there was the gUmmer of lights somewhere ahead near the engine and a shuffling noise at the baggage car.

PAIN OUTCRY OF WASHER SHARP LOST AMID OONIA stepped from the LOCOMOTIVE BLAST OF SHRILL THETHE

CLICKBELLS, in light, AND the JANGLING the OFWHISTLE, subdued startled carstep, with a but clear whitelowest

AS SPEED GATHERING WHEELS OF THECUCK in of ness her skin cameocontrast the herself cry, tried to catch from HER. WITHOUT OFF GLIDEDTHE TRAIN

with the smoothdrawn black sheen fall upon the steep embankment by of her hair and the shining jet of her the tracks, which in the dark, she eyes. had mistaken for a station platform.

the violin she held For a moment unbuckled highheeled ankle a But fine, the BOVE sweet fl lamp, the of the under soft glow cindered the her as she struck derstrains of the violin she played,

Sonia was increasingly aware of the admiring the darklyred luster of its slope.

swift click of trainwheels as the wood. Could any lover speak to her Her sharp outcry of pain was lost

Limited carried her westward. in nobler tones than her Cremona; amid the shrill blast of the locoHer compartment was the last would anyone be so responsive to motive whistle, jangling of bells, and

word in luxury, as became a virtuoso her touch and mood as this, her clickclack of the wheels gathering of such brilliance as to have been violinlove? Was there any mortal speed as the train glided off withoutacclaimed by the critic, Krimm, in experience to compare with the her—and in a matter of minutes had

pleasure of creating beautiful music; left only the dull glimmer of a redhis ordinarily caustic review, as

"Madamoiselle Paganini."what greater career than that? taillamp disappearing into the vast

violin breast to held her the Sonia night. of the western dark for a Sonia triumph That was

in passionate a lost, entirely Not moment—then girl littlethough—Sonia's her from who lips lightly the to her pale touched air. the into night cool outcry The fingers her small wouldMarnov,days—when before of the satinwood Cremona piercof autolights glare twin camescarcely the of a reach neck around

it its in case. placing paralleling dark, away ing a the road down set career of the her goalviolin—had exultation, her however, ankle tracks. With sprained Sonia's the high, that as even, whichhigh—as apprehension. dread a had come halfonly sickening was her—and of the greatest reached beenhad by career hers long could such as a a masculine consciously she How heard violin.the of the mastermen

last? of strenushort years few saying: the automobile voice from A father, fine violins of a maker Her

that, the concert ous Gracie! the take wheel, "Here, playing—after gifted himself, player aand had inevitable years waning, mediocre track. the there out Someone's by traditionstaught Sonia the well and that could she not endure she I'll knew see."thetechnique of Sonia violin—and oblivion. thought seemfelt lifted The into the herself Sonia—until, early naturalvery a had shown train suffocate to the her ed and lost of the seat sedan, then back was for instrument. thegenius playing

all stifling. at once compartment was feverish, sick in stupor halfwaking a she she progressed been had As It that the then speed smooth was in gentlyjarred that a continued

fact theimpressed, however, with train clickthe slackened the of it and car as the for ride hours seemed all violiniststhat the of noted more in a-click the of slower wheels came its along a roughhewn eased way girl, Naively, as been men.had a train Sonia's consciousness. The rustic to led that lodge a road on herself, couldn'tshe asked had why that to Sonia, stopping, at and was forest. in of the pine a depths

all in this surpassa them woman it brief release a art moment, meant later seated Sonia morning was A strings? thewith and bow confining the a compartment of rustic Pinethe sunny, porch on from—

So, it was air breath of outside night in the pines studio that view a triumph—Krimm Lodge—acalling her, Pagan- "Madamoiselle of the would clear her mind mood beside rescued had the man whoini"—and Sonia exulted as she endthat tormented her. from the terrifying night at the trainher

ed her playing with a confident, The train now was stopped amid stop. He was saying:

swaggering sweep of her bow over a jangling of bells and muffled "You're Sonia Marnov, of course.

the strings. words from down the track. Quickly I realized that as soon as I'd got you

Swaying slightly with the rhythm, Sonia went along the aisle and out here—'Madamoiselle Paganini'

she was an exotically lovely figure down the steps of her car. Outside {Concluded on page 587)

forPage young writers MY GARDEN By Mildred Hurst Age 15

earth, covers the MYDailyGARDENit struggles onward

Through constant effort;

Millions of flowers bloom in it;

Other millions are lying dead or are slowly (C KklXfc wilting with age.

There are bright, balmy days when the

JUST NINETEEN Danceflowers,in the nonebreezesalike.and are happy, WONDERING are There rainy days when the silver rain Bingham By Pearl

falls plentifully. Vevedeen Woolsey By 19 Age

are blossoms Some weak beaten down by 13 Age old, nineteen, but sometimes the storm;JUST the what is hedge beyond WONDER timid, bold, sometimes Sometimes survive. are strong Others and

separates the rest of the I That from me great Often a scourge comes sad. sometimes young, Sometimes

world? destructive powerful god and The of Mars blue, glad, sometimes Sometimes

It's thick and green and thorny tender Tramples buds many glum, sulky,Sometimes sometimes through see I cannot And feet. his horrible Beneath smart, sometimes Sometimes dumb,

I wonder the hedge what is beyond quails the garden beneath them And angry. gay,Sometimes sometimes

stands high That so above my head? revives. But always simple, lonely, sometimesSometimes

I little taller a grow When follies their in the Ofttimes flowers I feel. the Just at times moods

I over. see Perhaps may Kill other, each in will, spite atSome of—some little, I'm, while oh! But so the remains garden But always all's and nineteen, done, Just but when

I'll lie the green cool grass on Flourishes the of the watchful care under fun! happiness and what whatO Close the cottage wall by Gardener.

clear at the gaze blue sky. And Gardener The is God

I'll of fanciful things REMEMBERED dream And many YOU is the garden Garden of Life. My

the that separates About hedge

Lucille Waters Matfson By rest Still of the from world me. The

Age 20 I wonder what is beyond the hedge?

went away. YOUWHEN

People nodded and told me with a INTERMISSION FOR TEARS smile, "You needn't worry. He will come back. By Lois Powell

Absence makes the heart grow fonder."Age 18

IBut and lonesome was blue quiet a comer TURNED today in my mind awhileFor conestrewed mossy, a path I Walked wroteAnd you often—and wondered. In my mind.

Today you returned! And found within a clump of mountain

columbines I they found were wrong,And

I lost. I'd thought memory A forget. makes oneTime

Suddenly,For I answered when your knock doll, Like a child rainsoaked her above total stranger outside stood my door.A

.. I cried.

littleYou remembered—It was I who forgot! ACried over a forgotten memory

I stumbled on Accidentally.

AND THEN MY HEART REJOICED By Beverly Larrick Age 16 APRIL RAIN TODAY I found a flower in my garden, harbinger of spring. Just one, an early Robinson By Barbara

its golden head a-nodding. Age

chilling 16 Unafraid,It faced the the springtime winds

LOTS OF TROUBLE APPLE trees that sprinkle fragrant snow brings:

grass. the heart rejoiced. upon then And my Louise Kartchner By Norma

smell perfumed violets of wet, The 10 Age robin I found garden. a Today in my—apoignantmass

is lots of trouble... lots and air, a. Cool, rainwashed early harbinger Of purple of Just one—anSCHOOL

On examination day, rainfilled tulip cup. Unafraid, he hopped among the grasses,spring.

And your heart is all aflutter. The artistry of slim young willows that And swelled his throat his lilting song to

And you don't know what to say. raise their branches up... sing;

But we surely must have knowledge The swift, exuberant rush of impetuous And then my heart rejoiced.

To be really great and wise. winds on high.

And not too much complaining, The exultant, soaring sweep of vivid wings Today I found a thought out in my garden;

Even from a girl my size. against the sky... For all a new beginning, God has said.

But I'll bet when I am fiftyfive So unafraid, like springtime's birds and

And getting old and gray, Black branches dripping silver rain... flowers,

I'll have some kids to send to school. April comes—with ecstasy that knoweth I'll start anew to reach the goal ahead.

And I'll stay home and play. pain. And then my heart rejoiced.

CHURCHILL ON THE HUDSON BAY WATERFRONT, SHOWING THE GOVERNMENT GRAIN

ELEVATOR AND ONE OF THE FIRST GRAIN

BOATS LEAVING FOR LIVERPOOL, VIA THE "SAY ROUTE".

\\"K ToRTH to Europe!"This NORTH growing in importance, the airplane

may sound like a fairy tale*, playing a glamorous role in the epic story. yet there it is—stretching Hudson Bay, TO map.outNon your The

a great inland sea, jutting deep into A ND NOW we are hearing much of the center of Canada and Hudson a great motor highway through

Strait, are the waters involved in the the interior of Canada linking thenew shipping route. The bay, inEUROPE cities of the United States with

cluding James Bay, measures nearly Alaska. This highway would run

one thousand miles from north to By through Alberta and the northwest south and six hundred miles from territories to Uncle Sam's far northterritory. Its tourist breadth. greatest at its toeast and comwest

limitless, possibilities strait, carries the are which boats C FRANK STEELE ernmercialThe the Atlanticfrom the bay into miles is about five hundred City Editor o/ "The Lethbridge whilestrategy,fromsuchthe standpointa road wouldof militarybe ofOcean, long and has an average width of Herald"primary importance in the emerabout one hundred miles. The Hudgency of war on the Pacific. A mason Bay drainage basin is approxijor U. S. naval and air base in

mately one million, five hundred Alaska is discussed from time to time thousand square miles. in the press, giving additional supAlthough lying in the far north, tered, and the genius of man has port to the Alaska highway prothe Hudson Bay route offers no sericontributed to the gifts of nature's posal. While official Canada has

ous barriers to shipping during the splendid shipping facilities. These not spoken on the subject it is bemonths the route is open. The facilities are extended as the route lieved it would be friendly, for the

Arctic is a "friendly Arctic"in many expands. British Commonwealth of Nations

respects; not the bleak, pitiless land Now you have something of the has vital interests on the Pacific.

often pictured on the screen and in picture of "North to Europe."The But back to our immediate theme

the picture books. The route is Hudson Bay Railway, built with no—the Bay Route.

wide, remarkably free from shoals, little difficulty and at great expense, No more fascinating location for and the nine hundred mile stretch connects Churchill with The Pas a bold adventure could have been from the mouth of Hudson Strait to and thus the New North is linked found than this. Churchill Harbor,

Churchill is made in only four with a network of steel covering the Hudson Bay, and Hudson Strait, in courses. The vessels of the Hudwhole North American continent. fact, the whole region, breathe

son Bay Company, that powerful The north is astir from Alaska to romance. For centuries it has been

and ancient trading organization in Labrador. There is no depression the setting for desperate struggles

northern Canada, have been traversthere. Here is the last frontier and against the forces of nature—cold,

ing the route for more than two into it the pioneering spirit of man storm, famine, isolation. Glamorhundred fifty years. In that period has carried him. The fur trade, fishous history reaching back to the

not more than three ships have been ing, agriculture in the great Peace beginnings of white man's civilizalost. River valley and other mild sections, tion on this continent. Here we

Churchill is the port on Hudson lumbering, and in the last few years have a sublime, a grand touch to

Bay being developed by the Can-—mining. The Great Bear Lake the enterprises of man, an added

adian government. It is the terwith its deposits of radium believed nobility to his achievements.

minus of the famous Hudson Bay capable of freeing North America It is strangely true that the HudRailway and the harbor for shipping from the radium monopoly, the Flin son Strait never actually freezes via the northern route. At Churchill Flon, Red Lake, and other richly over. However, navigation is unthere is one of the magnificent harmineralized areas in the preCam- dertaken only during a short sumbors of the world, deep and shelbrian Shieldthese are rapidly mer season, as the movement of

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1937

Freighters have berthed in Churexplored by intrepid English navichill harbor a fortnight after leavgators, notably Henry Hudson. In

ing continental ports. This is a 1610, Hudson in his gallant little

striking achievement, for Churchill Discovery sailed through the northlies a thousand miles west of Montern straits into the waters of the bay real, yet the distance from Churchill which later was given his name. He

to Liverpool is less than the diswas really seeking the "Northwest tance from Montreal to Liverpool. Passage,"to India, for years the

The significance of this becomes apquest of navigators, but as it turned parent when we note that five hunout, he had discovered a great dred miles by rail from Churchill lie northern "sea."He was compelled

the vast grain fields of Western to remain the winter, being frozen

Canada and closer still are the trein on November 12.

mendous mineral deposits of central Hudson's experiences with a muCanada. tinous crew during that cold and

Exploring the Bay Route's possibitter winter and his cruel fate combilities a little farther, we vision its prise one of the dramatic chapters even drawing traffic from the midin the history of exploration. He

west United States. And when the and a few loyal members of his crew

time of important expansion comes, were cast adrift and what his fate

Churchill will be in a position to was has never been known. The

handle the trade, for the Canadian Discovery and a skeleton crew after

C. FRANK STEELE government is building harbor, terterrible hardships finally got back to

minal, and other facilities on broad, Britain. Legend has grown up

modern, permanent lines. The govaround the fate of Henry Hudson,

vessels becomes hazardous on acernment-owned grain elevator has the daring captain, and it is still count of floes workinq down the a capacity of 2,500,000 bushels and believed by some that liis spirit

Fox Channel, which blocks the pasprovisions have been made for exhovers near the seas his courage sage. Icebergs come down the tending the plant to accommodate made known.Davis Strait, enter Hudson Strait at 10,000,000 bushels.

Resolution, and work their way Behind this drama of modern enLater came the ships of the Hudwestward along the rockbound gineering and business enterprise is son Bay Company and the opening shoreline. Curiously enough no a stirring chain of historical events up of the great fur trade. And now

bergs enter the bay. Patrol ships, going back to the year after the discomes a new day for the "Bay

wireless warnings, lighthouses, and covery of America's mainland. Route"with the conquest of the

other safeguards are provided shipCabot, in his second voyage to the north by rail, sea, and air. Through

ping on this "shortest route"from New World, coasted as far north Churchill in the years to come will

America to Europe. Fog conditions as the entrance to Hudson Strait pass a large volume of North

are not serious. and from that year the region was America's trade.

THE HUDSON BAY RAILROAD, RAIL LINK WITH

CHURCHILL AND THE "BAY ROUTE,"SHOWN CROSSING THE NELSON RIVER, LOOKING NORTHEAST.

VIEW OF INDEPENDENCE TAKEN FROM THE

BLUE RIDGE LOOKING EASTWARD DOWN DM

THE CITY.

THEtiful—evenLAND of Zionmoretodayso, possibly,is beauthan when the first group of //

Latterday Saints viewed it as they came with the Prophet Joseph Smithto see this region which had been \\Zion designated of the Lord by revelation as the central gathering place of His people. IT IS Its rolling hills are covered with AS TODAY

green pastures, some timber, and with productive farms which are dotted by wellkept homes, housing By ELIAS S. WOODRUFF

a contented and happy people. ProPresident o[ the Central States Mission

gressive little cities and towns have grown where once there was a wildpiness, giving to Jackson County, **T ET YOUR HEARTS BE COMFORTED CONCERNING ZiON;

In addition to its placid agricultural FOR ALL FLESH IS IN MINE HANDS; BE STILL AND

aspect, a decidedly urban appearKNOV THAT I AM GOD. ZiON SHALL NOT BE MOVED OUT OF HER

likewise a countyance. Jackson is PLACE, SCATTERED. NOTWITHSTANDING ARE HER CHILDREN ThEY only notmade beautiful, remain, in heart, return, by its that shall and are pure and

natural endowments, but by a wellcome to their inheritances, they and their children, withdeveloped community planning prosongs of everlasting joy, to build up the waste places ofject, the results of which have given things these all that the prophets might be Zion—Andthis region a pleasing distinctive101:1619. fulfilled."d. and c.

ness.

Jackson County is keeping well abreast of the times, and is growing commercially, industrially, educacoursesthan the ishoneytimberbee.to beOnlyfound.on theTherewaterin manyfalo, elk,smallerdeer,animalsbear, wolves,here roambeaver,at pleasand

tionally, and religiously. Fine paved strips from one to three miles in width, and ure. Turkeys, geese, swans, ducks, yea,

highways form a network over the following faithfully the meanderings of a variety of the feathered tribe, are among entire area, passing by farms, the streams, it grows in luxuriant forests. the rich abundance that graces the deland—thethrough cities and over bridges. Theblackforestswalnut,areelm,a mixtureash, cherry,of oak,honeyhickory,loheritagelightful regionsof the childrenof this ofgoodlyGod.

While riding through the county cust, mulberry, coffee bean, hackberry, "The season is mild and delightful neartoday, one is reminded of the vivid boxelder, and bass wood; with the addily three quarters of the year, and as the

disat land situated Zion, of pecan, equal tion of butterwood, about and Cottonwood, Prophetdescription of the who was the Pacific tances oceans, Atlantic from bottoms. and hard maple upon the and of softlater to suflFer so much because consists as well is beautiful, as from the Alleghany shrubbery and and Rocky The

tribulations arising there. in part of plums, grapes, crab apple, and Mountains in the thirtyninth degree of

The Prophet spoke of Jackson persimmons. north latitude, and between the sixteenth and

it fertile; soil three is rich from of longitude, degrees and west "The as recordZion land ofCounty—the is feet deep, generally ten and curse composed the the taken from seventeenthfair—when of the Church in the Historyed intermingled with by ofto mould, a rich black the blessed of most become one bidsland—to

Joseph Smith, Chapter XVI, pages clay and sand. It yields, in abundance, pices on the globe. The winters are milder

197198—as follows: wheat, corn, sweet potatoes, cotton and than the Atlantic states of the same parallel

many other common agricultural products. of latitude, and the weather is more agree-

"The country is unlike the timbered Horses, cattle and hogs, though of an inable; so that were the virtues of the inhabstates of the East. As far as the eye can ferior breed, are tolerably plentiful, and itants only equal to the blessings of the

reach the beautiful rolling prairies lie seem nearly to raise themselves by grazLord which He permits to crown the inspread out like a sea of meadows; and are ing in the vast prairie range in summer, dustry of those inhabitants, there would

decorated with a growth of flowers so and feeding upon the bottoms in winter. be a measure of the good things of life

gorgeous and grand as to exceed descripThe wild game is less plentiful of course, for the benefit of the Saints, full, pressed tion; and nothing is more fruitful, or a where man has commenced the cultivation down, and running over, even an hundredricher stockholder in the blooming prairies of the soil, than in the wild prairies, Buffold."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1937

sembled yourselves together, according to inasmuch as can be done in rightland, which in this commandments, my is eousness and as wisdom shall is the land the land of Missouri, which which I have appointed and consecrated direct,"for the gathering of the Saints: Also He said, "Let my servant

"Wherefore this is the land of promise, Edward Partridge stand in the office of Zion. city the for the place And and will to which I have appointed him, and saith thus God, if you the Lord your

receive wisdom, here is wisdom. Behold, divide unto the saints their inheritthe place which is now called Indepenance, even as I have commanded;

dence, is the center place; and a spot and also those whom he has apfor the temple is lying westward, upon pointed to assist him."

courtfar is not from the lot which a it the After like manner, the Lord desthat wherefore, house; is wisdom

land be purchased by the Saints, and also ignated Sidney Gilbert to move to every tract lying westward even unto the this gathering place and establish a directly line running between Jew and store where "he may sell goods tract borderalso every Gentile; and

ing by the prairies, inasmuch as my diswithout fraud,"ciples are enabled to buy lands. Behold, William W. Phelps was appointthis is wisdom, that they may obtain it ed in the same revelation to go

for an everlasting inheritance."there to become a printer to the

Oliver Church, was and Cowdery however, Lord was careful, The assist him. to It was made that named to the effect give instructions to

clear at that time that only those county into the Jackson movement go, families should to go commanded in manner, organized an should be

ELIAS S. WOODRUFF said, the residue the "unto Lord and designated, this end, toward and He further elders both members and individuals those name, who of by

shall hereafter."directions given be in writing about this various of The Prophet charge should have

short time later these addiland spoke of the lack, in his day, phases of this movement, and He A of physical improvements, such as went so far as to prescribe their TOP: VIEW OF PART OF DOWNTOWN KANmills, schools, and the benefits of duties. SAS CITY FROM TOP OF POWER AND LIGHT

science, but continues: Therefore He said, for instance, INTOBUILDING.THE MISSOURITHE KAROIS SHOWNRIVER INRUNNING.BACKTHIS GROUND. WAS "THE BORDER OF THE: Gilbert servant Sidney "Let my all these impediments "But vanish when GENTILE."AND THE

office to which in the I have JEWit is recollected have stand what the Prophets toi thesaid last days; concerning receive him, Zion in moneys, how appointed to INDEPENDENCE,CENTER: MISSIONMISSOURI.HOME AND CHAPEL AT

her; isthe glory upon to come of Lebanon the unto Church, be an agent to buy

tree, the the pinethe nr tree, and box tree land in all the regions round about. DAVIESSBOTTOM:COUNTY,VALLEYMISSOURI.OF ADAMONDI-AHMAN.together, place sancthe of to beautify His

tuary, that He may make the place of His feet glorious.

"Where for brass, he will bring gold;

and for iron he will bring silver; and for

wood, brass; and for stones, iron; and

where the feast of fat things will be given to the just; yea, when the splendor sf the

Lord is brought to our consideration for the good of his people, the calculations of men and the vain glory of the world vanish, and we exclaim—'Out of Zion the"

perfection of beauty, God hath shined.'

With such enthusiasm did the Prophet speak of this land of Zion, which was Jackson County.

TfHE ADVANCE of the Latterday Saints to the "borders of the Lamanites"came early in their history, and hardly a year had passed from the date of the organization of the Church before the Elders were seen in the land of Missouri, for the

Lord had told them that there would

He reveal unto them the gathering place, and the site of His house.

In consequence of this promise, after the brethren had asked "When will the wilderness blossom as the rose? and when will Zion be built

up in her glory? and where will Thy

temple stand?"the Lord spoke

through His prophet to those who were assembled in Zion and said "Hearken O ye Elders of my Church, saith the Lord your God, who have asTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1937

tional instructions were given, but the Prophet, an "olive leaf"plucked again the Lord spoke of those who; from the tree of paradise, a mes-

\yere not appointed to go, saying, senger of peace, binding more stead- "And now verily I say concerning fastly together, the Saints in Kirtthe residue of the elders of my land and the Saints in Jackson church, the time has not yet come, County.

for many years, for them to receive But even this failed to bring the their inheritance in this land, except harmony in Independence which they desire it through the prayer of was necessary to make of it a Zion.

faith, only as it shall be appointed The constant increase of bitterness unto them of the Lord."and disobedience among the residents there, brought forth a strong

pOLLOWiNG the settlement of the warning from the Prophet at Kirtfirst families in Jackson county, land.

disappointments arose. Finances In a letter addressed to William

failed to come from other parts of W. Phelps, and referring to the

the Church as had been desired. "Olive Leaf,"the Prophet declared

There was a lack of unity among to the Saints in Missouri that "the the Jackson County Saints thembrethren in Kirtland pray for you selves, and the Prophet came to unceasingly... for though our

Independence from Kirtland to effect brethren in Zion indulge in feelings a more peaceful status in the land. towards us which are not according

Upon his return from this visit, to the requirements of the new covewhich had apparently been successnant, yet we have the satisfaction ful, more disputes arose among the of knowing that the Lord approves

Missouri Saints, many of whom felt of us, and has accepted us."

that they were bearing more of the In kindly warning to his brethren brunt of pioneering in a new land in Jackson county, yet with full than the Saints at Kirtland. There sense of his duty to warn them of

was a feeling among some of them the judgments of God if they failed that the people in Kirtland were to repent, the Prophet declared:

figuratively living "upon the fat of "Let me say unto you, seek to purify the land,"while they, the inhabitants yourselves, and also all the inhabitants of Jackson county, were suffering in of Zion, lest the Lord's anger be kindled is the repent, voice fierceness. Repent, tomany ways for the necessities of

it as strange to Zion; of and may God

life. it is persist true, will yet appear, mankind

Then came a new revelation from in selfjustification until all their iniquity

ps> is treasured that redeemed, and which up as the "Olive revelation known—athe Lord to His prophet in Kirtland is exposed, and their character past being of to the in the hearts exposed gaze be of the unveiling Leaf,"a marvelous to I say mankind. I say what you (and

purposes of the Almighty, revealing to you I say to all ), hear the warning voice the love of God for His people. of God, lest Zion fall and the Lord swear

Speaking from the depths of His inin his wrath the inhabitants of Zion shall finite soul to His troubled people the not enter into his rest."

Omnipotent One said: He further said, "If Zion does not

saith thus "Verily, the Lord unto together yourselves assembled havewho you RICHMOND,TOP: GENERALCLAY COUNTY,DONIPHAN'SMISSOURI.STATUE tN repent,place tothebringLord forthwill chooseHis wordanotherto

A. CALLIS STANDING Bewill you. kis concerning to receive CHARLES CENTER: Nations."HILL JUST the ON THE ALTAR ADAM'S NEAR Lord, this is and pleasing unto hold, your

OF ADAMONDI- the VALLEY NORTH Prophet wrote OF THE Again "With the alms you; over the repice angels of AHMAN. feelings anxiety of unexpressible the ears into prayers have up comeyour

TO WITNESSES OF THREE THE MEMORIAL recorded are of welfare, the Sabaoth andof say again, Lord Refor your we MISSOURI RICHMOND, OF MORMON, BOOK THE sanctified, the of the ofin the names book suffer, for repent, pent, or Zion AND DAUGHTER, must S. HOWELLS RULON—MRS.

. celestial world. BY. the of Wherethemeven STANDING WHITELEY HELEN AND scourge the judgment must and

I anotherfore, send you Comupon now forter, even upon you my friends, that it come upon her."

may abide in your hearts, even the Holy for He will unveil His face unto you, is otherSpirit Comforter of promise, which the history records it shall CuBSEQUENTLY time and in His be own and disciples, that I promisedthe same unto my to judgments falling of the upon in according and His way, own of in the testimony John."recorded as is

His own will."the inhabitants of Zion, for nearly

After portraying for them the With such a glorious promise twelve hundred of the Saints were glories of His Kingdom, the Lord made to the people in the Church driven from their homes by mob accalled upon His people to sanctify over which he presided, the Prophtion; they saw their homes, many of

themselves, to become united, to cast et was thrilled. He hastened to them, destroyed; some of the brethaway their idle thoughts and to desend a copy of this revelation to the ren were beaten, others tarred and

sist from excess of laughter, and to Saints in Zion, of Independence, that feathered, and all were forced to flee labor in the vineyard, and He they, too, might feel its influence and to the river beds in the dead of promised them that if they would resolve more faithfully to perform winter, where they suffered untold have "minds single to God, the days the missions to which they had been hardships until finally they were will come when you shall see Him, assigned. It seemed literally, to taken in by the residents of neigh558

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1937

boring counties and permitted again acres, the mission headquarters become one of the leading sections of to locate themselves. ing located but a short distance this entire region. It has an area

Speaking of their distress, which from this lot. The presidents of of 600 square miles, or 294,939

the Lord acknowledged, the Althe mission have been accepted on acres. Fortyeight per cent of the

mighty addressed these suffering an honored basis among the busiland area is crop land, while 451/

Saints in firm language, but yet with ness men of the city of Independper cent is in pasture. On this

mercy: ence; have been accorded memberacreage are 3,494 farms, divided

ship in civic organizations, such as as follows: 615 dairy farms, 592

"Verily I say unto you (he spoke through Joseph the Prophet) concerning the Chamber of Commerce and the general farms, 550 livestock farms, your brethren who have been aflFlicted, and Kiwanis Club, and have wide circles 159 grain farms, 120 truck farms.

persecuted, land the from and cast out of friends and acquaintances. in the total farms 3,494 Of the their sufof the have Lord inheritance—I

their are operated afflictionsfered the 2,410 county, by them, to upon come feature of Independ- A NOTABLE afflicted, in theywherewith been have there 15,108 were owners. In 1934 * * * of theirconsequence transgressions of is the high type ence today total yielded a in wheat, acres which

jarrings,Behold, there you, unto I say were there. citizenry reside They who the bushels. In crop of 278.090 strifes, contentions, envyings,and and and inapart the from a group seem raised lustful year, desires farmers and 7,285 covetousand same among

them; therefore, by these things they polhabitants of many surrounding sec124,997 bushels of oats, and in the

theirluted inheritances. in their were tions, slow to represent They and seem ten year of the production com the their unto of theto hearken voice Lord attributes lives the best of dependis to bushels be 30 average shown is therefore the theirGod, slow Lord God citizens. able, loyalto their 48,- to unto hearken prayers there answer acre. In per were 1934

them in the day of their trouble."Because of progressive and con620 acres in this crop. In the same

in alBut compassionately. He said to structive tactics, the county has beyear there were 10,897 acres

them: falfa, 3,464 acres in lespedezaj

TOP: OLD COURT HOUSE IN INDEPEND- 2,019 acres in potatoes, raised for

ENCE, COUNTY. JACKSON I will shall them, they "Yet and own distribution; there commercial and

I that shall to minebe day when come CENTER: VALLEY ADAMONDI- UPPER OF 2 1 2,657 185,138 fruit trees and jewels. Therefore, up theymake must OF AHMAN OLD were AND LYMAN VIEW WIGHrS inmy

needs be chastened and tried, even as HOME. grape vines. Eighteen thousand

Abraham, who was commanded to offer up LOWER CENTER: TEMPLE LOT, INDEPENDcows in the county produced eleven

his only will those not son. For all who ENCE, MISSOURI, SHOWING CHURCH OF million gallons of milk. CHRIST. chastening,endure but me, cannot deny

be sanctified."(Doctrine and Covenants BOTTOM: OLD MORMON JAIL, LIBERTY, Figures for 1930 show that the

IN101:3) MISSOURI, WHICH THE PROPHET WAS country produced $1,032,000 farm 1837. IMPRISONED,

The Saints, by the end of the year produce, $1,460,000 livestock, and 1833, found themselves divested of $2,993,000 meat and livestock their property in Zion, and they products.

never went back to reclaim it, alThe assessed valuation of Jackthough many vain efforts were made son County is $461,396,210. There

to obtain legal redress. are 1300 miles of hardsurfaced

Following the departure of the highways, not including 742 miles of

Saints, Jackson County returned to paved streets in Kansas City, With the hands of nonMormons, and for the exception of Westchester years remained so. Only comparCounty, New York, Jackson County

atively recently has the Church rehas more paved roads than any other entered this area, but it has been county in America. There is no

with great success. Friends have single point in Jackson County that

been raised up to the Latterday is not within two miles of a hard

Saints where once there were none surfaced highway.

to defend them, and today Mormons Among other interesting informaand nonMormons live peacefully tion regarding Jackson County, is side by side. the following: Twelve trunk line

The Church has a beautiful railroads and four electric railchapel in this "center place,"this roads run into Kansas City. In 1931

former central gathering place. It more than 125 million bushels of

has a progressive printing estabwheat were harvested; which with

lishment, and the headquarters of 1,665,445 head of cattle and other the Central States Mission are loanimals made a total value of $139,- cated there. 500,000, There are 6,274 retail

The word of the Lord is going stores with a total net annual sales forth from Independence in the form of $375,000,000.

of millions of tracts and pamphlets, Kansas City, compared with other as well as copies of the Book of American cities, has established

Mormon. This literature is sent to itself in a commendable manner. It

the far corners of the earth, and has one of the largest livestock exfrom the office in Independence the changes in the world; boasts a great

missionary activities in four states winter wheat and hay market and are directed. flour milling production; and posThe Church owns much of the sesses a great horse and mule maroriginal temple lot of sixtythree {Concluded on page 587)

To stand out against the crowd, the "wrong crowd,"takes courage. That is graiited. But,

vi/no fSs LJour CJnena? cowards get nowhere—their fate is failure. The

TX/ho is your friend? The companion who says, ofsenseridiculeof victory,or ostracism,when rightwill isleadupheldyou toin thethe conface

"Aw, be a good sport! Have a cocktail or quest of all obstacles, to true success. Many sucsmoke a cigaret,"who urges you to do something cumb in life's battle because they fear to take a

contrary to good morals or the high ideals of your stand against wellmeaning but mistaken friends.

people? Is he your friend? Don't be one of them.

"No,"says "a daughter of Zion"whose letter is Friends are soon found in the "right crowd."

reproduced in this issue, (See page 538) With Your mistakes, if any, will be forgotten in your new the "right crowd,"reaching out for a clean, moral way of life. Those who live righteously find it

life, she was happy; after she was caught by the easy to forgive, for they know the command of the

"wrong crowd,"depending upon unnatural stimuLord, "Of you it is required to forgive all men."

lants for joy, unhappiness weighed her down. Now Then, out of wholesome, righteous, natural assoshe is fighting to return to the old, good ways. ciations will come a sense of freedom, a joy that

"No,"shouts "a young mother in Israel"who can be found in no other way.

has just been divorced. Her husband was a model The old proverb may well be remade: Evil

citizen and Church member, prosperous in busiassociations corrupt good morals. Whoever would

ness, loving to his wife and child, until a companion find happiness would do well to remember the disport."to he is urged him be a "good Now A. W. warning.—/. lost his business, alcowith is intimate vorced, has

hol and gambling, and consorting with evil men and women. The descent was rapid; five years Gf What Shall Gur

from his wedding day.

"No,"warns society. Millenniums of human cKanas uje C/ean?

experience declare that whoever lives in opposition pOR THE coming year the Mutual Improvement companion—neverto the immutable lawsa friend—whoof nature shouldis a dangerousbe avoidple Associationsof the Churchagaina themeplacefrombeforethe thewordyoungof scrippeo-

ed as pestilence. The only excuse for contact ture. It is taken from the 24th Psalm. It asks vital

with him would be the attempt to heal him, and questions of all men and answers them for all men:

then with full precaution against contagion. Who shall ascend into the hill of the Lord? or who shall

"You are missing a lot,"says the companion stand in his holy place?

who wants you to be a "good sport,"himself unHe that hath clean hands, and a pure heart; who hath not

lifted his deceitfully. vanity, soul unto nor sworn up evil. flimsy of der the thralldom and A weak rightshall the blessing receive Lord, the from and He

effects. invitation! are by their Things known his salvation, verses eousness of the (24th from Psalm, God

Alcohol makes drunkards; rifle bullets kill men; 3. 4. and 5.)

that is well known. Should you take the chance For a man to have clean hands is something more

of drunkenness—a person ever so little under the than an idle phrase and something more than a influence of alcohol is drunk to that degree—to washing ablution. That man or woman—that prove the known effect of alcohol; or do you need young man or woman—who would have clean

to be shot to understand the known force of the hands must have hands free from the guilt of bullet? What your tempter really asks is that any violation of chastity or the moral code. He

you surrender yourself to the control of a drug or must have hands clean from the rust of idleness, a vicious habit, to be something less than a man, in from the corrosion of inactivity, from the decay of exchange for a temporary exhilaration, ultimately indolence. He must have hands clean from the

injurious and inferior to any normal enjoyment. tarnish of other men's goods or from the taint

The person who says that you are "missing a of reaching after other men's goods. Thus saith

lot"by not carousing is really making the offensive the Lord God of Hosts:

implication that happiness cannot be won through Fret not thyself because of evildoers, neither be thou normal, healthful ways of life. He imphes that for envious against the workers of iniquity.

success the athlete should be sick, the teacher A little that a righteous man hath is better than the riches ignorant, the writer without ideas, the artist withof many wicked. (Psalm 37, 1 and 16.)

out vision, that the whole world would be better He who would have clean hands must have off, if tipsy. That is contrary to truth. It is the hands clean also of that which belongs to his

breaker of nature's laws who may be known by Father in Heaven. A service withheld from a

weakness, ignorance, and a lack of ideas and vision. neighbor in his hour of need, or from the Church,

Through obedience to law alone may real happiness is time and effort belonging to the Lord. May our

be won. hands be clean from withholding such service.

"Your friends will influence your course of life; The same is true of tithes and offerings that find

they will pull you down or lift you up; therefore not their way from the coffers of men to the purchoose them carefully. It is better to have no poses of God.

friends than bad ones. People who read trashy Nor can hands be clean which lift to the mouth

literature, tell foul stories, or prefer nightlife exof man those things which have been forbidden citement to earnest effort by day, should be avoidthose things which the word of the Lord counsels ed; those who seek the best thought of the ages, are not good for man, including alcohol and towho converse about worthwhile subjects, and who bacco and all other things which are hourly

bravely toil along the path to success should be flaunted in our faces or carried to our ears in

I sought out and cherished. the printed and spoken media of the day.

To have clean hands means so much else that not turned back; neither have our steps declined

cannot here be written. But no hand that is usefrom thy way."R. L. E.

lessly idle, or indifferently employed, or actively forbidfurtherance unholy of for the andengaged are the c/ne liearer Uxeaches hands Clean can be clean.den things,

hands that are assiduously used for furthering the "VSTiTH an aim such as Latterday Saints have purposes of God and the joy and happiness and taken, "Be ye therefore perfect, even as your temporal and eternal wellbeing of man. Father which is in heaven is perfect,"we must

Something is said concerning a pure heart. The guard against discouragement. The climb upward

heart was anciently thought to be the seat of stretches so far ahead that the mountain top is lost thought and emotion. A pure heart is the symin veiling mists. If we do not fix clearly in our

bol of pure thought, and right thinking is the minds what the goal is, we may wander off and preface to right living. No hand may be clean become lost.

whose directing impulse comes from a mean or Having once fixed our aim in our minds, we can small or unrighteous thought. "As a man thinkturn our attention to the nearer reaches of the

eth, so is he."Having a pure heart is another path which leads to that goal. We must keep

way of saying, "think straight."And straight the nearer parts of the road clear from crowding

thinking is the crying need of the day. There and malignant growth which shuts off the view

are men and women in all walks of life, many and leaves us to wander into box canyons from of them in high places, who are trying to make which there is no outlet and where stagnation and this generation believe that two and two are equal death await. Sometimes we become content with

to something other than four. Proof against such a lesser goal and lose sight of the ultimate destinahighly supported deception is obedience to the comtion towards which we were formerly working.

mandments of God and companionship with His Sometimes we wander aimlessly rather than pursue find that our course. as covered have we We clean, soundHoly Spirit. A pure heart—straight, energy as in our ground and expended much much thatthinking, harbors motive no unrighteous and

no warped intent. wandering as we should have used had we continued straight ahead. We stop to cool ourselves

Who hath not hfted up his soul unto vanity by a wayside brook when, if we had climbed onThere are many kinds of vanity and most of them ward, we could have refreshed ourselves at the are deeper and more serious than a woman's idle spring from which all who drink will never thirst again. discover late that too been we have Weadmiration for herself—or a man's either, for satisfied palliative with a temporary when we mightthat matter.

It is vanity of the worst order that prompts men have had eternal satisfaction.

to suppose that they can ignore the laws of God Mothers particularly need to keep the nearer or man without reaping the rewards of disregard reaches of the path clear, because in addition to for law. traveling the distance themselves, they must also

children the go. along the they should way It is vanity of a very foolish sort that would lead lead children adults, often both only short and With

anyone to believe that because he had discovered a distances can be covered. In safeguarding against

few of the laws of nature and learned to harness serious trouble, time should be provided for rest.

forces,a natural that his transcends few wisdom of directed. periods wisely be rest must The The of or laws,those Administrator and the Maker oflFer will relaxation for time meditation and conthose laws. templation when we can consider for ourselves

It is vanity of a very dire nature that would lead and those who travel with us the many truths any young man or woman to believe that the which have been revealed to help guide us in atrichest rewards of life could come to him or her taining our goal. While we are resting, we have

without broad and arduous preparation for the a chance to contemplate the heavens, not the responsibilities and opportunities of life. earth. We are forced to remember that it is by

More could be said of him who has "lifted up the kindness of heaven that earth brings forth her his soul unto vanity,"but there is yet to consider fruits for our material bodies. It is by the mercy

that part of the theme which deals with swearing of heaven that inspiration comes to guide our deceitfully. eternal souls.

To pledge a covenant and break it is to swear The inspired moments are precious and exceeddeceitfully. In its broader sense, to profess to ingly rare. We must, through our periods of

be that which we are not or to profess to believe rest, try to build for some of the inspired moments that which we do not believe is to swear deceitfully. that we may keep in tune with the Higher Will

To forsake principles and ideals once espoused is and become instruments of His accomplishment.

also a kindred thing. To be silent when to speak Since it is by contemplation alone that man touches

would exonerate another, or to speak that which the infinite part of himself, which is above reason, destroys the truth of silence, is to swear deceitwe should consider the plans for the day's journey.

fully. We shall find that as we plan, day by day, without

Such is the new year's M. I. A. theme in adding the burdens of the past and the future

its application to this life we live. It is the lanand yet keeping the end always in view—we can

guage of David, inspired of the Lord, poetically find in the nearer reaches of our journey a satisphrased. It is merely another guide in the eternal faction from our accomplishment that will leave

quest for happiness, which is the pursuit of all men, us with a renewed desire and a confidence that we and the end of all righteous living. It is another shall attain our goal and indeed reach perfection.

way of saying, with our fathers: "Our heart is—M. C. /.

NEW ENGLAND MISSION Young Elizabeth Steele Statley, Mona,,

PRESIDENT CHOSEN Utah.

"PVr. Carl F. Eyring, Dean of the ColSunday, July 4. 1937.

*- lege of Arts and Sciences at Brig- L. D. S. Church Projects: Three

ham Young University and a member ward projects, involving an outlay of of the Deseret Sunday School Union $45,000 are being carried to completioni

General Board, has been appointed in Salt Lake City, as part of the Churchu president of the recently organized security plan. One is the new chapel!

New England Mission. in the 32nd Ward. Improvements are

Dr. Eyring graduated at B. Y. U. in reported in the Fifth Ward and Lincolrt

1912 and remained as instructor in Ward.

physics. He received his M, A. degree Wednesday, July 7, 1937.

and of Wisconsin, University LEFT: the DR.from EYRING, CARL PRESIDENT

S. of President the Rulon Wells, OF MISSION. RIGHT: ENGLANDF. THE NEW Institute California the fromhis Ph.D. WARD, FRANK NEW MEMBER OF First Seventy, of Council who was bom addition he J. In 1 924. inof Technology BOARD. CHURCH SECURITY in 7, 1854,. Salt City, Lake on July research the in yearsserved twolaboratories of the Bell Telephone NEW MEMBER APPOINTED was honored with an informal rein at Salt City> Lake his home CHURCH SECURITY ception TO his professional of MostCompany.

in active been Church work He has BOARD spent as a been hascareer, however, since early youth and is still active and former bishop Ward, J. Frank of Brigham Young University "Pldermember

of the at vigorous. Emigrationfaculty. and Ward

wife Grant, Augusta of Winters present Bonneville of Stake a member in active been has long Dr. Eyring President celebrated Heber J. Grant, Council, to High has appointed been in recognition havingthe won Church, eightyfirst her familybirthday with a the First Security Church board by the teaching. activity andhis Scout Boy dinner at Pinecrest. Presidency. anappointment The was served has he three years the pastFor

12, 1937. August 15, 1937. Thursday, July the General Board of the Sunday nouncedon

is general manager of Elder WardSchool. Building Activity. Excavation beDairy Products MidWestern Comthe Salt gan on City Lake Temple pany, a of the Club, Rotary member

tofor ground addition an undergroundPRESIDENT LYMAN the the Club, Country Chamber will of the Annex. Temple be There aADDRESSES WORLD the Commerce, and ManufacUtah

feet; cloak 30 65 room, enan x newFELLOWSHIP OF FAITHS turers'Association.

larged dining for room Temple Workcarries the mesStar MillennialHThe ers. BARN""OLD RAZED

* leaders religious fiftyfour that sage the to of Improvements value $15,000 located Barn,"socalled 'T'he "Old spoke different countries ninefrom in are under the Temple,, Logan way immediately north the of Deseret International Assemthe ofat sessions the to and the approaches Manti Temis razed. being Gymnasium, This "Old Faiths of Fellowship of thebly World are being paved. for Barn"used years a ple as was many 7-17. in London, July convenedwhich for granary the Presiding Bishop's 1937. 25, July final session the at speakers of theOne it Office. as Later used a gymwas RichSalt Elder President Frank of Evansof the Lake Assembly was for the Saints'nasium Latterday UniCity, installed president as was: subject was "The sucHisard R. Lyman. versity, where championship many ceeding President B. the of Colton. System Mormon DonMissionary of basketball played games and were of in the Peace Factor as aChurch 29, 1937. this July the representing teams by won International Underandthe World It school. also of the scene was many in Rotterdam, broken Ground wasstanding."the conducted dances Latterday by first and', for Netherlands, the chapel

CHURCH OF THE AIR severalSaints'yearsUniversity.it has beenDuringthe homethe lastof recreationSaints in Holland.hall built by the Latterday-BROADCAST the foreign language papers of the

/AKLAND and San Francisco Stakes Church, namely, "T h e Bikuben,"July 30, 1937.

- rendered the nationwide Church "Utah Posten,""Salt Lake City BeoPresident Heber J. Grant unveiled a.

of the Air broadcast of August 1, bachter,"and the "Utah Nederlander."bronze plaque marking the place where

C. Kimball nine Heber baptized perthe Columbia weeklyconducted by PIONEER in OF 1847 sons 1837. President Reubem J. Elder morning. eachsystem Sunday PASSES Clark, address recalled Jr., in an the the of Hilton, president OakEugene

land Stake, was the speaker and the Bashua Dorcas Kingsbury Fryer, one fact that 52,000 "comrades"have gone music was furnished by the San Franof the five women honored at the Pioto the United States from England, and'cisco Stake choir. neer Days Celebration of July 24, 1937, that the time now has come for the

passed away August 9, 1937. Mrs. British Saints to "strike out for themIDAHO HONORS PIONEERS LakeFryer City,was onbornNovemberat the Old19, Fort,1847, Saltand icansselves"forandleadership.not to dependPresidenton AmerGrant

JUSTICE Alfred Budge of the Supreme thereby won her right to be classed said, "You people have furnished more

Court of Idaho delivered a Pioneer with the original pioneers. Mrs. Fryleaders for the Church than all the

Day address at St. Anthony, Idaho, er's parents were members of the A. missions throughout the world."Other

on July 24th, before an audience of be- O. Smoot company. The surviving speakers were Dr. Richard R. Lyman,

tween four and five hundred people. Pioneers are: Melissa Lambson Davis, president of the European Mission, and

This tribute to the Pioneers was reMary A. Parks Brockbank, both of George D. Pyper, superintendent of the

produced in full in the Teton Peaks Salt Lake City, Utah; Hulda ThursSunday Schools, and Ruth May Fox

Chronicle. ton Smith, Lewiston, Idaho; and president of the Y. W. M. I. A.

Exploring the Universe By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

XJeels are of Persian origin, introteria in an insoluble film which does A GOLFER who plays 18 holes on a duced to elevate the feet from the not form with this softener recommendwarm day may lose two glasses

Iburning sands. ed by the Mellon Institute for Indusof water in perspiration and give off

trial Research. enough heat to raise the temperature

of a ton of water one degree.

'T'he preying mantis is an insect which devours her mate and deserts her children.

A lionSTONEto helpcatapultcatchis itsusedvictim,by thethe antant.

The antlion makes a slanting funnel in the sand. The ant slides down the

slant and is stoned by the antlion from the bottom of the funnel to prevent the ant from escaping. The tigerbeetle,

A NEW historical confirmation of the too, has a clever ambush. The beetle

"'*'Bible account is reported by a digs himself a perpendicular hole, which

British Museum expedition digging in he stops up with his flat, bronze head.

northern Syria. Important new disIf any other insect steps on this deit ceiving tips trapdoor immediately Hittite light fresh thecoveries throw on for the Rockefeller Ctudies Foundastranger the and inside. up disappears referthereoccupation confirm which tion have given a but dark new 4 relations in to the Bible between ences picture fever. of yellow The Aedes Palestine Hittites the people the of and has been /oiTER 38.6 reduced from is aegypti mosquito longer sole the no

is inespecial south. to of the This 8.2 to per cent the school among carrier there and other be "hosts"may theterest since these diggings before population in in eleven years Michigan than man. areas Vast of hinterland of

to references Bible thought be were salt, through the use of iodized and both South America Africa are and time. inAvrong goiter practically can be out wiped centers for the jungle of the form

doctors believe. disease, different only in that it occurs

"Tatural bridges are sometimes > in rural districts and forests instead of "formed across the Nile river by HThe rails of the Japanese Governcities.

drifting materials. One bridge, comment Railway's system contract at

rate the of vegetable matter several with a soft of milesposed quite a year, beings, such divers as t-TuMAN and is feet soil in surface, It length apart and 1200 from fluctuation. temperature tunnel workers, are working who

is feet elephants this conjectured wide. herd that of370 puzzling con- A air high under pressure, get commay

is dition tohas cross train them. been caused revibration known on by illness, air pressed but not so with

initial the stresses in moving the rails. whales. whales The Atlantic in South 4 five are times donkeys'T'here more live Ocean on lower existing at animals

is billion estimated Tt gallons that 35 "than camels in Egypt. great depths. The whale can go down

"- of blood the 300 feet, stay there are pumped by for 15 human minutes, and return in the average lifetime. rapidly to the surface without "don't"for drinkers: "Perheart A nother

ill effects. any sons taking strychnine as a medicine must not drink whiskey or other Cynthetic resins are being used in >

alcoholic liquor."Taken together * Germany for bearings of even "Dlood stains on furniture, walls, or

strychnine and alcohol are both deheavy machinery. They use water inwood even after several weeks and

pressing and act on the same vital stead of oil for lubrication. supposedly wiped clean can now be

organs, affecting especially heart and > detected by use of chemicals which breathing. They are deadly poisons Cteel workers take a pill when they react with hemin in the blood to give

even in small amounts. * a blue luminescence. Photographs are exposed to intense heat to keep> taken in the dark of areas comfortable. pill is where the salt mostly The

Cheepmen in Texas are using rubber with some dexfrose, effective heat comsolution of peroxide and a derivative * bands instead of the knife to bob batants. of phthalic acid has been spread show

lamb's tails. The band is put on tightly a bright blue light where blood has

in the right location to stop circulation A RAT which is indiflFerent to offspring been.

and after a time the tail drops off. to given her will for adoption 4 eagerly adopt and mother as many as Photographs can be taken in "pitch

Tt is estimated that a farmer plowing may be placed in her cage after being dark"by using the invisible infrawith a twohorse walking plow has given a few injections of prolactin, a red light from flat irons at ordinary to walk about seven and a half miles to hormone from the pituitary gland. The ironing temperatures. By using the

plow an acre. maternal instinct becomes so universal same infrared rays from the sun which

that the rat will not only cherish rats, have passed through rain and clouds

X-IousEwiVES cannot only soften the but also baby mice, rabbits, or even into a reflector concentrating them, the "* * water but improve the cleanliness baby squabs which would otherwise be infrared sextant can determine the eaten by a healthy adult rat. position of the sun. is sextant Thisof the dishes adding sodium metaby

. reported to be so sensitive that it will to thephosphate water dishused in

washing machines. Ordinary soap and /LOTHES moths can live five years record the heat rays coming from a

water softeners frequently trap the bacwithout food. man's face a mile away.

of aThe burial ground LOST CIVILIZATION A PERSON INTERESTED IN ANCIENT LORE WOULD FIND A

DAY AT Cervetri very valuable.

They were the mysterious and longvanished race of people whose burial customs are so similar in many respects to those

OF THE American Inehan.

MOUNDS AT CERVETRI

BY within of the rooms to represent VERONA TORONTO Thethenaturemounds is made

BOWEN as nearly as possible the home and environment of the individuals buran oblongshaped tufo promontory. ied therein. Therefore, the early

In Etrurian it was called Caere, A ones are small with hutshaped interiors. Later admore ones wereTHIS is all that wall or of fragment twoFOUNDIS INTYPICALTHE BURIALOF THEGROUNDSBEAUTIFULAT CERVETRI.VASES structure vanced with rooms and furitself city unless the of remains

ther excavation reveals more. It more like our present houses and

THE prophylactic sun is not these remains that one goes have rude arches which give enWHENrays of Italy pierce through to see but the fields of tombs which trance to other chambers. In the

the dull clouds, all Italy cover some three hundred and fifty case of the poor, one room alone the large used. In ones were of sixteen acres which was only in their such a acres, warmth.basks On chamber, a vestibule, and a central remainunearthed. have been The it is the out good to getmorning

small chambers. These dependent hilsmall discerned der by be may veils,dusters, the the bonnets, and cut rock are of houses out and tufo in places series raised of locks or a tasty impromptu pack an upand walls columns. supported by The tombs surface. earth's the These rolling the before outsnack sepulchral surrounded by are the centuries for were known by Italian lessthan-a-Ford(the )—andBallila ofi small in the shelves, case or them, oyer wandered shepherds who the off Cervetri, for to the daythen the side of sHelf a each rooms, on excavating did at some random and ruins. old Etruscan Ourfamous just that body. held one The room valthe of plundering for personal inare supposedlyIndian mounds couchthese placed bodies on were 1910 Since contained. uables they theirs. rivalssect vases placed es which were around private government under and These who oil, various or wine, of perfume, ofEtruscans?—And is being excavating ownership much they?were to precious things other foods and done. in ancient interested person individual. A the

lore would find a day at Cervetri The tombs are interesting to us very valuable. The Etruscans were because in so many instances they This strange porous volcanic tufo

the mysterious and longvanished are so similar to our American Incontains an acid that completely derace of people who lived before the dian mounds. Curious, too, were molished the bodies of the earliest

advent of Christ. Supposedly and the things placed about the dead, buried people, but in those of more

from all indications they were saveven as many of the Indian burials. recent date bones have been found

age in morals and religion and posThe tombs are along old streets as yet not absorbed by the elesioly by nature. They show considwhich for centuries have been covments. One tomb has been left enerable of the Egyptian and Grecian ered up. The tombs were rudely tirely intact, not an urn or dish havinfluence and are thought to be of burrowed out of tufo (volcanic poring been touched by a human hand

this derivation. In certain of their ous rock) beneath the upland turf. since it was opened.

artistic tastes they were quite as civThey are as old as the twelfth and The burial couch of a man is holilized as most modern nations. Certhirteenth centuries before Christ. lowed down about two inches with

vetri represents one of the three Some are very large, containing as a shght rise or pillow effect at the strongholds of the Etruscans, about many as fortyeight burial couches. top for the head to rest on. The

one hundred kilometers southwest of Some contain individual entrances couch of a lady is cut deeper, or

Rome. They lived in the country and chambers. Others are for the about four inches with a bedstead

of this region before Rome began poor and are quite small. These effect of about twelve inches at the

and from them part of the backhave flowers and grass growing on ends of the couch. The pillow efground of the Romans comes. the earth that has been left clingfect remains the same. The tombs

The ancient Cervetri was built on ing to them during the excavations. were sealed by immense oblong tufo

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1937

carved tufo boxes placed at the enearthenware is both plain and dec- n trance of the tomb. orated and lovely in contour and

In some of the more recent tombs design.

were some early effaced paintings And as one leaves these tombs and carved stone. Bas reliefs were in the evening the dying Italian sun

sculptured all about the walls and in the west makes a glorious base on the columns. This particular of the mist and soft clouds. It is

type is wonderfully valuable historlovely to leave at sunset, and ride ically as clothing, utensils, food, war down the sloping hills facing the implements, musical instruments, brilliant sky against the Mediterare depicted. Over the door of one ranean Sea below, to the little hamare sculptured oxen heads. let of Palo, once Etruscan and later

the site of villas for Caesar, PomSuch tombs are vastly impressive. pey, Marcus Aurelius, and other

these are found tombs Among fadin the then niches great rulers—and filled with vases in which human Aurelia ing dusk, along the Via

ashes showed the practise of creto Rome, the Eternal City.

mation. In these tombs remarkable

ornaments and treasures have been discovered, including much fine silver and gold work. Ear rings,

bracelets, pins, crowns, head dresses, rings, of the most minute filigree and workmanship were among the things that were looted before it was government property. The

TYPE OF BURIAL COUCH, CERVETRI

THIS LARGE STATUE OF APOLLO IS ONE OF

THE MOST FAMOUS OF THE ETRUSCAN ART

TREASURES YET DISCOVERED.

rocks. At the entrance of the tombs

are tombstones or markers cut out of rock, small houses or oblongs about a foot in size representing a lady, while the marker of a man was a mushroom topsy turvy some eighteen inches tall. In front of some

mounds many markers are found placed in a tray of stone. Babies

and small children were buried in

fate these of passing the eventual left in ILLINOIS YIELDS CHURCH DOCUMENTS valuable be would documents at them {Continued Icom page 543) the present time, but would condoubt. And so, with characteristic offer. sider an

letters, etc., pertaining to Joseph Smith, the generosity and sound reasoning,

Mormon Prophet. Sincerely yours, they agreed to yield possession for

etc., I of documents, a number have E. in (Signed) C. Bidamon fair considera- a modest very and

is involved. the Prophetwhich Place, Catalpa 238 list tion. purof documents The I also manuscript been which has have 111. Wilmette,

title conveyed chased, to which wasidentified of the Elders Church by Mormon original the of the ofas part manuscript C. from Charles to Wilford Wood accomElder Wood, A CCORDiNGLY Price. pocket Also a silver GreatPearl of bill of notarized a by Bidamon and panied M. E. at in the by Dr. Prophet'spiece pocket which was Mrs. W. sale, following: the includes assassination. his ofthe time called of Mr. the at Stookey, home

in E. Bidamon Charles and Mrs. the original of from manuscript Part into papers came These my possession Illinois, 10, 1937, on July later the Pearl which Price was of Great Prophet's the Smith,through widow, Wilmette, Emma

whom my father. Major L. C. Bidamon, for the purpose of examining and compiled.

married. I have had numerous chances to negotiating for the documents reDeed of John Hatfield to Lorina Woods.

dispose of these papers, but have not seen ferred to. There was a considerInventory of Property of Joseph Smith,

fit Theto doMormonso. Church has a headquarters able number of them, and these Facsimile of Book of Abraham.

in Chicago of which Wilmette is a suburb, kindly and honorable people, who History of Joseph Smith's incarceration and easy of access. had cherished and treasured them in Liberty, Clay County, Jail, etc.

of poems. pages If Two care of the members Church to come naturally quite years, were for many

scrip. Kirtland bankto the documents examine house and my with but they part to reluctant them, statement Credit of Joseph Smith, Jr., I to are takethey or can do so, welcome

them to them for examination. realized that the years were leaving Nov. 8, 1839.

I do not feel inclined to put a price on them no younger and that with their {Concluded on page 573)

Life

BYabundant O. F. URSENBACH

President of the French Mission

\\T AM COME that ye might have life, and that ye might have it the majesty of fleeting visions. This

is for the powerful alone a medium I solemnly abundantly,"more of manifests appreciation what God Lord. lips fell the our of from in phenomena. His wondrous The life of is that abundant What in great the individual muses who

It is axiomatic spoke? Jesuswhich at absorbs turn outdoors each and

that the Master meant for men to vast panoramas of the divine, senses its all majestic life in interpret life living. worth makes what it well felt lived and as had beauty, He starry the into gaze can who He career, and mortal short His during amazement, night and, and in awe

to weave from the warp and woof consider how system into system fundamentals those of experience units centers are runs; but how solar gladness. and engender joy that still greater to in clusters subservient

He who gropes through life uncentral suns, again feels those heartmindful of the hand that ever busy throbs that engender an appreciation wheels the silent spheres, must not of the richness that is implied in the be disappointed if he passes from astral vision.

life never having tasted its true mis- 0. F. URSENBACH

sion. Conversely, he who has learnjlANY highsouls climb the highed to sense God's handiwork in way to life abundant, while

every moss and cobweb, drinks of others with hearts seemingly closed LIFE'S WONDROUS SONG that precious nectar that flows from to the divine impulse, eke out exthe wellsprings of life. istences with an "eat, drink, and be By O. F. Ursenbach

As a child my poetically gifted merry, for tomorrow we die,"attithou my muse as now this vesmother taught me how to see in the tude, to take with them, when the BE per song, leaf, flower, insect, bird, and beast, curtain is rung down, only a few While tranquil nature her sweet masterpieces of divine art, and to withered leaves. I hearanthemsthe selfsameraise; story all day

glory in the creations of a loving There is little that comes within long,

God. Knowing what a power this our experience that is more soulThat tells of love cind peace, of

had on my young life, I have often building than for one to feel and joy and praise.

wondered why thousands of children sense well the dawn, the glow, fully Fromtreasureddays of boonchildhood mine this are not taught, while their minds are conscious of the very purposeful This nectar quaffed from an eternal supple and phable, those fundameaning of it all, and to know that spring, mentals essential to the life of every he is. though feeling insignilicantly To turn the darkest day to brightest

noon, in the great unit in himself, child. small a this fond lyric vibrates each

creation. of majestic scheme To As He to whom a primrose, or even heartstring.

a noxious weed, is not a thing of him life is real, tangible, and potenIt comes not only in the songster's beauty, obviously has never tasted tial. Such an individual will need note

deeply of life's true mission. On the no monument to mark the place. Not birdonly in the tree, or flower, or

other hand, he who with the poet, If, in life, we can sense, feel, and And not alone in crimson cloud who, while contemplating the mysabsorb the eternal muse manifest in remote, tery of metamorphosis as he held God's wondrous handiwork, as exThis music that from everywhere is a butterfly in his hands, said: pressed in the flora and fauna of But inheard.the simplest, tiny little things,

"Could I but fathom you in all your creation; if we can drink richly of This wondrous something to me

history, man's climb to Godhood the silent messages from the stars; always sings.

would lose its mystery,"has really if we can deeply revel in the conlearned hfe through living it. crasting shades from the white cloud

Instill in the mind of a child, or against the ether blue, to those in cessors down to and including Heber an adult for that matter, that an the vast arena of all outdoors, cul- J. Grant, are prophets, seers, and

ugly dog is something more than a minating in the evening tints amerevelators; that Priesthood is insepcur, a masterpiece of divine art, and thyst, golden, and crimson; if we can arably connected with the powers of

you give him a true concept of aessee in man, God's greatest masterheaven; and that the Gospel is richly

thetic beauty to the engendering of piece; if we can sense the great philembodied in our souls,—then, assoul value. osophy of life, knowing that God suredly, we are living that very life

He who understands the simple lives and that Jesus Christ is the expressed in the words of Jesus who perspective lines that focus upon a Redeemer of the world; that man is said: "I am come that ye might

definite vanishing point, may, in a son of God and brother to our have life, and that ye might have it each vista that greets his eye, dissect Lord; that Joseph Smith and his sucmore abundantly."

WAITING LOST TRAILS UNCLOSING By Gertrude Hood McCarthy By Clarence Edwin Flynn By Neva Messner Buckett

HEN petals tightly close, they catch no says, Life Then, "Wait."OFTEN dew desert over mesas FhTt.SO of mystified, cool the to brings heat evening wWhich trails lost the wind, Where

I time bide at her her and take word, day, my jutting stand peaks And child like steal patience, silver will straining tiny denied In drops a And away against the Sharp sky, of for longedfor bauble sunny flowers hold Hope's no which From cups Some pressed wanderer has a Many clime. rendezvous.

feet burning With falling like the days Meanwhile, go by followed to interest are hearts closed mirages sweet every And When sands.

... to die But new, rebellion has long Desire's whenAnd Still, still birds, of they song or come, roundelay merry Then passed.

crickets bring, skies, nightly will under painted not conAnd Which in the treasure lays Life and comes my vey desert them The hands, is that rightly the their joy due. sighs. her To them To breast—andfolds last. at fulfilment the dear mine makes And

God rains on flowers the dew at eventide

Then I reflect and see how, had it been To sweeten and their loveliness to mould.

My own when I first made my failing To hearts He sends in showers just as wide prayer. The goodness and the mercy they enfold.

It would have been but pitiful and mean, Thus flowers and hearts would seem to be

Mayhap have brought me bitter ill to bear. allied.

So I give thanks that it is oft my fate. For each must open to receive and hold.

When I would have a thing, that Life says, "Wait."UNDERSTANDING By Norman C. Schlichtec

BRITISH COLUMBIA THE silent hills By Cristel Hastings Need naught of speech

The inmost hearts THESE cities well might be the rainbow's Of men to reach.

end!

Vancouver with its air of British pride,

Victoria of Parliamentary fame, CARDSTON'S JUBILEE

And harbors where Alaskan steamers ride! By Helen Kimball Orgill

Herewind—the first totem poles slant with the SIERRA SONG OCardstongreet thy natalfair, withmorn.glowing pride, we

Here to thee who fifty years ago today Stanley Park and Butchart Gardens By Cristel Hastings All hail vie born! was

its bridge and Capilano Canyon With in hearts tune, we'll of praise sing the this land With old of along the edge SOMEWHERE rairibow's end where the one To show true sons and tall stand Sequoias lies where lie! A region must faith built in built bright, vision with Whostalwart

that a years seem day through Eternally better than they knew!

And snowclad summits etch the luring way. Unwavered by the tempest's blast, cold

PITY THE BLIND In dim, serrated line, blue mountains rear Theywinter'sproved hoaryunto thehand.doubting ones, this

Themselves into the heavens, far and near is a favored land.

By Herbert H. McKusick Proud places where sheer beauty dwells And Heaven looking down, upon the sacrialoof made

smiled and said, "Thy glory lowland life FromHEHasWHOneverspeaksseen.of the burden of things—white clouds the Beneficentlyficeshalltheynever fade!"roof. only

In crimson and coral, And Truth and Justice from that hour have desert sunsetflame The held unbroken sway. these across sculpwinds flown High have the deepening the fading sun till Follow that in hearts O'er beat unison, to the down rifts tured blend shadows present dav.

lies glacier in the endless snow in the Where twittering of birds the quiet With in pride across thy gaze we O Canada, drifts, dusk. farflung land

And they have sped their message to me And view achievements great as e'er were

He who tells of the cares of the world here. told by mortal tongue;

Has never heard Leaving my homesick eyes blurred with a And as in vision bright, we see the future

A bobwhite call its mate, tear. loom in sight,

The whistling wings of doves, Across the eastern horizon in rainbow colors to the sound of humming bees Or listened bright. of the to see I'm weary want plains—I at work, that, neighIt is summits Blue seem for us to keep the faith, our emblem somehow,

Or caught the liquid gold of larks on a borly e'er to wave, country road. To one whose eyes are aching hungrily And trust in One who ever has been strong

sure to save, and To see once more a high Sierra tree. Some one has said that perhaps the past us reefs and rocks that he To lead

sin unforgivableThe Beauty, lived with haveTo is What matter towns to me, and city lights? Whilealongdarknessthe broodingway o'er the land, shuts

Not to have seen her face. God grant to me a glimpse of starry heights out the light of day.

I should not be surprised if he who most That lie beneath white moons somewhere Our heritage we will hold dear, attuned lives now out West our minds will be.

Will most live also when the final sunset And let my homesick heart find there its Until our love of country will be felt from fades. rest. sea to sea.

The School at the Crossroads Careers After Forty And So Victoria (Thurra Graymar, Funk and (Walter B. Pitkin, McGrawHill (Vaughan Wilkins, Macmillan, New

Wagnalls, New York, 1937. Book Company, New York, 1937, York. 1937. 618 pages. $2.50.)

241 pages. $2.00.) 267 pages.) '\TJ7iTH the interest in the coronation

editor jlA"R. of still Eucational of the fresh the minds McAndrew, job of TITr. condoes Pitkin a good a revives Society, world, and School and Review, And So—Victoriain

that vincing world's of the many in in superintendent schools of history English period dramaticformerlyChicago, Illinois, writes the preface to best drawing cards—vocationally which set the present George VI on

this book in which he points out reasons have really only reached their stride the throne of Great Britain. Intrigue,

why the public needs to become more after the forty year old mark. He assassination, doubledealing—all inschool conscious. urges older people to avoid the old tensify the interest in the inside story

Mrs. Graymar from an actual exbeaten paths for work; they must rather of how Victoria finally became the

perience of many years'standing, seek the bypaths which others have Empressqueen of all the domains from writes from the fulness of that exnot thought to investigate. Mr. Pitkin India to Canada.

perience to make all of us realize also points out some vocations in which Unpleasant situations, such as hisall as tory too records emphatically the of present the of weaknessessome successful older people never be would true, feels revived glad that are us author system.school to make The required of special aptitudes because at legislation faults in present the of unless has correctedthat our know we

issued, their pursuit. warnings The least shall notexisting of them. system, do some much we

to rectify them. Mr. Pitkin gives a list of vocations into The story simulates Anthony Ad'

The book is good reading and will which older men and women may enter verse in following the life of a boy of open the eyes of parents as well as with a reasonable amount of success. misfortune and questioned ancestry

educators to what can be done by both The author deals with the man and until he finds comparative peace. Alto better the conditions of the young his chances, suggesting that we must though much of the nastiness of the

is true, well required attend period readers topeople wonder may who are in the pioneering oldfashioned go good just inflicted with they be shouldschool. why to succeed. Mr. Pitway if we intend it in fiction. for of the focuses the ]. C. most Mrs. Graymar way M.

part on the grade school and its probkin makes the statement: "What one

lems, although she does spend some can't do, many can."By pooling capDeux Enfants de France and

time on the junior high and refers to ital, abilities, and interests, many may Deux Enfants a la Mer both high school and college. Some win success. As a striking example of (Juliette Macy, Macmillan, New

of the chapter headings will suggest the where cooperation is winning the day, York, 1937. $.50 each.)

containsmaterial the book which: "The the Churchhas Pitkin mentioned Mr.

the children French teaching Cor the and "MethodolOrder New,"Old of the Plan Security wide Mormon litdelightfully, these language two "Institutes,"ogy,""What Church. tle will invaluable. found books beShall Whom?""Discipline,"We Teach—and logic examples, of the use and By will the pictures reinforce reading The is It to that sincerely suhoped be

perintendents and boards of education Walter B. Pitkin, author of Life Bematter and both will serve to make the

throughout the country will read the gins at Forty, has proved his point children actually think in French, rather book and profit from that reading. that people may have Careers After than translate from English to French.

C. /.—M. C. /. Forty.—M. C. ].—M.

M. I. A. READING COURSE BOOKS

Executive: The Man of Galilee.

Adult and Senior: Ttie Return to Religion.

M Men and Gleaner: Step a Little Hioher.

How to Win Friends and Influence People.

Explorer: Real Persons.

Junior: North to the Orient.

Boy Scout: Cowboy Hugh.

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

never let them feel that she is there avail herself of them. Through her

for them to lean on needlessly. study, she will bring into the homeSchooldays Mother should listen sympathetic- a freshness of outlook, an alertness

ally to all the small tales which they of mind, a quick and ready response bring home, but she must not take that will radiate to her family and sides. She must be careful that not make them more interested in her as

by word or act does she influence a person. If mother doesn't avail

unduly the easily molded attitudes herself of more than the housework, of her offspring. She should mainshe'll find that she won't be rememtain more than a passing interest in bered long for having been a good

the school where her young will be housewife.

situated during the next few months.

By visiting, by friendly notes to her READING DAYS learn teachers, she can youngster's complete without should DAY be ]o It the not be/ling! Clang! may in of she be most what ways may reading mother's on some good little school bell red the of to help the best help. Often way

. issue of part. In the Hygeia July chilthe will whichhouse summon letting help child him himthe is by all article that mothers an appears play, their because nowdren from if is times, child parself; the at other to reread read well and do would are schools modern theadays timid, help ticularly she havcan by title the time. to time of from The like buildother to look anyenough

is of article Sight"and Right "The bell in a Buting the community.

Farrell, director is written Gabriel by Susie will be,there and and Mary the Institution for of Perkins the off joyously, will Ellen scamperand interest, Blind. stimulate your To andwhile and Jimmie Teddy Johnny

let teasers from throw out some us for after,will drag unwiUingly article. areschool here again and all the days that although author states The learning. in sharemust of in the extent States the United

to about think hard Mothers need in is less blindness than probably first school: at children'sthe days are countries, there yet most other will cut the wear, clothesthe they

of their hair, their conduct and at120,000 blind people, one out of of population, and every thousand just suit thetitude. John's may be

visdefective children with 50,000 if grader, thething for a first but this "nearly number ion. And ofboys hiss "sissy"at him, you'll be the blindness threefourths of

brewing much unhappiness for yourcountry is absolutely preventable!"in this

forself a him complex perhaps and fireworks, industry, herediWar, if in or cords don't put him you toll their take from tary at causes—all his home, speeches ing give him theoveralls are other as boys such

If in eyesight. houseyour normal kindand encouragement with much ties longwearing. Flowing and the of people there hold are young it. give to best ly suggestions on how all incurls right the days were when or above, adolescent encourage age

in hero, Little a are children Fauntleroy Lord the while was Now learn article to the read and them it is manlier opportunity thebut a have mother's must school, boy now for social purity value of the both tie haircut. schoolof to kind and undertake some they for themselves and whom there's teacher. the herself. then for She mothwork Too many And for enmates. choose should thoseWe settle relief job that mothers ahas most a ers sigh would and of heave will the frankness courage which

tackle. that are to unwilling jobs to mustbe She ordinary the down bill insist of clean a us on make

it. like If take school in and mother the everpresent Jimmie home.make of part heredity the health on and

try is will to right that hasn't bit the mothers least wise, she She the parents. to are those become who of will the to to pat take find ofpresume study which change kind some

approval into the spat of rebuke. improve her mind so that she may

Mothers would be the first to resent keep abreast of her forwardmoving COOKING DAYS it if the teachers should make disfamily. Universities and colleges VUHEN the children come home in

paraging remarks about mothers in are eager to offer suggestions and a rush from school and you are front of the children. Mothers home study courses, many of them in a hurry to get off to that class you

should then consider it no less an free of charge. It may be that are attending, why not try this for

offense for them to make unkind mother has always had a desire to a luncheon dish?

remarks about the teachers before study poetry, drama, or the novel; Chocolate Cinnamon Toast

tsp. cinnamon the children. Mothers and teachers she may feel that she needs to be21 tbs.tbs. buttersugar 6% slices should cooperate to the best decome more zealous in her study of 1 tbs. Ghirardelli's Ground Chocolatebread

velopment of the children. dietetics, house management, or Cream butter, add sugar, Ghirardelli's

slices of bread, toast both edges from on better, also these they all—-of need to study any—or pendence—butChildren need to be taught indeclothing. Now is her chance to Ground Chocolate and cinnamon. Trim mixture. chocolate spread with and

is will find in the subjects. often backShe know that someone for to chocolate sugar oven that sidesReturn and

ground, loving them, cheering them, her own community offers opporto melt. Cut slices in triangular pieces.

praying for them. Mother must tunities to keep alert if only she will Serve hot.

.

N SWITZERLAND WITH

By ALBERT E. BLASER PRESIDENT GRANT

THRILLED with anticipation and the Father and that we are his dethe Atlantic ocean. I can hardly

delighted with their presence scendants. Today we are in the hope that I can come here again, but

the good people from Switzerpresence of his anointed prophet,"I certainly do hope that I will. It is

land and southern Germany turned ever a pleasure to me to meet with out in great numbers to greet Pres- 'T'he opening words of President any of the Latterday Saints in any ident Heber J. Grant and Elder Grant as he stood up to address of their gatherings."

Richard R. Lyman on their visit to the eagerlistening, aweinspired In concluding his remarks, Presthe SwissGerman Mission. audience of Swiss and German peoident Grant bore a burning testimony

July 2nd was really a gala day ple, were: "I am very sorry that I to the divinity of this work. "With

for Bern, the capital of Switzerland. could not understand what Brother all my heart and soul I thank God

Here the party was well received by Anderson and Brother Kelly said. for the Gospel of Jesus Christ, and

Saints and friends. Newspaper You know we do not like to hear our I pray God to help me and you and

photographers and reporters from names used and not know what is every soul that is a member of the leading papers were granted interbeing said."Many Saints had waitChurch so to live that our examples

views. The dinner at the home of ed long to see and to hear a prophet of honesty and integrity will cause

District President Walter Ruf was of the Lord speak, and as President people to investigate the truth, I served by sisters wearing native Grant spoke and explained the simthank God that He did appear to

Swiss costumes. ple truths of Mormonism, relating the boy Joseph Smith, that He did

The evening services were well some of his lifeexperiences, a introduce His Son to him, and that attended, the commodious hall being strength and power were felt which we have the truth."

packed to capacity. All were espetestified that he was indeed speaking Tuesday, July 6th, was a day long

cially pleased with the personality in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. to be remembered at Zurich. A deof President Grant and the convinc- "I am very happy indeed that in licious meal was served at the home

ing address he delivered. the providences of the Lord I am of District President Edward Feh.

"It has been about thirtythree permitted to be here to meet with The afternoon was enjoyed with the years since last visiting this land,"you people. My passage on the missionaries in a motor boat ride on

said President Grant to a group of steamers has been engaged three the Zurich lake. Lunch among the

interested visitors who had gathered different times, and each time sometrees in a Swiss setting added to the about him at the station in Basel thing intervened so that I could not occasion.

( Switzerland ) come. I told my folks that I would The evening service was very imThe following morning being Sunnot expect to get here until I was on pressive. Saints and friends from

day, July 4th, brought with it many surprises. Twenty Gleaner Girls,

each dressed in white, assembled to surprise their guest's as they came to the breakfast table. They sang

several folksongs. Their visitors

were each given a fitting present representative of Switzerland. At

ten o'clock over three hundred people crowded into the church to catch the words of their much beloved prophet.

President Lyman was much stirred by the singing of the "Hosannah

Chorus"by the choir. "You may

remember,"said he, "that when I was here five months ago you sang that chorus so effectively I had it repeated in the same meeting."

Brother Joseph Anderson, who some twentyodd years ago fulfilled a mission in Germany and SwitzerUpper left, front row: Hugh B. Brown,

land, spoke in the German language, Dr. Richard R. Lyman, President Heber J.

telling of his delight upon returning andGrantJoseph(speaking),Anderson.Max Zimmer (interpreting),

to this goodly land. Upper right: Swiss children in native

Mission President Dr. Philemon costumeLower presentingleft: Pres.flowersGrant toandPresidentDr. RichardGrant.R.

M. Kelly stated: "I am not deeply LymanLoncin at(Liege,the MonumentBelgium), toJunethe 26,Heroes1937.of

in Lower mission headquarters center: Atconcerned as to how Adam was Basel, front Switzerland, row, left to right,created, but I am assured of the fact Joseph Anderson, Hugh B. Brown, Richard G.

that he was here as the first father G.Smith;Kelly,backPresidentrow, leftHeberto right,J. Grant,Dr. Philemonand Dr.

of mankind; that he was taught by Richard R. Lyman.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 193 7'

NOTICE

To all M, /. A. Executives

and Era Directors and Workers:

Campaign material is now being mailed.

Your organization should be complete and your campaign plans carefully laid out so that the Era's fortieth anniversary year may be the most successful in Era history.

Era week—October 10 to 17.

This year's goal: An Era in

every home.

See the Blue and White Field Folder for complete details.

great distances crowded into the large auditorium. A fitting program

of music and song interspersed the speakers. Again President Grant

won the hearts and admiration of his audience. All felt the sincerity

of his testimony and the power of the divinity that accompanied him.

His blessings were commensurate with the occasion.

During the week spent in Switzerland President Grant and party took a trip through Interlaken and the

Alps. Lakes! Forests! Alps! Interlaken! On the opposite side of the

valley, and towering above all else, one sees the Wetterhorn Group'.

To the left the Engelhorner, followed by the mountains of the

Grimsel and Trift regions. To the

right, the eye wanders over lower ranges and alpine pastures to the Photograph by Norman Smith.

Lake of Brienz lying in the depths BROTHER AND SISTER HARRY EARNSHAW, HUS- "ERA"ARE WIFE, STAKE BAND AND WHO act asbelow. freedom Space and A. Y. M. M. I. AND DIRECTORS FOR THE THE

I. A., IN THE "ERA TREE"Y. RESPECTIVELY, SALT W. M. LAKE fora restorative and body. mind

OBSEiRVED AS STAKE, THEY PHOTOGRAPHED It was here in this little republic a unique feature of "ERA TREE."OF THEIR THE "GROWTH"

of Switzerland, nestled in the mounSalt Lake Stake's

SUCCESSFUL Era Season centertains that of in the Europe, ordion an The tree was painted their Saintsthe heads low bowed in rONCEivED by Brother color, of neutral windowshade and Sister nary gratitude that the Lord had sent a Harry Earnshaw, painted by so that it could be quickly rolled and prophet in their midst to encourage Norman Smith, and enthusiastically unrolled and easily carried from them in living the Gospel. Surely backed by the loyal and official famplace to place. It was displayed in

beautiful Switzerland presented her ily and membership of Salt Lake conspicuous places in each of the balmiest days to receive him. Saints Stake, from the Stake President on wards and was shown also at many

and friends have drawn nearer the down, the "Era Tree"was one of stake functions. Wards with bartruth because of having seen and the most unusual features in the ren or nearbarren limbs were

heard him. All wish him a pleasant entire Church during the past sucthereby voluntarily stimulated to

journey and Auf Wiedersehen, cessful year. make their branches bring forth

Each of the branches on the tree leaves, until every ward in Salt Lake represents one of the thirteen wards Stake produced its quota in this misof Salt Lake Stake, Each leaf sionary endeavor and made of the represents an "Era"subscription. tree a thing lovely and symmetrical.

The tree at first was painted barren, The "Era Tree,"displayed at the without leaves. As subscriptions June Conference, will undoubtedly b were turned in by ward Era direcbe adopted by other stakes who wish

tors, leaves were added to the to have their wards contribute to the branches. "good tree that beareth good fruit."

571i

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1937

MORMON MISSIONARIES IN THE MEISSEN CAST JOSIAH QUINCY ON "THE

By ELDERS RULON BLUNCK and JOHN T. CARDALL PEARL OF GREAT PRICE"

... "And now come with me,"

N THE city of Meissen, said the prophet, "and I will show

I Germany, this year, the you the curiosities."So saying, he

N. S. Kulturgemeinde is satled athevenerableway to anda lowerrespectablelook-room, where

sponsoring a gigantic proing lady. "This is my mother, genduction, "Das Tor im tlemen. The curiosities we shall see

Osten"(the Gate in the belong to her. They were purchased

East). It is an ageold sixwiththousandher owndollars;"money, andat then,a costwithol

the withstory deahng feeling, the words, deep were added city of the of;*founding out was turned "And that woman

Meissen, which to date is upon the prairie in the dead of night pine There were a mob."some by princi1008 years old. The

the of presses fixed against the wall pal characters in the play receptacles are room. openSmith These

famed here in Germany for 4'i,i,f i-Tifji. ed, and disclosed four human bodies,

their ability to grasp and shrunken and black with age. "These

"(ON "KING OWING HORSE) THE HEINRICH"exhibitor. the are said mummies,"attentionhold the of the IN A PRODUCTION. OF TENSE THE MOMENT

little to that runt at "I look want youpeople. of production A there. of fellow over a a was He

the highest it is attracting type, thousalu- the with Reich them German his in great that day. man Why,

sands of people from all parts of tation, "Heil Hitler,"and invitations was Pharaoh Necho, King of Egypt!"

Germany. Special boats, trains, and into homes became more numerous. Some parchments inscribed with

hieroglyphics us. offered then werebusse are being to chartered bring this these Following advantage, glass preserved under and were They

ofgroups people from all interest further created Europe Elders with respect. great with handled "That

to this city of Meissen where Alillustrated lectures on pioneer life is the handwriting of Abraham, the brecKtsburg, the ancient castle of and scenes. So in Meissen, GerFather of the Faithful,"said the

is the prophet. of "This autographthe first king so of Saxony, stands birthplace great of our many, the

lines these written Moses, and werestately majestically the highon and teacher, the Karl G. Maeser, 'we his brother Aaron. Here work by have

est point in the city. goes on, seeking new heights of the earliest accoimt of the Creation,

It is in the courtyard of this hisendeavor. from which Moses composed the

toric palace that this enactment of First Book of Genesis."... {Figures

time takes place, giving it the air of of386387.)the Past, by Josiah Quincey, pagesrealism. One's thoughts go back one Ada MohnLandis

thousand years, and dwell with the 1937 queenskings and of old as this wonConfest derful unfolds. story TT'he National Woman's Christian ofrighthandwords cornershould ofbethegivenfrst page,at upperand

It was through this play that two Temperance Union conducts, the class for which intended.

Mormon missionaries found an ideal through the generosity of the late Mrs. 3. Each entry should include four items:

way of giving their message to the Ada MohnLandis, prize contests to se- a. Three copies of the manuscript (two

people. As are all missionaries, cure original material, suitable for platmay be carbon)

the bearing b. sealed envelope, on One readings, abstinence encouraging form lookingthese for boys were ways

title the declamation, of the outside liquors. fromto the bring of Christ Gospel Jesus class containing: entered, the and and of the general con1938 theme The largerbefore educated and more 1. the with of sheet same paper A: is test of Abstinence Total Value The to find friendsgroups; of have title the address who and and name

to: related as Alcoholic from Drinks, writer. theinterest to to their Hsten enough

efficiency; citizenship; business health;

2. enself-addressed stamped andteachings. A civic in sports welfare; success and for sufficient postage velope with missionaries, These D. Rulon athletics; traffic in safety, elseand of manuscript. return

Blunck, Idaho, social Rexburg, life; spiritual and John where; life—the with should 4. Manuscripts be marked name to along Cardall, be theme developed City, Salt any oneT. Lake obtained intended, are class for they the of which

lines classes of the indicated. of thisparts in the of cast Two production, fully prepaid, with postage mailed and

the cast for which numbers over five manuscripts are desired: to Landis Contest, National W. C. T. U.,

hundred people. With this goal Evanston, Illinois.

recitation for declamationsreached, set they immediately will close contest Thursday, March by 5. The length, youths. up 1. adultsSenior and Maximum at must 31, 1938, 5 p. Manuscripts m. forplans bringing bethe Gospel First words. 1,000 words; 750 minimum, that before conbe received hour to be entirefore the In small group. prize, prize, $10.00. second $40,00;

prizes. sidered for

groups of five to ten people they 2. Junior declamations, for recitation by

associated, forming new friends, and boys and girls imder high school age, Full particulars for the contest will gaining stronger confidences. After but not for small children. Maximum be mailed to all who send a stamp with

having estabhshed friendships in length, 600 words; minimum, 400 words. the request.

this manner they told who they were First prize, $40.00; second prize, $10,00. Since Latterday Saints are particularly interested in the maintaining represented. they whatand They general rules of the contest are The this should standards, of temperance tracts outpassed by the hundreds, as follows: offer for helping opportunity an unusual

invitations their toand also many meetings. period In a short of two 1. Aof contestantdeclamations,maybutsubmiteach anymustnumberbe a abegoodmade,cause.naturally,The frompresentationa positiveshouldpredays the people were talking about separate entry. sentation of the advantage of total

"the two American Mormonen mis- 2. All manuscripts must be typed, doubleabstinence, rather than from the resionaries playing with us."People spaced, with liberal margins, and on lating of stories of horrors resulting

on the streets began to recognize only one side of the paper. The number from the use of alcoholic drinks.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1937

Illinois Yields Church CHANGING ATTITUDES

Documents By ELDERS MARION HUGHES and MITCHELL V. LILLYWHITE

six miles the seven over or After walking laborof privilege the had Uaving 565) page {Concluded from finally the reached ground, frozen we Presvicinity in where ing the of William home Corpus of for Habeas writ Petition Elder and ident Clawson Rudger brothEmmett, a Paper. Bankruptcy Smith Joseph

- - of er of at in the time law Standing were Joseph petition. Smith Joseph

Brother Harmon, in Elder Joseph which the tragedy to from property deed for deed and Bond not but was who the mob, shot by down Standing Jr. was Smith, to JosephIsaac Hale the of a member

Warranty deed from Willard Richards we find a somewhat different attitude Church. Instead

to Joseph Smith, Jr. towards the Mormons today. of getting a cold

Objection to Joseph Smith's discharge An account of this tragedy has reception, they glad very werein bankruptcy. the of given in a number been

us. to see The lately, so publications we Church never Elders had And so there come back to the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday thought it appropriate to tell the visited their home

Saints a few more of the cherished feeling of the people in this neighduring the eight years they had today. Church towards the borhood left fifteen that werepossessions Mr. married. is been brief comment The following nearly a cenbehindhundred miles said he Emmett

tury ago when mob violence, lawtaken from the diary of Elder had always wantlessness, and intolerance drove a Mitchell V. Lillywhite. ed to meet some

Elders 1937. 11, Mormon February intopeople them hear this as and morning cold and windy It was

religiousfor their had I but preach, left Austin and Hughes the Westernconvictions—outwilderness Thurs.Elder Marion

of which wilderness they have since Harmon's home, a member of the Church never had the

MARION ELDERS HUGHES e privilege. H

V. LILLYMITCHELLemerged, "mighty and strong."with whom we had spent the night previous. AND to begged us WHITE.

stay with them that night. hold a meeting and We told THE BRITISH CENTENNIAL PAGEANT IN THE left but at Harmon's, our grips had him we

SALT LAKE TABERNACLE hethem.said he would take us in his car to get

By JAMES H. WALLIS to AfterHarmon'sdinnerto Mr.get Emmettour grips.tookTheus windback

somewhat had quit blowing and was British emiof filled every trayed the marching audience intentAn Brother warmer, had two and Harmonit of the plains Utah. grants across at the Tabernacle, of space inch suggested children for baptism, so ready we

Sunday evening, August 1, on the At the conclusion of the pageant, that they let us baptize them. It was

got children the nearly two sundown when anhundredth the one ofoccasion counselor second David McKay, O. got they as school, as from soon but home of introduction the ofniversary of the the in First Presidency the all to branch a little went down there we Britain. MissionGreatGospel in in a brief and impressive Church, ice there the in cold bapwater creek and

aries who had served in the British address, recounted the sacrifices and tized them. Mr. Emmett was very much

Mission, and converts to "Mormonhardships of the first missionaries, impressed.

for family out looking us were when The that country, were fromism"their results of the marvelous in and thinking to got had back Emmetts, we we the before throughout, andevidence of the the blessings labors under and cornbread had a breakdown. had We the program of commencinghour it the for supper, but again attributed gravy their phenomwas knew Lord. He

liad an opportunity to exchange enal success to sincerity, inspiration, best they had, and felt very thankful for it.

tonight, to the meeting Four came men other.felicitations each with courage. and

Baptist Minister, had walked a one who of the president Eldredge, W. Jay us. of four to three or hear miles None benediction was pronounced The conAssociation,British Mission preach. heard ever a had them Mormon of the Dr. by John A. Widtsoe,

... Elder program, the and thereducted us one asked Afterwards each

George F. Richards of the Council Council of the Twelve, and former to come and stay with him. The Baptist

if said couldn't Mission. president stay Minister of with him the European we president former the Twelve, andof

trip, this to three sure or be spend and two was written by The pageant offered Mission, the Europeanof in the time next with days were him we mis- a former Ashton, Wendell J. which pageant invocation.the.. The that preacher community. gave. The

followed portrayed the organization sionary to Great Britain, and a us an invitation to come and preach in his editor associate of the former this in Milto time be church happened any we British Mission history of theand will the part of again, country and It we directed lennial was Star, by in colorful ten years first ten for its will that see write a ahead he have weif Goff. Mrs. Josephine Glen Shaw M. a rostrum, thetableaux. Above large the of with other crowd. men, One narrator; Albert Souththe was W. provided, his upin for to tears screen said eyes, been uslarge remember had

on which were flashed portraits of a wick, musical director; Frank W. him in our prayers.

is the of the superintendent Emmett Mr. organist; Charles Asper, Elder A. leadof prominent Churchnumber there also Baptist School Sunday He general chairman, with Weners, present, naCallis, past were and who in best.of said the he.. mules had team dell Ashton, Eldredge, W. Jay J. Scotland, Ireland,tives of England, that give county, Whitfield he would and

and Wales, together with pictures and Gordon B, Hinckley, members them to anyone who could find him a of of other of preacher the denomination any Committee. Descendants who in places of the they were which

practically the ice to baptize break would the missionaries pioneer European pictures of there weretorn. Then sit to person, and a cornbread and down in the roles played the leading in British scenes Missionary ifnotable it to as enjoy seem gravy and as much

history. pageant. it were a fine meal.

The pageant consisted of ten Girl students of the University of If President Rudger Clawson colorful tableaux, depicting the most Utah, in costume and with flags, were to visit the community today, dramatic and outstanding episodes represented the English, Irish, where the tragedy of 1879 took of the early history of the British Scotch, and Welsh countries where place, he would find a much different

Mission. The final tableaux porthe Gospel was first introduced. attitude among the people.

.

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE

COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE—EDITED BY JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH

GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS in whose favor they are issued. Certificates man. Subcommittees may be appointed tO'

of ordination for Seventies are issued by the look after special features of the work.

For Presidencies of Priesthood First Council of the Seventy. Standing committees should have regular

Quorums fromShouldone ofa quorumits members,withdrawa reportfellowshipof the everytimes formembermeetings,of theand quorumas far asshouldpossiblebe "Cor the benefit of newly appointed action of the quorum should be sent to the assigned to one of the committees.

of the Doctrine, ward. bishop It is ( the See Gospel Personal Committee: Welfare officers in the quorums of the Mel207-208.) the of duty personal welfare to committee pp.

inPriesthood, the followingchizedek of a purpose quorum main Purpose: acquainted with become the character and A

structions are repeated. The Handof the Priesthood is to help every individual attitude of quorum members so far as these

book is out of print and a new edition member of the quorum, and his family, to relate to the advancement of quorum ideals.

is in course of preparation. There attain a condition of thorough well being It is not the prerogative of this committee

should be in the files of each quorum in body, mind, and spirit. Every need of to inquire into private matters which conof the Priesthood a complete set of the a man holding the Priesthood should be the cern only the individual member himself.

belongs. to of the he which quorum should committee in hand: The have detail inbulletins the concern contain which

of purpose quorum, a important Another list of complete or group quorum 1. Ainstructions given been have which personal closely the connected with welfare members.

from time to time for the guidance and of the members, is to help the Church itself 2. The number who keep the Word of

conduct of Priesthood quorums. A in the accomplishment of the divine duties Wisdom.

copy of the Handbook should also be imposed upon the organized body of Lat- 3. The number who are true tithepayers.

in these files. It appears, however, terday Saints. The members of the quo- 4. The number who have paid some tiththat there has been neglect of this imrum should be developed to understand and ing.

in the 5. the Church perform which nontithepayers. work are number The who ofportant matter the part on many of isto 6. engaged. unemployed. number The lettersthe constantly are quorums, and

7. render service: can number The who special the Presidency: For Quorum instructions for received askingbeing the to the Church. quorum and of to presidencies the of duties and authority

which these publications contain. Some the various quorums, see Doctrine and 8. The names of those who are incapaciof these questions are here answered, Covenants, Sec. 107. tated to render service.

repeating what has already been pubThe quorum presidency are the re- 9. The names of those who are unable tolished in the Handbook: sponsible directing officers. All committees attend meetings but who could do so if

are appointed by and responsible to the somebodv furnished transportation.

THE QUORUM quorum through the presidency. The pres10. The committee should know how

idency must find ways and means by which members on foreign missions and their famDefined: A quorum of the Priesthood they are in touch with all the work of the ilies are—their needs.

consists of a specified group of men, holding quorum. They should attempt to make 1 1 Under assignment of the quorum

officethe in the Priesthood, the same organized should percommittee make calls of the presidency personal every member upon for material the adsonal contact. betterment and for with every member, quorum year. least each once quorum, at

vancement of the work of the Church. An indispensable requirement for the succommending the active, giving strength to

Membership: Every person holding the cess of a quorum of Priesthood is a regular the discouraged, awakening renewed dePriesthood should be enrolled and received meeting of the quorum presidency. The sire among the indifferent and slothful, and'

as a member of the appropriate quorum secretary also should attend this, meeting. leading them back to activity in the Church.

having jurisdiction in the ward, or stake, Matters relating to the duties of the presiChurch Activity Committee: It is the

in which his Church membership is redency of the quorum should be freely and duty of the church activity committee:

corded. frankly considered, no one feeling hindered 1. To keep at hand a complete roster of

A certificate of ordination, which is given or inhibited in the expression of his views. quorum members.

to each member, should be carefully pre- A xmity of opinion and especially of action 2. To know what each member is doingi

served by the person ordained and when on quorum matters should be arrived at in a church capacity.

necessary should be presented to the proper before they are presented to the members 3. To report to the quorum presidency

authority as an evidence of his ordination. concerned. the names of those who are attending to

Upon this evidence, and when moving and The presidency of a quorum is responsible no church duty.

being received into another ward, the holder for the conduct of the affairs of the quorum. 4. To study adaptation of each member

of the certificate should be admitted to It is from this body that the inspiration for to any particular church activity.

membership in the quorum in the ward or the progress of the quorum should come. 5. To become personally acquainted

stake where he resides. If he has no A regular order of business and the outwith members, as regards their inclinations

Priesthood certificate, but the recommendalines provided should be carefully followed. and desires.

his certificate at least quarterly, tion on average atof removal from one 6. To note, All the records of Secretary: Quorum

at: to tendance another his Priesthood, of eachward member names several the it labors findings of and com-

a. should that meeting. accepted as evidence be Monthly quorum of the in the he mittees hands should be placed

office, b. that holds there is evimeeting. provided Sacrament no secretary. they should be him quorum By

the contrary. conference. to c. Quarterlydence person a When in arranged, presented accorddigested and

the d. class, holding Doctrine Gospel Priesthood from removes one presthe of wishes with ance the quorum

to another meetings.ward is accepted a Improvement and as memact the as idency. secretary should The

7. it ber of the note the did not atbe- he moves, to which ward number who e.ToMutual acof custodian records keep and quorum

comes the duty of the ward clerk to notify curate minutes of all regular meetings. tend (a) a quorum or group meeting in

the president of the quorum of the arrival three months; (b) a Sacrament meeting in

of Whenthis person.a member holding the Priesthood COMMITTEES three8. Tomonths.be able to report:

becomes a member of a ward, the proper The general plan of the Priesthood pro- a. Number inactive because of age, inquorum officer having jurisdiction should vides for the appointment of the following firmity or sickness.

look after him and see that he becomes enfour committees: 1. Personal Welfare. 2. b. Number inactive because of absence

rolled in the quorum. Class Instruction. 3. Church Service. 4. from ward or stake.

It is the duty of the secretary of a High Miscellaneous and Social. c. Number inactive on account of ocPriests'or Elders'quorum to prepare cerEach committee should consist of several cupation.

tificates of ordination and to have them members. The members of the quorum d. Number willing to labor but unsigned by the proper officers, presented to presidency are exofficio members of all assigned.

the ward clerk to be entered upon the ward committees. One member of the committee e. Number who refuse to render serrecord, and then delivered to the persons may be appointed secretary, another, chairvice.

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1937 i. Number unworthy to serve. (All MONTHLY REPORT OF THE L. D. S. STAKE MISSIONS

who refuse to serve, or who arc unworthy, should be labored with patientMade by The First Council o/ the Seventy to The Council of the Twelve Apostles ly and intelligently by members of the ior the Month of June, 1937

Personal Welfare, or the Church Activity, committee.) Missionary Activities

Instruction Class Committee: The com- 1. Evenings or part days spent in missionary work—4,761Hnittee class instruction should deal on espe-

- 10,575 in missionary Hours spent work cially of preparation with at- 2. lessons and

of calls tracting 9,890 3. Number made while at tendance classes. This committee should

4. first of invitations—3,015 in while tracting Number—- that see each is provided: member

;. 5. revisits of 2,599 Number—1. current Gospel Doctrine lessons. With 6. - of conversations 9,476 gospel Number

2. With a copy of the Bulletin and all 7. Number of standard Church works distributed - - - 282

other necessary current publications. 8. Number of other books distributed - 519

The committee should be prepared to cite 9. Number of tracts and pamphlets distributed—13,249

interesting and helpful instructive references 10. Number of Books of Mormon sold - -—134

pertaining to the lessons under considera11. Number of hall meetings held—- 168

tion. These references should be given one 12. Number of cottage meetings held - - 406

week in advance of the lesson. 13. Number of cottage and hall meetings attended - 1,862

It is the principal duty of this committee 14. Number of investigators present at cottage and hall meetings 1,560 ito visit delinquent members with the view 15. Number of baptisms as a result of missionary work—- 107

of converting them to the need and benefit 16. Number of inactive members of the Church brought into activity through stake

of participation in class and quorum study. missionary service during the month 187

The class instruction committee should keep informed concerning current events, Additional Information presentand these briefly at the monthly Number of stakes in the Church... 118 meetings.-quorum

Nimiber of stake missions organized 112

Miscellaneous Committee: As the name

implies, the duties of the miscellaneous comMissionaries Actively Engaged anittee include varied phases of quorum activity not assigned to other standing comNiunber of stakes reporting..-—- 85

mittees. Number of districts -- - 280

To this committee are assigned: Elders -... 255

... 914 - Seventies social functions. 1. The

- - - 191 Priests. High 2. outings. Summer

3. Temple excursions. Women. - 209

4. All other activities not within the realm

of the other committees. Total 1,569

Meetings: The Monthly Quorum AcSpecial Items of Interest

to presentcording arrangements, a monthly of meetingquorum each the of quorum visits in missionary Eleven connection with the Stake work were made by members

Melchizedek Priesthood should held be of the of the First Council Seventy during of June. month

either during the hour, School Sunday as provided, or at some other hour, on the Twenty interviews with Presidents of Stakes and Stake Mission Presidents were last Sunday of each month. At this meetheld in the offices of the First Council during the month of June.

ing the regular lesson as outlined in the

Bulletin should be considered. Time should The First Council of Seventy,

also be given to the transaction of any By Rulon S. Wells.

quorum activity and business which needs attention. COMMENTS FROM THE STAKE MISSIONS

the purposes of monthly The quorum local missionaries class The C. Camp. are conducting C. C. at a a weekly "Our.meeting, should not which be confused with captain the boys."with applied has fine contacts for baptism, been have and made manythe monthly union meeting other or any President Mission. of Stake the Big Houston James Horn are:gathering,

of attendance of reports "Bishop Blackfoot an increased O. Buchanan 25% 2nd Ward 1 clear the place of make To the quorum

tithe's his in at all labor to started ward. meetings since missionaries stake The thein Church.

fast offerings Blackfoot of the Stake Jr., and Michael Johnson, have theincreased."—President 2. individual improve of standards To Mission.

living. missionary where "The Wards 3. To also meetings, consider current events and study Sacrament other meetings."-—Presidentwork has been doneJamesreportP. increaseSorenson,in ofattendancethe Maladat themes.Gospel Stake Mission.

4. receive reports of services rendered To Seventy, efficient of the of timely endeavors our Quorums very Through of one and

to assignments for theand make in coming relief to to the degree such rendered and a of Quorum's one of the members was widow inonth. joining of the cost the splendid that to such as inquiry a a nonmember manner made

5. To foster true fellowship in the BrothSeventies and affiliating himself with this organization.

erhood of Christ. Under the direction of the 241st Quorum of Seventy, a most splendid meeting was

6. To set free the spirit that it may be held in the 12th Ward of the Mt. Ogden Stake of Zion. The meetinghouse was filled

anore responsive to the promptings of the to capacity and the members of the above Quorum and their friends are to be congratulated

Holy Spirit. on the splendid manner in which this meeting was conducted.

7. To become better acquainted with one The Yellowstone Stake, through its missionaries and Seventies, have purchased a

another, and thereby bury enmity and hard trailer which the missionaries use in the prosecution of their missionary endeavors in and feelings and foster kindliness and apprearound West Yellowstone and vicinity. They are undertaking at the present time the

ciation. establishment of a Sunday School for those who, in the winter time, are practically

8. To sense the security that comes from snowbound in the tie camps of the region about West Yellowstone.

union. The Boise Stake Mission is undertaking the establishment of a Sabbath School in

9. To aid one another to become sucthe Weiser section of the Stake and will bring about this happy result in a very short

cessful in temporal matters. time.

10. To attend to current business perIn a street meeting in New York, Mr. Edward Atley, the Evangelist, asked for

taining to the quorum, and to make the the privilege of speaking and when it was granted him, spoke in support of the Book group an efRcient organization in promotof Mormon, paid splendid tribute to the Church and its leaders, and testified that ing the Kingdom of God on earth.—-S. he believed the Book of Mormon just as much as he beHeved the Bible.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1937

AFTER ONE HUNDRED YEARS IN BRITAIN [Concluded irom page 542)

after bearing fervent testimony, of Sunderland. It was awarded first London on business Sunday night

drew aside an American and British prize in the Centennial Poetry conand was not present at Monday's flag to unveil a bronze plaque comtest conducted by the Millennial events. President Grant and Presmemorating those first baptisms. Star. ident and Sister Joseph J. Cannon

Other speakers at the riverside serThree girls successively presented were presented with the official vices were Presidents Clark, Lyman, him with bouquets of twentyfive pins of the British Missionary AssoCannon, Brown. Elder Pyper, and white roses, thirtyseven red roses, ciation, which makes them honorary

Sister Fox. and eighteen yellow roses, repremembers of the organization.

With such an appropriate beginsenting his age when he became an The activities of the last two days ning, the following three days of apostle. President of the Church, of the conference furnished ample

the celebration at the nearby city of and at the present time. illustration of President Grant's

Rochdale were filled with inspiring President Grant addressed the amazing vitality and the excellent and memorable events. After admissionaries of the British Mission health he is enjoying during his

dressing the M. I. A. meeting SatMonday morning and later at an travels abroad. Sunday morning he

urday morning in Rochdale Branch institute meeting. The climax of motored from his hotel in Mancheschapel, President Grant pitched the his visit and the celebration came ter to Rochdale, a distance of twelve

first ball at the baseball game that Monday afternoon at a mass demmiles, attended three conference afternoon between the Rochdale onstration at Spotland field. M. L sessions, being the principal speaker

Greys, a team composed of mission- A. members marched in front of a at each, and between the afternoon

aries, and the Liverpool Caledonreviewing stand and lined up to and evening meetings, went to Rochians. He also stood at home plate form the letters "M. I. A."on the dale branch chapel, and there, at

with the Greys to help them sing field. From the front line stepped special services, dedicated the

their traditional "war song,"which George Laycock, representing the chapel. After attending two meetgoes, ".,. And our baseball team youth of England, who walked to ings and speaking at each, and atis raring to go..."The Greys the stand and presented a silk tending a banquet and the demonput on their best form to come Union Jack to President Grant in strations on Monday, President

through with a 16-5 victory and behalf of the Church's youth in Grant rode back to London, an thereby go into a tie for first place Britain, The presentation comeight-hour ride through holiday in the North of England League pleted, the entire congregation traffic.

standings. joined in singing We Thank Thee, The final events of the celebration

"The Everlasting Doors,"a O God, For A Prophet. It made were the M. I. A. sports meet Monpageant with a cast of 200, depictan impressive occasion. day afternoon and the Centennial

ing the Gospel story from the beNext stepped William Perry, of ball at the Carleton Ballroom.

ginning of time through the present Wales, who proudly bore a Union Perfect weather prevailed dispensation, was presented in the Jack to the reviewing stand and throughout the celebration. Alspacious Rochdale Town Hall Satmade a similar presentation to Presthough Britain is noted for its abunurday evening. Every one of the ident Lyman. James Gemmell in dant rainfall, not a drop fell during

thousand available seats was filled Scotch kilties then marched to the the entire four days. The papers

a half hour before the pageant was stand to give a flag to Elder Pyper. of the country evinced considerable

scheduled to start. As a result, hunIreland came in for its share, when interest in the visits of Presidents

dreds were turned away. Consetwo Irish lasses, Jean B. Cussans of Grant and Clark and the Centenquently, a "repeat"performance in Belfast and Laura Dimler, of Dubnial celebration. Photographers

condensed form was given the follin, presented the silk Union Jacks and reporters were present at the

Jowing evening. to Sister Fox and President Joseph River Ribble services as well as

Nor could the Town Hall ac- J. Cannon respectively. For Sister those at Rochdale. In addition, the

commodate the crowds that attended Fox, it was the flag she lived under Associated Press, United Press, Inthe three general conference sesin girlhood. ternational News Service, and Unisions on Sunday. Hundreds listenPresident Clark had to return to versal Service had daily reports teled to the evening services over a ephoned to their London offices for

public carried address system which the proceedings to the entrance hall, SANCTUARY relayUndoubtedly,to America.President Grant's

the parking space, and the gardens By Helen Timpson visit and the Centennial conference at the rear of the building. T LIKE to feel the splendor are the biggest events in the Mission

Of the sunrise in the hills; since the Gospel was brought to

Cpeakers at the Sunday services I like to hear the laughter Britain's shores. To see a thousand

rills. the dashing, dancing Of Presidents Grant, Clark, were listening people to land in a foreign

I like to see the glory Lyman, Cannon, Elder Brown; and ol counsel the words advice and a mountain with crowned Of snow

Pyper, Sister Fox, and Elder Arthur As it looks with ageless wisdom from their leaders is indeed an inWinter, chief clerk in the office of On the valley spread below. spiring sight. And thus, as another

the First Presidency, who is a native I like to smell the fragrance century in the mission begins, with of Britain himself, having emigrated Of the pine trees after rain, its opening chapter already emblazover fifty years ago. Just before To hear song birds'glad hosannas oned across the pages, it will ever

the sunshine comes When President spoke at the eveGrant to the challenge again. stand people as a

I like to the calmness know ning meeting, L. Catherine M. to greater of Britain, urging them on the flowersprinkled sod Of

Horner read a poem, To President For I find that close to nature achievement and shining as a gloHeber J. Grant, by Gladys Quaylc I can be alone with God. rious ideal.

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

on the brain which destroys certain tissues

he so never drunk be son can has been WARD TEACHER'S MESSAGE, OCTOBER, 1937 that can't be replaced. When such a perintelligent before as he again drank he was

the first time; takes will drink every he RESPECT FOR PRIESTHOOD AND ITS AUTHORITY

that destroy of his more body, and much 'T'o THE Latterday Saints has been given one of the greatest gifts ever no good can come from such a thing. Most

accorded mankind—the Holy Priesthood—which is the authority given of the other 30% were there because of

to men, young men, and boys to officiate on earth in the name of God. sexual diseases and a very few were there

It has been estimated that if those holding the Priesthood were disbecause of accidents. To keep the averis to patient the time age brought he from tributed the earth, those of the people with divine authority would among

is until the hospital taxcosts the dead he equal only ten of population. one about to each thousand build to payers family counenough a two

Unfortunately many of those who, by ordination, have received the try home with de luxe equipment."

Priesthood have forfeited its authority and are, therefore, without power or ability to exercise its functions. This reduces the number who hold

the Priesthood, and by reason of faithfulness and activity, are with full TOBACCO SAVINGS PROVIDE authority to act under divine approval to an even lower ratio. A TRIP ABROAD

To be given authority to act in the name of our Heavenly Father, in even the humblest of callings in the Church, is a privilege and blessing ADDED to the physical toll tobacco takes toll, devotees, from its money possessions. earthly or prized should than honors which be more highly any

waste. news item A isrecentthe honor, blessed price,"great of a the Priesthood Truly is a "pearl the of and a theemphasizespositive advantages a nonuser

gift which has been bestowed upon an exceedingly small number of the tobacco has over one addicted to its use.

earth's inhabitants. The item reads: "Back in 1908, Prof. W.

A realization of the powers and authority of the Priesthood should T. Runzler of the University of Utah faculty

imbue every person holding it with deep respect for its sacred responsidecided on a trip to Europe. Finance was

bilities. This realization should cause every person holding the Priesthood a problem. Thinking of acquaintances who

so to order his life that this great privilege shall not be forfeited, or that used tobacco, he decided to finance the the glorious blessings which its full enjoyment brings shall not be withvidualtour byassociatessaving eachweredayspendingthe amountfor cigarsindidrawn. and cigarets.

Those who are not privileged to hold the Priesthood, this blessing "Accomplishing this objective Dr. Runzbeing reserved for male members only, but who are helpmeets, companions, ler is now planning his twelfth trip to

and associates of those who do, should manifest the same respect and Europe."When tobacco money reaches

reverence for this great gift from God, which blesses male and female alike sums sufficient to finance trips to Europe through its ministrations and its operations in the Church. it is evident that the reference to "temsalvation"poral in the Word of Wisdom retain effort to our blessed people. a make every We are We should deserves serious consideration. is the of the Priesthood privileges blessings God, which and by respecting

ultimate source, not only of all our gifts and blessings, but of our very existence. CORRELATION PLAN TO BE

GIVEN RENEWED EMPHASIS

Aaronic Correlation Priesthood Plan, THE has which for bringbeen responsible THE WORD OF WISDOM REVIEW ing thousands of boys and young men into is in activity reto the Church, be given Information Regarding the of Pertinent A Monthly Presentation fall emphasis the beginning with newed

Lord's Law of Health season. Conventions of stakes with groups

meeting together will be held as rapidly as possible over the Church. Stake conDRINKING NOT SO SMART NOW A MISSIONARY'S EXPERIENCE ventionsYork, Chicago,have alreadyand Big Hornbeen stakesheld inin Newconnection with other gatherings. The enRECENT editorial in the Salt Lake Mormon Elder, Hyrum Smith, son of thusiasm with which the new phases of the

of the Bishop PreSmith David A. the is of plan received have to been reported view be heartening gives a AA Tribune interesting siding Bishopric, sends oban gratifying. most all to It is situation. commendedliquor

the servation regarding of Wisdom Word is the stress special plan Under new them gives liquor of the use that thinkwho its observation, or of lack observation, and to the being given plan of organization

It life: reads:social affects standing. as it human limits the of stake which membership and

the through morning went "Monday we correlation to committees ward those acto socialites frowning be the seem "Now It in largest Mental Hospital Germany. tively in of supervision engaged and boys

there habit hope be drinking the mayupon it acres patients covers 1,200 8,000 has and of young Aaronic Priesthood men ages and long as intoxication. offor As a decrease etc. doctors, 4,000 workers, and the go for necessity all To of monthly meetings

they girls smart thought it wasboys and is testiplace such a a through wonderful stake and committees. ward number A feeling beof revulsion untilguzzled some I for the of asked of stakes Wisdom. mony already have the Word adopted new

circles, metropolitan In inevitable.came the there doctor greatest the was what plans report satisfactory and progress.

and in most large cities, where fads and cause of insanity and mental sickness. He

fashions originate to be copied by small said, 'That is very easy, my friend, 70% of town imitators, cocktail parties have been the people are there directly or indirectly ORGANIZATIONS SHOULD BE drinking for andthe rage a long time, alcohol.'of think of it, has because Just 70% COMPLETED NOW elite are putthat the sobecome common 'It of these 8,000. doesn't added: He

ting the ban of disgust upon the habit. make any difference how strong or in what'Tt is urged that stake and ward Aaronic

"According to press reports from New form, alcohol is the greatest enemy that man Priesthood officers immediately check all

York, society leaders, social secretaries, and has. It doesn't make any difference whether organizations and fill all vacancies in prepapace-makers have decided that 'men who it is a glass of beer or a glass of whisky ration for the fall and winter work. All

get drunk at comingout parties this year or a glass of wine; one glass of anv of quorum members should be supplied with

will find themselves blacklisted and not inthem could do the job.'He said further lesson manuals and the order of business

vited again'."that such a strain on the body put a strain outlined should be followed in each meeting.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1937

THE LOG OF A EUROPEAN TOUR {Continued from page 533)

watched these Mormons and I supand were helping each one find a pose wondered what was the reason place to stay and get his meals.

for this gathering.

One of the Elders led the group Saturday, July 31st. jAcuninq. fiaifi!

to the various points of interest /ENERAL registration was conour years ago one, hundredwhere today. tinued we arWhen their heldmissionaries lived and rived at the this morning town hall

meetings. The cockpit, the obehsk, in time for the first meeting, it was

lived they were the where homeand filled people with who new conquite pilgrimageall out. pointed The just arrived and from London had Ribble. River the over outtinued

points intermediate from Scotand a few Clark Brother and andFather Ireland There Wales, and the land, to auto takenothers by were also several have come were who for minutes a againspot. Here few of them over from Germany. Many shaking and hand morethere was

all in othnight busses; ridden had

service began.visiting. the Then their bicycles, ridden and ers had

inPresident was Joseph J. Cannon still car. train or others had come by Millennial Chorus thecharge and Cannon's of Brother Joseph One J. music. thefurnished

The congregation joined the boys,arrivedwearingalmost hisas scoutsoon asuniform,his father.had the in singing "Lo, onChorus road out the and on gone had He Stand,"Brink and "AnWater's We officer the of picked an been by up numOther High."from onAngel 168 took Air him Corps Royal who Chorus. thebers by were the this miles. time he on was By of in the bank open, on the There

it late getting he and and moors was reriver, brethren the quietthis was beginning to get a little nervoushearsed the events which led up to the first baptisms at the place we when a large Rolls Royce auto came driver, Dr. along, the stopped, and standing.were

to asked ride Kurrie, invited and him call the the of by spoke They going. Bryant he where him was C. to Smith HeberProphet Joseph told a making he him was Mormon of brethren, other theKimball and

to for conferhis the Rochdale way reaped harvest great whichthe was in the British Isles, of the fiftytwo ence. Dr. Kurrie took him to an

exas hostelry where, old Bryant to Bells emigrated the School hadthousand who When it, of best the pressed one he had other thousands of theAmerica, and life. gentlethe his of dinners Then this Fall.... Ring the build to up remained hadwho to invited stay with him him man Father land. in theirbranches home to stand Will have arranging night you the during and was is plaque whichunveiled bronze a

his chauffeur take him have former your on aside and see the to this event. Forto commemorate ride for another came a chance when classmates on without go in the Northpresent it will hang

in arrived Rochdale Bryant of along. told Sister Chapel. FoxLondon you? the train as those as took soon who trip life her in England,her early

it pence, one on six and had made You can keep pace with her plains, hometheacross and of coming now. She had been to her banana and one bun being the extent them! his purchases. but of she left which when townhome for meeting arrived. Father, The booklet, "Planning Time here she had about 7 years;a girl of Pyper, Clark, Brothers tell Brown, and will Future,"you Your old landmarks the offound many Russell, Brother with Ray Cannon send you a how. May we all these in her held memoryshe had six singing, the lead the and who street yard, the the rope old copy?years—of the of General Board members the in iron lived, lady the shewhere

I. the the Y. A. were'on M. W. land owner of the wealthygarden

whose estate was near by, and the stand. L. D. S. BUSINESS

lake with the swans swimming on Brother Cannon conducted under father. direction of was There COLLEGE still lake. the the on were swansit—the Salt Lake City 70 North Main given to the an opportunity women call people the brethren on The

of these Isles to assume their reto express themselves and Sisters Wasatch 1812 sponsibihty and reminded them that Fox, Cannon, Beesley, Bennett, all spoke. Nicholson, and Clawson task great of teaching the theirs was send me the booklet, "Planning that Please gratitude all expressed They precept examplethe Gospel and by Your Future."

this land their parents from came nation. to this

After the meeting the people and bore fervent testimonies. Name:

found their way back to their lodgThe brethren also spoke briefly. Address:

ings, and to the Rochdale L. D. The Millennial quartet sang very

S. Chapel, where the Elders had beautifully, "I think when I read that

established a bureau of information (Continued on page 589) fI)miitmmt/3ucattoit

CHURCH BOARD OF EDUCATION EDITING COMMITTEE

HEBER I. GRANT CHARLES A. CALLIS VERNON F. LARSEN,

I. REUBEN CLARK. JR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS Chairman.

DAVID O. McKAY ARTHUR WINTER, Secy, and Treas. WILLIAM E. BERRETT CLAWSONRUDGER

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH FRANK W. McGHIE

STEPHENRICHARD R.L. LYMANRICHARDS FRANKLIN CommissionerL. WEST, of Education. EUGENE D. BRYSON

JOHN A. WIDTSOE

JOSEPHADAM S.P.BENNIONMERRILL M. LYNN BENNION,Seminary Supervisor,

THE MISSION OF THE SEMINARY ment. The Church of Jesus Christ of Bishop M. Douglas Wood of the

By William C. Smith Latterday Saints is one of those factors Wasatch Ward, Salt Lake City, was

principal of is High the South its most appointed among and the seminary

Merrill Seminary to succeed D. Clayhas promised agencies.Principal Snowflake L. D. S. Seminary powerful God

HPhe PURPOSE of the seminary is to esthat His Church shall not be thrown son, recently appointed president of "tablish and to increase faith in the down or given to another people, therethe Southern States Mission. Bishop

Gospel of Jesus Christ. This does not fore the importance of the problem of Wood will also teach at the Granite

mean a narrow dogmatic beUef which orientation of the youth of Zion in this Seminary. He has taught at the East

can only see a set pattern of religious period of upheaval and unrest. The and South Seminaries for the past three

restrictions, but a working understandseminary is the only institution within years. He is a graduate of the Univering of God's universal plan. The semthe Church which is systematically desity of Utah. Bishop Wood served as

inary has the responsibility of laying voted to interpreting the facts techdistrict president and mission secretary foundations of knowledge that will help nically. This end is achieved by dein the GermanAustrian Mission from

the youth of Zion properly to evaluate veloping certain attitudes. Here young 19251927.

the experiences of life and this in terms people are given the knowledge that, of Lawrence Lee of Rigby, Idaho, has of faith in God. There is greater need all creations, man is the only form recently been appointed principal of

for this development now than in the created in the order of the Gods, the the Montpelier Seminary.

past.We are living in an age of tremenusefact histhatGodgivenman as suchintellecthas theindependright to StateElderAgriculturalLee has College,attended Ricksthe UtahColdous change and upheaval in every line ently, free from all restraints, but lege, and in 1934 received his A. B.

of human endeavor. Among the factors and which is more important—that he degree from the Brigham Young Uniaffecting this change and upheaval is personally responsible to himself and versity.

may be listed: intellectual freedom, his associates for the conclusion at He served as a missionary in Mexico

which in some cases amounts to which he arrives. from 19221925. From 193437 he has

instability; scientific research, the gateAs a guide to the seminary students served as teacher in the public schools

way to understanding the principles in their thinking, they are introduced to of Nevada and Idaho.

of creation, but which must be apthe great characters of the Bible and Ellis S. McCallister of Denver, Coloproached with intellectual balance; reto some characters described therein rado, has been appointed principal of

ligious skepticism with its attendant who are not so worthy. The results the Idaho Falls Seminary. Originally

challenge to faith in Deity; moral laxity, of the lives of those characters to themfrom Utah, he received his college edunot to say degeneracy; financial disselves and to their contemporaries is cation at Dixie Junior College and the

trust with its suffering; and lastly, determined. The students study the Brigham Young University. He repolitical chaos, both national and inmessages of the prophets of the past ceived his B. S. degree from the Brigternational. and the history of the Church leaders ham Young University in 1933. He

This spirit of unrest is distressing to of today. They read the Bible, the studied in the field of Educational Adthe youth of today. Their intellectual Church works, and other texts written ministration at Columbia University

pride makes them want to be abreast by the best scholarship in the Church; 193435. He has served as teacher in

of the times. Deep down in their then through openminded discussions several Utah schools and in 193334

hearts they desire to uphold the relithey are allowed to think freely. The taught in the Riverside Church school

gious and moral ideals of their homes great virtue of this method is that the in New York City.

is now returningand Church. If they can be brought to wise teacher allows them—helps them Roy A. Welker

from his duties.see as president of that the Gerat conclusions. arrive the proper—to

of Missionpoints has been and fortified meet the they world unman-Austrian Thus thereview—thatis no conflictan openin theseintellitwo

gent attitude will harmonize every apafraid, joyously. employed as Director of the Snow Colparent conflict—their soul growth is lege Junior Institute at Ephraim, Utah.assured. INSTITUTE AND SEMINARY Elder Welker received his A. B.

Our age is comparable to the great LEADERS NAMED degree from the Brigham Young UniGrecian age. It is outstanding in what Anthon S. Cannon, a student for versity in 1913 and his A. M. from the

the Greeks called culture and what we the past two years at the University same institution in 1926. He has been

call scientific development. Greece deof Chicago and a member of the Church employed in the Church School System

cayed. What will our intellectual miseducation system since 1929, has been since 1921.

judgments, moral degeneracy, political appointed director of the new Church Spencer L. Taggart, a student from

turmoil, national and international Institute at Flagstaff, Arizona. Elder the University of California, has been

-greed, and religious breakdown do for Cannon has served in the Mexican appointed director of the Thatcher In- -our presentday civilization? Will Mission for three vears and taught in stitute to function near Gila College

these conditions carry us to the same the seminaries at Grantsville, Vernal, at Thatcher, Arizona. Elder Taggart,

decline that has come to past epochs of and Kaysville. He took his A. B. originally from Lewiston, Utah, redevelopment? degree from the University of Utah, ceived his B. S. degree from the Utah

The answer is emphatically in the his M. A. from Brigham Young UniState Agricultural College in 1936.

negative. However, there must be cerversity, and has completed his resiDuring the last year or so he has

tain factors which will inject stability dence work at the University of Chistudied at the University of California, "'into the fastmoving tide of advancecago for his Ph. D. degree. (Concluded on page 586)

General Superintendency General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

Y. M. M.

O. I.FOXA. I.MORRISA. 50SALTNORTHLAKEMAINCITY,STREETUTAH RUTHY. W. MAYM. GEORGE

JOSEPH K. BURTON j:FARNSWORTHCANNON General Offices Y. W. M. I. A. CLARISSALUCY GRANTA. BEESLEYCANNON

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM,

Executive Secretary SALT33 BISHOP'SLAKE CITY,BUILDINGUTAH ELSIE HOGAN VANSecretaryNOY,

Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices

"PROM far and near, from missions, branches, and stakes, come glowing reports of achievement in Church activities. In reading of these meetings,

socials, and activities in the various sections of the world, we come to appreciate the truth in our Church which can make of all men brothers, united in a common cause.

From Sacramento Stake:

During the months commencing March, 1937, and continuing through May, the

Boy Scouts Troop 30 and the "Truin-kin"

BeeHive swarm of the Roseville Ward,

Sacramento Stake, held a contest for attendance at Sacrament meeting. There were

nineteen boys and nine girls enrolled in this contest. Five boys and one girl live

in Roseville; four boys and three girls live

in Lincoln, California, thirteen miles north of Roseville; five boys and one girl live five 1. ROSEVILLE WARD, SACRAmiles east of Roseville; and five boys and MENTO STAKE, BOY SCOUT

four girls live from five to six miles south TROOP 30 AND TRUIN-KIN of Roseville. SOREDBEEHIVECONTESTSWARMFORWHOATTEND-SPONFor thirteen Sundays the BeeHive Girls ANCE AT SACRAMENT MEETwon with a percentage of 40 1/9 percent. ING.

M.The boys were close behind with 39 5/19 2. SWEDISHENCE: A SWEDISHI. A. CONFERFARMpercent. HOUSE.

the the close of the contest At M. I. losing 3. SWEDISH

girls a gave the winning swimmingboys ENCE: PUTTING THEA. CONFERSHOT.

party and "wienie"roast at the local pool 4. NEW ZEALAND MISSIONARY

and park, respectively. Twenty boys and BASKETBALL QUINTETTE AND

PRESIDENT WOODS. attendance.. contestten girls This were in

I. M. 5. SWEDISH Bishop encouraged RosLorenzo bywas ENCE: CLOSING A. FIESTA.CONFERkelley. Birch, Scoutmaster and Philip J. DANCE. SWEDISH FOLK

BeeKeeper Virginia Birch.

From the New Zealand Mission:

For many years the large majority of the missionary labors in New Zealand have been with the Maori people, but the time several audiences, and by special request Stockholm, it seemed that the project was has now come when the president feels before the governorgeneral of New Zeato be grounded from the beginning. At

the European people warrant the majority land. We are now to represent the city of the last moment, one of the schools agreed

of the Elders'time to give them an opporAuckland against other cities in an interto give us two hours a week, and a club tunity to hear the Gospel. city competition. We have been asked to was organized. Membership in the club

Our Mutuals have been one of the most play one of the other large city's represenincluded only those who had completed potent means of contacting the people. tative team in the Auckland Town Hall, the mission standard of eighty hours'tractThrough the M. L A. curriculum of drama, which has a seating capacity of approxiing each month.

music, and public speaking, we have found mately three thousand. So much interest Each player supplied himself with shoes,

the way to the hearts of many and have has been created that The Weekly News socks, suits, sweat shirts. Sweden's colors,

brought several into the Church. carried a special feature article on the blue and yellow, were chosen, and Mormon

Fortunately, news features in the theatres Auckland team. was written in large letters across the front

on American basketball have created a great Although the fruits of baptism are yet of the jerseys.

enterprise, replaced from this have tentatively we missionary were teams Two of to smalldeal enthusiasm this people among ideas existed long the warped that have held. practices regular in chosen and The the in action.see of this game Knowing

interest, we immediately contacted the leadthe minds of the people about the Mormons, first exhibition game was well advertised ers of the Y. M. C. A. regarding the inwith friendships and interest in the Gospel. and there was a good crowd. The Amernovation of a basketball league here, and ican Consulate came seven strong. Offiour plan has been successfully carried out From the Swedish Mission: cials from other organizations were also

in Auckland and is known as the American Stockholm, Sweden, "The Granite City present as well as newspaper men.

Basketball League. Other large cities of of the North,"is no small city, but it has An article appeared in a leading Swedish

the Dominion have followed by starting no basketball. Efforts to do missionary athletic paper about an international basketsuch leagues. Many cities are now asking work through this avenue of approach have ball tournament to be held at Riga, Latvia.

the assistance of the Elders in coaching their lately brought results. After unsuccessful Sweden had no basketball teams, so the

teams. attempts to rent or borrow a hall from the L. D. S. club offered to go as her repreSince that time we have played before leading public and private gymnasiums in sentative. The team was sent to Gothen580

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1937

burg to play a match against a team chosen from star handball players. This match was

to determine who should represent Sweden in the international tournament. The Mormons won but were denied by tournament

officials in Riga because of American citizenship. But that just begins the story.

While in Gothenburg the squad members were treated as royal guests. Two

match games were played before appreciative crowds, and three exhibition matches were given for student bodies of leading high schools. On the day of each match,

favorable articles with pictures came out in six newspapers of the city, proclaiming to the public: "Mormon Victory,""Mormon Sportsmanship."A leading newspaper

with its office in the heart of the city hung the squad's picture in its window along with pictures of England's championship football team.

The largest athletic paper in Scandinavia published an article with the headline, "The Mormons are Welcome to

Sundsvall."The thrill the team experienced

from this can be more easily imagined than described, for Sundsvall was formerly the center of Mormon persecution. The challenge to play two games was accepted.

Stockholm, however, was first given an athletic treat in the form of two wellfought games with the championship team from the crew of the United States cruiser,

Vincennes. This team had been stationed

on America's east coast and had just completed a successful season. Out of twentyseven, they had lost but one game. Both

games ended in favor of the Mormons.

Every newspaper in Sundsvall wrote extensive accounts about the Mormons during the three days they were there. A

reporter and cartoonist came to the hotel for interviews and caricatures. The project has proved to be one of the best

winners of good will the Swedish Mission has had. Newspapers that before wouldn't

sell advertising space now freely and willingly devoted entire columns to the Mormons. People that the missionaries could

come in contact with in no other way met and became friends. Press articles and

photos have kept the names, Mormons and

Laftec'day Saints, before the public.

The Mormons haven't been wholly without publicity before. On June 7, 1937, this

article came out in a prominent Stockholm paper, under the headline, "The Mormons on Crusade!":

"Some hundred missionaries have recently left Salt Lake City for Europe. It is claimed that the Mormons consider that the time

has now come for their conquering of the world, which shall begin in England, where they hope to win numerous proselytes in certain aristocratic circles which are thought to be especially gullible for all sorts of mysticism.... They aim to preach that

(Continued on page 582)

1. Missionary squad wlio introduced baslcetball Into

Sweden. 2. Snowflake Stake Queen and Attendants at Gold

and Green Ball.

3. Joinville Branch, Bra2ilian Mission, Queen and

Attendants of Gold and Green Ball.

4. Swarm Day, San Bernardino Stake, Mothers and

BeeHive Girls at Sherman Institute, Riverside,

California.

5. Missionaries laboring in the Danish Mission during M. I. A. Conference of 1937.

6. Onefifth of the congregation of the Danish Mission

attending the M. I. A. Conference in 1937.

7. President of Mission Thomas L. Woodbury, his

wife, and elders at Takaroa Conference held April 4, 5, and 6, 1937.

S. Original pageant, "From the Manger to the

Cross,"presented by Naples Ward M. 1. A,

Sunday School Missionary Class of Uintah Stake.

9. First Swarm of BeeHive Girls organized in

Denmark, with President and Mrs. Peterson.

Blackfoot 10. Ward presentation

of opera, "Martha."Stake—Groveland

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1937

[Continue from page 581) their Saint, John Smith, has done humanity an inestimable service by discovering among a North American tribe of Indians the iive golden plates which Moses took with him from Mount Sinai, and which by some unknown manner have been taken care of by this tribe of Indians. Shall we admit

them to Sweden?"

Compare that article with the following headlines and excerpts won through the basketball program: "The Mormons are

Welcome to Sundsvall.""The Mormons

Became Pubhc Favorites."... "Popular

Victory for the Mormons."... "Splendid

Exhibition of the Latterday Saints."...

"The Americans were extraordinarily sympathetic and flashy athletes, and they have done good propaganda for both basketball and their country."... "If anyone is surprised as to just why the Mormons are here to introduce the sport, it

is entirely because they are known as especially good basketball players because of their good physiques. A Mormon

doesn't drink strong drinks nor smoke, but lives a completely sound life."

From the Danish Mission:

This year's M. I. A. convention in the

city of Odense, Denmark, was one of the most successful held here. Many hundreds

of strangers gave our Elders an unusual opportunity to preach the Gospel to those who had never heard it before. There

were fiftyfive missionaries at the opening session. On May 16, at noon, three hundred persons marched to a hotel where

lunch was enjoyed. That night the hall

was well packed, when the contest between our four big choirs were held.

On May 17, at eight a. m., one act plays

were given. At one p. m. the entire group

boarded a nine coach train to be taken to the famous Danish "Skov."Upon the

arrival of this train, occupied by Latterday Saints, friends, and investigators, an openair meeting convened. It proved to

be one of the highspots of the convention.

At fivethirty p. m., a banquet was served.

Following the banquet came the dance period.

All the organizations of the mission are working hard and accomplishing much.

The missionaries are doing a wonderful work by bringing scores of fine souls into the Church. All of our meetings are well

attended, and the country of Denmark offers its citizens more real freedom and has within its boundaries less depression than any other country in Europe today.

MANAVU MERITS Tt is a fair conclusion that when a ward

M. I. A. is outstanding it pays particular attention to activities. This was

evidenced in the Manavu Ward of

Utah Stake during the season which just closed.

To achieve a successful Era record has always been an ambition of wards in Utah Stake, but Manavu Ward exceeded its quota with 105 subscriptions

1. Queen and Attendants of Manavu Ward, Utah

Stake, Gold and Green Ball.

2. Cast for "So This Is London,"produced by

Manavu Ward M. I. A., Utah Stake.

3. M. I. A. Banquet for Manavu M Men, Utah

Stake Basketball Team, Churchwide Champions of 1937 Tournament.

4. Bee Hive Swarm Day, Los Anfleies.

5. Cast for "Wild Hobby Horses,"presented by

the Rochester Branch, Eastern States Mission.

6. Scouts of Troop 15, McKinley Ward, Wells

Stake, attended Wigwam for a three day camp.

Largest single group of Scouts to attend the

Tracy Wigwam.

7. South Sevier Junior Stake Festival, 165 present.

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1937

and was the first ward in the stake to of Latterday Saints, a similar gathering Through the worthy efforts and able direcdo so. It followed this activity by bewas taking place in the South Sea among tion of Mrs. Cleo Salisbury, many friends

faithful made. the Lehi. Saints of been have seed These ining the first the stake to pay up ward

this States Mission has Central had small trading two, schooners boarded for a Theits entire fund. I. A. The prescribed M. 1936. of quartet organized three, to male four since June mile or journey hundred

assembly programs were a constant Takaroa, the branch where the conference During this time nine Elders have taken source of interest and those devoted was held. This meant days of seasickness part in this group. During the first ten

to the dance led to the establishment of and exposure, but the paramount thought months of this good will tour, the Mormon a onehour social dancing class conin the Saints'minds was to meet with the quartet gave 66 radio programs, appeared ducted by Mrs. Carma Sandberg, every mission president and the Saints. before 81 service clubs, 45 schools, 31 nonTuesday from November 1 until after There are no hotels, so the people of Mormon churches, and gave 146 miscelhospital prison before and programs given each branch had laneous which a house werethe Ball GreenGold for which the ward

folks lodges, a old homes, groups, making President for cleaned them. been and held preparations. extensivemade of Exclusive engagements. total of 427 Sister arrived twenty- a and on Woodbury

The ward received Churchwide five ton copra boat, having traveled some radio broadcasts 55,472 people were met recognition through its basketball team, 350 miles from headquarters. through these appearances.

a representative group of cleanliving President Woodbury had labored at Ministers of other churches have invited young men, who won the Church M Takaroa more than forty years ago, but he the quartet to present its program to their

Men championship with as sound a was still remembered with respect and adcongregations, thus giving the Elders the brand of basketball as has been dismiration by all who had known him. He opportunity to explain Mormonism to many

still fluently hundreds of people. the could speak language inplayed tournaments. the Church

after long. having been so away presented only a even no stars,The team three held Conference days; more was

group of young men who played tothan three hundred Saints and investigators gether as friends and were interested attended the various meetings. The Takaroa

in each other. Saints did a wonderful work in their efforts

Supplementing a series of oneact to entertain the visitors. THEplays which had been given in assembly From the Southern States Mission: BEST

programs throughout the season, the We have just had some very fine Piodramatic group in the ward produced neer celebrations. We are particularly HEALTH

So This is London, under the direction happy about one held in the capital city of of Claude Snow, as the climax to a sucMississippi. It was a full day, includingcessful season, picnic, pageant, watermelon slicing, and a INSURANCE

It thrilled that the us parade. parade was I. in has the A. M. Manavu Ward health insurance best The It the the most. proceeded main down for ofbeen opportunity productive deis street, In off occasion, healthy for the body. roped which was a sound,

all benefited thosevelopment has and led fiftypiece city and a and band was by your program improvement attended.who flag. a of troop the carrying horsemen infor the season coming

: Several eight handcarts, one wagons, and Argentine Mission theFrom health clude improvement representtwenty-five people, hundred and the the of of Because rapid growth Argentine Mission, need is felt for more soing Pioneers, were featured. The stores of by means of systematic exerciability among the members. Representhe city were closed for an hour, and five cises, games, and swimming

six or people thousand witnessed districts tatives city twelve of the from of the Deseret the as offered by finest it to declared parade. be the They Aires in attendBuenos and suburbs were health the cenGymnasium, of its thing the kind had, ever and city had hall. at in the Liniers heldance a banquet

The hall was decorated with the traditional there are only about two hundred Latterter of Utah.

gold and green. Three long tables extended day Saints in the city. Florida also had Boys and girls, men and

celebration, big did a other twoday as hall. the of the full length banquet was The will find enjoywomen—allcharacterized will of a spirit and districts. good by to here able health activities trying are the to carry out wholefriendliness. talent Argentine Native was We

displayed and won praise. Organized on M. I. A. program as closely as we can, suit their tastes.

a nonprofit basis, the banquet was sucand the people are taking to it very well.

like idea the the of doing same allcessful to attend. permitted and The They write or as is For information in the out done west. Church principally consisted of Atlanticmenu

call inherring. Mission: States the Central From

fifteen percent the guests of At least were President Elias S. the of CenWoodruffinvestigators friends. and tral States quartet, has Mission organized a

is will the which tour a making over good DESERET Stake: UintahFrom

is mission. personnel the of quartet The of outstanding the of productions One GYMNASIUM is to changed from time time as a member this the the stake prestage year on was Salt Lake City, Utah released return his to to home. As new thesented and A. Naples by M. I. Ward

in, for training they receive members come class. origmissionary SchoolSunday The

three again. before two or going out weeksinal the the to pageant, "From Manger

Cross,"was written by Stella Richards.

Using appropriate hymns and beautiful costumes, the life of Christ was portrayed in a very effective manner. Elder Israel

Heaton directed the music, and Malinda pianist. parForty peopleGoodrich was..

inticipated three productions throughout stake. the A LITTLE LIGHTthe proceeds went toward The

Naples Ward missionary class and the new A little light on your insurance will undoubtchapel. edly reveal the fact that you are greatly underAmong the scenes depicted in the pageant insured. Think what it would mean if fire

the following: Well,were At Jacob's Wise destroyed your property.

of of the East, Shepherds Judea, TheMen

Manger, Peace Be Still, Raising the Widow's Son, Triumphal Entry, At the Cross, UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. Risen.He Is

See our agent in your townFrom Tahiti: While Saints were gathering in Salt Lake HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

City for the one hundred seventh annual conference of the Church of Jesus Christ

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1937

THE CIGARET "LIFT// ofandtimethe anumberperson hasof cigaretsbeen a smoker,smoked (Concluded }rom page 551) daily, make no difference in degree of effects observed. There is a feelresult is gangrene, or death of the favorable influence is exerted by complete ing, born of the observation that the

of the tobacco. use of There to tolerance a develop seems is body affected,part

the inin spectacular decrease a so that amputation is usuallycessation it is to subjected, for drugs which required.often pain. includes tensity of the socalled This

In 1909, a European investigator, rest pain as well as the local burning pain that a habitual smoker has much

Dr. E. Michels, reported smoking as present in ulcerated or gangrenous areas. greater resistance to the effects of

is ulcers of favored the estabHealing and ininicotin recently than does one in factor aggraimportanta very in of a line of demarcation ganhabit. tiated into the a situaSuch fact, this In so lishment disease.vating clinical these encouraged. grene is From

prominent did he consider its role, facts, it is essential to learn the importance tion seems undoubtedly to exist with that he named the disease nikotinof 'no smoking'in the treatment of this regard to opium and its derivatives;

arteritis, and urged the necessity of disease."but the above studies appear to reprohibiting smoking, in successful fute any like notion about nicotin.

treatment of these cases. pROM the New York Postgraduate Drs. Wright and Moffat further

of Hospital School Medical and "tolerthat the increased suggest the in the Published Journal of in University, 1934, came Columbia habitual the or "immunity"ance"for Association MedicalAmerican Irving S. Drs. written a paper by is acquire, to thought smoker was is paper a 3, 436, 1934, pageMarch is Moffat. This and Dean Wright t actually stop education only when of S. NewDr. Samuels Saulby in the the published Journal of is the so saturation point reached, Dr. in quotesYork, he which Association, Medical American is, cigar, cigaret, to speak. the That outlines heMichel's what and work relates 318, 103, and page Volume is until or pipe, individual an smoked mostconsiders as the and modern things magical to of almost those one sufficient nicotin to has almost begin treatment of thrombosuccessful a scientists habitually as do which the causing then symptoms, smoke stateobliterans. lucidangitis His special course. of matter With is either for laid aside discarded or Parenthetical quoting. bearsment the studied apparatus, these men until time, a the has load grown the areexplanations of terms capillaries, in or rate flow blood of less. somewhatwriter's: nail in fold the vessels, very minute of us a have smoker watched Most

"The clinical effects of smoking are of the finger. light his cigaret, smoke about onedemonstrable in all stages of thromboMany interesting points appear in third to onehalf of it, then throw it

angitis obliterans. In cases without ulcertheir study. They chose only habitaway, only to light another in a

or persistent smokingation gangrene, proual smokers for their subjects. They short time and repeat the process. intensification progressiveduces of symptoms. Walking becomes increasingly painfound that surface body temperature According to Dr. Wright and Dr.

ful and difficult. The toes and feet become at the finger ends drops an average Moffat, this is a result of the praccolder, even in warm weather. Crops of of 5.3 degrees Fahrenheit from ticed smoker learning unconsciously

phlebitis nearspots of [minutemigrating cigaret. In of some, the a smoking just stop, to should he keep where therel appear heregangrene showing and as of temperature reached lowering actually being from uncommade or Ulceration greater ganfrequency.with

grene usually ends the picture in these much as 15 degrees Fahrenheit! fortable. It seems he also learns

cases in which smoking is persistent, and They further demonstrated that a how soon he can again resume; then

is created the ideathus timeworn, mistaken capillary definite of the slowing cigaret, lights picks up he a new hopeless. the diseasethat is progressive and in tiny these occurs flow cigar, partially or rethe smoked or blood the ulcerative [breaking "In down]

gangrenous [tissue death] phases of the vessels, from nicotin. To quote lights the partly burned pipeload.

malady, smoking produces its most dethem: Naturally, the saturation point varies

structive effects. Pain, in these stages, is widely with different individuals.

experienced that of the fact "In theintensified to view such even an extent that of the There is no longer a vestige of some smokers showed heavy and local anaesthetic beointmentsmost potent come ineffectual. A healthy, granulating most profound temperature and symptomexcuse for any mature Latterday

[healing] ulcer may change its appearance atic reactions under controlled conditions, Saint to remain in ignorance of the that, at least to forced are conclude if is we resumed.overnight smoking is fact that A deof the Wisdom Word

individuals, in habitual smoking does [limited the separating manymarcating and from vital living truly even a more and in result the of development not an imtissues]living area spread of gangrene may life of part of than our Gospel today the toxins to of tobacco smoke."munity the rapidity alarmingwith with resumption

of smoking. On the other hand, a very it has ever been. Why? Because

These doctors found further that now scarcely a single month in any the socalled "denicotinized"cigaryear passes without appearance in ets active as literature scientific of were just as the others world some BE INDEPENDENT in disturbances producing profound of its teachin support observation

No Other Vocation So Profitable! in blood circulation. This is not ings. In these days, it is not unENROLL NOW at the surprising, since it has been comcommon to hear one, not of our Course For a Complete

monly known that "denicotinized"is Church, praising the Word of Wisslogan. advertising only time a hears Such at the an one same dom; of CultureQuish School Beauty

is further for supported knowledge apologizing by selfstyled Mormon in the West The Best it! that fact also conclusively the Scientists, of they unthem many

304-9 Bldg. Ezra Thompson SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH demonstrated nicotin—and nicotin aware of its existence, are steadily

responsible for these efverifying its teaching, and no true For Further Information alone—is

and Catalog Call fects in the human body. Other Mormon can but be proud to come

Wasatch 7560 or factors in the smoking were by them of a people whom the Creator

Fill in This effectually eliminated from any posthought worthy to receive these

Coupou sible part in their results. temporal truths long before much

Another striking statement the of science had been applied to matauthors made avers that the length ters they specifically deal with.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1937

NORTH OF THE BORDER {Concluded from page 548) Sunday nor does one often see a auxiliary organizations. Local It's a joy

commercial truck on the highway brethren and sisters preside and conon this day. duct the organizations very much as

in religion are conducted in the wards they in Eastern The dominant to get up in a Catholic. stakes of the Church. In only theCanada Many of is Roman

four provinces of all Canada are the Saints, however, are so far from they outnumbered by any other dethese branches that they have no nomination. It is in the province of opportunity of meeting with theQuebec, however, that they are in Saints or of enjoying the benefits home heated

the greatest majority. Here they of the organizations of the Church.

control the religious situation. It is In some places there are only two with

estimated that 86% of the 2,874,000 or three families of Saints. These

inhabitants are of this faith and meet together for Sunday School 79% of these are of French descent. or cottage meetings and look forReliable sources estimate that 42% ward anxiously for the visits of the NATURAL GAS

of the entire population of Canada missionaries. In the main, these

is Roman Catholic. scattered Saints are faithful and deThe religion of the great majority voted to the Gospel and earnest in The extra halfhour's

is of a passive nature. The priest their efforts to live by its principlesor minister cares for their salvation and to teach its doctrines. sleep—with no furtheir homes is to not be disand do want to many To visit i v e s see emnace to start—g uplifting the religious their wholesome, phasized in presentturbed

trend. influence of the Gospel on the life you more pep and enof the individual who earnestly tries

Tn this land of beauty, of freedom, to live by its teachings and to see ergy for the day's and among this people of culture demonstrated the power of the Goswork. The bathroom

and refinement and religious devopel to create high ideals, raise the tion the missionary work of the standard of living, create a buoyant is warm for your shave

Latterof Christ ofChurch Jesus outlook happiness hopeful and on and shower; the bedis progressing. Saintsday The Goslife, living. to purpose and give

pel message with appeal to indiTo be a real missionary in this room is warm for dressvidual activity and responsibility is great land of such varied conditions attracting many investigators. Our requires versatility, initiative, a defiing; the kitchen and

invitationsmissionaries have many clubs ofto speak before both men niteand wisdomknowledgein makingof whatthe approach.to teach, dining room are warmand women and many homes are The loyalty and earnestness of the for breakfast—all withfor cottage meetingsopen to them in missionaries the field and now out thought or effort on fireside discussions. In almostand living of imare their high type

every community there are those pressing many with the benefits of your part.

who have been to the West and the Gospel they preach and leading have returned with favorable imthem to investigate, to determine GAS HEAT means a pressions of Utah and her people. what it is that builds lives like those Thousands listen weekly to the of the Mormon missionaries. WARM HOME mornthebroadcast Taberfrom Salt Lake and prayerfully As we earnestly ing, noon and night] fine of qualitynacle. The our missionary about these go work in

programs impresses the people and this great land we feel to utter the opens the way for many discussions same prayer that the Prophet Joseph of Utah, her people, and their reSmith gave voice to on his visit here ligion. We feel that all these things one hundred three years ago: "May

and many others are making the God carry on His work in this place Install it NOW] truth more accessible to the indiuntil all shall know him."

vidual, and are bringing about a betConvenient Terms ter understanding and crowding out the errors and prejudices of past ANNOUNCEMENT OF years. The missionaries feel keenly M. /. A. SERIAL STORY

the benefit of all these agencies andare finding joy and happiness in Copies of a story written and MOUNTAIN FUEL earnestly trying to teach the truths arranged [or telling by Harriwill Merrill mailed be son R.of the Gospel. SUPPLY COMPANY all stakes. to another If Saints in the nine organized shortly The

branches are teaching well the benestory is preferred, it is permisfits of the Gospel through faithfully sible for wards to substitute, 36 South State Wasatch 1300 living its principles, and the spirit provided it is a suitable story Serving 21 Utah Communities of service and unity is quite marked. for use in Mutual ImproveThese branches are well organized ment Associations.

and enjoy the benefits of all the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1937

Scriptural CrossWord PuzzleDress and Ornaments

The Advertisers, "Can a maid forget her ornaments, or a bride her attire? yet my people have jorgotten me days without number!'—Jer. 2: 32. and Where You Will Find

Their Messages

Beneficial Life Ins. Co Back Cover

Brigham Young University.... 529

Crane Company 589 Deseret Book Co. 591

Deseret Gymnasium 583 Deseret Mortuary 586 Deseret News Press 590 Grant, Heber J. & Co 583

Ironrite Ironer Co 529 KSL Radio Station Inside Back Cover L. D. S. Business College... 578

McCune School of Music 531 Mountain Fuel Supply Co 585 New Hotel Lankershim.....589

Quish School of Beauty Culture..584 I

Shell Oil Company Inside Front Cover Utah Engraving Co 587

Department of Education [Concluded from page 579) where he received his Master's degree this spring.

He has always been an active leader in Church activities, particularly with youth. He spent three years in Czechoslovakia as a missionary for the

Church.

W. A. W. Co. WO. fg

Solution to August Puzzle ACROSS

I 1 Samuel's little mother T a "made him A M V S in 32 River E L England R ''?5

, it. brought to and.. him"1, "The 34 nose and jewels"N. L E n X V R Tv

. 5 "she. herself.. decked. with her and "an of ornament grace 35 thy unto head,

1 u L -R B C E N her jewels".. 2: Hos.. 13 and thy about neck"m.".". 13 it thou shalt.. "And put blue a on E E H shalt M "thou B the V 36 of line make linen"... 28: Ex. 37 28: Ex. 39 S S A H A V L M R S 14 of orchids Genus in Place a line 37 A S A L A E M A E P B 5? 1 porter 15 Chron. 26: A 7 Existed 39 c'm

1 17 Rubidium A N L E Indian 41 mulberry T B A R 18 Plant Prepare for 42 publication S -R E E T D 19 St. "of Knight T (Russia) Anne Master 44 IHT 'a E E H A s-p ". 20 said the "Then to.. off him, Lord all Put to the glory 47 of x God"

1... I thy thy from -R feet"H F C O f O T color 48 D Brown

23 Degree bird Mutton 49 T? -R E L V E E 1 K a 24 "put ring his hand"... Vestment for 50 Ex. made Aaron 39: 2 N L U B Q N 2 Livid 5 (var.); reversed, a vestment 52 offered Samson HB of this garments kind

.". 1. "clothe S U 26 a A with man E C E A T T for solving N T his riddle

. 28.. 1: speaks 13 sackcloth of 1 Garments Elijah such as 53 wore E H M A T N P E 1 Birthplace 29 Peter of the Hermit

X) C O N E R T -R HHi 1 NO.H-H- DOWN

1 Paul asked Timothy to bring him the 27 Genus of geese... that he left at Troas 28 Unite

2 Grain 29 Ornaments universal in the East; called

'PESERET MORTUART 3 HeJosh.stole 7:"a20,goodly21 Babylonish garment"30 1002"bracelets"in Num. 31: 50

Service Above All 46 NumberFrom Paul'sof virginsbody "werein a parablebrought unto 3132 TwistCity oftogetherAsher Judg. 1: 31

the sick handkerchiefs or..."33 Rebekah "took a..., and covered

7 The prodigal son received a... herself"Gen. 24: 65

8 Fooiball player 35 Calcium 9 Independent Order of Foresters 38 "..., and the vails"Isa, 3: 23

10 Direction 40 Son of Gad Gen. 46: 16

11 John the Baptist wore one 43 Large heavy knife (India) 12 "Gird thyself, and bind on thy..,"45 Purpose

Acts 12: 8 Ad "... to teach"2 Tim. 3:. 24

16 "the body... more than raiment"47 Deer

21 Animals 49 Part of the Bible 22 "and it was..."Gen. 1:9 50 Printer's measure

25 Headdress of a priest Ezek. 44: 18 51 House of Lords

IIImmmH—!! nil iiiti H—i—IIH*—II II i—||s* 26 Sorrow

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1937

Career Girl emotionSonia'sasdarkshe eyesanswered:were alight with The Outlaw of

552) page {Concluded from things "I you could Mountain Navajo jourin pictures the musicfrom your great your woodlove forest—thethese 545) (Continued fcom pagenals. see."them, I read you your here—and the studied man's Kanab. Sonia Panguitch of or region the sister than more sunbirds—thesweetlove; Gracie—evenlodge face, accentuthere good;browned, handsome sounded anyway That Cremona."my

ated by the white of his open, flaring "And your career, Sonia?"should be something worth while at

collar; his humorous lips; an artist's "Oh, I shall have my career, too that distance, so Posey started for

River. thatunruly, hair a darkthick caught the Colorado Ferry Lee's on for continue on see—to—you clear, tint sun; of thereddish choice supply under a He collected years."the years—andwillcasual, that to eyes gray seemed crossed Navajo the blankets as he eyes, into her peering Kent, deep

a suffilooked of sure a little evendream making as he that he underreservation, at was satisfied—sure recogniof thing he best to get the a flash her. There was cient medium contentment. the secret of her stood

tion in her eyes as Sonia spoke. Within the week Sonia had sent a could find.

he rode after day, Toiling on day "And concert distraught to her telegram you—you're—-"

off into across ferry glanced the HouseRock companion from Her city she in distant a where manager "'Wildthe pines Mountains, Valley, the over Kaibab and interrupted, It read: appeared. to have was

it, androse,—'Indian Dawning'—you've "Cancel all concerts. Have perover the big stretch beyond

played them, Sonia. I composed manent engagement here. Please entered Utah again near Kanab.

sized everythingthem."unhe saw up

in in pasharnesses, or saddles, Cremona.—Sonia."Heder "Kent Dowell!—of course. I know send

now. Your songs are lovely. I've tures, eagerly anticipating the imthat horse ofoften posing I could which was to meet you."form wished this, sonny "No—like boy—your in questioningly lead of carry smiled the coming the him Kent Dowell strings, little fingers the on so—and stir. her.at play."big this way. hold your bow Now

of that it. His judgment you "And now He found have—?"bekneeling patiently Sonia was

It to better cause turn horseflesh deserved Sonia's a look away. was sturdy son roguisheyed, side the

represented. of the chorus than one he warbled woodThe What interest in his eager reveling hers, of

invincible to combinabirds about the unobstrusively clamored be took he violin that in Kent had the little filly, his just early the tion of sun dreamsthem was a black and was glancing down the bluegreen aisles brought him. not yet broken to ride. The number

through the pine trees. Musky, Wideeyed, the boy drew the bow of fine blankets he gave for her

wildearth smells were wafted their across the strings and laughed as indicated how much more than the violin responded. the The mild violets to her be sun ordinary horse he took and columwoodway—of the lodge through shining window ofbines overscent the pungent and page (Continued 588) on

the pines. touched the dark waves of his hair Kent continued as his hand arched with a red glow—the same as Kent

standing, with Dowell's, was who forest.the

smiling sister, Gracie, on PRAYER down now that you have met me his "And the boy and Sonia, at the first lesson. By Lalia Mitchell Thornton-—know what I like—do you think

as the it boy to her too, Sonia hugged learn to likethat you could

Lord, I have no mighty deeds to DEAR in her shining up, tears looked fate she Paganini?Madamoiselle Did tell,

place us both on that train, and put eyes, and declared: I have not worn a crown, except of love;

us off together at my special stop- "So, you see, my career conBut I have made a home, and guarded well ping place there, for a purpose?"tinues!"Its gates, from all that might a menace

prove.

the things, I've content without old loved IS AS IT TODAY ZION I have not boasted beauty, wit, or charm, new. (Concluded page from harm, of has suffered mine not a child 559) But

ket; excells in meat packing and spoken it, it shall come to pass, for And my one lover found me ever true.

grain elevator capacity. at no time did the Lord change His

The annual mean temperature of mind about the destiny of this land. Dear Lord, I have small offering to make,

Jackson County is 55 degrees and In fact, it is His stated purpose to I am not rich in aught save happiness,

It bake, to and and sweep was sew my lot originally the designs out is carrythe annual He mean precipitation to bless. duties simple have But a power

in37.31 inches. mind. had books, and missed so much—travel,

after been I've the Saints had through the one traveling Even art No county and observing its many adejected from the county a hundred Yet been content as mother and as wife, vantages, can help feeling that it is years ago, the Lord spoke to them, And I can thank Thee now, with all my indeed a land of promise. explaining the reason for their ejec- I'veheart;had the things that really count in

It is still the land of Zion, and tion, and saying: life.

-will place center the very yet become concerncomforted hearts "Let your be ll M—II—ll is all flesh in fulfillment of the be -n lit——llM for in mine hands; Zion; proingof Zion

shall still Zion that God. and I am know the the Lord.phecies of When

place, notwithher out of not be moved IWE OfFER... shall inthe ofPresidency Church A COMPLETE scattered. are her children standing They

dicate, through inspiration, the land that remain, and are pure in heart, shall f ENGRAVING SERVICE portraits largest to the missionary From its full inheritances,will destiny, their they to return, and complete and come catalogues. everlastof children, their with songs and built. shall yet temple bethe We Attention. Prompt Mail Orders Given of places the to waste build ing joy, up will that just soon not howdo know CO. ENGRAVING UTAH all the that things these prophSt. City, Salt 120 Lake Regent Utah but Zion—and conditions, orbe, what under fulfilled."ets be (Doctrine Covemight and

we do know that since the Lord has nants 101:1619)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1937

THE OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN (Continued from page 587)

worth. On her thigh he burned his neither one of which could ever pass matches, counted them before the

brand, P S, two letters he thought without prompt and animated anfeverish eyes of the skunk, and arishe had learned, though he generally swer. ing started to take possession of the

got them backward. But backward When Bitseel, stalwart and stateblack mare.

or forward, that brand on the black ly but for his contemptible little hat, Nothing had been said about themare meant she was not for sale, stooped to lay five cartridges on a black mare—she vas not at all the

and never under any circumstances black and white card, Posey bent animal the skunk had had in mind.to be staked in a game of ducki. promptly and laid five cartridges The h—she wasn't—then why

against it. They bet again and still didn't he make that clear?

it clear. Chapter XVII More Ducki again, doubling the amount. Those He did make

first halfdozen thrusts looked mild At that the big Navajo began enough, but each one, whether he loosening the laragos to remove the 1 HE LURE of ducki Still realized it or not, was simply sparsaddle from the colt of special drew Posey like a hungry coyote to ring for an opening. The tenth bet promise.

hair carcass. loudsmellinga Gray rather proportions heavy assumed a himself Tsabekiss and Old

his temples,streaked had he and the won. PahUte and in of kinsmen caravan were whole

little flocks grandchildren. oftwo in formidat the attendance yabetchi the sweet are banter and Boast sorrow from through gone hadHe scuffle array. prolonged and able A select these far so ducki, but sap of life in general,his through and quick hairpulling bring them would a not word. spoken enemies had his in parducki fromenough shame telling to the scene no what and luck, his the Navajo Nettled bad by call for toticular the and wisdom reinevitable the happen, one would lost. bet double had he what reform. resolution of genuinethe of loss sult the of be which would hissed, throwing "Skunkbait!"he while especially reform, couldn'tHe his his automare. black Snatching silver blanket. his in the contempt on millstone distracted thehe by was his the arm, skunk matic under from flinched. expression Posey That his about had hungPoke weary in struck quick the coyote a blow medicine; of strongly smelled bad brightcolored cardsneck. The to saddle, his springing the face and

it imfollowed before been had by hypnotic from with power himdrew for cover. dashed still, disaster him. to mediate activities hfe,all especially Worse of other

so if he had any remote hunch that it always jabbed him in the sorest Bitseel staggered and fell, an ugly the big Navajo was to be in the place. In nervous resentment he dent in his left cheekbone. A howlgame. hunted the necessary amount from of alarm—a score of Navajos

And the big Navajo, his mop of his disordered pockets and stacked it mounted and whipped away in hot hair streaked with gray under his with clinchjawed rancor against pursuit, in dust and din and comgreasy little hat, still indulged his Bitseel's bet. "Coyote medicine!"motion. Little they knew the blackpassion for the wonderful game, no he growled in answer to the Navfilly's metal—she was proving hermatter who shuffled the cards. But ajo's malediction. self that day for the greatest conwith the first dim prospect of skinSince "coyote"in the Navajo lanfidence Posey was ever to repose in

ning his beloved enemy of the guage is "thief,"Bitseel took this as a horse. He had lost his money,

his knife, his his hat, he rope, but everythingwickiups, he dropped insult and a personal a fierce and sent still mare. the black had his and gun off. else shorteverybody at his glare antagonist, next but the

The Navajos staged a big yaflip of the cards gave him the big He would meet the coyote no more, betchi on the San Juan River, and stakes, and he raked in with biting nor pay the debt about which he had they gathered to it from all parts of exultation. been so basely insulted.

the reservation. The PahUtes Immediate disaster again after the But the big Navajo resolved, and

gathered to it from all over San Juan Navajo's curse! fate decreed, that the coyote and

county. Posey went on his black the skunk should have yet a final

meeting.filly, of that course he thought no the coyand Ihe skunk Bitseel returned score of meet have Navajos anywould and That ote into place had elbowed their waytrouble, track did of the but following to seen the he from be want

other, the opposite blanket each by creature magnificent troublesome whichon the PahUte. knew They all the origeliminated having and

to in carry rocks, to the better the him sometime than on intowas go inal players, to each one determined stir. their of big the thatlead After the considered they main and when eliminate other. thecelebration at that yabetchi, some tribesman had simply been knocked

tinhorn flashed a deck of cards and The skunk lost steadily: his down, and it was just a quarrel over

a roll of bills, and in five minutes money, his hat, his knife. He lost a cardgame, the flareup of an old

a dozen games of coolican were gohis lariat which he loosed from his sore, and the blow was more an ining full swing. saddle on the black mare and handsult than an injury, they resigned

It was inevitable that Posey and ed it over with anguish to the avarithe fuss to Bitseel and his rival to the big Navajo should be bending cious son. Pride and anger defight it out in their own way.

with watering mouths over the same manded that he go on with the fight. It resulted in no breach between

game, and equally inevitable that So, declaring that he had a horse Posey and the people of the southern they should be drawn simultaneously worth thirty dollars, which he would tribe. He went among them still as

into it. Whatever one of them did stake for three tendollar bets, he he pleased, even as far as Keyenta,

in the presence of the other was alproceeded with the game, using though he steered clear of the big ways interpreted by that other as a matches for dollars. man with the little hat.

personal dare or a personal insult, The coyote got all thirty of the {To be Continued)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1937

THE LOG OF A EUROPEAN TOUR {Continued from page 578) sweet story of old."Brother Pyper away, for the law prohibits anyone LOSAnGtS JTOPfltTMsaid his people were from England. standing in a hall and so those peoFather delighted the Scottish Saints ple who would have willingly stood *nlJUtWTiL

by stating that his father's people were forced to leave the building.came from that country. Two young boys who had ridden LfmKERSHim

f just their bicycles inTtt CnTR miles on afternoon session was strictly thirtyfive The. OFVRYTHinG not could for the pageant and who I. A.M.

for the next remain to'ouJi day were dffo*i,Qjt!mfldnt turned, S3aw General Board members To the

un pon] youn. axiiomotjik left that night. for home away and interest greatest since of theit was

impressiveit pageant was very The activities of the demonstrated well presented marveled FR4n K UUlSHOn - President so wespeech 9 and and music. There were

speeches and 5 Gleaner choruses. at its completeness. We were made

We were impressed by the feraware of the fact that sincerity and vency and eloquence of the speak- a determination to do one's best has ers. The two themes which they its reward because all the cast, the

stressed were, "Building Zion in readers, and the men and women

Great Britain today through M. I. behind the scenes, were giving the

it last their ounce of power to make the giving Centennial, theA.,"and ONSIDER credit for success. its suc- a Greathistory the of bringing of the Gospel

to these Isles. cess was due to the Elders who undifficulties der extreme had erected beautifully sang The girls and

presentation for the stage and to WELL trainingshowed good much and a lady one of the Sister Waldram,careful preparation. the close At and you'll

it. missionaries She who directed in ensemble.they gave their number

At 6:30 there was an English used groups from all over the mission, able to have being never once Hall. in PioneerHigh Tea The CranEquip those

full practice all present. a with themhospitality committee arranged had

that were made ticket for those deArrangementsa coupon who night heating systems! the next evening to have it repeatedsired ticket to purchase proit. This

vided lodgings and meals. so those hundreds of our own peoThere are many technical difThe crowd was so large that all plemightwhohavehadthebeenprivilege.refused admission

could not be accommodated at once, ferences in heating systems toevening as back to That we rode three than seatmore being hundred day. But if you choose CRANE hotel. said the pageant Father tables. the firsted at a the There was

stage in the hall and the guests of was one of the best he had ever witcast iron boilers and radiators, honor, about fifteen in number, sat nessed and he thought it nothing you will be certain of having it that of be short could marvelousthere. other in people were The the high quality and skilled in finished excelput such a on and Itthe the of house. body an was the heating comlent Sister manner. engineering—Ramona W. sight thisimpressive to large see

hall filled with people. Cannon said the sisters of the Relief fort... that you desire. Crane

cast iron boilers have greater There was a good meal served and Societyization hadand workedYoung Women'sfor monthsorganmak-the of people hundreds were ready to corrosion—longer It resistance the ing gathering costumes. and

itfor of because most had been them life. scientifically are dethe to sleep after They hard day's enwas getting theirso lodging busy houses joyment, signed for higher efficiency andlocated the conferand attending

ence that they had not taken time Sunday, August 1st. fuel saving. Crane radiators

to eat. 'T'he memory of Sunday will never have special features that assure

The program consisted of a series fade from my mind; it stands better heating. The Crane line

Father, guests. toastsof to the great events with those which I shall

Clark,Brother Pyper, Brother of offers you exactly the heating remember! Sister always The dedication

Fox, Sister Lyman, Sister Jos. J. the Salt Lake Temple (when I was plant you need, whatever the

Cannon being the recipients. The a child of twelve), the M. I. A. fuel or type of heating system.

in several joined songs.audience Jubilee held 12 years ago, and the For complete satisfaction hurried From here we over to Centennial the Celebration of

the town hall where the pageant Church organization held April 6, CranEquip!

"Lift Up Ye Everlasting Doors,"1930.

was presented. The town hall has The meetings on Sunday were

seating capacitya of about seven first in the held The Town Hall. El timehundred by the fifty and and iCRANCRANE CO., GENERAL OFFICES: meeting, o'clock, at 9 commencing

ILL. S. 836 AVENUE, CHICAGO, MICHIGAN arrived only seats of a or so rowwe bearing. devoted to testimony was

S., CITY, SALT W. LAKE UTAH SECOND of people hundreds andwas empty as President Joseph Can307 As soon J. Sales Branches and in Hundred Offices One seated. yetnot our made way Cities Sixty finished and We speaking non opened and

through the crowds and took our the meeting for testimonies several VALVES, FITTINGS, FABRICATED PIPE, seats. It was so distressing to all people were on their feet and this PUMPS, PLUMBING AND HEATING MATERIAL

of us to have our people turned {Continued on page 590)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1937

THE LOG OF A EUROPEAN TOUR {Continued from page 589) occurred several times during the seemed to mar the peace as each man thankfulness and appreciation for meeting. Thirty people bore their arose to speak. The power of the the Gospel and the good men who

testimonies. Lord was upon his servants; their were the bearers of its message surge

At eleven o'clock every available instructions and fervent testimonies through my mind that I can only seat was occupied. The platform will ever ring in our ears. After the thank my Father in Heaven for the

was filled with children. afternoon session it was decided to privilege of being at this conference

The detailed account of these arrange for an amplifier to be placed and enjoying its spirit. The "peace

meetings has been given by Elder in the square just behind the hall bethat passeth understanding"has

Sorensen so I will try to give my cause hundreds of people were there been in the hearts of many this day.

impressions during the day. It who could not gain admission to the At all the sessions father's powerseemed as if we were attending a hall. ful testimony and his freedom of

general or stake conference. There An estimate was made at night of speech bore witness to us of the inwas a spirit of expectancy, of hushed those present in and out of the buildspiration which accompanies a

solemnity that seemed to brood over ing and it was thought that approxiprophet of God.

all. Not a sound, not a whisper mately fifteen hundred people heard

the last session, either in the hall or Monday, August 2nd.

out on the square. TlONDAY we felt would probably be

After the meeting the pageant was an anticlimax but it wasn't. Alrepeated. The people seemed loath though in a different way the same

to leave the grounds, and we all spirit was with us. We had a meetstood around visiting and expressing ing in which the M. I. A., Primary,

appreciation of the wonderful meetand Genealogical work was stressed.

ings we had attended. It was the Several local members took part,

general feeling of all present that Father closing the meeting with a they had had a veritable pentecostal song and offering the benediction.

feast. At 1 2: 30 there was another splenIt was said frequently by the peodid luncheon meeting where awards

better going home they were ple that given the recognition were ando/o to going were and and women men achievement for outstanding Elders spend their time spreading the Gosin selling the Millennial Star.

pel message. Promptly at two o'clock (on the

The Elders, seeing the large large field where the baseball match crowd, saw an opportunity for a had been played and won by our street meeting and so put up their men Saturday afternoon) the grand invited square. They chair on the the of commenced. I. A. march M. and closer a little the people to come of honor other the guests Father and ride a meeting was soon in progress. were on a receiving stand in the

They, one by one, gave a message. center of the field. They marched

All the details of apporei, Some spoke of the celebration just past the stand singing, "The M Men stationery, etc., in her completed; others on various beliefs are Leading Along."They formed

great adventure are of of the Church. Their sincere and on the field and made a human M.

their enthusiasm testimonies, humble the utmost importance.

for the work they were doing, and peopleI. A. steppedFrom amongup andtheawardedgroup fivethe

Correctness and smarttheir desire to be the bearers of a Union Jack to Father. Brother Richness are our watchwords message to the people that would ard R. Lyman, Brother and Sister

peace and contentment Pyper, Brother Cannon, into Joseph in Wedding Stationery. bring

their lives brought tears to my eyes. people Fox. These and SisterJ.

See our smart new line They invited me to speak, and, for resented the divisions of the Britishrepthe first time in my life, I spoke on Isles. There was also an award of

Prices $7.00 the street. We stayed till nearly pins and some presents for Brother

ten o'clock and were getting quite and Sister Cannon and a present for

And up for 100 Wedding tired standing, so we inquired when Father to take to his wife. More

Invitations or Announceit would be over and the Elder standspeeches and more singing, and the ments. ing by us said it would run as long program was ended.

as they could keep a crowd, and the The final event, the Grand Ball, 5*fe police would let them stay; likely it was the climax of the day. It was

would be eleven o'clock. We degiven in the evening at 7 o'clock. A

cided we had better not stay till it grand march, dances in costume, and left there were sociability a general still people"wasprobablyout. twoWhenhundredwe in ticipated by hundreds. Deseret listening. So closes the Centennialparty wasCelebrapar-

Tonight as I retire to my bed my tion of the British Mission. It was

thoughts are on the proceedings of a glorious event. Never have I feltjMews Press those two days. I hear the town greater spiritual uplift. Father rose

29 Richards St. clock strike hour after hour and still to majestic heights in his addresses

Salt Lake City I cannot sleep. Such thoughts of and every person I have spoken to

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1937

The Log of COMPANIONSHIP a European Tour (Concluded from page 538)

or heard from has said the same in to meet them. You hesitate. Let that you are proud of or happy to

thing. I asked him today if at any me give you this practical test. How meet, or have you just chanced into

time he had felt that he had greater many of you have really sat down a friendship? Consider carefully:

liberty of speech in talking to the with your bishop, with your stake the C of chance and the C of choice.

people, said "no."voice he and His president? can; and can you You to consider the third C. Now it clear magnetic,was so and to seemed other people you'd come know It's of the richest in one the words fairly invisible charged with like an to know.

it life language; Enghsh at touches I spirit. it, I will forget never and

I every corner. If have conany feel ever than before the more need of BoK, one became who pDWARD in tribution article, this in it centers spiritualof these revivals us among in outstanding the Amermen this last C. have read, You no all. all felt visit this that have We ica, over here boy. as a Dutch came doubt, out across the ages, the of life willof the brethren put and new If that of haven't read you book I qualities in wonderful men. never activitygreater into the over work his. Americanization Edward The of tire of reading that story wonderfulhere. should. says he Bok, owes you He of Jonathan David. and Jonathan

everything that developed in his life might have been king it was his to the fact that when he v/as a right to be. He chose not to be.

cJ youngster he would go in to meet He demurred out of his friendship people. He said: "I'll never forget to David. Their story is one of the

richest chronicles in the world. WHEN DAY IS DONE andthe dayannouncedI workedmyselfup tomyPresidentcourage

third This in the works realm of C friends Roosevelt. Theodore Catherine E. Berry By My sports. It works take a when you I I foolish. said never have had was

is night done creeps and DAY up It out. lady young works you whenWHEN life in royal reception a more my the sky are to hostess a young he man when wouldn't me, than he and gave you starlight's silver clouds darkenedWith and calls you, on talk to and when you felbut a he have known what was gleam, father and mother. you've Now to don't need townsman."low You singing at are winds dusk gayly byWhen it. It's guessed the Chivalry of comIt people. afraid of they be be may call that to those vagrant songsWith who I think of the one to panionship. opportunity an would dream; welcome

I watch the road that dips beyond the hill; sit down and talk to young people finest comphments I ever heard paid

to at his paid a man was funeral like you.Listening footsteps lane, the for your down

it said when of was him: "HeI stand athrill the gate, beside heart my that forbids I even mention Space his treated as sweetheart if she were you'll that again. soon be knowTo with me of friends the anxious host to meet sister, a treated his and he sister as

I wait beside the gate when night appears you out of the world's great books if she were a sweetheart."I

of yesterday-—of all time. couldn't write it better than that if IBecause my love is coming home to me,—friends

So shall it always be throughout the years, Thus, the second C of Companionwrote a volume. Find me a young

And after that into eternity, ship is choice. Have you met the man who is good enough to treat his

For should I go beyond before you do, kind of fellow who is lifting you up? sister as if she were a sweetheart

I'll wait beside that other gate for you! Are you meeting the kind of people and that will be the sum total of

gentlemanliness.

Chivalry is a wonderful thing.

When a man has the spirit of chiv-

M. I. A. READING COURSE BOOKS alry,to herhehonor.wouldn'tTheretakeis nothinga girl outcheapbut

Season 19371938 in a young woman who entertains a young man in the spirit of chivalry.

The following books have been officially approved and recommended for reading during next season: Will you accept one other thought

Department Book Price—you young people born in the

EXECUTIVE The Man of Galilee, by Wendling (Postpaid)Sl.OO Church: I never stand opposite a

1.75 to Religion, Link C. Henry The Return ADULT couple by young taking that vow which

to Religion, Link 1.75 Return C. Henry SENIOR The by

to their means that so much future 1.25 Higher, Step Evans John Henry a Little by

little I don't close Evans Higher, Henry a by John the service sayMEN Step M

Influence People, to and by Dale Carnegie 1.251.96 LittleWin Friends How "I hope, people, you'll young 1.25 ing: Little Evans Higher, John Henry Step a by GLEANER

How to Win Friends and Influence People, by Dale Carnegie 1.96 love each other so much in this life

Persons, Real by Starbuck EXPLORER to the Orient, North by Anne M. Lindbergh 2.501.06 that you'll want to be pals in EterJUNIORS

SCOUT Cowboy Hugh, by Walter H. Nichols I.OO nity."If I were a Latterday Saint

reading BEE HIVE Special at this See list alongstore—orthe write.lines of the seven cells and Bee Hive work. girl or boy, there is just one final

thing I'd want to do. There's one

order. prices are with the cash These

will postage added. In Utah be addIf2 sentper centC. O.forD. salesor charged,tax. altar that's more sacred than any

other place in all the wide worldsense of real chivalry, that they'll DESERET BOOK COMPANY God bless the youth of Israel with a 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah honor the traditions of their fathers and mothers by picking their mates in the House of the Lord.

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY HANDY WIFE

MAINTENANCE main—and the accent is on this part of the **"|1ARY has a wonderful husband."

mean?'"Yes? you do is not IVl the i in the ate; as pronounced How a is word word—the

all the her he helps do work. Monday he washed first "Why, sounded has the in the the e as event. e word, at all. Te

In the last syllable, nance, the a is sounded as in account. Be the dishes with her. Tuesday he dusted with her. And tosure to place the accent correctly and the pronunciation will morrow he is going to mop the floor with her."Brown Jug.

be Municipal—Theeasy. first syllable is mu with the u pronounced -

as in the word, unite. Nic is the second syllable which also

receives the accent; the i is pronounced as in the word it, and **OOME of the good people who dine here,"said the hotel the c has the sound of s. You must remember that the accent O manager sadly, "seem to regard spoons as a sort of is on this syllable. /, the third syllable, is as in charity; medicine—to be taken after meals."

pal, the final syllable, has the a pronounced as in account.

pronunciation of this Apparatus. has The preferred word

the as in third a pronounced see A MERE DETAIL! and ate. Try it that way

whether you don't like it.

FROM A YOUNG MAN BEGINNING LIFE

Dresden, Germany, July 5, 1937.

Improvement Era 50 North Main, Salt Lake City.

Dear Brethren:

T JUST completed reading the editorial "To A Young Man * Beginning Life."Such articles make the Era worthwhile to

everyone. I am a young man beginning life. That editorial

solidified the memory of advice from people I like to associate with. I do not wish or expect to be a "mighthave-been"or

a "wish-I-haddone-differently."My sincere thanks to Richard

L. Evans and the Era.

Thomas B. McKay, IToutWASon kittheirinspection,beds. Theand orderlythe soldierswalkedhadintotheirthe thingsroom laidand

GermanAustrian Mission. approached Private Brown.

FROM THE NEW "DIGEST""Three"Yes, sir.shirts,OneBrown?"on, one hein asked.the wash, and one in the box,"

(Combining the Literacy Digest and Review o/ Reviews) replied"Twothepairspriyate.of boots?"

July 14, 1937. "Yes, sir; one pair on and one pair in the box."

The Improvement Era Magazine "Two pairs of socks Brown?"

Salt Lake City, "Yes, sir; one pair on and one pair in the box."

Utah "Good! Now, where's the box?"

Dear Sir: "Dunno, sir; I've lost it."Answers (London).

SHOULD very much like to add your publication to our WEexchange list. If this is agreeable to you, please notify NATURAL MISTAKE

me and we shall start sending you The Digest at once.

Ever very truly, LITTLE Algernon (to the old lady who has just arrived, and

John Blakeless, whom he has never seen before): "So you're my grandLiterary Editor. mother, are you?"

Grandmother: "Yes, on your father's side."

FROM A NONMEMBER Algernon: "Well, you're on the wrong side, I'll tell you

that right now!"

February 16, 1937 it may concern: WORTH REPEATING TOI WHOMsubscribe to the:

National Geographic Field and Stream

Scouter Reader's Digest Boy's Life Physical Culture The Improvement Era I believe every home and especially "The Mormon Home"should have the Era. I read it regularly, thoroughly, and enjoy

and benefit thereby. It is all good clean literature, and uplifts

the mind and the soul of everyone who follows its pages.

Of all the magazines I receive, the Era is read first—and

then it is put away to give to someone who might not be able to take it. I know of no other magazine that can bring so much

good into a home, therefore, I can heartily endorse the Era.

I believe it should be in every home.

Yours sincerely, L. D. Pfouts.

bit after around shy, I trust her arras thrown activities she had and statewide Dr. Pfouts'in scouting you know

kissed for of flowers, and bringing her to get this a bouquet endorsement. It HEhimWASanda to know I was him how pleased

would be perfectly agreeable to publish it in the Era. Of he arose and started to leave.

course you know Dr. Pfouts is not a member of the Church. "I am sorry I offended you,"she said.

S. A. Harris "Oh, I'm not offended,"he replied. "I'm going for more

Payson, Utah. flowers."Capper's Weekly.

N/Ofv

*v. '-?Vice. 'es,

|.J*, 1Pa>,,

Bear,> *'* Ci\'',f/aoio..,

your 1 '*str<ia "* *'b-opw ''P'-'lat,,, "al part In

., *"yo able. * y""Ba, ''"y

smmmsmK'sme

One hour before broadcast time for the Memorial Day program, originated by KSL for the Columbia Broadcasting System, rain drenched the broadcast site. Yet KSL overcame almost unsurmountable odds to start the broadcast "on time.

Emergencies are commonplace to the KSL staff, whose job it is to bring you your radio entertainment when you want it.

AFFILIATED

WITH THE VOICE 50,QQD DF THE WEST Si. WATTS

U. S. POSTAGE

2c PAID Salt Lake City, Utah Permit No. 325

Symbol of Prog,ress The Beneficial Life Insurance Company is Kappy to announce the thorough modernization of its home office building. As a result the first two

floors, which have been completely renovated, will be occupied by the company early in September.

Among the many improvements effected are complete refinishing and redecorating of the building exterior and of the first two floors... new

scientific hghting... new fixtures... modem fireproof vaults. And, to match

these improvements in our building, we are installing the latest and best accounting methods and office equipment.

These extensive improvements in our office facilities symbolize the progressive and sound policies which have largely been responsible for the continued steady growth of this strong company.

Upon the completion of our new offices we shall hold open house for our friends and the public. You are cordially invited to pay us a visit at that time.

Home Office—Beneficial Life Bldg.. Salt Lake City, Utah

heber j. grant. president