saft-t

.''-'.V -.

l*

i.:;

..;"#.:C: '.-.-'

m M-ivm

,.-'JULY 1949

w

for the BookWise Book News -ABOUTCommentaries on the Restored Gospel

ON THE WAY TO IMMORTALITY FRUITS OF RELIGION $1.50

DR. FRANKLIN L. WEST AND ETERNAL LIFE $3.50 By

By PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK. JR. Aefficacypracticalof religionexplorationas an andenricherapplicationof life. of the

You will hear much about this book. Read it early

and gain its ben'efit longer.

DISCOURSES OF BRIGHAM THE VITALITY OF MORMONISM $2.50 YOUNG $2.75

By JAMES E. TALMAGE Compiled by JOHN A. WIDTSOE

A boon to teachers and speakers for its short, lucid, Vigorous ideas of a powerful man motivated by authentic expositions of distinctive gospel prinenthusiasm for the restored Gospel.

ciples.

KEY TO THEOLOGY $1.25

INTRODUCTION TO THE DOCBy PARLEY P. PRATT

TRINE AND COVENANTS AND Another of the classics, the product of a great

PEARL OF GREAT PRICE $2.25 mind with a gift of language.

By DR. T. EDGAR LYON ARTICLES OF FAITH

An easy book to read, and rewarding because of its clarity, facts and new analysis. By JAMES E. TALMAGE

Missionary $1.25

MORAL TEACHINGS OF THE Library $2.00

of first rank, standard commentary has schooled in their understanding NEW TESTAMENT $1.50 Athousands of fundamentals.

By MILTON BENNION

inspiration Clearcut of wisdom essence and richly benefit a few words. Another rewarding in RESTORATION OF ALL THINGS..$1.75

to speakers teachers and and all who respect By JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH sincerely soundly ideas, expressed. and

A forceful presentation of the principles and keys restored for the fulness of times.

TRUTH SEEKER AND MORMONISM $1.00 THE PROGRESS OF MAN $2.25

By JOSEPH F. MERRILL By JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH

An exposition of gospel principles addressed to A broad, comprehensive view of the Lord's dealthe inquiring lover of truth. ings with man for his blessing and exaltation.

All prices are subject to change without notice.

DESERET 44 East South Temple Street BOOK COMPANYSalt Lake City 10, Utah

Please send me the following books:

Name Address

Cash herewith $ (We pay the postage when cash accompanies the order).

for wonderful picnics By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

'"Phe Franz Josef glacier in New

Zealand descends to within 700 feet of sea level, passing through semitropical vegetation. This glacier

moves about fifteen feet a day cornpared with a rate of about three feet for a glacier in the Alps.

HPhe largest elephant tusk known weighs 226 pounds and is ten feet long. It is in the Natural History

Museum, Kensington, London. The

horn on a rhinoceros may be three feet or more in length.

A new type of "NoDrip"tape gives an improved method for the control of moisture which condenses on colder pipes and drips off. The material is a corkfilled pliable tape which

can be spirally wound on pipes without special tools.

HTrain wrecks or derailments can be greatly reduced in number CHOCOLATE DROP with the inspection of railway wheels for broken flanges or treads, which is in the train becan made while by:- KDQcAled granted to Patents have beenmotion.

for A. GieskiengM. W. W. and

devices mechanicalelectronic C '? v and to P %

check the wheel as they pass over and giving a signal to stop the train Just drop a package of these delicious chocwhen a defect is discovered. olate drop cookies in your picnic basket,

and everyone will be pleased.

HPwo more blood factors have been found and named "Kell"and Crisp golden brown Town House "Celano."99.8 percent of white Cookies are made with generous quantities

people have the Celano factor which of fresh creamy butter and lots of eggs..

was discovered by Dr. Phillip Levine and a whole lot of smooth flavory choc

factors found the M, N, P,who also olate drops and real hemolytic interpreted correctlyand disease of the newborn as due to the pecan meat's are

Rh factor. The Kell antigen was found mixed in.

by British workers. With the now

known blood factors that are capable Nothing but the of demonstration by antisera, the combest ever goes into binations of these factors possible numTown House Cookies

Because thousands. in theber these by Purity. hereditary and because are factors

their distribution varies in peoples, they are important in tracing the relationship of ancient and modern Hear "Town peoples. They're fresh at your grocer's. House Melodies,"

Look for the blue and yellow KDYL, 4:30 p.m.

package. Sundays Quartz crystals more than an inch TOWN HOUSE

long have been produced synPURITY BISCUIT CO. SALT LAKE PHOENIX thetically.

JULY 1949 Ilmprauementfra 1949

:Mi J$?'Ak i ts iiMlsil m

Slifi NUMBER 7

v

OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION,

MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

The Editor's Page The Cover Obedience to Law George Albert Smith 429 HPhe gaining of the golden harvest "* was a matter of family and comChurch Features munity life and prayer in pioneer The Meaning of Peter's Confession—I Sidney B. Sperry 430 days. This representation is the little Mission to Polynesia—IV Doyle L. Green 435 known west plaque of the worldEvidences and Reconciliations: CXXXV—What Limitations are famed Sea Gull Monument on

PlacedCXXXVI—Doupon the CherubimFree Agent?and Seraphim Have Wings? 448 TempleMahonri Square.M. Young,It is thegrandsonwork ofof

John A, Widtsoe 449 President Brigham Young. The

-The Church Moves On 420 Melchizedek Priesthood 456 protograph is from the Church.457 NoLiquor-Tobacco Column Publicity, Appointees Mission Litto the General Boards and

Bishopric's Presiding 458 Radio, Page The 421 of M.I.A for erature committee, adapted of DisGenealogy: Romance The

They Honor their Gleaners, Marba covery, Archibald F. Bennett 462 cover by Charles Jacobsen.

C. Josephson 426 Departing Missionaries—May 464

Special Features "Lovingly Yours"Verna W. Goddard 432

The Social Security Act of 1935—Part VI—The Church and ModSHOES

ern Society 434 Durham G, Homer of Peteetneet Madoline 438 By Clarence Edwin Flynn Dixon Cloward Composers

Health their places have where JL1[others All the sweet. Cluster mem'ries andAnswers—Let'sWorld PeaceTalk It Over JosephMaryR.BrentnallMorrell 441444 "*

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L Evans 445 Little castoff shoes are there,

Exploring the Universe, Franklin Homing: Meals for the Multitudes Worn by baby feet.

S. Harris, Jr 417—II, Mildred Bowers Hunter.450

These Times: Individualism in an Cook's Corner, Josephine B. God, too, has a place, no doubt,

Industrial Society, G. Homer Nichols 454 Full of souvenirs

Durham 419 Your Page and Ours.480 Shoes his children have worn out

On the Bookrack 447 Walking up the years.

Commencement Day at Brigham Young University

John A. Widtsoe 449 Editors

George Albert Smith John A. Widtsoe

Stories, Poetry Managing Editor

Storm Along the Sweetwater John F* Richards 439 Richard L. Evans

The Fort on the Firing Line—X Albert R. Lyman 442 Assistant Managing Editor

Shoes, Clarence Edwin Flynn.418 Country Scene, J. Fabian Giroux....470 Doyle L. Green

Frontispiece: Timpanogos, Eva Associate Editor

Willes Wangsgaard 427 A Memory, Verda P. Bollschweiler Marba C. Josephson

Poetry Page 428 476 General Manager -K Elbert R. Curtis

Executive and Editorial Offices: Associate Manager

50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah Bertha S. Reeder

Copyright 1949 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a Corporation of the Young Business Manager

Men's Mutual Improvement Association of the Church of Jesus Christ John D. Giles

of Latterday Saints. Al! rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.50 a Editorial Associates

year, in advance; foreign subscription, $3.00 a year, in advance; 25c Elizabeth J. Moffitt

single copy. Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass Advertising Director matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for Verl F. Scott

in section 1103, Act of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

Advertising Representatives National is for manuscripts, unsolicited not responsible Era The Improvement

S. Townsend, Edward

contributions. but welcomes and Los Angeles San Francisco

for delivery and return. postage by sufficient All manuscripts must be accompanied

Change of Address: Dougan and Bolle,

Fifteen days'notice required for change of address. When ordering a change, please include Chicago and New York

address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address changes cannot be made unless the old Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

address as well as the new one is included.

418 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a

INDIVIDUALISM IN AN INDUSTRIAL SOCIETY

-. By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

Head o/ Political Science Department,.'.-.

University of Utah

A 1949 poll of this year's crop of f college graduates reveals that only their to percent expect develop two tions, capital, union labor, have taken business establishments.own Comthe place of the individual's personal Plan to Spend state pollsters their menting, the conshovel, ax, plow. the and individOnly

that the clusion crop 1949 has more Your ualist Delightful farmer, Most along with approximatein V interest in "security""venture."than

million small ly a businesses, remain.

Is this true? the twentyyear- are Or Summer Evenings On number of farmsteads individThe and

If realistic? olds being a you were ual farm operators, six between and Gay this in man, the summer, midyoung

million, seven declines year. everytwentieth century, lookwould be you

ing for a job with Standard Oil or Tn the decade 18931903 Frederick would you be about to launch the firm Jackson Turner marked four changes of Doe and Company? in American national development

which constituted, in his eyes, "a revoTn 1903, Frederick Jackson Turner, lution."They were (1) the exhaustion

the American historian, contributed of the supply of free land; (2) "such a

a piece to the Atlantic Monthly enconcentration of capital... as to make HOTEL UTAH'S

titled "Contributions of the West to a new epoch;"(3) "the expansion of GARDEN IN THE SKY'

American Democracy."In this article, the United States politically and comTurner attributed the successful growth mercially into lands beyond the seas;"

of democracy in America to "the fact ( 4 ) "the political parties of the United that an area of free land has continuStates now tend to divide on issues ally lain on the western border of the that involve the question of Socialism."

settled area of the United States"—Turner did not live to see the Taylor

thesis which first made him famous in Grazing Act of 1934, which closed the 1893. By 1903 the free lands were public lands to private entry as a legal DINNER—6 to 11 p.m.

virtually exhausted. Where they refact. But the facts were obvious, if

mained, among not legalized, in 1903. He did see the DANCING—7:30 to 12

... the arid lands and mineral resources first billion dollar corporation, the U.S. Monday thru Saturday

of the Far West... no conquest was posSteel corporation, about the time of

sible by the old individual pioneer methhis 1903 article. Since then, billion To The Popular Music of

ods. Here expensive irrigation works must dollar corporations have increased

be constructed,... capital beyond the thirtyfold, not to.mention new, govreach of the small farmer was required. In ernmentowned corporations like the BOB McGREW

a word, the physiographic province itself R.F.C., T.V.A., E.C.A., and the AtomAnd His Orchestra

decreed that the destiny of this new frontier ic Energy Commission. His third

should be social rather than individual. phenomenon, "the expansion of the

States politically United and until commercharge 9:30 p.m., No cover in historian faced So, future the the

only Nites, $1.50 $1 cially into Week lands seas,"the beyond has tktn

individ1903 and whether pondered Holidays. Saturdays and proliferated into the 1917 Finance War vital inualism could element a remain

Corporation, the Dawes and YoungAmerican life.

the moratorium, Plans, the Hoover Export-Import Bank, R.F.C., LendLease, MUSICAL LUNCHEON SATURDAY/"\ne out of every eight or fewer of this Administration, and now, War Assets

year's graduates will work for gov- E.C.A.—the Marshall Plan, all dwarfSQUARE DANCING WEDNESDAY

ernment. ( One out of every eight gaining the signs of the 1903 horizon.

fully employed Americans worked for in 1939.)government often Most asked: "Are of the T am we headed, in HOTEL UTAHother seven will a corporawork for the States, United for Socialism?"

tion, many of them for giant corporaIn 1903 Turner noted that our major Max Carpenter, Manager tions. The collectivization of the political parties tend to divide on issues

American economy has proceeded that involve the question of Socialism.

along three fronts: ( 1 ) collectivizaHe hoped the "ideals of the pioneer in

tion through corporate concentration his log cabin shall enlarge into the spirBig Business; (2) collectivization itual life of a democracy where civic

through labor organization—Big Labor power shall dominate and utilize inemerging to match wits with Big Busidividual achievement for the common

ness; (3) Big Government comes in the good."

wake of Big Business and Big Labor, because every citizen comes to have a Comewhere, somehow, individual stake in the production processes domachievements must retain room for inated by Business and Labor. The creative activity. The record since

modern production process, corpora- (Concluded on page 466)

JULY 1949 419 THE CHURCH MOVES ON yv *JJau Jo <=J-)au Lhronotoau \Jf Lhurch Events

MAY 1949 Boythe sameScoutsmeeting,of America,Elder Ezraat a meetingTaft Bensonheld ofin theBoston.CouncilAt

-| c The Tooele Sixth Ward, Tooele (Utah) Stake, was of the Twelve was elected a member of the board of di- * * created from portions of Tooele First Ward. Daniel rectors of the Boy Scouts.

F. Lawrence was sustained as the bishop of the new ward.

The 120th anniversary of the restoration of the Aaron- O A The formation of an organization was announced to * * aid convertemigrants from Great Britain in rejc Priesthood was appropriately marked in most wards and branches. Presiding Bishop LeGrand Richards addressed locating in Utah. Andre K. Anastasiou, former acting pres-

a fourstake youth conference in Logan, Utah, observing ident of the British Mission, is the chairman of the group, the event. known tentatively as the British Mission Advisory Committee.

of i Salt Lake C. Stephenson appointment of Roy D The c Mrs. o Foulger Knight was appointed Norma* "L.D.S. of the Idaho Falls as administrator City hos- ""to the qeneral of the board Primary Association.

pital was announced by Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin of the

Presiding Bishopric. He succeeds William Grant Ovard. O "7 The First Presidency announced the appointment of

"* Vinal G. Mauss, bishop of the Oakland Ward, Oak10 The appointment of Edna K. Pay, president of the land (California) Stake, as president of the Japanese

"Granite (Salt Lake City) Stake Young Women's Mission. He succeeds President Edward L. Clissold. PresMutual Improvement Association, to the general board of ident Mauss filled a mission to Japan from 1922 to 1924.

the Y.W.M.I.A. was announced by General President He expects to go to Japan in August with his wife, two

Bertha S. Reeder. sons, and a daughter, to assume the mission duties.

The appointment of Adolphus P. Warnick of Pleasant Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the Council of the Twelve

Grove, Utah, principal of Lincoln high school, Orem, and dedicated the chapel of the Dutch Gap (Virginia) Branch, of Gerald G. Smith, of Salt Lake City, formerly active in Central Atlantic States Mission.

Mutual work in Hollywood Ward, Los Angeles Stake, to the general board of the Y.M.M.I.A. was announced by o Q Elder Marion G. Romney, assistant to the Council

General Superintendent Elbert R. Curtis. ** * of the Twelve, dedicated the chapel of the Chester

Arnold Friberg, widely known artist, and member of Ward, Yellowstone (Idaho) Stake.

the University of Utah faculty, has been commissioned G. L. Rees was sustained as president of the Smithto paint a picture for the Sunday Schools during its cenfield (Utah) Stake, succeeding W. Hazen Hillyard. Prestennial year, it was announced. It is expected that he will ident Rees'counselors are Stanley F. Griffin and Morris

do a canvas depicting students attending the first Sunday L. Hansen.

School in the intermountain west, which was held at the President David O. McKay dedicated the Downey

home of Richard Ballantyne on December 9, 1849. Ward chapel, South Los Angeles (California) Stake.

Elder Clifford E. Young, assistant to the Council of

( Idaho ) Ward chapel2 a"publicity,Roger L. Dockand missionwas appointedliteratureto thecommittee,Church radio,as a ofthetheTwelve,SpokanededicatedStake. the Lewiston

French translator. He is a recent emigrant from Charleroi,

of the the Council of Benson Taft Elder Ezra ABelgium. O "(Virginia) the dedicated Arlington Twelve Ward

20 East Riverside Stake was formed from portions of chapel, Washington Stake. "the Riverside Stake in northwest Salt Lake City.

this, Church, are stake of the the 174th inIncluded the JUNE 1949 Sixteenth, Twentyeighth, and Fifteenth, City Salt Lake

Thirtyfourth wards, giving the stake a membership of J An eightweek radio series featuring the Primary approximately 4500. Thaddeus M. Evans, bishop of the * Associations of the stakes of the Ogden, Utah, area,

Thirtyfourth Ward, was sustained as stake president, with was begun over KLO, Ogden.

Robert L. Bridge, bishop of the Twentyeighth Ward, and W. Harold Handley of Ogden, Utah, was appointed

Harold W. Jeffs of the high council, as counselors. Reto the general board of the Young Men's Mutual Improvemaining in the Riverside Stake are the Riverside, Twentyment Association.

ninth, and Center wards, and the Airport Branch, with a Enrolment at Church seminaries in six western states membership for the stake of approximately 4500. Succeedand in western Canada for the year ending June 1, totaled

ing President John B. Matheson of the Riverside Stake is 20,575. Of this number 5,555 students were graduated this

Glen S. Burt, bishop of the Twentyninth Ward. His counspring.

Richards. S. Elder Robert and Hinckley selors A. are Arza

Salt Tabernacle Choir Lake O began and Organ The the of Elder the Merrill and of Council Twelve F.Joseph "'records master making from which Columbia Records assistant of the to the Council Twelve E. McKay,Thomas

will issue record album. a

conference. of in the chargewere

The Soda Springs Ward, Idaho Stake, was divided r Elder Joseph Fielding Smith of the Council of the into the Soda Springs First and Second wards. Wilford ** Twelve gave the baccalaureate sermon before the

Dredge was sustained as bishop of the First Ward, and 1 949 graduates at Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah.

Joseph L. Christopherson was sustained as bishop of the

Second Ward. 3 President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., was the principal

* speaker at Brigham Young University graduating ex- o President George Albert Smith was elected to the ercises. The class had 789 members—70 of whom received

*? ** advisory committee of the executive board of the masters'degrees.

420 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CAN YOUAPPOINTEES to tL M. I. A. GENERAL BOARDS BY CLIPPER'FLY

pouR new members have been called HpHE First Presidency has approved *"to the general board of the Y.W. the appointment of additional

M.I.A.: members of the general board of the

Hortense Hogan Child who was Young Men's Mutual Improvement born in Thatcher, Idaho, graduated Association:

from the L.D.S. Business College and

attended school at the University of A lbert O. Mitchell is an associate

Utah and the Utah State Agricultural professor of speech and in charge

College. She also served in the U. S. of the young people's theater program

as corps a naval airarmed forces perat the University of Utah. He is a naofficer, to advancingsonnel the rank

of lieutenant, junior grade, in the tive of Parowan, Utah, and a graduate

Waves. of the University of Utah. He also atHer Church work has been largely tended the University of fowa and the

in the Mutual, serving as president of University of Wisconsin, gaining his the Washington Ward Y.W.M.I.A. Ph.D. from the latter institution. He

while she was stationed there in the filled a mission to the Eastern States

Waves; as president of the First from 192629, and during the recent

Ward, Denver, Colorado; president war was a United States army chapCity,of the Tenth Salt Lake Ward, attaining the rank in the Pacific, plain ROUND beingbefore the made president of this aptime of of a captain. At the

In addition StakePark to Y.W.M.I.A. pointment to the general board, he

is position,her stake serving she as of the presidency the of a member was of theteacher Relief SoTenth Ward THE WORLD Salt in the seventy of quorum 182nd is bishop husband ciety. Her of the

Tenth Ward. Mrs. Child will serve Lake City Thirtythird Ward. Only Pan American flies to

on the Junior committee. He is married and has five daughters. all six continents... to 61

He is assigned to the drama committee. countries and colonies. So,

wherever you want to go, it's likely that Clippers can fly you i there directly... with a single

ticket and a single set of haggage checks.

You may fly abroad by one Clipper route, return by another—and still get important

roundtrip savings!

HORTENSE HOGAN CHILD EMMA BLAIR EVANS For information on flights, call reservations, your and teacher a Blair Evans, in the ALBERT 0. MITCHELL FRANK W. McGHIE faresEmma nearest Travel or the Agent Society, Relief Hill Capitol Ward

has had a rich and varied experience Pan American office.

in her Church activities. She was on "Prank W. McGhie served three

the stake board of the Salt Lake geneayears in charge of religious educaTrade Mark.

logical society until her recent appointtion for the Church in the Hawaiian Pan American Airways, Inc.

ment. She filled a mission to the NorthIslands, and has been with the Church

western States from 19291931. She department of education for twentyto William Ralph married Evanswas years, during time he which two has Pa/vAmpiucm

in of she 1932, has October by whom at Driggs, assigned Idaho, been Kaysson. Elder daughtersthree a and World Airways

ville, in Salt College the old L.D.S. trading at Shippost operated a Evans

rock, New Mexico, and there Mrs. Lake City, Lehi, Murray, Salt Lake WORLD'S MOST EXPERIENCED AIRLINE

Evans taught Gleaner Girls prior to City East, and Salt Lake City South.

her appointment as president of the He is a former member of the M.I.A.

Shiprock Branch Relief Society. From general board. He has been assigned... 194347, Mrs. Evans directed the to the speech department. WE OFFER

women's and children's activities in the A COMPLETE

SERVICE ENGRAVING Indian Mission.Southwest

Portraits Largest to the From Missionary in born St. George, Evans was Mrs. Catalogues.

Salt to Attention City at CtanleyUtah, attendedRusson,thea nativeold L.D.S.of Lehi,ColMail Utah, and came Orders Lake Given Prompt

lege the University from and graduated of sixteen. the She age is a graduate CO. ENGRAVING UTAH of Utah. manager He is now St. of Nursing. L.D.S. of the School Utah She Salt Lake City, of Leyson113 Regent

has been assigned as chairman of the Pearsall Jewelry Company and active

Indian committee and to the summer in the little theater movement at the recreation department. University of Utah. He is a member of

finance building the Bonneville Stake THE IMPROVEMENT ERA B. born Jensen, in Midway, Rva of the committee. member *"* A former graduated Utah, from Brigham was $2.50 the 12 issues to assigned general board, he is University taught school and Young

for one year prior to her marriage to drama committee. Foreign subscriptions $3.00

(Concluded on page 424) (Continued on page 422)

JULY 1949 421 YOUNG MEN'S BOARD (Continued from page 421 ber of the first recreational committee of the Alpine Stake, and served as a member of the stake M.I.A. superinCome Staketendency.was organized,When thehe wasTimpanogossustained

And Be asUponstakehis release,superintendenthe was calledof Mutuals.to the

stake high council where he acted as

Comfortable supervisor of the M.I.A. program and

the high priests'quorum.

In the hot summer months He is married and has one son and we get our greatest pleasure two foster children. He is assigned to

this from hotel business. We the M Men committee. itl love to love the see We STANLEY RUSSON CLARK N. STOHL

relief the on of faces weary new arrivals when they step lark N. Stohl is a native of Brig- f* erald G. Smith, the son of the late

into of one our comfortable, Nicholas Florence Smith G. and City but ham reared in Salt was airconditioned rooms. We childeight his of spent Smith, years City Lake the attended and University enjoy seeing them so happy

his in parents Africa while South in of Utah, our cool and Coffee George Shop. Washington and hood We

love our hotel's summer the American University at Washingpresided over that mission. He is a

comfort. You'll love it. tool ton, D.C. He has been active in ward, graduate of the old L.D.S. College in

stake, or general M.I.A. board affairs Salt Lake City, and of the University

since 1940 in Utah and California. He of Utah, having played basketball at

Hotel is United States Civil Service inspector both institutions. He also studied at

for Utah. He has been assigned to the George Washington University, WashTemple Square Explorer committee. ington, D. C.

Clarence L. West, Mar. He is a former M.I.A. superintendent

TT7ill B. Gillespie is a native of Salt of the Salt Lake City Seventeenth

VV Lake City and attended the L.D.S. Ward. He served in the presidency

College and the University of Utah. of the Washington, D. C, district

He is widely known as a softball and of the Eastern States Mission for three basketball player, having been a memyears, and was a high council member of M Men basketball teams from ber of the Washington Stake when it the Twentyeighth and the Parley's was first organized. For the past six

wards in Salt Lake City, and of several years he has been a member of the softball teams in the city softball Hollywood Ward, Los Angeles Stake, league. He is assistant manager of the where he has coached M Men basketSalt Lake City branch of Armour and ball, taught Sunday School, and been

Co. Elder Gillespie will be in charge active in working with the adult memof the Churchwide elders'softball bers of the Aaronic Priesthood.

tournament, and is a member of the He is married and has three children.

athletic committee. They are now living in Salt Lake City.

He is married and has a son and Elder Smith is assigned to the athletic two daughters. committee.... tie #/DE

... tie PMCE

AND YOU'LL

There are no lower fares! WILL B. GILLESPIE ADOLPHUS P. WARNICK GERALD G. SMITH W. HAROLD HANDLEY

TT7 Harold Handley, a member of

Only by Greyhound can you A dolphus P. Warnick, principal of * the faculty of the Weber (Ogsee so much for so little! Ask Lincoln High School at Orem, den, Utah) Junior College, brings to

your Overland Greyhound Agent Utah, has spent a good part of his the general board the experience of to plan your vacation for you. life in the cause of youth. He is a scouter, high councilman, and bishop,

He can make your reservations graduate of the Utah State Agriculgained in the areas where his teacher's for sightseeing and hotels in adtural College and has done graduate profession has taken him. He has

vance. work at Brigham Young University, served as scoutmaster, district commis-

V E R L ft N c the University of California, and the sioner, and camp director in the Cache

California. University of Southern Council, of Valley AmeriScouts Boy GREYH OUND superintendent a of former He is ca, training the of chairman as and

Operated by INTERSTATE LINES TRANSIT in the of north Mutual Manila Ward, the in Council. committee Ogden Area PACIFIC and UNION STAGES, INC.

Pleasant Grove, Utah, and was a mem- (Concluded on page 424) 422 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.!

is in Order.. AChange

Change to 0ILPIATIN6-!

A Winner!... Stay ahead of

engine wear by OilPlating with Conoco N*h Motor after Oil. The Gentle Starting! Even J% exclusive additive is in Conoco still all night, OilPlating... N th wrfJ JL standing

holds an extra shield of lubricant Vs* up there on the cylinders. It can't all

right to the moving parts Oil- %*% drain down! No grinding "dryfriction"

Plates them against wear. starts with OilPlating!

Lasting Power!... Another additive

in Conoco N th protects your engine against sludge and carbon. Preserve that

newcar power with Conoco Nth.

Longer Life!... An OilPlated engine

means more miles between repairs—peak

best tion—forperformance year after year. So, for protecpower—for performance—your

Oil. buy is Conoco N th Motor

OilPlate today at your Conoco Mileage Merchant's Copyright 1949, Continental Oil Company

JULY 1949 423 Young Men's Board (Continued from page 422) He attended the National Training

School for Scout Executives and gradINDISPENSABLE BOOKS uated in 1937. He has been a member

of the high council of the Mt. Ogden For Every Reading Family

Stake and bishop of the Ogden Twenty-third received his docWard. He in the Church tor's degree Stanford from University, California, in June.

INTERESTING! EDUCATIONAL! INFORMATIVE! He has been assigned to the Ex-

[ plorer committee.

THE AMERICAS Young Women's Board {Concluded from page 421) BEFORE COLUMBUS Jay C. Jensen in 1914. When they

By DEWEY FARNSWORTH moved to Salt Lake, Mrs. Jensen was

active in the Religion Class, Primary, in the making History president of the and then became graphic a drama of a. golden.. filledempirewith that existed twentyfive hundred years J - QQ Y.W.M.I.A. of Highland Park Ward.

ago. Twentythree research years and in counselor the stake She a became

study early of the American peoples presidency the of Stake, Highland and this interesting edumake and volume later cational. position president, stake she 5 was a

held at the time her husband was called to head the Japanese Mission in the

Islands 1940 to 1943. Hawaiian from R. By MILTON HUNTER OF GEMS THOUGHT of about her husband Upon the death have received Few books quickly. so Contains those such wide acceptance

beautiful and inspiring passages of our General Authorities from the 00 six weeks after their return from the "Deseret News,""Improvement Era"and conference reports. $| mission, Sister Jensen became a member

of the Relief Society stake board of

THE HISTORICAL BACKGROUND OF twoHighlandsons andStake.a daughter.She is theMrs.motherJensenof

THE DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS has been assigned to the Special InterBy E. CECIL McGAVIN est department.

Beneficial... enlightening! A new edition that meets a definite need

by presenting the reasons for the various revelations... makes the

Doctrine and Covenants a living and throbbing book of scripture. Should '200 library. be in every

HIS FOURTH BOOK Now Richard L. EVA B. JENSEN MERLE P. POULSON

KRS. Merle Peterson Poulson was Evans *** born in Scipio, Utah, and attended

Continues His school at Snow College from which she was graduated prior to her mar- "SPOKEN WORD"series with riage to Merritt L. Poulson, in the

Manti Temple in 1919. In Manti she

years husband her three was when AT THIS SAME HOUR served as Relief Society president for activity has been of her bishop. Most

Another compilation of the remarkable "sermonettes"in the Mutual, however, for she has that are heard each Sunday with the worldfamous served as ward president of Oasis, of

Tabernacle Choir and Organ radio program. Get Scipio, as a member of the Millard

this book for your spiritual comfort... turn to one Stake Y.W.M.I.A. board for Eve

of the multitude of brief inspiring messages for help years, and was one of the first Bee each day. Keepers to receive her sustained work

in that department. She has also been

an ordained temple worker in both the

Salt temples. the and For Lake Manti SPECIAL NOTICE TO FULLTIME MISSIONARIES years, her while has husband the past Write tor listing of books privileges and special discount School, teaching at High Bingham been

Mrs. Poulson has been Gleaner leader

in the Twelfth Ward, Salt Lake City.

She is the mother of two children, a son and an adopted daughter. She has BOOKCRAFT1186 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAH been assigned to the Gleaner department.

424 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA OLIVER Cletrac

'*. the allroundfarm tractor

Profit from better farming practices depends a lot on the versatility of your tractor... and the variety of equipment

it can handle efficiently. An Oliver "Cletrac"crawler gives

you extra traction, stability and pull for the yearround job of crop care, doing daily chores and saving your topsoil.

The Oliver "Cletrac"teams with dozer, loader, terracer and similar allied tools to carry out your own soilbuilding program... economically. Yes, Oliver "Cletracs"are allround

tractors, made specifically for the farm. For example, the

husky, nimble 2-plow Model "HG"is available in four tread widths to meet your exact needs.

It will pay you to get all the facts on these allweather, f;>"*"allpurpose Oliver "Cletracs,"plus the many auxiliary units

and wide range of frontmounted and pullbehind Oliver farm implements that fit them. See your Oliver dealer—or write for

complete information to:

The OLIVER Corporation 400 West Madison Street, Chicago 6, Illinois

OLIVER "FINEST IN FARM MACHINERY'* BRANCHES:MOUNTAINOGDEN and TREM0NT0N, STATESUTAH; PRESTON, BLACKF00T,IMPLEMENTIDAHO FALLS, SHELLEY,COMPANYTWIN FALLS, BUHL, RUPERT,

and REXBURG, IDAHO JULY 1949 425

ti Coonunue

our

ucauontu at your OQUIRRH STAKE HONOR GLEANERS

Back row: Joan Brown, Naomi Openshaw, Elaine Talbot, La Vee Alldredge, Donna Nye. Front row:

Helen Brown, Joey Sadler, Lois G. Beck, Patricia Burris, Ada May Beck, Cleo Kunz.

Church University where Sound Academic JL is %, HONOR Instruction

Balanced with Character Training GLEANERS ''lake your application early Dm HJaroa U. dodepkdon SEPTEMBER 21, 22, 23, 24

ASSOCIATE EDITOR Orientation and Placement Tests for All Freshmen and Sophomores ( Salt Lake Coun- 6. Attendance requirement—Registering at BYU for the First Oquirrh Stake

Time ty) Y.W.M.I.A. employs a twentytwo class periods

SEPTEMBER 26, 27 most unusual plan for further- 7. Activity (divided into seven

Registration for All Students ing Gleaner activity. The plan desections

veloped because the stake boards a. Banquets ( ward or stake as

SEPTEMBER 28 were not satisfied with results that assistant on one committee

Class Instruction Begins were being obtained from the selec- b. Firesides (chairman of one

tion of queens; they knew the disfireside committee)

Write For Your Catalogue To appointment and heartache that had c. Special parties (assist with

The Y Press accompanied this practice and realone committee of not more

BRIGHAM YOUNG theized opportunitythat all of theofgirlsrecognitionshould havefor d. thanAssembliesthree members)(participate

UNIVERSITY their achievements. once)

( attend PROVO, UTAH The new plan, which was inaug- e. Sacrament meetings

urated in 1 943, bestows honor on all at least two a month f. Participation in two: Gold girls who have earned it—regardless of how many there might be. and Green Ball, play, choThose who achieve are called Honrus, speech festival

or Gleaners, and interestingly g. Gleaner Girl class period

enough, most of these Honor Glean- (fill two assignments)

THE ARTIST OF ORGANS -THE ORGAN OF ARTISTS ers likewise become Golden Glean- 8. Read the reading course inHAGERSTOWN, MARYLAND ers. The application and record dividually

THE NEW sheet which is used lists eight divisions for achievement: In order to recognize these girls

Pipe Organ"(fadi&ijL'who have qualified as Honor Gleaners, at given a ball is which they 1. Living the Gleaner Code

Will complement beautify and the service certificate presented a with and 2. into Attitude (divided three are of your Church

Direct factory delivered costs $3,740 to sections: class, home, ward) with some other award such as a

$4,155 corsage or a book.

For complete details, write 3. Dependability This program has been a great

4. Cooperation motivator for activity not only in EUGENE E. POOLE 5. Abstinence from liquor and the Mutual but also in the Church235 Central Building Seattle

tobacco ( Concluded on page 472

TIMPANOGOS

vJju Cva WilleS Wanadaaara

Legend

I muse upon a hillside redolent

Of purpling grape and sunrouged pear and peach, While storied ages penetrate content

And stir my spirit, heart, and mind to reach For meanings in an Indian maiden's bed Above this valley which she died to saveBeneath the northern star her sculptured head,

Against the sky the lips denied her brave.

Her heart rests in a crypt beneath her bier, Through slow years into lucent calcite formed.

Great waves that broke like thunder—Photograph, by Biddulph Studios

on her ear Have shrunk to these blue ripples sunlightwarmed

And freed the hills for fruited tree and vine

Her life, her death, not hers alone but mine.

eighted with weariness and dustyrobed w

Long miles, vermilioncliffed, from Santa Fe squatted near this shore and probed Escalante A padre A chieftain's mind. His dream of Monterey,

Brought nearer by this trek, was growing dim

As savages harangued of deserts strange

And white with bitter crystals, with a rim

That grew from purple hillocks to a range

High as eternity and deep with snow.

He faced his men and gauged with ear and eye

Discouragement, supplies already low,

And let decision hang upon a die.

They circled homeward. Destiny decreed

This valley wait for men of different breed.

A Mormon scout attained the Wasatch height

And scanned the valley—benchland, coulee, lake.

He caught his breath, eyes closed against the sight

Progress And blessed its beauty for his people's sake.

Dawn rose behind. The maiden's shadow floated

Upon the azure water deeper blue

Whitestriped with foam. A hermit thrush,

flutethroated, Stirred in a pine and sang his matins through.

L ong years to man are short to her who sleeps

Above this valley floor where he has plowed

The wildwheat meadowland and sagebrush steeps

For smoky towns and highways motorloud,

And still he reads her script upon the skies,

His back toward earth and heaven in his eyes.

JULY 1949 427.

WESTERN ECHOES SERVICEMAN'S GRADUATION WILD CANARIES

By John Sherman Walker By Bessie Saunders Spencer By Beatrice Munro Wilson

stately thing, step lovely beneath wraiths a rich of former years rise eerily V/'our 'T'he I saw a festoon Today lofty birds, eve's has music a jeweled transformed with * And Ten golden return—and sagesweet westering winds earth's plain Swung necklacelike against the string,sky.

revive And sullen hour. Hear in that measured

old myths... and memories... and strain The slender wire they rested on

echoes of The tempo for your life this scented June! Flashed silver once and then was gone

for eye! too bright In blue human will the of trail too magic prairie go soon the The gown down

this in of throes world For Hoofbeats—poundinginto you the the town; saw cowponies stomping at who things lovely And pain, rail: hitching smoothworn their fold forgot. wings That Joys Iweremembered conflagration rain, stayed crimson by And in streets the Footsteps sounding and—still, faith, by. wait upheld But by

lilactinted youth's could not have Who gathering in the plaza square; the singing stomp of moon.

... rowelspurred the of boots clomp

is forth to the heart moments when SUNDIAL Go miner's hobs tight,.., gliding the die tread of across walk Woolsey Maryhale By life's or enter prison bars escape To

... moccasins worldliness, their to love loathe or Of

... morning stride: plainsman's lengthy the and With might.

leisurely. of voices of houses from long again comes and come shadowsHum life's those face from There comes who fling the they town; the gently world waking Across sunset spars

.. soft guitar endlessly of stretches strumming. and that old an away path A toparents'oldas-mankind prayer The

... girl's everything! a so promises of much And night,

... laughter song; sweet a and low beloved, you, shrine reach "That your may... noon At cry; babe's hushed stars!"of against close the wall, creep shadows lilt lost lullaby. the of a

And each is brightly edged with dreamer's gold. foreverness brilliance, hints in poised SING A SONG OF CALICO Time, hold.. aspires and to have the heart Of all

By Dorothy J. Roberts

By evening...

Sing a song of calico, shadows go striding up the sky

For once our mothers wore it. With urgency in every purple ray;

Though fashion pare it down to "print,"Stricken, the heart regards inevitable night

We still hold and adore it. And wonders where was lost the long sweet

What fancies twined its figured length day.

On Mamma, looking homey of it, starchedIn aprons PRAYER FOR MEN AT and clean A kitchens, bigFor and roomy. TABLES CONFERENCE

"Tiearounds"and "bibs"she wore, By Floyd T. Wood

With strings in a measured bow.

small, all nations, great or of memoriesThe of "Ma"are wrapped God fall; of calico.In yards error not into them Let

Cast out the things that make them blind:

TWO KINDS OF FLOWERS ThatThefaithnarrowdishonors;soul, thewillnarrownot seemind

The peace of right that ought to be.

By John Nixon, Jr.

What matters shade of outer skin star may burst and shower cold white If souls are clean and white within?A fire UNDER WESTERN STARS Is strangeness, by its nature, wrong?

Upon the unsuspecting world below, Is justice only for the strong?

And for each spark one daisy of desire By Catherine E. Berry So as they gather to repair

May grow. split the sod and spread its leaves and THE winds blow hot, and the winds blow A frightened world, please, God, be there.

cold. raptureproof) also soul (not beingA

trails the are hard and And NEIGHBOR steep, OUR fall shining in fragments downMay the are nights desert lonely the And long H. Fryer By Lutie I lie sleep. to down When flowers of truth foster ofTunnel night—to

well the day heart remembers the friendly sky,Or loveliness or poetry or song. But so wide, so high,

neighbor away; moved nextdoor stars. twinkling Holds MY Our a million

PLASTIC TheAndairfreedomis fresh hasand nocleanbars.and sweet, AsEmotionsI recallfingerthat atfarewellmy throat.note,

By Dale Sttthern Though I like to roam, the trails are home; We'dAnd sharedneighboredeach other'swell forjoysthirtyandyearstears.

part west of me; is a The lifts a clean, crisp apron to theEarth

Its beauty and and peace east grandeur dwell HasI realizewellpreservedlove's deathlessour partingpower hour.

And scoops into its fold the pliant day, Deep in the heart of me. Her house assumed a vacant stare;

A day to fashion with her hands Its soul had gone; she was not there.

potter's clay. of wereAs if it a lump

plastic, yielding the takes ball; ODE TO A MOUNTAIN TheCicadasdaysanghad theirinchedeveningitself along;song.Earth

With patient fingers tries there to arrest By Camille C. Nuffer When lamps were lighted in the sky,

worthwhile intent thought TheA form—her

I* cannot think of a mountain fitly lest, fashion wisely, modelTo A crescentbreezesmoonechoedhungouringoodbye.the west.

Instead of pride, her mood shall be to vent * As a wall of rock and sod, And sorrow was my only guest.

Impatient scorn when, letting apron fall, To me it's a temple; A tree that hugged the roof with care,

She slides her work into the waiting west. Where I can be near God. Windshaken, seemed my grief to share.

428 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

OBEDIENCE TO LAW

5w lredident Ljeorae bribed >mlth

is the month in which we Nevertheless, when the wicked rule the people commemorate3hisagain the deeds of our patriots mourn.

and pioneers. soughtWherefore,for diligently,honest andmen goodand menwiseandmenwiseshouldmen yebe

It is pleasing to me as a member of the should observe to uphold; otherwise whatsoever is less

Church to know that our Heavenly Father is than these cometh of evil. (Ibid,, 8-10.)

interested in us in our government. and We In these days of confusion, when the free in are fortunate our having freedom. The

institutions of our assailed, are being country of well mind as as by good man is affected all it behooves us to consider seriously and evil influences, in the are by and there world those two powers that have been active from faithfully the benefits that will flow to us by the beginning. Knowing that we may be dihonoring and sustaining the government that was reared under the direction of our Heavrected by proper influences as members of

enly Father.

this great Church and as citizens of this wonare in a peculiar people many ways, We derful surely shall government, depart not we in this particularly and peculiar* are we We of from the counsel advice and our Heavenly

Father to follow those teachings that will believe that the Constitution of the United

States was inspired by our Heavenly Father, lead us to destruction.

Knowing that the Lord prepared this land and he has told us that he raised up the very men who should frame the Constitution of tne that it might be a haven of liberty for those who dwell here, and understanding that he United States. Knowing that, we should not

be led astray by the fallacies of individuals desires a continuation of those conditions whose selfishness inclines them to attack that that the builders of this republic fought for, we who are members of this Church ought, which our Heavenly Father has prepared for in every possible way, to assist in perpetuatthe people of this land.

ing that liberty which means so much for the In a very early day in the Church our peochildren of men. ple promulgated their attitude with reference

to the law of the the land and purpose of in Doctrine the find Covenants and We

It government. is found in the Doctrine and his said this to has people rethat Lord the

Covenants, section 134. garding the laws of the land: We still believe that there is only one

And now, verily I say unto you concerning the laws way whereby we may enjoy peace and hapof the land, it is my will that my people should obpiness, and that is by observing the constituthings whatsoever to serve do all I command them. tional law of our land, and by sustaining that

is constitutional, that of the land which law And supporting that principle of freedom in maintaining constitutional law that was inspired by our rights and privileges, belongs to all mankind, and is Heavenly Father at the inception of tnis great justifiable before me. government. So, as Latterday Saints in

Therefore, I, the Lord, justify you, and your breththese times of unrest, we may know that no befriending in ren of my church, that law which is man is a faithful member of this Church, in of constitutional the law the land;

And as pertaining to law of man, whatsoever is good standing, who refuses to sustain the more or less than this cometh of evil. (D. & C. 98: constitutional law of the land, and who lends

4-7.) himself in any way to break down that organized system of laws that has been preIn other words, if we fail to sustain the pared for the good of the community. The

constitutional law of the land, we have transLord directs that we seek after good men gressed the will of our Heavenly Father. and great men, and that we pray for and

I, the Lord God, make you free, therefore ye are sustain them in order that the laws that are free indeed; and the law also maketh you free. ( Concluded on page 477

JULY 1949 429 Part I recent discussion into which my

A colleague,and I enteredDr. withHugha CatholicNibley,

priest emphasized to me the necessity of the Latterday Saints'understanding the fundamental facts underlying Peter's confession contained in Matthew 16. The churchman with whom we conversed hammered constantly on the theme and

tried hard to convince us of the fact (as he supposed) of Peter's primacy and that of his successors.

Many of our young missionaries and elders have difficulty in meeting the arguments of a learned clergy concerning the subject; for this

reason alone it would be desirable to review certain fundamental aspects of the problem.

A very able discussion of Peter's confession and primacy from the point of view of the Church is to be found in Discourses III and VIII of Elder B. H. Roberts* The Falling Away. (Deseret Book Company, 1931.) The reader is advised

to read these excellent discourses in addition to the points brought out in this article.

When Jesus led his Apostles into the district of Caesarea Philippi, he suddenly asked them an unexpected question:"... Whom do men say

that I the Son of man am?"(Mat- A Palestinian City 'Photograph from Three Lion*

thew 16:13.) The question is given

as usually reported, but most editors of the Greek text omit the prohalf of the Twelve, not, I believe, because he was "I."safely assumenoun may We

the chief Apostle that the Savior of the need had no considered—whichby themwas \Jke

doubtful at the because time—but interrogation wasinformation—the I will this build rock Peter, and upon my filled his impetuous, ardent soul was follow it withmade so that he could hell shall of the gates not church; and

one of far greater significance: to the bursting point with convicprevail against it.

"... But whom say ye that I am?"tion concerning his Master. It And I will give unto thee the keys of

(Matthew 16:15.) The Apostles should be noticed that our Lord's the kingdom of heaven: and whatsoever

had seen him at close range for a question was directed to all of them. thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound in

long time and should have known "But whom say ye that I am?"heaven: and whatsoever thou shalt loose

him as no one outside their own (Italics author's.) Peter was best onthewearth16:1719.)shall be loosed in heaven. (Matlittle circle could have done. What prepared to answer first, which fact

was their innermost opinion of him? served the Savior's purposes to the This is the rendering of the

Did they have a satisfactory testigreatest advantage. The enthusiasSavior's words as found in the

mony concerning his great mission? tic Apostle declared: "Thou art the Authorized Version. It is this pasDid they understand who he really the Christ, the Son of the living sage, so warmly debated and so

was? These were allimportant God."(Matthew 16:16.) This grossly perverted, upon which the

questions, because only a short time great confession of Peter's fully satchurch during the Middle Ages 1 ofremained before our Lord was to be isfied the Christ—so much so, in built its dogma of the primacy

crucified. These humble followers fact, that our Lord blessed him in St. Peter. Dr. David Smith, in his

were the ones to carry on his work. his famous declaration: commentary on Matthew, speaks of

it difficult,Without them be would this inven- "medieval as a dogma.. art. Blessed thou, Barjona: Simon toindeed, carry the gospel message tion, to the Fathers Great unknown for flesh hath not revealed and blood to the world. the it of Church."(p. 299.) thee, is unto Father in heavWhy which but my

Simon Peter was the first to anen.

swer the Saviors question on beAnd I say also unto thee, that thou art versalSupremechurch.episcopal jurisdiction as ruler of a uni43f

was the dogma not pressed until particularly so when one remembers (3) Some believe the rock to be medieval times, if it were so importhe statement of Eusebius, the secJesus himself. This was the intertant? Why do the Apostolic Faretary of the Council of Nicea pretation of St. Jerome (A.D. 347thers* know nothing of it unless, (A.D. 325), concerning the place 419), and his views were adopted

perchance, it was not taught in early of Constantine as the head or preeventually by St. Augustine (A.D.

Christian times? To be sure, some siding bishop at the time. He says: 354387). Keep in mind that these

competent scholars point to certain Thus he [Constantine] dealt equally two men are considered among the early writings, such as those of with all. And he gave special attention to greatest doctors of the Roman

Clement to the Corinthians and the Church of God; for when the various Church. Why did they not believe

those of Ignatius of Antioch, as districts would disagree with each other that Peter was the rock? Martin

evidence, f am frank to say, howon matters, he, as if he were some sort of Luther of Protestant fame also folbishop [universal koinos] common aplowed this view. ever, that after reading these writconfer- pointed by God, would summon

ings many times, as well as those of ences [or synods] of the servants of God. (4) Others consider it to be

the other Apostolic Fathers, I see And he did not disdain to sit in the midst Peter's confession of faith. This

no compelling evidence that points of these councils and share their deliberaview is widely held among Protesto the Primacy of Rome. ( See, for tions, as a bishop among bishops, acting as tants.

example, Father James A. Kleist, concerninguniversal umpirethe peace[or ofarbiter]God.* in matters (5) The view consistently held

The Epistles of St. Clement of by Latterday Saints has been that

Rome and St. Ignatius of Antioch Strange, but the Bishop of Rome, the "rock"is the principle of revelain the Ancient Christian Writers or rather his representative, shows tion. "... flesh and blood hath not

series. The Newman Bookshop, no primacy at this important meetrevealed it unto thee, but my Father

Westminster, Maryland. ) The eviing! Why? Obviously because it... and upon this rock [principle of

dence adduced by some churchmen was not acknowledged at the time. revelation] I will build my church;

can, without forcing, be simply ex-..."(Matthew 16:1718. Italics

plained in other ways. Father Kleist 'M'ow let us get back to a direct author's.) The Prophet Joseph

points out that in Clement's letter consideration of our Savior's Smith expressed our view very conto the Corinthians, some students declaration to Peter in Matthew cisely on one occasion when he said:

al16:1719. has an been There to are "actual"see proof that prone

... in his teachings says, Jesus "Upon the endless dispute most as to meanat that early date even (A.D. 96) this I will build rock the Church, and my of the Lord's Following words. as ing the of Bishop hell gates of shall was regarded it."Rome prevail not against

head of the universal church. Nevare the chief lines of interpretation What rock? Revelation. (Documentary

ertheless, he is careful to explain which have been followed in exHistory of the Church, V, 258.)

planation the "rock"of which upon is explicit that expression there "no In the sermon the from which built: the should be Church letter in the of the of the primacy above statement extracted are was

) fathe Origen, early church ( 1 is of neither there bishop yet Rome, a points the few more by made ther (born held about 185), A.D. it in this clash to with anything be- I Prophet to which quote: wish that the the Christ rock which upon lief."{Ibid., Introduction, F. p. 4.)

would build his Church was truly Whenever there has been a righteous earth unto on his man revealed God whom this Peter, is important but—and word and gave authority and to power alone. Peter, and, not Peter It was

in his administer is there and name, where in join besides, all who should priest his a minister has powwho of God—a

confession. ardent sup- "But if you er authority and from to administer God

in the of ordinanceseanint Of officiate the gospel and in the priesthood of God, there is the kingdom of God;... Where there is no kingdom of God there is no salvation. What

constitutes the kingdom of God? Where PETER'S CONFESSION there is a prophet, a priest, or a righteous

man unta whom God gives his oracles, there is the kingdom of God; and where

the oracles of God are not, there the kingDIRECTOR OF RELIGIOUS INSTRUCTION dom of God is not. (Ibid., pp. 256257.)

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY These statements together make clear the position of Latterday

Cayre also admits that there is no pose that upon one Peter only the Saints relative to churches which do not claim the gift of inspiration or direct teaching of Rome's primacy whole Church is built by God, what the endowment of revelation.

in Clement's epistle, but holds that would you say about John, the son the whole epistle is an "implicit of thunder, or each one of the AposIany Latterday Saints believe manifestation"of it. {Manual of tles?"

little that said Smith Joseph or Patrology History and of Theology, Catholic today Church The (2) nothing bearing the more "rock"on translation Howitt, I, 59, H. by 60.) regards as Peter the foundation

is of revelation than what quoted statements are anything but Such stone the in on rests church which

I shall above. show, however, now critical to the convincing mind unique a sense. special very and the that did reveal Prophet some-

-l use as the term understood authoritative by writers. Catholic Apostolic Fathers were The writer* "Eusebius, Vita Constantini I. -H (Patrologle thing of great importance to us which

who, have beenif notacquaintedApostles themselves,with them orwerewithsupposedtheir imto Grecqueleague. Dr.XX, Hugh95760).Nibley,I amfor indebtedthis referenceto my coland reflects considerable light upon the

mediate disciples. translation. (Continued on page 471

JULY 1949 431 in girls of the one of dreams every person you mating instinctEvery is starry with implanted, the time eyes to the according when and and beating heart you may afLord's purpose for marriage, the firm your affection for the man of man and woman are brought toyour choice. gether in a union which is bound by

Love of man for woman and the ties of true love and confidence.

woman for man is the tenderest of In wedlock these two people find all human emotions, a gift of God fulfilment of great Godgiven powto us, his children. On its fruition ers of reproduction, through which

depends the continuation of the physicial bodies are found for the human race on this earth. Its sustainspirit children of our Heavenly Faing power, its refining grace, its inther. Deep in your hearts is the

spiration to high and noble accomdesire for motherhood. You brought

plishment in the lives of men and it with you from the spirit world women make life sweet and purwhere you knew with what eagerposeful, worth the living. To love ness and longing spirits await morsomeone completely is a thrilling extality.

perience and brings into action the best within us. It is the cornerstone '"Phe choosing of a partner in marof sterling character. riage is a serious affair. In fact,

To arrive at this happy status is one of the most important decisions the grave responsibility of youth. Of you will ever make is whom to marprimary concern to you girls as you ry. And the beautiful privilege of

move among people is your undertemple marriage reminds you that standing of this relationship and you are constituted to live and love, what it really means. Perhaps you not only in this life but also throughhave been wondering about some out the eternities to come. Our

of its functions. Heavenly Father has revealed these

glorious truths to us through his Sex concerns the intimate assoservants, the prophets. It would oulnalu

ciation of man and woman. It is a be most foolish for you to disregard

thing of goodness and beauty. The their significance in your choosing.

is it so. ItLord made not meant By lima W. to How to choose your mate sucevil Its fulfilmentbe or vulgar. begins with courtship, then follows cessfully is. your problem, your

marital union, reproduction, and challenge. Every girl longs to be your ability to give him the kind of

joyous family life. beautiful, attractive, wanted, sought home he has a right to expect.

after by young men. would She association Boygirl is desirable. have been taught You girls in our have fun. dates and many much She It is nature's the way of bringing "..Church:. marriage is ordained

personalhave a "marvelous"would right the right girl togethboy andof 49: unto man."(D. God & C. mourns ity and when she has no er. Parents'is responsibility to see It is not a social cus- 1 5. ) merely

dates. techto dating develop How it that to protection adequate as into into thoughtlesstom be entered

is If nique everpresent query. an the dicated age experience by andly, lark, for recklessly, a or to secure

alert, are consider you will you is the of provided. people young ticket, at the put asidea meal to be frankly the of intimate problems filled with Even though many either or of both contractingwhim courtship marriage and and decide the period of courtship problemsparties serious considerawithout

that there certain early are rules and be should time It is a a happy time. it istion; contract rather a solemn

that it's to observe smart standards of friendships sexes. with both many into maintained respected be and

as against others. No two personalities are alike, anddignity throughout time and eternity. Your aim is high. It is to be hapeveryone with whom you associate

pily, successfully married to a man contributes something to your menDuring the years of your infancy whose name you will be proud to tal attitude, moral integrity, social and early childhood your father and own; one who will love and cherish grace, and spiritual poise. It is immother were responsible for your you, who will be a real companion portant that you develop a wellactions. growing you are Now up to to the children you personality. and hope balanced obyou you As the claiming increasingly areand to will bear; inviolate one retain keep to serve others, who you will wish

decisions.right to your make own his marriage with the refuse the vows you made and bad you good

is free right of yours. agencyThe in a holy temple, in the and who, see them. by

all to the people given byIt was right of the of Priesthood Holy association Such wide with many are parents anxFather, your and will holds, which will protect he people disGod enable to you be that hopingiously watching and guide his bless and and in wife criminating and choice your and you will acquire sufficient knowchildren. In this choice your heart fords excellent opportunity for youafledge and wisdom to choose wisely will speak, but you must be guided to find your complement: the one

your friends and your course in life. by prayer and a knowledge of your whom you will love and marry.

The mating of man and woman is boy friend's character and integrity. Genuine friendship is built upon the

according to the divine plan. Deep You must be equally concerned with basis of common ideals, considera432 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

al interest, and, of course, you will ings, desires, aspirations, appreciations, and want to know what his favorites inof temperament. It must weigh spiritual

clude. The world is full of wondermoreical gratificationsthan physical requirevalues. noneThe sheerof thephysin-

ful happenings. Let's list a few dividuality needed for true mating. Physithings you might talk about: cal gratification can be given and received,

Sports—Your own school, nation, and asbesta rule,marriagesby anybodyare notandbeguneverybody.becauseTheof

world.Music—NewThese mayschoolbe hissong,speciallatestinterests.popular physicalriages thatattractionend in failurealone. doButbeginmanyin marjust

song, school opera, favorite album of rethis poorer way. Petting is likely to lead

cordings.School—Play, dance recital, favorite tomerelysuch physicalmismatingurgesby andoverstimulatingblinding one theto

teacher, art exhibit, a capella chorus, prom, the more essential personal qualities and square dancing, recent debate, track meet. the more subtle harmonies which are reBundles for Europe—Your mother required for a lifelong companionship and

ceived a lovely plate from a lady in Holenduring happiness. They must be cultiland in appreciation of a parcel. vated and developed in friendships and

Best movie—Academy award companionships in the years of the teens

Church—John's talk last Sunday—he set when love is developing from bud to bloom.

me thinking. His priesthood activities, lesAnd they are not to be cultivated by

sonScience—somein Sunday Schoolof theclasswonderful new dispromiscuousSignificance ofpetting.Sex and[Thethe SeventhMeaningCom'and

coveries mandment, by W. W. Henderson, Ph.D.)

Books—New and old books you love

Family—Chicken fry in the back yard Frequently petting becomes the

Ait travel—Automobiles, world peace, road to unpopularity and disapEnglish themes, etc., etc., etc. pointment.

—Photograph by Harold M. Lambert How many of these subjects In the beginning those who pet

could you discuss interestingly? It's may have no desire to do anything

best you brush up a little. It is an sinful, but as time passes, they may

)> achievement to be a good conversabe swept into practices which will chastity. You may be thinking, "I l/JouM tionalist,that you bebuta itgoodis equallylistener.importantWhen find them guilty of the sin of untalk begins to run low, go home. would never go that far; I would

know when to stop."To this let me

Ljoddard say, no one knows his strength. You

HThe question of petting will unare forgetting that under the intoxidoubtedly come up. "Shall I kiss cation of passion the will may be

tion, and respect for each other; him goodnight?"is among the first overpowered, and desire become the

from friendship to courtship to marof your queries. Where do you master. The Lord, of course, knew

riage is a desirable sequence. stand on this matter? Many young this and said, "Go ye not in the way

men and girls pet. I use the term of temptation, lest ye enter into sin."

jb is not merely to get mar- "petting"to refer to any form of "Learn to say no. In that word is YOURried; it is to find your mate. caressing between boy and girl, man summed up more that makes for sucDates are usually great fun for both and woman. Some of the girls say cess in life than in all other words

the boy and the girl. Both have a that boys expect and want it, and of your vocabulary."Know how to

responsibility. As the lady partner, some boys feel the same about girls. use it wisely in the right place.

what is your responsibility? BeThese obviously are not the main

sides being ready when he arrives, reasons. To shrug your shoulders ""The high divorce rate even in our

flippantly say and "everybody does will you be attractively and approis appalling. country own Ausettle question. will not the priately dressed (not neccesarily exit"The thorities this subject on one say that

pensively), well groomed, friendly, dangers of petting are perhaps not of the commonest reasons for this courteous. It would be smart to have evident to young people because the condition is emotional instability.

something in mind to talk about. hazards of such practice are obBecause of petting practices during

Why not be clever in repartee? scured by the momentary pleasure. courtship they come to marriage

talk, small atsome Know pay due is unstable. espeThis Petting correctly defined be as emotionally may tention escort; to your but, immost incially true of so have girls who with play urges the sex stimulate which

portant of all, it will be your responthe reproductive tendencies.... To tamper dulged. "Overstimulated and

sibility to help keep the date clean. with these urges is playing with fire.... wrongly stimulated girls who have

What to talk about on a date Love's impulses lie close to the surface. It indulged in petting find it difficult to

does not require physical to abandonment your worry. may be younger You relations, sex respond to normal and fires, expression to reveal hidden sense to girls very do the well with other satisfaction of their chances and of the personality, to the magnetism and

girls, but somehow on a date you discover natures that are attuned to one compatibility in marriage are very run out of things to say. Well, so another. Indeed it is such abandonment that poor indeed."("Case for Chastity"

first tends to blind at discrimione against girls. millions have of other Only Banning.) Culkin Margaret

in nation the personal higher in by values and with it mustn't you for very happen is has a Chastity law of God. He to the disillusionment end bring and misery long because to you be want popuwill said peothat have a clean he Intelligent to both. choice of a must mate

lar. So why don't all of you give a look not only to mutual physical attracple. Sexual impurity is a deadly

little thought to some items of mutution but more so to harmony of tastes, feel- {Continued on page 467)

JULY 1949 433 THE SOCIAL SECURITY ACT

1 945, 7.2 percent of the Amerifor themselves beginning in 1976.

sixtyfive can people over wereIn professors, If university supwith of age, ability a total years of 9,920,000 trained Of 1935 posedly minds and individuals—nearly ten million. In foresee, have such difficulty, whatto

1860 only 2.7 percent of the nation @3y (j. J4omer IDurkam, f-n.lD. of the millions of hourly wagewere over sixtyfive, a total of HEAD OF POLITICAL SCIENCE DEPARTMENT earners with large families, who

860,000. With life expectancy risUNIVERSITY OF UTAH also, under existing industrial pracing and the birth rate declining, it tice, are to be replaced by younger

is estimated that by 1980 as many men when they reach sixtyfive? It

as one person in eight may fall in Part VI is a problem of national significance.

the over sixty group. If we have No longer can the old folk retire on

165,000,000 population then, as preTHE CHURCH their farms, oversee the crops, dicted, there 20,000,000 will be ple in this "old age"group. modern peoAND MODERN SOCIETY sheds,John andandWill,livestock,their brawnywhile sturdysons,

Most of these people are city dwellperform the "heavies"and produce ers. Most will be dependent upon 1976 he will be discharged from his the livelihood. Today's old folk, in

"jobs"in industry, at hourly wages present employment. If he lives an many cases, retire from the mill, the

and weekly pay checks. ( There are additional twenty years thereafter, plant, or the factory, go home with

about six million farms, one and as some of his ancestral inheritance their last week's wages to their onehalf million individually operindicates, he must seek new employrented apartment, face the milk bill, ated businesses in the United States, ment at age sixtyfive or in the the paper bill, the grocery bill, and and several million professional peomeantime save sufficient for himself the rent in a cash, not an agriculple. The rest are employed by a and wife in their "old age."Their tural barter, economy. Our educanumber of large corporate estabchildren, not being farmers, will also tional system, our society in general,

lishments. ) Can a young couple probably be salaried or wagework- has a fundamental task in orienting

aged thirtyfive in 1950, support ers. And based on their own expean urban, industrial generation in

themselves, buy a cottage, raise rience, the parents will not permit ways unknown to their fathers, and their children, educate them, and, themselves to be a burden on their preparing for the future—not on an

in addition, save enough so that by children in 1976. So they must Iowa, or Nebraska, or Vermont

1980, aged sixtyfive, they can mainsomehow assure some independence farm, but in the mill towns of Pittstain existence after burgh, Gary, Chi- e e

f n what Americans work for tlh r?m "SEES M"a

inFork 'employment? Based On Personal Income 1948dustry, prudence,

and thrift are the Tt is this situation, pioneer virtues. among other

Can a little be considerations, saved each week? that commanded

Or do the chilthe attention of dren's shoes, the economists and sodoctor, the dentist, cial workers for the new used car, several decades, the new washer, culminating in a eat up the "marnational study in gin"over subsist1934 by the Presience? It is largely, dent's committee

one might say, an on economic secuindividual probrity, by the nationlem. This writer is al resources comacquainted with a mittee, and by the

university profesBrookings Instisor who has not tute. In the meanyet been able to time private busilaunch such a savnesses in depresings program, exsion years suscept as withheld pended company

from salary for a retirement sysretirement protems, and in some gram required by state law. After 250 DAYS = 1 WORK YEAR GRAPHIC SYNDICATE (Continuedpage 469)on

434 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IV should he leave, he would be running away from duty. So he spent haere mae oe,"Addison said MISSION the next few days in prayer and

"A toing,thehe native.climbed Understandover the rail inconsultationwriting letterswith home.his brethrenAnd whenand

and jumped on deck. the Timoleon hoisted sail and From the man the captain learned TO headed northward a few days later,

that there were provisions and to Addison was waving farewell from spare on the island, so he ordered the shore.

the crew to lower two boats and Addison found that in additionprepare for going ashore. The naPOLYNESIA to the tropical fruits which were

tives in their canoe piloted the boats growing in wild abundance on the through a passage in the coral reef island, there was also a good supwhich encircled the island. Noah The Story of Addison Pratt ply of pigs and chickens. On

Rogers accompanied the captain in the marshes were to be found the lead boat, and was the first LatAnd The myriads of wild ducks. In the woods

terday Saint missionary to stand on were wild hens, and in the mounan island in the Pacific. Society Islands Mission tains the cliffs were alive with wild

The party stayed on shore all goats. Fish of every description

night, and next morning the boats abounded in the sea. Here, it seems,

returned to the ship, loaded with he had truly found a Pacific island paradise.hogs, hens, coconuts, pineapple, (& <Jjoule o(. Ljvreen

plantains, bananas, yams, taro, papayas, oranges, breadfruit, and ASS'T MANAGING EDITOR VTow to settle down to the serious lemons. Imagine the effect the business of opening a mission

sight of all this food had upon the and teaching the gospel to a people crew and passengers of the Timourge him to stay and preach the whom he had long thought must be /eon, who had been shut up on that gospel to them. At first Addison of the blood of Israel. Surely these

tiny vessel for seven months! could not be reconciled to remaining Polynesians were relatives of the

The boats were duly unloaded alone on this small parcel of land, Indians in America, descendants of and when they returned to shore, but he could not put out of his mind father Lehi, whom the Lord saved

Addison and Brother Grouard went his experience of being awakened from destruction in Jerusalem.

with them. And when the natives by the sensation in his hand and At the village of Mataura he also

on the island, hungry for the word how that feeling had returned when found six Americans who had come of the Lord, found that this missionhe shook hands with the native who to the island to build a schooner.

ary, "Paraita"(Pratt) could make came aboard the ship. So he sought With these men he could converse,

himself understood in some degree the Lord in prayer, and was so imand to them he could preach the gosbecause of his knowledge of the pressed that he should stay on the pel. He soon found, however, that his

Hawaiian dialect, they began to island that he was convinced that (Continued on page 436)

JULY 1949 435 meager knowledge of the Hawaiian he replied that he had just found it teach the gospel. He passed up no

dialect was probably more of a in the bottom of a sea chest, where opportunity of preaching to the pashandicap than a help in aiding him it had lain for so long that he had sengers and crew of every vessel learn Tahitian. The Tahitian alforgotten he had it. which stopped at the island.

phabet, he found, consisted of only Even in the mission field the sayfive vowels and eight ing of Addison's C\N one occasion, a nativebuilt consonants, and congrandmother, "A dog schooner, owned and sailed by tained none of the and a gun are the a Mr. Foster, an American living on

harsh sounds which Mission regalia of the Pratts,"the island of Ohetaroa, stopped at are commonly assostill held true. To Tubuai for water. Mr. Foster had

ciated with Polyrelax, as well as heard about the Church from the nesian dialects: the To to help provide food missionaries on Tahiti, and asked

"g,"the "k,"and the for himself, Addison for a copy of the Book of Mormon.

throaty "gn."These Polynesia would take the "fowlSeeing the man's interest, Addison

consonants, he ing piece"lent him gave him the book, and invited him learned, seemed to {Continued from page 435) by his newlymade to bring his crew on shore. That

have been dropped American friends, evening Addison talked to them for from the dialect and and go hunting for two hours on the first principles of a break or rough acducks, or hens, or the gospel. Inviting them back the

cent ( French cou de glotte ) adopted goats. Ofttimes he would go out at

in their place. Many long hours daylight or in the evening to engage

each day he spent in listening to the in this sport which he had enjoyed natives talk, and in trying to profrom his boyhood days, and return nounce words which he wrote down with several ducks, or hens, or both, with his pen as he understood them. Goat hunts required more time, and,

Construction, too, was difficult, and of course, were much less frequent.

all in all he soon discovered that his A typical entry in his diary is:

native English had practically nothJune 15: Towards evening I went out

ing in common with Tahitian. with Mr. Hill after wild ducks. I killed

But although he could not talk three at the first shot. Killed twenty bemuch with the natives, they adopted tween us.

as theirhim own, setting him up in ship captain the name by Aa small, comfortable grass house, of a Addison McLain had given near the home of King Tomatoa.

And although they ate with their young dog which he had brought from the Tuamotu Islands, and this fingers while sitting on the ground, animal accompanied Addison on histhey a table prepared bench, and a hunting trips. More than that, he

plate,a a fork, a knife, their for and was with Addison almost everymissionary. Food was brought daily where he went and often lay by his

by various families. The king himfeet while he was teaching a class

self contributed a highposter bed or preaching the gospel.

equipped with a netting to keep Although Addison could not im-—Photograph by Ralph R. Taylor

the everpresent, bloodhun-away mediately teach the gospel directly Womenstyle dresses,of modernglassTubuai.windows,Noteandthecurtains.Europeangry mosquitoes.

to the natives, he soon found that the Americans at Mataura were Immediately Addison began atglad to act as interpreters. So, on next evening, he spent another two

tending a school which was being Sunday he would hold at least one hours speaking on the apostasy, the taught by one of the natives. Here service for the Englishspeaking gathering, and the Book of Morhe gathered all the information he people and one or more for the namon.

could in regard to the language, tives. Most of his evenings were On June 8, 1844, after Addison

both from the classes and from the spent in discussing the gospel, as had been on the island for six teacher. After a time he commenced were his daytime hours in between weeks, he recorded in his diary that

a class in English, hoping to teach his studies and classes. he was finding much excitement

the students to read, write, and When the call of tero (meaning among the white people about the speak the English language. Great that a ship had been sighted) things he had been teaching them;

were the difficulties he encountered sounded around the village, several especially on the subject of salvaat the outset because of the lack of questions streamed through Addition. Now, during their labors on

books. But his own study of Tason's mind. Was the ship from the schooner, most of their conhitian and his teaching of English America, and would it bring him versation was directed to the subreceived a great boost when, on news from his family and the ject of religion. This was almost

July 1 1, King Tomatoa gave him a Church? Was it from Tahiti and more than Addison had hoped for,

pamphlet which turned out to be a would he hear from Elders Grouard as these persons were rough and small EnglishTahitian grammar. and Rogers? Would he be able to tough men of the sea, the type of

When Addison asked the king why send mail on it? Always he wonmen who are generally noted for

he had not given it to him earlier, dered if an occasion might arise to their ungodliness. A week later one

436 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of these sailors, Ambrose Alexanby my hands, till an immense multitude der, applied for baptism, and bewill come into his kingdom.

came the first person to join the AAeanwhile Addison, who knew

Church in the islands. not how long he would be in

Then on July 21, Addison rethe islands, where he would be cords: called to go next, or how his future

Sabbath. After the morning service I travels might be financed, as he was

gave an invitation to all those who felt it receiving no support of any kind their duty to be baptized, to present themfrom home, bit by bit, and probably selves at a place appointed on the beach, unconsciously at first, developed a and I would wait on them. The multitude personal welfare project.

assembled on the beach, there came forward and I baptized Charles Hill, John Layton, On one hunting trip in the mounWm. F. Bowen, Wm. Carrington, James tains his party caught several young

Clark (foreigners), Nabota and his wife, goats, some of which were given to

Telii, Pauma, and Hamoe, the wife of him. The natives thought he should

Haamatua (natives), and confirmed them keep these, so they built some pens in the afternoon. and took turns in caring for them. A

Surely the field was ripe and short time later, gifts of chickens,—Photograph by Ralph R. Taylor

native for provided by his in for harvest; than also ready fewer

building for started friends, him a Native womenpresentdayof Tubuaidressin typical against three months, working many odds and handicaps, Addison was poultry flock. Then, when a sow,

presTelii him, given which had in souls ten bringing instrumental if could that English speak and he little pigs, nine with him ented Adinto including the the Church, only there went to he forced be would livestock as as dison had much six island. the white on men in speak Tahitian and have would inhabitants the of the old of many following Sunday Addison The better to a the perfect much chance islands. the the of Branch organized Tubuai of use the language, reconciled they isthe the people on young Even Hill ordaining Church, Charles an his to themselves going.

in. occasion joined land one On priest, elder, a Layton WilJohn making Addison preparawas As large native caught boys a some liam Clark, Carrington and James to leave, tions Telii noticed he and in billy mountains, the and goat teachers, and and John Bowen also their packing Nabota befew

it, halfcarrying halfleading, they deacons. Alexander,Ambrose

i longings. nei haere hea?"orua "Te

it their misof the to brought home writes: Addison are going?) you he (Where asked

it to as presented him sionary and

All the proceedings of the day, were at- a taoa aroha ( a thing of value given them.

I are to solemnity. with going to take tended exmuch cannot Mahu "We love). with

heartfelt press the gratitude that came care Telii of you,"answered.

first that the he For few weeks tears of the over me, penitence I saw when telling protested, Addison them islands, lived the on was Addison trickle their faces, the seaworn nor down that that necessary; that not was in city of the peoMataura. But the emotions that vibrated heartwarm my

in plenty of friends have he would

Mahu to look out for his needs. But

peaks. The Island of Tubuai, taken from one of the highest mountain

by George—Photograph E. Magnusson Telii insisted that the women at

Mahu were not skilled, as was she, in the fine arts of washing, starching, ironing, and mending. And

talk as Addison could, it availed him nothing.

Paraita had learned that the Polynesians "have a custom of making friends with each other and with strangers, that bespeaks a nobleness of soul"which, he thought "white people are strangers to."Telii and Nabota considered

him their special friend because he had been living with them, and they thought it was their duty to go with him wherever he went.

So Addison went to Mahu with his friends and divided his time while, on their knees, I heard them thank pie of Mahu continually pleaded thereafter between there and Matheir I in Father that heaven been had jourthe sometimes making to their village to taura, him to comecasually this island thrown upon and had with cities sail ney between in a the two live part of the first his the time. inbecome instrument his humble hand At

boat; sometimes canoe or walkingof bringing their lost to see them condition.

tropiMataura friends objected, but overland the pleasant through feelI already the that rehas Lord amply warded me for my sacrifice on this mission when Addison pointed out that cal valleys.

and I pray that he will continue to work there was no one at Mahu who (Continued on page 477)

JULY 1949 437 - p - HUISH

MccLiiUAN COMPOSERS Many,of themanyTerritoryyears ago,of whenUtahmuchwas published.for the bandThebeingmusicusedfor sixbut hymnsnever little more than sage and savOf found in the Deseret Sunday School

age, three lone wagons pulled out of Song Book are of his writing, and the wilderness and made camp on it is not surprising that one of these,Peteetneet Creek. Brigham Young Peteetneet "Hope of Israel,"has a military air,

had directed the little party to go such as a band might play.

south some sixty miles from Salt BY However, melody alone will not

Lake Valley and there utilize the make a singable hymn, and it was in stream the Indians called Peteetadollne Liou/ard *JJ<Ixon Joseph L. Townsend, who came to

neet. This was October 1850, and Payson to teach in the first high

the little settlement was called after school south of Salt Lake City, that the name of the creek. Later, in and his parents realizing his musiBrother Clayson found one who

honor of one of the earliest settlers cal aptitude, gave him training on could rhyme words to his music.

and his son, the name was changed the flute. He joined the Church and Joseph Longking Townsend was

to Payson. found himself in Payson, Utah. born in Canton, Bradford County,

Nestled at the foot of Mount Here his English betrothed joined Pennsylvania, August 9, 1849. He

Loafer, Payson is a place of beauty him, and they were married, to sethad received an excellent education and culture, and four men within tle down and rear a family. according to the means of the times,

her boundaries were to compose and at the age of twentyone was hymns for our Church hymn book. Tn the meantime, since Brother offered a professorship at the AgriFrom the date of settlement there Clayson had increased his knowlculture College of Missouri. This

were people who gave a helping edge and skill as a musician, he beoffer he was forced to decline, howhand to the town's musical needs. came popular as a teacher, band ever, because of ill health, and a

Ten years after the first wagons leader, and composer. He was the short time later he came to Salt Lake

made camp at Peteetneet a young first chorister after the choir was orCity, securing a position teaching man set sail from his native Engganized in 1865, and served in this penmanship at Morgan's Commerland. His name was William Clayposition until his death twentytwo cial College. Among his penmanson, and he was to become a leader years later. He was the first leader ship students he numbered Heber J.

of musical knowledge and inspiraof Payson's brass band, organized Grant, who was his friend for many tion in Payson, giving of his talent 1869, as well as a leader of the years.

to compose the music for several of Huish band. Both of these bands Within six months, J. L. Townour presentday hymns. His greataccepted engagements from many send had been baptized into the

est accomplishment was, however, parts of the territory, winning prizes Church and eventually made his the encouragement he gave to young in many contests. way to Payson. He married Alta

musicians. In those early days there was litHancock and for twentyfive years

At the age of ten he had an accitle printed music and little money conducted a drug and mercantile dent which caused him to be a semito buy it with. One copy would be business. Later he taught penmaninvalid for a time. To help while sent for the others made from this. ship at Brigham Young Academy,

away the long hours, a friend gave Brother Clayson often wrote his moved to Salt Lake to become manhim a tenpenny whistle. On this own music, appropriate for many ocual training teacher at Salt Lake

he learned the rudiments of music, casions; several marches he wrote (Continued on page 473)

438 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA profit nothing but death by going on."He was a nervous little man

and quicktempered, afraid of nothing.

Tom was right, Ann thought, the meeting had been called because of

Griffiths. With almost the pride of

possession she watched every eye focus on Tom. Wilson was the captain, Griffiths the hot iron in a cold

fire, but Tom was their stronghold in time of trouble.

"And what can it profit us, Dai, by sitting here in the snow? Will it

The Sweetwater River, with Devil's Gate in the background. feed children, keep them warm?

There is only one thing to do—go

on, keep walking."His voice was

harsh, unfeeling, filled with stubStorm Along bornness.

"Will you guarantee that supply train? Can you say that it will arrive tomorrow or the next day?"Dai The Sweetwater countered. That was the trouble,

the crux of the whole matter, Grifdeliberately thrust Morgan BY life it. or fiths Everything, knewAnn slight into her the conbody supply that upon death, depended

L chill stant the of unexpected Lake. Salt train from KicharJU line /jokn y. storm. Then, edging the along said, like a man,"look Tom "You

of stalled handcarts, she finally rec- "but you talk like a fool."This was

theognized vague snowcov- and Jeffries. ofered shape Bent Wilson and the junior guide, Sam the man he had to beat. The others Tom

above the wheel of a cart, he was Overlade. Tom was the other guide

wedging an iron tire to a tighter fit sent by President Young to lead the 'TPhe author of this heartwarming when she stretched out a hand, blue company into Salt Lake Valley, and * story states that having the good with cold, and touched him halfrepresenting the Missouri Saints fortune to be born caressingly along his shoulder. who had joined the company at | of L.D.S. parents

his wife he and Ann. City was Iowa I captain has called a meet- "The

in married I were greetings Reserved were murear.ing,"into his mouthed Ann Salt Lake the

Still bent, he turned nearly around mured about. Tension was strong HI Temple and now

to catch her words before the wind among the Saints since the storm have a lovely carried them into the gray and had begun the night before. Fear daughter in the

opaque vastness of the storm. In was even visible in Stierwold's eyes. neighborhood of

another moment, finished with his Ann stood near Tom and looked Richardsthree years.is inElderhis

task, Tom rose stiffly. He stood him full in the face. All the warmth | middle twenties.

before her, a high, lean shape. Even and feeling of his strength came He worked in

in the dim light of morning Ann out to her, and, completely happy, the coal mines in could see the dark and ragged she felt the color flood to her cheeks. order to enter

Brigham Young brows show concern at her words. JOHN F. RICHARDS University where

"It will be Griffiths,"he said, bit- (Captain Wilson, a gaunt, stooped he is studying po terness making his words rough. schoolmaster in his middle forlitical science. This is his first pub-

"The man is a born troublemaker."ties, stepped before the group. The lished story although he has had two

"Will the storm last, Tom?"power of the man showed only in of his poems published in the Era.

"Yes,"he answered and would alert gray eyes and leanlipped vigor, and further.add nothing you mouth—intelligence, "Are follow. drove his words would He qualities that goodness: were nec- a great mittenedwarm?"He placed at Griffiths with and more more

hand about her waist and shielded essary. insistence. "When we left Winter

her from the wind. It was a few "The problem is a simple one to Quarters, I cautioned you about

minutes before they reached Capsolve,"he said briefly. "Shall we starting too late in the season. But

tain Wilson's tent and entered with halt at this point or march on?"His the whole company wanted to go

a flurry of snow. words dropped into a moment's on, even you, Dai. Now the story

They were the last to come. Dai silence before Dai Griffiths, quick to is different. Everyone is in rags.

Griffiths for the Welsh people, seize the chance, spoke. The handcarts need repairs, and the

Andy Stierwold and Burke Whiting "Like I was telling the captain an last ration of flour was given out for the English were already there. hour ago, I say wait—stay here—at this morning. Nothing can prevent

Completing the group were Captain least till the storm is over. We will {Continued on page 440)

JULY 1949 439 STORM ALONG THE SWEETWATER (Continued from page 439) Slip and slide and stumble... "You will find them,"she said

disaster except those supplies from wear out your nerves and your softly with an overpowering confiSalt Lake City. And you say, halt body, even your heart, needing only dence in him. "And you will find

the march... give up the ghost... the strength of a man whose vitality them in time."

lie down and call it quits. You're a was like nothing you had ever seen He turned towards a group of

quitter, Dai Griffiths."before. Hour after hour of pulling men moving in the direction of the

Ann watched the blanched look your cart past others who were oxen. "They are butchering four

on Griffiths'face, saw the anger making repairs. How long could it tonight. If necessary, more tomorlight up his eyes, and knew they go on? How long can the body row. We will get by all right."

would march on. stand such punishment without deIt is this kind of man I have come

With a quiver of suppressed cent food, heavy clothes? to love, Ann said to herself, and I

all said, "In Dairage no my life I would never have the the am along camp And finally, glad—glad. If quitter. calledman has me a him in Missouri. met fires with I Sweetwater, already warm

have to walk into Salt Lake Valley burning from dampened wood. And

alone and with bare feet, I'll make the love and goodness of Tom, the )im daylight came with an agyou pull those words back down wonder of knowing him. Was life gravating slowness next mornyour gullet, Tom Jeffries!"ever so beautiful? ing as Ann watched Tom and Dai

Tempers were high in the tent. "Thirteen died today,"Tom said Griffiths ride wraithlike into the

reThe uncertainty was worse than with a rancor alien to his nature. He storm. When there had been a

storm and wind, worse than rafinished helping Ann unpack the quest made for someone to leave tioned lots of flour and food. Caputensils. "Thirteen died in a single with Tom, every man in camp had

tain Wilson said, "Then it is deday. I forced this march upon Wilvolunteered. Wilson and Sam Overon.cided will go we The weather omitted. It was too imlade were son. should have remained in We not permitdoes a gathcommunity that portant they remain. this morning."camp

ering for prayer. Tell each of your Dai Griffiths had been selected

groups to ask God for deliverance For the first time in the months for more than one reason. His going

and for strength. If we survive, it she had known him, Ann saw a deep would help avert further discontent

the willcan be by also within the Saints. But he was of God alone. We uncertaintystrength andtakeselfrelianceits hold of him.had Hisset in halfmarch an hour."obstinate man, would an bow

him apart. Now he was vulnerable nothing, man, beast, or weather.to"\\7ho could say which was the—like any other man—needing a Nature had perfected him for such a

hardest, fighting the storm till woman's help. She felt her words task.

this cautiously, could knowing mean breath ranyour hot seared and Griffiths rather "I'd with have me to everything them. breast, fightingthe the or gnawing in three than camp,"any men Tom

it fault? your "But was feeling the stomach,hunger in your Who told of something with is had Ann

need for anything that could warm to say whether they might have anticipation. "This man doesn't

and invigorate. Snow, snow, and lived through the day in camp?"know the meaning of the word

more snow, little by little, flake after Savagely he turned upon her. quit."

flake, making each hour more diffi- "Some of them would have lived.

cult than the last. Some would be walking tonight. I "But he's a hothead, Tom. Will have trouble?"you Cities are wonderful, thought. Ann killed in tent this Wilson's them

does it matter about "What could you needed food, youWhen morning. no chance."had They

trouble? nerve. That's has The man cold, food. heat were youbuy When infault,""It not your was Ann all he'll today."need plentiful. this neverwas had You closer sisted. thirty miles are "We there they gone, were and Now thisterrible fear aloneness, ache and take Salt Lake. can Nothing to wait, praynothing but do wasof death minute, minute hour by by to us. couldn't that from away You for deliverance. ing to Fear God thishour. horrible never There was step a have any walk made man like across the face a shadow was for simple necescomfortneed and

all this morning, wanted Tom. They the strong of everyone. were Howsities. In Missouri comfort been had

their decito and come made own fight that could chances two men for granted.taken comfort Now sions. Besides, of say can what we this for a looking storm, unending luxuries. rarest the ofwas Even lives of thirteen the of to the deaths this train in exvast small wagonlife luxury. had a become

four hundred?"panse of space and impenetrable Three times during the morning

there had been stops to bury the This is the way, she thought, haze? How could two men find such

dead. How many more before seeing his eyes turn outward from a prize in all the miles which lay benightfall would come? Suppose in the selfblame he was heaping upon tween the Sweetwater and Salt

all this vast expanse of storm and himself. "And there is tomorrow. Lake City?

wind the supply train should pass Perhaps the supply wagons will There were enough animals for them by. It was possible. They come."another two days'food. What

could pass, never hearing, never "I'm leaving in the morning to would happen after that? Starvaseeing the four hundred sorefooted find them,"Tom said, doggedly, astion—exposure—with the small

Saints whose greatest desire now surance returning. Ann breathed graves multiplying again and again.

was to see the valley of the Great easier. Things were on safer ground Community prayers were offered,

Salt Lake. once more. (Continued on page 474)

440 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ttrri| 1his last war has proved that national health organizations into modern war and modern civilthe new world health group, a ization cannot exist on the HEALTH dream of health officers of the past same planet. The destructive powthat seemed unlikely of realization.

ers of physics and chemistry are It seems to offer a new hope for sufficient to eliminate all enormous advances in schools, hospitals, and culworld sanitation and bettural institutions."Those ter health.

are the words of Raymond Dr. Parran said:

B. Fosdick, president of

orIt will be the duty of the WORLD PEACEthe Rockefeller Foundaganization closely working with tion, in an article written in 1944, It must be recognized at the outset, that the agencies of the United Nations, to before the advent of the atomic the real enemy against which we are fighthelp the world peoples back to health ing is not Russia nor sanity. the communism, but and... might new world war Abomb. conservative statethe How condition that makes not communism well only last act of be the desperate a society,ment seems in the light of now the possible, inevitable. but is struggling blindly for The real enemy survival from

enormously greater destructive poverty. As to Greece and Turkey, and inflicted wounds.* selfpower of the new weapon! Scientists the other beaten down economies, a million

have predicted that we have only or five billion dollars won't solve the probThe world has become too small for lem for or us, them unless the money of because rapid ofscratched the transpormeans surface develin the is into steered the channels will that retation to allow nations in to the of remainopment new atomic weapons store the health energies and selfand and that no one can predict the ultisufficiency of the people. isolation. The maladies of one are

mate power they will carry. The too easily transported to another. A

fear expressed by world leaders diseasebearing mosquito can easiwould therefore appear to be justily be carried by plane from India or fied. The future of civilization is BY Africa to America. The menace is

threatened with complete destrucconstant, and the results are fartion. Mr. Fosdick further said: reaching and serious. The control

If we survive it will be because of the of these factors on a world scale is exercise of human intelligence on a worldessential to world health. Experiwide scale. Great leaders of spiritual abilience has proved the wisdom of this

ties must marshal the common hopes of all course. The digging of the Panama

inpeoples all countries, lead them and in These conditions must all be corCanal meant far more than thehonest effort if sincere civilization and is to survive. There must be rallying points of rected before world peace is asshortening of the distance from the

unity, centers around which men of difsured. Dr. Parran reported that at a Atlantic to the Pacific. It meant the

fering cultures and faiths can confer, poolconference in New York City, "the first effective control of yellow fever ing their great resources to preserve their largest and most representative in and malaria the world had ever 8existence.

history,"the constitution of a world known, a far more potent factor in

The destruction of vital resources health organization was enthusiastithe progress of mankind than the of human progress are not the only cally adopted. This organization primary objective of the canal.

things exciting fear. The hatreds promises to be the most important

engendered will extend through and farreaching in history for the "\17hile world health has never begenerations, making attempts at copromotion of public health. The fore been stressed as an agency

operative effort almost futile. plan is for the worldwide utilization of world peace as it is being stressed

Writing on the same subject two of the most effective methods of today, remedies have been sought years later, Dr. Thomas Parran, disease prevention and health proafter each great war for the prevensurgeon general of the United motion now available. tion of future conflicts. A. Lawrence

States Public Service, offers Health Lowell, former president of Harvard This is not solely to reduce disease and solutiona for the involved. problems University, in an address many infirmity, but to reach an allaround obHe is of the opinion that mental and jective of the highest possible levels of years ago, said:

physical health are fundamental, health, a state of mental and social wellIt is hardly exaggeration an to summarizeand are essential to prosperity and being. the history of four hundred years, by sayworld peace. He feels that ignoing that the leading idea of a conquering

rance, poverty, hunger, and disease "T'he conference at which this ornation, in relation to the conquered, was, in to 1600, their change religion; in 1700are underlying factors threatening ganization launched was atwas their to in laws; change 1800 to changepeace. inseemingly highly Where tended representatives by of many their trade, in and 1900 to their changetelligent and far advanced aggressor nations. enthusiastically It was drainage. connot that in say the we May prow

nations have upset the world, he ducted in a spirit of complete harof the conquering ship, in these four hunfeels that there is mental abnormalimony. Because there was no disdred years, stood first the priest, then the

it.ty basis for as a cord, the meeting had little or no lawyer,physician."then the merchant, and finally the in editorial the San Francisco An appeal news almost and went unChronicle of March 13, 1947, said: noticed by the press. "Like a hapThose plans all failed because something it pily married 'Public Health couple, an International Problem,"didn't was lacking, that was vital Raymake

B. Fosdick,mond American Public Health, Journal of news,"Dr. said. It Parran 1944 November 'ibid. was

Health Organization; 2"World Cornerstone '"Sanitary Engineer Looks Forward,"Abel WorlPeace,"Parran, Surgeon General, Thomas Pub- U.S. (quoted), of planned to merge all existing interman American Journal Health. of Public

lic Service, Health American Journal 1944 of Public November

Health. November 1946 *ibid. {Continued on page 475)

JULY 1949 441 a

The Fort on the

man Firing line qjtu&j,

SYNOPSIS which they knew, was seven to nine The fact of the matter is, the the year 1851, President Brigham miles away. thieves did find an old boat, butIN Young sent colonies to extend the The Hall brothers had come with instead of getting across and trying

Mormon territory to the south. Those who them, and, in the early morning, one afoot to overtake the outfit that had

went had to fight four adversaries: the

Utes, the Navajos, the renegade whites, of them started with a bucket for left on horses, they went down the and nature, which seemed at times the Lake Gulch, the other one tended river, and one of them reached Lees withgreatest adversary of all. No treaty set'the horses, and Hyrum Perkins Ferry, carrying the guns and the the guarantee States couldthe Unitedtiers from the depredations of the Navajos. started for Bluff to bring help—clothes of the other.

the Indians Kit CarsonEven In that who displaced with shadscale or doctor a nurse and camp to quell them. it impossiblehad found to to but for Jacob wagon—afirstaid material, nothing the look forward wounded genuinely Haskell Thates andHamblin

loved the Indians, and time after time won man could not be moved again on a the arrival of a wagon from Bluff, them to a reluctant peace, only to have it horse. Lem Redd gave all his time or to the arrival of the dread

actions the becausebroken again of of the to his suffering companion, but shadow with his scythe, Jody last at whites.renegade But the Mormons

had begun their settlement, in the face of there was little he could do to Lyman seemed to have but few

Indian attack and nature. soothe the pain and no materials wretched days left, His leg, twice

X withas it whichwas oftosplintereddress the bone.wound, full itsalreadynaturalin thesize,firstandstagesseemingof decay,to be

miles out over the torturing In the afternoon of that first day looked like a death warrant withEight uphill-anddown, the wounded on the shadscale slope, the shatout appeal. One man spent his

man in agony begged them to tered limb became swollen and diswhole time carrying water from stop, and they camped on a bleak colored, and in spite of all they Lake Gulch, faraway over the rocks slope with no shelter from the wind could do, it seethed with maggots. and sand, and yet there was never

that night nor from the blazing sun Their supply of rags possible for enough in camp.

next day. They had nothing at all to bandages were almost minus to They pondered deeply for someif the desperados experience had taught them howwound—theyrelieve the torturehadn'tofsothatmuchghastlyas a begindark indeed.with, andEventhe prospect looked thing on which to hang their hope;

drink of water to give him. They did not find their way to the east Providence can intervene at the

thought best not to go back with a side and follow them, it still looked last minute; but there seemed to

bucket to the river, and the nearimpossible to keep Lyman alive be only one way for him in this est water in any other direction till help could come. wilderness, and that was to send

an angel from heaven. But he had

angels in other places than heaven, and he sent one of them.

Up over the dreary profile of that shadscale ridge appeared a band of

Navajos, old Pahlily in the lead. Riding straight to the

distressed camp and swinging down from his cayuse, he took the situation in at a glance, his eyes bright with interest and sympathy.

"What are you doing for this man?''he asked in

his native tongue.

The Decker Home, one of the early homes in Bluff. 442 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

in the willows, but he took care not tain no proposition involving to shoot near them. These killers, the abandonment of the mission.

like snakes in the grass, had a He said they must make the ditch, frightful advantage, and were more that they would make it, all difto be feared than either one of the ficulty and other trouble notwithnative tribes. standing.

Yet in this latest tragedy there They began in the fall, building was one bright spot: They saw old down the stream from the place

Pahlily and his followers saving where the river surged in against a man of the fort from certain death. the cliff, and building up the stream

The people liked to hear it, to tell from where it turned out from the it. Some of the more hopeful ones cliff. With such cottonwood logs as

even foresaw a time the Navajos they could find up and down the would help drive the outlaw element river, they would build in the water from the country. What a thrill it a kind of house twelve by sixteeen

would have been then to know how feet, weighting it down a piece at nearly that dream was to come true. a time with stones, and filling it in

with brush and rock. With the one But it was not true so far—the

big cattle companies at the base of house filled in and covered with

Jim Joe and Kumen Jones, lifelong friends the mountain were still giving work earth, they would move out on it and shelter to the fugitives, and and build another house in the water and Lem Redd gave him to underthey gathered like buzzards to beyond. In this way they built

stand he did not know what to do. an illsmelling carcass. They stole houses from above and houses

"Where do you get your water?"from the companies, of course; they from below till their buildings met

he inquired in kind solicitude. stole continuously such things as in the middle of the hundred rods

When he was told they carried they could take out of the country, of lost ditch. With this foundation

it from Lake Gulch, he smiled pityand in a small way it saved the standing five feet above the river, ingly, and calling for their bucket, people of Bluff. It was the policy they scraped in sand and earth

he handed it with a word to one of these cattle companies to curry along it to make a bank, had the of his men who trotted off over the favor of these desperados in cliff for the other bank, and called it the hill and returned in fifteen selfdefense. The people of the a ditch.

minutes with the bucket full of fort could not afford to encourage water. The Navajos knew from the them at all, and this withholding

smooth rock in that direction there of encouragement tended to breed should be water pockets still full the hatefulness which is to be exfrom the last rain, and the hole they pected in the hearts of thieves.

found is still called Jody's Tank.

Bending low over the wound, Jody Lyman lay helpless in Bluff the brave examined it carefully, a long time before he was able "Go, gather some leaves of the to limp out on crutches. His leg was

prickly pear,"he ordered, "burn always crooked, always a source the needles off, and mash the leaves of serious trouble, and agonizing up into a pulp. Put a poultice of operations were performed to rethis on the wound."move some lingering splinter of

It worked like magic; it kept the bone. He was the first martyr in the

wound in healthy condition; and in war which was to end all Indian

due time a wagon came and ground troubles in Utah by establishing slowly back over the long, long law and order in San Juan County.

road to the fort. True, he lived thirty years or more

A sorrowing company came out after that time, but it was a living on the sandhills to meet the wagon, death, and when the end came, it PLATTE D. LYMAN

and as they heard the story of what was the direct result of that bullet.

had happened, the details of murder The thief had caused a long delay It took them all winter to get it premeditated and carefully planned, to the repairs on the ditch by runready for the water, and that secthey saw the hideous outlines of ning away with the Bluff horses, tion was known for years afterproblem three as a thing more to and it was some time in October wards as The Cribs. Some parts

be dreaded than they had supposed. before the citizens of Bluff could of it cost fifty dollars a rod, valuing

These cutthroats would plan to begin looking again at that hunwork at going wages. They figured

take their scanty means of support dred rods of river where the ditch that with the completion of The and wait deliberately to murder had been, and plan either on Cribs, they had overcome the most them if they tried to recover it. making a ditch there or on moving serious difficulty of their ditch in

out. The very life of the mission the sand. They were to find out

HPhe people of the fort could not hung on that hundred rods of that it was the beginning of a long wait in ambush to kill. Lem Redd seeming impossibility. The bishop program of worse things still.

could have killed the fellows there declared firmly they would enter- ( Continued on page 478

JULY 1949 443

L

"JM3 ANSWERS"

(Drentnall A doubtedly remember JosephDear IfBetsy:my mind had. been in an & ari N this connection, you will unelectric mixer, I couldn't have Smith's classic comment, "We teach

had a more violent attack of churned them correct principles, and they thoughts than your letter produced. Let me explain a little. I believe govern themselves."Holy Writ, in-

I loved hearing from you, of course. sincerely that there is a life developcluding modern scriptures does not

You've always been one of my fament in human intelligence which is go very deeply into cases. Instrucvorite girls. My heart was flooded sacred and should be respected. tion on the Sabbath day, for inwith joy at your happiness. I'm Your baby sister has every decision stance, is given in broad, general

it is It is principles. Paul to a meeting day of rest:looking forward it for can be such called—made

is It in "oblations."be married a day to offer up come to youwhen father, the—ifher. your on the other And

temple next month. And I am glad hand, makes every possible decision blessed and hallowed. It is made

that he is so right in every way. for himself. That is partly what for man. When you were a child

I was delighted beyond words keeps him so delightful and impresand thought as a child, your parentsfor you. But those questions—what gave you very definite instructions.

a deluge! And some of them so You were to wear clean clothes on

hard! I love trying to think things Sunday. You were to go to Sunday

through with you, and certainly you csLetd School and usually to sacrament are entitled to all the help you can meetings. You could visit your

possibly get—from me or anyone grandparents and other relatives,else. But I wonder what you girls TALK IT OVER pick flowers for a sick friend, read

did at that kitchen shower besides books, listen to records, sit on the think up questions and problems. It terrace, sing songs, paste things in

doesn't seem possible that when you sive a man. Between these two exyour scrapbooks, go strolling in the

tremes of infant and completely dish in someone a towel the evenunwrapped rain—with sunshine—or

different girl dosaid, a does father. It day a was about a adult person lies a wide range of your "What

eases gently time which and growth

It association. friend?"seems family closejealous of boy

I into independence. dependence do—one pulled out filled with that you werestrange loved when it. You You exactly not and where know you boiler, somedouble was shiny your delightthat daddy because new

in this friends developstand your the liked detachcomplete (with even you. asked with Youone home

I tell exactly cannot ment, what and is chapbe- a proper of session Church what evening ), long "Justment if tell for is right you. But can you

is at to smile to supposed she beside what youerone, and cause he was will. you special about a his there as something to lend armdo?"you or Was

unmasking that potato masher pillow for your head.

which brought forth, "What can we—Religious News Photo But you would not want your

do on Sunday besides go to Sunday so extremely regulated now.

church?"Was it all a new game for This change came because as you

a bride's entertainment? When was grew older you looked into your

that stupefying question asked heart and became closely attuned about kissing? to that thing called conscience. You

And then, my darling, you had made many decisions—whether youme reeling with your questions on fully realized it or not—in conformmarriage relations. I love the honity with that conscience. True,

esty and candor of youth, and I am /': your parents counseled you, but

not one to dodge intimate questions they too urged you to help that if I can give any # inner voice grow real help, but I strong by meetam concerned ing your own deeply with the problems—by

need of giving finding and folmore than myown lowing what was personal opinions right for you.

or another's I use the Sun- "canned"anday idea merely swers to individas an example.

ual problems. I k and because I do

feel that you and not want to give your friends have you or your your own anfriends a list of swers if you will {Continued on search for them. page 463

444 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

'wltiE n n mow FROM TEMPLE SQUARE w By RICHARD L EVANS

for many other things which are gone into the making of their homes,

Lsn vvaitiviq ideally desirable, but which seldom how they went without, labored $ for Ordeal come all at once. We often wait for long, and, finally, by hard and sure

Conceitlond more opportune times to set right in steps, acquired what they have. To

to intend do of us, no doubt, All our lives some of the more personal this story children often listen reright. things spectfully that need setting but sometimes not seem We get never things that we many for a time for convenience, or wait is partly too This much impressed.

around to doing. There may be when we think appetites may be less the fault of children, but perhaps as

many reasons for this. Sometimes demanding, or for socalled ideal much the fault of parents who are

we underestimate our capacity, and circumstances. And so the hours often overeager to spare their chilhesitate to begin; sometimes we pass; the days pass; the years pass; dren the very experiences that have

overestimate it, and make more comand so does life itself, finding us still helped parents to face the difficulties mitments than we can possibly fulnursing our intentions. The postof life successfully. This attitude

fil. Sometimes we sit and wait for ponement, the putting off, that alon the part of parents is seemingly

supposedly ideal conditions. But soways waits for supposedly better natural enough, but of questionable

called ideal conditions rarely come. times and circumstances, may be the wisdom, because parents are not alIf the men who have most enriched postponement that steals away life ways going to be here to protect

the world had waited for ideal conitself. and provide, and sooner or later

ditions before beginning their work,—May 1. 1949. their children are going to have to

we should have had few inventions, stand on their own feet. There are

few masterworks, few discoveries.

Men have written and painted, larentd, Khildren, and somesome thingsthings theyparentscannotcando.doTheyandthought and planned, worked and can suggest the course their chilsearched, often in poverty, somerpprecLauontit dren's thoughts should take, but

times in illness, frequently in unthink can't for they them. They difficult contasks that of the INEsympathetic 0< surroundings—despite life should them be can show how is to to pass parents fronts on discouragement, despitehunger,

lived, live can't actually but they of appreciation their children an There misunderstanding.despite

in for them. help can They many of into the making has what gone life in of time the ararely comes can't forever but they hold ways, enjoy. the things they Through all difficulty, disall whenany man their their children up beyond own parents of worry, years work and are realltraction, annoyance and

all realities height the or spare them efforts their earnest forth put most time a rarely comes Theremoved. as of they would want life—much Their homes. to comfortable make life us ofin of when the any we

to. gifts of that greatest the One in turn, yet children, not had having plausible excuse findcannot some

is their to give parents children can take their often to way, own make that somethingfor not doing we help to to to learn face them how for granted, sometimes things and doing. Often be should orcould

life their feet. of on one own And convencomforts that and assume to generous be intendpeople who gifts the greatest children return can tell easily. iences Parents may come to able better be until are theywait

is to parents appreciation earnest an over times their children a thousand is it surprisinggenerous. how But

life, privilege for the of earnest an it for difficult them, once was how pace with keeptheir obligations their income. Often people who inhow many midnight hours have respectreceived,forandthe anteachingsearnest theyappreciahave

tend to write spend much time tion for the homes which the love sharpening pencils and clearing and labor of their parents have prodesks, waiting for peace and quiet, vided.

waiting for an uninterrupted day,—May 8, 1949.waiting for the mood to move—and Continued on page 446)

TJeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nation- ** wide radio network through ksl and the columbia broadcasting system every sunday at 11:30 a.m.

Eastern Time, 10:30 a.m. Central Time, 9:30 a.m. Mountain Time, and 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time.

JULY 1949 445 THE SPOKEN WORD {Continued from page 445) take. Sometimes the blind lead the often perpetuated because someone

Jftd {ISeinQ eUJi>one blind. Sometimes a crowd that did what someone else did, without

9 doesn't know where it is going folbeing sure that he knew what he

Cometimes when we are asked lows another crowd that doesn't was doing. There are many ways

why we do something, we have know where it is going. A crowd in which things get started—false

no better answer to offer than the may follow a "craze"and be much and useless, as well as worth while fact that "It's being done."But embarrassed about it later. We things, and it would be good for all

there ought to be a better reason for could all mention many such crazes of us occasionally, individuals and doing something than the mere fact that have become unexplainably institutions alike, to look closely and that someone else is doing it. Bepopular but that look foolish when critically at some of the things we

fore others are doing, we do what look back. Some commonplace we do merely because we have always satisfy that should ourselveswe that someone comment once made

or them, because merely somedone they'rethey know what gain easily can wide currency. We doing—and, else are them. does There one many thatfurthermore, it ought to be all seen slang phrases have many

fine follow, things things to manydone. wrote: one philosopher fizzle flare out. As up and And some

1 that follow; to follow but we must faults trail twist that is want of sense.""To copy once on the someone

We must remember that everything made can easily become the acfaults or foolishness, to follow old we do merely because someone else cepted course. Rocks that someone errors, to follow men's mistakes, or

is doing it was once started by once went around can easily acto follow wasteful ways is "want of someone. And maybe the person count for a winding road. Indeed, sense.

who started it knew what he was wasteful and winding roads and—May 15, 1949.

doing, and maybe he made a miswasteful and inefficient ways are 1Charles Churchill, The Rosciad

of life has escaped his days of deep

Jhe lA/ofit Jkat Leonid Ma en, despondency. Despondency is one

of the most dangerous diseases that

I-Juman thoughts and feelings are could we gain by giving up in dark the world faces or has ever had to contagious; and an epidemic despondency? Let's put it another face, and it isn't always easy to lift

of losing faith in the future is one way: Suppose that a man had been ourselves out of it. But even if the

of the worst things that could ever told he had only a year to live. worst were true, what could we gain

happen to this world. We can assume Would he be smart to live as if he by living as if there weren't going that a situation is hopeless, and were already dead—and so lose the to be a future? And what could we

even if it isn't, our attitude might year he might have had and maybe lose by living as if there were? Life

make it much worse than it is. For much more? Or would he be smart without faith in the future would be

our present purpose, suppose we to live as if he were very much alive? all but meaningless. There has alpresume that the worst we fear Now mind you, it is not to be conways been a future—and there are

were actually going to happen. Supceded that the uncertainties we fear providential purposes that prevail,

pose that civilization were surely will certainly befall us. But suppose despite the foolishness of men and

a would. year from Suppose they set in forces motion. the they Anyall that and Suppose doomed. men five twentyyears now, now, from for his regard has one any who own all material values were moral and all five be years now, from would his for future of future the famand

off earth. to the going be wiped all true. this over. were Suppose feelwill ily fight false the against

Suppose all these fearful supposiYet wouldn't we be better off by ing that there isn't going to be a tions were true! Even if they were, living as if life were going on, rather future worth living for or worth

what could we possibly lose by than by living as if all were over. working for.

building for the future? And what Perhaps no man who has seen much—May 22, 1949.

Do Lyon \AJko rf/oum—and to Lyou lA/ho Kememkememoer

HThere is perhaps no more persistunder conditions which would present perspective is born of man's ently pondered question among sometimes seem to make the love of conviction of his own personal and men than that of immortality, and life difficult to understand; and even perpetual continuance. Of course

one great witness of its reality is when interest has been lost in the there is always the certain fact of that men deal in futures. The time values of this world, there are death to be faced. As the ancient

rarely if ever comes in the life of earnest thoughts for the future. The prophet proclaimed: "What man is

any person when his planning and constant beckoning of the limitless he that1 liveth, and shall not see his purposes do not extend beyond unknown urges us on, as it always death?"Some fear it; some calmly

the present. This is true of those has and always will, no matter what contemplate it. But there is nothing

who seemingly yet have far to travel age we have attained as men count more certain than that we shall all in this life, and also of those who time. This universal looking toward sometime leave these familiar surseemingly have not far to go. Men things to come, this everpresent iPsalm 89:48

have in common a love of life, even awareness of what lies beyond our (Concluded on page 460) 446 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

hope that China, which has so great a history, can look forward with confidence that China can reach a solution of her problems &&\z*scce\& with ment her enemies.—M.and reach someC. /.agreeBNTH Ej

CONTEMPORARY RELIGIOUSA SCIENTIST'S APPROACH tion and suggest probably some of the means to these JURISPRUDENCE be used that may make RELIGIONTO nearly should cities more they what (Carl Wallace Miller. The Macmillan The( I. H.WaldainRubensteinPress,of theChicago.Illinois Bar.

Co., New York City. 127 pages. be.—M. C. /. 1948. 120 pages.)

$2.00.) HThis work by Rubenstein, who is a

'T'he professor of physics in Brown AND ONE TO GROW ON member of the Illinois State Bar,

University here declares in nine- (John Gould. William Morrow and constitutes a book on a subject hitherto

teen brief chapters that science may Co., New York. 1949. neglected by writers. The work is of

help, not hinder, the person who seeks 253 pages. $3.00.) value primarily for the attorney who

the truth of God and his Son, Jesus '"Phis nostalgic book will carry many may in his practice find occasion to the Christ. Besides, it is a man's own folk back to the days of their bring charges against or to defend

witness to the realities of religion. It youth—and will make many experience those who mislead the public by faith

is good reading in this day of turmoil, vicariously the rural life of a generahealing, fortune telling, etc., as well as

even if some points cannot be—/.accepted.A. W. tionproveago.a stimulusThe beginningto furthersentencesreadingwillof thoseing anypacifistspreparationwho, byor prosecutionopenly opposof

the book. "It wasn't geography that war might tend to strip the nation of its

its war effort. TheTHE BURNING OF THE BOOK made my town. The geography may defense or weaken

(Cecil Mathews, compiler. Published have made the people, but the people author has made a rather complete

by the Compiler, 501 4th Ave., Salt gave us the peculiar and distinct adtreatment of the legal rights involved

has together useful colbrought a that vantages of and town one made my 1947. 48 pages. City, Utah.Lake

lection of court cases with best in the the state summarizafor of growMaine a dozen. $5.0050 cents.

ingup purposes."The author tells tions of the several issues involved.

Jerry C. Mathews, a Baptist minister, about the characters who made the The author has, however, approached

to so antagonistic the Latterday was the subject with stirs a biased the mind all of which town—and book—and thatSaints he threw the Book of Moris in he admits his preface. the readers'book of other memories towns The

mon, left by a passing missionary, on a in other states. M.C.J. well organized and carefully docupile of burning rubbish. As he did so, mented and will not only serve a useful

whispered,a voice "Don't do it, is truth."conconsequentbook The the SEAFOOD AND WILD purposetice of thefor law,thosebutengagedalso officialsin the praccon-

version and the delayed baptism ( 1945 GAME COOK BOOK cerned with the public welfare and the form the interesting and faithpromoting (Theora W. Crosby and Irby Stinnett. general enforcement of the law. For

story told in this pamphlet, in Brother The Naylor Company, San Antonio, the general reading public, it carries

Mathews'own words. There are also Texas. 1948. 177 pages. $2.50.) little interest.—William E. Berrett

a simple, heartfelt testimony by Brother /Complete with contents and index

Mathews'daughter, a sermon and sevthis book will prove a valuable NILS eral poems by him. The Lord continues addition to the cook's shelf of good (Ingri Edgar, Parin d'Aulaire. Illusto speak to honest lovers of—/.truth.A. W. cookery books. The recipes consist of trated. Doubleday and Company., Inc., Garden City, New York. ones—enoughstandby dishesto asaddwellspiceas andsomevarietynew 1948. $2.50.)

meals, to give and any addedROCKY MOUNTAIN CITIES to zest "M"ils'father and mother had come special to the that meals everyone (Edited by Ray B. West, Jr., W. W. wants to have on extraspecial days. from Norway, but Nils was accepted as a regular until and fellowNorton the Co., New section deals sauces with welcome York. A beautiful, handknit pages. stocking $4.00.)1949. 320 from came for seafood will that and wild game Norway. things Then changed interthis cities in—are featuredHTen

until Nils it is learned that altonot in qualified ten esting which book prove a delight to every gourmet.—M. C. /. gether different. bad to be A good citieswriters deal the various with

which have colored and been colored story for the picture book age is this by the Rocky Mountains in which they THE PAGEANT OF newest d'Aulaire book.—MCJ

have arisen. The ten cities, Reno, CHINESE HISTORY

Coeur D'Alene, El Paso, Cheyenne, (Elizabeth Seeger. Third Edition. AMERICAN CHAMPIONS

Albuquerque, Salt Lake City, Tucson, Longmans, Green and Co., New (Gladys Emerson Cook. Illustrated.

Butte, Santa Fe, and Denver, are also York. 414 pages. $3.50.) Macmillan Co., New York.

historical, fascinating cities, which TJTistory is always fascinating and 64 pages. $1.75.)

Casey McWilliams points out in his probably none is more so than that Tn this delightful book the author has introduction: "are more varied, less of China, which is a country of such illustrated and written about six

integrated, more mixed up and unantiquity and of. such differences from great classes of dogs that have won

focused than the cities of other rethe west that its history reads like a prizes: Sporting Dogs, Working Dogs,

gions."The articles are written by novel. The wisdom of the great sages Terriers, NonSporting Dogs, Toy

persons who have lived or are living of China is also included in the book Dogs, and Hounds., In all she has disin the cities described, and although at which makes it doubly valuable. The cussed and drawn seventyfour varietimes the emphasis might be quesculture of China appears also in the ties of prizewinning dogs. The adult

tioned, the information is accurate. book. The final chapter deals with the should find this book particularly enAn interesting book, it will indicate advancement of the Japanese against lightening at the same time that children

some of the problems that need attenthe Chinese—and the author's confident will go into ecstasies over it.—M. C. /.

JULY 1949 "447

obey the law and receive its benefits, or disobey cxxxv.'. What Limitations s4re the law and suffer the consequences.

The man on the housetop cannot with impunity

J-iacea Upon tke Jree Jiaenti jump to the sidewalk. He will probably be dashed

T atterday Saints are a free people. There is no to his death. He who violates the law of natural

coercion among them. They are taught the balance or stability, and spends more money than

truth. They then, at their own peril, accept or he has, finds only misery in his accumulating debt.

reject it. Perhaps no other gospel principle is more Or, he who speaks lightly of education, soon finds

dearly cherished than the rights of free agency, himself without the subtler, higher joys of those which indeed is an eternal quality of intelligence. with opened minds.

This is made clear in several revelations to The free agent must learn, else his agency is

Joseph Smith. One says: of little value, that life, the larger life comes from

"All truth is independent in the sphere in which conformity to law; and that opposition to law

spells death. eventual the Therefore, the man on itself, act for it, to placed as all intelliGod has

1 secures housetop safely a parachute descends and also; existence."otherwise there gence is no

This profound law is applied to daily life in a to the ground; the man in debt saves and goes

sermon by Joseph Smith: without until the debt is paid, and a surplus is

"... all men are created equal, and that all have begun; the unlearned man, who scoffed at educathe privilege of thinking for themselves upon all tion, sets out to seek knowledge and mental trainmatters relative to conscience. Consequently, then, ing.

we are not disposed, had we the power, to deprive This principle holds for the laws of society. The

any one of the exercise of that free independence free agent may not agree with them, but if he is of mind which heaven has so graciously bestowed part of the group, he must comply with the actions upon the human family as one of its choicest of the majority. There is no sorrier sight than a

gifts."8 free agent battling against the laws and regulations

This law has received the support of all Church of his own group; instead of seeking lawful means

leaders. For example, Brigham Young says: to effect the changes desired.

"The volition of the creature is free; this is a This applies also to religious matters. When

law of their existence and the Lord cannot violate the intelligent free agent joins the Church, he his own law.... This is a law which has always accepts and complies with the authorized doctrine

existed from all eternity, and will continue to exist and practice of the Church. If he will not do this,

throughout all the eternities to come. Every inhis free agency will and should lead him out of

telligent being must have the power of choice."8 the Church. But, free agency does not permit a

President Joseph F. Smith likewise confirmed the person to take issue with the prescribed mode of

doctrine life of the organization he has accepted.

is true welfare the great objective of A person's. "... all.. [may] of the Church the members

life. are, that they might "... men have joy.""their express to the will according Godgiven

agency that every man in the world enjoys.... Free agency should be exercised, always and

The freedom of the Latterday Saints has never solely for that purpose. That places a deep obligabeen curtailed nor lessened one whit by their betion upon the free agent. That limits, but happily,

coming members of the Church of Christ.... the great gift of free agency, which should be

There are no freer people upon the face of the used with caution. That becomes a guide to the

earth today than the Latterday Saints."4 free agent, whose right of choice may cut, as a

Really it is the duty of every intelligent creature sharp sword, for right or wrong.

to exercise the right of choice inherent in free When the larger view of life is obtained, free agency. agency and obedience are as twin brothers. MoreThe free agent, however, acts under distinct over, if a person is guided by the power of the

limitations. He may do as he pleases, but there spirit of God, he will use his free agency for the

are bounds to free agency. This is a world of law, welfare of himself and his brethren, and for the

from the laws of God and of nature to the laws of building of the kingdom of God. Then, free

man. The free agent cannot set aside the law, he agency, the great gift of God to his children, will

can only accept it or reject it. That is, he can either deal with the large issues of life, and will not

descend to trivial A. W. quibbles.—/.!D. 6 C. 93:30

Smith, 2Joseph Fielding Teachings the Prophet of Joseph Smith, p. 49 SU Nephi 2:25

sDiscourses edition), (1943 p. 62 Young of Brigham

Gospel Doctrine (1939 edition), p. 47 (Continued on following page)

448 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS

(Continued from preceding page) and seraphim really did have wings. Yet it is more

CXXXUl im an d J)erapkr %m probablethe Lord, andthat servethe beingsas his whomessengers,dwell inare,theaspresenceman, madeof in the image of God.

An indirect answer to the above question was given f ittle is known about the beings known under the by the Prophet Joseph Smith. In explaining a part of

"'above names beyond the fact that they are creatures the Revelation of John, he says that the four beasts in the service of the Lord. Genesis states that the Lord, spoken of in chapter four of Revelation "are figurative

after driving Adam and Eve out of the Garden of Eden, expressions."Later on, he further explains that the

"placed at the east of the garden of Eden cherubims, eyes and wings of the beasts are also symbolical. "Their

and a flaming sword."eyes are a representation of light and knowledge, that

Israel, while in the wilderness, was directed to make is, they are full of knowledge; and their wings are a

a "mercy seat"above the ark, between "two cherubims representation of power, to move, to act, etc. (D, &

of gold"which were to "stretch forth their wings on C, section 77.)

high, covering the mercy seat with their wings."There Undoubtedly, the golden cherubim of the mercy seat,

are frequent references in the Old Testament to these and the seraphim seen in vision by Isaiah were, similarwinged cherubims. ly, figurative of certain heavenly beings. Their wings

Seraphims are mentioned by Isaiah. "I saw also the were symbolical of their power to move and act as in

Lord sitting upon a throne, high and lifted up, and his the case of the four beasts of the book of Revelation.

train filled the temple. Above it stood the seraphims: Such symbolical representations in scripture and painteach one had six wings; with twain he covered his face, ing, of human or divine qualities, have always been

and with twain he covered his feet, and with twain commonly used for the easier comprehension of the he did fly."( Isaiah 6:1, 2. mind. The symbolic use of wings is however never

These references would at first imply that cherubim used in the Church A. W. today.—/.

"V begun work four years ago when he assumed the presidency. They were his class! There was a

*< noteconferringof fellowshipthe degrees.in his heartfelt words before

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., was the comCommencement Day at Brigham Young mencement speaker. Eloquently, in scholarly

fashion, and with flashes of subtle wit, he pointed

University the way to life's happiness, and the nature of that way. He closed with a forceful testimony of the

Tt was a glorious sight! Nearly eight hundred truth of the work resting upon the mission of

young men and women, looking straight and Joseph Smith. The graduates could profitably

stalwart, crossed the platform of the Joseph Smith keep the message near at hand, as a major help

Building to receive their diplomas of graduation on life's journey. The message is eternal.

from Brigham Young University. One of them, Then Elder Stephen L Richards, representing

the valedictorian, Richard Kent Watts, reflected the B.Y.U. board, paid tribute to the noble men

in his excellent address the spirit of the gospel and women who had helped the institution finanwhich is the spirit of the institution. Each of the cially throughout the struggling years—and it is

class, if the spirit of B.Y.U. is retained, would be still struggling. He mentioned especially "Uncle"

a power for good, a builder of peace in a disJesse Knight, whose generosity continues to be traught world. It thrilled the imagination! It felt through the legacies he left behind. Elder

stirred feelings of gratitude for the heapedup Richards pleaded that others, blessed temporally, blessings of this day. The promises of the Lord would share their possessions with the coming day.

to Joseph Smith have not failed. Zion is moving Endowed scholarships and professorships, laboratowards its destined goal. As usual at B. Y. U. tories and libraries would be a blessing to amsome lifting music glorified the occasion. bitious youth, and enduring memorials to the

Behind the pulpit, crowding the platform, sat donors.

the faculty, three hundred strong, who for four It was a great day in the history of a unique years or more had led the graduates into everinstitution. There are many institutions of learnopening fields of truth. Their hearts swelled no ing, which foster splendidly the learning gains of

doubt with satisfaction. The labor and toil, the the centuries. But, there is only one, offering full

weighing and measuring of man against learning collegiate training, Brigham Young University, in were forgotten. Pride in their profession surely which the wisdom of men is saturated and made

crept into their thoughts. The teacher who molds alive with the wisdom of the gospel of Jesus Christ

men to the Lord's desires lives a rich life. Jesus of—the gospel restored through Joseph Smith.

Nazareth was a teacher! Commencement day at Brigham Young UniverThere also sat President Howard S. McDonald. sity was a great event. The Lord bless B.Y.U. and

There was a glow in his face. This class had all connected with it. J. A. W.

JULY 1949 449 Cereal: Cooked or cold with milk and

Meals for the Multitudes sugar

Egg or meat dish: Fried, scrambled,

By Mildred Bowers Hunter boiledbeef hash,eggs,creamedbacon,driedsausages,beef, creamedcorned cod or tuna, etc.

II. M.I.A. Girls at Camp Bread: Toast, sweet rolls, biscuits, hot

cakes, etc., with butter or margarine,

preserves lists, equipment, purchase Menus, Milk if possible will schedules demand Beverages: work

attention in preouting planin- will breakfast simple very The are sessions. meals ning Whether

recipe brings a This book new you fruit, bread, beverage. clude and A organized in a well and prepared collection outstanding of the most fruit, will include breakfast moderate kitchen a professional by equipped recipes submitted westby leading

ern homemakers. Mail a penny cook or by the campers over a cereal or an egg or meat dish, plus

postcard or letter to Morning Milk, barbecue grill, all details must be bread and beverage, while a lusty

P. O. Box 176-X, Salt Yake City, thought of and planned for ahead of breakfast will include both cereal

Utah. It's free to Improvement Era time. and an egg or meat dish. Menus

readers. In developing menus, the commay be expanded to appetites by

mittee must consider the kind and either increasing the size of serving jtfornir amount of equipment available, the of a few dishes or by increasing the aoM*j| Smooth, rich time required to prepare each dish, number of dishes or by both pro- r Cvaporati the skill of those assigned to precedures. It should be kept in mind

alwill dishes that egg meat and kinds the of food the food, MORNING pareWttW NAPOMTtD If cost cereal. cost than more ways activities available, other and the MILK being planned in which all campers is a serious problem, the meat and

will participate. egg dishes may be reserved for dinWhile plenty of nourishing food ner meals.

is essential to the health and wellbeing of the campers, the foods proLunch:to renewAt lunchour purposeswe gatherwithto restfoodawhile,and

gram should support rather than smiles.

dominate the educational and recreational activities. Simple menus Hot dish: Creamed soup or vegetable

chowder or a meat substitute dish, that demand a minimum of time and such as macaroni and cheese, Italian effort for preparation are the most spaghetti, baked beans, etc.

effective means to this end. The problem of inexperience of committee Salad: Fresh fruit or vegetable salad

members is reduced by planning Bread: Bread and butter, margarine or

simple menus. The fact that a longpeanut butter

er time is required to cook foods in Dessert: Cookies and/or fruit

ACCORDION TYPE DOORS boiling water when camping at high Beverage: Fruitade altitudes will also influence menu

Save Space planning. Certain kinds of food that Sack lunch for hike days:

of ConvenEliminate Area Swing will three of over hold days a period vegetable, egg, Sandwich: and Meat tional Doors Type of time. prepared ahead be cheese, butter, may etc., on whole peanut Duty Double do Rooms Make

lettuce grain bread with for boiled potatoes cakes, Cookies, of Colors Variety Wide

Assure Easy. Trouble Free Opersalads or fries are examples. Relish:sticks, tomatoesPotato chips, celery, carrot

ation TITen u patterns serve the same purFruit: Orange

Snack: Raisins

pose as do dress patterns in mmli:rn('fii% o <> le *i the construction of a dress that is Dinner: At dinner, everyone with festive

becoming to the wearer. The folcheer, recalls the pleasures of the year,

in a friendly way, supanew lowing patterns will be of help to pledging or Write Phone for the M.I.A. port and love you: Literature for Free

Breakfast: A "Good Breakfast"to start Main dish: Meat, fish or meat extender

the day will provide needed energy for dish such as meat balls, cold sliced vegetameats, beef pot roast, and meat play. and both work Salt Lake 1343ALDER'SSo. Main

sardines, ble stew, meat canned salmon

Phone 7-1531 chili, etc. pie, omlette, eggs, scrambled Fruit: Fresh, canned, or stewed dried

450 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Vegetables: Potato, rice (or noodles),

one serving plus one other vegetable, peas, green beans, corn on cob, stewed tomatoes, raw cabbage slaw, raw caretc. fruit salad, rot, and I nub Td&-MoJptk& Soap

fruit, cookies and/or Dessert: Canned

cake, jelled dessert, pudding, cobbler

Beverage: Milk and/or water

are suggestive menus for a I let mild FelsNaptha suds—squeeze themHerethreeday campout with quanmy lovely lace curtains soak in

tities for fifty ( meals to be prepared through the suds and then rinse.

by the campers on outdoors recreaThey stretchdry so soft and fresh tion area stoves ) and spotless—they're just like new.

Tuesday Breakfast Food [or fifty

Cn. Apricots 8-9 qts.

Prepared Cereal / c Milk 4 lbs. / 6 qts.

Heated Sweet Rolls 6 doz.

Butter or Margarine 1 lb. **0\

Milk 12 qts. fresh

I aw f-Nojitfia Soap Tuesday Lunch Corn Chowder 5 gal.

Cabbage and Apple Salad 2-3 gal.

Crackers 3 lb.

Peanut Butter 3 lb. No diaper rash for my young man

Cookies.9 doz.—and no diaper bleaching either.

Fruitade 3-5 gal. Just gentle FelsNaptha Soap that removes

very stain and every trace of odor.

Tuesday Dinner Fried Ham 1820 lb. J"

Potato Salad 2]/2 gal.

Green Beans 2 No. 10 tins

Bread 4 24 oz.

Butter 1 lb.

Watermelon 100 lb.

Wednesday Breakfast

Grapefruit Juice 6 46oz. tins I \m T&'Ho$h& Soap

Scrambled Eggs 6 doz.

Bacon Pieces 3 lb. Geauufcitf frith

Toast 4 24oz.

Preserves 3 pts. I like my sweaters Xofit.

- Milk So I always wash them inside out

Wednesday Lunch (sack) in gentle FelsNaptha suds. They dry

Sandwiches (1-2 each) 4-8 doz. soft and fresh and absolutely clean.

Potato Chips. 2 lb.

Carrot Sticks 10 lb.

Orange 50 Raisins 6 lb.

Wednesday Dinner

Hamburger Patties or - 1215 lb.

Sardines /c Lettuce and 16 12oz. tins FelsNaptha is so very, very gentle because it contains

Cucumbers naptha. mild, golden soap and active great 1 two cleaners—

lb. Potatoes 10 Fried harsh dirt completely—without it removes This is why tins Peas 2 No. 10 Green

Bread and Butter cleaning action... and helps all your lovely

Applesauce Cake 3-4 cakes things stay clean and fresh and new!

Thursday Breakfast

Apple Sauce 8-9 gts.

Hot Cakes 5 lb. pancake flour

Bacon Strips 5 lb.

Butter or Margarine 1H lb.

Syrup 3 pts. MADE IN PKILA.

Milk - BY FELS 8. CO.

Thursday Lunch FOR EXTRA CLEANING ACTION USE

Baked Beans 3 No. 10 tins

plus 2 No. 23 tins Fruit Cocktail Salad 2 No. 10 tins or FelsNaptha Soap

tins 8 No. iy2 MILD, GOLDEN SOAP AND ACTIVE NAPTHA on page {Continued 452)

JULY 1949. )

STARKIST MONTEREY Homing (Continued /rom page 451 Bread 4 24oz loaves Butter 1 lb.

Fig Bars 5-7 lbs.

Fruitade 3-5 gal,

Thursday Dinner

Barbecued Franks 1215 lbs, Italian Spaghetti 3 No. 10 tins

Tossed Vegetable Salad 4 gal.

Bread and Butter see above Cn. Peaches 8-9 qts.

Cookies 8-9 doz.

The portions available from these quantities are liberal. increase An SERVES* price does not includeSIXpopoversFORor patty shells844 of ten percent in the total quantity

Made in one pot in 15 minutes Hat! of foods other than meats should

Serve on popovers made ahead of time, or provide enough food for boys at buy patty shells at the bakery. Elegant for camp.

luncheons! (For heartier family meal serve The following basic large equipon rice or noodles.) Use StarKist Tuna for ment is essential: Insectproofed,

superb flavor... because only the smaller, ventilated storage area for nonper-

milder, naturally bettertasting tuna go ishable food supplies, an insectinto the StarKist pack! Buy Solid Pack or proofed mechanically refrigerated

STARKIST TUNA MONTEREY or ice, or aircooled storage water Style, StarKist Chunk

. Ice 3. sauce; cream Mo Add; foods, for perishable cabinet a saniis tblsp. 3 Quality butter the oz. StarKist can 7 Same! Fancy

flour tblsp. 3 Solid Pack (or Chunk tary supply; preparation water

1 milk cup Style) Tuna tables dining space with and stoves,. tblsp. 2 chopped green in: Blend FREE RECIPE TUNA BOOK pepper 02. I-IOV2 tables area with benches; and and Makes Planning Menu Easy tblsp. can mush- 2 chopped soup room Economical, kitchentested facilities pimiento tuna insectproofed V* for storage tsp. salt

Vt tsp. pepper recipes, 24page booklet! 1 cup whole kernel corn Write of garbage. Unless dishwashing StarKist Tuna, Terminal Island, 4. 2 inutes Simmer serve and on equipment procedures are apshells, and California, vers, rice, popo or noodles Department E-7.

proved by the board of health, food "AtMm. I sure like this should be served on paper dishes.

Needed small equipment will inPEACH JAM. Hope you

clude water buckets, dish pans, 2-3 made a lot!'u>'es... thanks to M.C.P. gallon kettles (preserving kettles

PECTIN, I was amazed Ss may be used), frying pans, and/or how much more I got.. grills, wooden cutting boards, woodand so quickly and easily, tool'en spoons, spatulas, rubber scraper,

egg beater, fruit juicer, can opener, paring knives, carving knives, %w:;)Qfe/ Wonderful FRESH PEACH JAM

ladles, scoops, etc.

...one/ More of/,... TAKES ONLY MINUTES

with the accordance schedTn work Way. M.C.P. Easy The ules suggested below, 1 Recipe) enough (For

.ugar; 3 lbs peaches; ripe (ladles, scoops, lbs. equipment 4 M.o.r. or wwffpackservice 2 lemons Pectin- m fullyr P paraffin. glasses; etc. spoons, to ) must be provided sevenounce HERE'SYOU BUY!WHAT onfuiceflo

equip service each preparation fruit. Add and grind pit peaches; and peel, Wash, WHAT HERE'S unit. 1.i/4 juice. complete smallequipment The lemon Ji'-cup DO! *| YOU kettle. large fruit into crushed cups level list 4 can after be compiled only conMelsutly necessary. f U cup. last out to fill water (Add constantly. sulting the taking menus, note Pectin,stirwell,bringtoboil,shmng SmJmCP the equipment that will be needed ofin

the preparation and service of each dish included in any one meal. UsuSKJsasSKHE

ally much of the equipment needed sealing with fresh paraffin. to serve one meal will be identical

10 SEVEMOUMCE GLASSES with that needed to serve another. MMM 'AIA pEACH OF FRESH in order to avoid forgetHowever, i i 'ir"WsV'Ever Tas.ed! Yo Fruit Elvor Fresh ting opener, sacks matches, the can with Finest

for packed lunches or other such \ml \ggj \gj W items, indispensable every menu get paraffin can't If you'the "hot.. - seal"sealmethod.,n.|a instead f glasses by in detail. should be considered **A8*1*1

Tffoie fo*<t** 7%o*ttf IN THE NEW & LARGER PACKAGE Work Schedules [or Cooperative

Preparation of Meals: In groups

452 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

where all work is to be handled cooperatively the following plan for dividing work, delegating responsibility and rotating assignments can be effectively applied. For

groups larger than 50 the number of working units may be increased or the number of members on each committee may be increased, the former being preferable.

Plan: Decentralize food preparation, using three preparation units

and three service units. Assign one

committee to each unit for each meal. For a group of 50 assign five

girls to each nine food committees rotating assignments according to the following plan:

Supervision: Group leaders serve

as advisers in both planning and execution of plans. Assign special

managers or foremen as follows:

One foods manager for each of the three days, one camp maintenance manager and one camp activity manager. Select one girl in each of

the nine work groups to act as chairman of her group.

The managers work directly under the counsel of the group leaders and direct the work committee chairmen. A few of the special

duties of food managers include the issuing of food supplies to committee chairmen, instructing in the use of equipment, coordination of the Profitable and Enjoyable three preparation units, and overall supervision. Within each comyour attendance at I, D. S.

mittee one member could be assetting tables tosigned and the Business College meal. to of the preparationothers

Cafeteria Service: Though the You'll enjoy attending the L. D. S. Business

facilities, its excellent College, with highlyabove plan decentralizes preparafaculty, competent atmosphere. and friendly

tion of the food, the entire group You'll profit by the thorough, intensive eat together. The manner of orbusiness training you'll receive.

ganization increases the speed and Beginning and advanced training the year efficiency with which meals for the around... with the added benefit of

group may be prepared and served. expert employment services for graduated

When prepared, the food can very Information gladly furnished and advanced students.

readily and quickly be served cafeon request. Returned Missionaries: You'll want to join

teria style. Three lines of seventeen Ln the many activities of our missionary

people may be served in one third organization.

the time required to serve 50 people from one service unit. DecentralBUSINESS COLLEGE

ized cafeteria service is advisable for 70 North Main Salt Lake Citylarge groups even when it is posLD.S.

sible to prepare the total quantity of food in one lot.

Cleanup: The cleanup after a Delicious PARTYBest PUNCHFor

In Six Popularmeal is as important to camp morale SUNVISTA Flavors as the food. Each committee should BLACKEYED PEAS Orange, Cherry,

carry through, leaving equipment BUTTERBABY LIMABEANSBEANS Lime,StrawberryRaspberry,and and working area in an immaculate GREENPINTO BEANSCHILI PEPPERS STARTUPGrapeCANDY condition. Added incentive for overAt Your Grocers COMPANY

(Continued on page 454) Provo, Utah

JULY 1949 453

Homing DATE (Continued from page 453) all excellence in performance may

BAIT! beachievementoffered byprograms.giving credit toward

There are many details, not mentioned here, which will present themselves for consideration as you think about and plan for your outing. By reason of this forethought,

the success of your outing is assured. Happy camping!

Cookbooks: Food for Fifty, There's nothing like a sand

Fowler and West, John Wiley and wich made of improved Sons, N.Y. 1941 j Recipes at Mod-

/<i // erate Cost, Hart, F. S Croft and

stomach. And the extra wise, Co., N.Y. 1938.

GmZec67tf/VA onesmadeknowwith "Bitesize"that sandwichestuna

Wise gals realize that the way hit the spot like nothing else to a man's heart is via the does

Always packed 6V2 oz.

Contents to a can. Net

Josephine B. Nichols

ContentB"for "Net Look on label every time you buy Crated Tuna. Pome out and get it—family meals

served out of doors are lots of fun, and good eating too. Specialize in

Trademark of Van Camp Sea Food Co. Inc., Terminal Island, Calif. meals that are tasty and easy to prepare.

Backyard Buffet

Grilled Hamburgers on Buns New Home Pots of Beans Baked REPLACES Pllfiflfflll Individual Relish Plate

Canning Big Bowl of Fresh Raspberries

Wax ningHere's waxa homethatcanis SugarSponge Cake SquaresCream simple to apply and JW remove but gives Patio Luncheon <>'perfect and permanent Tuna Salad Filled Buns

Potato Chips protection. SURESEAL

Pickles Olives is the ever develfirst wax Strawberry Ice Cream oped expressly for home canCookies ning. Try it and SEE the differLemonade

ASK ence.

YOUR Costs No More Than rdinary Paraffin Outdoor Grilled Breakfast

GROCER BE SURE WITH SURESEAL French FriedChilledToastPineappleLittle JuicePork Sausages

Assorted Jams and Jellies Tall Glasses of Cold Milk Homemade Doughnuts

Sunset Supper BIND YOUR "ERAS"each month as they come Scalloped PotatoesGrilled Steaks Corn on Cob

We have a sturdy, convenient looseleaf-type binder TomatoFrench Breadand Cucumberor Hard SlicesRolls

Watermelon Wedges that holds 12 ERAS. Easily inserted or removed

Grilled Hamburgers The supply is limited—$1.25 postpaid 1 Yi pounds ground round or chuck beef

While they last \ x/2 teaspoons salt

J4 teaspoon pepper THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 61 teaspoontablespoonsWorcestershiremilk sauce 50 No. Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah milk.CombineShape groundinto eightbeef,pattiesseasonings,about oneand

half inch thick. Quickly grill hamburgers

454 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA or broil until done. Turn once, split, butter, and lightly toast bun halves. Put buns

together with a juicy hamburger, a tomato slice, onion rings, and crisp lettuce.

Individual Pots of Baked Beans

2 16ounce cans of pork and beans 4 tablespoons brown sugar Y2 teaspoon dry mustard Yl cup catsup 4 slices bacon, cut in 1-inch pieces

Combine ingredients, bake in individual bean pots or ramekins, place bacon pieces on top, cover, and bake twenty minutes at (350), uncover and bake twenty minutes. Serves eight.

Tuna Salad Filled Buns

2 cups tuna diced cucumber cup THE WITH celery AMAZING chopped cup love Homemakers Tang x/2l/2 pickles sweet chopped 4. dressing other.. for no

3 hardcooked eggs appetitestirring such adds salt teaspoon J4 WINKLER foods. ir to so many appeal 1 of juice lemon *Low Prtstut*

.. salads,. for mayonnaise Better ways 5

sandwiches, seafoods, cold 6 buns OIL meats and appetizers. Try it. Combine ingredients except lemon juice. Year* ahead BURNERin daign, the

Sprinkle with lemon juice and moisten with Winkler LP* U tha remedy far mayonnaise, chill. Remove a slice from top tha high heating cast* af

of fresh bun, remove crumbs from center. conventional ell banters.

Fill with chilled tuna salad.

French Fried Toast FROMmm 2 eggs

Yi cup milk., HlRl GOODn*VORSGRO* 34 teaspoon salt

4 slices bread

Beat eggs, combine with milk and salt.

Dip bread in egg mixture. Place small

amount of fat on griddle, heat and brown, toast evenly. Serve hot with hot syrup or in BerNARd

jam. LIDS Tfome OmH&t& CAPS &

Homemade Doughnuts The "Seal of Qualify"2 eggs Oil Burner moneyCost is a LP* Extra Winkler 1 The No sugar cup—at

in carefree, economiinvestment making butter 3 tablespoons seal that in freshgarden you goodAs It is latest the development heating. cal sifted flour cups

*. with ness BerNARdin Caps. you 43 designassuring burner in pressure 1 low vanilla teaspoon

can be confident of blueribbon success l/2 teaspoon nutmeg complete oil atomization and premixing air. resistant because: Foodacid teaspoons 2 cream tartar of enamel f$

1 soda teaspoon gives additional plus undercoats two If is larger than a present burner your salt teaspoon J/2 sanitary foodsafe protection; you 1 unit, are the chances hour gallon per

1 milk cup to that throwing you are builtin away latex rings from 30% insure Real a high overfiring of in wasteful heat your 50% seal; are Lids vacuum beat, sugar, BerNARdin eggs add and Combine

.. is overthe burner simply because sifted butter, ingredients add dry melted bettercan't they "nest"; so packed to trouble..sized service prevent milk. floured alternately a Roll with on rings tight"threaded "set but come

thickness. to inch onehalf and Cut to the crude Winkler LP* burn Ask see to board off conveniently; embossing no frying. let before twentyminutes stand Fry

oils, oil, light drainings, crankcase heavy features these commetal—all weaken fat, five for in at (385) minabout deep

bined, are exclusive with BerNARdin utes. oils, catalytic oils. Winkler challenges

—at no extra cost! Better order your any other burner to pass these tests.

Season's supply now. Scalloped Potatoes You'll see why the Winkler LP* will give

6 mediumsized potatoes you better, safer, more economical heat- 3 tablespoons butter ing.

tablespoons 2 flour ELBERT R. CURTIS A. RAY CURTIS 3 cups milk

1 teaspoon salt 34 teaspoon pepper grated cheese 1 cup A. Ray Curtis Co.

potatoes, Pare slice thin, make white sauce of butter, flour, milk, and cheese. Distributors

casserole, in greased half potatoes the Put seasonings. half the sauce, with cover Add 2205 Highland Drive

remaining potatoes, seasonings, then reSalt Lake City maining sauce. Cover and bake in moderately hot oven (400) one hour. Uncover, or

and continue baking until top forms brown See Your Local Dealer crust.—JULY 1949

Use of Quorum Funds for

Missionary Purposes

A ll Melchizedek Priesthood quorums may properly collect and disburse funds for missionary purposes. Seventies quorums, in particular, are enthe following observation by way of Performing Priesthood instructioncouraged to collect and disburse, each

year, substantial sums for such purOrdinations In reference to the form of procedure poses. mentioned on page 136, and that set forth

Sums received or collected for mis- ""\17hat is the proper method and in this addendum as adopted by the leadsionary work should not be diverted to terminology for conferring the ing authorities of the Church from the beother uses, but limitations on the use priesthood?"This question is frequentginning, our beloved and departed Presiof such funds within the field of misly asked, although an authoritative dent, Joseph F. Smith, when questioned

concerning decided, them, as of record, "It adopted. not activity be shouldsionary the subject issued declaration was on

is difference,"without a a distinction and adopted limitations been haveIf such several First years the Presidency by will "either do."it force, in are quorums and nowby It for ago. the herewith is published

therefore, Persons, orbeen have who to rescind wise be them. Whenwould guidance of all concerned:

in either right dained the ofto way hold to quorums, howare donatedmonies all ficiate in their duties the of respective trust of the in nature areever, which this subject disputes over prevent To offices in the priesthood.

is, expressthe donor thatfunds, when.. the [conferring priesthood] draw. we Grant, Heber J. is condihis grant that stipulatesly until that fact recently, attention to the Lund, Anthon H. the quoof the agreementtioned upon of the Smith, the Prophet from days Joseph Charles Penrose, W. specific for the to ordinations priesthood directly the funds a to were spendrum First Presidency.

purpose, and no other, such funds must to the office therein for which the recipient (Ibid., p. 541.)

be expended in accordance with such was chosen and appointed, in form subagreement. stantially as follows:

this connection it is well to rememQuorums should not restrict their exAs to the Melchizedek Priesthood—"By In

penditures to the interest earned from authority (or in the authority) of the Holy ber that no exact form of procedure laying forth the of set in hands, Priesthood revelations. and has the on been by funds. missionary of investmentthe

I (or ordain (or Elder Sevan we) you of ordination method expressed The itself spent should and principal beThe Priest, enty, Patriarch, or or or High the in of chapter Moroni, 3, Bookreplenished.

, in Apostle, as the case be) the Church may only the general principles mentions for is quorum entirely proper any It of Saints, of Christ Latterday Jesus and closes involved the and with adaid to funds its missionaryto use all rights, the confer powers, upon you "... that monition they ordained them sisters priests, or seventies, highelders, this office keys, pertaining authority to and

in their missionary work. The only and calling in the Holy Melchizedek Priestby the power of the Holy Ghost, which

exception to this would be the case hood, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ was in them."(Moroni 3:4.) Current

where a donor expressly provides that Amen."instructions in the Melchizedek Priesthis grant be limited to a narrower field. As to the Lesser Priesthood—"By (or hood Handbook are in perfect accord

Prospective donors to missionary funds in) the authority of the Holy Priesthood I with all of the foregoing. The followshould be discouraged from imposing (or we) lay my (or our) hands upon your ing excerpts are taken from page 86

restrictions as to the ways in which head and ordain you a Deacon (or other of that handbook:

their grants may be expended. office in the Lesser Priesthood) in the

Saints, of of Christ Latterday Jesus Church set are in the few forms There Church. appropriate find to unable Quorums

all rights, confer the and upon powyou Spirit directs priesthood. the Holy The within funds their missionaryuses of

office this ers authority to pertaining and set following Rather than the forms, brethareas, might stake ortheir quorum in in calling Priesthood, the and Aaronic live that ren should the so they have may of the use of refer the matterproperly Christ. the of the Jesus Lord Amen."name inspiration Spirit of the of called when God

the of presidency the to fundssuch F. President Doctrine, (Gospel Joseph officiate in to the ordinances. upon Then

stake and if no demand for such funds Smith, p. 541, 1939 edition.) their prayers will be simple, direct, apfor missionary purposes be found in propriate and effective in the sight of God.

the stake, the stake presidency may This explanation was deemed necesThe only forms, either for prayers or confer with the missionary committee sary due to a misunderstanding which ordinances outside the temple, in which the is specifically prescribed are thoseof the Church as to where the money had arisen due to a misinterpretation of wording misfor to the advantageously baptism administraand usedmight be instructions the of President Joseph F. pertaining

... the tion of sacrament. not set forms should funds work. Nosionary Such stated: Smith wherein he

in revealed have been pertaining our day idle. lie conand to Wisebe permitted

tinuous use is imperative.... the priesthood is a general authority to the... conferring the priesthood....

essential elements that are two The each offices qualification certain or auor with The Council of the Twelve shall ordinance the be performed auby thorities thereto. Consequently appended

thority of in the priesthood the and name of the conferring priesthood the should... Christ. of Jesus

ordination the to precede and accompany

Our religion is nothing more nor office, unless it be possessed by previous Brethren officiating in ordinances should

referred to above, but exercise—theless thansystemthe trueof lawsorderby ofwhichheaventhe bestowalcannot possessand ordination.an appendageSurelyto the apriestman nottwo repeatcases memorized prayers, except in

gods and the angels are governed. hood without possessing the priesthood the privilege of blessing people and perAre they governed by law? Ceritself, which he cannot obtain unless it forming other ordinances under the inspiratainly* There is no being in all be authoritatively conferred upon him. tion of the Lord. It follows that faith,

the eternities but what is gov- (Ibid., pp. 136137.) humility, and purity of life should rule the

erned by law. Who desires to lives of all bearing the priesthood that "the

have liberty and no law? They vessels of the Lord"might be pure and

upon the foregoing decreceptive to the inspiration and the direcwho are from beneath.—Brigham Commenting

Young. laration, the First Presidency issued tion of the Almighty.

456 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA would be obtained to implement the new youth recreation program needed in the city. That was a problem for

the city council to solve was the reply.

We will get it by continuing the sale of licenses was the position taken by

CONDUCTED BY THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE the new councilman.

bitter disTWELVE—HAROLD B. LEE, CHAIRMAN; EZRA TAFT BENSON, MARK E. PETERSEN, Thus the good man was a

HENRY D. MOYLE, MARION G. ROMNEY, THOMAS E. MC KAY, CLIFFORD E. YOUNG, appointment to his friends. His vote

ALMA SONNE, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, ANTOINE R. WINS, RICHARD L. EVANS, OSCAR A. said in effect: dollars are more preKIRKHAM, S. DILWORTH YOUNG, MILTON R. HUNTER, BRUCE R. MC CONKIE cious than souls. And surprising and

disappointing as the fact is, many other ordination are issued directly by the good people when put to the test also

Quorums Responsible for First Council of the Seventy. These fail to see that in the last analysis it is

are sent to the person ordained. At the really a question as to which is the

Ordination Certificates same time a letter is sent to the stake more precious, dollars or souls. On

clerk notifying him of the ordination. this question the underworld, the

'T'he following instructions are given This letter is prepared in triplicate so money grabber and the godless always in the Melchizedek Priesthood the additional copies may be sent to stand united on the side of dollars and

Handbook concerning the issuance of the ward clerk and quorum president their flatteries, specious arguments, and certificates of ordination: concerned. Here again, unless the false claims usually win supporters

stake clerk actually forwards such letfrom the ranks of thoughtless but wellordained a person has been When a ters to those concerned, the record of meaning people.

priest elder)high (or receive should he ordination This never be entered. may "Certificate of signed Ordination"a by

the president and secretary of the quorum. inevitably results in incomplete records Congratulations

It is later date. imand confusion at a at- "Certification of Ordination,"The This column warmly congratulates for these responsible that those portant to the Certificate,tached should be completed, detached and sent to the ward clerk activities follow through carefully and and commends the Utah State Legisof the ward in which the newly ordained consistently. These brethren should do lature of 1949 for defeating measures

candidate is resident in order to provide all in their power to insure these certito permit sale of liquor by the drink, the proper information for the ward recficates being prepared and issued acto license slot machines, to legalize ords. These certificates should be precurately and promptly. parimutuel betting on horse races and

served carefully as an evidence of ordinaIt will be helpful if stake presidencies for passing a measure to facilitate contion. will please call this matter to the atviction of drunken driving by legalizing

Upon presentation of a "Certificate of tention of each quorum presidency and chemical tests for alcohol in the blood.

Ordination,"a person may be admitted to ascertain whether or not each quorum In this respect the recommendations of in of the his votemembership quorum by put Council Safety were the National is certificates the proper with provided provided accepted has hemembers, been legislature the into law. However, perordination to enable of to them in the of which he wardas a member local option comfailed to give to Utah this function. additional supform An Ifresides. "Certificate not a does he have

of Ordination"and the membership record ply of such certificates for stakes may munities.

card upon which he is received in the be ordered by stakes direct from the We also congratulate and commend ward names his priesthood, this record General Priesthood Committee, 47 the voters in several cities in Idaho should be accepted as evidence that he East South Temple, Salt Lake City 1, who in the spring elections outlawed holds the office specified, unless there is Utah. This is a procedure which sale by the drink and slot machines, or

proof to the contrary. (Page 62.). should be established firmly in all "onearmed bandits."They learned by

stakes so the desired results may be bitter experience of the demoralizing

This secretarial duty has not been forthcoming. influence of these underworldsup-

discharged too efficiently by quite a ported evils, which were legalized on a number of quorums. Two primary diflocal option basis by the legislature of

ficulties arise when this matter is neg1947. Two years'experience with

lected. In the first place, the newly orNO-LIQUORTOBACCO these evils created a demand for their

priest elderdained or high has no COLUMN elimination. establish validity to the of hisrecord

Conducted certifiordination. unless Secondly, a Traffic the Liquor by What

Dr. Joseph F. Merrill attachedcate of ordination the and and Wants, How

certification of ordination are prepared the thepromptly, quorum and ward Dollars or Souls, Which? 'T'hereing asoughtto towhatbe nothemisunderstandliquor traffic ordinarecord of such amay not have

tiin having taken place. A city election was to be held. His wants. Here it is:

Ward clerks are required to secure friends induced a good man to It wants the right to sell liquor anywhere information regarding ordinations of stand for the office of city councilman in the United States—all kinds of liquor. It

high priests and elders from the certifiand they got him elected. The resultant wants to sell in business districts and resication of ordination attached to each jubilation was general, for his friends dential districts, downtown and in the

certificate. This certification is used to wanted repeal and amendment of cersuburbs. It wants to sell in liquor stores,

provide the necessary information for tain city ordinances that permitted sale cocktail rooms, beer joints, restaurants, bus entry in the ward membership record. by the drink, and slot machines, at stations, places of public recreation and

entertainment. these * certificatesUnless "joints,"and the of course. atlicensed The friends

local option anywhere. It not does want are preparedtached certifications and of the a meeting attended of reform group of or It not does any man want

distributed, ward records will continue council and presented their request for men or any majority in any state, county, to be incomplete and inaccurate. changes in the ordinances. Their reprecinct, to be legally able to say, "No,"

In the case of brethren ordained to cently elected friend asked if the to what the liquor traffic wants to do.

the office of seventy, certificates of changes were made where the money (Concluded on page 460)

JULY 1949 457

\fV2mm*- LD.S. Girls The Genial Group Adviser Adult Members—Aaronic Priesthood

A lesson in Honesty Stimulating Ideas

A young woman seventeen years of HT'he committee for the adult members age, had been adjudged eligible to of the Aaronic Priesthood of the receive the Individual Certificate of Terreton Ward, Rigby Stake, is reAward for 1948. The bishop made apsponsible for the following stimulating

plication for the award which was sub- A. C. TUCKER ideas

sequently filled out in the Presiding 1. The ward committee hold a "planBishop's Office and sent to the ward ning meeting"the first Monday in

authorities for presentation. each month. Cottage meetings,

Before the award was presented, the priesthood meetings, and other acyoung lady again made a careful check tivities are planned and machinery of her income for the year and found, set in motion to insure success.

her surprise, that to shemuch somehow C. the adviser to Tucker, group adult A. mem- 2. held, are meetings cottage Weekly

bers of Priesthood the Aaronic in the Jacksonville full tithing. quite not paid a had She lessons are given members by is Stake, The his for Ward, friendly known

felt confident the through smile.had that is year convert recent to the Church, a he AFlorida man assignteaching group. of the No of in action. but few words a dynamo Cottage meetdollar ofevery income carebeen had ings, visits to numerous is tor the brethren he whom conare ments who made—those responsible, priesthood a weekly and class meeting tithed fully it as she had intended voluntarily. lessons so the duct do with indicate them quality his the of leadership and

be.should his the of devotion measure to the the of work in priesthood the Interest 3. weekly Lord. brethren of the have reactivated Many been Individual Certificate of Her Award in priesthood his work through sincere in interest in the stimulated has been meeting

theirwas already in the hands of her bishop all by spiritualwho knowwelfare.him. He is loved and respected following manner:

anand the award been night had Elder attributes his Tucker success adult with the the class is (a) of Each member members of the Aaronic Priesthood to personalnounced. she do? One What should visits in their and homes conviction a looseleaf that their with a presented

of the requirements for the award Lord.salvation is of vital importance and delight to the folder.

specifies tithing. a girl a full must pay consisting of (b) poems, A page,

let it sheShould and go by make it up Aaronic Priesthood Choristers faithof thought, and gems 1 year?next embarrassing EveryHow is stories, placed promoting

one knew she had been included in the the folder each week—the Looking Ahead in list.

material furnished being by What would you have done? 'T'he summer months should afford an the ward committee. MemUnafraid of what her associates excellent opportunity for stake bers must be in attendance at

would say, nor concerned about what Aaronic Priesthood choristers to comthe priesthood meeting to obthey would think, she declined the plete their chorus organization in the tain the weekly addition to award and asked that it be returned to wards so that musically active fall, the folder.

the Presiding Bishop's Office. She did winter, and spring seasons will be posnot want something she had not earned. sible. The foregoing ideas in actual operaThe approval of friends could not be Each ward bishop should be ention have built up a wealth of interest

compared with the divine approval of couraged to appoint a ward Aaronic in the work in the Terreton Ward.

the Lord who delights in an honest Priesthood chorister and organist. Success has been the result of "making

heart. If she could not have the apThese two officers "should be chosen a model before thou buildest."

proval of both, she preferred to please from among the bearers of the priestthe Lord. hood wherever possible."Where beardepartment of the stake priesthood

Though her failure to pay an honest ers of the priesthood with musical leadership meeting for Aaronic Priesttithing was entirely an oversight, due training are not available, and where hood choristers and organists. An

to an error in bookkeeping, she still no such can be induced to become in- "order of business"for this special dewould not accept the award knowing terested in these appointments, women partment is found on page eleven of she had not paid a full tithing. may be asked to fill these positions. the Aaronic Priesthood Choristers'

Here is an example in honesty well Preparation should also be underHandbook, with the outlines for the deserving of emulation. way for holding the separate departmonthly lessons appearing in Part

ment within the Aaronic Priesthood Three.

DEACONS, NORTH SHORE WARD, CHICAGO

STAKE, EXCEL IN PRIESTHOOD WORK

Bishop Merrill Maughan, North Shore Ward, Chicago Stake, proudly presents his appreciative deacons with a Standard Quorum Award tor 1948. General

Secretary Wilbur C. Woolf looks on approvingly.

In addition to earning the quorum award, seven out of the nine members enrolled received the

Aaronic Priesthood Individual Corticate of Award for excellence in priesthood work during the year.

Here is a challenging record for other quorums throughout the Church.

458 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Chatted bu cU.ee yv. f-aumer

Special to Aaronic Priesthood Leaders Ward Teaching Companions

OUTLINE OF SIUDY DISCONTINUED IN WARD YOUTH

LEADERSHIP MEETING HPhe Outline of Study, heretofore are not being used enough to justify presented during the Ward Youth continuation. Our groups devote most

Leadership meeting each month, will be of the time to a study of immediate discontinued beginning with August problems—such as attendance, proj1949. This study course has been pubects, outings, activities"; (6) "I think

lished each month on this page in The this should be more of a business meetImprovemet Era and on the Presiding ing than a study meeting"; (7) "Do

Bishopric's Page in the Church Section away with the instructions. Make the

of The Deseret News. time available to the bishop and his

It should be distinctly understood youth leaders"; (8) "Our ward comthat this change does not in any other mittees have plenty to do without using

way alter the recommendations for the the outline"; (9) "Many refuse to atthis tend because too meeting much of theholding Leadership Ward Youth JAMES B. KERSEY JERALD W. ALLEN

I should time is used on instruction.meeting month, each nor the order of

business thereof. like to see the time used as a checkworkingWe presenttogethera ratherin theunusualJeromepairFirstof wardWard,teachersBlaine

is age, of eighty years Stake. B. Kersey, James

Allen, Jerald greatgrandson, We suggest a careful reading of the up and assignment period"; (10) "I proud to W. have his

remainder of this article setting forth believe the lessons should be disconfourteen, as his ward teaching companion. They

the reasons behind this change which tinued. All wards need the time for havefect teachingbeen companionsrecord duringfor onethatyeartime.and have a perwe consider a big step forward in our assignments to visit the inactive"; ( 11

youth program. "Most bishops spend too much time

discussing the lessons instead of checkReal Objectives of Monthly

Survey Completed ing on boys'and girls'activities"; (12) Ward Youth Leadership Meeting

"I feel the lessons are unnecessary and

We have just completed a survey time consuming. In my understanding, A careful study of the opinions

of the opinions of stake chairmen of the purpose of the youth meeting is quoted above should bring into sharp

Aaronic Priesthood as to whether the to devise ways and means of bringing focus the foundational objectives of

Outline of Study should be continued in the inactive, and retaining active the Ward Youth Leadership meeting.

as part of the Ward Youth Leadership youths close to the gospel, which I With the elimination of the outline of meeting each month. The idea to conthink will more than consume the time study, all of the time of the monthly

duct the survey grew out of an inof the meeting without a lesson to meeting can now be devoted to the creasing number of observations that cover."consideration of the individual boy and

the order of business for the meeting girl as his or her activities and conwas too heavy and that the logical part duct are related to the standards of to be discontinued might well be the All Opinions Analyzed the Church. Rolls and records can be

outline of study. Stake chairmen were used more effectively in making more

invited to be very frank in expressing While the above opinions, and many and more assignments to youth leaders their opinions which have been the others, were in favor of discontinuing to go out and visit the wayward, the basis for the decision to discontinue the outline of study, it should be said, inactive, and bring them into the this part of the youth leadership meetin fairness to all, that not a small numbody of the Church. The planning of

ing in the wards. ber felt the study course should be adequate social programs and service

continued. projects can now be given more time.

Opinions Quoted However, a careful analysis of all It really has been an exhilarating exthe opinions submitted revealed some perience to learn how many of our

Some of the opinions of stake chairinteresting facts. A majority of the stake chairmen are feeling that the

men favoring the change are quoted to stakes favoring the continuation of the chief business of the youth leadership give others the viewpoint we suggest outline of study were found to be meeting is to save the souls of youth all of us cultivate concerning this meetthose who had not followed the full by going out after them instead of just ing and its objectives: (1) "Our bishprogram as recommended, promising to studying about them. We feel that all

ops would say 'no'—there isn't enough do better in the future. On the other our leaders will catch the spirit which

time"; (2) "I do not feel we need a hand, the majority of stakes who faprompts this change and will give their

course of study as our time is taken vored discontinuing the study outline all in developing this new point of up with other work"; (3) "I believe were those who (1) had a large perview.

teacher training work is best accomcentage of wards actually using the The Aaronic Priesthood department plished in a teacher training class and outline regularly each month; (2) had in the August stake priesthood leadershould be eliminated from the ward many wards who had already disconship meeting should be most helpful to

youth leadership meeting"; (4) "There tinued its use for lack of time in carleaders if this notice of change and full

is not enough time to present the whole rying out the remainder of the order explanations thereof become the basis program as outlined"; (5) "I feel they of business for the meeting. for discussion.

JULY 1949 459.

N0LIQU0R-T0BACC0 COLUMN

(Concluded from page 457) ishing comprehensiveness and comIt wants to sell where and when it pleteness. Some of the findings are:

pleases—all night if it can make money 1. The state of Massachusetts in 1943

by doing so. received $13,139,262 from taxing alcoholic

UTAH'S FINEST It does not want to assume any responbeverages.

sibility for the consequences of the traffic, 2. The Massachusetts commission shows

FAMILY ACCOMMODATIONS except such as may be involved in the that the tax revenue received from alcoholpayment of a license and other taxes. If it ic beverages by the state in 1943 paid for

Moid sibility;sells to drunks,if it sellsthat tois minors,the drunk'sthat responis the onlytrial loss12.22occasionedpercent of bythe thesocialuse andof intoxiindus-

minors'responsibility; if drinking causes cants.

crime, what are the police for, why don't 3. On the other hand, Massachusetts susthey stop it? If drinking causes hunger and tained a loss of more than $107,000,000 in

135 SOUTH THIRD EAST cold, what are the relief agencies for? If that same year due to alcoholcaused accidrinking causes accidents, erect hospitals, dents, absenteeism, loss of labor from

At Hotel Los Gables establish clinics, open a farm. premature deaths, depreciation in the value

you find complete family The liquor traffic has a "how"policy of 13,666 human beings wrecked through comfort. The hotel and also. Wipe out Dry territory by infiltraalcoholism, and the proportionate cost of

apartment accommodation and sapping measures. First, get 3.2 upkeep of state and mental institutions, due

tions are pleasant, restful beer legalized on the theory that it isn't to the alcohol factor.

reserved. and Convenintoxicating. will This of saloons, a lot open

... iently located reasonreport details are given in the Full

will these bootlegging develop around and daily, able weekly and in summarized The are and will places say, people so that "Well, we rates. monthly Foundation carefullySays—saloons bootleggers beer have anyand

legalize the as well way, might FOR RESERVATIONS we whole Something New wire Write, or phone 4-1869 thing tax it."Voice, and February The

Salt Lake City is hope, but will it do the job? / 1949. There

A new drug, antabuse, first announced

A Startling Report in Denmark by Doctors Hald and Jacobsen, may do the job. It is said to create

According to The Foundation a strong revulsion for alcohol, makSays—(AprilMay 1949), probably ing tolerance of it practically imposno document of recent years has cresible. However, the whole matter is in

ated more interest among those studythe experimental stage. The results will

ing the problem of alcoholic beverages be anxiously looked for. Multitudes of

MrWWVWWWVWWWWWWl nomicand so andstartlinglysocial challengedapologists theof ecothe drughomeswillwillprovehopeto andbe anprayeffectivethat andthe liquor traffic as the elaborate report harmless antidote to alcohol. In the

chusetts the "special committee to by faithfully followed, Anonymous, when in the AN INVESTMENT studymade to the General Court of Massameantime, the methods of Alcoholics problem of drunkenness"recovery from alcoholism have won to

specific the direction and authorization of dicts other method. any than Andin tfomfoit that state, in accordance with the a very much larger percentage of adits legislature. methods treatment of expense by these

The report is a document of astonis practically nil.

that PAYS BIG DIVIDENDS THE SPOKEN WORD {Concluded from page 446) eternal nature of man that young roundings and pass through those and old alike look toward things to come, and that we, and all those we $$$$ portals whence go all men. But the

conviction that death is a change love and cherish move forward into and not an end, a transition and not a future that ever unfolds before us.

FIREPROOF a finality, brings its peace and quiet "... Eye hath not seen, nor ear

comfort as we approach those heard, neither have entered into the scenes which we shall all one time heart of man, the things which God WOOLSULATE prepared for them that love hath mourn, so, you who And "The Superior Rock Wool!"behold. him."* take remember; comand you who

29, 1949. For name of your nearest fort and quiet conviction to your—May

Revised Cor. 2:9 ContractorDealer hearts this day—for it is by the very 21

call or write

is, with perish with hunger and for shall been and has WOOLSULATE, Inc. years,My warfareto get the to people undersuffer in the also cold; we might

1349 South Main stand that if they do not take care summer season from the direct will themselves they not be Phone 6-3629 of rays of the sun upon our naked that if care of; taken do not we Salt Lake City, Utah lay the foundation to feed and and unprotected bodies*—Brigham

clothe and shelter ourselves we Young.

460 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

We buy everything we can from this man

He goes by a lot of names, lives in almost every town and city in the West, and even if you don't recognize his picture, you probably know him well. He's your local businessman..

Instead of centralizing all our buying, we make it a point wherever possible, to do business with people in the home towns we serve. Paper, pencils, paint, hose, carpentry, shovels, electric lights,

engineering, pipe... all the things it takes to keep a

company like ours going are bought on this basis.

Last year, more than 10,000 businesses in the

West received orders from Standard of California for more than 100 million dollars worth of equipment, supplies and services.

Standard Oil Company of California

JULY 1949 461 THE ROMANCE OF DISCOVERY interestedinterested into theknowChurch,if thereandareis anyespeciallyliving descendants of his uncle in Utah. Your

further assistance in the matter will be

SlSu Atrchibala J. Bennett greatly appreciated, and if you trace this

man, is it possible to send us the name of sought genealogical connec- a living descendant through whom we could communicate further? Longtions are frequently found in a

most wonderful way.

in the temple This month an air mail letter A glance at the card came from Shirl H. Swenson, assistindex bureau showed the enant air attache, Helsinki, Finland. dowment card for JOHN SALINE,

He wrote: born 24 February 1834, at Uleato the American assigned Being See It! borg, Finland, son of Henrick SaviLega- laksaw and Ann Terrevoyer. His

tion, pleasure of meeting had the I have Susannah Rebecca was OsMrs. Kallinnen, a wife of Defense Minister and Hear It! born, England, born in Worcester, couple in influential respected and very

I was a whom he married at Union Fort, Play It! Finland. When he learned that

Latterday Saint he told me that an uncle Utah, 12 February 1862. There

AT ofentshisfrombackthein 187879U.S.A. thathad writtenhe had hisbecomeparwere cards also for a number of his

(or was to become) a member of our children and grandchildren. To obChurch, and was leaving for Salt Lake tain the names and addresses of any li>g&wson $ City. That was the last they heard from living descendants we looked in the

him, and they believe him to have been Church record archives.

259 South State Street killed by Indians while crossing the plains. There were found eight family

Salines, submitted Salt Lake City ableTheinformationpurpose ofonmyhim,letterif heis toreachedget availSalt group records of

Lake, and the names and addresses of any by Mrs. Hazel Saline Tanner of

possible descendants. His original name Pima, Arizona, a granddaughter of

was Janne Savilaakso, which was changed John Saline, the emigrant from FinSelin, the to name. In at school a Swedish his land. showed One sheet

first his as states John, wrote name he children, of ten so plete family group the probably went by he name SEJOHN that the father stated had later Irish married had and and an woman He 300 LIN. comhis child. to Saline. at least changed His town name one home was He

Oulu (Uleaborg), Suomi (Finland). He died at Long Beach, California, 3 KOLOB was a sailor, and one of his brothers was July 1896, and was buried 7 July

captain. a sea The approximate year of 1896 at Pima, Arizona. His widow his birth was 184045.

had died there 7 May 1925. Several

At the Genealogical Society we of his sons and daughters are still looked in the card files of the temliving.

ple index bureau. There was no enOn the back of his group sheet

dowment card for a JOHN SELIN Sister Tanner had written this brief '* or JANNE SAVILAAKSO which sketch in 1942:

in apply. nothing found BRING THE WESTS would We at born was SAVELAKSAW JOHN

archives. of the This the records 1834. Finland, 24 Feb. Uleaborg His Ouen,

was reported to Brother Swenson in father's name was Henrick Savelaksaw and

SERVICE Finland. his mother's name was Ann Terrevoyer.

TO YOUR He promptly replied giving addiWhile he was a very young boy he was

HOME TOWN tional information found in the insentwhereawayhe changedto a boardinghis nameschooltoinSALINE.Sweden,

terval KallinMinister Defense by the of told the that are was name We community AgentThe KOLOB last of the the nen. examination fourattended. school he An was he When to serve in isyourfriendliest man town—readyin yourefficiently at low insuranceevery and need ran years of teen went he age and away his letter received uncle from was Intermountain the representscost, he because his brother with Henry, to sea was who Agency. largest GeneralWest's "Fairview, Ter."This headed Utah

fair stock laterStrong the ship. of Company years captain he Three polices—promptInsurance believe the that to uncle did led him of claims. settlement

left for sailed his brother's ship and Amerreach Utah. The latter had signed ica.

his name JOHN SALINE not He became acquainted with some MorSELIN. He had a daughter Martha mon missionaries and was baptized while

Ann, born 28 Dec. 1 879. still on board the ship in July 1853 into

the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

I am hoping this new information may Saints. They reached America soon after,

FRANK SALISBURY, Mgr. be sufficient to find the "missing person."and he joined some early pioneers and

330 Judge Bldg. Salt Lake City Minister Kallinnen seems to be sincerely crossed the plains with them to Utah.

462 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA He married Susannah Rebecca Osborn 12 Feb. 1862; and in 1880 they moved to Arizona. Agony orPleasure

He wrote to his family in Finland and received word that his brother Augusta in Weed Work?

was on his way to America. Soon after

that his house burned down and all letters, addresses and records were destroyed. He The

never saw his brother or heard from his Hard Way people again. with agony

information on this having some Anyone and Jffl uncertainty to me. write please family,

A reply has now been sent to Fin- * * land, recommending that Minister

Kallinnen correspond with Mrs.

Tanner in Pima, With the letter r was sent a record of thirtyfive %.

... V*L1 descendants of his Uncle John <&k

Saline, gathered from the archives, The index bureau, and Church census EASY WAY records. We trust this will prove with great

of interest to him and that he can satisfaction soon establish contact with his many:-.-x--:- yy'4*JK

relatives in Arizona.

uncertain method vs. breaking, back agonizing,agom with The compansontbat,m lhat wQy J

All the Answers BISULPHIDE CARBON THE (Continued from page 444) AND to not to do do and whatwhat you Sabbath. I want to MACK ANTIWEED GUN mon the

spirit feel of the tolearn and the day =n for a new p which be prepared cuiar fa it life for your into which napplication. yourto put own project. following tew!days perfect we for. Jweeda necessary Tells everything blessing.own

The same idea applies to the questions on courtship. FundamenWHEELER, REYNOLDS & STAUFFER

tal principles have been given us. Division of Stauffer Chemical Company

We are told to marry, and we have 636 CALIFORNIA STREET SAN FRANCISCO 8 been taught the beautiful law of divine law. Family andchastity—a Salt Lake City and Branches inDistributors—WASATCH CHEMICAL CO., social agenciesother have set up

numerable safeguards to make the living of this law easier. All young

are entitledpeople to be taught constitutes the beginnings and tfjittr the ftcnic Completewhat the growth of physical intimacy.

They are entitled to know the close relationship that exists between huSandwiches made with man minds, emotions, and bodies.

They should know the spiritual facRoyal Table Queen Bread tors involved and the wonderful are temptingly delicious sense of singleness of heart that comes when even your kisses are and nourishing. They help

kept for a special loved one. But unto make a feast out of anyder the protection of these wide,

guiding principles you must develop picnic. g

your own personal answers to life.

Fortunate is the young man or woman who, from the early days of youth, has been given every safe

Grocer's to exercise his sacredopportunity at your Tresh

Fortunatefreedom of choice. is he produced Proudly by:...::;....:

who under its gentle but vital stimROYAL BAKING COMPANY ulus has developed discrimination Salt Lake City and Ogden ENRICHED and strength. with Vitamins and Iron

(Continued on page 464) JULY 1949 463 ALL THE ANSWERS of his or her wide knowledge, sound judgment, and complete de- (Continued from page 463) worth before their Heavenly Father. votion to principle.

this In struggle great they develop questions marital for your on As ineptly—to I am trying—perhaps faith, selfcontrol, great and let relations, great persuade that fundamenyou to lean on me say we

have been given one great comunselfishness. In this effort, their tal principles pertaining to faith,

for each other grows beyond multiply replenlove andmandment—to earthly bounds. Betsy, I hope, dear married couplesish the earth. Some repentance,ness—and letlove,thechastity,minor unselfishproblems

are unable to fulfil that obligation. that this priceless experience will be fall into line. Learn the laws of naSome few do not desire to fulfil it. yours and Paul's. But do not ask ture and do not violate them. Learn

But with the great majority, the me to regulate your lives. Do not the laws of health and observe

very nature of their tender love, ask me or anyone else to be an unthem. Know the nature of wisdom

their gratitude to God for his blesswelcome arbiter at every decision. and seek it.

ings, and their joy in family life inLearn to understand each other and I wish that I could answer all of the needs of one another. Grow insure the full acceptance of these your questions with a simple "do

of the of understanding gospel your that."I wish everythingresponsibilities. I am filled with joy to this-—do Christ together Jesus and go I amand pride in the wonderfully triumyour Heavenly Father for guidance. could be that easy. And yet

is notphant struggle which many young Ask for human counsel only if you glad in many ways that this possible. I am glad that life callscouples make—sometimes against feel yourself approaching deep

I am gladgreat odds—to meet the full obligatrouble and then only from one for decision and strength.

tions of marriage and to prove their whom you trust implicitly because (Continued on page 465)

Departing Missionaries—May

MISSIONARIES ENTERING THE Sixth MISSIONARY row: Cline, David Paul LeBaron, MISSIONARIES HOME THE ENTERING Raymond MISSIONARY HOME

2, MAY 11, DEPARTING 1949 AND P. Roland 16, Joseph MAY Moss, O. Belnap, 25, 1949 Hubert WeinDEPARTING MAY AND MAY

(Top picture) heimer, G. Robert West, Johnson, Egon V. Dean W. picture) (Bottom left Reading from right, first to Lucile row: E. White, Parks, Olsen. Kay

Stettler,Annette Lavon Shelton, Curtis Finch, right, left O. first to Reading from Seventh Don row: row: Keith Lusk, Alvin Robert Lucile HorReah W.

B. Colton, director; Crane, Deon Cecil Smith, Rilla Ludvigson, Hopkins, John Lee, Lee ton, H. Ispon, B. Glover, Mary Allen, ColKeith George Ward Don

Hardy,Rhea Selena Bowen. director; ton, Nield, King, Stringham, E. George Ray Hansen, ShelSmithson. Don Roma Dan

row: Second F. Sheffield, James Schotield. D. ShefDagmar don Eighth row: Smith, V. B. RexJ. William H. Toombs,

field, Richard A. Hinckley, Bert D. Thorpe, Werner Call, Menill Lyman Herbst, Dale Frankiln Kenneth E. row: Second Harold Louisa Brough, Brough, W.B. Carlson, Johannes Katwyk, Van Betty Jean SkouTaylor, L. E. Dewey Marion Orville Green, Dastrup, J. Glad, Gordon Rigby, Allen Miller, Vance Geansen, J. Hostetter, Donna Bertee Jorgensen, L. Joseph Hartley, Leonard Blair. George Nordeen Lindsay, Lydia Tuttle, Tuttle. V. H. OrmusJorgensen.

S. Ninth rill, row: Pearson, Edwin Richard Chant Third row: Russell, Glen LaMar Third Campbell, Wanda row: Robert C. L. Winsor, Harold Frost, Byron D. Lorin Young, Robinson, Jack Robert H. Elsie Blau, Nadine Johnson, Ethana Marjorie BurgeSlade,James W. Clavin R. Tingey, Lois Clayton, L. Rasmussen, Keller, Boyd RayWhite, Day Wayne ner, Squires Poelman, Cluff, J. DeanRhea Robert Sundquist, 0. W. Bertha Van Drimmelen, Alma Robinson, mond Grant Linden, Vander R. Doyle AnTingey.Chapman.

derson, Lavell Cottle, Herman Elmer Johnson, Ray Fourth row: Murray Bullock, G. Fourth E. row: Fallows, Lenore Peck, Haynie, J. Robert Max Eva M. Oral Murray, Paul LeRoy Ward. Rasmussen,W. Richard A. Rasmussen, Richardson, Ryan Barnes, Eldon Alta George H. Christensen,

row: TenthSmith, R. Millard, Kenneth L. Leland S. PeterRobert Hennis, R. E. Boyd Morris Lemon, Reid, D. John C. Webster, ChristenKent Jack

sen, J. C.Shurtz, Thorup, Herman Ernest Bennett, Reed R. sen. Bennett. W. Dan

Olsen, E. Clifford Fifth row: May. Robert Dotson, W. David Glynn Pope, Fifth row: Preston Hunt, P. Greenwell, EmmettPaul Evans, Lawrence Turner, George Eleventh Smedley, N. row: Darwin Christenson, William Samuel Webster, Lemaun Spencer S. Hawkins, Carl Cottam,Richard J. Shaw, E. Wendell Mathews, Hart, E. N. Jacob 0. Burdick, Laran John R. Anderson, RichRichard S. Bauchanan, Donald Stanley A. Thayne,Rohner. R. ard Rawson, D. Orvan Hinton, Ray Arthur Sparks. Belnap. W.

::.:WWL

>:-"'""** /**# * *4

All the Answers (Continued from page 464) that the gift of choice is still with us if we are willing to accept it.

As I write, I am wondering if this is all so vague and general that it will be of little help to you. Quick

to mind comes a suggestion that was given to me a few years ago by a great man—now dead:

"If you will listen to the still small voice,"he said, "it will give you peaceful guidance. If you ask a

question prayerfully, the right answer will always be the first answer that comes to your mind. However,"

he admitted, "sometimes thoughts come so quick and fast that you may not be able to tell which actually came first. If this is so, then you

must release from your thinking all ulterior motive—all selfishness. The

answer will stand clear, and your mind will be filled with light."

Another very thoughtful and kind man told me the other day that when he is considering a course of action he asks himself these questions:

1. What do I want ultimately

from life? 2. What will result from followThere's nothing like this "Travel Hints"booklet.

ing the course I contemplate? It's new... and the most complete volume yet pub-

3. Are these results in harmony lished on the attractions of the intermountain area.

with the big aims of my life?

Be sure to get your copy early as the supply is limited.

If the final answer is satisfactory, PLEASE DRIVE he goes forward with his plans. If CAREFULLY... Before you take your trip, drive in to your neighnot, he rejects them. The Life You Save borhood UTOCO dealer for complete car servicing.

There are other methods. One May Be Your Own!

of my favorites has always been to "sleep on it"—having faith that

when morning comes "early and bright with dew,"the answer will be there, and it will be completely acSEE YOUR (UTOCO) DEALERceptable to me. msmmmr

Unfortunately perhaps, many of us do not go through involved UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY thought processes. An emotion, a

desire, a habit is roused, and we win

IM USE for OVER FIFTY YEARSlongsightedness—accordingor lose according to our shortto ouror Coming iningrained sense of values. With this Aids in treatment of Canker, simple THE

sore throat and friends toin work at mind, tell your other minor mouth IMPROVEMENT ERA irritations. and throat in values fundamentalestablishing

their lives and actions. HALLS REMEDY "You, AToo,Speech"Can Make

13 emember always that conscience Salt Lake City, Utah by Louise Linton Salmon undergoes the same growth as other attributes. At the height of This enlightened series of articles

public will speaking on cover such greatness, Brigham mortalhis FOOT PAINS

Dr. Barron's GENUOR COST!—Try NO topics important to as Talk "What relief! Foot for foot Cushions quick tried to that as he said onceYoung off take pressure About,"Fright,"Stage Overcoming heels,painful sore arches absorb aching: callouses.—it more conscience became his rfoot Light, arches. 3rnsiTheyshocks,INE helpfollow weak

ventilated, spongy. supportLIKE for A WALKING "Gathering Material Speech."says:ON any shoes. Dr. Barron LOW! that was what foundexacting. He tired,Wear feet lieves toes."heel StateSend"RePIL- C.O.D.from or plus PAIR, topostage. $1.98 achingA in 12 Issues forif $2.50 and or quite man woman. 30DAY GUARTRIAL not for day one wasright him

if relief! blessed size.Money back no ANTEE."shoenly

(Concluded on page 466) ORTHO, Inc., 2700 Broadway, DeptiaoH, n.y.c. 2s

JULY 1949 465 all start morals. must We ALL THE ANSWERS better exactly from where and improve we

(Concluded from page 465) and uplifting for me—it was a good are in our understanding and satisgood enough for him the next. This picture for me. Then he suggested factions. It is no use asking a beginis always the path of progress. That that if I studied and grew in my ner in music to play Chopin's

is why the suggestion is made that powers of discrimination, another "Revolutionary Etude."It is senseoil portrait.himself—musteach must find outstudywhatcorrectis rightprinfor yearture, andI mightthenlikethe afirstmuchpicturebettermightpiclesstoonistto willhopepaintthat a anfineamateur carciples and apply them to his own seem a poor picture for me. It is equally foolish to expect the

problems. This process may seem The same process goes on in our highest selfabnegation from a spir-

a little lonely, but it is the only safe appreciation of music, drama, literaitually undeveloped youngster.

way. ture—in our spiritual developYou are supremely happy, Betsy

like In this regard a very accomment—even in our sense of moral dear, and life before you seems

plished artist told me that if I liked values. There are good morals for summer glory. It is easy for you to

a picture—if it did something fine us, and then as we grow, there are feel humble and grateful for this

great gift of love. If you and Paul

will serve this gift wholesouled and build your life among others who serve it—if you will find out where

you stand and keep your lives mov- f ing in an upward direction—all will

be well with you. It's Canning Time!

I've wandered a long way from your party but tell all of those loveLook at these wonderful helpers... ly girls who sat at your feet and

easy to operate and a wonderful in- "oh'd and ah'd"over your gorgeous pressure cooker not to worry solely vestment for good eating! Come in about the letter of the law. Tell

and shop or order by mail. them to seek the spirit also. Tell

them to find the basic principles in- (Top) volved and let those principles operate in their lives for their joy and J National Presto Cooker Conner:

matter what their Homec seal for safe closure. salvation—noproblems.

... colinset pan, accessories Complete 9 that Betsy. sure Bless you, I am

rack, basket, canning cooking pan, ander all will follow the goodness you book. and instruction

days of your life, because the deMade of heavy cast aluminum. Holds 7 qts. sires of your heart are good. These

or 9 pts. $22.85 righteous desires will strengthen the

(Bottom) still small voice within you. Listen

to it closely, for only from this inAll-American ner voice, will you obtain "all the

Automatic Master Sealer: answers."

Adjustable... for different size cans. My deepest love to you,

Economical... will cut and reflange cans, Mary Brentnall

9 Exclusive... die cast aluminum frame. $28.50

These Times (Not Shown) (Concluded from page 419) Cold Pack Conner: 1903 is hopeful. Public issues have in-

9 Heavy guage aluminum. volved the question of Socialism. But

9 Lustrous finish. Complete with rack. 20the agrarian dream of free, cheap land

liquid qt. capacity. Special $5.45 only an"carriedexpandingover"continentinto thehascorporatepartialHBB.ll m. I and governmental structure. But we Send Mail Orders To:I. HOUSEWARES cannot live on its memory. Whither

MARGOT MANNERS Downstairs Store individualism? As a basic ingredient

ZCMI, Salt Lake City, Utah of democracy can it receive fuller recthe following: Please send me ognition in the corporateunion strucPresto Conner, 22.85, 44c Postage

Master Sealer, 28.50, 53c Postage ture? Or can political democracy surCold Pack, 5.45 28c Postage vive without an economicsocial basis?

Name. Will the ninetyeight percent of this

Address year's class retain their names, personCity ZoneState- alities, characters? Or will they be

Cash. COD Chargeknown only as "manpower"or "civil

Please enclose postage indicated. servants?"The worth of souls is great,

Residents of Utah please add 2% state tax. especially in these times.

466 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 433) (Continued [com page selected the and finally one who TMINGIY YOURS"ily, the qualities seekpossessed I was ausin. Occasionally, wouldbe

thorities publish the vicious thought friend, "I feel as if Mary had been ing in a wife. It was a glorious exthat the unmarried have the right of given to me by the Lord himself."perience to fall in love with her.

sex expression. But you know that A happily married M Man said, That is quite a different thing from

good society does not tolerate it, "In finding my wife I looked over just marrying someone."He was

and you know that in the light of the field of girls and without any marrying the right life as well as

God's commandments such a doc emotion whatsoever eliminated all the right girl. Those who pay the

trine is inspired by Satan himself. who did not come up to our Church price may claim it.

It is part of his plan to destroy standards in ideals, aspirations, Some have been heard to say, mankind. The Lord said, "Thou faith, and conduct. From among the "What I do is my own affair. If

shalt not commit adultery."rest I made my dates, and with them I choose to pet or even indulge in

I worked on committees, attended sex expression before marriage, selfrespecting young "No man all parties, kinds of meetings and it?"business is whose The truth the violaor would tolerate woman religion, discussed home, famand (Concluded on page 468)

tion of chastity on the part of a sweetheart with someone else."

( Henderson, op. cit. ) No real husband would give his wife to another.

No true wife would advocate her husband's looseness. Lovers whobreak this commandment lose their YOURS PAYING

confidence in each other, their own selfrespect; and disappointment, FAMILY SIZE

jealousy, and suspicion rob their for a married life of the joy they wouldhave known had they waited for FREEZER love's righteous fulfilment. They

wish kept theywill always had Why not enjoy one?chastity sacred. the wicked Only NOW!

think the law of chastity can be You buy food WHOLEis inexorable.overthrown. Law You SALE Save money 1

it, just as surelycannot change and as a law is broken, the penalty must Yourfreezer COOLERATORis your "garden be paid. Too much cannot be said in December"

of the evils of unchastity. Save money!

You must not be deceived by false % Freezing work—1/4 takesthe costV< theof

standards and false practices no "canning"matter how enticingly they are Save money!

presented on the screen, in current With the big 15 cubic magazine stories, novels, and other foot COOLERATOR you linepublications. Many of these stories withpreservethe more—inChurch concenter around the glamor girl who servation program.

lives in luxury, attends numerous You'll save enough on your cocktail parties, smokes and drinks, monthly food bill to make your monthly payments, with standard of moraland observes no

COOLERATOR.cleanliness. the yes discards She

"wrong"husband presumably for the "right"one, decides that to bear children is foolish and unnecessary, and determines that the great objective of life is to gratify immediate, selfish, personal wishes no matter into what unconventional social

it lead her.situations may "FAMILYSIZE"Sfc-- @\ counterfeits; are cheap Thesethey have nothing of permanent FREEZER l/"

value. Compare the sad plight of

these girls in their insecurity and unhappiness with the joy felt by aLatterday Saint girl of my acDOESN'T the After templequaintance. mar-. her COST. which had maderiage ceremonyand her sweetheart man and wife GLENN EARL, INC.—Distributor oFms/j forever, she heard him say to a 245 South 1st West—Salt Lake City K

JULY 1949 "HMNGLY YOURS"(Concluded from page 467) your convictions. Be modest in dress

about the matter is, it is just about and manner, subtle in your prefereverybody's business. No one is a ences. Boys say that some girls

law unto himself, and to break down are too obvious. Be a good, sweet

the moral fibre of society is no one's influence in your boy friend's life.

right. Truly each person is his Go home early; finish the date

brother's keeper, and to betray the happily. Remember the parked car

confidence of one who trusts you is may become a trap. When your

weak and cowardly, cruel return for date is over, go home and say their love and devotion. If your goodnight wisely.

friends never find out, you must still One girl's formula for a good time suffer the penalty of sin. You haye is impressive. She says, "When I

cruelly cheated the girl you might am dressed and ready for my date,.

have been. And what about the sor- I take a few moments to kneel by

row and shame suffered by those my bed and ask my Heavenly Fawho love you best? ther to help us have a happy time,

and keep us from harm and danHThe home is a laboratory where ger."She says, "It works."Surely,

members of the family learn to the "Lord is mindful of his own."

control their anger, hate, jealousy, He will guide, inspire, and assist love. The home is a miniature deyou in all your righteous decisions.

mocracy where each learns obedience Call upon him constantly, keep his to rules of conduct necessary for commandments, and all will be well.

happy association of all members of The leaders of our great Church the family. Family loyalty, cooperahave plainly taught that it is the

tion, sharing with others, respectsacred obligation of you women and ing the rights of others, and the regirls everywhere to guard and cherward of sacrificing personal desires ish your precious chastity. You girls

for the good of all are difficult things will become the mothers of the next to learn. The home of your youth generation and in large measure will

Your library should include should give you this training. set the moral, economic, and spirituKeep the channel of communicaal peace of your home. You will be

tion between you and your mother satisfied with nothing less than the

IN THE GOSPEL NET open. Confide in her and seek her best in moral integrity for your famto yourself permit counsel. Don't ily. gloribliss is the most Wedded By Dr. John A. Widtsoe truth accept as the many any of all life's joys. day you ous of One

harmful philosophies that are cirwill kneel with your chosen one in culated sometimes by those who a holy temple, and as you thrill to

This is the story of a woman, should know better. One girl and the words of the temple marriage

a seeker after truth, who, herer wasmotherto listenmade atopact:her daughter'sthe mothceremonyunion eternal,whichyouwillwill makefeel joyyourin

tossed by the waves of mysqueries and comments which might the realization that God's way is include some questionable statebest. Speaking of her temple marterious fate, was caught by ments on new philosophy about life riage, one girl who had maintained

the gospel net, and carried inwithout exploding, and the daughChurch standards said, "Those few ter was to respect the mother's minutes were worth all my strugto a far country, where, knowledge and wisdom as they gle."Those who marry worthily for

talked it over. If the mother were time and eternity are given the sathrough the possession of not sure of the correct answer, they cred promise that they may achieve

eternal truth, though amidst together sought counsel from one the highest degree of celestial glory who was an authority on the and that there will be no end to their much adversity, she and her subject. There were no barriers bekingdom and their creative possitween this mother and her redbilities.

family found unbounded hapblooded, twentieth century, AmeriHow very blest we are to possess piness. can daughter. Someone said that these glorious truths, how fortunate

motherhood is the noblest career of the girl who is living her life accordall for a woman. to these ing standards and how hapNow in its 12th printing she the "Dream, young man to whom O youth, dream nobly py

and manfully, and your dreams shall gives her love and devotionl The $1.75 at all book stores be your prophets."Teenagers, words "Lovingly yours"are truly

these are the days in which to dream filled with deep significance. Selecin the West of thrilling tomorrows. Dream and tive seeking brings reward. May

set about to make those dreams our Father's richest blessings attend come true. Have the courage of you in your choosing.

468 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Social Security Act (Continued from page 434) cases were suspected of discharging veteran employees on the eve of their eligibility for retirement pensions. When private means fail,

government always steps in. This

is the history of popular government and the lesson to private enterprise! The upshot was the passage in 1935 of the federal social

security act.

It is important to understand some of the main features of this farreaching statute. It has four

main features: ( 1 ) a system of unemployment insurance administered

jointly with the fortyeight states, the territories, and the District of

Columbia; ( 2 ) a scheme of old age One of the Great Hotels of the

assistance, or old age relief payWest welcomes you to Salt Lake ments jointly administered with the City. You'll enjoy tasty, delicious

states; ( 3 ) a system of old age and food, and friendly, courteous service

survivors insurance administered in both the Royal Dining Room and only by the federal government; ( 4 ultramodern Coffee Shop.

a scheme of general public assist"ance for special groups, administered on the same basis as the old age assistance noted in (2) above, including assistance for needy children, the blind, the physically handicapped, crippled children, and for J. Holman Waters, President

maternal and child health services. J. Holman Waters - W. Ross Sutton, Managers

Unemployment Insurance. The

unemployment insurance program In the Center of Downtown Salt LakeWi varies from state to state. Usually MAIN AT 4th SOUTH ST. SALT LAKE CITY,UTAHg|

from fourteen to twentysix weeks'compensation at around twentyfive dollars a week is payable to employees in industries covered by the law. It is financed by payroll taxes

of three percent, earmarked for this purpose in a federalstate UnemPOPULAR RECORD ALBUM*ployment Trust Fund. On April30, 1946, this fund contained over FOR EVERY L. D. S. HOME

dollars, billion withsix and onehalf STORY OWN twice about coming inmoney will strengthen as you listen to the Prophet's as JOSEPHYour faith inSMITH'Sthe Restoration rapidly as it was being paid out account o! the origin and rise of the Church. A documentary reading by

McKinlay. Lynn A. times In employment. to heavydue unbreakable 12"records in album $5.05 Three situathe unemploymentof heavy

tion can quickly reverse itself. The SEVEN IMMORTAL HYMNS

system has been open to considerSpecial arrangements by the Promised Valley Quartet of these beloved able abuse by some individuals hymnsO My Father Though Deep'ning Trials looking for a "free ride."This demAbide With Me I Need Thee Every Hour

Is The Lord Prayer My Shepherdonstrates that the problem of inJoseph Smith's First the Love and Great the Wisdom How is everpresent.dividual behavior Three standard 10"records in album $3.95

in the morality vigor andWithout community, the bestintended deMY PICTURE BOOK OF SONGS vices often serve contrary ends. Nineteen children's favorites from the widelyacclaimed book of the same

Old Age Assistance. This is the name.Three Yourstandardkiddies10"will recordsdelight ininthem.album $3.95

program of old age relief, based on From your local book or record dealer or direct from federalstate funds, that members ofthe Church have been advised not RECORDING ARTS, INC.

to accept. The costs of this pro19 West South Temple St. Salt Lake City 1, Utah

(Concluded on page 470) JULY 1949

THE SOCIAL SECURITY ACT

( Concluded from page 469 dustries. Ten years after the act tention to the solid fact that often,

gram are very heavy in each state. went into effect, due to some shift in recent years, government has

In Utah it has run between twentyin dollar values, there were twice as been doing (by default) what prifive and thirty percent of total state many persons on old age assistance vate business should have been dooutlays in recent years. The federal (relief) than were drawing old age ing in this field all the time. And,

government will pay up to twentyinsurance, probably because, under that if private enterprise cannot find five dollars for each aged client each the insuranceannuity scheme, the ways and means to help solve the month in each state, provided the average payment ( 1 946 ) to men problems of economic security, durstate will match it with twentyfive. was $24.83, to women $19.83, ing working years as well as after

In some states, individual monthly whereas old age relief averaged retirement, we can expect little else payments have reached eighty dol- $31.48! The amount an annuitant but for men to turn to government.

lars, with the state adding the addireceives depends on the amount Good sense, as well as past experitional funds. Other states, primaripaid during the years of productive ence, seems to dictate that we must

ly in the South, have paid as few as employment. The maximum in no find ways and means to solve the

ten or twelve dollars a month. The case exceeds $85 per month under problem of living together in indusaverage payment in 1946 was the existing law. In 1946, 890,000 trial society. Tradition requires

$31.48, to 2,100,000 persons, about workers were entitled to old age increative leadership and example

onefifth of all persons in the counsurance but did not draw payments, from private individuals and groups.

try aged sixtyfive and over. This preferring (and able) to remain at The efforts of the Church welfare

feature of the social security act work. plan are a notable example of a

group effort. As well as treatingwas thought to be temporary—relief The other forms of public assistto the aged who required it in the ance required little comment: aid to the effects of the situation, industry,

1 930's, with the eventual pressure to the blind, dependent children, the private groups, must get at the be relieved by the old age and surcrippled, and the handicapped. caus&s. Can a man or woman convivors'insurance scheme, outlined tinue to be an active, effective membelow. However, old age assistance ber of society after sixtyfive years?

is still going strong. With old age A fter a decade of experience with Is there some other future than the

"pension"clubs and other political the social security act, as old rocking chair on the sunny side organizations supporting it from amended, it is clear that many reof the farmhouse porch? What uses

is sound can be found for 20,000,000 mencoastto-coast, it will probably have visions are needed. What

a long life. Nevertheless, it has to policy for the future? It is interestand women in their sixties and bebe viewed solely as a relief proing to note that many of the labor yond, by 1980? Will they be a

gram, and as such, unsatisfactory, organizations, such as John L. Lewhealthier, more vigorous group than

despite the efforts of its apologists is'United Mine Workers, are turntheir predecessors of 1940? Should

to confuse its recipients and the gening to production royalties and retirement age be revised upwards?

eral public by interpreting it as a other devices in private industry for The philosophy of the Church, that matter of financial right, as in the welfare funds, retirement benefits, the integrity of the individual and case of old age insurance. The and so forth. The policy addresses his selfrespect must be maintained,

L.D.S. welfare Handbook of Indelivered by Wallace F. Bennett is basic. It finds increasing expresstructions (January 1944 edition, p. during 1 949 as president of the Nasion in the welfare plan. In strict

60) has this to say on the problem: tional Association of Manufacturers honesty, the merits of individual

have called private enterprise's atinitiative in ( 1 ) useful activity, ( 2

Old Age Assistance... is intended only in spending a retirement check, in

for the needy aged, and is to be considered (3) living on government relief, or in precisely the all same the orhelp of bishop's a ( 4 ) with relief.forms of public IT lightSHOULDas NOTother will to courageously have der beBE CONFUSED "FEDERAL WITH COUNTRY SCENE all us of faced improved and by AGEOLD SURVIVOR'S INSURAND

if possible, in the years ahead. as provided BENEFITS,"for unANCE By J. Fabian Giroux upon,der the Federal Social Security Act, or together put our heads and Can we

with Unemployment Compensation. THESE outlets for find productive what the the stream through meadow INSoftly LEGITIMATEARE FORMS OF the experienced, be most should winding, AS DESCRIBEDSURANCE BELOW.

the tune of Whispers a love abiding, soof tempered, seasoned membersIT IS DIFIMPORTANT THAT THE plenty. of peace, Whispers provender, and ofciety? Preident Grant HeberFERENCE INSURTHESE J. BETWEEN

PLANSANCE DIRECT PUBLIC AND a person's usethat ten remarked, for for the land, the land, unchanging, LoveRELIEF BE CLEARLY UNDERanct automatically fulness does not for clover, the Love of dewcrystaledSTOOD.

for the Love a cool summer sixtyfive. at end suddenly Does fieldssun—and

Old Age and Survivors'Insurshower. this suggest the needed model for

ance. At the beginning of 1946, Greens and yellows, painted with softness; education, industry, and other walks

Lavendar blue with life? older of of the maxim, added—ceilinged What41,500,000 workers were insured of lover, Masterwork and nature—creator for for action? youth wisdom, menunder this system. Annuities, based eternally a palette new. Drawn from

on contributions from employees How can modern society make and employers, are payable at age Solitudestream,and space, where the soul like the profitable use, rather than maintain sixtyfive to workers in covered inContent with the pace, flows on in a dream. in idleness, our aging population?

470 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA- I Used Ironrite Once...and IWas Sold"Peter's Confession

says Mrs. Harley Bloomquist, 238 West 5th North, Salt Lake City

I did "All use IRONRITE was once an 431) page {Continued from

I sold! was IRONRITE was The

I ironing for an—andmine! do when Now, discussion. under Theproblem

sit nine, of family and can down my in the that I will still it is rememberreader relax while do Iit—and

it in to onehalf used the time done is given account of anGospel John take.

of Andrew's bringing his brother Mv IRONRITE is my most prized posSimon to Jesus for their first meetsession!into my ironing.It actuallyI tellhasmyputfriendspleasureand

ing. Here it is according to the withoutrelatives,antheirIRONRITE!"homes are not complete

Authorized Version: Yes, IRONRITE'S many exclusive features: Two Identical Open Ends, Center

And he brought him to Jesus. And when ShoeSupportedand IRONRITE'SRoll, DoAII otherTwin newPointedfeaart him, FeatherTouch beheld Simon as Knee said, Thou heJesus tures—suchControl, Board Forming Hinged and shalt called of thou bethe son Jona: itselfl You, class by in a put IRONRITE

Cephas, which is by interpretation, a stone. too, will agree: Once you've used an

(John 1:42. Italics author's.) withIRONRITE,an ironeryou'llthat nevergives yoube less.satisfied

When Joseph Smith was revising the Gospel of John by the spirit of Model 80. Openrevelation, he corrected this passage model Ironrite.

to read thus: Model 88 Ironrite

Cabinette witb warpAnd he brought him to Jesus. And when proof hardwood top

Jesus beheld him, he said, Thou art Simon, in mahogany or the son of Jona, thou shalt be called honey blond.

Cephas, which is, by interpretation, a seer, or a stone. And they were fishermen. And LOW DOWN PAYMENT—EASY CREDIT TERMS

they straightway left all, and followed ASK ABOUT A FREE

Jesus. (Italics author's.) HOME DEMONSTRATION

For Latterday Saints, at least, Iron rile we find here an interesting addition SEE ONE OF THESE AUTHORIZED to our knowledge. Jesus was doubtIRONRITE DEALERS FOR A

FREE DEMONSTRATION.less speaking in Aramaic when he

called Simon by the name Cephas SELLS FURNITURE COMPANY Nepbi, Utah (better, Kepha). It became advisREADATKINSON'SBROTHERSAPPLIANCECOMPANY& VARIETY STORE Ogden,Malad, IdahoUtah

able for John to interpret this AraTOOELEKIRKHAMMERCANTILERADIO & APPLIANCECOMPANYCOMPANY Tooele.Shelley, UtahIdaho

ELECTHIC COMPANYmaic name for the benefit of nonBLAKE COMPANY Richfield.Prpvo, UtahUtah UTAH APPLIANCE

Jewish readers of his gospel. Hence SCHOSS FURNITURE & ELECTRIC COMPANY Ogden, Utah

the explanatory words: "... which NYSSAAPPLIANCEFURNITURE& RECORDCOMPANYSHOP Nyssa,Boise, IdahoOregon

is, by interpretation, a seer, or a SAMMITCHELL'SH. JONESRADIOFURNITURE& APPLIANCE& APPLIANCECO. Blackioot.Pocatello. IdahoIdaho

Ely, Nevada St. Anthony,stone."Now let us apply the knowlWILSONCLARK'S BATESAPPLIANCEFURNITURECOMPANYCOMPANYedge that Cephas means seer as CULLIGAN SOFT WATER SERVICE Salt Lake City,IdahoUtah

well as stone to the elucidation of

Matthew 16:16. If Jesus said the DistributedGORDON E. by:WILKINS- -IRONERS, Inc., * S. Filth W., Salt Lake City, Utah

words recorded here in his native

Aramaic, which is quite probable, we would read in part: "Also I

tell us cuts papers "The about art that to thee, thou Kepha:say

It prices in the metals. of our PROFITABLE DAYS

this I will build Kephaand upon my of worries kind me. Wage

still are taxes as and they lastchurch;..."AHEAD FOR rateshigh as year were

and has income dropped now takes this to Church Roman The real headit must be a ".. in to Simon, reference. QUISHmean, operators! All I for the ache...

is I really see that to can do this art rock a rock:thou and upon GRADUATES eight give hour's work a full

Capitalize on QUISH..."I will build Hence pay."for my my church; training You'll be a now!

the interpretation that Christ would competent beautician when graduated. QUISH probuild his church upon Simon Peter vides you with technical

gained and ENROLL special sense.in a unique very and in 24 knowledge SEND FOR NOW skillFREE TODAY1 years.CATALOG of the using other meaning But

\\ I ITT SCHOOL OF"seer"for Kepha given us by JoiM seph Smith and by assuming that BERUTV3! SOUTHCULTUREMAIN

Jesus was making a play on words, we have the very striking rendering: "... thou art a seer: and upon

this rock [principle of seership] I C-o'O/* o/s Looming will build my church;..."The TO

reader should not be shocked when (Continued on page 472) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA UTAH MINING ASSOCIATION

JULY 1949 471 And upon this rock I will build my

PETER'S CONFESSION church; yea, upon this rock ye are built,

and hell shall of the gates if ye continue, (Continued page from 471) scripture, but of these one is a literal prevail not (Ibid., against you. 33:1213.) I intimate that Jesus have may made quotation from 16:18. In Matthew

a play on words. Doctrine and Covenants 6:34 we k is quite obvious that in these

Other interpretations based on find "... for if ye are built upon citations the Lord is alluding to the

the Prophet's explanation could be my rock, they [earth and hell] canrock as the gospel in a very broad given, but there is little doubt that not prevail."Also: sense. There need be no difficulty

of seer the meaning to be assowas livthere for us because can be no is of... whosoever church, and my ciated with the Aramaic appellation gifts seerthe without gospel of endureth the end, to him ing of my church

Kepha or Cephas, as we say it, will I establish upon my rock, and the ship and revelation. However, we

bestowed on Simon by Jesus. For gates of hell shall not prevail against have another allusion to rock:

example we might render: "... them. (Ibid., 10:69.)

the midst, your and... I am in I am [bold, thou firm rockart Kepha In the citations following it seems Israel. the of shepherd, stone and good He like character] this: and upon

is that rock clear the gospel by rock this shall that buildeth never rock upon [principle seership] of I will build meant: fail. (Ibid., 5tt: 44.)

..."church; my

... until you shall have my word, my Here, it will be noticed, there is

... (Ibid. no reference to the "gates of hell,""\\7hile studying the problems disrock,11:16.)my church, and my gospel.

cussed in this article, I came Build upon my rock, which is my gosand the passage may have no alluupon a very interesting comment on pel; [Notice that in verse 25 the Lord sion at all to Matthew 16:18. The

the Aramaic word kepha by George continues: "Deny not the spirit of revelaLord is spoken of as the rock or

the nor spirit of prophecy,...] (Idem in in the stone Ephesense we find a native Assyrian, M. Lamsa, who tion,24.)

6, 7, 8. 2:4, I Peter sians 2:20 and in reared was born and the land from... the foundation of my church, my

which Abraham migrated to Palesgospel, and my rock. In the Book of Mormon, the rock

tine. He was educated in Persia and Wherefore, if you shall build up my is defined as our Lord's doctrine.

Turkey as well as in this country, church, upon the foundation of my gospel (See III Nephi 11:39; 18:1213.)

hell rock, shall the of gates not and my that are those There who believe has written extensively and on the (Ibid., prevail against 18:4, you. 5.) to his famous spoke words Jesus of Testament from the pointNew.... gospel., and and. my my rock,

let us view of a native Aramean, In his my salvation. {Idem 17.) Simon Peter in Greek. Now

New Testament Commentary p... this is my gospel;... discuss the problem from this angle.

265, he says: If the Savior spoke in Greek, he

said, following the best Greek

The Aramaic word kepa (cepa) ''rock,"They Honor Their Gleaners text:

is often used symbolically, suggesting protection and shelter. One often hears peo- (Concluded from page 426) And I tell you, you are Pefros and upon

ple say: "He has been a rock behind me,"as a whole. Sister Sarah O. Bowen, this petra I will build my church,..

which means "he has supported me.""God stake president of Oquirrh Y. W. (Italics author's.)

is my rock"means "God is my shelter or M.I.A., states that the program unsupport."Rock also means "truth.""On questionably has been instrumental It seems quite obvious that the

this will I build is, rock again, church"Petrospetra means my in helping girls become better combination this will truth I build "on church."my this in- a play on words. But in Saints. Latterday

statement is given for This what rjNMay 5, eleven Honor Gleaners KephaKepha,stance, unlikein thethe Aramaiccombinationverit another is worth and illustrates qualified for special recognition sion quoted above, both of these interpretation of the rock.

There are those who may ask at a ball given by the stake for their words are not feminine in gender.

Petros, from 19481949 during the whence achievement we get the their interLatter-day Saints why in Peter, their is masculine noun honors proper all earned season. Theypretation of the rock or seldom was

never suggested before. The answer by living up to qualifications worthy gender. If Petros is Peter the man,

rocklike in character, bold of Saint Latterday and young womanis simple. think of few would Very

feminine the special In addition a is meant what by hood. Honor

spiritseership the of apostasy when had so permeated the early Church Gleaner night has been held for the petra? A. Plummer, the great Engthat this precious gift was lost. The girls and their mothers. lish New Testament expert, thought

essence of the teaching of MormonInterestingly enough Pleasant that perra was impossible because a and required Peter was Stake of Oquirrh Green a man Ward it isism is that and is now restored

Petros, form, a masculine boasts superintend- ( See A. T. Y.M.M.I.A. in thepresent today. Church

Men, Robertson, Epochs in the Life of The teaching of the Doctrine and ency who are all Master M an enviable accomplishment. And Simon Peter, Scribner's, p. 75.)Covenants concerning the rock upon

more than that, the wives of two of Robertson (Ibid.), a Protestantwhich the Lord will build deserves

our attention. The rock is menthe superintendency are also Golden scholar, thought that if a choice had

to of as to the meaning be madetioned eleven times in this modern Gleaners.

it Peter petra, lay between Certainly, congratulations are in and the

New*A. Testament,T. Robertson,says,a noted"The authorityancients didon thenot Greeksmile order for Oquirrh Stake for the confession of faith of Peter or a

abecause pun was made. was merely a neat turn of the that two. has Neverthecon- combination gone andof speech and very was common.It jesus So to stimulation says

. RobertsonThomas. then as an adds example that from into convinced the making less, he was far tinues to go M.I.A.

. of ".the words.in."Greek. be faithless, not but

20:27. of John effective of the (A Grammar program Greek in the lives of its it was Peter.

in Testament of the Light HistoricalNewbelieving"Research.

Fifth leaders Edition, 1201.) youth. p. and ( To be concluded )

472 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Composers of Peteetneet {Continued from page 438) High School, then returned to Pay- / reto canyon a beautifulson found insort he time,'which Payson Canyonand his sons called Townsend's teTsBSS&p

Park (today known as Maple Dell, property of the Boy Scouts ) easiest/ Your twen-"\Tt7HEN was Elder Townsend tyeight years of age and. thriftiest way to

nineWilliam Clayson years older, paintttpinsideorpot. superintendency in the servedthey

of the Sunday School. The two collaborated on the writing of many

popular hymns. The Deseret Sari"

day School Song Book contains fourteen of Brother Townsend's lyrics, many of which are in the current Hymns. All of his hymn Gay lasting colors

lyrics set forth the plea of a good for furniture, toys, teacher. His "Kind Words Are tools, 1000 things!

Sweet Tones of the Heart,"with There's no other finish

Flex. like on Goes Beesley, he said Ebenezermusic by covers so smoothly—so FLEX

his best sermon. Throughout brilliantwas -stays the much

long! Paint bo and up his of life he Wasninety odd years

beautiful.oeauuiui. avesave withwun Ljf,;...Tt,il his studentswellbeloved by Flex! and tough, washable isJmiSi$'

Church associates.

The year following the first camp Now at nearby dealers featuring made along the Peteetneet another man was born who was to make his mark in Utah music. O. P.Huish came to Utah with his parGENERAL PAINTS

ents and settled in Payson. He was

but a few years younger than the

IRRIGATE fHB | WITHtwo other musicians, born in 1851 in England. He was a member of *

a musical family, seven boys and a -Jffc girl, which conducted a brass band within their own fireside. This was

called the Huish band and later expanded to include other members from the town. Here was an opportunity for young Orson Pratt Huish to pick up much knowledge srftTR

of music, and later to compose some portabTe Irrigation systems three hundred numbers, both words Protect your future crops with a ShurRane irrigation system.

and music. He painted many beauYou can save up to 50% of the water you are now using.

tiful landscapes and became a INSURES AGAINST DROUGHT SEEDS GERMINATE FASTER photographer by profession. He CONSERVES WATER HELPS CURB PESTS

was selftaught in many lines of art IRRIGATES UNEVEN LAND REDUCES CULTIVATION COSTS and wrote verse upon every conThere is NO Substitute for SHURRANE quality ceivable subject, using everyday and rugged design.

occurrences and thoughts for inspiration. He has three hymns in DEALERS WANTED: Many areas in Utah and Idaho are"l

the Deseret Sunday School Song [available for SHURRANE dealers. Contact E. C.OIsen Co. for details. |

Booh credit going to him for both words and music. One of these is "Guide Me to Thee,"an immortal I EC. L&iH:&m&**&>

hymn which was a favorite of President Heber J. Grant, and was sung '. -.FARM, MAINOGDENOFFICE: SALT LAKE BRANCHESCITY AT: PROVO

at his funeral. Copies of his "Every [AND ORCHARD 375 31st ST. PHONE 5558 429 SO. 1st WEST 585 SO. 2nd WEST

Day a Mother's Day"were once J DISTRIBUTOR OF THESE WELLKNOWN LINES given to every mother present at SUPPLIES E. I. Du Pont de Neumours & Co. ShurRane Portable Irrigation Systems

(Concluded on page 474) Shell Chemical Co. California Spray Chemical Co. Dow Chemical Co.

JULY 1949 473 COMPOSERS OF PETEEINEET See Full Color {Concluded from page 473) Brother Done was his first teacher,

Mothers Day services in many and at the age of eleven young John

Scenic Pictures In L.D.S. wards. He is also writer of McClellan sometimes took his place

Tfiree Dimensions the Payson High School cheer as organist. When he was sevensong which has been sung by hunteen, he left Utah to further his

dreds of students and is today as musical studies, and from that date popular as ever. During his on he was a brilliant star in the

eightieth year he wrote a funeral world of music, studying in Europe song called "Blessed Are the Dead"as well as in the eastern states of which was used at his own funeral America.

a year later. Orson Huish was one When he returned to Salt Lake

M ammom; of our most versatile and accomCity, he became Tabernacle organplished composers, having the ist and director of the Salt Lake

unique ability to write both words Opera Company. He married Mary

and music to his songs. Douglass, a Payson girl, and was

Full color, 3-dimension pictures of AmeriTsJow in 1874, a short time before the father of five children. Death

cut his career short in 1925 at the the with yours are ca's scenic beauty VIEWthese had begun to commen with seven reels, each of Hundreds MASTER. of fiftyone. a child born was in Payson who age only pictures. Viewmasters $2, pose, magnificent

postpaid. was to shine more brightly than More than any other man probWrite for Catalog of any other man of his time in his ably, John J. McClellan is responNew Scenic Reels. chosen field of music. He was John sible for the popularity of the

Mail Orders Filled Promptly J. McClellan, a man whose name is organ in our wards today, having

of his listeners play music that and fascinated a boy with he was As UTAH PHDTD synonymous with the pipe organ. the uncanny ability to read the faces his audiences. appeal to would little the organ which had been

is the MATERIALS His is most wide- "Sweet Work"to the brought Tabernacle Payson

South Temple 27 W. the signature being melknown, the in Lehi. ly railhead from by team

City, Salt Utah Lake Complete supply of cameras, He was often present when John ody of many of the Church's radio films and supplies. Done, Sr., played and William broadcasts.

Clayson led the singing. Sometimes And so, as this centennial year of

he would be allowed to work Utah County is approached we wish the lever that helped expand the to do honor to Utah and her acsound into the gallery. After complishments, remembering these

meetings, John would often run his four men, great men all—who

fingers over the keys of the little called Utah County "home."They

organ, and one day he was allowed gave to their Church of their talents, to place his feet on the pedals and but it was through work in their

SOFTBALL fingerspush air soughtinto thea reedslittle whilemelody.his Churchoped. their talents were devel-

m EQUIPMENT STORM ALONG THE SWEETWATER Louisville Slugger e (Continued from page 440) ease the anxiety and loneliness of just as powerful were the having gone. she Everywhere Tom Bats but carried four hunprayers about in talk went, the ran to the supply

dred hearts. Their Lord, who had train and the chances of Tom and

Powers Athletic brought them this far, would surely Dai finding them. It was a spiritless

Clothing never desert them now. But who camp that night, and four oxen were

can speak of hunger and cold and killed with a reluctance felt by all.

doubt. Who can tell of slow death Happiest were the young children,

Riddell Shoes within the heart. knowing nothing of the fight for life

of evening the Towards first day being waged on the banks of the with a storm quit suddenness Harwood Balls i the Sweetwater.

that was startling. Hope blossomed

: again in the hearts of the Saints and *"Phe black and starless night enleft camp hunting for deer or veloped the camp, finding few Western Arms men other game. They came back with Saints in need of sleep or desiring

It after the rest. each nerves soon ragged was too With man

his foraging slightstrained ears to yet catch the was game Company nothing.storm. No

32 West 2nd South about. est sound of approaching wagons.

Ann trudged through the depth It was to no avail. Morning Salt Lake City

of snow, desiring only the company dawned, and hope lay cold in their of others. Talking to anyone would hearts. Hunters were again on the

474 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Your Dream trail of deer, antelope, and bear but returned with little or nothing to Kitchen...

exhibit.

Noon passed. The afternoon

so s#*t wanedlast of intothe evening.oxen wasButcheringdelayed untilthe

the final moment. Groups of Saints

fire in the their 0/ werecenter huddledof the camp.about Ina manso #

ner was the leaden acceptance of "GOODS Y TO MESSY WAYS,"disaster.

women are saying! They've disSuddenly the shout rang down

covered Silvo—the liquid polish through the woods, "Here they

silver. for specially designed They they come!"come! Here Men

it is, fast easily how know how the far knoll it standing watch on tiniest of gets into the out and crevices, and how their silver glows scurried towards camp. Frenzied

with a glorious brilliance. happiness filled their voices, and the

cry was repeated again and again,

SAFETY, TOO! Because it confirst with joy and then with a

abrasive tains or harmful no harsh prayerful thankfulness to God.

silver Silvo chemical, cannot hurt or hands. Try it—only 35 at Drifting with the crowd along the

so easy stores—andgrocery, department,enjoy yourandsilver'sjewelryrich uppereyes andslope,momentarilyAnn felt tearsblindsting her.her NOW

she exhausted topped new luster. Nearly the to build! coming, knoll and saw them Tom

kitchen your dream in the lead. a minute For Curtis secwith Don't—havewaif NOWfor

cabinets. wall relief These woodit to cry tional her caused THIS LWW WAY andimmenseDai

floor cabinets and in openly. of kitchen. shape Youfit anygetsizeextraor

QUICKER Then with a final controlled calmadvantages—roomyspacesaving construction.drawers,All

ness, she cleared her eyes and Curtis units come prime coated in walked towards Tom who had diswhitedesired.andCurtismaycabinetsbe decoratedare availas

mounted and was surrounded by ablefor immediate delivery.

jubilant men. Turning about, he

saw her and grinned. With a confidence born of deep understanding,

Ann walked directly into his arms.

Health and World Peace

{Continued from page 441 to continued peace. Will the present

plans, even though backed by the

United Nations, succeed where the Thismany snackCurtisbarunits.is justDropone inof andthe

others failed? Must some other get complete information.

stimulus to peace that has never yet AVAILABLE AT ALL been tried, be utilized to allay haBUILDING SUPPLY DEALERS treds and curb ambitions of nations? MORRISONMERRILL & CO.

A PRODUCT OF THE R. T. FRENCH COMPANY It would be a wonderful thing to Curtis Woodwork Distributors

Lake—Reno know the answers to these quesPocatello—Salt

tions.

FOR HEADQUARTERS further: said Dr. Parran "We IN LAS VEGAS. 2 NEVADAL. D. S.: or social solve one economic Watch For cannot

problem alone; there must be an YE KING'S REST MOTEL

"THE SENSATIONAL integrated approach."He empha526 SOUTH 5th STREET

DISCOVERY sized the statement of Mr. Fosdick, Dr.EdgarHaroldH. Foutz,B. Foutz,ManagerOwner

of the that there must be "rallying points Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout of unity, centers around which men

JERUSALEM SCROLLS"of differing cultures and faiths can by Dr. Sidney B. Sperry combine."These statements indiHOTEL LANKERSHIM

ft 7th BROADWAY that there a fundabe must in a forthcoming issue of cate

RATES MODERATE spiritual sincerity mental a and for L. apHeadquarters D. S.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA proach, in order to insure success in FRANK R. WISHON. inOperatorLos Angeles

project. immense LOS ANGELES 12 Issues $2.50 this - ONE CHARGE"country has demonstrated its TWO PERSONS Our

{Concluded on page 476) JULY 1949 475 HEALTH AND WORLD PEACE (Concluded from page 475) part of war; they have always been every officer representing our counmilitary, scientific, and economic and always will be a part of war; try had been a unit of integrity and

leadership, during and since the reand there is no use trying to change moral character, we would have the cent war. It is now in a position them."The truth of these staterespect of the nations, and our plans

to do more for the future peace of ments is admitted, but not the confor peace would be given greater the world than any other nation, or clusion that nothing can be done. consideration than is accorded them

than any other nation in history has The existence of these conditions, now.

been. If it can succeed with its more than any other factors, is the A news commentator* has emphapresent prestige, we have a hopeful reason for failures to prevent recursized the enormous responsibility

outlook. But many doubt that enrence of wars in the past. They that inevitably goes with leadership.

during peace can come from our are likely to prevent success of This is true in the home, in the comscientific and economic efforts alone, present plans for peace, including munity, and certainly in our national even with prolonged military conthe world health movement. and international relationships.

trol. The world is suspicious of our Greed, starvation, concentration There are certain things that just

motives, skeptical of our sincerity, camp abuses, slave labor, and wholecan't be ignored if leadership is to and the world press accuses us of sale murder can and probably will survive and be respected. An explaying politics. There is no unity be still practised. Hatreds will perample was given by the commentaof purpose because all the great nasist, and wars will return. To overtor, who said that onethird of a

tions are suspicious of each other's come these conditions seems an imrecent huge loan to Britain, had almotives. Each feels that the other is possible task in our present state of ready been spent for tobacco. In

"holding back,"and is fighting for international suspicion. And yet view of her desperate economic conits own selfish interests, instead of these are the things that must be dition and her place of responsibilfor world security. This attitude so abolished before permanent peace ity in world affairs, it would seem

far has prevented the satisfactory and security among nations can be incredible that her leaders would solution of even one major world assured. permit the literal burning up of

problem. There must be, therefore, moral hundreds of millions of dollars esleadership established, recognized, sential to her existence in so ir-

A rmies of all nations in the course and respected, before an effective responsible a fashion. Here is certainly an example of failure in leadof their invasion of conquered leadernation be start can made. A ership.countries, practised the have looting can't to things those stoop and still

of private homes and public places; lead the world to peace by scientific Is the solution of the problem of

moral debaucheries have been wideand economic projects, even of the enduring peace possible in view of spread; drunkenness has been alhighest order. If our moral leaderthe difficulties encountered? Commost universal and has led to the ship had kept pace with our military, parable problems can be settled becommitting of crimes that have beeconomic, and scientific leadership, tween men and communities by uscome international incidents. There our world problems would not loom ing the Golden Rule as a basis of

has been utter disregard, often, for so large today. If every boy and settlement. National and internathe rights and interests of the contional problems can be settled in the

quered by the conquerors, and this same way by a display of national has been true of almost all nations. and international integrity. Such a

The nations which were beaten in basis of settlement is indispensable, leadership recognizes the when inthis the war, war, early were the A MEMORY and fact, is possible. success their aggressors, period during and

of success, wholesale torture, starBy Verda P. Boltschweiler By all means the movement for

vation, and murder were practised. world health betterment should go

In retaliation, millions of men are SHE crept into our inmost hearts on. Here is certainly a sincere efgentle, lovely her ways, With the the condition of fort to improve held in slave labor by somenow beautiful, humility of Her was exthat should serve as an nations, inthe conquering thereby friendship blessed days. world, our Her

creasing the hatreds. Starvation is ample in other fields. It may be a

to task ever dislodge greater of the some wedge was No still black widespread, markets and small shoulders her could bear, Than mistakes hatreds caused by past flourish, that materials supplied by loved Father her Heavenly She have been filched from government And she sought his help in prayer. all credit to our economic and scientific their in efforts for leaders stores. latter operations have These

it soul her kindled touched and God field! this of outour Already many carried scale, out a been on huge divine, that spark a was With enlisted medical standing have men he's taken her are posiback according home And now in a to men who

it would tion to know, and the culpability of Bereft your heart and mine. in this new project, and

it has been successfully seem that officers and known. men ismany matter no what And is destined to accomhis reasons are launched and Individual wholesale and greed and taking her For away,

graft have been practised by almost We must learn to say, "Thy will be done,* plish untold good in a devastated all nations. Some have been much And thank him when we pray world. It gives new hope and

worse than others, but none is free For these gifts so precious and sublime arouses new ambition for a better from guilt in these respects. He gives us without end, world.

Abbe, "James news commentator; broadcast of

28, 1947 You say, "These things are a OfAndlaughing,prayingworking,with a cryingfriend. March

476 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE EDITOR'S PAGE {Concluded from page 429) who dwell in this land. Today, let

enacted for our government may be us draw near unto the Lord, and wesuch as he would be pleased to enwill honor him and honor the govJfaL dorse. ernment that he has prepared for

I pray that this people may go on us, under which we live and inexercising a power for the blessing which we have part in protecting. DESERET

of the children of men in this land It is part of the plan and purpose that will be felt from shore to shore, of our Father that men may enjoy and from border to border. I am liberty and freedom, and that nograteful that I belong to a Church group of individuals may array NEWS

that has been directed by our Heavthemselves against the rights and enly Father to observe the constituprivileges of their fellows. I thanktional law of the land. I am gratemy Father in heaven for the knowlPRESS

ful that those men who have led this edge that he loves liberty. I hope

Church have been inspired by the and pray that the Lord may help us

Lord to teach obedience to law. I that we may be worthy of our birthCOMMERCIAL

am thankful that we have the word right, that we may live such pureof our Heavenly Father that we and holy lives that the adversary AND EDITION select haveshould us to tempt no power men, good honorwill and or PRINTERS AND direct evil paths, us into that thatable men, the and franchise and listenthat to the whisperings shall blessed with we may be we are BOOK BINDERS still that voice, ofexercised small interest in the orderly of to which all government, and in the interest of men are entitled, and know that PAPER RULING the perpetuation of a system of voice when it shall come to us, for it laws that shall continue peace and will point us the way of peace and contentment and satisfaction to all happiness and eternal life.

MISSION TO POLYNESIA rrofe&iional

(Continued 437) page from gunshots when heard were from

Carthage, his and Social and the Prophet and 28th of 1844, June, a smallQn the schooner in the South Seas brother, Hyrum, were murdered.

stopped by the island of Tubuai, Still unable to comprehend fully the J>tatluoner< and when the captain came ashore, horrible events that were occurring, he brought two letters addressed to Louisa and her daughters stood in streets the while the containwagon Pratt.Addison eager hands With

ing the bodies of PHONE 4-2581 their martyred took them,Addison that hoping by leaders by. passed they chance might be from 29 RICHARDS STREET the report Then about dusk came the about ChurchAmerica—newssome that dollar a thousand reward had family.and his no! But They were

from Tahiti; one from Elders Rogbeen offered for the head of the

ers and Grouard, and the other from Prophet, and that the mob was at a Dr. Winslow, one of the passenWarsaw, coming across the river.

gers on the Timoleon. Although he Louisa and the girls were terrified.

was happy to hear from his friends, If only Addison were there!

he could not help being disapThey talked of trying to hide pointed. but finally decided to go to

On that same day of June 28, bed,Not puttinga wink theirdid Louisatrust in sleepthe Lord.that

1844, Addison's wife and four night. Outside she could hear the

daughters, halfway around the sound of men and horses, rushing to world in Nauvoo, Illinois, were also and fro; the voices of officers shoutthinking of their husband and faing orders; the beating of drums.

ther and wishing he were with them. Surely this must be the end of

On that day the whole world the Church, she thought, maybe theseemed to be rent into a million end of everything. But she could

pieces. feel no anger or resentment. "I felt,"

Joseph Smith, their prophet, was she wrote, "the deepest humility bein jail in Carthage. The governor of fore God. I thought continually of

Illinois, had pledged protection who his words, 'Be still and know that I to him, speaking at a public was God.'"am

gathering of the people of Nauvoo, ( To be continued)

JULY 1949 477 THE FORI ON THE FIRING LINE the store at the time, it was destined to result in the greatest tragedy of (Continued page 443) from decided at to send once a man to the the mission. the river twentyfive Tp miles nearest Indian the agent reservaon These stores with their tempting

the log fort, from Mitchstood tion, that the begging sheep be called display of their indisgoods, and el's trading post. son, His Hernto their side back of the own river. pensable of barter custom and

don, along with a Mr. Myric, had In an hour of dark discouragement pawning, became danger points of

been killed on the reservation in the their representative returned, recontact where unforeseen friction winter of 187980. The old man porting that the agent had informed might develop explosive temperathe with the credited Navajos in that surly tones the murhim Navajos short notice. tures on The Indians

in his heart he cherder, and down right to the had as graze much the store lobbies, crowd north would lookished a pronounced bitterness toside of the river as anyone else. ing for anything on which they

wards them. The Piutes, ten times Were they whipped? Would they could put their sly hands, and

more insolent than the Navajos have to give up and go, leaving trouble would have started often dared to be, had no better standing their hardearned Cribs and fields with the Navajos but for the influat the post than the tribe across the and homes and hopes and move out? ence of men like Jim Joe.

river, and relations between them They would surely have to find a Once when five dollars went and Mitchel were always badly way to move the invading sheep or mysteriously from sight, and every strained. In the spring of 1882, they move themselves. Navajo in the store swore he was point a breaking reached suddenly

innocent, sent for Jones Kumen Jim council again. met in to of HThey They led a flourish hot words when

listened indignantly, and who prayed. the of bishop exchange then Then an guns and and Joe going with long strides to the store

shots. his coworkers seemed to rise to made Long John return the money. Mitchel ordered a detachment of the occasion with wise suggestions, The face of Jim Joe, fullblooded soldiers to come posthaste from Fort and with inspiring resolution. They Navajo, with lightbrown eyes and Lewis for the upholding of his digwould go boldly over the head of

nose, welwas always nity and the maintenance of his that Indian agent who had proeagle-beak Holding come in Bluff. to standards

rights. The Piutes withdrew in ugly nounced against them, but they of honor high above the masses ofhumor to register their fuming emowould go humbly as on their knees humanity whatever their shade, he tions in the indiscriminate slaughter in distress of pleading to higher auwas yet, like other reformers, able

praying cattle to the of thority, for deliverance people belonging of to make but little impression on his imposition. Bluff. disfrom this unbearable could Nothing be more

people. degenerate own turbing to the Navajos than the apEverybody in the fort prayed that Both tribes made it an essential

pearance of soldiers on their border, their delegate would have charm to their steal part of to business whenfavor. fighting win that the uniformed word cameand when When find ever could they or opmake an higher the authority listened into view, back had they drew camemen portunity. preyed each They on

inin- with their the livestock the ordered towards sympathy andwith other as they had done for ages truding reservation. they back to their of the sheep terior But own teralong the river, especially around

ritory, difficult gratitude to prevailed in deep matter it a crowdfound this crossing, but had the Mormons fort. of the their onto the ranges herdswith

their selfassertive neighbors, and a The San Juan Coop, with its livestock and imported goods which were peculiarly attractive, somehowcomparatively easy matter to move slowcrawling freight outfits of sixmore worth taking, and they hadn'tover to the range of the peacehorse pony teams and two wagons, pleading Mormons, and their sheep traveled back and forth regularly learned to keep watch on their possessions day and night. Also thebegan to strip the country around over that long slim road to Durango, Mormons did not go on the warpathBluff of every spear of grass. and it gradually became a subThe mission was always woefully stantial source of revenue. Their because of their losses. Old Nucki, the picture of guileall increasing with trade the to the Indians ofvulnerable humor bad

less honesty, inquire would often all freighting stockholder the each gave a ununprincipled andthe men days it was how many till Sunday, it, intervals. at regular job yet elementsstable around howThey and being pleased with the oldever discreet and diplomatic it had loaded out with pelts and wool and

interest man's in matters so imporflour in favor back with the blankets, with and loaded to keep goodto be tant to them, the alpeople would all for merchandise themselves to mainthe same, andsavages, and it had tell him. foolish ways felt they How store. fight for the business looked every aggressivetain The day an they discovered his when reason for that to so promising put William and hold Hyde its ownand night to

to wanting know, for discovthey the river ten plots surprise being miles beup the a store onoutgeneral ered that driving he was away their Bluff, as Rinflocks of low at what it. These is knownframed against

cattle and their butchering milk cone, the the corner pioneer a stranglehold where sheep tookNavajo cows while they were worshiping they they company which had to make a road up San knew themon unsuspectingly in the old log meetHill. survive weeks. notcould Juan for many inghouse. Not only impious Frank,It would deprive them of horses to This Rincone store, although it the It but longfaced Nucki! was milk, to the best with intenof to ride, of or was begun and cowswork

still a question vexed the whether tions, to contrary constitute of precedent a the advice wasit would little flower of friendship could surfail for Erastus the to to starve not people them stay couldwhich Snow vive thistles such rank among asout of the country. together. However much justificaThe Mormons met in council and tion there seemed to be for making {To be continued)

478 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA...

VL WontL Witk

CHURCH PUBLICATIONS

The Relief Society Magazine..

HPhe July Relief Society Magazine has some special features that will prove of interest to all members of the family: For Those Who Come After

by Anna Prince Redd, A Tribute to the Pioneer Mother by Lucy Fryer

Vance, The Land of the High Uintahs by Olive W. Burt, Table Settings for

the Canyon by Mary Grant Judd as well as other valuable articles for the home. The poetry features the frontispiece, Pioneer Mother by Ruth H.

Chadwick, as well as other poetry of exceptional merit.

The Children's Friend..

'"Phe July Children's Friend features some articles and stories on the

Pioneers and the United States of

America. The usual exceptional departments are carried forward, The

April Primary conference talk by President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., is included

in this issue. Chapter Five of the serial

The Ghost of Last Chance by Dorothy

Clapp Robinson runs in the magazine also. The youngest readers are also

well taken care of in this issue of The

Children's Friend.

The Instructor..

"Older John A. Widtsoe of the

Council of the Twelve writes ofThe Great Objective in the Instructor \P sffa a ei// for July. There are biographical articles on General Superintendent MilGLADE CANDY COMPANY - SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

ton Bennion, his assistants, George

R. Hill and A. Hamer Reiser, Wallace

F. Bennett, general treasurer, Wendell J. Ashton, former general secreBIND YOUR "ERAS"

tary, executive E. Folland, and Richard

Schools. each month as they come of thesecretary Sunday

report centennial of the is aThere sturdy, convenient looseleaf-type binder that of all present former We have a andhomecoming members of the general board. With holds twelve ERAS. Easily inserted or removed.

this issue Dr. Elfriede Frederick The supply is limited

Brown begins a series of six articles on Food, Nutrition, Health, and Ef- $1.25 postpaid

ficiency. Films for Your Library is While they last

librarians'in the department.discussed

School features THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SundayThe usual abound, including lesson aids for 50 North Main Street Salt Lake City 1. Utah

Sunday Schools in September.

JULY 1949 479 &wv

"Speak the Speech"ADDRESSES OF L.D.S. SERVICEMEN'S HOMESFrom Stockton, California, and from D. A. Stone came the

following letter: 1104 24th St., Cor. 24th 6 "C,"San Diego, Calif.

"I wish to place a request for the discussion of the word 615 "F"St., Marysville, Calif.

program in Your Page and Ours of the Era. 1594 So. Beretania St., Honolulu, T.H.

"I find that many of our leading stake and ward officers, as well as prominent members use the word in various forms:

program, progrum, progum.

going all correct. been This are on has not "Surely they

I like pictures the covers the very heart move much—the is better."gettingfor observe, as years, and no 1 can

I like like the column, the "Exploring Universe"and do this should noting for Stone, be I Elder Thanks, error—which. of "State Times). (These Morals"page list is first correct the one: pronunciationcorrected. you The

fix I in Portraits"helped think mind me. to. "Word my first the syllable prothe the accent and a with onprogram,

nounced as in car. chapters of "Nephi"which I am now struggling with. The

Glad to know that someone reads this little corner! M.C.J. poetry page is fine. I like your stories, "The Fort on the Firing

Line"and its like is very worth while for all thinking people --—also "Mulek of Zarahemla,"was a deeply stirring story;

the Corner."and "Cook's Spoken "The Word,"

17, York Kenmore New it I is shall circulate Altogether magazine and a splendidGentlemen:

it it. as thankful possible widely as very to and have am six the reading past been Improvement Era TheHave I letter. this long, of just almost couldn't long ashamed I am

it find through which medium a delightful and months in before. the I stop heart what's must speak One truly intimately quite about wonderful learning youram for success in the year, wishes all best and coming With

people. (s) Nellie Mrs, Callahan Pease life religions, of at a student been I have and now All my Again page of magazine your is very I want to say—every

there the teachings door has yearseighty and come to my his while or creed. race worth reader whatsoever to any

works of a people who seem to be trying to live as they preach; and whose teachings seem to me to be reflections from

my own heart. You should understand something of what this

means to me! Would that I were younger that I might cast

my lot among you! In 1905 there was a great "crusade"Golf Widow

against your people here in the East, as of course, you know, which 1 took with two big grains of salt, simply because you "You think so much of your old golf game that you don't married."remember even were when we in all bad! people; people are and Then, no Novemberwere

it dear; course I do, "Of was the day I sank that thirtymy of at missionof 1947, stopped your boys young two my

foot putt"first for the pamphlets. then gavedoor your and I saw me

time in my life "Mormon literature."I have studied all the

great religions and formulated my own brand; then along In The Rough

comes Mormonism and I find / am a Mormon.1 Strange, isn't

it? "Terrible links, caddie, terrible!"

"Sorry, off them an the to elders""young to speak I wish that have conNow sir, these are not the links—you got hour ago."date. since the tinued to mentioned above visit me

They are all charming young men. I find them interesting

and instructive in their conversation. I think we will always Fancy Figuring

be friends. And as representatives of your faith you may well

be proud of them. Their youthful spirits and wholesome Golfer: "Boy, how many did I take to do that hole?"

presence have been a source of real pleasure to me. In each Caddie: "I'm sorry, sir, I only went to a primary school."

I see something of my only brother that passed on at about their age. But enough of this Directional Finder

I never could believe the Bible story ended with the prophets;continent—andneverI didlove believeto thinkthatthatGodmy hadbelovedforgottenAmericanthis keepGolferlooking(faratoffyourin thewatch?"rough): "Say, caddy, why do you

Indians have a place in his great plan. Caddy: "It isn't a watch, sir; it's a compass."

I now have your Book of Mormon and What of the MorIs for further might suggest there something readyoumons? To the Brave

finished course as yet, with I have not any means, by ing? Of

these; but I don't expect to be writing you again. Native: "Sahib, I saw a lot of tiger tracks about a mile

Now about The Improvement Era, I want to tell what I north of here."

like very much about it. Hunter: "Good! Which way is south?"

STUDIO CITY WARD CHOIR

Studio City Ward in San Fernardo Stake has developed a ward choir which is making a commendable record. Professor Thomas Giles, formerly of

the University of Utah faculty, is the organizer and director of the group which numbes fortysix voices out of a ward population of five hundred people. The group recently furnished the music at stake conference. In addition to Professor Giles the officers are: Rudolph B. Lang, assistant director; Bates, Viva organist; J. Russell Allan, president; Peggy Lewis, secretary; Maizie Duffin, librarian; Zenda Luke, assistant librarian.—Submitted

by David Watts. G.

Br'-'- mm- '-"-])---..—

BY DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE

JhUu ll. Uul Ajt&U jd cl

iVDman, cl amIlsa. afli&L

Jbudh, who, toAAsuL bi ihsL wav&A. jd$L MtfAJbMoiMu $al&,

juJjaA,jcawhtjbjfifuLjjoApsiL

coimihi, wfatiisL, ih/uojucfpL

UUL pOA&MMOfL X) irf&AnaL thJudthtihouqiL amxd&L much adv&Miki, AhiL anxt h&Jv famili ftounxL unbowuktL

JPua. Zl hsJL AoqcL.

NOW IN ITS TWELFTH PRINTING

HIS thrilling story was first published privately by t:Dr. Widtsoe, and circulated by gift among his family and friends, with no thought of its going beyond

this close circle. But its unforgettable appeal to all

who read it gave rise to a demand for its wider circulation, and the executives of the Mutual Improvement

Associations and The Improvement Era asked Dr.

Widtsoe for the privilege of publishing a deluxe edition to be offered at a modest price. Permission was

granted—and now we offer—

Sil JHsl fJDAp&L TbvL AN IMPROVEMENT ERA BOOK

at all Intermountain Book Stores or 75 The Improvement Era, 50 North Main Street,

Salt Lake City 1, Utah. n

NEW HORIZONS

Add to frontier horizons the bold outlines of a modern city and you have a fitting

backdrop for these monumental figures -- symbols of yesterday's dreams come

true -- dreams backed by wise planning and dayby-day devotion to an ideal,

whether it be the founding of a faith, the settlement of a city or the building of

a life insurance inheritance for one's family.