'"%& Wi?

mm

The Improvement Era February 1964Get all the advantages

of a big firSB!.-r"ii*if inffft""fF**fffffiiitf'

university MmiiffVPMnninr7nnmirrnrnn*?mi

-With all of the inspiration and

friendliness of the full Church program

Brigham Young University is one of the great unifessional schools. The fullyaccredited engineering

versities of the world. With 15,398 students it is the departments have gained a high reputation for

largest institution of higher learning in the Great excellence, and the biological and agricultural area

Basin and one of the largest churchrelated universities has produced an unusually high number of national in the United States. Its students come from every leaders.

state in the nation and 54 foreign countries because Get your education the Y's way. Plan NOW to

there is "something special"at BYU. On this modern, attend. Write the University Relations Division for

wellequipped campus they receive academic, physical information.

and spiritual education together in an ideal social climate. Standards are high but they pay off in the

long run for BYU students are in demand over the nation and are recognized for their balanced eduStudy in Sixty cation.

BYU offers the doctor's, master's and bachelor's Departments of degrees. Also available is a twoyear certificate in the

Technical Institute. Students in premedicine, preThese Eleven Colleges

dentistry, preveterinary medicine, and prelaw rank far above national averages in acceptances at proCollege of Biological and Agricultural

Sciences Remember These Dates CollegeCollege ofof BusinessEducation

College of Family Living Spring Semester Registration Feb. 3-4 College of Fine Arts and Communications

Summer School 1st Term June 15 -July 17 CollegeGeneral ofCollegeHumanities and Social Sciences

Summer School 2nd Term July 20 Aug. 21 CollegeCollege ofof NursingPhysical and Engineering

Sciences College of Physical Education College of Religious Instruction Brigham Young University

PROVOUTAH STILL TIME TO Exploring the GET YOURS!

Universe

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr.

i 5 pc CAKE DECORATOR and COOKIE CUTTER SET You create festive masterpieces for every occasion with this set of eight coppertone cookie cutters with designs for Christmas, Halloween, and Thanksgiving... and this cake decoraWEATHER EXTREMES tor with six different tips.

Extremes in weather are always of interest. The world records in rainfall are as follows: for 1 minute, 1.23

inches, Unionville, Maryland, July 4, 1956; for 42 minutes, 12 inches at

Holt, Missouri, June 22, 1947; and

for 18 hours, 36.4 inches at Thrall,

Texas, Sept. 9, 1921. Maximum

wind speeds near the ground exceed 300 mph in tornadoes and 200 mph in hurricanes; a reliable observation NOW on back of each 5 and 10 lb. bag 8-pc MEASURING CUP

of 225 mph on the top of Mt. Wash- i and SPOON SET

ington, New Hampshire was made Each offer features topquality COPPER TONE FINISH

.. to at Lovely to look Mirro Housewares Aluminum during an intense April 12, 1934on

with. in 14, work Measuring. cupshandy

retail values $2.00 to $2.25. from with V2, V3, sizes, baroand 1-cup 4-piece storm. andspring The maximum

set. measuring wall spoon Handy for only Yours $1.00 per- 5 is only about readingmetric hangers, screws, with complete

label the from and bottom put them right at your fingertips. Portland, Maine, normal,cent above

I set. for of each Sugar any bag U and Scotland, or Aberdeen, 1, 1920,Feb. mt

... extras yourself for and Order for gifts.

Jan. 31, 1902; however, the lowest

ever recorded was measured by dropping instruments into the center of Hurricane Ida, 600 miles North

West of Guam on Sept. 24, 1958,

with only 87 percent normal pressure.

PARTY

CAKE PANS

These are the pans you wish for every time you bake a birthday, anniversary, or specialocca- sion cake. Four tiered

cake pans, ranging SHARK ATTRACTION in9"size from 3'4"to

Sharks are attracted by lowfre-

andquency sounds it has been found UP.O. BoxI SugarMlrro500, Manitowoc,OffersWisconsin

$1.00I Sugar(in cash,bagcheckfor eachor moneyof the following:order.) and one bottomat the Institute of Marine Science, labelI amfromenclosingany U and

(retail cake set 15piece value 12.25) decoraior cookie culler andUniversity of Miami, Florida. Pulsed a \ 2.25) set (retail value cup spoon piece measuring and

sounds of frequencies in the range 4-piece patty cake pan set (retail value 12.00)

of 20 to 60 cycles per second, resemName bling those of struggling fish, atStreetCity or RFD tracted sharks at distances beyond Offer tsoori nnly in U.S.A.

that of vision 50 to 75 feet. Higher

frequencies of 400 to 600 cycles a second or lowfrequency of continuous sounds were not interesting to them.

NOTE: You can send the bottom label from any bag of U and I Sugar for any of these offers.

The offer you wish does not have to appear on the bag you send in. Please allow three to four

weeks for delivery. This offer void in any territory where prohibited. Offer expires December

31, 1964.

FEBRUARY 1964 73 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for February 1964 Volume 67, Number 2

Church Features

The Editor's Page: "There Are Two Roads,"President David O. McKay 84 ART AND PHOTO CREDITS

73 Art: Ed Maryon

Your Question: "Whose Sins Are Remitted by the Atonement?"768485Art:Photo:Ed MaryonMax Tharpe

President Joseph Fielding Smith 86 929394-97 Photo:Photo: RuthRuth WidmarWidmar

9899 Art: Jerry Thompson

The Church Moves On, 80; Melchizedek Priesthood, 118; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 120. 100103 Photos: Maurice Scanlon

101 Photo: Ruth Widmar

106107 Art: Ted Nagata

118119 Art: Dale Kilbourn

Special Features 120 Art:Photo:EdGeneralMaryonMills Film Dept.

122125 Art: Virginia Sargent

Why Marry Within the Church? President Hugh B. Brown.... 88 129143 Art:Lettering:WarrenMauriceand PhyllisScanlonLuch

What I Like to Teach about the Book of Mormon, Lyman C. Berrett 92 All otherStudioart and photos: Ralph Reynolds

The Whip, Ray Barton, M.D 94

Scouting, A Great American Partnership, Ezra Taft Benson 100

Genealogy, Pertinent Questions Answered 104

Illinois in 1844, Reed H. Blake:.. 106

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 116, 117, 126

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 73; These Times: Government, Politics, and

the Church, G. Homer Durham, 76; Letters and Reports, 78.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Have the Heart to Be You 122 Mud Pies to Three Meals a Day.....123

The Era of Youth 129

The Last Word 144

Stories, Poetry

The Biggest Storm, Marcus Smith 98

Poetry.....110, 125, 128

The Improvement Era Offices, 135 South State Street, Salt Lake City 11, Utah the cover

Eiffel of the Tower, one The Editor; Associate Editors; Editor; Zobell, Managing L. Green, Managing Josephson, Evans, Richard Marba and O. Albert Doyle McKayDavid of landmarks in the built world,

Associates; Editorial Editor; Higcins, Pinnock, Family FlorenceC. Larsen, Today's Editor; MarionL. D. Hanks,Jr., Ablene CarterResearch Donna for international exposition an 1889 Art Direction: Editor; Studio. Associate B.Reynolds Editor; Era Ralph E.ElaineGrant,L. Youth Cannon, Era YouthThe The of of Paris, at this of subject the cover.

S. Editors. Contributing B. A. Gardiner, Sperry, Harris, SroNEY Alma NraLEY, FranklinG. Hugh Durham, Homer Deseret Chief Photographer, Newsis S. A. Subscription Associate Scott, Business Snarr, F. General Manager; Manager; Jr.,Florence Jacobsen, General Smtth, Vehl Glen Manager; CarlosG. Jr.,

this Heslop, brought transparency M. Director.Director; Advertising Evans, Thayer

Era. J.to The Improvement has He

Saints. All rights of of of Christ Inc., Associations Church Latterday just published Funds, Jesus Mutual the Mutual and Improvement 1964Copyright The returned again by by from Europe

to year, added the year price, $8.25; a $5.75; each succeeding subscriptions, Subscription $2.50 multiple in 3 years, year, advance;reserved. a $3.00 2 years, he has church on where been

price.three year for taking assignment photographs

for in Salt rate 1103, special of section for matter. act as secondclass the at Office, postage mailing City, provided at Acceptance Post Utah LakeEntered exhibit the the World's LDS 1918. 2, authorized of October 1917, July

this in to Fair York open summer. Newat at of rate for unsolicited the are 2c Manuscripts for acceptance paid contributions. is not on welcomes responsible manuscripts but Era ImprovementThe

a word and must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

notice days*Thirty changes cannot be madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof address.as well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Coverby DeseretLithographedNews Pressin full color

74 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA There's always a big selection of exciting, informative, literature at Deseret Book!

#..>..*,.**

* *.* i <* *

I ** At The

AU6ERT L.ZOBEU JR.

THE FALLACY THE OUTLAW OF AND THEY SHALL TEACHING WITH NEW AT THE FOUNTAIN by Alvin R. Dyer NAVAJO MOUNTAIN TEACH THEIR CHILDREN TECHNIQUES by Albert L- Zobell, Jr.

An interesting analysis and by Albert R- Lyman by Reed Bradford by Charles R. Hobbs Easily available quotations

of doctrinescomparison his adventure A swashbuckling professional Using knowlIf you to teach dynamicfrom the General Authorities thetwo churches life... Church of story wilth that throbs of—the ally and his read that testiedge together with can sparkle add depth and wisheffectively—then

of Christ LatterdayJesus recreating the unforgettable this book. to Contains experiencetalks! your Succinct a as Saint, Latterday gospel mony Dr.

Saints the of Reorganized a and career Indian remarkable tested suggestions truths! that are easy Bradford written has a book

AssistDyer, an ElderChurch. Posey. Old to named A novel to follow, dramatically and $1.00 that will be both a guide andant of the to Council family. the be by enjoyed the whole successful in operation! For

inspiration an to parents. scholarshipTwelve, brings $2.95 library! everyand extensive knowledge to $3.50

this masterly study. $3.95

tteseretCOM P A N Y Book 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND AT COTTONWOOD MALL

SALT LAKE CITY 2472 WASHINGTON BLVD., OGDEN

777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA

HERE STAND I- Deseret Book Company LOOKING!

by S. Dilworth Young 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

of exquisitely volume find A slim please Enclosed check Gentlemen: order [ ] 1 Q money

will that tender poetry Please charge. charm have enclosed an account. Amount $ delight Beautiful, you. and

reverent... and inspiring! for encircled numbered books. 12 3 4 5 6

$1.50 Name

Address.

City.. Zone State

Residents of Utah include 3V2% sales tax

T Another CLIP-A-RECIPE IDEA from FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST

rGOVERNMENT,

! POLITICS,

! & THE CHURCH

3A cup milk lA cup sugar 1 teaspoon salt THESE TIMES

Vi cup Planters Peanut Oil By Dr. G. Homer Durham

1 package Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast President, Arizona State University, Tempe

Va cup warm water (105115F) 1 egg 3Va cups unsifted flour (about) % cup sugar 1 teaspoon cinnamon Section 134 of the Doctrine and evaluating the conduct of the govPianters Peanut Oil Covenants of The Church of Jesus ernments of the world.

Confectioners'sugar glaze Christ of Latterday Saints is well result, a of Belief Declaration As the Declaration be as "The may in stir salt, known milk; Scald Va cup sugar, said to principles contain the which and Regarding Governments Laws to oil. Cool Dissolve lukewarm. Va cup

yeast in warm water in large warm in General."The section carries the Latterday Saints should strive to

bowl. Stir in milk mixture, beaten egg, date, August 17, 1835, "adopted by uphold and maintain so far as govhalf the flour. Beat until smooth. unanimous vote at a general assembly ernments and laws "in general"

Stir in enough flour to form soft... held at Kirtland, Ohio."It may are concerned.

dough. Knead 8-10 minutes until be said to have three great purposes The Declaration has great practismooth and elastic. Place in greased cal value to the Church, to the State,

bowl, turning to Cover; grease top. let 1. It declares the attitude of the and to the individual. When is a rise in until draftfree place warm,

doubled, about 1 hour. Church towards the rest of society, government a good government?

is a governmental policy Combine % cup sugar and cinnainsofar as society functions as a When mon. Punch dough down and divide politically organized community. In worthy of criticism? Which candiin half. Roll each half into 14 inch x other words, the Declaration provides dates for office should be supported?

9 inch rectangle. Sprinkle with cinnathe basis for what might be called What should our attitude be towards

monsugar mixture. Roll up tightly to "the foreign policy"of the Church, the public officials, local, regional,

rolls. inch Seal form 9 edges firmly. that is, the relation of the Church to national, international, that serve us?

roll into nine each Cut equal pieces.

Place on greased baking sheets, cut the various governmental systems of When should they receive support?

side up. Press down to flatten. Cover; the world. When, if ever, should we deny them

let rise in warm draftfree place, until 2. It provides the basis uponwhich support? Is disobedience to law or a

doubled, about 30 minutes. individual members of the Church public official ever justified? The

Deepfry in hot oil (375F.) for may adjust their lives to the deDeclaration affords practical basis for

2-3 minutes or until brown on both mands of citizenship, satisfy the determining the answers to these sides. Drain on absorbent paper. requirements of effective citizenship, questions which arise daily in our

dip in While warm, confectioners'and at the same time maintain lives. Shall we support the United 18. sugar glaze. Makes

religious freedom. Nations and its officers? Shall we

"S 3. It sets forth certain great political support our local officials in a policy

principles as the standard of conduct to provide a new sewer, bridge, for the members of the Church, for highway, or dam? Shall we choose

the Church as an organization, and this man or that one to represent as the basis for understanding and us in our national assemblies?

ANOTHER FINE PRODUCT OF STANDARD BRANDSL J

76 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Zl JV<C I DOWNTOWN A COTTONWOOD O

Mankind stands in need of criteria, guiding principles, standards of judgment. Section 134 contains

standards of judgment which are timetested and which have received the support of the most enlightened men, women, and societies known to civilization. How little most of

us appreciate this section! How

grateful we should be that our peo pie and our Church have adopted such principles. If we needed to dig

a garden, and we were provided with shovel, plow, and tractor, most of us would know what to do with the tools provided. The modern

world needs to "dig a garden,"a garden of good politics and good government. The Declaration of Belief provides the tools for this task.

The principles available are basic and fundamental to world peace and prosperity at home. Let us see,

briefly, what they are.

Here are some of the great principles of political life asserted in the document of August 17, 1835:

1. Governments exist for the benefit

of man. (See D&C 134:1.)

2. As well as being responsible to

the people, governments, through their officials, are responsible to

God for their actions, and God holds men responsible whether or not they, in turn, are willing to accept their with long sleeves share of the contract. (See ibid., 2-4.)

3. The "good and safety"of society Designed for a lifetime of beauty

are the principles which should and service. Simply tailored, easy

guide, alike, lawmakers and the adto keep spotlessly clean.

sleeves. tailored raglan Softly #222 ibid., 1.) the law. (See ofministrators

Little stepin zipper. care Long 80%

for4. conscience all men Freedom of cotton. 12"/2 polyester, 1020, -24Vs. 20%

is essential if a government is to ex12.98

ist in peace. (Ibid., 2, 4, 7.) #452V2 Tailored shirtwaist styling.

5. The right and control of individSide buttons on skirt. 100% noiron

ual property is likewise necessary. polyester.10.98 12%-22&

(See ibid., 2, 10.) #1286 Soft tailoring with straight

6. The protection of human life and skirt. 100% dacron polyester.

its preservation is also basic. (See 1020, 12V224V4.

ibid., 2, 10.) 12.98

7. Freedom of organization, includZCMI UNIFORMS

ing religious bodies, does not permit Downtown second floor;

either Church or state to interfere Cottonwood first floor.

with man's basic rights. Mail orders to

of Church and State8. Separation

126) ZCMI SHOPPING SERVICE on page (Continued

P. O. Box 1229 Salt Lake City, Utah

Include 35c postage for first item, 6c each additional. Utah residents add 3Va% state tax.

FEBRUARY 1964 77 WV'7':'-- KIDS LOVE THE //

'it I sr Letters "NEWS... because it's loaded V &7 *% "iVWtf and

are kids things with MSj/) 1 e; Reports

... "Li'l in interested

Abner,""The FlintfJMK { \\ A stones,""Tell Me Why,""Nancy,""Mickey Mouse,"fr-l "Pogo,"to mention just a J e 1—few. The News is edited to

provide wholesome entertainment for the whole family. Bring it into your

home every day.

Salt ffake Sktejgram THE MOUNTAIN WEST'S J/vdN EWSPAPER

NEW EAGLE SCOUTS

Two young men from Troop 513 Hartsville Ward, South Carolina Stake, recently achieved Eagle Rank in the Boy Scouts.

The boys are (1-r) Michael E. Petty, a

deacon, and Dempsey E. Tallon, Jr., a

teacher. Both boys have achieved their

95100 percent individual awards since being ordained.

A NEW GOLDEN GLEANER

Why Bigelow is specified for IN URUGUAY so many Mormon church buildings: Nelida Diaz, Trinidad branch of the

Central District, Uruguayan Mission, was

Gropoint Director, above, is one reason. they improve the building's appearance recently presented with her Golden Gleaner

Sturdy. Longwearing. Impressive in—they are excellent absorbers of sound. Award Certificate and Golden Gleaner Pin

color. This heavyduty tweed is woven Bigelow Carpets are ideal for the home, by Sister Clara Boren, president of the

AsImprovement Mutual Young Women's finestof wools, selected imported buildpublic well. every deas In fact—for

in Sister sociation Mission. the Uruguayan trafparticularlysigned for use where has or can ing, Bigelow every home, in of the auxiliary has Diaz worked manyfic is heaviest. carpet. We've the perfect customcreate of organizations the Church.

Gropoint Director is one of a group of done it since 1825.

Bigelow Carpets with quality befitting

Mormon church buildings. Not only do Bigelow RUGS & CARPETS SINCE 1825

78 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Encourage The Law The 'of Gospel learning Ap.VEST H with these library

2. E. by Mark ETERNITY FOR TIME AND Sill. 1. Sterling W. by OF HARVEST THE LAW

story popular This tremendously talks. material provoking thought Enough 52 musts Petersen.

courtcarries reader the through romance, talks lessons. for Elder or as 1,000 Acclaimed

ship an awareness it creates heartache and as literary Sill's finest $3.50 achievement.

for the necessity of temple marriage. $2.00 r

3. PROPHECIES OF JOSEPH SMITH by Duane 4. DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS COMPENDIUM

S. Crowther. This outstanding book deals by Sidney B. Sperry. The entire contents of

with the prophecies of Joseph Smith and their the Doctrine and Covenants are carefully exsubsequent fulfillment. Profusely illustrated plained. An enlightening work for all who

with charts and rare photographs. $3.95 would fully understand the revelations given

the church. $5.95

5. BOOK OF MORMON STORIES FOR YOUNG

L.D.S. 6. BIBLE STORIES FOR YOUNG L.D.S.

7. STORY OF OUR CHURCH FOR YOUNG L.D.S.

By Emma Marr Petersen. Three volumes, richly

illustrated, written to encourage and strengthen the faith of L.D.S. children. $3.25 each

DOCTRINES OF SALVATION

compiled by Bruce R. McConkie

9. VOL. I 12 ABOUT BAPTISM

10. VOL. II 13. ABOUT PRAYER by Emma Marr Petersen.

11. VOL. Ill In these two fastmoving adventure stories,

This authoritative 3-book series gives clear, written especially for young Latterday Saints, unmistakable answers to oft debated questhe true meaning of baptism and prayer tions on specific gospel subjects. $3.50 each is taught. $1.50 each

Order from your nearest BOOKCRAFT 2/64

Bookcraft dealer or from 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send the following circled books for which I enclose check or money order for $ 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14

Name Address

City Zone State.

FEBRUARY 1964 79 The Church Moves On Study Law at Home Earn an LL.B. Degree from LaSalle

The lawtrained man wins rapid promotion, big income, great personal influNOVEMBER 1963 ence and prestige in any line of business activity. Leading corporations seek out

such men for key positions. Under suElder William T. Geurts sustained as president of Salem Stake

of LaSalle's pervision distinguished law his as Charles F. Foulger Brown and with Elders W. Lowell faculty, thoroughly can law master you before, had who, a moment the presidency succeeding counselors, in spare enjoyably time. and your Your

study is illustrated with actual legal been sustained as the presidency of Corvallis Stake.

cases. Library LaSalle of Famed Law

14 volumes given as part to you of Elder Maurice R. Tanner sustained as president of Scottsdale

course. Mail coupon today. (Arizona) Stake, succeeding President Junius E. Driggs. President

Tanner had been serving as second counselor. Elder Eugene RomLASALLE EXTENSION UNIVERSITY ney, Jr., was resustained as first counselor, with Elder John R.

Institution A Correspondence Hicks as second counselor.

Dept. 26059, Chicago, Illinois 417 S. Dearborn,

Please send me your free illustrated booklet "Law Training for Leadership"The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

Name Age Theodore M. Burton, Assistant to the Twelve, as vicepresident

Address. of the Genealogical Society. In addition he will serve as managing

vicepresi- committee. genealogical priesthood As of the CityZone.&.. director of the genealogical active supervision will have dent, Elder Burton

County State. work of the Church under the direction of President N. Eldon

Tanner of the First Presidency, who is president of the society.

Elder Burton will assume his new duties upon returning home from

LEE Home the presidency of the European Mission.

Electric Flour MillHandy Compact Portland West Stake formed from parts of Portland ( Oregon

Automatic Ji Stake with Elder C. Carlile Carlson, who was serving as presiEAT YOUR Electric dent of Portland Stake, as president. His counselors are Elders L.

..WAY TO Edward Perry and Ronald K. Tall. The stake, the 386th now

functioning, was organized under the direction of President Joseph *ER HEALTH Fielding Smith of the Council of the Twelve and by Elder Sterling

W. Sill, Assistant to the Twelve. The first chapel built by the

Church in Portland (which is still used by wards) was completed and the first meetings held there in February 1929.

San Jose West Stake formed from parts of San Jose ( California

Stake with Elder Louis W. Latimer sustained as president and

Elders Russell L. Hulme and M. Donald Abraham as his counselors.

Grind Elder Hulme was serving as a counselor in the parent stake. This

Your Own is the 387th stake now in the Church. It was organized by Elder

LeGrand Richards of the Council of the Twelve and Elder John

Whole Wheat Longden, Assistant to the Twelve. At the close of the year 1930

there was the San Jose District of the California Mission. It comStone grind your own whole wheat prised three branches: Monterey, Palo Alto, and San Jose. The

flour LEE Electric in a Mill. Flour Home

Compact, handy, so automatic easy names of those three branches have long since given their names and to use. Don't shortchange yourself on to stakes of the Church.

health. Get all the nutritional value Elder Thomas Y. Emmett sustained as president of Portland

nature put into every grain of wheat. Stake, succeeding President Carlson. His counselors are Elders

Use home ground, stone ground Whole

Wheat flour. Your rolls and bread taste Grant K. Remington and Reed R. Madsen. Both President Emmett

better too. Write today for flour mill and Elder Remington served as counselors to President Carlson.

prices—4 models. Elder Paul M. Mortensen sustained as second counselor to

See, FOR YOURSELF: taste JUDGE how President Horace J. Ritchie of San Jose Stake. The first counselor stone ground whole much better wheat

baked goods are. Send check or money is Elder B. Floyd Farr.

order for 5 lb. package Deaf Smith Elder Vernon L. Cobabe, Jr., sustained as president of Redondo

or 5 WisconsinFlour $1.50 lb. package (California) Stake succeeding President Leslie L. Prestwich. New Flour Minnesota Free recipes us- $1.00.

ing Whole Wheat Flour. counselors are Elder George E. Magnusson, who was serving as

LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY 2023 W. Wisconsin Ave. Milwaukee, Wis.

so THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ay*s\Lstl&gJL s

A,

fht'JlLQ, MlUlJJL.prUjck CxXsuktupPan. Oy

Qj&di Jtiltj Asidt ftAOoCL a.xAjXLXJlPaJdUJMMJi.

i—)yy JjLttSbu 4LL&t&\ 4kL<A Yl/Mi&naJLM jfe*dX

JS&JL/JL. OVMii

Why Johnny can't write.

Probably because he doesn't read. Not biographies, stories and pictures that

that he can't; he just doesn't. reach out to embrace the child reader. THE BOOK OF KNOWLEDGE

It's easier just to watch TV. Yet as the child reads and learns, new 575TheLexingtonGrolier SocietyAve., Inc.N. Y. 22, N. Y.

TV makes no demands on his lazy questions are subtly planted in his mind mind. It entertains him, even enlightens to lead him on to other articles. Reading Pleasepage fullsendcolorme booklet,free your"The24him. But it gives him no inducement to quickly becomes a habit. Reading for Magic Carpet", the 'miniareading and learning; none of the direcknowledge. Reading for pleasure. ture'am interestedBook of inKnowledge.the GrolierI

tion so he desperately needs. Answer his need famousEducational"EasyPay"Plan.

is This where The Book of Knowledge can make the difference that will shape See for yourself. Let us send you a free

all the rest of his life. Every page is an 24page booklet of actual pages taken There are children in my family, ages.

invitation to read. And read more. directly from The Book of Knowledge.

See how it makes reading enjoyable; Name.

Reading becomes a habit how it teaches without the child even

Address.

Because this is the work that temptrealizing that he is learning!

ingly serves up all of history, science and City. -Zone.

arts... thethe of treasury whole human THE BOOK OF County. -State.

... child's ofknowledge point the from IE 2/64 A

cold, theview. impersonal Not in manner of an encyclopedia, but in articles, KNOWLEDGE A publication of Grolier Incorporated

FEBRUARY 1964 81 second counselor, and Elder A. RayNorth Columbia River Stake was City hospital. The eightynine year

mond Ostergren. Elder Reldon G. formed from parts of Columbia River old churchman and scholar was susPinney was released as first counselor. ( OregonWashington ) Stake with tained as one of the seven presidents

Elder Gerald L. Ericksen sustained Elder Wallace V. Teuscher sustained at the October 1909 general conferas president of Emigration (Salt as president and Elders Gilbert G. ence and was set apart January 23,

Lake City) Stake succeeding PresiParker and Orson P. Arnold sus1910 in New York while he was purdent L. Brent Goates. His counselors tained as counselors. This stake, the suing academic studies. He had been

are Elders LeRoy S. Howell and 389th, was organized under the disenior president since May 1941. His

Ralph O. Bradley. President Erickrection of Elders Harold B. Lee and grandfather Joseph Young, brother

sen and Elder Howell were counThomas S. Monson of the Council of of Brigham Young was chosen and

selors to President Goates. the Twelve. Missionary work in Oreordained one of the first seven presigon and Washington was begun in dents of seventies at Kirtland, Ohio,

The First Presidency announced 1897, and the area for a time was February 28, 1835, when that quothe appointment of Elder Mark part of the Oneida Stake. Oneida rum was first organized, and he

E. Anderson, recently released presiStake is now confined to southserved as senior president from April

dent of the Finnish Mission, as legal ern Idaho. 1837 to his death in July 1881. His

counsel to assist Elder Royal K. Elders Derrill H. Richards and son, Seymour B. Young, was set

Hunt, legal counsel in the European David G. Dance sustained as counapart as one of the first seven presiMission legal department. The headselors to President F. Arthur Kay of dents of seventy on October 14, 1882,

quarters are in Frankfurt, Germany. Seattle Stake. and served as senior president from

Elder Charles H. Osborn sustained April 1892 to his death in December

jit was announced today that as first counselor to President John 1924. Thus three generations: father,

I the Church building missionary Collings of Whittier (California) son, and grandson have spanned the program is now worldwide in scope. Stake succeeding Elder Norman L. history of the restored Church in

Eight new areas recently formed are Jacobson. Elder John N. Stephens their service. President Levi Edgar

Utah, Canadian, Northwest, Southsustained as second counselor sucYoung is survived by his widow, west, Northeast, Southeast, Central, ceeding Elder Osborn. three daughters, and five grandand SouthCentral. children. Funeral services were conGeneral Authorities and their ducted Monday, December 16, in the

Special memorial services for wives were invited to see the Assembly Hall on Temple Square.

I the slain President John F. Kennew record storage vault built in the (See also January Era, page 16.)

nedy were held in the Salt Lake side of a granite mountain in Little

Tabernacle under the direction of Cottonwood Canyon. Later this week The appointment of Lenore C.

President N. Eldon Tanner of the the facility will be open for public (Mrs. Joseph A.) Gundersen of

First Presidency. President David O. inspection. It was from this area, Salt Lake City to the general board

McKay was excused owing to illness. more than a century ago, that the of the Relief Society was announced.

The general public was invited; granite building blocks for the Salt She and her husband recently reabout six thousand persons were Lake Temple were taken. turned from Norway where he prein attendance. sided over the Norwegian Mission.

The First Presidency announced

President N. Eldon Tanner of the appointment of Elder A. President David O. McKay prethe First Presidency broadcast James Martin as president of the sented a Christmas message on

a Thanksgiving message to the French East Mission, succeeding the "Faith in Action"program of the world over the facilities of radio President Henry D. Moyle, Jr. At radio network of the National Broadstation WRUL. the time of this appointment Presicasting Company.

dent Martin was serving as a memDECEMBER 1963 ber of the Glendale (California) President Hugh B. Brown of

Stake high council. He has served the First Presidency delivered

Seattle East Stake was formed twice as a bishop, twice as a coun- a Christmas message on the "Faith from parts of Seattle Stake selor to bishops, as a stake Sunin Action"radio program of the Na- (Washington) with Elder Raymond day School superintendent, and has tional Broadcasting Company.

W. Eldredge sustained as stake worked in the MIA. He is a native of

president and Elders S. Ross Fox, South Africa and returned there The First Presidency announced

Jr., and Nelson A. Snow sustained as when his father was called to prethe appointment of Elder Howcounselors. Both President Eldredge side over that mission; later he was ard W. Hunter of the Council of the

and Elder Fox were serving as councalled to the French Mission. His Twelve, Elder EIRay L. Christianselors to President F. Arthur Kay of wife, Helen Krumperman Martin, sen, Assistant to the Council of the

Seattle Stake. This, the 388th stake will accompany him on this present Twelve, and Zelph Y. Ereckson,

of the Church, was organized under assignment. The couple have three former president of the Australian

the direction of Elder Spencer W. married children. Mission as members of the board of

Kimball of the Council of the Twelve trustees of The Genealogical Soand Elder Alvin R. Dyer, Assistant Death came to President Levi ciety of The Church of Jesus Christ

to the Twelve. Missionaries were apEdgar Young, senior president of Latterday Saints, which is a new

pointed to what is now Washington of the First Council of the Seventy, official name for the organization.

state as early as 1854. at 12:55 this afternoon in a Salt Lake (Continued on page 114)

82 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The only totem pole we ever bought

Strange purchase? You'd be surprised

at all that Standard buys.,* and where!

The totem pole, carved by Chilkat Indians for our manufacturing, transportation, research and our new Alaskan Refinery—Alaska's first refinery—marketing requirements last year.

depicts the story of oil in the 49th State. Our annual shopping list is more than 50,000 items

While it's one of the most unusual purchases we long, and it helps many a small, local business to ever made, it illustrates a Standard Oil Company prosper.

of California policy: To support local businesses Some of Standard's locallyspent dollars likely are

and communities with local purchases. working in your community. By helping to stimulate

The Chilkat clan was one of the more than 18,000 the local economy, they likewise suppliers who filled our exploration, producing, benefit you.

Planning ahead to serve you better

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

FEBRUARY 1964 83 THE EDITOR'S PAGE BY PRESIDENTThere are two roads DAVID O. MCKAY

Men may choose the right or they may choose the wrong; they may

walk in darkness or they may walk in the light. The Lord has given

them, in the various dispensations of the world, the light of the gospel, wherein they could walk and not stumble, wherein they could find that peace and happiness which he desires, as a Loving Father, his children should enjoy, but the Lord does not take from them their free agency.

The Prophet Lehi, in speaking to his son Jacob, said: "Wherefore, the

Lord God gave unto man that he should act for himself. Wherefore,

man could not act for himself save it should be that he was enticed by the one or the other."(2

Nephi2:16.)

And then in the twentyseventh verse: "Wherefore, men are free according to the flesh; and all things

are given them which are expedient unto man. And they are free to

choose liberty and eternal life, through the great mediation of all men, or to choose captivity and death, according to the captivity and power of the devil; for he seeketh that all men might be miserable

like unto himself."

God is watching over the destiny of nations. Shakespeare wrote these

words for one of his dramas:

"There is a divinity that shapes our ends, Roughhew them how we will."

{Hamlet, v.)

84 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA We may "roughhew our ends"; could, therefore, foretell it. The

we may choose our course; but God father loves the boy just the'same

will overrule our acts and the acts and would still continue to warn of nations for the consummation of him and plead for him to return to his divine purposes. the right path.

God is standing in the shadow of God, too, has shown the world, eternity, it seems to me, deploring through his prophets in ages gone now the inevitable results of the by, that many of his people, individfollies, the transgressions, and the uals as well as nations, would choose sins of his wayward children, but we the path that leads to misery and cannot blame him for these any death, and he foretold it, but the more than we can blame a father responsibility is upon those who who might say to his son: would not heed God's message, not

"There are two roads, my son, one upon God. But in his infinite wisleading to the right, one leading to dom, he will overrule these transthe left If you take the one to the gressors for the good of all his sons

right, it will lead you to success and and daughters. His love for them

happiness. If you take the one to is always manifest.

the left, it will bring upon you You and I have the greatest misery and unhappiness, and perblessing that can come to manhaps death, but you choose which membership in The Church of Jesus you will. You must choose; I will Christ of Latterday Saints and a

not force either upon you."testimony that God lives and that

The young man starts out and, he loves his children.

seeing the allurements and the atOnly a few thousand may have the tractiveness of the road to the left, privilege of bearing that testimony and thinking it is a short cut to his as fulltime missionaries, but all the happiness, he concludes to take it. membership of the Church will have

The father knows what will become the opportunity to live in obedience of him. He knows that not far from to the gospel of Jesus Christ and show

that flowery path there is a mirehole that they are using their freedom into which his boy will fall; he and their free agency in treading the

knows that after he struggles out of path that leads to life eternal.

that mirehole he will come to a The responsibility and opportunity slough into which he will flounder. comes to us to be an example to all

He sees others who have chosen the world. God help us so to be

that path in that same slough, and that in thus conducting ourselves, he knows that in their struggle to get the Church may be an ensign to the on dry land there will be fighting. nations, such as will indeed be a

He could see it long before the boy guide to them as they try to get back reached that condition, and he into the presence of their God.

FEBRUARY 1964 85 WHOSE SINS ARE REMITTED BY THE ATONEMENT?

question: In our discussion of versa!, so that all creatures who live

doctrinal subjects the question arose in mortality through the fall will whether or not the Savior by virtue receive the resurrection. Whether

of his atonement paid for the sins the Savior's sacrifice cleansed allof all the human family of Adam, YOUR mortals from their transgressions or or was he suffering for the sins of not was a disputed problem. Will

Adam and those who obey the gosyou kindly clear our minds onpel only? It was understood by all QUESthis point?

that the resurrection is to be unianswer: The question of salvaTION in September 1830, we find the foltion to mankind was clearly anlowing wonderful and clear explaswered by the Redeemer in many nation of the resurrection and the

completeness or universal naturediscourses while he was with the ANSWERED BY

Jews in his ministry. He offered of this restoration:

peace and rest in his Father's king- "And the great and abominable JOSEPHdom to all who would repent and church, which is the whore of allaccept the ordinances and teachFIELDING the earth, shall be cast down by ings of his gospel. He clearly stated devouring fire, according as it is

that those who reject the plan of spoken by the mouth of Ezekielsalvation are not cleansed from SMITH the prophet, who spoke of thesetheir sins. In the wonderful epistles PRESIDENT OF things, which have not come to

of Peter and Paul the plan of salvaTHE COUNCIL pass but surely must, as I live, for tion is clearly portrayed, as well OF THE TWELVE abominations shall not reign.

as in the many discourses of "And again, verily, verily, I say our Redeemer. unto you that when the thousand

This is the constant plea of our Redeemer: years are ended, and men again begin to deny their

"Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy God, then will I spare the earth but for a little season;

laden, and I will give you rest. "And the end shall come, and the heaven and the

"Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I earth shall be consumed and pass away, and there

am meek and lowly in heart: and ye shall find rest shall be a new heaven and a new earth.

unto your souls."(Matt. 11:2829.) "For all old things shall pass away, and all things

The atonement of the Savior accomplished two wonshall become new, even the heaven and the earth, derful things: First, it restored every living thing in and all the fulness thereof, both men and beasts, the

mortal life to eternal life, that is, it gives to every fowls of the air, and the fishes of the sea;

mortal creature the resurrection and eternal power "And not one hair, neither mote, shall be lost, over death; second, the remission of sins. for it is the workmanship of my hand.

In a revelation given to the Prophet Joseph Smith "Rut, behold, verily I say unto you, before the earth

86 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA shall pass away, Michael, mine archangel, shall sound their works. Some will receive the exaltation in the

his trump, and then shall all the dead awake, for their kingdom of God to become gods themselves and have graves shall be opened, and they shall come forth—blessings of eternal increase. Some will be assigned

yea, even all."(D&C 29:2126.) to the terrestrial kingdom to remain separately and

It is a very inconsistent notion which is held by singly forever, and some will be cast out into "outer some, that the resurrection will only come to human darkness, where there is weeping, and wailing, and souls, that the animals and plants have no spirits and gnashing of teeth."(Ibid., 101:91.)

therefore are not redeemed by the sacrifice of the There is a very serious question that arises in the

Son of God, and hence they are not entitled to minds of many who endeavor to comprehend the the resurrection. great suffering and sacrifice of the Son of God as to

In a revelation to the Prophet Joseph Smith in 1832, whether or not the members of the Church grasp the this answer to a question by one of the brethren significance of the Savior's atonement. Do we when

was given: we partake of the emblems, representing his death and

"What are we to understand by the four beasts, suffering, endeavor to visualize, as best we can, the spoken of in the same verse? (i.e. Revelation 4:6.) extreme and dreadful ordeal through which our Re-

"They are figurative expressions, used by the Revedeemer passed in order that we, through the keeping lator, John, in describing heaven, the paradise of God, of his commandments, may escape the torment of the happiness of man, and of beasts, and of creeping our transgressions? He has described to some extent

things, and of the fowls of the air; that which is spiritthat terrible ordeal, which we mortals cannot fully

ual being in the likeness of that which is temporal; visualize, in the following touching words in the

and that which is temporal in the likeness of that which revelation given to the Prophet Joseph Smith:

is spiritual; the spirit of man in the likeness of his per- "For behold, I, God, have suffered these things for

son, and also the spirit of the beast, and every other all, that they might not suffer if they would repent;

creature which God has created."(D&C 77:2.) "But if they would not repent they must suffer

From the revelations of the Lord we learn that even as I;

there was no death in this world before the trans- "Which suffering caused myself, even God, the gression of Adam and Eve. Elder Parley P. Pratt, in greatest of all, to tremble because of pain, and to

his Voice of Warning, has portrayed a beautiful picbleed at every pore, and to suffer both body and ture of the conditions which then prevailed. When spirit—and would that I might not drink the bitter

Adam and Eve partook of the forbidden fruit they cup, and shrink—

brought mortality, not only upon themselves, but "Nevertheless, glory be to the Father, and I partook upon the whole earth and every living thing upon it, and finished my preparations unto the children of in the air, the waters, or on the face of the land. men."(Ibid., 19:1619.)

Even the earth itself partook of the seeds of death. How many members of the Church, when partakSince that day all living things, including the earth ing of the emblems of the Sacrament, try to visualize

itself, have partaken of mortal existence. the extreme suffering of the Son of God as he went

Notwithstanding this universal restoration, the inthrough his torment in our behalf in the Garden habitants of the earth will be rewarded according to of Gethsemane?

FEBRUARY 1964 87 BY PRESIDENT HUGH B. BROWN

"Be ye not unequally yoked together with unbelievers."ful marriage calls for mental, emotional, and spiritual

(2 Cor. 6:14.) unity, without which complete and satisfactory union

Some of our young people, and others, have wonbetween husband and wife is unattainable. Where

dered if The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday spiritual unity pervades all phases of married life,

Saints is peculiar or unique in its insistence that its other differences become insignificant. But antagomembers should marry within the Church. It may be nistic church allegiance is like a flaw in a building

interesting to some to know that leaders of other which extends from the foundation to the roof.

churches have, down through the ages, counseled Divisive disputes caused by religious differences their members to marry within their own faith. generally result in conflicts in a wider area than that

Catholic, Protestant, and Jewish leaders in all naof specific religious belief and observance. Even if

tions agree that interfaith marriages frequently end for the sake of harmony, the parties agree to become in separation or divorce. Several national studies have inactive in any church, still the carryover of their

been made on this important question, and they show early religious training, the cultural patterns and perthat the chances of divorce and separation are two sonal values will aggravate and complicate the proband onehalf times greater in interfaith marriages lems of dayto-day living.

than where the partners are of the same faith. These In Orthodox Judaism there is detailed regulation

studies further show that even where such marriages in daily living. Catholicism requires submission to

do not break up in divorce or separation, the differthe authority of the church, while Protestantism genence in religious opinions and convictions is at the root erally stresses individual freedom. Most young people

of much unhappiness. raised in any one of these religious groups are deeply

If either one or both parties to such marriages are affected by their early training, and if they marry into sincere in their religious convictions, there is sure to different faiths and undertake to raise a family, their

come a time, especially after children come into the fundamental problems are vastly increased.

home, when one or theother must yield, unless both In The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, are willing to give up religious practices altogether. there are many additional, fundamental reasons for

If they choose the latter alternative, it means their marrying within the Church. Its members believe

children will be brought up without any kind of that the gospel of Jesus Christ has been restored, that church attachment. they have a divine commission to live its principles

Reliable statistics show that where both parents and teach its doctrines and way of life, therefore, were Catholic, ninetytwo percent of their sons rethey cannot compromise without being untrue to themmain Catholic. Where both parents were Protestant, selves and to their children. Adherence to its princisixty-eight percent of their sons were practising ples and doctrines is incumbent by divine revelation

Protestants, but where one parent was Catholic and upon all its members, and they who accept such revethe other Protestant, only thirtyfour percent of the lation are anxious that their children shall be taught its children were practising members of either faith. principles and live according to its standards. Some

There are so many adjustments to be made in the of the teachings of the Church are, by other people, average marriage, that it is unwise to start out with looked upon as unusual and extreme. A young man

fundamental differences; and differences in religion or woman may, for a time, tolerate in his mate pracare fundamental. tices and indulgences which are forbidden, but the

Young people, during their courtship, may feel Latterday Saint boy or girl who marries out of the that their emotional harmony will make their differing Church must expect the question to arise and become faiths unimportant, but this does not prove to be true more vital as children come into the home. No true

in actual experience. It is not difficult to maintain Latterday Saint would wish to have his children

friendships across the barriers of religion, but successleave the Church, sacrifice its blessings, or be raised

From the book You and Your Marriage by President Hugh B. Brown, published by Bookcraft

88 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a in another faith. By the same token, the other spouse accept values and standards which are contrary to his

generally would not wish to have the children raised own early training and deep convictions. There can

in our Church, and here they join issue; here there is be no warm family fellowship enjoyed when the par-

a conflict of loyalties and a parting of the ways. Again ents, and later the children, differ on such essential

we say, religion, if sincere, is fundamental, and wisdom matters. Furthermore, children raised under such

would suggest in the interest of peace and happiness conditions will themselves be inclined to minimize or that not only Latterday Saints, but men and women disregard the importance of religion when in turn of other faiths, should marry members of their they may be seeking companions.

own church. Thoughtful young people should, before they start

There is, of course, the additional incentive for dating, avoid the danger of entanglements and date

LDS members to marry within the Church, and that only those who are of their own faith. All experienced

is that only worthy members of the Church may be counselors know that religious differences are among married in the temple. Temple marriage is for time the root causes of incompatibility and unhappiness.

and eternity, and children born to parents who were Some young people marry nonmembers in hope married in the temple belong to the parents forever. they may be converted and join the Church after marLet young men and women consider before they marry riage. It is much wiser to settle that question before

out of the Church whether they will be willing to marriage, and if neither one nor the other wishes to lose their children, either here or hereafter or both, join the Church to which his fiance belongs, a broken rather than overcome and reject a juvenile infatuation. engagement is much better than broken hearts and a

They who marry out of the Church and therefore out broken home after the marriage ceremony. Young

of the temple should consider the permanence of the men and women, thinking of marriage, look forward separation agreed to in the civil marriage ceremony, hopefully to building peaceful, lovefilled homes and which concludes with the saddening phrase, "Until raising happy, united families. If they talk to any

death do you part."There are, in all communities, wise marriage counselor, or the leaders of their own

eligible young men and women within the Church, church or the minister of their proposed companion, and caution should suggest to all that they consider they will almost invariably be advised to choose life well the probable, and in some respects inevitable, partners whose faith and spiritual background is the consequences of marrying out of the Church. same as their own.

Each one should try to imagine himself adjusting There are enough builtin hazards in this venture to the problem of seeing his or her child reared in without deliberately starting out with a fundamental another faith, or see the child form friendships or difference. The late President Joseph F. Smith, one

of the wisest and most revered of fathers, said in a joy. (Worshiping as a family.)

general conference of the Church: "I can see my marriage slowly slipping away from

"... Some people feel that it does not make very me. Our central interests are different. He likes dogs

much difference whether a girl marries a man in the and sports, mine must be church and children. I must

Church, full of the faith of the gospel, or an untake the children slowly to me and away from him.

believer. Some of our young people have married We have no common ground on which to meet in time

outside the Church, but very few of those who have of trial and need. Couples who cannot pray together,

done it have failed to come to grief. I would like to can seldom talk to each other. The loneliness I feel

see Latterday Saint women marry Latterday Saint these days is almost more than I can bear. The worst

men; and let Methodists marry Methodists, Catholics part of the whole situation is the conflicts with yourmarry Catholics, and Presbyterians marry Presbyteriself, knowing that your duty is to the children and

ans, and so on to the limit. Let them keep within the the church, and yet wanting the companionship of your

pale of their own faith and church, and marry and interhusband. I sincerely hope you will continue to impress

marry there, and let the Latterday Saints do the same these important facts on our youth. I don't believe

thing in their Church;..."(Oct. CR 1909, pp. 5, 6.) this subject can be stressed too much to our young

We receive many letters from people who face diboys and girls. May God be with me, that I may find

vorce and its attendant evils as a direct consequence a solution to my problem, I sincerely hope he can help of their having disregarded the above counsel. The me do the best with the mistake I have made."

following is typical: There are, of course, many good, sincere, devoted

"Dear Elder: people in other churches. Our objection to marrying

"As I listened to your address today, I wished, so them stems, not from any "holierthan-thou"feeling, deep in my heart, that I had listened to similar advice but from a desire that both parties avoid the unhappiten years ago. At the age of 22 I married a nonness which experience shows is almost inevitable. We

Mormon. I had dated good Mormon boys, but, alwould advise any Catholic, Protestant, or Jew not to

though I had respect for them, they had failed to marry a Latterday Saint and for the same reasons.

'sweep me off my feet.'... The time has come when Marriage is, to Latterday Saints, not only the most

my duty is first to my children. We can no longer serious and important of life's adventures, but it is,

spend our Sundays hunting or visiting. My children when properly solemnized, the gateway into the kingneed to go to church. My husband is willing that I dom of heaven. Futhermore, it is prerequisite to admitshould take them, but I must go alone. We are sepatance to the highest degree of the celestial kingdom.

rated in the one thing that could bring us the most Be satisfied with nothing less than celestial marriage.

CONDUCTED BY

THE UNIFIED CHURCH SCHOOL SYSTEM

BOOK OF MORMON:

s v ACCOUNT WRITTEN BY THE HANI) OF MQEWhat] MON, OKW PLATES TAKES FROM the plates op mem

of efso Socio wtl of tile HMtito* (he i,f: t!ie -li.inti i.) liooo (cmnoiM (.iiuwoites, t'oopfeoroo

.f.,OJ It, al oot*::ofce((ttoionttnei>t. 1,1(0 tOcoftO:i,(i!"t>v,1 itio. anrolotftciitoiOOr,

t: louieO \V(itn-,i. no, and

Il> to teach about l,f 111 dOHIOVI,,! (l-v surfoinJIt.,H

,tf Oon.t ioanin.-lilllinillllOll tOO.-..! Ol ll,R 1.O

.1. <if lOliliOOv1101 (fontO!|.f leiOO01On t/itlll, too.,0,0 l)>.*>lllfltltattoo, n-t; *! >fonii, (iimlivtttwiilg'ioOtt!-. i-l111 toy gif* from tint lUofOoi 'Jon,1.,-an

at (fee tm f'ooiileof P.I I.I. IIMIIIO "'!.wnie of'iho1!oooitotril widthT - tvjiioti lOtiiostit to OlJutto), liottoe 10lis* th* Hemon!-omo

ottltti** tfeat (o. titoy, HintoftV -lAffl!mth 1.0KO mi

;t((o o ttoo mot(loosof iltoiimo noitohn thetil*. Cork i-oooi lint lt>- initio toil ofTlVon-j;Omio.i, shewikoo.lO. a,J(Ooi

lit oin!i, 0: lit., tin

I the Book of; oot.1

BY.lOSKPH! 8MJTM, Jl'SJOK,

AUTHORASl> 1'KOT'KlIiTOll, Mormon

PALMYRA:

ITMsrin SV K. 11. tSMXOtS, Rill Tilt Ifcflffll,

1830.

BY LYMAN C. BERRETT / district coordinator of northern California seminaries

The writer believes the Book of Mormon to be exactly that Jesus is the Christ. This is apparent from reading

what it purports to be, an abridgment of records which the book, The Life of Jesus, by Maurice Goguel. This

have been preserved "... to show unto the remnant writer devotes the first chapter of his book to: (1) the

of the House of Israel what great things the Lord hath emergence of the historical problem concerning Jesus, done for their fathers; and that they may know the (2) the birth of criticism of the four gospels that tell

covenants of the Lord, that they are not cast off forthe story of Jesus—his life, miracles, teachings, and

ever—And also to the convincing of the Jew and death, ( 3 ) liberal Christian schools of thought regardGentile that Jesus is the Christ, the Eternal God, ing Jesus, and (4) theories of the nonhistoricity

manifesting himself unto all nations."(Preface to the of Jesus.

Book of Mormon.) Goguel suggests that the work of some of the promiTherefore, the writer likes to teach the Book of nent scholars of the nineteenth century gave rise to

Mormon as an instrument to build a testimony of the negations of Jesus by certain critics. He states,

Jesus Christ in the hearts of young people and to give "The first author of the nineteenth century to prounderstanding concerning his role in the affairs of nounce definitely against the actual existence of Jesus mankind. There is no reason to use the Book of Morwas Bruno Bauer."

mon as a text for history, geography, or anthropology. There is an evergrowing number—scholars, minCertainly the words of Nephi are explicit in this regard: isters, researchers, and laymen—who question the his-

"And I engraved that which is pleasing unto God. toricity of Jesus. This, together with the rise of the

And if my people are pleased with the things of God advocates of the "socialgospel"theory has made inthey will be pleased with mine engravings which are roads into the beliefs of some people. As serious as

upon the plates. the problem is, it seems that one of the great needs

"And if my people desire to know the more particutoday is to get the message of the Book of Mormon lar part of the history of my people they must search into the hearts of those who claim discipleship to Jesus mine other plates."(2 Nephi 5:3233.) Christ, the Redeemer and Savior of this world, and to

There is great need to convince Jew and gentile define the roll of Jesus Christ in the affairs of mankind.

92 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA There was no doubt in the minds of Book of Morformances and of ordinances, a law which they were mon prophets as to the reality of Jesus Christ. They to observe strictly from day to day, to keep them in

knew and taught that Jesus was the Messiah, that remembrance of God and their duty towards him.

his mission was one of redemption, and that Christ "For behold, did not Moses prophesy unto them would come in fulfilment of words spoken by former concerning the coming of the Messiah, and that God prophets who had proclaimed that "... God himself should redeem his people? Yea,

should come down among the children of men, and and even all the prophets who have take upon him the form of man, and go forth in prophesied ever since the world mighty power upon the face of the earth.... also that began—have they not spoken more

he should go and bring to pass the resurrection of or less concerning these things?"

the dead, and that he, himself, should be oppressed (Mosiah 13:30, 33.)

and afflicted."(Mosiah 13:3435.) Alma, Amulek, the sons of

Nephi even explained the time that the Savior would Mosiah, Alma the younger, Helacome t6 the earth, saying: "Yea, even six hundred man, Nephi the son of Helaman,

years from the time that my father left Jerusalem, a and Samuel the Lamanite, all -=J '&& prophet would the Lord God raise up among the taught that the Savior would come

Jews—even a Messiah, or, in other words, a Savior of and redeem his people. They were

the world."(1 Nephi 10:4.) certain that he would come. There

Lehi continued, explaining that a great number of was no question of his being real prophets had testified of the coming of the Messiah in their minds. They knew the imwho was the Redeemer of the world, and that mankind portance of his mission, and their

was in a lost and fallen state and ever would be if efforts were to the end that people they did not rely upon the Redeemer. Abinadi added were made aware of the personal

emphasis to the role of Christ in the plan of redempimportance of living Christ's teachtion with these words: "For were it not for the reings. After the visit of the Savior

demption which he hath made for his people, which to this continent, a detailed account SHIfcM was prepared from the foundation of the world, I of his ministry is given by Mormon.

say unto you, were it not for this, all mankind must The Book of Mormon gives some interesting achave perished."(Mosiah 15:19.) counts of men whose lives were drastically changed

Abinadi further emphasized the necessity of manby accepting the gospel, and who became "new kind accepting the mission of the Savior with these creatures."The experience of Alma the younger is one

words: "But remember that he that persists in his good example. Alma and the sons of Mosiah went

own carnal nature, and goes on in the ways of sin about the land persecuting the Church. They had a

and rebellion against God, remaineth in his fallen miraculous conversion and, in Alma's words, his soul state and the devil hath all power over him. Therewas redeemed from the "gall of bitterness."Note his

fore, he is as though there was no redemption made, declaration to his son Helaman: "For I went about

being an enemy to God...; with the sons of Mosiah, seeking to destroy the church

"And now if Christ had not come into the world, of God; but behold, God sent his holy angel to stop

speaking of things to come as though they have alus by the way.

ready come, there could have been no redemption.""And he said unto me: If thou wilt of thyself be

(Ibid., 16:5-6.) destroyed, seek no more to destroy the church of God.

Nephi writes that he delights in the words of Isaiah, "And it came to pass that I fell to the earth; and it

for Isaiah had seen the Redeemer. (2 Nephi 11:2.) He was for the space of three days and three nights that

further rejoiced in explaining to the people that if I could not open my mouth, neither had I the use of

Christ were not to come, all mankind must perish. my limbs.

He also delighted to prophesy concerning Christ, for "I was racked with eternal torment, for my soul was he had foreseen his coming and the redemption. harrowed up to the greatest degree and racked with

(Ibid., 25:13.) all my sins.

Jacob understood the law of Moses as a means of "Oh, thought I, that I could be banished and be- "pointing"the people to the Savior. "And for this come extinct both soul and body, that I might not

intent we keep the law of Moses, it pointing our be brought to stand in the presence of my God, to be souls to him; and for this cause it is sanctified unto judged of my deeds.

us for righteousness,..."(Jacob 4:5.) Abinadi also "And it came to pass that as I was thus racked with

understood the law of Moses as a "... law of pertorment, while I was (Continued on page 116)

FEBRUARY 1964 93 'fSSSfew

BY RAY BARTON, M.D.

The horseman paced his pony express speed so as to flecks mingled with sweat, the pace was short lived.

arrive at the next station on time. Waiting there, he Now, literally trembling and shaking, the horse

knew, would be another rider and a fresh horse. The stumbled to a slow trot, then a walk. The rider took

distance between stations was enough to take the best one desperate look over his shoulder, and what he saw out of a horse, but not overtax him. As the rider caused him to use both whip and spur without mercy.

rounded the last hill approaching the station, a terrible The horse was able to muster a gallop for a short scene of carnage met his eyes. The burning station distance, and then slowed to a walk. There was

and encircling Indians told the story. no life left, no amount of stimulus could move the

Unfortunately he was already spotted. He wheeled animal, the body was spent.

about and put spur to the tiring horse with the Indians As the horseman pushed the horse too far with the giving chase. He could feel his horse beginning to whip, so are many.people today pushing their bodies

tire. His speed was slacking. too far with stimulants. In the long range performNow it came time to use the whip. Under this ance of the human body, there is a proper balance

stimulus the horse leaped forward and for a time of wear and repair. Any substance which whips or

continued a furious pace. The distance began to tell stimulates the body unduly and upsets this balance

breath was coming faster and feet were moving slower. is damaging. The problem starts when the overIn desperation the rider savagely whipped the stimulated body, now tired, cries for rest. Instead of

sweatsoaked animal, this time until welts and cuts granting this wish, the person resents it—resents the

appeared. Again, the horse, unused to such violent overtired feeling. He must be able to continue what

treatment burst forth with renewed speed. As blood others are doing, continue the socalled normal pace.

94 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA This requires him to repeat the stimulant over and thoritative sources. For example, did you know that

over again. Then it begins to be more and more incaffeine causes a narrowing of the blood vessels with

sulting to the body. The effect is gradual, but at decreased blood flow, especially to the brain? 2 It also

length there is a price to pay. causes an abnormal increase in body functions and

One of the most common stimulants in use today is brain action, followed by a depressed reaction. Finally,

caffeine. It is predominantly consumed in the form there is an abnormal increased production of stomach

of coffee, tea, and cola beverages. A billion pounds acid and secretions. 3 These abnormal reactions, when

of coffee are consumed yearly in the United States repeated, set the stage for diseases of any or all alone. 1 How often have you heard the statement, "I organs mentioned.

just can't get the day started without my cup of coffee."There are many scientific experiments and observa-

A cup of coffee either with, or as a replacement for, tions relating to this subject. Some are here presented.

breakfast is an established institution. At a time It has been long known that animals which eat the

when a good breakfast should be put in the stomach, berries of the coffee plant do not sleep at night, but in anticipation of the activities of the day, a morning move about restlessly, 4 Upon continued use, they cup or two of coffee is supposed to suffice. This is develop loss of appetite and weight, and intestinal

just the beginning of the daily coffee, coke, and tea upsets occur. In the laboratory, when caffeine is fed

parade. The public is entitled to the facts. We have to animals, they become greatly excited. Cats become

been bombarded by radio, TV, and the press regarding frantic with moderate doses. 5 However, with conthe lift and the sparkling new feeling we will receive tinued caffeine in the diet, the animals eventually exwhen we use these products. hibit less than normal activity, becoming lethargic

The renewal of advertising contracts is based upon and sometimes stuporous as though they had been sales, it must be remembered. Our TV watchers and exercised to the point of exhaustion without rest.

radio listeners are faced with the most formidable An interesting experiment in humans showed that array of salesmanship weaponry. It is time for the facts! even moderate doses of caffeine produced a disturbIt is my intention to present information from auance of accurate and delicate movements. Accuracy

FEBRUARY 1964 in such things as precise target marksmanship was imphysical fitness. Most of the talk has been about exerpaired. The increased percentage of errors often percise, but little regarding diet. Basically what enters

sisted for several days. 6, the individual's stomach is what the individual beQuantitative studies have revealed that the basal comes physically. The bodybuilding process starts

metabolic rate (rate at which the tissue live) of prior to birth while in the womb. Here the baby is

habitual coffee drinkers is slightly higher than normal. 8 strictly dependent upon the mother for nourishment.

It is well known that nicotine is a poison. When As a warning to pregnant mothers, it has been found

nicotine is touched to the outer surface of the brain, in dogs that the identical amount of caffeine taken severe body convulsions result. Not well known, howby the mother has been found in the circulation of

ever, is the disturbing fact that when caffeine is the unborn animal. 17 Since younger tissue is more

touched to the outer surface of the brain, identical sensitive to poisons, the damaging effect is greater. 18

convulsions occur. 9 Animals which receive caffeine in the diet may also

Because coffee and tea also contain a kidney stimuhave a decreased number of offspring. 19 The offspring

lating drug, the kidneys come in for their share of which receive caffeine are generally stunted in size abuse. The vital function of the kidney is to excrete and do not show the normal amount of activity. Chilwaste. Experiments in animals show that this ability dren who drink caffeine beverages have been exbecomes weaker after being given the drug. On continuperimentally proved to average below the normal

ing, further damage and definite abnormal kidney weight, height, and strength. 20 '21 There is no doubt

changes take place. Eventually under prolonged dosthat habituation occurs to this drug, even by the casual

age, even death of the kidney cells occurs. Most user. 22 '23 When I refer to caffeine beverages, I refer

remarkable of all, these changes can be present even to coffee, tea, and cola drinks.

when the urine appears normal! In other words, this There has been considerable confusion about the

drug may cause death to kidney cells without any role of cola drinks with regard to caffeine content.

evidence of it showing in the urine. 10 Many of the socalled "soft drinks"popular in the

The parade of organs involved also includes the United States and elsewhere maintain their appeal

heart. I saw a sign in Berlin which said, speaking of a not only because of their flavor, but also because of

certain "decaffeinized"coffee product, "Drink, their caffeine content. 24 Certified analysis performed

it spares the heart."This company already adrnits one on March 21, 1963 by the State of Utah reveals that

of the problems—that caffeine wjips the heart. This three cups of coffee from separate coffee shops in

was proved when individuals were given caffeipe while downtown Salt Lake City, contain 38.2, 40.7 and 47.2

tracings were being made on an electrical heart remilligrams each of caffeine, an average of 42.1 millicorder, the electrocardiograph. The startling findings grams. One bottle (12 ounces) each of three leading

were that the heart rate is altered. There is slight cola beverages contains 36.5, 42.3, and 45.0 milligrams,

slowing at first followed by speeding (palpitation). an average of 41.3 milligrams. 25 The astounding fact

Arrythmias (irregular heartbeat) may be encountered is, that when one drinks a cola ( 12 ounces ), he takes > 13in people who use caffeine beverages to excess. 11 '12

Although the decaeinated beverages have a reduc- A striking comparison between tion in caffeine, yet other harmful effects remain. One caffeine found in three leading

three cola drinks cups sample and consists stimulationof these of the of too acid much is in the coffee on graph shown of in This causes heartburn, the stomach/ right. which the obtained coffee may The was

lead to stomach ulcers. In fact, one scientist has flatly fromin "readythreeto separatego"cartonscoffeein downshops

stated that the widespread use of coffee, tea, and cola town Salt Lake City. The bottles

beverages largely accounts for the production of such of cola drinks were purchased store. a grocery Analysis from

ulcers. 13 Any discussion concerning coffee is equally by the State was made Utah

office, test report No.applicable to tea. 10 Chemist's

inclusive, dated 63C395 - 63CU00

Frorn a national standpoint, there is much talk about March 21, 1963.

96 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA into his body as much caffeine as he would get in a his lash gives a false feeling of stimulation and incup of coffee! creased productivity. This leaves a deficit. In an

Because so many people are stimulating their bodies effort to overcome this, the stimulus is repeated and unduly, there has been a great upswing in the use of the aggravation continues. In the end there is a price

tranquilizers to combat excess nervousness. What an to pay.

unnatural way to live. Caffeine containing beverages are part of this whip.

Verse four of the eightyninth section of the DocEvery person owes it to his own body, and as his contrine and Covenants warns of evils and designs which tribution to the heritage of succeeding generations, to will exist in the world in the hearts of conspiring men eliminate all such items from his diet.

in the last days. 26

With sales quotas and monetary return as their only Goodman and Gillman, The Pharmacological Basis goal, production quotas are emphasized. These are Sollmann,of TherapeuticsManual2ndof Pharmacology,ed., p. 339. pp. 254262.

constantly rising throughout the world. In the case 3Ibid.,*Goodmanp. 269.and Gillman, op. cit., p. 339.

of tobacco, despite the medical warnings which have "Ibid.,5Sollman,pp. op.254255.cit., p. 255.

come out in the last few years, the consumption of ''Bridges,ed., p. Dietetics191. for the Clinician, Johnson, 5th

tobacco is steadily on the rise. Habituation cannot be Goodmant'Sollmann, andop. cit.,Gillman,p. 255.op. cit., p. 347.

denied. This is no less so with caffeine beverages. ]0Ibid.,Goodmanp. 262.and Gillman, op. cit., p. 342.

cit., 258, 268, 269. pp. The marvelous gift of the Word of Wisdom to the Sollmann,13Bridges, op.op.cit., 191. p.

"Idem.world was a gratuitous act of foresight in the kind,

and Gillman, op. cit., p. 346. Goodman

cit., op. Sollman, p. 269.loving wisdom of our facts herein have Creator. The

iTbid., p. 265.

266, 270. scientifically substantiated subsequentlybeen over

Gillman, and 1819GoodmanIbid., pp.and over again in the years since, and at great mone- 'Sollman, op. cit., p. 269.op. cit., p. 351

'Goodman and Gillman, op. cit., p. 351.

tary cost. Despite this, many men heed it not. Why Ibid., tollman,p. 352.op. cit., p. 261.

is this so? It is because a great and powerful horseman Goodman and Gillman, op. cit., p. 339.

rides astride the world today. His whip is loaded, but D&C-Independent89. report, State of Utah Laborat

FEBRUARY 1964 97 "Jim! You come here this minute!"I could hear my mother's

voice above the roar of the wind. The house was hidden in the

blizzard, and the snow, drifting around the barn and over the fences, grew steadily deeper.

"Jim,"she called again. "Can you hear me, Jim?"

"I'm coming, Mother,"I answered, but she didn't hear. The

wind caught the words as they came from my mouth and hurled them into the night, making them an ineffectual whine drowned by the fury of the storm.

I started toward the house, bucking the waistdeep snow.

The tracks I had made only minutes before were already drifted over, and the snow beating into my face was blinding. It was

the heaviest storm of the worst winter that I or my father or even the oldtimers could remember. Even now, sixteen years

later, when I think about that year and the hardship it wreaked on my family and neighbors, I shudder with a kind of horror.

It seemed that day in January of 1948, that everything my parents and my grandparents before them had worked so hard for would be wiped away. We were sheep ranchers, just small

ranchers, but we made a comfortable living, and we loved it.

Sheep ranching was the only livelihood we knew and the only one we wanted to know, but the sheep were freezing and starving on the range. We couldn't get feed to them through the deep

snow, and we couldn't get them to the feed for the same reason.

Mother was standing on the porch, a blanket clutched her hair streaming in the wind.1 tightly about her shoulders and

The snow swirled around her, making her seem smaller than she was, more fragile and even more beautiful. I loved my

mother more, I think, in that moment than I ever had before.

There is more strength there, I thought to myself, than in two f men twice her size.

"Jim, what on earth were you doing outside in this storm?"

She scowled at me, but her eyes smiled, and I knew she wasn't angry. She had every right to be though. I deserved what

she was saying.

"I only wanted to help Dad,"I stammered.

"That blizzard is no place for a tenyear-old boy,"she said. "Besides, your father's miles away with the sheep. You

know that."

"But with the storm he'll need help,"I pleaded.

"Never you mind that. Just get in the house and stay there.

I have enough to worry about without you slipping out to the barn in that storm."

Inside it was warm. The sound of burning wood from the

kitchen stove was friendly, comforting. The room was filled

with the sweet aroma of milk warming on the stove.

"Here,"Mother said, as she poured the milk into a glass.

"Drink this. You must be freezing."

I took the milk and drank slowly, savoring the rich taste of whole milk. A slender column of steam rose from the glass

and hung in the air above it. The milk felt good in my stomach.

I was cold.

"I wish Dad could have some ( Continued on page 128

we who love America must stand united to see that the great and demanding problems are properly resolved.

The need will be as great or greater in the future. We will

continue through all the foreseeable future to need men of great capacity, judgment, wisdom, high spiritual values, and character.

Many elements in America have power and resources to contribute to this acute need—the home, the

Church, and the school. Among

the other groups with the knowhow and skill to help strengthen

America are the several tried and effective youth activities. One of

these is Scouting—the great program of the Boy Scouts of America.

Scouting has been with us in America for fiftyfour years. About

36,059,000 young men have stood and said, "On my honor I will do my best...."What has a man,

that is worth more than his honor, to pledge? Truly, honor seems

more valuable than life itself. And

who can do better than to do his best? Most of us settle for a perSCOUTING A GREAT AMERICAN PARTNERSHIP centage of our best. To have

these important principles deeply

BY EZRA TAFT BENSON losing our great heritage of freeembedded in the hearts of 36,059,-

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE dom and liberty. 000 Americans is an achievement

With all this contentious climate of magnitude. During the fiftyAs we read the newspapers and there is great need in America, four years of the history of Scouting

other printed media, watch telenow and in the years to come, of in America, probably 80,000,000 vision, listen to the radio, and hear sound judgment, abilities to see Americans could and would have the voices of distinguished Americonditions clearly, to know our made the promise if it had been cans, we have become conscious basic concepts and philosophy, and possible to interest a sufficient of the fact that America is at with intelligence to arrive at proper number of Scouting sponsors.

the crossroads. Great tensions are conclusions. Great wisdom and Scouting is no longer on trial.

around us, great pressures and incourage in all walks of American It is past the experimental stage.

fluences surround us. Philosophies life is a paramount need. It has ready acceptance. It is a

of several kinds and colors are The need is now, and adult definite part of American life, posed for our consideration; yes, citizenry must face the task. There American lore, and American heritsome are even promoted and advoare many elements at work in the age. Scouts of today live the

cated so strongly that, lest we country; many forces for good, legendary lives of the great Ameribeware, we are in danger of many poor and many bad. Today can pioneer scouts. The vision,

lOO THE IMPROVEMENT ERA perseverance, courage, determinapurpose of this corporation is as set tion, and selfreliance of the old forth in the original certificate of

Scouts are inevitably a part of incorporation under the laws of the

Scouting today and so are a part of District of Columbia, dated FebruAmerica today. ary 8, 1910, and restated in Section

Scouting is not an organization. 3 of the Charter granted by ConIt is a movement. There is an orgress June 15, 1916, as follows:

ganization associated with it called 'That the purpose of this corporathe Boy Scouts of America. This tion shall be to promote, through

organization is the governing or organization, and cooperation with administrative body of Scouting. other agencies, the ability of boys

It is composed of leading male to do things for themselves and citizens from all parts of America, others, to train them in Scoutcraft, geographically, socially, racially, and to teach them patriotism, courphilosophically. This group of men age, selfreliance, and kindred viris charged, under the provisions of tues, using the methods which are

a charter issued to it by the Nanow in common use by Boy Scouts by placing emphasis upon the Scout

Oath or Promise and Law for character development, citizenship tional Congress, to offer the great training, and physical fitness.'"

program of Scouting to every boy The procedure of offering Scoutin America, regardless of race, ing to boys is not direct. Officially,

color, or creed. in making Scouting available to

As a movement, Scouting is a boys, the Boy Scouts of America program or a method. It is a does not make a direct approach to

way of doing something. Its purboys. They are reached through

pose is: institutions. The leaders of Scout-

1. Character building—to help to ing make it available to institutions

fill the need for men of shining—churches, synagogues, schools,

honor. civic groups, fraternal organizations,

2. Citizenship training—to help labor and farm groups.

young men to develop an uncomWhen the institution, which usupromising love for America and its ally has a group of boys and a boy great concepts and institutions; to program, accepts Scouting, it is

develop a strong attitude and deterchartered by the Boy Scouts of mination of selfreliance. America to operate the Scouting

3. Leadership development—to program as a supplement to its own

help to answer the great need of boy program. The charter is issued

leaders of capacity with high ideals. on an annual basis. It is renewed

4. Physical fitness—to help to each year. When the institution is

beat down the tendency, if there is chartered, these things happen:

one, of physical deterioration. 1. It helps boys.

5. Spiritual growth—American 2. It helps the community and

foundations and spiritual perpetustate.

ation of America are assured with 3. It helps strengthen the nation.

spiritually inclined citizenry. 4. It supplements the boy proAs the constitution of the Boy gram of the institution. Scouting's

Scouts of America says, "That the interpretive literature says, "When

FEBRUARY 1964 ioi the founding fathers established professional guidance, activities, operate 135,389 Scouting units, with

Scouting in America, they decided camping facilities, and registration a total of 3,909,485 boys registered to make the program available to service. This is all done to make on December 31, 1962. There were

institutions—churches, schools, civic the program of Scouting effective 1,412,682 leaders also registered at

groups, and fraternal bodies—to in the institution. that time. This is a resounding

supplement their programs in their Each also recognizes the policies demonstration of the success of this and standards of the other. Thus, great cooperative American enterthis great partnership is established prise. And American it is; boys

... to promote the ability and operates. If either partner fails, belong or not, as they choose;

of boys to do things for the whole operation fails. With leaders serve as leaders or not, as

themselves and others, each partner carrying its load, phethey choose; Americans support it

nomenal success has been the result. or not, as they choose. It has been

to teach them patriotism, Here are evidences of great partsaid that, "Scouting is as American courage, selfreliance, ner successes: as Indian corn."

and kindred virtues The outlet for Scouting to instiUnits Units Units tutions is through the 529 local 1961 Sponsor 1960 1962 councils. The local council is a

21,949 22,330 21,663 1. P-TA

work with boys."2. Methodist 13,335 13,668 13,937 definitely described geographical

5. It helps the institution with its 3. Catholic 11,307 11,595 11,800 area. Significantly and primarily

boy program—to help achieve its 45. PresbyterianBaptist 7,1687,341 7,1547,428 7,5087,179 the local council is a federation of

purpose. Again, the literature of 6. "Mormon"5,550 6,090 6,779 the chartered institutions within

Scouting says, "The very core of 8.7. LionsLutheranClubs 5,1375,654 5,0905,746 5,0645,895 its boundaries.

this program is the recognition that 9. Public Schools 4,340 4,469 4,796 The institution selects from its

each Chartered Institution has its 0. Amer. Legion 4,302 4,199 4,121 own membership a representative

own aims, methods, and procedures At the end of 1962, 88,000 organto be a member of the local counwhich they are bound to maintain izations of various kinds were sponcil. His title is Institutional Repreand a further recognition of the sors of the Scouting program. They sentative. Since more than fifty pervalue of Scouting to enrich their sponsored and were chartered to cent of the membership of the

youth programs and to help the

Chartered Institutions to do better the things they always wanted to do with and for their own boys and for the boys of thecommunity, recognizing also, the basic policies of the Boy Scouts of America."

Thus, the sponsoring institution and the Boy Scouts of America became partners. Each complements

the other in its boy programs. Each

does its part.

The institution provides the boys and the leaders with their meeting facilities and annually registers the boys and their leaders with the

Boy Scouts of America.

The Boy Scouts of America make the program of Scouting available to the institution and provide many services, including leader training,

102 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA local council must be representaand synagogues and has become a tives of the sponsoring institutions, cornerstone among the great blessthe added importance of these ings of Scouting.

institutions is easily seen. The For the various religious faiths,

council annually elects from its... to help perpetuate chaplains are active in the Scout

membership, officers and an executhe great fundamentals camps of America to assure the tive board. The board is the counof America spiritual needs of the campers.

cil's administrative body. Religious advisory committees

The membership of the council are functioning over the country to and board always comes from the maintain and strengthen the partvarious parts or facets of the comnership with religious groups.

munity. Among these are the Patriotism has been a part of

churches, synagogues, civic, educathe program. In an effort to help

tional, agriculture, business, inget out the vote in a national elecdustrial, professional, labor, and tion, 30,000,000 doorknob hangers, financial. Thus, Scouting is the prourging all voters to vote, were disgram or instrument through which tributed by the Boy Scouts. Flag

the Boy Scouts of America and ceremonies, patriotic observances, chartered institutions become partand service projects of various kinds ners to help to achieve a high purshould instill in the lives of boys pose: To help to perpetuate the a consciousness of the greatness

great fundamentals of America. of America.

The Scout solemnly pledges to Advancement and activities in do his duty: the program can develop our youth

1. To his God intellectually. The patrol method

2. To his Country and specialty programs will develop

3. To his Fellow men leadership. And all this to the ad-

4. To Himself vantage and credit to our boys and

He promises also to obey the 12 our country.

points of the Scout Law, which In fiftyfour years of Scouting starts with trustworthiness and con36,059,000 boys have said, "On my cludes with reverence. He has a honor I will do my best."There

motto, "Be Prepared"and a slogan, could have been possibly 80,000,- "Do a good turn daily."000 make the pledge. What was the

Religious emphasis is a part of deterring factor? Why was it

Scouting. All would agree that the 36,059,000 instead of 80,000,000?

most important statement in ScoutThere were not enough chartered ing is the Scout Oath, and the first institutions as partners.

principle enunciated in it is "duty America is growing—the populato God."To implement this great tion increase is rapid and acceleratprinciple, the Boy Scouts of Amering each year. There are and will

ica have urged the churches of be more boys, and they will surely

America to design awards and to want Scouting.

establish requirements for their There will be more churches and achievement, to recognize Scouts synagogues. Fiftyone percent of

and Explorers when they have done Scouting units are church spontheir duty to God and have been sored. There will be more clubs.

faithful in their religious duties. The P-TA will be extended. The

This has been done by the churches ( Continued on page 127

FEBRUARY 1964 103 Popular Education in Genealogy Church authorities are clearly defining this work as an important Priesthood responsibility. They are

In the Church and in the world, genealogy is fast pointing out that every bearer of the Priesthood is coming into its own. No longer is it regarded as a under a sacred obligation to seek out and be sealed

hobby for the aged and the retired. Today its devotees, to all his progenitors and their families. As President

including the young, middleaged and elderly, are Brigham Young emphatically said, "This Priesthood making out pedigree charts and family group sheets, has to do it. This Priesthood is for this purpose"

corresponding with relatives for genealogical informaSo the need for intensive training in genealogy tion, searching through an endless number of books is here.

and scanning microfilms in a quest for the records Already there is a number of avenues open to those and life stories of their forefathers. who would learn.

These are but the first rosy tints of the dawning of First there is the Family Class studying record keepthe greater day for genealogy. ing and genealogical research on M.I. A. night. CurIn 1894, when the First Presidency of the Church, rently those attending are studying Genealogical

several of the Apostles and a few others met and orResearch Standards, an introductory course in the ganized The Genealogical Society of Utah, they obtaining, verifying and properly recording genealogideclared one of its chief purposes ivould be "educacal data. Additional courses are to be provided in

tional in disseminating informati07i regarding geneSeptember 1964 in American and English research, alogical matters."This was a mild but important to train members in the wise use of the available

statement. It is doubtful if, at that time, they even records of those countries. Members will be privileged,

dreamed of the immensity which this educational after they have taken the basic course, to choose program would eventually assume. Now, seventy which of these two advanced courses they wish to take.

years later, the full vision of a Churchwide—even Several genealogical classes may thus be in session on

worldwide—program of teaching people everywhere the same night.

how to seek out their progenitors is beginning to Another great teaching opportunity is available in hurst upon us. the Genealogical Training Class in Sunday School. In

Pertinent Questions Answered

n n GENEALOGY

104 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA many wards this class is largely attended. Many of in Germany, Holland, the various Scandinavian counthose in attendance are the same persons who are entries, Scotland. Other countries can be included as

rolled for the Family weeknight class. There is no the demand grows for them, so that in the end there

duplication in the lessons, and helpful guidance is should be an official text for every country where given to those who are earnestly desirous of learning Latterday Saints are seeking out their dead.

all they can about research. To give further intensive genealogical training and

In 1964 special lessons in genealogy for juniors will to prepare teachers for the expanded program in genebe taught in all of the Sunday Schools (in six pilot alogy of the future, a number of courses is provided stakes). It is reported that numerous other stakes and on the basis of University credit at Brigham Young

wards have requested the opportunity to teach these University. There are three religion courses in genelessons to their young people. This, of course, will be alogy now for which religion credit may be obtained.

done in all stakes in 1965. Courses in genealogy may be obtained for credit at

Naturally, with this widespread need for skilful the following four B.Y.U. Adult Education Centers:

genealogical instructors, it is proper to take effective Ricks College at Rexburg, Ogden, Salt Lake City steps to train the teachers for genealogical classes. and Los Angeles.

Plans are being carefully considered to have two wellStill more, virtually all of the courses given at Brigchosen and qualified teachers come to the Genealogical ham Young University and at the various Adult EducaSociety from each region (or from two or more regions tion Centers, are also obtainable through the Home where each includes only a few stakes) to be given Study Department at B.Y.U. Plans are being conan intensive course on how best to present the Amerisidered to expand the number of these courses as the

can and/or the English and Welsh course. Regional need enlarges for qualified teachers and researchers.

or area teachers will then train two teachers from each The genealogical mustard seed is growing. The

stake, and stake teachers will next train two instructors mildly stated objective of "disseminating information from each ward. This should surely raise the level of regarding genealogical matters"is blossoming out

genealogical instruction. into a most tremendous and impressive program

Research texts are now being prepared on research of the Church.

QUESTION: In submitting family group sheets for processing is it sheets received, and the date of receipt. He then gives

necessary for me to record the relationship of the them to Record Examiner No. 1, who carefully checks

Family Representative to the husband and wife on over the sheets in accordance with standard instruceach sheet? tions. If there are imperfections he (or she) attaches

ANSWER: slips, to the sheets, calling attention to these errors or

The answer is found in the Genealogical Instruction omissions and pointing out what should be rectified.

Manual, 7-1, in these words: He is not to make any marks or notations on the

"On each family group record submitted for temple sheets themselves. Then he initials the sheets and

work the name of the Family Representative must returns them to the ward genealogy adviser.

appear in the appropriate space. It is from this person "Ward Record Examiners should make every effort

that the relationship is shown to the husband and wife to check the sheets within a day or so after receivon the family group record."ing them."

It is essential that this relationship be shown on The adviser records the date the sheets were reevery family group record sent in. turned to him by the first record examiner. Next he

delivers the sheets to the second record examiner who

QUESTION: follows a like procedure to that of the first examiner.

What procedure is followed in this ward examination

Then the adviser records on the printed form in his of records by the Family Group Sheet Examiners?

possession the date the sheets were returned to him

ANSWER: by the second examiner and also the date he returns

The family group sheets are delivered by the patron the sheets to the patron.

to the high priests group leader, who is adviser on The patron should amend his sheets according to the genealogy to the bishop. The latter records on a suggestions given by the two examiners. It is then his

printed form in his possession the name of the person responsibility to submit them to the Records Office of submitting the sheets (the patron), the number of the Genealogical Society in the usual way.

FEBRUARY 1964 105 tnf$t4

BY REED H. BLAKE

FORMERLY EDITORIAL ASSOCIATE,

In 1844 the west border of Illinois formed part of the thrown the nation into a depression that would last mythical line known as the American frontier as it for years. (It was called the "hard times.")

edged out of the Green Bay in Wisconsin and headed Farm laborers were paid their board and room and southwest to the Mississippi River, then down river fifty cents a day when they worked. Horses sold for

separating Illinois from the Territory of Iowa until $60; beef three dollars per hundredweight; pork eight

it gained the Missouri line, hence west to the western dollars a barrel; wheat thirty cents per hundred

boundary of Missouri, and then south to Arkansas pounds; flour two dollars a barrel; corn 15c a bushel;

and the Republic of Texas. and the best hams for three cents a pound.

Admitted to the Union in 1818, Illinois in 1844 was Most of Illinois'population resided south of Spring- a sparsely settled state of 625,000 people, most of field, the state capital.

whom were farmers, relying on the growing of grain One of the nation's thoroughfares from the east to crops and the grazing of livestock on the grassy plains. the west passed through southern Illinois, crossing the

For the most part they were without adequate money Ohio River at Golconda. Here much of the country

to buy a comfortable home, seed, or farm equipment. is hilly, and at that time, was heavily timbered. Mam-

(Cyrus McCormick's automatic reaper and John moth oaks, poplars, hickories, pecans, and other trees

Deere's steel plow had both appeared in 1835.) Sellwere abundant. The hillsides abounded in springs

ing what they could, buying only what they needed, of clear water. The forests offered game, the river

all looked for better times, but the panic of 1837 had fish. The bottomlands (Continued on page 110)

FEBRUARY 1964 107 job THE IMPROVEMENT ERA GREAT Open Diapason 8 Bourdon 8 Ask the

Dulciana 8 Octave 4 Rohrflote 4 organist Quint 2% Super Octave 2 Mixture IV Trumpet 8 What makes who

Clarinet 8 a good organ? plays one PEDAL

Diapason 16 If asked the following questions, most

Sub Bass 16 organists would give answers like these:

Octave 8 Bourdon 8 Q.dientsWhatof area goodthe mostbasicimportantorgan? tonal ingreOctave 4 Super or Principal Diapason, a good A. First

Blockflote of basis the organ ensemble. as 2 Chorus

Mixture IV Q. What is the next addition to a good organ? 16 Posaune

Trumpet 8 ItA.addsFlutevariety,work forprovidesthe secondaryaccompaniment.ensemble.

Schalmei 4 Q. What other qualities are important?

A. A good complement of Strings, Chorus

SWELL Reeds, and, of course, some Solo Reeds.

Flauto Dolce 16 Q. How many pedal stops should an organ

Diapason 8 have?

Rohrflote 8 A. Enough to support the foundation DiaSalicional 8 pason work on the manuals and balance all

Gedeckt 4 of the Flutes, Strings and other combinaSalicet 4 tions. Pedal stops should be available also

Nazard 2% for solos.

Fiautino 2 Q. Are couplers important?

Mixture IV A. Yes, to make the organ truly usable for

Fagott 16 church services and performance of the

Trompette 8 standard organ repertory, the Swell should

Oboe 8 couple to the Great, and both Great and

Clarion 4 Swell should couple to the Pedal.

Vibrato Now check the specifications of Baldwin's new Model 6 Organ to see how well it meets the requirements mentioned above. Not only

COUPLERS are the stops you want there, but also the

Swell to Great 8 tone. All 33 stops are independent—proGreat to Pedal 8 grammed through various channels of the

Swell to Pedal 8 standard threechannel amplification system in the Main Organ to give acoustical separation with the best musical results.

Built to the recommendations of the

American Guild of Organists, the Model 6 meets the need for a twomanual organ of

ACCESSORIES superior musical quality at a price within the budget. of a church with a modest meansThree preset combinations information the Baldwin about For more

affecting entire organ Model 6, mail the coupon below today.

Individual Swell and Great expression pedals IE 2-64 Piano & Organ CompanyPedalboard light Baldwin

Cincinnati 1801 Gilbert 2, Ohio Avenue,

Operating pilot light Please send more information about the

Fallboard cover and lock new Baldwin Model 6 Organ.

Chorus control NAMECHURCH.

Pedal expression switch ADDRESS.

MainFull-Echo switch BALDWIN

FEBRUARY 1964 109 Illinois in 1844 seventy feet where it leveled off ever, was consumed at home with again into the prairie, thus forming agriculture as the economic basis (Continued from page 107) the city's two levels. of the area.

Between the great crescent of the Each morning from the temple were covered with cane and grass. river and the homes on the flat was construction site a bell tolled at

So it was that those making the wedged a belt of wooded ground. seven, signaling the start of another

east to west crossing found themIt was from the bluff, in Nauvoo's day, and rang again at twelvenoon, selves in a country where a living new hill section, that one went to one, and six o'clock.

could be made with little work—view the surrounding country. Here During the day the air was rent

and above all, where they were on from a lookout platform, a common with whistles of riverboats as they free government soil. And so addition to river towns, one could came to dock at the foot of Water

they stopped. see the valley of the Mississippi Street. Through the city's streets

These early people came from River, lying exposed for miles in plodded oxen, pulling behind them

Georgia, the Carolinas, Tennessee, each direction. Beyond the checkerlarge slabs of stone underslung on the

Kentucky, and Virginia, and it was board of the city, the wooded belt, heavy timber of a wagon skeleton.

only natural that with them they and the broad, sweeping curve of And children, temporarily lost to brought a proslavery attitude. the river, the abrupt banks of the their parents, could be found trailing

It was a noithern county, howIowa shore leveled off into a low behind the oxen as they worked ever—Hancock, set in the center of plateau covered by a stand of timtheir way up the bluff to the temple

the black, loamy soil that was the ber. Here was the Mormon settlesite, or, if not engrossed in such

long Hancock prairie—that claimed ment of Montrose. things, perhaps playing along the

the state's largest city. Here on the Looking south one could see the river's sand banks, halfhidden

nation's frontier was Nauvoo, 1844, tortuous course of the Des Moines among the cornelians which grew in the Mormon capital, with a popuRiver forming the boundary bewild profusion.

lation of about twenty thousand—tween Missouri and Iowa territory The day in Nauvoo began at five

this at a time when the future as it made its confluence with am and extended for some 12 to 16 midwest giant Chicago was a city the Mississippi from a northwesterhours in the summer and 10 to 12 of 10,000 on the southwest shore of ly direction. hours in the winter. In the evenings

Lake Michigan, and Springfield was one would read the Bible, the Book a "muddy little town recently of Mormon, or other church literaplanted on the prairie."TOPIARY TREE ture, or perhaps a copy of some

Nauvoo was a city visited daily by BY WINIFRED HEISKELL LAYTON eastern newspaper, arriving on a authors and journalists—from the steamboat that day, or one of the

east and abroad—who came to view Spring is a Topiary tree, local papers, of which the city had

the swiftly blooming metropolis and trimmed to shape, fancifully two, the Nauvoo Neighbor and the to interview the Prophet Joseph depicting lambs, Times and Seasons.

Smith; by politicians courting die or colts, The Neighbor was an informal

favor of the Saints, who for a time or kittens... news sheet containing mostly local

held the political balance of power comes a late snow, the tree news. The Times and Seasons was

in Illinois; by land speculators bent wears mittens. a common country newspaper on

on making a hasty profit; by people one hand and a church journal on

of means making the fashionable the other. A semimonthly publicajourney up the Mississippi River by Upstream one could see as far tion, it carried marriage notices

steamboat; and—as with all western north as Fort Madison and down- (headed hymeneal notices), obitucities of the time—by the cunning, stream as far south as Keokuk, both aries, advertisements, orders to the

the destitute, and the wanted. on the Iowa side. Nauvoo Legion, and acts of the

Even at that time, as it has in the Stretching eastward from Nauvoo legislature, in addition to reports of years since, Nauvoo was hailed as a was the beautiful flat country of missionary work, communications new concept in community planning prairie grass, intermittent woodfrom the Prophet, and articles exand the first truly American conlands, and farms. They were pounding Mormon doctrine.

tribution to city dwelling. crossed at varying angles by windSundays in Nauvoo were devoted

Commerce, as the Nauvoo area ing creeks lined with trees. to church services and religious inwas first called, was originally a In the center of the city, on the struction. When the basement of

large Indian village known as brow of the bluff, an equal distance the temple was completed, the

Quashquema, and later, in the early from all three sides of the river, Saints met there, where previously, 1820's, it was settled as an Indian stood the Nauvoo Temple. Aland on some occasions yet, they had

trading post. ready, in its partly completed conmet in one of the city's three princiTucked into a horseshoe bend of dition, it could be seen for several pal groves—one immediately west

the Mississippi River, Nauvoo stood miles up and down the river. of the temple, another in the hollow

on two levels, the hill and the flat. Nauvoo had two steam gristand south of Mulholland Street, and a

The bank of the river, some half sawmills and one water mill, a third, and one in which the Prophet dozen feet above the high water wagon shop, two stone quarries, an delivered on Knight Street, in the mark, immediately leveled off for iron foundry, one pottery works, and fourth tier of blocks east of the halfseven blocks and then the ground a match and powder factory. Most finished temple. At one of these sites

began a gradual ascent of sixty to of the manufactured products, hownear the temple, six weeks after the

no THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prophet's death, Brigham Young and supper was eaten with the young Band (when strings were added to the Council of the Twelve were men, after which games followed the Brass Band), and the Nauvoo sustained as the new leaders of until midnight when the guests Legion Band.

the Church. departed. There were special events in NauIn the evenings the seventies, As one would surmise, the social voo, too, such as a visit from the

elders, or priests quorum might hold engagements of importance were Mabie and Howe Circus Company, a cornhusking party, a pie supper the Prophet loved to entertain or at or, as part of the 1844 Fourth of and dance, or an amateur theater the Masonic Hall. Cotillion parties July celebration, a pleasure trip for

night. A favorite with everyone was held at the Mansion House, where one dollar up the river to the Illinois

the dancing on the deck of the and other formal affairs were held at bluffs on the New Haven.

churchowned riverboat, Maid of the Mansion House or in other In education the city offered grade

Iowa. The cool breeze off the water homes large enough for such affairs. schooling in 1839, and in 1841

that gave relief to the summer heat, Generally the proceeds from such chartered the university of the City the twinkling of light on the rippling events went to the benefit of widows, of Nauvoo, although a campus was water below, and the swish of full missionaries, or the needy. never built, and the classes that were

skirts was a thrill long remembered Informal affairs were held in many offered were conducted in rented by the young. places—a neighbor's new barn, shed, public quarters. By 1844 some

Of special occasion for the young or coop, in the cleared areas of the schools in the city offered "common adults was the gathering of the groves or on the wharf. studies,"meaning the three R's,

young ladies to a home for quilting Popular with the Saints were de- "and on demand the higher mathefrom three until six in the afternoon bating and dramatic societies. These matics, philosophy, chemistry, Greek,

and then the retiring to a large, were sponsored by the various Latin, French, and Spanish."(In

foodladen table in the kitchen for church groups, social organizations, Nauvoo newspapers'advertising.)

supper. After the dishes were and schools, and received much Visiting in 1843, a Reverend A.

washed, the kitchen cleaned, and praise from church officials. Prior of the Methodist Church rethe quilt frames taken down, the In the evenings the streets of ported, "I found all the people enyoung men began arriving, their Nauvoo were often filled with the gaged in some useful and healthy

evening chores completed. Once tomusic of singers, the serenading of employment. Their place was alive

gether, the young people would sing newly married couples, as well as with business—much more so than

several songs and then promenade that of new parents. any place I have visited since the

around the room for a dancing The city had three bands: the hard times commenced. I sought

partner. At nine o'clock a second Nauvoo Brass Band, the Quadrille in vain for anything that bore the

hsPC5eneaTo1cdl Materials Simplify Research

is*'the,, Genealogical Research.new prepared Book Were Work

K,jich />'?'Classes, for use for Family irv the Genealogical in the use

'*: ':..-*,- SO n&-> in Teaching Program, all research genealogy. and for Home

already For Home Teach |nig Manyhave -fcjyn'ctresearchersit to—be boththe greatestbeginnershelpand toexperiencedcome forth—in many

It with is designed any course of study, to be used For Family Genealogical Classes years.

fit any personaKgrYd program. and can group

simplified eliminating confusion, is a system e? research, For All Who Have Ancestors Thisdisorder, ndtheir-uncertainty a to do it?"of "how This new

WorkB6bk Systemwill guide you carefully and easily from

SEARCH Wiat you already icnow through the sources available to you

WORK gOOK ipAncestry.find your p"ancesHtors,-cihd'"to establish them in your Line of

This new Research Work Book includes, among other features, the following:

-\- Six Steps to follow for orderly research -f- A {generous syppfy of the newest and simplest -j- The new Research Survey instructions from f'Research, Work -5heets (family group), the Genealogical Society h which afe me basic part of the Work + SOURCES: Where to go for information. This '|Boo1c Systgrms

is a wonderful new source guide by -j- File*envelopes, for filing documents, pictures,

Floren S. Preece, widelyexperienced re etc.

searcher and genealogical teacher. -f- Sections for historicaJlJnotes, and for maps.

-(- A supply of our new Pedigree Chart Work (New maps will 'soon be available for

Sheets this Work Book).

-f- AND—Research Organizer forms to help you plan your visits to the Library,

write your letters, etc., etc. These forms alone will save you much time and effort.

ALL of this material listed above and more, bound either in a prong looseleaf binder of genuine stiffback 3-ring binder. or tough in a strong, clothcovered, PRESSBOARD,

Price Book: Pressboard Binder $2.00 LDS AIDS for complete Genealogical Research Work

3-ring Binder $2.50 P.O. Box One

postpaid Buy through your local book and supply dealer, or direct from LDS AIDS, P. O. Box One, Smithfield, Utah Smithfield, Utah

FEBRUARY 1964 111 Do You Want Security in Your Home?

Should your power or gas fail THERMORITE with coal, will heat your front rooms like a mark of immorality, but was both fourth press in 1837 that Lovejoy coal stove. This is the modern way of enjoyastonished and highly pleased at my was killed.

fireplace. ing your

DEFINITELY STOP SMOKING ill success. I could see no loungers Nevertheless, the movement was WILL

it streets 1844 underway, and in drunkards nor the any was a force about No Illinois. I in taverns. with did the be reckoned not meet to about Smoke

No Sparks with the distorted features of rufFinancially the state was bankNo fians, or with the illbred and impurupt. In 1841 the Governor reported

Drafty Floors dent. I heard not an oath in the the state debt was over 12 million

Ample place, I saw not a gloomy countedollars, the interest on which was

Heat said $700,000. one project, nance; all were cheerful, polite, near No

Solid profits the Governor, returning was and industrious."Brass

"A Thing of Beauty, Economy and Safety Of special importance to the men, to the treasury, nor was there Treasured in Fine Homes Everywhere"outside of their church activities, enough money in the hands of the

Folder Colored for Free or Phone Write to people, the interhe claimed, activities the pay of the Nauvoo were

SALESCity, Utah Lake Blvd.THERMORITE HolladayBENNION 4817 activiyear. debt for one recreational est on the Legion. The Many 6-3310 8-8811 or CR Phone SaltAM

Available in leading glass, furniture and buildties were open to the men in Naucondition was reflected in the sale ing supply stores FULLY inGUARANTEEDthe intermountain area. voo, but parading and drilling with of Illinois bonds which were quoted

the Legion was the chief activity. at lie on the dollar. In 1842 both

At this time the Nauvoo Legion the State Bank at Springfield and numbered about five thousand. the Bank of Illinois at ShawneeLacking funds for a common unitown went bankrupt and the followform, the men improvised on their ing year were forced into liquidation.

own, and visitors often commented As with Missouri across the river, on the display of imaginative dressmobocracy was common throughas well as the diversity—when the out the state. Perhaps it was the

Legion paraded. unstableness of a new area combined

The Nauvoo Legion was not an with the panic of 1837 that opened exclusively Mormon military assothe area to this condition. Earlier

ciation (Nauvoo was 80 percent Hancock County had been overrun

Mormon, 20 percent nonMormon), by horse thieves and counterfeiters.

Special for.. but a body of citizen soldiers from They counted in their numbers

north Hancock County. In time they sheriffs, judges, and constables. A

as the best militia in decade earlier in Pope County a uMoftmcm QAcMmgs became known so strong they constate, occasion were said gang became the on and

Invitations, Napkins, Reception structed a fort. country. in the the best to be L.D.S. etc., featuring Albums,

temple designs. (Conventional The women read Lady's Book, On the heels of lawlessness came

styles 100 for $5.95.) Write and the men read the North Amerithe Regulator groups—citizens bandfor FREE catalog and samples. can Review. Most of the books ing together to stand against the

REXCRAFT Rexburg, Idaho - 83440 published were cheap reprints of lawless. This activity was encour-

(Catalog sent airmail for 25c) foreign classics. aged by high state officials.

In the east, employers paid 12c to It was during the 1840's that law15c an hour, had morning prayers, lessness became the most rampant.

required employees to be churchThe current governor, Thomas Ford, men, and in many cases, abolitionists. explained that Regulator groups WHEAT MILL As with the rest of the nation, the existed because the law couldn't

ONLY proslavery versus free staters confurnish enough strength "in the face

It of excitement."flict popular was of much importance. $695 1844, minister that however, it was the By a Presbyterian was POSTPAID

ANYWHERE introduced into Illinois the flames Regulators who needed policing.

IN THE STATES of abolition. After writing in his As an example of this problem UNITED

Cracks or grinds St. Louis Observer several antioutside of Hancock County, in

corn wheat, and slavery articles, he was driven by southern Illinois, the 1843 legislaall kinds of hard or soft grains, the proslavery Missourians from ture created a readymade hotbed

ORDER l'/i lbs. per min. their state. Landing in Alton, Illifor difficulties already existing in BY MAIL

GUARANTEED nois, across the river, his press was that area between the Regulators

SPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS destroyed by the citizens of that and Flatheads when it passed a bill city. Shortly after Lovejoy disproviding for a new county—Massac

PEHRSON HARDWARE claimed to being an abolitionist.—to be taken from the confines of

21 15 So. 1 lth East, Salt Lake City After several months of quiet pubthe currently troubled Pope and

lishing he again took up the pen Johnson counties.

for the cause, and again the citizens Horse thieving and counterfeiting

MOTHER: Send for this! setdestroyedup a thirdhis press.press—andUndaunted,it too washe aftermaths,were common—andbarn burning,so werewhipping,their

ft] Mistakes Parents *>*i* destroyed. It was during a riot and assassination.

this should have parent Every while defending the arrival of his The Regulators, following the booklet about 32page new * free, training. % child P It addressis obligation. Simply EFRE

i no w 1nrr H PARENTS ASSOCIATION IBOO

Dept. 1972, Pleasant Hill, Ohio Covers all ages

1 12 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tone example set for them in other counjointly with the US an uneasy conin the ties, formed themselves into comtrol over the Oregon Country (the panies with captains and leaders, present states of Washington, Orefinest likewise, Flatheads, Idaho,and the gon, part had and of Montana), their organization. there that area Soon and below was Mexico claimed tradition

open warfare. "Undesirable"famidominion.

lies were being expelled from their But Americans were awakening homes. Death had ceased to be to a great expansion movement.

a stranger. In upper Hancock County, Illinois

In time the citizens in Franklin the Saints were singing, "In Upper

County met in a mass convention to California, O that's the place for declare: "Whereas, The unfortume—/ It lies between the mounnate difficulties in Massac county, tains and the great Pacific sea./

continue unabated; the party called The Saints can be protected there,

'Regulators,'not only killing, whipand enjoy their liberty/ In Upper ping and torturing, in every way California, O that's the place for possible, men, but are engaged in me."And elsewhere—on the dusty

tearing over the streets of head the down houses, towns to newborn Worshipful, inspiring tone inof defenceless children, and of Congress—people chambers women were the tradition, of the world's

turning them adrift in the inclemtalking of settling the Oregon Coungreat organs for every requireency of the weather, unprotected; try, of possible annexation of Texas, ment.. in every price range.

insulting and abusing them; tramand of a new push into the CaliVisit our studio for a tonal

pling under their feet all law and fornia country. Americans were demonstration of the Allen

order, and the dearest and best seeing an image of a nation that... "the organ that sounds

rights of American citizens; therewould reach from the Atlantic to like an organ"

fore, be it * * * * Resolved...."the Pacific.

What the people resolved was The twentysix states would inSUMMERHAYS MUSIC that they had lost confidence in the crease to twentyeight a year later 3719 South State legislature to do anything about the with the addition of Florida and Salt Lake City, Utah condition thus forming and were in California 1850 faroff Texas, and SCHROEDER ORGAN CO.

intothemselves still another admitted. 1844 During be Reguwould 1434 E. McDowell

lator group. Samuel Morse's electric telegraph Phoenix, Arizona

After nineteen years—at the close began operating between Washingof 1850—peace and quiet would ton and Baltimore, and James Knox

finally settle over southern Illinois. Polk, with the gaining of new terri-"Perhaps no section of the countory as his platform, was elected MISSIONARIES

try,"a historian would later write, the eleventh president of the A TAPE RECORDER CAN BE AN "has undergone a greater reign United States. EXCELLENT TOOL IN YOUR WORK

of terror."In 1844 people's eyes were turnPolitically the state was nurturing ing west. Ideas of expansion weretwo men who would soon be politiin the air. It was the rise of the BUY NOW!

cal leaders on the national scene, common man; the call of maniPAY WHEN YOU GET HOME

Stephen A. Douglas and Abraham fest destiny.

Lincoln. On the local level the two STEREOTAPE

partiesmajor were the Democrats BIBLIOGRAPHY RECORDER CENTER Whigs.and the

1568 South State Salt Lake City, Utah In most of the 26 states in the DeseretAutobiographyNews Press,of SaltAndrewLakeJensen,City, 1938.The

Union public opinion was strongly Nauvoo Guide, American Guide Series, Clarence L. Jolley

against free public education. In Federal Writers'Project of Illinois, Works Enterprise

Administration, A. C. McClurgIllinois it would be another eleven Progress

1939. and Co., Chicago,

years, in 1855, before a public Halford, Reta Latimer, Nauvoo—The

common school system was estabCity Beautiful, Thesis, University of Utah, 1945.lished, thirteen pass and years would for IN SEVENTYFIVE USE YEARS

the Smith, Davis, Inez The Story of first publicbefore the secondary in simple treatment Aids of Canker, Publishing IndeHouse, Herald Church,school a reality. became throat sore minor and other Missouri, 1934. mouth pendence,

A decade earlier a religious revival "The Regulators and Flatheads in and throat irritations.

had swept the nation in the ProtesSouthern Illinois,"by James A. Rose,

Illinois State Historical the Transactions of sects, thetant Catholic and now

Illinois Historical State 1906, SoHALLS REMEDY enjoying in America wasChurch Springfield, 11. a cietySociety, Library, No. Salt Lake City. Utahsubstantial the through growth Snijder: Selected Writings, Francis John

rapid influx of Irish immigrants. edited by Clyde C. Walton, the Illinois

Little Giant Hotomatic Springfield, Society, Historical State 1962. disthis added growthWith came 3 Gas Water No. Heater History Henry, Brown, The of Illinois,

all Will supply persecution.crimination water the hot and

Press, 1844. Winchester York New Baptistries, for needed Church just J. the nation In 1844 young was Kitchens, Rest Heats Illinois, Rooms. History ChiFord, Thomas, of

20 rise 450 in temperaGPH, itself. British heldfinding S. Co., 1854. The cago: Griggs and C. for ture. Inexpensive. Write

free folders on water heaters and Fiberglass Baptistries.

LITTLE GIANT MFG. CO.

907 7th Street, Orange, Texas

FEBRUARY 1964 113 GREAT MINDS OF PAST Church Moves On

GREATNESS (Continued from page 82)

IS ACHIEVED THROUGH A These trustees replace Elder ErekCONSTANT son, Howard S. Bennion, G. Eugene

COURSE OF SELF England, Lorin N. Pace, and Irwin S.

IMPROVEMENT Fox as directors of the organization.

[Elder James C. Ellsworth sus-

I tained as president of Pasadena LET BYU

HOME STUDY ( California ) Stake, succeeding PresiAID YOU IN dent Richard S. Summerhays. Elders

ACHIEVING Clifford I. Cummings and Carl G.

THIS Warnick were sustained as counNOBLE AIM. selors. President Ellsworth and Elder

Cummings were counselors to President Summerhays.

NAME PLEASE SEND FREE ADDRESSthePresidentFirst PresidencyN. Eldon Tannerdeliveredof

HOME STUDY CITY STATE. ain NewAction"Year'sradiomessageprogramon ofthethe"FaithNaCATALOG TO... TO: HOME STUDY, Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah tional Broadcasting Company.

<> SALT LAKE CITY'S 7U#*t otU Thethe appointmentFirst Presidencyof aannouncedpresident for the new Oakland (California)

HOTEL Temple, now nearing completion.

is F. Elder Delbert Wright,

president <M TEMPLE SQUARE formerHe the of both OakMODERN COFFEE SHOPS DINING ROOMS land and the Minnesota stakes.

Dr. Richard R. Lyman, 93, who

DOWNTOWN RATES: had served as a member of the CounSINGLES $6.00 cil of the Twelve from April 1918

DOUBLES $8.00 to November 1943, passed away this

TWINS $10.00 evening at 10:30 in Salt Lake City.

He was a nationally prominent civil engineer and educator.

JANUARY 1964

Hunter Stake, 390th in the roll call of stakes, was organized from parts of North Jordan (Salt

Lake County) Stake by Elders LeGrand Richards and Thomas S. MonFREE Drive-/nPapmng sonElderofEldonthe CouncilVerne Breeze,of the whoTwelve.was

Clarence L West, Manager servingStake, wasas presidentsustainedof Northas presidentJordan EL 5-2961 PHONE 75 West South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah of Hunter Stake with Elder Dean S.

Farnsworth, his second counselor in the old stake, sustained as first, and

U ir Elder Matthew M. Petterson as second counselors. It is believed that BURNED OUT Hunter was first settled in 1876, and

REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY that the first regular church meetings in the area were conducted

A fire may mean you are out of a place to live, in Scandinavian.

with tremendous added expense before you find Elder W. Wallace Bawden susanother. tained as president of North Jordan

Let us explain your need for ample insurance Stake succeeding President Eldon as he served Verne Breeze whom to cover today's higher values.

first counselor. L. HarElders James

man and Richard W. Winder were

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY sustained as counselors.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

114 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NEW AMERICAN TEMPERANCE PLAN *100PAYS WEEKLY..

! even for life to Nondrinkers and NonSmokers

At last—a new kind of hospitalization plan for you thousands who realize drinking and

smoking are evil. Rates are fantastically low because "poor risk"drinkers and smokers

are excluded. Since your health is superior there is no age limit, no physical examination,

no waiting period. Only you can cancel your policy. No salesman will ever call. Starting

the first day you enter any hospital, you will be paid $14.28 a day.

You do not smoke or drinksickness, hospitalization caused by use of DO THIS TODAY!

else or narcotics. liquor everything On Fill application mail right below out and for so pay premiums why fully low amazingly you're protected—at will policy approval, away. your be Upon those do? who rates! at mailed. begins Coverage promptly noon in see your newspaper dayEvery you policy. effective of date deDon't your on 3. loss for that benefits evidence drinking smoking andmore Other lay. people enter almost Every 50,000 day

life. of America's They'reshorten one now of 90 accident days within hospitals. get protection So now. your health causeleading prime problems—a policy). in (as described pay $2000 We hospitaliratesof the high most premium for death. accidental cash $2000 cash Or

policies charge.zation foot, of loss sight for of or one hand, one MONEYBACK GUARANTEE

loss over for carefully. of eye. minpolicy your cash both Read one Askyour $6000 Or are rates your based on Our ister, it. doctor sure lawyer examine and Be feet. or eyes, both hands, both

it it provides exactly Then, what say towe superior health, all satisat reason are not if for any you 100%does. nondrinker aas nonsmoker. and The to just mail policy within back us your close invite 30 comparison We

will immediately fied,days we enrefund and your HospitalizaAmerican Temperancenew plan. other with any tire asked. questions premium. can You No offertion unbelievably low Plan can you

. dollars risk nothing. thousands gain..you of is like ours. Actually, other comno But drinkersrates accept because do not we

rates. save. See pare what you rates. Also, smokers, high causeand who

your premiums can never be raised because you grow older or have too many TEAR OUT ANMAITODAEORJEJTSJOO LATE claims. Only a general rate adjustment

up or down could affect your low rates. Application to Pioneer Life Insurance Company, Rockford, Illinois

And only you can cancel your policy. We FOR AT300cannot.

READ YOUR AMERICAN AMERICAN TEMPERANCE HOSPITALIZATION POLICY

TEMPERANCE PLAN BENEFITS Name (PLEASE PRINT) 1. You receive $100 cash weekly—StreetCity or RD #. Zone.County..State,

TAX FREEeven for life, Age Date of Birth from the first day you enter a hospital. Month Day Year

Good in any hospital in the world. We pay Occupation.Height Weight

in addition to any other insurance you Beneficiary, Relationship carry. We send you our payments Air I also apply for coverage for the members of my family listed below:

Mail Special Delivery so you have cash NAME AGE HEIGHT WEIGHT BENEFICIARY on hand fast. No limit on number of times 1.

you collect.

2. We cover all accidents and

sicknesses, 4.

except pregnancy, any act of war or miliTo the best of your knowledge and belief, are you and all members listed above in good health tary service, preexisting accidents or and free from any physical impairment, or disease? Yes No

To the best of your knowledge, have you or any member above listed had medical advice or

IMPORTANT: Check table below and include year first treatment, or have you or they been advised to have a surgical operation in the last five years?

premium with application. Yes No If so, please give details stating person affected, cause, date, name and address

LOOK AT THESE of attending physician, and whether fully recovered.

AMERICAN TEMPERANCE LOW RATES Pay Monthly Pay Yearly listed tobacco or alcoholic beverages, I nor apply and I hereby any person above uses child 18 Each that the policy cover conditions originating does not on the understanding based and pays $2o $28 forNeithera policy under prior to its effective date, and that the policy is issued solely and entirely in reliance upon the adult Each written answers to the above questions.

1964 pays $380 $38 Date: Signed:X Each adult ATIAT

65100 pays $590 *59 Mail this application with your first premium to

SAVE TWO MONTHS PREMIUM 1Y PAYING YEARLY! AMERICAN TEMPERANCE ASSOCIATES, Inc., Box 131, Libertyville, Illinois

FEBRUARY 1964 115 heart: O Jesus, thou Son of God, and again I say unto you, my son,

have mercy on me, who am in the that on the other hand, there can be

What I Like to Teach about gall of bitterness, and am encircled nothing so exquisite and sweet as 10, 12,the Book of Mormon about by the everlasting chains was my joy."(Alma 36:6, 9,

of death. 15, 1721. Italics added.)

I of leaves thought now, "And Thus the Book behold, when Mormon ( Continued from page 93 this, reality of the I could pains doubt no no remember about my more; yea, I was harrowed up by the Jesus Christ and the importance of

harrowed up by the memory of my memory of my sins no more. his mission.

many sins, behold, I remembered to "And oh, what joy, and what marThe foreword of the Book of Morhave heard my father prophesy unto velous light I did behold; yea, my mon specifies that this book also

the people concerning the coming of soul was filled with joy as exceeding shows the remnant of the House of one Jesus Christ, a Son of God, to as was my pain! Israel what great things the Lord has

atone for the sins of the world. "Yea, I say unto you, my son, that done for their fathers. In the light

"Now, as my mind caught hold there could be nothing so exquisite of this, consider these words: "...

upon this thought, I cried within my and so bitter as were my pains. Yea, we have obtained a land of promise,

a land which the Lord God hath covenanted with me should be a land for the inheritance of my seed.

Yea, the Lord God covenanted this land unto me, and to my children forever, and also those who should

I THE led out of other countries by the SPOKEN 41THE TARES AND THE WHEAT"be

WORD hand of the Lord.

"[And]... there shall none come

into this land save they shall be

RICHARD L. EVANS brought by the hand of the Lord.

"Wherefore, this land is conseshall crated unto he him whom talked of have the the world of two kinds of which made: men isWe it if fulbring. so they be that And

fillers pull the destroyers—those those and down, who build who up and to shall serve according him

Phillips cited said Brooks have that thereand the are some who who which hath given, "count commandments he field so that thethe tares of itself."further loud grows ashamed 1 Some of liberty it shall be a land unto

thoughts from this same source suggest the benefit and blessing of enthem; wherefore, they shall never

appreciation destructive force thecouragement of overemphasizing and and if so, side. scholar,the negative "Your child, your your servant—you may fulfil beit shallbroughtbe becausedown intoof captivity;iniquity; for

if said. or destroy him,"destroy you he "Youhim if [emphamay him you shall iniquity shall cursed abound

... issize] that everything ridiculous crude him. about and bad and You for their the land sakes, unto be but

if insignificant, feeldestroy himself him you him and make and weak it the shall righteous blessed be.. if to despair.drive his destroy feeling him him about You you make forever."1:5-7.) Nephi (2

fulfil if lifehis to the other shame..him... hand you be own you On a great to promise the What made

is it thatcatch everything enjudicious good with about water and him inhabitants of this It is land! land a

if fulfil praise. feeblest recognize everycouragement and him you You

is all that others choice above and effortto clumsiest inspire hope, do right, withand if you if you him make that time, was, at the kept from... cultivating developing. worth seem to himself watching and andhim other of countries knowledge in

is bit effort, to of 'welldone'to say that has any goodTo embodied work it that order wouldn't overrun be by...... if strengthen to confirm to nothing say your but and you have

it those not appreciate would who

...... is to [to orchild his scholar that except your your worker] work as land. (Ibid., a choice 1:8.)

is that his opportunities losing done, the wastingbadly of value he and great thing a the has Lord What

...life, fulfil to to to are then destroy not you coming but him you who for the Israel! of led done House He

set in positions ofare authority: superintendence great a and deal Make

is to choice that land a them above of praise to right the right of to than the your good yourmore blame all it lands, other until preserved.. it.. is It tobad.... give the easy so bruised reed break and blow one

for such time propitious a as was let serious after struggle truth a brave goodness,Never and and however to others then about it and know 1 it.. Z'be, pass unrecognized. the This importantweak may was among led here, of choice groups people

said: of the "Imessages to destroy, Master of mankind, not come who am protection promising to them as inthe that greatest gifts give are love,but to fulfil."undercan 2 Among we habitants of the land!

standing, encouragement, and commendation for whatsoever should be encouraged and commended. There can be no real fulfilment of life in lookHowever, there is a sublime reing and living excessively or obsessively to the negative side. Blessed are sponsibility upon the people who

those who help to lift men's lives. live here. To keep this a choice

land and to have God's protection,

Phillip Brooks, Destruction and Fulfilment. it is necessary "... that whoso should

2Matt. 5:17. possess this land of promise, from

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia that time henceforth and forever,

Broadcasting System, December 15, 1963. Copyright 1963. should serve him, the true and only

116 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A TOTAL ELECTRIC God, or they should be swept off Christ, who hath been manifested when the fulness of his wrath should by the things which we have writcome upon them. ten."(Ether 2:8, 1112.)

"And this cometh unto you, O ye Times have changed since the GOLD

Gentiles, that ye may know the deBook of Mormon prophets wrote crees of God—that ye may repent, their messages to their people, but

and not continue in your iniquities the problems of mankind have not MEDALLION until the fulness come, that ye may changed. The great value of the

not bring down the fulness of the Book of Mormon lies in the fact that wrath of God upon you as the inits message is as vital and important HOME habitants of the land have hithertoday as it was two thousand years to done. ago. Christ's way of life can change

"Behold, this is a choice land, and men as drastically today as it did whatsoever nation shall possess it Alma in his time. Joy in the redempshall be free from bondage, and from tion is as sweet today as it was for

captivity, and from all other nations Alma, and the consequences of sin under heaven, if they will but serve can be as bitter today as in Book the God of the land, who is Jesus of Mormon times.

A wonderful new way to live... FROM WHICH TO BEGIN

AGAIN...

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

Boy fiow from your deafer RICHARD L. EVANS

Sometimes time's passing is gentle. Sometimes it could put us in panic with

its rude reality. But however acutely we become aware of the swift shortening of the seasons, there is yet such calm assurance as Nathaniel HawpKv3

thorne has left us to look to in these lines: "Our Creator would never have

gwja to, Jpj'Vm hearts enjoy days, given lovely them, us the deep such and havemade i * * Sr"'1 w all immortal."unless thought, were to be meant andabove beyond we IK 1 series as of seasons,Swiftly another through have once moved more we

we do some looking back, some looking ahead, and some sensitive selfsearching. And despite all outward circumstances, we well would come 'jt

to an awareness that much depends upon ourselves. We have the choice BIG SS CAKE DECORATING. Housewives wanted!

Endless for spare time. hour easy $5 demand or of helpingof taking character the color environment of our and on

Professional lovely Decorations and Cake Candy to environment impressing our some upon modify and make it by of our for parties, Christmas, birthdays, weddings, own color and character. Also it is wise to learn to take time at its own occasions. We show you how to turn yourall

pace, to be ourselves in season, and never try to live against the current of kitchen into a gold mine. No capital required.

Start small, your business big. Send own grow all fight evil fronts,conscience, nor yet on complacent. must become We for to 3 subscription FREE month "Fun & Profit

resist all be, things that not yet shouldin all its forms, but become and for Hobbies"Decorators magazine Cake and reconciled to life and not expect all things to turn as we would turn them. Candy Makers, and facts on complete home

Another thing about a passing season is that it gives us a beginning from instruction. CANDY & CAKE, Dept. D-908, Fallwhich to go again—a place to start—a reason for resolution and reform, a brook, California.

new mark from which to move and measure the strength, the truth, the intent. of past, a the voice our added: fromhonesty As Emerson "Make PLAY RIGHTAWAY! If Even 2 You

is, is is it all is for of yourself, that to there past athe you."Nofe what of most The MusicDon't NowKnow jj\ | nm it's to EASY J[ow present, the not of uses betterthe future the with combe by made may learn instruany

ment. boring: exNo discontent, that assurance withplacency, a the with but wholesome and ercises. Start playing

little notes is is to essential basically eternal opportunities our our thatnothing beyond right piecesaway. byAmazing

progress at home, in spare time. teacher. No Few lest of there reach. past the back, looking tooreasonable lesson. per be And much 1,000,000 students. Write for BOOK.cents

S. U. School of Music, Studio 1202, PortFREE Washington, in. live faith, learn giveis to to N. from, (Est. us not Y. repentance but hope 1898) and Licensed N. God Y. State Dept. of Education.

and improvement, peace and high purpose for the future.

1Nathaniel Hawthorne, Emerson.2Ralph Waldo Mosses from an Old Manse. if i J?iRFT'

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

Broadcasting System, December 29, 1963. Copyright 1963. f U-"i'': < M.|UlAtt|||UW|

FEBRUARY 1964 117 THE SEVENTIES AND FINDING Quorums of seventy throughout the Church are enMembers may often help to open the way by invitthusiastically taking over their responsibilities in the ing the friends to a party at which the seventies are new missionary program of the stakes. This body of present, thus introducing them, or the friend may be

alert, vigorous, and dedicated men, called by revelainvited to go bowling or to an activity at which the tion to be bearers of the witness to the world, are now seventies are participants.

working, improving their knowledge and seeking If the friend has a child participating in school or those who are in search of the truth. community activities, he will become more friendly

One of the important charges given to them is to if interest is shown in these activities. This requires

find the families and individuals who will listen to true interest, for hypocritical inquiry is worse than the missionaries. This work is paramount, for without none at all.

it the missionaries will not be able properly to function. Contributory to the success of the effort will be the

The presidents of the quorum should make a list of desire of the seventies themselves. The quorum counall nonmembers in the area of the quorum, together cil should assign at least one of its presidents to conwith the names of members who are neighbors of duct this activity. In some stakes, with large numbers

these friends. It would be wise if, before the prospecof nonmembers in the area, two would be better. It

tive investigator is visited, the assigned seventies call is expected that the majority of the quorum memberupon the members and counsel with, them as to the ship will be called to this work.

best way to approach these friends. It could well be It will be found that, to provide enough favorable

that the members could devise the best means of investigators for the missionaries, quorum members so approach. This could slow down the speed with which assigned will need to spend more time finding than the

the approach is made, but in those stakes where the missionaries will in teaching those willing to listen. In

community is preponderately Latterday Saint and the such cases these men may need to be released from ward number of nonmembers is limited such a consultation work except for their assignments in home teaching.

is necessary. These prospects have been visited many The work of finding investigators must be well ortimes. The approach must be made with wisdom so ganized. All nonmembers in the quorum area should

that the friend may become an investigator. be listed and their proximity to Latterday Saint fam-

1 18 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ilies noted. Then the effort must be made to know visited will fail to listen, provided the testimony is

them and interest them. borne by the Spirit. The simplest way and the surest

Finally, this work of finding is best done with the way to get an audience from the honest seeker after spirit of testimony in the hearts of the seventies. With truth is to have the testimony live in the heart, and by its

this knowledge, a living fire in the soul, few of those power tell the truth of the restoration to the listener.

THE HOME TEACHING PROGRAM AND THE ASSIGNMENTS OF WOMEN TO ASSIST

The Home Teaching manual has referred to the asservices are needed, or where they are required to signment of women as companions to Home Teachers accompany their husbands, should they be so assigned.

in certain instances. In some cases this has been misIn these cases they should be companions to their

understood by bishops. husbands only.

Women are not to be assigned regularly as companThe following letter has been sent out to all ions. Only in special cases where it is clear that their stake presidencies:

TO ALL STAKE AND Priesthood member, or the wife of

MISSION PRESIDENCIES the senior companion."It is the decision

of the brethren that "the wife of the senior companion"not be written into Dear Brethren: our Home Teaching instructions. The

We feel that the following item callingmust beofativomenthe instanceas juniorof thecompanionsBishop is of such importance as to justify our and is to be the exception. It is not

calling it to your attention. to be a general practice.

In the Priesthood Home Teaching

Leader's Handbook on page A-3 appears the following: "To provide flexibility Faithfully and sincerely,

in meeting the needs of the families, Priesthood Home Teaching Committee the bishop may call as a junior Home Marion G. Romney, Chairman

Teaching companion another Melchizedek John H. Vandenberg, Vice Chairman

Priesthood member, an Aaronic Alvin R. Dyex, Managing Director

FEBRUARY 1964 119 THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC'S PAGE

ADVICE TO YOUNG MEN BY DELBERT F. WRIGHT

The youth of the Church today faces a wondrous, beautiful, and exciting world. The wisdom of those

who have gone before and the learning and experience of wise and good men of yesterday and today are all available to you in books, letters, writings, and reports if you will take the time and make the effort to search for them.

The "forward look"in this space age is truly something to behold—men and women performing prodigious tasks with the aid of electromechanical

devises that automate most of life's former drudgery!

People communicate with each other from any part of the earth in a matter of seconds, and they orbit the globe in a missile shot from the earth at 17,000 miles

Delbert F. Wright is presently a member of General an hour. Men's inventive ingenuity and his imaginadirectors. Inc., Mills, board of

to the elected board tive creativity, with heaven's help, are opening up new He was in 1961, and had been emfields of endeavor in electronics, mechanical and IF I ployed by the company for chemical engineering, medicine, and agriculture of over thirtynine years, serving in various executive which your grandparents never dreamed.

assignments which include This all shouts in a loud, clear voice, "SEEK vicepresident and comptrollerWERE and vicepresident of employee LEARNING."Resolve in your early years to get a

relations. He recently retired good education, for it is going to require welltrained

from active management and returned to Northern Calimen and women to handle and develop these things.YOU"fornia to make his home. Let no other activity that may beckon to you interfere

Elder Wright, who was born in Ogden, Utah, attended with the important matter of training your mind.

Weber Normal College and Cultivate sound habits of study and health, for a an advanced management course at Harvard, For foursturdy body and sound mind will be essential to the teen years he served in the accomplishment of your life's mission.

Oakland Stake presidency, the last seven years as presiKeep education alive in your heart, make it a dent. In 1960 he was named shining shield against the temporary attractions of the

president the Minnesota of organized. world that might tend to divert you from your goal. being Stake then

Presently Elder Wright is In this way you can retain youth's enthusiasm for

General of the a member Priestlearning, for youth is not a period or time in your Church Committee for hood Home Teaching. He is life alone, but it is a state of mind, when courage

married and the father of predominates over timidity, and you never cease to three children.

As this goes to press he marvel at and enjoy the tingling amazement at the has been called by the First starlike things the heavens and the earth disclose to Presidency as president of the Oakland Temple., the honest seeker after learning.

120 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Be curious. Great advancements come about begreat cause."Admittedly, it is difficult to develop a

cause men seek answers to commonplace wonders that great faith or conviction concerning such a remote, are all about us. Because a twentieth century bacethereal being. A young man might get an inkling

teriologist was curious about certain physical reactions of the nature of God the Creator through his attritaking place in plain mold, we now have penicillin. butes, but only confusion can result when these atBecause a doctor shrewdly observed the mysterious tributes are assumed to be the whole of him. Surely,

disappearance of rheumatoid arthritis in patients where God is good, merciful, just, loving—all of these and

there had been a change in the hormone balance more, but these things in the final view are qualities.

in the body, cortizone compounds were developed. In his completeness, God is much more than any or

And the most formidable and fateful discovery of all of these qualities together. It is something like

our time, thermonuclear energy, came because a few the ostrich, hiding his head in the sand to suppose men were curious, wondering what prevented the sun that goodness or mercy or justice or truth is God.

from losing its heat as rapidly as its huge continuous Much of the world's confusion concerning God losses of energy through radiation seemed to suggest. comes about by its own preconceived notions about

And with all your learning, do not overlook the very him and his relation to man and the universe he definite spiritual needs of man. Your soul is of a dual created. They accept man's definition of him, supposnature, spiritual as well as physical, and both must be ing he has not reason or means in this day of revealing

cared for and nurtured. Too many men have built himself through spiritual communication. But you

their plans for learning around material things alone, know that God is the same in this day as in the days only to have them crumble into dust, leaving a of ancient Israel, and that he has the same desire to vacuum in their lives. help us by revealing his will to his servants

The most important knowledge you can obtain the prophets.

concerns God. It is written, "For this is life eternal, When you think of God as being behind the order

to know God and Jesus Christ whom thou hast sent."of creation, with concern about the purpose and

This important knowledge can be your valued possesdestiny of man, which he is working out in the world, sion if you will let that eternal spirit of yours have a then revelation is a natural expectation. Do not let

rightful place in your plans. It will testify concernmen define God for you, or shackle him, or hedge

ing the actuality of God. Many are kept from an him about with human limitations. Bather gain

understanding of God by the conflicting, confusing knowledge of him from the Prophet Joseph Smith creeds of men and their human definitions of him. to whom it was revealed, "The Father has a body of

But you can know him, and understand him from the flesh and bones as tangible as man's; the Son also.

living prophets in this latter day who testify of him But the Holy Ghost has not a body of flesh and bones, by revelation. but is a personage of spirit. Were it not so the Holy

There is a world of difference between praying to Ghost could not dwell in us."

God as Christ taught, "Our Father who art in heaven,"With this true knowledge of the nature of God, and a doubting, halting petition addressed to an you may pray to him with assurance of sympathetic unknown, indefinable personage, sometimes described understanding and loving reception of your petitions as "cosmic energy,"or "universal energy,"or "the first in righteousness.

FEBRUARY 1964 121 the heart to be yourself and enjoy it. Cling to in this mixing bowl of materials churning and tossing* Have

that very special you. Idols and heroes are part of to form you.

this growingup process and do have their place. A In this modern scientific day exact formulas must

tiny girl wants to grow up to be just like Aunt Josie, a be used to concoct anything. Even in making a person

boy child walks in the footsteps of Grandpa or the a recipe must be used so that the product will be balneighbor up the street, a preteen chooses "Miss anced, interesting, vibrant, and eventually mature. It

Glamor Movie Star"or "Mr. Home Runner Himself"was Overstreet who said that to be mature one must

as a guide. Back of all this hero worship marches a do three things: first, live by the Golden Rule; second,

real person being formed step by step. An idea from his find your talent and develop it; and third, keep on

idol, a feeling from a movie, concepts hammered in by learning, never stopping. You do these three things,

a real teacher, a rubbing of shoulders with everyday but do them in your own special way.

acquaintances, a warm hand of a friend, a consuming As a mother, generate a warm climate where your of ideas in numerous books, a time to think one's own children can become precious human beings, every thoughts all stirred together, and out pops you. one an individual to himself. Tell them often by word

Heredity and environment both have their hand in that you love them. How long has it been since you

making you what you are; but along with this, someput your arm around each individual child and said,

thing else is added to produce that very special indi- "I love you. I'm so grateful that you were sent to our

vidual. Maybe it is the right of free choice. You know, home"? Then show them, in little ways, that your

battles have been fought down through the ages to words are sincere. This doesn't mean to buy their love

protect this freedom. You are a person different from with things or with always saying, "yes"to their every

anyone else in this whole world; make the most of it. desire. It means loving them so much that you often

Have courage to be yourself. Conform to the laws of say, "no"kindly and wisely. It means that you have

the land and of God, but enjoy that dayby-day leeway built a peaceful, happy home; it means that the chiland become yourself. dren are given a choice of their own whenever it is

Courage is needed at every turn in the pursuit of practical and possible; it means that you listen when

building you. Consideration, understanding, kindness, they speak, that you are interested in their every activtolerance, and love are all precious ingredients to ity. This love never has taut strings. Daily, as you open

be lavishly squandered as you are being developed. your arms with love, you must also open your hands

An active sense of humor is another priceless item and let your children go from you little by little.

TODAY'S FAMILY / FLORENCE B. PINNOCK, EDITOR

This love can also be delivered in large doses of tasks that must be done to produce a contented privacy. Every child needs a time and a place to be household, the more he or she will be able to carry on

by himself. Time to read and think is essential for successfully a home of his own when the time comes.

every human being. On one occasion, after I gave a When a tiny child begs to help, she should be altalk on goals and how to balance them, a little boy lowed to do so in a happy, enjoyable way. All too soon

about ten years old came up to me and said, "My the transition from mud pies to real cooking takes father will never let me read. If he catches me, he place. A familiar sound in any kitchen is the dragging

always sends me out in the fields to work, or even at of a chair to where mother is mixing a magic potion for night or on a stormy day he finds some job for me to dinner. This two-, three-, or sixyear-old is curious and

do. He thinks that I am wasting my time when I read. also fascinated in what Mother is doing. "I want to help"

Please tell him that I need to know what is in books."is the first cry, then comes the demand, "Let me do it

That thought kept ringing in my ears long after the myself."This is growing up. Watching Mother starts

boy was gone. "I need to know what is in books."many little girls on a path to becoming good cooks.

This is a basic need of every person, to know and to Cooking is fun, so it is best to let a child first make learn by reading another's thoughts on the printed an almost foolproof recipe. Her first venture should be

page. There is a time to work and a time to read if a a success. Small children will be content to empty a

boy is to grow up into a useful, good man. cup of flour in a bowl or crack an egg or help stir a

Perhaps what I am trying to say is that every perbatter, but when a child is old enough to read, teach son needs freedom, someone to love and have faith in her to follow instructions and to measure accurately.

him, and an opportunity to pursue knowledge if he is Spend time to help her become acquainted with the to become a worthwhile individual and walk with stove, especially teach all the safety measures. Another

head held high in this world. lesson is to teach how to be neat and clean around

food. Wash hands carefully and never do anything

that you would not want another person MUD PIES TO THREE MEALS A DAY around food to do to food you would eat. An eightor nineyear-old

There comes a time in growing up when playing house cook should also learn how to avoid messiness and turns into real housekeeping. This is good because the how to do a good cleanup job. Step by step an eightmore a girl or a boy actually knows about the mechanor nineyear-old child can learn to put food together

ics of keeping up a home and of the dayin-dayout to make a real meal. Let's begin with breakfast.

Have the Heart to be You*

2 cups yellow dried split peas (1 pound 3 quarts of water 1 ham bone or small end shank 2 stalks of celery including leaves chopped fine 1 minced onion, if desired salt and pepper to taste

BREAKFAST Vi cup dill pickle juice

Sprinkle the dill seed, salt, and pepCereal Bowl per over the roast—rub the seasonOven-cooked Eggs and Sausages ings in the meat and spread with the

Date Muffins—Milk fat. Place in a roasting pan with a

CEREAL BOWL juicetight overcover.the Pourmeat.theCoverdill tightlypickle

Wash the peas and add the water and roast in a 325 degree F. oven

Put a peach half on top of a bowl of and the ham. Cover and simmer until tender—about 3 hours. Add

dry cereal with a cherry nose and until the peas have mushed and the water and 2 beef bouillon cubes to mouth and raisin eyes. ham is tender, this will take from 2 the juices and thicken with flour.

to a cupOVENCOOKED EGGS toery3 thehours.last halfAdd hour.the onionCareandshouldcelofUsejuice.2 tablespoons of flour

be taken to stir occasionally becauseOil well six muffin tins. Break an the thickened soup burns the boton IN THEIR POTATOES BOILED into cup.egg with butter, each Dot of the pan. tom to Season taste SKINS with

saltsprinkle pepper. with and a Add salt is If pepper. and thick, too soup

at of cream.tablespoon 375 Bake dilute with additional water. all small potatoes Choose the same F. for minutes, dedegrees 20 about

pending how hard you want it. size. Wash well and cover with

EGG SANDWICH salted water. Boil until just tenderOVEN-BAKED SAUSAGE it will take about 40 minutes.

3 hard cooked eggs finely chopped

Place links in pan, add small amount Mayonnaise to moisten CHILI SAUCE SALAD DRESSING of water. Cover and put into 375 3 tablespoons minced ripe olives

degree F. oven. Let cook for 10 minV2 teaspoon prepared mustard V2 cup mayonnaise

utes. Remove cover and bake for salt and pepper to taste 1 tablespoon catsup

another 15 minutes. 2 tablespoons drained chili sauce

Mix all ingredients together and

DATE MUFFINS spread on wellbuttered toast. Cover Mix the ingredients together and

leaf with a of lettuce another and serve of a tablespoon the dressing Bisquick 2 cups lightly of piece toasted bread, cut over each lettuce. Serve wedge of 2 sugar tablespoons in triangles.

1 egg immediately.

% cup milk 1 cup cutup dates DINNER PEANUT BUTTER CUSTARD

Beat the eggs, blend in other ingreDilly Pot Roast 1 package vanilla custard pudding dients, beat for 30 seconds. Fold in Potatoes Boiled in their Skins V2 cup crunchy style peanut butter

the cutup dates and fill wellgreased Frozen String Beans (add 3 table- 2 cups whole milk muffin pans % full. Bake at 375 despoons of sour cream to beans after Pinch salt

grees F. for about 15 minutes. they are cooked and just ready to 1 teaspoon vanilla

serve.

Chili Sauce Combine the peanut butter and desLUNCH Head Lettuce with dressing sert mix. Slowly add the milk and

Split Pea Soup Egg Sandwich Peanut Butter Custard stir until smooth. Cook over medium

Cupcake (made with a mix and heat, stirring constantly until custopped with jam) DILLY POT ROAST tard comes to the boil. Pour into individual dessert cups and let stand

SPLIT PEA SOUP 3 or 4 pound beef pot roast 2 minutes. Sprinkle with chopped

(This recipe can be made the night 3 tablespoons fat peanuts. Cover with plastic wrap

before and carefully brought back salt and pepper and store in refrigerator until well to boiling to serve.) 1 teaspoon dill seed chilled.

124 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA AFTER SCHOOL SNACKS FROSTED GRAHAM CRACKERS

Make a butter frosting, using powdered sugar, butter, vanilla, and just enough evaporated milk to give a spreading consistency. Spread on

crackers and top with another cracker to make sandwich.

BANANA EGGNOG (two tall glasses)

1% cups cold milk % teaspoon vanilla 1% tablespoons sugar 1 egg l large ripe banana

Put ingredients in blender and blend for 1 minute or mash the banana and add other ingredients and beat with rotary beater for 2 minutes.

Additional New Rooms Just Recently Completed

CHOCOLATE CHIP MACAROONS (3 dozen) 3 egg whites 253*STr 1 cup sugar 1 package chocolate chips At the. ** Jt * *

Dash of salt OF CONVENIENCECENTERVz teaspoon cream of tartar Luxurious Comfort—The Way You Like It

Extract of peppermint SAVE SAVE Now at Winter Rates!

TIME TRAFFIC Beat the egg whites, add the sugar, salt, cream of tartar, and pepNEWAMERICAj

ST. STATf

ST. 1permint and beat until stiff. Fold in *> MAIN

teachips. chocolatethe by ATTRACTIV Drop AND HOT SHOPPES NOW 330 f*J & 8 sheet. cookie buttered ontospoons a

Salt Lake City Street at 5th South Main—\ F. at 25 for about degrees 275Bake

minutes. Do not cook too long or

until too brown. They should be

just white and dried out.

AN IDEAL GIFT FOR GENEALOGY Birthdays, Weddings, ServicePARADOX PHOTOCOPIES men, Missionaries, Friends, BY CAROL MYERS

New Members A SPECIALTY "For a rainy day"we are Lovely gift card sent Lowest Prices, Fastest Service, taught to save, in your name But others'needs Highest Quality Send only for $3.00 grave, are sometimes price Write for complete supplies list and issues 12 big to

in. to pictures mail your best reward I have the oftenAnd

From doing things I cant afford. The Improvement Era INKLEY PHOTO CENTERS

135 South State Street Custom Photofinishing Lab

Salt Lake City 11, Utah 2486 Washington Blvd. Ogden, Utah

FEBRUARY 1964 125 Joseph Smith the Prophet and his General."This article the confersecond counselor, Frederick G. Wilence also ordered to be printed in

These Times liams, were not present. They were the Book of Doctrine and Covenants.

on a brief mission to the saints in Unfortunately, a great many people, (Continued from page 77) Michigan, and because of this were because these articles appeared in not familiar with all the proceedings the Doctrine and Covenants, readily of this conference. After the conconcluded that they had come

as a principle essential to religious ference had accepted the revelations, through the Prophet Joseph Smith, liberty, freedom of organization, an article on marriage, ivhich had and hence were to be received on a and good society. (See ibid., 4, 5, been written by Oliver Cowdery, was par with the other parts of the book

7, 1012.) read by Elder William W. Phelps, of revelations. Because of this mis-

9. Active citizenship to sustain and and ivas ordered printed in the book information articles have been pubuphold all governments that protect with revelations. lished from time to time declaring

"inherent and inalienable rights.""When this action had been taken, that these words on Government and

(See ibid., 5.) Oliver Cowdery arose and read anLaws have come to us with the force

10. Honor, respect, even deference, other article, also written by himof revelation having been from the

for our public officials. (See ibid., 6.) self, on "Governments and Laws in mouth of the Prophet Joseph Smith.

11. Sedition, rebellion, and ordinary

crime should be properly punishable according to law, said law recognizing basic private rights. (See ibid.,

7, 8.)

tt 12. The right of selfdefense be may [THE THE FORCES OF justifiably civil used if and when SPOKEN'WORD it is breaksgovernment..."but down; FULFILMENT.

the task of all citizens to maintain sound civil government and to prevent the breakdown of orderly procRICHARD I. EVANS

esses. (See ibid., 11.)

13. The right to proselyte and advance one's opinions or those of his In a rushing, pressuring time, we well would pause to remind ourselves that

group is essential and must be mainthe purpose of life, the purpose of God is to see that men find their highest tained. However, the right should happiness, their best accomplishment, their finest fulfilment. Life is for

it is not be insisted upon to the point that fulfilment. But there are both the fulfillers and the destroyers. And

its use becomes obnoxious to others, the purpose of Satan (the devil, evil, or by whatever name we choose to call is his to—it see that him ) purpose the purposes are not and of God manor to the extent that human

".. life fulfilled,.... or, as historian ancient one prophet the put it: Devil libertyand are jeopardized. (See 1 all seeketh that is like miserable himself."might be unto the men "Whatibid., 12.)

truly majestic power of the earth?"asked Phillips Brooks many years ago.

"Surely It is... forces the not destruction! fulfilment, of the forces which discoveryThe of use and by man

its process are always to every crowding full activity, forward crowdingthese principles the have marked its to every being itself, out and structure realization completest of the of civilization.progress

of forces construction these vital growth; are the real forces and of the this of is the history remarkWhat

.. world. takes of Nature capacity hold finds every she. which anywhere,able document? a declaraHow does life it into turns to and... less each imperfection imperfect, a little maketion politics regarding governand

little partial to bring a each being to nearer to completeness, minister its find into official thement way. fulfil. to not growth to destroy not and decay at In the... but worlddoctrines the of the covenants and large there the fulfilling are of kinds.. the men, the destroying two and men. Saints?Latterday Elder Joseph

... call are There out of their the best some everywhere. brethren men whoFielding written Smith the has on

are other There mission to [seems tend whole discourtoward men whosesubject as follows:

.. destruction]. agement field and the tares so count loud. They that the

grows ashamed of itself, and forgets to tell itself that there is wheat. Alas,"At a conference the Church of held for the city, state, the the nation or the church destructive where merein Kirtland, Ohio, 17, 1835, August criticism possession ears."2 has of men's tongues Alas, for the family and

the Doctrine Covenants and circle of associates friends was or or gossip, for any who who misjudge, who to thepresented conferassembled discourage, to obstruct seek others. destroy—to and undermine who "Deor rejection.ence acceptance for their calls for struction vigor. calls for hatred Fulfillment nothing but and

brethren there the assembledAfter 2 intelligence, sympathy, patience Blessed hope."those are and who build studiously carefullyhad and not destroy, out forward, reach conand encourage, and who move who who the matter,sidered the revelations

lives strengthen give their hope, help to faith and lift men's toward who which had been previously selected finest fulfilment.

by the Prophet Joseph Smith were accepted as the word of the Lord by l2 Nephi2:27.

the unanimous vote of the conferaPhillips Brooks, Destruction and Fulfilment.

ence and were ordered printed. On "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

the occasion of this conference, Broadcasting System, December 8, 1963. Copyright 1963.

126 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA This article and the one on "Marriage"protection. And in the providence FILMS

(no longer printed being supplanted of the Lord, the safeguards which DEVELOPED by a revelation on the subject of have been incorporated into theeternal marriage) were not conbasic structure of this nation are the AND PRINTED PER ROLL sidered as revelations by the conferguarantee of all men who dwell here For any 6, 8 or 12 Exposure B A W Roll ence, but were published as an against the abuses and tyrannies and JUMBO PRINTS only 35c per Roll expression of belief of the members usurpations of times past"''1 at time."that in the the Church embodiedof The principles COLOR FILM to the Declaration, Declaration preamble The on abiding are based

also adopted by the general assembly religious realities. They are expresDEVELOPING

of of truth, this sive of without standards 17, 1835, imAugust makes KODACOLOR to force.portant resort statement: belief "That our which men The 8-Exposure

with regard to earthly governments study and application of these prinDev. and PrintingRoll $2.55 rollper

and laws in general may not be misciples today will further prepare the 12Exposure Roll per interpreted fulfilment misunderstood, nor for the way we of mankind's ColorDev. andReprintsPrinting $3.0020c eachroll

for it proper thought to present aspiration athave peace on earth.

the close of this volume our opinion 'Gospel Standards, p. 134; The Improvement COLOR SLIDES

concerning the matter."The phrase, Era 43, 127 (1940). 135 mm Color Slides per

"this volume,"refers, of course, to 20135exp.,mm ColorDev. andSlidesMount $1.35 rollper

the Doctrine and Covenants. The 36 exp., Dev. and Mount $2.40 roll

words, "our opinion,"should also be Color Movie per carefully observed in the light of the Scouting 8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 roll

statement Elder from quoted Joseph GENEALOGY PHOTOSFielding Smith. respects, In many Continued from page 103 off OLD NEGATIVES MADEthe a Declaration has unique value (

PRINTS PHOTOS, 60c each. itin of that is the "opinion"the Latwill potential sponsors is, the fact of 4c each NEGATIVE, Saints,terday the accepted from proportionate to the popuincrease coin only C.O.D.'s Send - no of Oliver Cowdery. Althoughpen

Oliver Cowdery was the Second lation increase. And they will be MoneyBack Guarantee

Elder of the Church and at that time willing and effective and interassociates. ested next tostood Smith, yet the Joseph SAM'SP. O. Box 1 1 1 5 Dept.PHOTOAA Salt Lake City,LABUtah is it givenDeclaration for what determination to reach these The

really is, a declaration of belief. It institutions, who in turn will reach

does not purport to be a revelation from God. As such it had unique the oncoming millions of American

value to the infant Church of 1835, boys, will be made by the Boywhose enemies would be inclined to Scouts of America. $50,o$500

scoff at a "revelation,"but would The Boy Scouts of America have CASH! FOR seriously the to take declaraYOUR CHURCHhave to offer the of America. boys much 'w* CLUB SCHOOL* resolutions in taken a contions and of Scouts have America The Boy

it is of record.ference Moreover, of much to offer the organized institu- "VACUUMPACKEbPeanut brittle W *** to find,great interest dein a Church

as prospective of America, 10 every time $50.00 members of your CASHsigned to offer to tions the restored gospel

sell Peaof OldFashioned each 10 cans group partners. side The Boy Scoutsall peoples, expression popular at Brittle can. $1.00 per of Amernut

size cost your onelb. cans 100% PROFIT! side revealed word. with offerby to The ica America. have much $1.00! only 50c each—sellThe

lc! 100 Order realINVESTMENT! forEVEN Section the NOT134th demonstrates is in great great country need NOgroup Our to today. to 30 to send days cans 500 Take up

ity of of the consent law common number Give your name, payment. phone prinof of the concepts, emphasis

etc. address, address, the complete title,name, and of thein Church. law The common deofficer, quantity of group, of 2nd name ciples, as purposes promuland parcel as Office Freight (no sired, nearest revealedconsent has a prinand been

ciple of Church government equally gated by Scouting. post).east ofExtrasRockies.sent OFFERFREE toOPENcover TOshippingGROUPScost

important with the principle of diIn summary all Americans could ONLY!

IE-4 Dept. COLLIER, VERNE authority.vine 2 In many say: respects, wisely

J, St., Birmingham N. 19th L 900 Ala. J of Doctrine and Covenantsthe book is the job, the responsibility, Ours

a without such be incompletewould the opportunity to make the offer. as"covenant"and expression what

boys. the We have 134. Section Butis now institutions. Life*A k TMs9 iA% the have to its importance, doubt as lest there We anybe

President Heber J. Grant said in We have the program. r;

1940, commenting on Section 134: We have the leaders.:#>

"These principles are fundamental We have the resources.to our belief, fundamental to our

all together must bring them We Beautifully Printed Progress Fielding Smith, The of Man, Joseph bless bless America and to the EXLIBRIS also to 367368.Salt See City, 1936, BOOKPLATES Lake pp.

II, 243251.History the Church, volume of of choice four ORIGINAL THEME MORMON of America, mentally, morally, Your boys for statetypical 20:65, 28:13, 26:2, 2D&C printed fine DESIGNS, white on pagummed

as a the revealing consent lawments of common per. Personalize library your gifts or excellent spiritually. physically, in procedurebinding government. church for of Friend Family. or check OrSend Money

der Today. S300 THE PRESS ART per 100

37 - postpaid N. J. ROSELLE, BOX

FEBRUARY 1964 127 in their frames. Snow deepened dreamed that he was out there workThe Biggest Storm steadily on the sills, covering the ing with the sheep, and it was snowlower half of the windows. ing like everything when all of a

(Continued from page 99) "I guess I'd better do the dishes, sudden the storm stopped, and the and then I think we should go to sun came out and melted all the bed so we'll be rested when your snow and in its place the grass was warm milk like this,"I said. I'll father comes home,"Mother said. tall and green so that the sheep were

bet it's plenty cold out there with "I'll dry for you."Mother never saved, and we didn't go broke. I

the sheep."asked me to dry the dishes, but I dreamed that all the sheep in the

Mother was silent. Her eyes were always did. I liked to help her, and world were saved and there were

soft and distant, and her brow when we were done, she would never anymore winters like that one.

knitted. She was worried about Dad, sometimes give me a treat—a glass It was a commotion in the kitchen

and I realized I had only worried her of chocolate milk or a piece of candy. that woke me. I glanced through

hermore by reminding cold of how a drying While we were thought the frosted window out as I jumped range. be on theit would open I asked. to me. "Mother?"I came of bed. sun wasn't The up yet, but

vowed not to say anything else like "Yes?"the sky was clear, and I knew the

that until Dad was safely home. But "Do we pay our tithing?"storm had passed. I dressed as

I was worried about him, too, out "Of course, Son."quickly as I could and ran downthere alone where anything could "I mean do we always pay it?"stairs to the kitchen. There stood

happen with nobody to help. I could "Yes, we always pay it. Why do Dad in his great plaid mackinaw and

picture him, fighting the storm, tryyou ask?"his cap that matched. His snowing to keep the sheep from piling "Well, I was just thinking. Someshoes were off. Although Mother was

against the fences and smothering. times some people don't always pay in her bathrobe, the fire was already

He would work all night and all day their full tithing, and I was thinking roaring, and she was pouring out the if he had to—if the storm lasted that first batch of pancakes.

itlong. over, was when And when "I've VALENTINE never seen storm,"a suchthe storm ended, there had and was RISSER FRANCES BY GORMAN declared Father. couldn't see "You longer ofno the danger any sheep

in your front of face. hand your erses, just plain or words, The rhymes, Vsmothering, then could what? How

it I until kept snow coming birds, thought rroivs, hearts, ribbons, and A to ever feed get them?we How stop. never would sheep silver, were The gold, edges, acy L shelter get tocould so them we piling I against fences, the and had or legant, or bold, gay, E allthey wouldn't in smother the

to drag back. just But them style, style, cute, etc when old funny, Nnext storm?

I felt like I it couldn't on go slopped. fruit, cupids, flowers, with T rimmed

"Let's pray for your father,"Moth- I n the long run each is fine, One minute it was a blizzard, and said.er "Let's both pray the next, the stopped, snow had and matters othing but the line—for him. N help theOnly now."Lord can the died wind had down. Within an Valentine! E ver be my

I prayed harder, with more sincerhour the stars were out."

ity than I had ever prayed before. "It must have been terribly cold,"

I prayed for Dad to be all right and that maybe when those people don't Mother said.

their that prayers answered have tofor so the wouldn't storms end he it cold,""Yes, was answered. Dad that's why."maybe I to at night anymore. outhave go little a cold "But never hurts anyit It's be. "I don't not know, might all that the wouldn't sheepprayed one. listen, you'll believe But never

to possible the always know why all, Idie. of that prayed most But what's happening. The Department

as his in acts does he wisdom. Lord safe. "Please, Lord,"would beDad is of to fly Agriculture going to hay will sure the can But Lord you be if allI "let safe even prayed, be Dad all the in stock stranded the county.

in the best act way."always goesthe the storm die sheep on and I it don't yet. too about know much I that's too. true, guess Sometimes let justforever. Please dad my I into ran the Smith Harvey on way baffling. are Lord's the methods safe!"be told home, he me. Mr. and Simpson baffling to as most were They me I there it. looked up, I were told to a had him about When wanted inchild, parents small but had my hairtears eyes. in Mother's Her so was get wouldn't worry you home stilled to faith not with enough me then, I face even her and soaround took only a about minfew me too worry much.

it little, a her chin talk. trembled to there's utesthough going Anyway, dishes the done, were we When beauti- a strong. "That to in was thelooked a meeting house be ward

all in the out put but one lamp said. I'llful Son,"this all "The she prayer, afternoon, find out and

stairs kitchen the and went wood up prayer."will it that then."answerLord about to the bedrooms above.

"I hope so, Mother. I hope so!"I had a hard time sleeping that Dad looked so strong, standing

We sat quietly for several minutes night. I kept worrying about Dad there in the kitchen. I was proud

listening to the sounds of the storm. out there with the sheep. Every he was my dad. It's not everyone's

Far off the wind whistled through time I would go to sleep, I would dad who can spend the night on the the cottonwoods by the stream, and wake up and hear the wind, and I range in a storm like that.

nearer it roared around the corners would pray for him again. I'm sure "We prayed for ydu, Dad,"I

of the barn and the house. The house it was awfully late when I finally added. "I prayed all night for you."

itself groaned before the force of the went to sleep for good. Even in my "I prayed, too, Son,"he answered,

wind, and the window panes rattled sleep I dreamed about Dad. I smiling down at me. "I prayed, too."

128 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA There is a scripture in the Bible that youth could well commit to memory, commit to heart and soul, and follow the counsel thereof. In this issue we give you a fresh approach to the challenge

of 1 Tim. 4:1416 which seems written especially for you. We've also listed selected scriptural references which will add further light on the subject of making good use of your youth. Do look

them up. Do underline them in red in your book and in your mind. Think upon them. Let them

be a guide to your life.

man despi tfk/youtff

utSetfumaemfiplcoflfw believers, in word, in

CONVERSATION IN CHARITY, IN SPIRIT, IN FAITH, IN PURITY.

Tffllcomeati/eattmcljmce to reading to exhortation,

TO DOCTRINE.

rot tfiafris mtfcefriprnkhwasau/m wiMincmjma on oftfte fumJs ofinepresvutertj.

Meditate upon these thmcjS} dive lusdfwnoluj to tnem;

ittmprtlmapp Thke fieedtmldtfujseth cmdimtdtkecw(trme. CUmtmiAzmtn

mis tfiou sfcuidbsai/e tfufsdfmdtnan tmt(\mr tden.

1 TIMOTHY 4: IZ'\6

Era of Youth February 1964 Marion D. Hanks, Editor Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor

Ml The commandments and standards Question: What do you do when

and practices of the gospel are the you are at a party and everyone important motivations in the lives but you and your date do things of the youth of The Church of against Church standards?

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. Answer: (Brother Bills) Why go

They know that ALL of the gospel with people like this in the first principles are true and therefore place? Stick to your standards beworth striving to abide by. Concause you are right and they

stantly searching for answers withare wrong.

in the framework of the Church (Don Smith) A "practising Mormon"that will meet problems and chalyouth should seldom find himself lenges of young living, the youth in this situation. However if it does

of Monument Park West Stake in arise, a good rule to remember is

Salt Lake City, Utah, participated in that Church standards are never a panel discussion on a stakewide outmoded. Just to illustrate: I was

basis. As moderator for the group, traveling with another former miswe entertained questions from the sionary, and we had been invited

audience which four youthful panel to a very exclusive dinner in Hawaii members and High Councilman as escorts for two lovely nonMor-

Walter Bills responded to. It was mon girls. My boy friend and I

the consensus of this meeting that naturally refused to indulge in

LDS youth must do more than bedrinking and smoking. We exlieve that the gospel is true, they plained our positions as Mormons

must be examples of what they beand our belief in the wisdom and lieve. The following is taken from a truthfulness of the Word of Wisdom.

transscript of the event. Panel memWhen we finished, we found these

bers were Don Smith, Margaret people had real admiration for the

Dean, Corey Beatty, Bishop Emmett Church and its influence in our

L. Brown and Robert Millet. lives. They were happy and immtmmmmmmff**iun

I!

i111!1 mi...J

pressed to meet "practising MorAnswer: (Brother Bills) No. This

mons"because they said they had is what makes our teen problems known others of the Church who of today. Dressing beyond your

had disappointed them because years, dating too early, staying out they didn't live up to its standards. too late can rob you of the sweet

(Margaret Dean) This proves the years of youth. Rushing into life,

importance of watching the comand feeling greater freedom from pany you keep. If it gets awkward restrictions often lead to the severe

or difficult, you could leave and problems of early marriage and go elsewhere. unhappy divorce.

(Robert Millet) First: don't accept (Don Smith) Definitely not. While

invitations to parties like that or go in New Zealand I saw many young around with people who have them, people leave school to get jobs if you can help it. Second: always only to find themselves in poor

live the Church standards or you'll company with low morals and have regrets, guilt feelings, unmany times ending up as wards of happiness. welfare. The fast pace of our own

(Corey Beatty) Set an example by country seems to be setting up a quietly doing what is best for you society of fast morals. If we are to

and that is keeping the standards believe the great admonitions of of the Church. Once you let down, our Church leaders, then we know

it's hard to stand firm in front of that freedom is gained as we learn people again. They won't underto appreciate the truths of the gosstand. You don't have to preach or pel and the fine things of life.

judge or ridicule others. Live and (Margaret Dean) No. There are so

let live. many wonderful things to do which

Question: Do you think teens should are right and fine and helpful to

be given more freedom because of us that why should we want the present pace of society? greater freedom? We have more

ni

SP IfiS miWmWmiMS I thanwe can handle properly now, Should we mind and obey blindly whether you reap benefits. Bene-

I think. Usually when people ask or without question? fits, though, are not always noticed

this question they mean freedom to Answer: (Brother Bills) Obedience immediately. Be patient, and they

let down the bars of morality. That is the only law by which mankind will come if what you've been

would be wrong in any age. can live in any generation and asked to do is right and good.

(Robert Millet) Freedom should come away untouched. A loving (Corey Beatty) Abraham's faith

come to us as we are capable and parent and an inspired Church auwas tested when he was told to use ready for it, not as society in genthority and God himself (through his son for a sacrifice. Because he

eral clamors for it. commandments given us) should did as he was told without ques-

(Corey Beatty) I believe that the be obeyed on faith that what they tion, he was blessed beyond all present pace of society is due to say is for our best good. measure. This has always been an

the fact that parents have been so (Don Smith) It depends on whom inspiring story on obedience to me.

permissive. They've been giving you are obeying. But I know of no He didn't know "why"the Lord

their children more and more freegreater way to obey our Heavenly asked him to sacrifice his son. But

dom. Dating begins much too Father's command to honor our he loved the Lord and obeyed him.

young, resulting in earlier and earfather and mother than to have Emmett Brown: The young memlier marriages and often under uncomplete trust in their judgment. bers of our panel are truly examhappy circumstances. We in the (Margaret Dean) I think that to ples of ideal LDS teens. They are

Church know that true growth obey one's parents is right, but I do active in school affairs—athletics,

and happiness come from learning feel that we should have a good student council, scholarship. They

things a step at a time. Please, reason why we are to do someare devoted members of the Church

parents, give us less freedom and thing they insist upon. At our age and partakers of the full program

more chance to grow up. Help us it seems only fair. How else can of the Church. To hear such youth

protect our youth! Let us lean on we really grow and learn to express themselves as they have

your will while we learn. Let's not stand alone? done is comforting to us older ones.

do anything we want just because (Robert Millet) If you think you are With such a generation there we may say "everyone is doing it."minding blindly, find out why you can be nothing but spiritual progshould be minding. If your parents ress ahead.

Question: What about obedience? ask something of you, do it. See

BY MARION D. HANKS

Question: When some people pray observantly, with deep interest in him. He called him a noodlum. A

they say "thou"and "thee,"while words and the way they are used. printer mistook the letter N for

others do not. Is it important to Mark the words you do not fully the letter H and the word was

use such language? understand, after you have conprinted hoodlum.

Answer: When we pray, we talk to sidered them in context, then look A good way to develop vocabuour Heavenly Father. He is much them up immediately in a good diclary is to study a word in connecmore interested in our hearts than tionary. Read them again in the tion with its family tree; for instance,

our words, of course, and will acbook, now knowing their meaning. when you see a word containing

cept the humble, honest prayers of Use them if they can be prudently the root die or diet you can be fairly his children in whatever language. and properly used in normal exsure that part of its meaning has

Because he is our eternal, allwise pression. Do not use them to imto do with speaking, since that is

Father, because we sense our limipress, to confuse, or "show off."what the root means in Latin. Pretations and his majesty, because A great way to learn to be indict means to speak about a thing

we are reverent before his holiness, terested in words is to trace their before it happens. Contradict means

we are counseled to use "thee"and origin or learn their parts; for into speak against, or oppose. Other

"thou"and "thine"when we speak stance, the word hoodlum is a rewords like diction, dictionary, dicto him. sult of a newspaper misprint. A tator, verdict, etc. are related.

Question: How can a person acnewspaperman writing about a (Editor's note: Read what the scripquire a good vocabulary? rowdy named Muldoon reversed tures have to say about the "word"

Answer: Read! Read widely, read the letters of his name to describe in Num. 22:20; Deut. 8:3.)

134 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It isn't news that people like to talk But say, it isn't so vital, really, BY ELAINE CANNON about themselves, but it is news that you—YOU—keep things popwhen someone likes to listen to ping every single minute, you

someone else talk about himself! know. If everyone thought so, who

Why don't you make news? would there be to listen?

You can be a sharp conversaListening can be a lively art tionalist before you fumble your in itself. You learn more by talking

next phrase if you'll begin by less and listening better than you questioning others and end by lismight believe. But a good listener

tening. Granted it might be boring isn't one who just doesn't talk. A

to hear about a friend's trip to good listener listens... hears...

Podunk and back, but sooner or reflects... comments.

later you'll hit on something that Your membership in The Church will switch the talk from the travof fesus Christ of Latterday Saints elog to something more interesting. affords you background, inspiraGood conversation and attentive tion, and motivation for being one

listening are skills worth cultivatof the most exemplary conversaing. Fill your mind with good tionalists (and that means listeners,

thoughts, 'appropriate stories, lively too, remember!) on the scene. Be ft*

tidbits. Improve your diction, your thou an example in conversation.

vocabulary, your grammar. Elimi- (Editor's note: 1 Pet. 2:12; Eph.

nate needless slang and all swear- 4:2122; 2 Cor. 1:12 offer excellent

ing from your speech. (You do additional thinking on the matter of

want to sound the best possible, conversation. Read them. Talk

don't you?) Correct, pleasant about them to others!)

speech and affectation aren't necessarily synonymous. Bone up on the

basic rules as suggested above and let your natural personality shine through as you speak.

Everybody you know is human... just like you. Basically they

enjoy the same things. Take it

from there. Think what you like

most about life and talk about it to others. Get their opinion. Only remember not to pry for personal

details they may care to share only with an intimate few. The weather

is a simple, safe starting place for friendly talk and can lead you through all kinds of fascinating subjects from weather balloons to rainmakers.

FEBRUARY 1964 To be charitable is to act kindly different colors and has been known toward one's fellow men. Applied to sprout from some of the finest

to your life, charity in the lunchfamilies in anybody's neighborof. Consider the case of the lunching clothes on campus, be the envymiepMyiblcwi room is something we need more hood. / It may have the bestlook-

room lunatic. of the squad with its goals and

A lunchroom lunatic is a species scores, be top man on the scholarinhabiting the cafeterias or eating ship totem pole, / but one thing it halls of most schools. definitely does not enjoy is the adWhat is a lunchroom lunatic? / A miration of the company it keeps.

lunchroom lunatic comes in as- A lunchroom lunatic on the scene sorted sizes and shapes, in varying is enough to make any selfrespect- heights and weights, in several ing student lose his or her appetite.

There are several types of lunchroom lunatics. One is known as

Jackthe-sackripper. / This character attacks the sack with a vengeance, ripping it from top to bottom

in one nerveshattering gesture. /

Contents of the sack are left to the mercy of onlookers as apples, sandwiches, chips, and cookies scatter from their container.

The animated bottomless pit may be seen any noontime ploughing its way through the cafeteria crowd The mercy of the mob in the to the nearest table. / Thereupon cafeteria is sorely tried when the

begins one of the most unbelievlunching lovebirds stage their noonable scenes known to the high time show. / They may only have

school set, as the animated bottomeyes for each other, / but they forless pit starts the seemingly unendget that school chums never focus ing ritual of snatching food from a so well as when viewing the antics lunch sack and cramming it into of a dewy duo dining. / The lunchAnother is the happy hoopster. the overflowing cavern in its head. room lovebirds share one bottle of

/ This type is a frustrated athlete / To the astonished colleagues pop, taste each other's cake, feed who is forever aiming at the trash forced to share the table with this one another bits of this and bites container with its crumpled lunch creature of bad habit, the animated of that as they gaze fondly into core,sack or apple making a specpit, bottomless never seems to halfclosed eyes.

thetacular.. missing jump, and. see, hear, breathe, talk, or wipe

shot! / It's the neversay-die artist its chin clean of crumbs. /

who tries and tries again, with success merely a sometime thing in done, is said a and When all its life. / lunatic defined might lunchroom be

as a nuisance and such a character shows anything but charity for his fellow students.

(Editor's note: Read more about

charity in the entire chapter of 1 Cor. 13; 1 Pet. 4:8; 2 Pet. 1:7;

1 Cor. 8:1.)

What about the spirit of the law as and was committing, without thinkjB&tnou wellDuringas themyletter?tour of duty in the ising.trueThethatresultmanywasof shameful.my wrongsIt

military service, I was stationed at were, and are, nearly insignificant, an isolated air base in Labrador. but nonetheless wrong.

While I was separated by four After discharge I went to work thousand miles and fifteen months for a fruit and produce firm. I imfrom everyone and everything I mediately noticed that other emknew and loved, I am surprised ployees took home whole sackfuls<Spirir"that I became aware of anything of fruit and produce without paybesides my homesickness. But noneing for them. At first I abstained

theless during this experience I from eating even as much as a

BY RILEY S. GRANT became aware, as never before, of cherry, but soon I began to be

an abstract term which plays an influenced by the other employees, overactive role in my life and in and, in my weaker moments, I bethe lives of all men, this term gan to eat an apple, or an orange, being "wrong."or a handful of peanuts. No matter

Being in the military service, I how I rationalized the situation, had a very good opportunity to and no matter how hard I tried to witness this overactive role of justify my actions, I couldn't make wrong. There is a practice in the this wrong I was committing come

service known as "scrounging"up right. So, fortunately, my will

which is considered by many to be was strengthened, and I refrained nearly legitimate. The object of from this practice.

this practice is to establish contacts Because of these and other exwith individuals who have access periences, I have concluded that to, and can supply you with, items to many the term "wrong"means of government property which you something which is done that canwant and need. You, in turn, are not be justified by someone else's

obligated to supply these contacts doing of a greater wrong. In other

with items of government property words, wrong is only wrong when to which you have access. Many someone else has not committed a

servicemen accept this practice simgreater wrong; otherwise it reply as a result of the military society mains as right. But to me wrong

in which they live and indulge in it means a constant threat to the inwith a completely clear conscience. tegrity of man. It lies around every

Still others make it a profitable corner as an everpresent pit into racket by establishing as many which man can easily slip and out contacts and as many channels of which men can ascend only with of supply as they can. Undoubtthe greatest difficulty.

edly, if government losses through scrounging could be calculated, the result would be staggering. (Editor's note: Another view of

As I became aware of this activ- "spirit"is obtained in many places ity participated in by so many in the scriptures. Try these first and

without a thought to the wrong bethen search for more yourself:

ing committed, I began to search John 1:3233; John 3:6; Matt. 26:41;

out wrongs which I had committed, Isa. 30:21.)

tz

138 i f > Va

v I 'lM A

BY W1NNIFRED JARD1NE p>&thou Paul, the Apostle, in a letter to Titus gave the key to purity.

"Unto the pure,"he wrote, "all things are pure."

Purity sees only the refined in a situation.

Purity discriminates in its reading, seeking truth and enrichment, ignoring the cheap and tawdry; no sly glances at trashy periodicals.

Purity views questionable situations without snickers and snide remarks.

Purity exchanges no shady stories.

Purity bypasses "For Adults Only"movies.

Purity rejects unhealthy curiosity.

Purity reverences procreation and respects no other attitude.

Purity greets "spicy"conversations with a stoic silence.

Purity's feet lead only to entertainment of high standards.

Purity is a siftingout process, allowing to enter its mind only that which is for its betterment and upbuilding.

Purity is so personal and private a thing that it is known only to the bearer and to God himself.

(Editor's Note: Purity is discussed further in the following scriptures:

Matt. 5:8; 1 Tim. 5:22; 1 Sam. 22:2227.)

O O

LI L i 4 pQQOOOOOOT

'-* "'*'-'*(T *'*-- -''-'- <'-&.-l.j-.--ii '-'- -'

,t.4 God lives is to know joy, and this is the main reason we are here on the earth, "... men are, that they

might have joy."(2 Nephi 2:25.)

This knowledge of God profits me, because now I know what real joy is. As Alma says, "... it beginneth

to be delicious to me."(Alma

32:28.) This joy is delicious and

very desirable.

I know God lives, and that the joy he has given me is wonderful.

We are taught in Church to have family prayer. Only my sister and

I are members of the LDS Church.

BY SALLY EDWARDS, 18 Because our parents are not memOAKLAND, CALIFORNIA bers, we found it difficult to have family prayer. Now Chris and I

have our own little family prayer at night. Whenever Chris and I

are eating alone, we take the opportunity to bless the food for our

Before joining the Church there was parents and us. These prayers and

one thing that amazed me. The blessings have greatly strengthened

missionaries said that they knew us and our relationship between that lived the they and knewGod each other and God. only hope We

is true. I just not couldChurch

that with someday pray we can understand how they knew for sure. our parents and be united with

If this knowledge was possible to them for eternity.

gain, I wanted to obtain it also. (Editor's note: Increase your faith

The missionaries said if I studied by reading 2 Cor. 5:7; Heb. 11:1;

and prayed, I would receive the lames 2:17; Rom. 4:5; 2 Nephi 9:23.)

truth. After they told me this, other

questions entered my mind. How

would I know when the Holy Ghost bore witness to me, what would it feel like, and what would this /FiSSfc knowledge profit me?

Now that I have found the answers to these questions, I would like to answer them for you. First,

how would I know when the Holy

Ghost bore witness to me? When

the Holy Ghost bears witness to me, a strange and wonderful feeling is within my whole body.

What does it feel like? This feeling

is incomparable to anything that

I have ever felt. There is a swelling

in my soul, a burning in my heart, my spirit is refreshed, and I feel as if I glow with love for everyone and everything.

Why is it important for me to know God lives and what would this knowledge profit me? To know iv

FEBRUARY 1964 Many times I have had "hands laid the speaker at Sacrament meeting, upon my head"—when I was con- "What's in it for me? What in his

firmed, when I was ordained to the remarks is meaningful for me priesthood, when I was ill and my soul?"jAfeaQct needed to be healed, and when I Could I prove to myself that I

received my patriarchal blessing. can put a piece of gossip (true or

I have also received a father's not) to sleep—refuse to pass it on

blessing under the hands of my overcome that urge to blurt it out—

father. What gift came to me durnot just once, but each time it

ing these experiences? How do I comes to mind?

know what my gift is? And how do Could I remember to express an

I keep it from neglect? appreciative word to the home

Assuming first that my gift is teachers, not just to put them in peculiarly mine though unknown shock but to let them know they to me, can't I safely say that it are welcome? tnafcu'is pertains to that which is of the Could I, in the privacy of a bedspirit within me? Since I wish to room, pray earnestly and only for

gift, I discover would my one person not do some needs comwho to '6- well then cultivate and know help, fort or whether he be more the*, this spirit of mine? Yes, but how? or less "blessed"than I? m

Could I make the next opporCould I prove to myself that I've tunity to partake of the Sacrament sufficient will to spend at least ten a time of worship and covenant, minutes before retiring every night rather than a time to review the reading from our scriptures? Perdate of the night before? haps I could begin with the Pearl

BY C. ROBERT SPENCER Could I ask myself as I listen to of Great Price. It's the shortest.

.* -*-fc-A

".-

'Sjffi

"V). IS -/v

- * '*-'.'". li"; t ii;

T

Then after a period of such enionship of the Lord's Spirit, for it is ration to health, give comfort or deavor, as. I pray in search of that only when his Spirit touches mine counsel, or whether none of these

burning witness of testimony, there that I learn of this gift that I am opportunities is mine, there is anwill be in my words confidence beginning to discover as it swells other paramount need which tranborn of righteousness. There will within me. scends all the others. I need

be humility, faith, true reverence What is so precious about this the Spirit's constant companionship as I ask. companionship of the Spirit? Why to guide me in the most important

And when someone observes, so priceless? It is my birthright, decision I will ever make in morright tality—the choice of my eternal"Aren't you the best little 'domy priesthood—promised

gooder'?"my spirit either grows my gift given me when at eight I mate. Would I dare do this alone?

or withers. It is then that my gift was confirmed and renewed each Could we not each for himself

unfolds or remains silent. I may time hands were laid on my head. say, "Let me now begin selflessly

ashamedly "abandon ship"and And I want it. Indeed, I need it. I with my whole soul to worship, to

forget it to avoid further ridicule. need it now because I'm just now give of myself, and to master myself. Then one day I'll feel that witOr worse still, I may assume a becoming alive—just now becom-

"What's so wrong with doing ing aware of emotions, beauty, and ness from within; I'll recognize the

good?"stance and glory in the ideas. I need the Spirit's strength fulfilment of my gift. Then will I,

assumption that I'm being obto lead me through these new adlike Lehi, partake of the fruit of the served. Thus begins the dress paventures safely, meaningfully. tree that is 'desirable above all

rade of hypocrisy. Or, hopefully, I Perhaps I may be a missionary or others'which is 'most sweet, above

may look inside myself and ask, perchance a teacher. It may be all.'Then, as Alma will I come to

"Why am I making these efforts?"that I'll be called to bless the ill or feel that 'joy which the world knows

I'm doing these things not for be so blessed and need the faith to not, neither can it understand.'

appearances, not even to do "my be healed. For all these I need the Then will I have met Paul's chalduty,"but that I'm striving thus Spirit's whisperings. But whether I lenge to neglect not the gift that

solely because I crave the companpreach or teach, heal or seek restois in thee.'"

The Last Word

We have no more right to conOh, if it be to choose and call thee sume happiness without producing it mine, Love, thou art every day, than to consume wealth without promy Valentine!—Thomas Hood,

ducing it.—George Bernard Shaw "For the Fourteenth of February"

If there were more selfstarters, the All women's hats are different—milliners

boss wouldn't have to be a crank. seldom make the same mistake twice.

If your wife wants to learn to drive, don't stand in her way.

A hero is no braver than One should never be A thankful heart is not an ordinary man—but discouraged by small only the greatest virtue,

he is brave five minbeginnings; it is small but the parent of all

utes longer.—Emerson growth that disappoints. the other virtues.—Cicero

It is for us the living rather to be dedicated to the unfinished work Men die; devices change; success and

which they who fought here have thus far so nobly advanced... fame run their course, but within the

that we here resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain; walls of even the smallest library in our

and this nation, under God, shall have a new birth of freedom; land lie treasures—the wisdom and the

and that government of the people, by the people, and for the wonder of man's greatest adventures people, shall not perish from the earth.—Abraham Lincoln on this earth.—Colorado Bulletin

Nature is amazing". Who would A fanatic is anybody who is highly Real intelligence is a creative

have thought of growing a fly enthusiastic about something in which use of knowledge, not merely swatter at the end of a cow? you aren't even remotely interested. an accumulation of facts.

Democratic government is the political expression of Christianity.

It is incumbent upon every person of every description to Ideas are very much like children contribute to his country's welfare.—George Washington—your own are very wonderful.

No really great man ever thought so himself.-William Hazlitt

HAVE YOU TRIED KSL RADIO'S

FARE

EXCHANGE?

It's an exciting way to spruce up your daily meals, with wonderful suggestions for delicious new dishes, desserts, candies and cookies and even occasional suggestions for complete meals.

And so easy to get, too. Just pick up your telephone and dial

3220595. Margaret Masters will give you the recipe of the

day, recorded each weekday at 10 a.m. Margaret always tries

these recipes herself before passing them on to the KSL Radio listeners so you know they're different and delicious. Why not

try KSL Radio's FARE EXCHANGE soon? Remember, a different

recipe each weekday and all you have to do is pick up your telephone and call...

3220595

a new service of

1 160 on your dial.

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

Dear Keith:

We surely never dreamed that in nine short months this tragedy would come to us!

Only those who have experienced such a sudden tragedy can know the great shock it brings and the empty, lonely feeling it leaves within a home. And only those who have had

the security that a good insurance gives can answer a small daughter who asks, "Mamma, what will we do for money now Daddy's gone?"

I am thankful that my husband had the love and foresight to provide this financial security for us.

Our thanks to you, Keith, as our agent, for selling us this insurance, and to Beneficial Life

Insurance Company for their prompt payment of our claim.

Sincerely, Mrs. N. A. Roberts

BENEFICIAL LIFE

Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

From the Beneficial Life files