Fathers and Sons A GRANDFATHER Utah Athletes H. R. MERRILL

Three Hours Afield J. H. PAUL Something New From the Kaibab lora e. pratt

Luminous Plants and Animals Stories—Sandy—Thea. o. garrettDouble Victory

j. a. washburn—carter e. grant

*HiriiiiTriiiiTi n ii nM'

ED MONTHLY BY TH E

tfUTUAl IMPROVE tips!

SOUTHERN PACIFIC LINES OFFER SPECIAL SUMMER EXCURSION FARES FROM SALT LAKE CITY OR OGDEN TO LOS ANGELES AND RETURN BOTH WAYS VIA

SAN FRANCISCO $40.00

TO LOS ANGELES VIA SAN FRANCISCO RETURNING

DIRECT OR ROUTE REVERSED $47.50

Proportionately low fares from all other points in UTAH, IDAHO and MONTANA

STOPOVERS ALLOWED AT ALL POINTS

TICKETS ON SALE DAILY MAY 15TH TO SEPT. SOTH

FINAL RETURN LIMIT OCT. 31ST

For further information CALL, WRITE or PHONE

PRESS BANCROFT, GENERAL AGENT 41 SO. MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY

PHONE WASATCH 3008—3078

TRUNKS GLADSTONES BRIEF CASES

SHAPIRO TRUNK & BAG CO.

Wholesale and Retail EVERYTHING FOR THE TRAVELER 152 South Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah

(Home of Hartmann Wardrobe Trunks)

BAGS LEATHER GOODS DRESSING CASES

Shop Around If You Wish

you'll make selections here.—but

Standard Furniture Co.

Generous Credit Service 7 South Main St. Just North of Z. C. M. I.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA i ZC M.I UNIT SET CYCLORAMA STAGE. Il<> WARD

We Specialize in making np Stage Curtains and For Real Values Draperies In DIAMONDS Modern and up to the Minute.

And WATCHES Our work shop is equipped with the very

Jensen's, old come to the reliable

Jewelry store that has at been your latest appliances.

service for over a half century.

Broadcasters of the correct

I. time over Call at Z. C. M. I. S. K.

Drapery Department Lit Our Decorator Give You an Estimate

FREE OF CHARGE

Pass the Starch. Hubby: "This blueberry pie looks queer, dear."

Wifey: "Oh. honey, maybe I put in too much bluing."Boston Transcript.

Ingrowing Benevolence. She: "How kind you are to your wife, sending her away for

a test."He: "Yes, heaven knows I need one."Everybody's Weekly.

Two Irishmen were excavating for a proposed building when an interested spectator inquired. "How is it, Pat. that although you and Mike started work together, he has a bigger

pile of dirt than you?"

"Shure,"was the quick retort, "he's diggin'a bigger hole."

Elias Morris & Sons Co.

GEO. Q. MORRIS, Manager

Mantels, Tiles and Memorials Set in All Parts of the West

Write for Information

'Where the Fire Burns"21 West South Temple St., Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Cu.lnclies 308

of ToiieAmpliiyirajArea

THf NEW 'JfowMwickS Portable

Convenient terms The amplified tone chamber assure* a full, pure quality of tone not hitherto attained in an instrument of this type.

Let US Demonstrate Order by Mail-- We Ship Anywhere

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA \IMPROVEMENT ERA AUGUST, 1928 Pres. Heber J. Grant Hugh J. Cannon

Editor Associate Editor Melvin J. Ballard, Business Manager

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Young Men's

Mutual Improvement Associations and the Schools of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Among the Attractions of Nature - Frontispiece

BEAUTIFUL IN NATURE. A POEM - Joseph Longhing Townsend 809

When Fathers and Sons are Comrades - A Grandfather of Today 81

COURAGE. A POEM - Mary M. Porter 814

Live Most and Serve Best - - - - B. S. Hinckley 815

Scout Bruce J. Lyman. With Portrait 816

When the World Was Young - - - Henry F. Kirkham 8 1

Be Tolerant. A Poem H. Graehl 819

Utah Athletes Coming to Their Own. Illustrated

Prof. Harrison R. Merrill 821

Three Hours Afield. Illustrated - - Dr. J. H. Paul 8 26

DAD. A POEM Beatrice Williams 834

Something New from the Kaibab. Illustrated - Lora E. Pratt 835

INTERPRETING THE OUTOF-DOORS - Prof. Harrison R. Merrill 841

Luminous Plants and Animals - - - A. O. Garrett 843

In Crowded Places. A Poem - - - Bessie Bumham 846

-A Maid of Sixteen Summers. Illustrated

Jesse Theodore Simmons 847 Mountain-------Solitude. A Poem - - - Weston N. Nordgren 84 9

M I. A. Contest Winners. Illustrated 850

OUR M. I. A. A POEM - Ellen B. Richardson 854

The Knighthood of Youth - Ray O Wyland 85 5

Friends in High Places 861 Scouting and the Farm Boy - - - - - - - 862

MY GENIUS. A POEM - Bertha A. Kleinman 863 The Power of Personality...- - - Herbert D. Brown 864

SANDY. A STORY - - - - - - J. A. Washburn 866

The Double Victory, a Story - - - Carter. Grant 874

ADDED ON. A POEM Bertha A. Kleinman 876 Messages from the Missions.-----Illustrated - - - - 877 Editor's Table—The Worthwhile Vacation or Outing - 884

The Well Balanced Menu 885 Priesthood Quorums - - - - - - - - 886

Mutual Work - 887 Passing Events 894

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance

for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 110), Act of October, 1917.

authorized on July Z. I9IS.

Manuscripts submitted without the statement. "At usual rates."are considered free contcibutions. Photographs, unless their return is especially requested, will be destroyed.

Published monthly at Salt Lake City: tZ per annum. Address: Room 40 6 Church

Office Building.

EDITOR'S ANNOUNCEMENTS

In 1902 the late Ben E. Harker arrived this article will appear in our next issue.

in Germany as a missionary. Though he The editors of the Atlantic Monthly

was not yet out of his teens, he had already have very kindly exten'ded to the Era perachieved an excellent reputation as an mission to reprint "The Epistle of Kalliathlete, and later became the physical dikrates,"which appeared in the March rector of the Deseret Gymnasium. Shortly number of that magazine. This courtesy

after his arrival he put the following quesis greatly appreciated by us and will be, tion to the writer of these lines: "If the we are sure, by all our readers. Shortly

Word of Wisdom is all that we claim for after the appearance of this unusual and it, why hasn't the Church produced more very interesting article, Elder B. H.

great athletes?"For a moment the quesRoberts, of the Church Historian's office,

tion was a startling one; then the reasonmade reference to it in the daily press. His

able answer came to mind: "Wait and account was doubtless seen by many of

see. This community has been too deeply our readers. All these and a large numengaged in developing a new country to ber of others will be glad to peruse the

think much of physical training. The "epistle"in its entirety, which will appear

young men of the Church have found all in our September number.

the exercise they needed in building canals, Who They Are, a unique sketch from reclaiming arid lands, digging post holes the pen of Kenneth Bennion, will have a and in planting and harvesting crops. Utah place in the September number of the Era.

never had a paid coach until in the late It will be instructive and at the same time nineties. We are but a handful of people amusing to both old and young.

competing with the world; and, furthermore, it requires a few generations to deUnder the general caption of "Missionvelop a real athlete."This answer might ary Work in North America,"our May

well have included another fact: Many of number contained articles from the presour boys go on missions just at the time idents of missions on this continent. It is

they are coming into athletic prominence. planned to follow these with similar acVery few of them return to serious traincounts from our foreign missions. Some

ing after their missions have been comof these are already on hand and will pleted. Another thing that is worth notappear next month. Others will be printed

ing in this connection: Our boys are later as they come to hand. This phase ofcompeting with men who, at least during Church activity—missionary work—has

the training period, almost always observe demanded more time and money from the Word of Wisdom. All who are inour members than any other one thing,

terested in this subject will read with much more almost than all other things compleasure Prof. Harrison R. Merrill's article, bined, and is always an interesting theme.

"Utah Athletes Come Into Their Own,"Since our reference to the character of which will be found in this issue of the "Mission Messages."in the July issue of

Era. It is planned to follow this article the Era, many letters have been received

with others along the same line. from mission presidents in which they ap-

A grandfather of today writes interestprove of our suggestion. With their coingly in this number on Fathers and Sons'operation, we are sure these "Messages"

outings. This "grandfather"has had a can be filled with faithpromoting inciremarkably rich experience, not only with dents and experiences which will be interhis own children but with many others, esting and helpful to all our readers.

both large and small, and is drawing upon Pictures of people or scenes that play a this storehouse of knowledge for the benepart in the story will also add to its infit of our readers. The second part of terest and will be gladly received.

Beautiful in Nature

Oh the Beautiful our Lord has made!

'Tis for our eyes to see, Lingering in sunny meadows, Blending in the shrub and tree;

In the pasture, in the woodland.

And where flashing brooklets run,

In the brilliance of the sunrise,

In the setting of the sun;

Colorful in field and garden Where the flowers their hues array.

Varying in graceful motions Of the children in their play;

Rounding out the tinted outlines

Of the curving distant hills, And the pleasant lines of forelands

By the river and the rills;

And above the mountain ranges,

Giving its celestial view, Hovering above the summits In the vault of heaven's blue.

Oh the Beautiful our Lord has made!

'Tis for our ears to hear In the minstrelsy of nature Ever swelling sweet and dear;

While the meadowlark his ardent lay

Is trilling loud and long.

And the bobolink is caroling His gleeful summer song:

Or upon the gentle breezes A refrain is passing by Of the redwing's cheerful piping

And the plover's plaintive cry:

Or. even in the monotone

Where hosts of insects swell The under music of their drone

In forest, field and dell;

And intoned in children's laughter,

Mingling in the world so gay.

It is part of Nature's harmony

That makes a perfect day.

Maywood. California JOSEPH LONGKING TOWNSEND

Improvement Era

Vol. XXXI AUGUST, 1928 No. 10

When Fathers and Sons are Comrades

By a Grandfather of Today can you work, play, study, camp out, with yourFATHERS, boys? When father and son work together, play together,

study the same subjects, fish, hunt, hike, and camp out together, then it follows, as experience has shown, that:

I. The Father's Ideas of Punishment Change.

There is at least one feature in scout work and in what is taught in BeeHive work, boyology, and similar courses, that must appeal to all believers in the essential soundness of human nature.

This work tends to prove that boys who go wrong are simply the unadjusted boys. Our failure to hold or to reclaim these errant

wanderers means only, in the light of scientific investigations of the tendencies of the teens, not that the boy is sinful, but that we do not know what to do with him. Studies of adolescents show that

punishment, if it is to serve any purpose at all, must be directed against the cause of undesirable acts, not against the boy who commits them, scarcely knowing what he does.

It is now an accepted maxim among students of boy life that perhaps the best, if not the only way that is sure to correct faults, is by processes of training and practice, to replace bad habits with good habits. Retributive justice, as the due penalty for wrongdoing, is found in the large majority of cases to be a mere mistake that

should not enter at all into the matter of dealing with youth.

Experimental studies have given to investigators a new estimate of the harm that is done by any sort of punishment that the child considers unjust; and that, it has been ascertained, includes

the great bulk of any sort of penalties and practically all punishment of children below eight or nine years of age.

II. Fathers Get Refreshing Views of the Gospel of Work.

Companionship with his sons in their enterprises as distin812 IMPROVEMENT ERA

guished from his own work and interests, soon convinces the father that, contrary to a widespread belief, boys really like to work. They

delight in the solutions of problems that are difficult to master, especially when the problems are of paramount importance in some work that the boy is interested in doing. In order to induce him to attack

it with zeal and energy, the work must, in some sense, be the boy's own work, or it must be of immediate concern to him; the problem

must be his problem. Let the boy see that it is his work we are

doing, his interest that we are seeking, and there will be no difficulty in securing his cooperation.

III. The Father Becomes a Convert to the Gospel of Play.

Scout work, BeeHive girl programs, boyology, and other studies of the that play is as important in the life of teens,—all make known

the boy and the girl, and not improbably in adult lives also, as is important, perhaps, as prayer and divine worship.work itself—as

Religious people have always believed implicitly enough in the gospel of work; and this fact is greatly to their credit, since it shows their

discernment of the chief factor in the development of character. But

they have rarely, perhaps, believed in the gospel of play. Programs

of companionship between fathers and sons have opened to view the desirability, if not the necessity, of play, of recreation, of change, and of diversion, in the lives of men and women as well as in the life of the child. Play is, to speak reverently, heaven's method of

developing the young limbs and the immature powers of the child.

Play is also the best means of relaxation from the strenuous and unending toil that successful modern living entails. For the bow

cannot always be bent, the spring not always stretched, the human system not always under extreme strain or tension.

IV. Fathers Cease to Complain of Recent and Contemplated Changes in

School Work.

The bearing of these comradeactivities upon school work is most significant. Schools, the writer is convinced, must soon undertake, in some form, these openair programs in summer. When

parents understand what it is that schools are trying to do, we shall hear fewer complaints about school taxes. Summer work for school

pupils, summer camps in cool places, outings and nature study in the bestopen; athletics, art, shopwork, industry, and farm work—all

given in be the changes we next shall see in school summer—may

programs.

It is quite generally admitted that the public schools are not meeting the issue; also that modern homes are not, that the churches

are not. No present agency is meeting the real needs of the youth of

WHEN FATHERS AND SONS ARE COMRADES 813

our time. In all their programs something is needed that is not there.

That something is precisely what Scout work, BeeHive work, boyology, bigbrother leagues, and similar modern agencies seek to supply. But these combined reach less than ten per cent, thus far, of the

boys and girls in summer. Only the schools can reach the vast

majority.

What is chiefly lacking in boyhood and youth is the filling in of the leisure time. The schools provide well for the pupils during

the hours that they have them. It is during the other half of

their time that pupils today need most looking after. "Satan finds

some mischief still for idle hands to do."In former days, this was

not the problem; for the industries of the oldfashioned home kept

all its inmates busy in their spare time. Most readers can probably

yet remember when our towns and cities were places of orchards and gardens. In my youth Salt Lake valley, from the blossoms of fruit

trees, which then filled almost every town lot, was a sea of pink and white in the month of May. Many of the homes had one or more

cows, sometimes horses and pigs, and almost always chickens. Each

had a garden of flowers, vegetables, and small fruit, most of the lots being surrounded by the prolific and delicious Missouri black or yellow currants. Today all that beauty, that wealth of orchard

and garden about every home as its chief pride and ornament, is gone, perhaps forever. The changes wrought by the vast industrial revolution which we have so recently witnessed have deprived children of

the natural, interesting, productive work, which once was a matter of course in the economy of things.

V. Fathers Get New Faith in the Good Time Coming.

Schools have responded to the changed order; but, ably managed as they are, it has been impossible for them to provide for these

profound changes. The result is that pupils are now without

employment after school hours and during vacations. This means

that they have nothing regular to do for more than half of the time.

Being awake and full of energy, they must be doing something. Many

wise men have sought to find for them summer employment in modern industry, but the attempt has not been successful. Moreover, even if it could be carried into effect, it might lead to conditions that the world deplored half a century ago, when the poet

Mackay declared:

There's a good time coming, boys.

A good time coming;

Little children shall not toil,

Under or above the soil, In the good time coming;

814 IMPROVEMENT ERA

But shall play in healthful fields

Till mind and limb grow stronger;

And every one shall read and write

Wait a little longer!

The thought of returning to anything like the child labor and the industrial slavery of the Middle Ages, is abhorrent to our sense of values and of justice to children. The industrial employment of children is probably not the solution. There is

that improves the reala different and finer way—a way

life of both parent and child, that makes for the safety of the state, the church, the home, and the nation. It is the way pointed out

by Scout work for summer and other spare time. It is, without irfor the salvation of the man and the boy.safety—heaven'sreverence or exaggeration,way the way of truth and life, of honor and

(To be Continued)

Courage

If you could cross mysterious seas, Columbus,

Could breast the angry, threatening unknown;

If you could face adversity and turmoil,

And reap reality from vast dreams sown;

If you could prove a truth by men forgotten,

And do a deed that some now call divine;

If you could find a continent, Columbus,

Then surely I can find this soul of mine.

If you could guide a nation, noble Lincoln,

And make of several parts a whole again;

If you could stand sagacious and unflinching.

In spite of calumny and scorn of men;

If you, with prescient and humble wisdom,

Could bring our country out of darkest night;

If you could mold a destiny, O Lincoln,

Then I at least can shape my life aright.

If you can love me still, my heavenly Father,

In spite of obstinate and blind selfwill;

Of selfish thoughts and base renunciation,

Of frenzied doubts I've often tried to kill;

(You've loved me, and You've punished me severely.

see.) Yet still I do not trust—I cannot

Still, if you'll understand and watch and guide me,

I'll grope my way at last, dear Lord, to thee.

Ogden, Utah MARY M. PORTER

Live Most and Serve Best By B. S. Hinckley, Secretary of the Deseret Gymnasium

building is the supreme work of the world, and raceMACEsupremacy rests fundamentally upon a physical basis. "More

precious than mines, or rivers, or forests is the health and vitality of the nation."

Health is the first objective in any rational scheme of education. This does not mean health for health's sake. Health is not an

end in itself only for the bedridden. As aptly expressed by Professor Thorndyke, "It is better to be a Socrates with a headache

than a perfectly healthy pig."

The "temple of the soul"is but a servant ready and trained to serve high purposes and noble ends. Health has come to mean

much more than absence from the hospital, much more than disease dodging. Dr. Jesse F. Williams has this to say: "It is satisfying

to think of health as that condition of the body that makes possible the highest enjoyment of life, the greatest constructive work, and that shows itself in the best service to the world. It involves keeping

the body and the mind at the highest levels, living at one's best."

And so he has reduced his definition of health to this single but significant sentence: "Health is that quality of life that renders

the individual fit to live most and to serve best."

In view of this brief but comprehensive definition, all agencies established for the promotion of health should seek not only to liberate man from disease, physical weakness, inefficiency and degeneracy, but to make his body the robust instrument of a trained and cultured mind devoting its powers to the highest service of mankind.

It is every man's religious duty to live up to the highwater mark of his possibilities: to do this he must give intelligent thought

to the preservation and cultivation of all his health endowments.

There is no way "to beat the game"of life. The sources of health

are neither magical nor mysterious, they are, briefly, pure food of the proper kind and quality, fresh air, wholesome exercise, recreation and proper attitude of the mind.

In our day it is verv gratifying to feel that the hope William

James expressed many years ago is being fulfilled: "I hope that

here in America more and more the ideal of the welltrained and vigorous body will be maintained neck and neck with that of the welltrained and vigorous mind as the two coequal halves of the 816 IMPROVEMENT ERA

higher education for men and women alike. The strength of the

British Empire lies in the strength of the character of the individual Englishman, taken all alone by himself, and that strength, I am persuaded, is perennially nourished and kept up by nothing so much as by the national worship, in which all classes meet, of athletic outdoor life and sport."

Scout Bruce J. Lyman

For exceptional bravery and heroism an affirmative answer, he told them demonstrated in the rescue of Delbert the water was deep and advised them to

Alyne, Elvis Alyne, stay up stream, and and Wesley Oches watched them as from drowning. they commenced

Scout Lyman has playing in shallow been awarded a gold Sib water. Bruce then

medal for lifesaving swam down the west by the N a t i o n a 1 bank of the stream,

Court of Honor, Boy but soon was greatly

Scouts of America. surprised to hear

This lad is a memcries for help. He iipl||BB saw that the threeber of Troop 503,

ifY ten into deep waterLogandale,—Zion's NationalNevada SbD&KhsHB'youngsters had gotPark Council. and could not

'swim. He imOn September 1

1927, Bruce, in mediately started for company with his them and took the brother Neil, was nearest one upstream swimming in the to save him. AlMoapa Valley Flood though he had to

Channel. The recent swim against the

flood had made a current with his hole 60 feet wide t JBp burden, then back to and 200 feet long the second boy and and between 15 and against the current 20 feet deep. On again, he persisted in

either side the banks his efforts. As he

were 10 to 15 feet turned back for the high, making it imthird unfortunate, possible for anyone the lad seemed to to get out excepting Scout Bruce J. Lyman have quit struggling

at the end. At the and was sinking.

upper end of this hole small stream Bruce reached him in time to grasp his of water wa9 filling heavy sand wrist and tow him to safety. Although the

boy was limp and helpless he was not which formed; almost vertical wall. unconscious. The Scout had been too well

The three smaller beys came to the prepared and too fast for death.

channel to bathe. Bruce asked them if The above account was furnished us by

they could swim and, though he received Scoutmaster Del. H. Robinson.

When the World Was Young By Henry F. Kirkham

(Ol TRETCHED across many miles of southern Utah are natural that, for fantastic outline and splendid coloring,\ wonder spots cannot be excelled by any similar place in the world. It would

seem, indeed, that a giant sculptor had exercised his art in the creation and used a rainbow for his Cedar Breaks, Zion, pigments—Bryce,

the Grand Canyon of the Colorado, and a host of others too numerous to mention.

But it is not the color, alone, that impresses the beholder the most. Rather it is the almost uncanny resemblance that many of

these wonders bear to the work of human hands that bewilders the spires, vast natural bridges, pulpit rocks,imagination,-—cathedral

and a variety of marvelous carvings that look like fabled creatures of ancient legends.;

It is useless to argue that these strange images are but the result of natural agencies; the tireless effort of erosion extending over

countless centuries. No! the picture is too real, the effect too startling, for such a puerile explanation. For miles away ran the gigantic

palisade on which I gazed. Each stone in place as level as the work

of a mastermason. And within this vast walled city, the gaunt

pillars, the mute ruins of what could have been nothing less than some very temple of departed gods. You could almost visualize the

time it once stood complete and grand; when full and splendid life

dwelt therein and lived and loved as only gods could love. Tell me

not, O scoffer, that dull, insensate chance ever forged this exquisite masterpiece!

side sat a "You are right, mortal, chance never did!"—By myspritely fairy, laughing as the sound of tinkling bells—"I repeat,

chance never did. Who should know better than I, I who dwelt

nearby when this same temple housed as merry a collection of exalted souls as ever trod this mundane soil?

"And because of your faith, mortal, will I tell you the tale thereof, and so shall your spirit be at peace."

"Light, the god of the sunlit places, moved blithely down the winding mountain trail. The world was young in those days and

good to look upon. Also, this fair god was very much in love,

so that the raptures of his soul colored all the earth with the glamour of his own entrancing beauty. For was not he even bent that very

818 IMPROVEMENT ERA

moment upon a tryst with the loveliest of the lovely—beautiful

Spring. "And as he ran swiftly to meet his beloved, he sang of things of love and the burden of his songs was thus:

''I, who dwell in the granite hills,

Kiss the fair lips of radiant Spring;

Girt in a mantle of clouds is she

Softer far than rainbow wing.'

"Now all of this apostrophe was true, for lovely Spring was ever the song on the lips of lovers everywhere. Moreover she dwelt

in a palace of crystal salt and her eyes were as the deep blue of the great lake, and her face as the creamy whiteness of the salt spray.

Also, Light, himself, was certainly not bad to look upon,—straight

as an arrow and tall as the pines of the eternal hills. Besides, did he

not dwell in a great fortress of enduring castle of a granite—the

thousand halls?

"And who can tell of the rapture of that tryst or the sweet words, like the whispering of summer zephyrs, that fell from the lips of these immortal gods? Suffice it to say that, presently, Light,

glowing as the sun at noontime, brought Spring, soft as the harvest moon, to his castle of the thousand halls. Indeed, the very stars sang

together and all the feathered songsters, for this was a joyful day to the children of earth when the world was young.

"But the fair gods left their shattered castle of the thousand halls."

WHEN THE WORLD WAS YOUNG 819

"There was one, however, who did not join gladly in the universal praise, one who dwelt in the dark places and whose very soul was consumed with bitter envy by reason of this happiness.

Dark was his name and darker was his nature. For countless ages

he had looked with evil desire upon beautiful Spring and sought her for his own, and now was his spirit filled with anguish and his thought with dark plans for revenge.

"And so he brooded, within the shadows, meditating a snare.

And out of that brooding came a plan and the nature of it was this:

North Wind, the TorridFirst he summoned his several allies—The

Rain, the Biting Frost. This trio he sent forth, and this was the

manner of their going: With bluster and rattle, North Wind did

shake the granite walls of that Castle Hall wherein Light abode, while Torrid Rain beat incessantly thereon, and Biting Frost industriously smote with his sharp spear upon the rocky face. A million

years, perhaps, were they so engaged and great damage did they accomplish.

"And at the end of this period, Dark sent forth other enemies.

Fire, he who dwelt in the deep places, and Thunder, armed with his bolts of lightning. The mission of Fire was, of course, to consume

the foundations and make a heat as of a great furnace. To Thunder

was assigned the final task, for when it chanced that Light, disturbed by all this unseemly racket, should venture forth to inquire the reasons thereof, then was Thunder to launch his so bolts—and

would Dark have his revenge complete and arrive at his own sinful desires. "As Dark had planned so it came to pass. Light, awakened

from his dream of bliss, came forth, Thunder launched the bolts.

But, alas! blinded by the exceeding brightness of the beautiful god,

miscarried in his aim, so that the bolt fell, not upon the head of

Lieht, but upon the head of Dark who stood nearby to glory in th:

fall of his enemy. And straightway was Dark converted into that

strange statue of stone upon which you now gaze, O mortal. But

the fair gods left their shattered castle of the thousand halls to return to the realms of the immortals."

Be Tolerant

Each man is a unit and counts as one A man is a man. no matter his creed.

In God's flawless plan here below. If in quest of truth he's sincere.

Naked, and helpless and hungry we come. Research and knowledge all error shall weed.

And leave dross behind when we go. At last truth alone will appear.

Park City, Utah H. GRAEHL

Four Famous Utah Athletes Utah Athletes Coming to Their Own

By Prof. Harrison R. Merrill, Brigham Young University

Utah is one of the youngest states in the Union, andTHOUGH though her population is so sparse that all the people gathered together would not make a city as large as scores of eastern and western cities, she has made remarkable progress in athletics as well as in many other undertakings. Her young men, gathered from the

mountains and deserts of a comparatively barren state, have entered the lists with the athletes of the world and have made a showing that almost surpasses belief. For who could believe that a state but 32

years of age among states 150 years of age, with a population less than one twohundred seventyfifth the population of the United

States, by the law of averages could shoulder up.

The law of averages, however, does not seem to hold good in the case of the athletic prowess of the youths of Utah, despite the fact that older states have a much older athletic program and have had much more efficient apparatus and athletic coaching staffs.

And athletes are made as well as born.

As far back as 1912, out of the West went Alma W. Richards

to the Olympic games. He was unheralded and unsung. He was

merely a boy, a big one it is true, but a boy nevertheless. On account

of his general ability and versatility he was entered in the decathlon at the Olympic games in Stockholm as America's representative.

By winning 6856 points in ten events, Alma W. Richards became known as the best allround athlete in the world. During the

same Olympic meet in Stockholm he won the high jump and set a new world mark at 6 feet four inches. Later in 1915 young Richards, by leaping 6 feet 5 inches, became the United States national

champion and record holder.

That Alma W. Richards had a right to win is indicated by

some of the records he has set: High jump 6 feet 5 inches; broad

jump, 23 feet 4>4 inches; 16pound shot put, 45 feet 1 1 24 inches;

12pound shot put, 53 feet 8 inches; discus, 145 feet 11 inches;

and the 56pound weight, Los Angeles, June, 1928, 34 feet 8 inches.

Clinton Larson, a youth from Utah's Dixie, is another athlete who won international as well as national and state renown. While

still a high school lad with almost no coaching whatever, he set a state high school record of 6 feet 2 inches which has stood until this year, when Loraine Cox, also of Dixie, broke it by setting the bar up a half inch. 822 IMPROVEMENT ERA

In 1917 Larson participated in the Penn. State relays, where he

won the national honors and set a mark, at 5 feet 5 % inches, which still stands after eleven years, during which athletes from every state in the Union have attempted to improve upon the height.

Clinton Larson became champion of the aviation forces during the world war and won first place in an interallies meet which was held in Paris, France, in 1919. He also took first place in the high

jump at the Panama Exposition. He still holds the world's indoor

record made in the Deseret Gymnasium, Salt Lake City.

In an exhibition jump in Provo, the Dixie wonder cleared the bar at 6 feet 7% inches. Though, of course, it does not count as

an official record, scores of people saw him make the jump which, had it been made in an official meet, might have given the world a mark that would have stood for many years, indeed.

Though years have passed, Larson is still jumping up around world marks. So excellent is he that this year he represented this

district at Boston in the high jump.

Creed Haymond, in 1915, ran the 220 yard dash in 21 1/5 seconds, thereby setting a new world's record for a curved track that has stood for thirteen years.

Dr. Haymond has smashed state and national records in the

100 and the 220 yard dashes. He had the distinction of captaining

the track and field team of the University of Pennsylvania in 1919.

During that year he was a member of the relay team which broke the world's record in the 400meter, the 800meter, and the halfmile relays.

Other Utah athletes have made national showings. Clinton

Luke became national broad jump champion. Melvin Burke set

new Utah marks in the high school mile run and then in 1924 went to Chicago where he tied the national record. Burke later

broke the Rocky Mountain Athletic Conference College record in the mile four or five times and still holds the record at 4:25 2/5. This

year in Denver, at the Olympic meet, he set a new record in the mile for this region.

Owen Rowe, a youth from Spanish Fork, is another of the handful of Utah athletes who have broken into national fame. He

has set new records, both state and conference, in the low hurdles and has broken the Olympic record in the 200 -meter race.

Owen Rowe has proved himself to be the greatest allround track man Utah has produced. While yet a high school student at

Spanish Fork he won the gold watch given by Brigham Young

University for the best allround performance, and since entering college he has repeatedly been highpoint man of the various meets.

UTAH ATHLETES COMING TO THEIR OWN 823

He is a stellar performer in the sprints, the lowhurdles, and the broad jump, and is also a great basketball and football man.

In mentioning national champions it is easy to become eloquent when the name of Bud Shields comes up, for Bud, single handed and alone, representing Brigham Young University at the national intercollegiate meet in Philadelphia, won over schools with eight or ten men on the team. Alone, Bud Shields gave his university

a tie for third place honors with Stanford University. He not only

established new records in the 220 and 440yard races, but he established them both in the same meet, thereby winning two firsts.

Shields has broken many records and in unofficial practice tests has broken world's records in some of the distances. He is a versatile

swimmer and, were he permitted to enter all events, could win a swimming match from almost any full team in the conference.

Besides these, there are scores of Utah athletes who have measCrced Haymond (second from right) winning 100 yard dash at Harvard Stadium.

A Story of this race will appear later.

824 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ured up well with the greatest athletes of the world. Because their

names are too numerous to mention, all except those who have won national or international fame have been omitted.

It is interesting to note that every one of these unusual men is not only a member of the Latterday Saint Church, but each one has been a more or less rigid observer of the Word of Wisdom. Not a

man among those who have won national honors has ever used regularly tea, coffee, tobacco, or strong drink.

Here is a part of their testimony: Alma W. Richards, world's

allround champion, 1912, "I have never used regularly tea, coffee, tobacco, or liquor in any form. I still believe in the Word of

Wisdom."Creed Haymond, holder of the world's record in the 220 yard dash on a curved track:

"I have never tasted tea, coffee, tobacco, or liquor in any form.

I promised my mother when I was eight years old, I would never break the Word of Wisdom. I was with her in the Utah Stake

Tabernacle at the time and Senator Reed Smoot was speaking on that subject. That was twentyfive years ago, and I have kept my promise and expect to the rest of my life. My coaches at Pennsylvania

thought it peculiar that I would never take tea during the season or wine before a meet, but told me later that it was that perhaps which kept me up (they guessed), because I never had time to train much, but was always in condition."

Melvin Burke, joint holder of national record for the mile in the high school division and holder of many records in the state and conference:

"I have not used regularly tea, coffee, tobacco, or liquor in any form. I am a firm believer in the Word of Wisdom. It is a great

feeling to come to the end of a hard contest and still have a reserve for the sprint. I had considerable sickness when a child, but proper

living helped me overcome it."

Owen Rowe, champion sprinter and hurdler: "I never have

used coffee, tea, tobacco, or liquor in any form. I am a firm believer

in the Word of Wisdom and adhere to its teachings rigidly. I know

it pays."Bud Shields, national champion swimmer: "I have never used

tobacco regularly or liquor at all in any form. I have never used

tea. I have used coffee to some extent, but not to excess. I am not

using it now. When I was a mere boy I was looked upon as a

weakling, but I have overcome that by careful living and proper training."Clinton Larson's wife was spokesman for him, as he was away

UTAH ATHLETES COMING TO THEIR OWN 825

in Boston when this article was written: "Clinton Larson is a rigid

observer of the Word of Wisdom and always has been. Furthermore,

he always keeps himself on a training diet and always keeps in perfect physical condition. He is a firm believer that right living regarding foods is of paramount importance to the athlete."

It may be regarded as significant that from a state possessing less than one twohundred seventyfifth of the population of the

United States there should come so many athletes of national renown and that of that number every one was, is, and expects to continue to be a strict observer of the Word of Wisdom.

Scores of other great Utah athletes might be cited for their achievement in many events, but space will not permit. It is to be

hoped, however, that future articles in the Era will deal with their achievements. This article aims to deal only with those who have

already become well known nationally for their achievements. It is

true there are many Utah athletes who have approached or broken national records, but no others, so far as the author of this paper knows, have made any such records in national meets. It is just

possible that some athletes who should be mentioned in this group have been overlooked. In that case, it is a matter of not knowing

rather than of purposely slighting any young man who has become nationally known in amateur athletics, especially in track and field events.

Of course, the testimonies of these young men do not prove conclusively that the Word of Wisdom is an aid to athletes, but their testimony, since every national character has agreed, is significant, to say the least.

The end is not yet. Utah is rapidly becoming supplied with

athletic equipment and with trained athletic coaches. There arc

already three stadium cities in the state, and others will be added soon, according to report. Gymnasiums are everywhere, and young

men are training scientifically in scientific places under scientific men. Just what all this coupled with the start given them by careful observance of the Word of Wisdom will do no man can predict.

Were one to name men who have stood high in sports in Utah, men who have actually approached national records, several pages would be filled with their names. That the Utah athlete is coming

to his own there can be no reasonable doubt.

Three Hours Afield Among Little Things That People Want to Know—Nature Programs for

Scoutmasters and Campers, Based on What They See.

By J. H. Paul, Professor of Natural Science at the

University of Utah And what delights can equal those

That stir the spirit's inward deeps,

When one that loves, but knows not, reaps

A truth from one that loves and knows?

Tennyson. you ever go afield with a group of boys and girls and tryDIDto answer their questions? Out for a school holiday, and

prepared by their teachers to ask about things, five such live groups induced me to go with them this spring; and during

six weeks of April and May, it was likewise my good fortune to scoutmasters, memgo out also with seven adult groups—teachers,

best of listenersbers of general boards, and extension classes—the

and watchers. There were four trips into "birdland,"as related

in other articles. Here I shall tell chiefly of two trips into Dry

canyon. Sixty pupils of the Webster school had been studying

nature, and therefore desired to see things, as did also one hundred pupils from the Ensign stake religion classes of the fifth grade. With

nature as our aim, we spent three hours afield.

Wonders Found in a Dry Gulch For a nature exploration few places less promising could be chosen than dry ravines or deserts; but in spring and fall these localities teem with interest and beauty, the best time of day being

early morning or toward sunset. As the guide and the teachers

sauntered along the dry ravine, the pupils scattered, like a flock of sheep, fanshape over the hills; but they did not get lost, for, by

intelligent teaching, they had been prepared for this work. Soon

one after another of them came rushing to the teachers or to the guide, bringing some new treasure or rock, a twig, a mystery—a

flower, an insect, even a wanting to know what it lizard;—and

was. With questions like these, they kept us busy:

"Will this lizard bite?"No; all lizards and horned toads

are harmless and useful with one exception, the Gila Monster, which is poisonous. One boy caught a lizard, another a horned toad;

they were instructed not to harm the little things, but to let them go on the sunny side of the hill. Boys about to stone a snake were

THREE HOURS AFIELD 827

Thalessa lunator.

(a) Fullgrown larva; (c) pupa, showing ovipositors coiled about it; (e) central figure, adult

female, life size; (f) ovipositor enlarged; (g) adult male, life size.

828 IMPROVEMENT ERA

restrained; and a little talk on the usefulness of snakes and toads was

given.

The Hunting Beetles Then some of the pupils came across two large, slowmoving, blackhued beetles, which stood on their heads when disturbed. The

reason they assume this attitude, which is a threat to sting, seemed amusing to the pupils, especially when they learned that no beetle has a sting, and that none can bite to amount to much. These

somber, Western pinnacate beetles, about which the authorities can say little, are wise enough, by pretending to sting, to imitate ants and thus deceive their natural birds and small carnienemies—the

vores. A black beetle with minute, shining red dots on its wings,

and several beetles with lined or grooved wing covers, were picked up. These are the beneficial hunting beetles, which live on other

insects. In Massachusetts they are the chief hope of the people to

save the New England pine forests from the ravages of the imported gypsymoth caterpillar. "Spare and guard the hunting beetles, but

make specimens of all the longhorns."One group found a longhorned boring beetle; its destructive work in laying eggs in the trunks

of trees, and the saving of these trees by the woodpeckers, were explained.

Thalessa, the TreeSaver Not a little excitement was caused by the approach of the most notable of insect treesavers, the immense ichneumon wasp,

Thalessa lunator. Only a few caught glimpses of her, but the

guide related her life history. Tremex, a large, brown wasp an inch

in length, and about the thickness of an ordinary lead pencil, lays its eggs in the bark of trees. The eggs hatch into larvae, which consume the sap and burrow in the sap wood to the serious injury

of the tree. Then comes Thalessa (consult the picture), a long,

slender, shining, reddishbrown wasp, the tip of the abdomen enlarged and bearing a pair of flexible threads from four to six inches in length. These are the egglayers (ovipositors). Arching them

up over her head, she bores into the burrow made by the larva of the

Tremex wasp, and lays an egg therein. This egg hatches into a

small larva, which Works its way along the burrow till it comes to the larva of > then fastens itself to the body of the borer, and Tremex kills it by consuming its flesh. The larva of Thalessa thus saves

the tree. When these facts were first published, half a century ago,

there was a stir about them in the scientific world. Never kill

Thalessa, nor any very slender wasp. Slenderbodied wasps are

insect destroyers of great value to man; and all wasps and hornets

are of value as destroyers of insects, especially of flies.

THREE HOURS AFIELD 829

Flowers and Their Visitors The most frequent question, "What flower is this?"was answered by giving the common name and some point of interest about

the plant. Then came: "What shrub or tree? What rock? What

insect? What bird is that? What bird song?"Several asked,

"What makes that buzzing?"It was the crackling of either the

redwinged or the clearwinged grasshopper. "What butterfly is

that?"The mourning cloak butterfly was frequent, and then,

by great good fortune, its caterpillar was observed at work. Milbert's tortoise shell, two sizes of tiger swallowtail, a brown checkerspot, the Northern summer, the Western were pointed white—these

out as they flew near, with the food plant of the larva and the honey plant of the adult. Dreamy duskywinged moths were numerous;

their curious, hooked antennae were of special interest. "What dead

—Thalessa lunator. (a) Female in act of ovipositing (t)

abdomen showing outer sheaths in slightly different position (ej ab domen stretched to its utmost, as when first inserting or'finally

)'withdrawing the ovipositor, and showing the coil of outer sheaths (/ the distended (rf), membrane and the ovipositor coiled inaround side it at periphery, 830 IMPROVEMENT ERA

animal is this?"It had been killed by some thoughtless gunner and

left there to rot in the sun. The pupils were told how the carcass

could pollute the water of the entire stream and spread germs of disease; hence it must be buried. "Are there any snakes in Dry

canyon?"None in spring; few if any in summer.

Insects, Ants, Snails, Hawks "Will these ants sting?"The large red ones will; they are the

Occident ants, chief harvesters and farmers among insects; in dry

countries they store away food for the winter, as Solomon correctly remarked. Those ants with wings do not sting; they are the kings

and queens ready for their mating flight. Most of the males soon

perish, a few females surviving to found new colonies.

"How did these snail shells get here? Did the ocean once

cover these mountains?"Yes; but the snails are land species; look

about under the oak leaves and you will find shells containing live snails. "Are shells and fossils in the rocks proof of the flood?"

No; they are evidence that in past geological ages, long before the

flood, this region was part of a vast sea.

"What hawk flies yonder?"It is the Western redtail, one

of the best hawks, miscalled the chicken hawk and often shot by mistake. Notice that it flies without moving its wings. Wing

rats, gophers, rabbits; for thesemotion would alarm its prey—the

pests it is always hunting. The detrimental or birdkilling hawks

are usually moving their wings in swift, darting flight. "What dug

this hole?"The useful badger, the harmful ground squirrel, and

the gopher. "What nest is that?"A magpie's nest, hung in the

oakbrush but long since deserted because plundered by men or boys.

Do not make the mistake of interfering with or of inspecting birds'nests. The nightprowling weasel, skunk, rat, and wildcat, like to

follow by scent the trail of man. If you have gone to a nest, these

foes of birds will thus find the nest and destroy its inmates.

Learning From Dead Animals A few summers ago, in a grove near Murray, thirty teachers stood listening to the vanishing songs of a willow thrush—songs

at first fluted then trilled, with fine power and with a finish of delicate beauty. As we listened, someone noticed a dead bird lying

near; it turned out to be the body of a thrush. What should we

do with it? Decomposition had already set in, and some were

holding their noses from fear of the offensive odor.

"Please give attention,"said the guide; "we have here a treasure of unusual value."

As they gathered around, the guide, requesting all to watch closely, gently turned over the body of the dead bird. A real sensaTHREE HOURS AFIELD 831

tion! Half a hundred strangelooking insects rushed about in a

hurry to get out of the light of day. These were beetles of three

kinds: carrion, or flesh, beetles, of medium build and dark color;

skin beetles, smaller, dark gray, and thin as heavy paper; and sexton,

or burying, beetles, large of body, strong of limb, deep black, and with wide bands of red across their bodies.

Nature Sermons on Sanitation Here was an opportunity, and the guide went on to explain the

dead animals. Someone ventured to remark, "Whatworkplaces—underand ways of these strange insects dwelling in most obnoxious

if Paley had known of the good work of these lowly creatures?"

Undoubtedly he would, when he wrote his able treatise on Natural

Theology, have added another worthwhile chapter to his interesting demonstrations of the providence that in so many beneficial ways adapts nature to the service of mankind.

Thereafter, could these teachers use such opportunities? With

true insight and to decided advantage, they could utilize the absorbing chapters of Fabre on the ways of burying beetles, and the story of American tumble bugs. Then would come the lore concerning

the sacred beetle of symbolic scarabaeus, famed in hisEgypt—the

tory, and engraved in the signet rings of based on royalty—history

firsthand evidence. Such are the stories to tell in the open during

daylight hours; not fanciful or mythical ones, which, if related at

all, should be reserved for the story hour at the evening campfire.

Several teachers so adapted the incident that it yielded fine material for English composition; but scoutmasters could give, over the body

of every dead creature found, the most timely and useful lessons, including the sanitary burial of the carcass; since in our dry climate

in summer a. few handfuls of dust will render odorless and safe any

decaying substance, offal, or fact that should be imexcreta—a

pressed upon the memories of all campers.

ROCKCHUCKS AND BURYING BEETLES

On the Dry canyon hike, boys from the Webster found the body of a rockchuck, and came running to tell of their discovery. All

hurried there. The guide explained what the harmless and interesting creature means to us, and why it should not be killed, chiefly

because of the excitement and interest among hikers that living rockchucks stir up. There it lay, its strong, curved digging claws, sharp

teeth, and dense, reddishbrown fur suggesting the mode of its underground life.

As they looked about, several pupils called attention to another rockchuck, a live one, galloping along the side of the hill. All got

832 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Pigeon Tremex, or TreeKilling Wasp, life size, in the center. Right, Tremex Larva,

full grown. Left, a TreeSaving Wasp, Pimpla, laying eggs in the Cocoon of a Moth.

glimpses or views of it. After brief explanations, the guide invited

the boys to do a good turn by burying the dead chuck. As a heavy

stone was moved from its body, numerous flesh beetles and burying beetles rushed from beneath the carcass, skurrying to cover. Capturing one of these, the large redand-back sexton bettle, the guide

explained to the attentive listeners how beneficial to man is the work of these curious insects. After one look at the powerful digging claws, strong cutting jaws, muscular bodies, and the coat of

armor defensive against contamination by decaying flesh, the pupils could readily understand how these beetles carve up the flesh of dead animals and bury it in the ground. Then the beetles

lay eggs beside it; these soon hatch into larvae, which speedily consume the flesh, thus rendering it harmless to man. Otherwise the

body, decaying in the open air, would poison all the atmosphere

slower and less sanitary process.aboutflies—ait muchfor weeks till it was finally consumed by the larvae of blow

Some Practical Results Each boy then took up handfuls of soil and soon covered the body of the dead chuck, just as scores of burying beetles had been doing a piece at a time. What effects will contemplation of these

services, by some investigators said to be beyond estimation, exert on the minds of youth? They will conclude that these lowly and

THREE HOURS AFIELD 833

unnoticed bits of life work to save the life of man. At each future

encounter with decaying animal bodies, will not the burying beetles be looked for and their good work noted? And after one glimpse

of the rockchuck in the open, how fascinating becomes the story of its story that any of these pupils will now tell with animalife—a

tion. With that claw equipment for digging, which the rockchuck

possesses, how cleverly it constructs its underground rooms, how swiftly it harvests, and how safely it stores its food. But why is

it so scarce in the West? Because, besides the idle gunner, the coyote

and the weasel, which are its natural enemies, are numerous here. In

the East, where these natural enemies have been largely exterminated, its cousin the woodchuck is fairly common.

Does someone ask: "Why should I study these things? What

is there in it for me?"

nothing, except facts, instruction, wisNothing—absolutely

dom, safety; and, to certain people, beauty, truth, inspiration, and

religion.

But storytellers might observe that facts like these, founded on what has been observed, are better than bear stories, since rockchucks are often seen, and bears but rarely. Problem: Show that

the presence of rockchucks serves as a protection to sheep and poultry.

Secrets of the Wild Flowers To learn about the wild flowers was real fun. All were instructed to pick only one, and not to pull that one up by the roots.

With these flowers, each pupil made a nature book, preserving them in magazines till they could be transferred to a better press. Each

flower is put into a singlefolded sheet of newspaper, and let remain (here till it is dry. One whole newspaper, folded to the desired size,

is placed as a drier between each two plant papers. The drier is

changed daily, and laid out to dry, a fresh one being put in its place.

When we go through any field or region in which the weeds, wild flowers, trees, and shrubs are new, who docs not wish to know what they are? We desire to know the name, the use, or some feature

of the vegetation we pass by, especially the notable forms, such as trees, odd plants, and flowers of great beauty. These items, learned

quickly afield under a guide, with a few repetitions become permanent possessions, not readily forgotten. One soon feels at home among

these species, and each region containing them seems to be his own country.

Even this slight basis of plant knowledge trains the perceptive powers, cultivates accurate observation, leads to prolonged inspec834 IMPROVEMENT ERA

tion, and prepares one to understand what he reads about plants. It

is eyeopening work, enjoyed by scouts, school pupils, and perhaps by everyone else.

To know the more striking, useful, or harmful plants of surrounding fields and hills, seems very desirable. The question has

always been, How can it be done? The way is now known and the

gate is open. Such knowledge does not, however, mean the mere

picking and mauling over of a few conspicuous flowers, without scientific guidance, and with little or nothing explained. It is the

truth of things that makes them interesting and that leads to their profitable use. Field classes at first need a nature guide; but soon the

scoutmaster or the teacher can be the guide, referring to the specialist the unknown species and the new problems as they arise.

Dad

I used to dream of an artist Who could paint the picture of Dad,

Who could paint on his face that manly look

And the wonderful smile he had.

At last I have found the artist;

But the picture makes me sad He haspainted well the dear old face,

But he can't paint the soul of Dad.

And that's what makes him dear old Dad,

The pal of my work and my play,

The one who shared success and strife,

The old pal whom I miss today.

The sunlight is gone, and shadows

Have crept over land and sea, And the picture the artist painted,

In the darkness, I cannot see.

But tonight I see my dear old Dad,

Just like he used to be, And I did not need a painter's brush

To paint his face for me, For memory painted that picture

In the heart of a little lad.

Who prayed every night at his mother's knee,

That some day he'd be just like Dad.

Clifton. Idaho BEATRICE WILLIAMS

Something New From the Kaibab By Lora E. Pratt

populace of the world shed their cocoons of dark andTHEneutral colors and gather about them such harmonies as blend with the new season. Some will sail to foreign shores to

gay Paris, quaint old England, Gersearch for new old things—to

many, and through the crags and peaks of Switzerland, to sunny south sea islands, and so on around the world.

A great many millions will see America. A few of these will

seek the world of untrodden, undiscovered things that are unusual to our ways but vaguely suggestive of deep meaning and reality to another, past, age. To these few, who seek the unbeaten track,

the primitive path of my narrative will not be entirely without interest.

It was 8:00 a. m., July 11; the rush of packing for a twomonths'stay of trail making through the Grand Canyon was finished. With some relief we settled back in the car that was to

take us from Kanab to where the road ended, wherever that was.

Passing the first rising slopes of the Kaibab forest, we leave the scrub cedar for the scrub pine, and as the ascent reaches out to meet the higher altitude the giant yellow pines raise their heads from 70 to 150 feet into the blue. Thus we enter into the gateway of one

of the greatest forests in the world, the Kaibab. Kaibab is an

Indian name, it means "Mountain Lying Down."Indeed, this

mountain looks as though it were lying down, with its gigantic base to the southward.

At noon we stopped at the first evidence of human civilization, the V. T. Park ranch, on which is a hotel built for the tourist.

An hour later we took the road toward Point Sublime. Within

twelve miles of Point Sublime we took an old branch road towards the northwest and before the sun set reached an old swampy lake used by the wild cattle and deer ranging in this part of the forest.

Five miles below this we pitched our tents and prepared supper.

With the first streamer of dawn we were up. The world of

pine trees lay shrouded with mist and dew. We were camped on

the very rim of Swamps Point and below us, like a phantom of the night, stretched the great gorge of the mighty Grand Canyon of the Colorado.

That morning the trail work was to start. Into the walls of

the canyon was to be cut a fivefoot mule or packtrain trail to the 836 IMPROVEMENT ERA

bottom of Powell's Saddle and back up the other side of the canyon out on Powell's Plateau. The thick growth of underbrush, Mansanita and Lorbe Mansanita, that grow on the almost perpendicular

walls of the canyon, had to be gone through in order to survey; and

a level made on which they could make the least curves with a 20% slope trail. This took three days'time and in the meantime

I did a little surveying and seeking myself; that is, Doc. and I did.

We were out for something new and we found everything we were after.

As the sun rose on the fourth day of our camping out, it found two pieces of human clay, clinging, sliding and scratching through the brush that lined the first fifty yards of the wall of Powell's canyon. Slowly but surely we struggled on. When we reached the

Saddle, it was nearly eleven o'clock and the hot rays of the canyon heat, after the shade of the pines, seemed to cut through us. We had

given up finding something new or interesting when, upon making our way down what some old prospector, for some reason of his own, had called Datem canyon, we suddenly rounded an old jutting cliff and came face to face with what seemed to be a large hole in the side of the wall. On closer examination we found a heavy

black streak of iron ore running over the face of the rock and marks that clearly indicated the use of a pick and blasting powder. Heavy

quartz lay on the floor and lined the hole. We were not miners and,

knowing practically nothing of minerals, we could not determine whether this quartz was a rich gold quartz or not; however, from

appearances we decided this must be a gold claim; so we began

looking around for other relics or something to give us a clue as to who had been here before us. Between two rocks we found a tin

can, rusty and turned upside down; attaching some significance to

the can's being found in this position we looked inside it. Worn,

yellow and musty, dated some time back in 1800, was a filed mining claim. The name was old and blurred and hard to read. Perhaps

at that moment about the same thoughts were running through our minds: Who was this old prospector? What was his story?

Whence did he come? Why was a filed mining claim over what

we had found all that there was to tell of him? Silent and reflecting

over our find, we moved on. We had gone about half a mile,

perhaps, when we heard a faint roar as of gushing waters at a distance. Questioningly we looked around us. In front of us and

a little higher than where we were standing, was a heavy green thicket, too green to be on a dry slope. Working laboriously on, we

made our way to this spot. A tiny trickle of water, as from a spring,

ran down the embankment. With a pocket knife we cut the soft

SOMETHING NEW FROM THE KAIBAB 837

——-..iij,'M 5S*iaft?? '**

Top: Bright Angel Point, Grand Canyon.

Bottom: The "first evidence of human civilization"in the Kaibab.

rock around the side of the stream and suddenly, like a fountain, the water burst forth. It seemed that there must be some river or

838 IMPROVEMENT ERA

I lake feeding the stream and that the water was hidden under the mountain.

We had not particularly known what we were looking for when we started on this wild trip off the beaten trail, but we knew now that we had found and were finding something important.

Curiosity is an instinct which has done probably more for the world's advancement than anything else. It may be that this instinct does not

always turn out for the best, but at any rate most people are provided with a portion of it. It was curiosity that made most of our

finds and to us made our days worth while during our stay at the rim and down in the canyon. We decided to christen the spring,

"Queen Ann Spring,"mostly because we ate dinner there and, while enjoying some Queen Ann cherries, we were reminded that a very dear friend's name is Ann. Whether that christening will endure

or not I don't know; but it was always called that by the trail gang.

Following the cliff and winding down the canyon, we climbed and stumbled until we reached a huge cave. A shower had started

and we were feeling a bit exhausted by this time, and we sat there under Nature's shelter, much as her cliffdwelling people must have done during mountain showers. While here we picked out a spot

that looked very enticing, as it was shut in by a growth of oak trees, and after the storm had passed we broke trail to it. At one

point, as we came close to the ledge, a soft, murmuring roar, very much like the first we had heard when we found Queen Ann's Spring, came to our ears and, as we followed closely, the roar seemed to deepen until we could stand off a number of feet and hear it plainly, but we could find no opening. We had a drill with us and, as the

wall appeared to be but soft sandstone, we decided to drill into it and see if the water was close enough to reach. About an hour

later we had a small stream running, and before we left it had increased to about twice the size of the first spring. Whether the top

of Swamps Point, the east side of Datem canyon running south and the east side of Powell's canyon running north from the Saddle are but a shell, cup shape, with a lake spring beneath, or whether there is an underground lake of clear, pure water there, I do not know; but it is a very interesting thought.

Our day had been profitable thus far. We had descended to a

lower ledge, on our way back, and were only about fifty yards from the saddle when we picked up a stone about twelve inches by eighteen inches, which proved to be an old Indian grinding mill.

It was smooth and like the ones found in museums today. We decided it must have rolled down from above, so we climbed up about

four ledges, where we found several pieces of broken pottery. Here

SOMETHING NEW FROM THE KAIBAB 839

we came to a perpendicular wall jutting towards the top, at the foot of which were piled small round and square foundations about five feet in diameter. The cracks in the ledge had been stuffed with mud.

Digging some of the mud out, we found stored away both old corn and a few cobs. How corn could have grown, or where, I am unable

to answer. Perhaps in the age marked with Indian pottery, Indian

paints and agile, miniature people there was a tribe which found this place a safe and savage home, and out of its heart called the corn to bloom, and the rocks to raise shelter, until some other, stronger faction stood against them and left but this garbled story of a home and people.

So the days passed, and the trail crept on, making each day a new scene for those who go deeper into the wild country to find more to see and remember and to teach. On August the fifth we

moved camp from Swamps Point down into Powell's Saddle. A

good trail was cut to the first spring we found, Queen Ann's, and from there we got all our drinking water; then we made trail up the

floor of the canyon towards the north, to a natural spring, Powell's.

Perhaps of all the trails we cut, this was the most beautiful, for it was almost straight and was overhung by colorful oak and maple, trailing wild vines, and edged with wild flowers and shrubbery. It is a

natural boulevard; so pretty we called it "Lover's Lane."Then

upward swept our trail, a winding ribbon, writing defiance against the wild.

The sun rose spendidly out of the dawn on the 15 th day of

August. Climbing about a mile to the level of the plateau, we started

to cross that lonely looking piece of country. The whole flat surface of its head was covered with giant yellow pines. The wild life

was abundant; the whitetailed squirrel, known only to exist on

the Kaibab, whisked through the trees and scolded and chattered to us as we passed. The floor of the plateau was a velvet carpet of

green grass. We hiked twelve miles across it. The point on which

we stood is called Dutton Point. Here the plateau loses its pinetrees, and Mansanita and Lorbe Mansanita take their place, with a

scattering of sage brush. Looking down from this point, one gets

the most magnificent view of the whole canyon.

On our way back to camp that afternoon, we came to an old camp of one of our most important and interesting characters of the

West, Uncle Jim Owens. Uncle Jim is still living and may be found

either at the Bar Z ranch, helping the cowboys get along, or at some station on the mountain. This camp is a relic of the old days

of Uncle Jim Owens. Perhaps I should say the young days when

catching cougars, which were a menace to the cattle and deer, was his 840 IMPROVEMENT ERA

main sport. He would go into the wilds with his blooded dogs and

come back loaded with pelts and live cougars. His dogs would tree

the live cougars, and then he would lasso them and tie them. This

was a very dangerous job, but Uncle Jim was as fearless as he was kind hearted. The feet of the dead cougars he generally tacked

to a tree in camp. The old camp consisted of a number of these

landtrees, loaded with the remains of cougar feet and deer horns—a

mark of an early pioneer.

At sunset we reached the edge of the plateau again. As we

slid down between the boulders, the golden gleam back of us reflected from the peaks of the great Grand Canyon, turned the forest on the opposite side into a flame of fire and the old castle ledges became reflecting marble. There is something different in the formation of this

opposite wall, the top row of ledges is a cascade of coneshaped towers, each perfect in formation. In these walls are found sea animals.

The fossils that have been picked up in the rock on the trail are history, written by the hand of nature, of animals which are now extinct.

About a half mile from camp and very close to Queen Ann's

Spring and the cliff dwellings, is an Indian painting. Perhaps this

is the greatest of all our finds. It is a piece of art that has far outlived

its author and his people. The painting and all the pieces of

pottery I have found that are colored resemble very much the square

Egyptian style of painting.

The last night of our stay was like a great eternal terminal.

Doc. and I slipped out on the Point to watch the sunset colors. As

we stood there, thrilling with the beauty that flamed before us, the whole mountain plateau burst into color. It became a leaping fire,

while grey clouds rolled like smoke out of the depths. There was

a thundering roar; the red walls of Thunder River to the north of us

broke into flame, and then all the forest; and the mighty gorge of

the Colorado to the south shone with white statues and became a city of ghosts with only grey mist rising out of it. Terrified and

dumb we stood on the rim, thrilled with the beauty, awed by the terror of the unknown and mighty. Suddenly the storm broke, the

world became dark as pitch. Soaked and unable to speak, we got

back to the shelter of a tent that had been put up. That night the

thunder shook the very earth and many a sturdy pine tree sank beneath the flash of lightning.

The morning came clear, and we turned our faces homeward, towards civilization. Passing the scrub trees, we faced the beauty

of the painted desert and went on, over Purplesage flat, to the old vermilion cliffs that shelter Kanab.

Kanab, Utah Interpreting the Outof-Doors By Prof. Harrison R. Merrill, Brigham Young University

outof-doors, like all masterpieces of art, must have itsTHEinterpreter. Nature is so prolific, so prodigal with forms and

colors that one must have an eye and a mind capable of segregating the various pictures into artistic unities if one is to see the outof-doors in artistic proportions.

Those who go out and merely "look"will see a riot of color, a jumble of form, probably pleasing, but lacking that satisfying unity so necessary to the mind. It is true that God framed the landscape

with the blue sky, the rim of mountains, the froth of clouds in order that even the get something from the untrained—artistically—can

scene that is inspiring and uplifting; but, like Jesus in his parables,

he has kept his most delicate, his most intensely emotional views for the "seeing eye and the understanding heart."In other words, as

Photo by W. P. Cottam

The path to University Hill, B. Y. U., Provo, Utah.

842 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Mathew Arnold declares, "excellence is not common or abundant,"and that holds true of vision as well as of other things.

Artists, through long association with nature, careful study of form and color, have become the high priests of the outof-doors, the seers whose eyes have been opened to the inner beauties. Some men

and women are born with this uncanny sight which interprets instantly the inner kingdom.

Whittier, I think it was, said:

"Touched by a light that hath no name,

A glory never sung, Aloft on sky and mountaintops Are God's great pictures hung."

True, but some of his finest works are found in secret places under the very eyes of men. I have been astonished many times

when one of these seers has shown me, under my very gaze, a picture which resolves itself from the chaos surrounding it into a beautiful harmonic unity that has touched my very soul. My mother

was one of these seers and to me she will be forever blessed.

Recently I walked with one of these interpreters. We followed

an ordinary ditch filled with muddy water, lined with a riot of growing things. We came upon three girls enjoying the shadows

of the common willows and Cottonwood trees. The seer clutched

my arm. "Stop!"he commanded.

I was startled. I felt that I had stepped on hallowed ground.

"Look at that!"He pointed, and slowly, as the negative on a

developing film appears as from the invisible, a beautiful unity formed before my eyes. It was as if the soul of the picture shone

through.

I saw no longer an ordinary ditch, but an artistic stream; no

longer mere willows and wild rose bushes and cottonwoods, but greens shot through with light and shadow.

In other words, when I shut out the sky, the hill beyond, the behouses and fields beautiful as all of them below—as seemed—Iheld an artistic unity. A seer had allowed me to climb Mount Sinai

and to know that I had climbed it.

I have formed this rule of life: When a seer says come, I go,

for I know with him I can pass into the inner kingdom where artistic unities change my muddy ditches, my cement paths and common trees into paradises of beauty; and with him I can pass from

glory to glory.

Luminous Plants and Animals By A. O. Garrett, Professor of Botany, Alpine Summer

School, Brigham Young University

YOUNG man at the Alpine Summer School at Aspen Grove chopped up some maple roots for fuel one day last summer.

It had been raining for several days, and as a consequenceAthe wood was well soaked. He happened to pass his pile of wood

after dark, and found to his surprise that it was luminous in spots wherever the bark had been broken there was a greenish glow. The

combined glow was almost sufficient to permit one to read by it.

This phenomenon created some interest in camp, and naturally the question followed, "What is the cause?"together with the second

question, "What plants and animals are known to be luminous?"

These questions are not so simple as they appear to be. If we

were in the open more after nightfall, perhaps we would observe more of this luminescence from plants and animals; for the phenomenon is not so rare as the uninformed imagines. In fact, it is pretty

well distributed all through organic nature.

AMONG PLANT Life, we meet with it first among the bacteria tiny organisms so small that of the small ones it would take—those

125,000 placed side by side to make a line an inch long! In their

General Bacteriology, Frost and McCampbell say, "Some vegetables, such as potatoes, beans, etc., on decomposition may give off

light and show the presence of phosphorescent bacteria. Decomposing meats, particularly sausages and fish, also may be covered with

different species of phosphorescent bacteria. Fischer states that the

phosphorescence of the sea is due to the growth of saprophytic photogenic bacteria on dead sea animals and the subsequent washing off of these forms in large numbers by waves."At least twentysix

species of photogenic bacteria have been discovered. (As will be

seen later, the phosphorescence of the sea is due to a number of different organisms.)

Then the mycelia of certain fungi (particularly of toadstools and their allies), which grow in rotten wood, cause what is sometimes called "fox wood."This is sometimes quite common in the

timbers of mines and under the bark of decaying trees. (The

call themycelium of a fungus is really the fungus itself—what we

toadstool being its fruiting body only.) This was the organism

which caused the luminescence at Aspen Grove. The subject of

luminosity of these fungi is discussed at length in chapter V of

Cooke & Berkeley's Fungi. Here the experience observed at Aspen

844 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Grove is the luminosity is evident when the fungus is verified—that

alive and wet, and disappears upon the plant becoming dry.

Among the independent plants, one of the most interesting cases of luminosity is found in a moss that grows in dark caves. In

his book, Mosses with a Hand Lens, Dr Grout says of the

Luminous Moss: "The Luminous Moss belongs in a family all to

itself because of its numerous peculiarities. It is found in caves and

dark holes in the woods, sometimes under the roots of overturned trees. It has once been found under the sill of an old shed. On

looking into one of these caverns containing the Luminous Moss, the bottom seems covered with a goldengreen glow, somewhat like the appearance of a cat's eye in the dark. In order to see the glow, one

must look into the cave with the light behind him and care must be taken not to shut off all the entering light, as the Luminous Moss, like the moon, shines by reflected light alone. If one attempts to

gather the glowing substance he will find nothing but dirt and stones with possibly a few tiny plants. * * * The compound

microscope will reveal threads, * * * but the lens will show only a cobwebby appearance of fine green threads. This beautiful

plant is probably the reality upon which are based the fairy tales of goblin gold."

Among Animal Life, we find many more examples than among the plants. In fact, the phenomena of luminescence in animal

life extend in all the different groups of animals.

In the Protozoa, or onecelled animals, a great many kinds have the power of giving forth light. In his book, The Protozoa,

Gary N. Calkins says: "In the sea great areas may be colored orange,

red, etc., by incalculable numbers of Noctiluca (the Protozoan best

known for its phosphorescent effect), while at night their presence is indicated by brilliant phosphorescence, the light being due to the rapid exudation of a substance created by the organisms and thrown out by them upon irritation. In Puget Sound and in Alaska I have

seen hundreds of acres of the sea surface colored orange by Noctiluca militaris, although the single individuals are less than onefiftieth of an inch in diameter."In an article entitled "The Phosphorescence

of the Sea,"reprinted in Vol. 1 of the American Naturalist, pages

316 and 317, the statement is made that the phosphorescence caused by the Noctilucae occurs only when the water containing the animals is agitated.

Among the Coelenterates we have numerous luminous forms.

The freeswimming young of the limesecreting hydroids or Millepora are often brilliantly luminous. Other examples are found in the

seaanemone named Urticinia; in the singlecoral polyps; and in all

LUMINOUS PLANTS AND ANIMALS 845

the Alcyonarians. The latter group includes the seafans, seapens,

red coral, and especially one seapen found off the coast of Spain, which is noted for its luminosity. With few exceptions, all of the

Marine Worms are luminous: green, blue, white and yellow light

marking their movements under the sea. Among the mollusks, we

find examples of luminosity in the Boring Shells. One called Pholas

emits a bluishwhite light; one placed in honey retained its light for

over a year. Still another luminous mollusk is the seaslug called

Scyllea. A landslug called Limax has a luminous pore on its mantle,

while the eggs of another landslug are luminous for the first fifteen days. Several of the Squids (Celodora and Cranchia) are luminous.

We find abundance of luminosity among the Crustaceans. The

writer observed the luminosity of the waterfleas when looking at them through the microscope on a rather dark day. Certain marine

species are often responsible for the phosphorescence of the sea. Major

Owen said: "When these were taken, the sea was alive with them.

When swallowed by, or entangled with other creatures, they in their turn appear to be also luminous. They also give luminosity to the

water itself as it flows over them. When they are at rest, they gradually cease to give out light; but as soon as they are disturbed or in

motion, or the vessel containing them is shaken, they again become have seen the ship'sbright, even after many hours'confinement,—I

deck running with liquid fire when the net containing this species was taken on board."We find another example in Idotea phosphrea

of the fourteen footed Crustaceans; but perhaps the most remarkable

luminous Crustacean is the little Medtridia armata, a spidercrab that "exists in such quantities in the snow on the shores of the Arctic ocean that persons and animals appear to be walking in fire, the splashes of light presenting a wonderful spectacle. The light is of a

bluishwhite tint."The crab known scientifically as Cancer fulgens

is luminous.

At least thirtyfour kinds of insects are known to be luminous.

Perhaps the best known of these to us is the firefly. A gentleman up

in City Creek canyon, one day, last spring, observed the ground aglow with phosphorescence for a space of about an acre. He investigated, and found the ground was literally alive with some kind

of a "worm."The "worm"was the female and the young of the

firefly, or the glowworm. One of the most remarkable cases of

luminosity is found in one of the elaters, or snappingbeetles, found in the West Indies (Elater noctilucus.) It is said that the light of a

few of these insects has been used as a lantern. G. A. Perkins gives

an interesting account of them in Vol. 2, of the American Naturalist:

"The Cucuyo; or West Indian Fire Beetle."

846 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Even the vertebrates have examples of luminous forms; for we

have the Lampfishes, which have organs which look like pearl or glass buttons imbedded in the skin. These are luminous organs and

aid the fishes to light the dark recesses of the submarine work. The

entire head of another deepsea fish (Canlolepis Longidenis) glows with a palegreen light. Still another has a tiny lantern suspended

by a thread over its back.

All known examples of luminosity among plants and animals have not been given; but sufficient have been mentioned to show that

the question, "What plants and animals are luminous?"is one that

cannot be answered in a breath.

Provo, Utah.

In Crowded Places

Let me live in the crowded places,

Midst the throng of struggling men;

Let me carry my load of trouble,

Helping others now and then.

Let me find in the crowded places

Chances to serve mankind, Till the end of life's hard battle,

When we'll leave all cares behind.

Let me walk in the silent places,

When my soul is dull with care.

Let me find sweet rest and comfort,

When I kneel in secret prayer.

But let me live with the masses,

With the humble men of earth;

For there I find great treasures,

The richest joys of earth.

Durango, Colo. BESSIE BURNHAM

A Maid of Sixteen Summers By Jesse Theodore Simmons Timpanogos THEhike of July, 1927, was singular in many important respects. Eugene L. Roberts, the man who discovered "the Sleeping

Woman Mountain"for the world, has seen the sixteenth organized expedition go to the summit for what is counted to be the largest community outing in the world. A record crowd

of five thousand people attended the prehike program at Aspen Grove on the evening of July 16.

Dell Webb of Provo, who was an official for the big hike, made this count. This number

lacked just a few hundred of being double the number who attended the program in any one year in the past.

Leonard G. Hardy (upper left) 75 years of age, second By way of numbers

oldest man to make the climb. another record was

Jesse S. Harding (upper right) 77 years of age. oldest

man to make the climb. crushed. More than one

Six different states represented in group on auto. thousand hikers climbed

the winding trail that leads across the breast of Timpanogos. One thousand mountain

lovers scaled the great glacier of many winters'snows and beheld from the topmost crest of Timpanogos to the south and west the splendor of Utah lake and Utah valley, and to the north and east the glory of endless hills.

The crowd who made the climb was a varied and unusual 848 IMPROVEMENT ERA

group of mountain lovers. Old ones and young ones, large ones and

small ones, lean and had their place in the steady fat,—all

stream of hikers that poured from the Aspen Grove camp, from 1 o'clock on the night of July 16 until the same time on July 17.

Jesse S. Harding, of Vineyard, Utah, was the oldest man to

conquer the heights of Timpanogos, he being 77 years old the day he made the climb. It was his first trip to the top of Utah's wonder

mountain, but he said it would not be his last visit to this great mountain. Leonard G. Hardy, of Salt Lake City, 75 years of age,

was the second oldest man in the group to make the climb; and

Bishop Don C. Young, a prominent architect of Salt Lake City, was

the biggest man. Mr. Young is tall with considerable width to

correspond, but he, too, promised that the sixteenth hike will not be the last one for him.

More than half of the states of our country were represented in the long line of mountain trampers. Students from the three large

colleges of Utah, the Utah Agricultural College, the University of

Utah, and the Brigham Young University, were on hand with plenty of pep. A group of students from the University of Chicago,

led by Dr. Cole, as well as many other outof-state student and

tourist groups were included. It was a unique caravan of climbers

that formed the ziggag march across the east face of Timpanogos.

So the army of mountaineers climbed and climbed. And as

they climbed, they breathed the joy of nature.

This is the picture. Filing up the path from Aspen Grove, beginning at 1 1 o'clock and with a full moon, the mountain hikers

made the trail a lively one. A jovial atmosphere fused with the

flood of moonlight in such spendid fashion that no one could have doubted that the hiking life for Timpanogos was sixteen summers.

The leaders of the hike reached Emerald lake at the foot of the glacier at an early hour. The Sleeping Woman, Timpanogos, must

have been thrilled. The east sky was thinly painted and pale. Oh,

there was so much to see and to breathe! On went the hike—up,

up. The glacier was frozen and like jagged rock, and it was steep,

but on went the hikers. When the summit was reached by the

leaders, the east was gray. Slowly the fire of old Sol drowned the

flood of light made by the moon as it softly illumined the long trail except where the tall mountains cast their shadows. Then

dots of flannel and khaki could be seen to caravan along the serpentine path.

Then came a time for testing of the mettle of the stoutestthehearted mountain lover. The hikers must come down—down

was theglacier that had been so tedious to climb. To slide,—that

A MAID OF SIXTEEN SUMMERS 849

only respectable way in which the homeward journey over the glacier could be accomplished. There was no alternative.

So the hikers began to slide. Now if there is any truth in the

twentieth century adage that this is a thrillseeking age, surely the thrillseekers of Utah can find a glorious opportunity to indulge themselves on the Timpanogos glacier. The slide was eight hundred yards long and was done in record time by each slider. Many

of the hikers, who neglected to bring a piece of oilcloth on which to ride and who had but one pair of trousers, were in a rather embarrassing predicament, for the friction between the icysnow and the hikers'contact was most terrific. To all those who made the

descent thus, the glacier ride was counted to be the greatest sport of the whole hike.

Enough time has now elapsed to heal most of the serious blisters caused by the sixteenth annual Timpanogos hike. The mountain

lovers have long since filtered back to their homes in Utah and to the other twentyseven states from which they came for the greatest community hike of the world. It will be long remembered, even if

the hikers should never come back to another Utah mountain climb;

but the impressive part about a Timpanogos hike is that the hikers always come back. That is why the outing becomes bigger and

better every year.

Mountain Solitude

How pure, the snowwhite mountain crest

Above the valley's space!

How thrilling and refreshing is

The breeze that fans your face!

How green, the pungent pineclad hills

How vast the vale beneath!

How solemn and religious, like

A silent funeral wreath!

From tip of pine to crest of peak

From earth to eagle's crag From burrow of the woodchuck and

From creek or thorny snag

From all the mountain range there comes

Devotion, faith, and peace!

From heaven God sends happiness.

That nevermore shall cease!

Weston N. Nordgren

M. I. A. Contest Winners 1928

excellent work done by the various contestants in the finalsTHEat the June conference has already been commented on. It

earned for those participating the added recognition of having their names and pictures published in the Era. If space permitted,

all would appear. That being impossible, we are presenting names

and pictures of the winners of first place and the names only of those taking second place in contests in which young men participated.

North Davis stake group which won first place at the grand finals, M. I. A. Drama contest, 1928.

First row, left to right: Velma Major, William Bone. Second row: William

Dawson, Wilma Egbert, Ima Whitesides, Edna Sheffield, Diamond Adams. Third

row: Ralph Rampton, director; Myron Barber, Lester Obrien, Sterling W. Sill, Daniel

K. Brown, Calvin D. Corbridge, director.

Cache stake won second place with the following participants: Marion Everton,

George Evertor Miss Rose Maughan, Katherine Skidmore, Leslie Jackson, Newell

Stevens, Leward McKinney, David Morgan, Sarah Brown, Gerald Hanson, Lutie

Bancroft, Milton Johnson, director.

M. I. A. CONTEST WINNERS 1928 851

M Men Quartette, Cottonwood stake, winners of first place at grand finals,

M. I. A. contests, 1928.

Standing: Leonard Nelson, Leonard Berg, and Drew Pearson, all of Murray First

ward. Sitting: Helen Bennion, accompanist, Taylorsville ward, and Verl Jacobsen of

Murray First ward.

South Sanpete stake took second in this event with Joel Jensen, Ephraim South ward, Anthony Hansen, LaVar Isaacson and Earl Dorius, all of the Ephraim West ward.

The coach, Mrs. Bly Moody Beal, and the accompanist, Mrs. Amanda Bailey Cox, were

also from the last named ward.

852 IMPROVEMENT ERA Kemmie Bagley of Cottonwood stake won the M Men's public speaking, with

Varien Thurman of Blackfoot stake second. Brother Bagley's picture and speech appeared in the July number of the Era.

Parowan stake has the winning Male Chorus. Reading from left to right they are:

Front row: Ray D. Garner, E. Ray Lyman, Chas. J. Engar, conductor; L. N. Marsden,

Jr., and B. E. Whitney. Second row: Claude Orton, W. Warner Mitchell, Dean

Mitchell, W. Clair Rowley, Rulon Topham, and Rex C. Ward. Back row: Wilford

Durham, Howard Ward. Insert: Ada S. Watkins, accompanist; Victor H. Watkins,

I. E. Riddle, stake superintendent.

Personnel of the Oquirrh stake Male Chorus which won second place: Rider C.

Waring, conductor; Elise W. Baker, accompanist. First Tenors: H. Claude Anderson,

J. A. Donaldson. O. Millard Henderson, Bert Lewis. Second Tenors: Alma Baker,

Wm. A. Eckersley, John Herzog, Earl Hill. First Bassos: Angus C. Ensign, Walter

Inkley, James T. Miller. Second Bassos: H. Earl Day, J. Henry Johnson, A. J.

Kartchner, C. W. Poulton.

M. I. A. CONTEST WINNERS, 1928 853

Miss Terue Terazawa and Reginald Waincs, Sugar City, Idaho.

The dancing contest was won by a seventeenyear-old Japanese girl, Miss Terue

Terazawa, and a sixteenyear-old boy, Reginald Waines, both of Sugar ward, Fremont stake, Idaho.

Second place in this event was won by Victor Earl Madsen and Miss Ruth Anderson, both of Brigham City Third ward, Box Elder stake.

854 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Instrumental Trio, Liberty stake.

Liberty stake won first place in the instrumental trio, with Donald Cope, violinist;

Myna Price Davis, clarinetist; A. A. Selander, pianist and director, all of LeGrand ward.

Second place was given to Blackfoot stake. Ronald Bitten, violinist; Beth Stratford, pianist and Elden Miller, all of the Blackfoot Second ward.

Our M. I. A.

I stood at the gates of the temple.

As the M. I. A. throngs passed by,

All sons and daughters of Zion,

With ideals pure and high;

Choice spirits from God's own presence,

Learning to walk in his way.

To carry to each stake in Zion

The messages given each day;

That all of Zion's fair children

Shall know which course is the right;

With true wisdom, faith and action,

Choose the paths to Eternal Light.

West Jordan. Utah Ellen B. Richardson

The Knighthood of Youth By Ray O. Wyland, Director of Education, National

Organization, Boy Scouts of America

fellow countrymen, and brothersPRESIDENT GRANT, my in Christ: As I came upon this platform I breathed a prayer

that God would give me words of wisdom that I might speak to you a message which will help to further the splendid work that you have been doing and that you are now doing for the youth of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

I am exceedingly happy to stand upon this platform and to bring you greetings from the National Council of the Boy Scouts of America; and, if possible, to give you in part a vision of the

vitality, of the rapid spread, and of the effectiveness of the work of an organization which is great because other people throughout the world are manifesting the same definite interest, though probably not in so wide a degree, as you are here in Utah and throughout your magnificent Church in the work of this movement as a means of service to their boyhood.

Behold a modern movement of the knighthood of youth which enrolls in its membership each year more than a quarter of a million boys who never were Scouts before; a movement which,

in eighteen years, has enrolled approximately three million boys, and threequarters of a million men who have given volunteer leadership to make possible a larger service to the youth of the nation; a movement which, in the year 1927, had an enrollment of

about four million boys and 186,000 men; a movement which

reaches out into the open spaces to serve the boy on the farm with a LoneScout program, which he receives through the mail, through the LoneScout Patrols, which are carried on in the homes of the farmers (his neighbor boys gather with him around the fireside during the long winter months ); a work which reaches unto our

colored boys in the South, in a division which has recently been established with the colored youth of the nation! It is a program

which reaches into the life and thought and feelings of every class and type of people, of every political and religious party in the United

States, and is universal in its scope.

I do not know whether you can appreciate what fourmillion membership looks like. I cannot see that many people. The truth

of the matter is, I never before in my life looked into the faces of an

Address delivered at the Ninetyeighth Annual Conference of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. Salt Lake Tabernacle. April 6. 1928.

856 IMPROVEMENT ERA

audience so large as this. This is the largest inspiration that has ever

come into my life in facing a group of representative men and women.

But imagine, if you will, a group of four million boys and men. If

you would gather that great group of boys and men on Long Island and march them, in single file, across Brooklyn Bridge and up Broadway and along the Storm King Highway to Albany and to Buffalo, on to Toledo, Chicago, Omaha, Cheyenne, Salt Lake City and San

Francisco, when you had gathered two hundred thousand Scouts at the Golden Gate, at the Palace of the Legion of Honor, with a marching column three thousand miles across this continent, you would still have more than two hundred thousand on Long Island that had not yet crossed Brooklyn Bridge. That is the membership of a

movement, a crusade, a modern knighthood of youth that has spread throughout this land in the brief space of eighteen years, which adds to its membership a little more than one hundred thousand each year.

Scouting is not confined to America. In the eighteen years it

has been saturating this country, scouting has reached out to the civilized world, and today we have a membership in the other nations which totals about four millions. Fortythree of our leading civilized nations have national Scout associations. Every four years they

send representatives to the international jamboree, where a great concourse of boys (some fifteen to sixteen thousand) meet on the same common field, not a battle field, thank God, but on the field of friendly endeavor, to demonstrate the achievements of Scouting, in the fortythree civilized nations, which forms an international brotherhood, reaching out beyond the points of our motherland, and gripping the hand of our brother Scouts in our brotherlands around the world. These Scouts of all nations are learning to be brothers,

to understand one another, to respect one another, to sympathize with one another, and to look through the eyes of a brother Scout into the problems and lives and sympathies and rights of other Scouts and other nations the world around.

We believe that we are laying the foundation and furthering a movement of world brotherhood in this splendid, magnificent boy movement which has swept the nations of the world.

But Scouting is not confined to the fortythree nations. There

are Scout troops in some twenty or more other nations, where there has not been sufficient organization, as yet, to establish a national organization, but Scout troops are there organized and are carrying out their method of Scouting in their own way, looking forward to the time when they will be sufficiently strong to organize a national association and become part of the international fellowship of Scouting. So the sun, in all its course, never ceases to shine upon the

uniform of the Boy Scout of the nations of the world, and that is a

THE KNIGHTHOOD OF YOUTH 857

picture of this movement of Scouting throughout the world.

We have just produced a new handbook for boys, which went to the press in the first week of November, 1927. We ordered a

half million copies as the first part of a million order. The printers

were so much surprised at the size of the order that they looked into the record to find if any other order of its size had ever been given, and they found that it was the largest single order of any book or form that had ever been given to any publisher. We have already

sold five hundred thousand copies, and the other day, before he left New York for San Francisco, Mr. West placed an order for two

hundred thousand more copies of the new handbook, to satisfy a need that is evident within four months from the time that the book was given to the public. The old handbook went through thirtyseven editions in seventeen years, and three million one hundred thousand copies were circulated. There is only one other book in print

that has had as wide a circulation among the people of any civilized land as our handbook, and that is the Christian Bible, the circulation of which is many times more than that of our handbook, but we hold second place.

I have indicated these high spots in the power and influence and rapid spread of Scouting only to impress your mind with the vitality of this movement. You have been aware of the vitality

of the Church. I have also been aware of the vitality of the Church.

I have read several of the books on "Mormonism."I have been

impressed with your method of organization. I have been impressed

with your rapid spread. I have been more impressed by what I have

seen and felt here today than by anything I have ever read or seen of the vitality and power and onward sweep of the great Church of which you are a part.

I should like you to have a vision of the vitality of the Church and the vitality of Scouting tied up together in one union for the service of the youth of this nation. I should also like you to feel

the power that can be carried forward through the combination of religion in the life of adults tied up with the program of vitality in the life of youth, so that the leadership and the power and example of adults can be brought to bear and made effective in the life of youth.

Scouting vitality may be accounted for on three counts: First,

its appeal to the boy because of the great outof-doors that it brings into his life, the skill, the information, the fun and the fellowship and all that goes into it, and its romance and friendship that makes it appeal to the boy. Scouting vitality is accounted for

secondly on the basis of its appeal to men because of the physical benefits and vocational guidance, the clean reception, the clean read858 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ing program, the citizenship training, the character building, the initiative, the courage, the manhood and the recognition that bring into the lives of boys those principles which make reliable citizens.

There you have two appeals. But there is a third one, which many

people do not see, and that is the appeal which Scouting makes to the institutions which carry on this program as a part of their programs; for you must realize that Scouting does not go out to the

world to propagate itself. It is propagated by those who believe

in it, and those who believe in it and carry it forward, in a great majority of cases, are those who make up the churches of America.

It has been my responsibility and supreme opportunity to be the liaison between the Boy Scout movement and the churches of all states in this land, and I have had a delightful fellowship with men of all religions and all faiths and creeds and have been able to help tie into the program of the various church bodies the activities which

Scouting offers in better service to their boyhood.

We believe that Scouting has succeeded in America. We not

only believe but we know it has succeeded in America far beyond its success in any other country: so much so that we can match the

entire Scouting population of all the races of the world with our

Scouting population, because of the fact that the churches of America have taken Scouting and made it a part of their program in the service to youth. More than sixteen thousand of our twentyseven

thousand Scout troops are in churches. The church furnishes the

leadership; it furnishes the places in which to meet; it furnishes

supervision; it names the troops; it names 'the Scoutmaster, and the

local church controls the Scout program through its own leadership. They administer the leadership; they sponsor and carry on

that program. The Boy Scout movement has started out to carry

on a program gathered around a certain ideal, a beautiful conception of an soul; and that soul is expressed in the Scout oath ideal,—a

involved, and will make the movement live.

The churches of America have supported our movement because they feel that the soul of Scouting, as expressed in the Scout oath and law, is thoroughly in line with the objectives of the church.

For example, at the north pole of the Scouting compass, we have placed, duty to God; at the point of the rising sun, we have placed,

duty to country; at the point of the genial south, we have placed,

duty to our fellowmen; and at the point of the setting sun, duty

to self. And these are the words of the Scout Oath:

"Upon my honor I will do my best "1. To do my duty to God and my country, and to obey the Scout Law.

"2. To help other people at all times.

"3. To keep myself physically strong, mentally awake, and morally straight."

THE KNIGHTHOOD OF YOUTH 859

Between duty to God and duty to country, a Scout is trustworthy, loyal and helpful.

Between duty to country and duty to others, a Scout is friendly, courteous and kind.

Between duty to others and duty to self, a Scout is obedient, cheerful, and thrifty.

Between duty to self and duty to God, a Scout is brave, clean and reverent.

And there you have, swinging around the Scout compass, the sixteen points, beginning with duty to God, and coming back again to duty to God, in the twelve Scout laws. So the ideal of Scouting

and the objective and aim of the church are one. And so the church

has taken Scouting to its bosom to carry forward its program.

There are four or five reasons why the church offers the best home to the Boy Scout troops. I should like to name these and

further impress upon you the responsibility you have, as leaders of the church, to carry out in the lives of these boys in the church the spiritual program you have for your boys, and supplement the activities program which Scouting offers to them.

The church is the best home for a Scout troop, first, because it has the moral and spiritual atmosphere in which boys should grow up. As no other institution, it has the soul and spirit life which

surrounds the place and which surrounds the boy whose life centers in the church. Then again the church has the man power with the

right character, the right spirit, the right vision, who are worthy to be leaders of boys; and that character and that spirit and that vision

are more important to the boys than are all the skill and information you can ever get over through the Scout handbook or any other handbook you may find. In the third place, because of the spiritual

atmosphere and the right example of men, the church in the community has the confidence of fathers and mothers in the community as no other institution has that confidence; and, because of that, it

will have the support of fathers and mothers in a community as no other movement will have. In the fourth place, the church can complete in the lives of these boys a program of religious education

which Scouting cannot give. We deal with the great body of the

Catholic church and are officially represented in their circles, and our program is carried forward under the supervision of their cardinals, archbishops and bishops. We are represented also in about

thirty or forty of the protestant denominations in America, and our program is carried forward by them to their groups. We are also

represented in the Jewish groups of America by their committee, and so on. We cannot let the Boy Scout movement pass out anything

of a definitely religious program to these groups, but expect these 860 IMPROVEMENT ERA

groups to take up our program of activities and carry it alongside, and tie in with it, and bring to bear upon the lives of their own boys, the spiritual message, the spiritual ideals, the spiritual life, the religious life of the church of which the troop is a part.

But there is another reason why we want our Scouting tied into the church, and that is because of the thought, that no matter how effective a Scouting program may be in the lives of boys, we know it is a temporary program, which may serve the boy in the period of his youth and early adolescence, as he grows to manhood, but it is only a brief record. You know, if you take a man along

that period, ever so well, for two or three years, and leave him there without support and without foundation, without anything to help him to carry on, you have not done him any more service than if you started to carry a man across the country, to a town beyond, and lost him in the prairie or in the woods, or marooned him on a desert island. That is not helping a man to attain his destiny.

But what has the church? The church has a program that

ministers for the boyhood under its mother arm, that carries on through his growing period of life to manhood and maturity and old age and down to the grave. The church has a program that

ministers all the way along. Scouting is brief in its period with the

boy. If we can tie up Scouting with a boy, we will tie up the boy

with his church and with his God, and then this program will carry on in his life, and the church will be there to sustain and bless and support him to the end and out into the life to come.

One last word and I am through. I am happy to bring you

word that the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is using the Boy Scout program in a larger way than any other church in existence. I am happy to tell you that there are 846 troops among

the Latterday Saints; that you have a larger per capita of Scouts

in your membership than any other religious body on record. I am

happy also to tell you that, in the State of Utah, you have a larger percentage of Scouts in the boy population than any other state.

And I am happy also to tell you that the reason for this is because you have a closer tiein and community correlation with Scouting in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints than in any other church as a church body. You have absolutely correlated and

included Scouting with your program for young boys. I am happy

to say also that a large part of that success is due to the fact that you have had a leadership in your Church, in the personality of

Mr. Oscar A. Kirkham and Mr. Datus E. Hammond and other

executives, sponsored by your able President and members of the

Council of Twelve, sponsored also by your local bishops, and carried on by your local wards and stakes throughout this country, that

THE KNIGHTHOOD OF YOUTH 861

has given a volunteer and a loyal leadership and support that is unequalled by any other religious body in America. And I say that

because I know, because I study the records of all of them. I close

by saying that I pray God that, through our Lord Jesus Christ, the work of Scouting and youth in this Church may be carried on and live forever.

Friends in High Places Supplementing the words of praise found in the foregoing address by Ray O. Wyland, the Era is able to present to its readers the

following letter, which is selfexplanatory:

Mr. Hubert S. Martin,

Boy Scout Association, 25 Buckingham Palace Road, London, S. W. 1, England.

My dear Mr. Martin:

We are in receipt of your letter of February 27th enclosing copies of two letters addressed to you from Mr. F. M. Hoffman of Austria, inquiring whether Mr. Arthur

Gaeth is a properly accredited representative of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints in Austria.

We wrote to Hon. George Albert Smith, one of the Twelve Apostles of the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, who is directly in charge of the missionary work of the Church among young people, and have received a letter, dated April 25, 1928, in which Mr. Smith makes the following statement:

"We have no one working in Scouting under our direction in Austria appointed by this office, but we do have missionaries in Germany, Austria, Switzerland and in all the European countries who have been Scouts in this country. They know how valuable

the Scouting program is to a growing boy.

"We would be glad to have our young men in Europe look after the boys who belong to our Church and assist the boys of other churches, if desired: but where there

is no regular Scout organization, it is difficult for them to contact with some indivduals who are in charge over there. Not only is it difficult in Austria for our people to function

as they would like, but we are also having difficulty in Norway. I am enclosing for

you a copy of a letter from Norway that will explain itself.

"Wherever our missionaries are working in Europe there will be those among them who will be glad to assist in developing the Scout program for the benefit it would be to the boys. These missionaries remain only a short time—two or

are replaced by others. If it were possible for the Scout organizationsyears—when they three

across the sea to understand the good that would be derived by their boys if our earnest and capable young men were permitted to work with them in Scouting, something worthwhile would be accomplished."

I am enclosing a copy of a letter from President Lorenzo W. Anderson of the

Norwegian mission. You will gather from this letter and from the statement by

Mr. George Albert Smith that our friends in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints are having some difficulty in getting the cooperation of the Scout organizations in the various European nations. We can fully understand how this would

occur in any country where strong religious prejudices exist. We are sometimes

handicapped with a similar situation here in America.

862 IMPROVEMENT ERA

I am very happy to report, however, a most successful cooperation with the leaders of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints here in America. Here

it is our policy to have each religious body accept the Scout program as it is and promote it among their constituency as a supplementary program to the established program of the Church. On this basis all religious groups are using the Scouting

program with a large degree of satisfaction to themselves and with great benefit to their boys. For a number of years a majority of the troops registered with the Boy Scouts

of America have been church troops and there has been a slight increase in this "majority during the past five years. It is interesting to note that the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints leads all other churches in the high percentage of its boys who are registered with the Boy Scouts of America. Likewise, the state of Utah, where a

majority of the population are affiliated with this Church, leads all other states in the percentage of boys who are Scouts.

We are convinced that there is no other church which has given more intelligent and effective supervision to its Scout troops than has been true of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints. Moreover, we have not met anywhere in our church relations a finer group of men than are found among the leaders of this Church.

We hope that you will convey this information to the Scout officials of European countries who raise a question as to the opportunity for cooperation with this Church and its leaders. Any good word that you may speak for these splendid people we will

greatly appreciate. If you desire further information, we hope you will not hesitate

to ask for any that we have or can secure for you.

With hearty good wishes, I am Cordially and sincerely yours,

BOY SCOUTS OF AMERICA J. E. West,

Chief Scout Executive.

Scouting and the Farm Boy

Under date of July 6, Oscar A. Kirkham, Associate Regional

Executive, Region 12, received a signed copy of agreement on the cooperative working plan between the Boy Scouts of America, Department of Rural Scouting for Region 12 and local Boy Scout

Councils of Utah, and the Extension Service Department of the Agricultural College of Utah.

Commenting on this achievement, Mr. O. H. Benson, director

of the Department of Rural Scouting in America, makes the following statement: "This makes Utah the first state to have completed

the statewide cooperative agreement with the Boy Scouts of America and the State College of Agriculture. I am glad that this has

been completed and hope that we can work up similar plans in other states."Mr. Benson continues:

"Most of the books, articles and programs, written for boy needs and about boys are based upon surveys, studies and investigations about boys and urban and town environment; likewise, most of the service and leadership of our boyhood has been

given to urban groups. Efforts have been made by special leaders and educators to

study rural boys, but here, much of the effort has been wasted because we have approached the new field in an old way by trying to prove that rural boys are like the

SCOUTING AND THE FARM BOY 863

city boys, or 'all boys are alike,'and often leaders have approached the problem with bias and would try to prove that what they said, wrote or advocated is true. Our aim

is to stimulate thought, study and consideration on the part of those who are honestly seeking understanding of the rural boy as a basis for safe procedure in program making and leadership of farm boys.

"Free or leisure time of farm boys is made up of hours when the boy may 'do as he pleases.'This free time represents many hours during a year. They come at

irregular intervals, such as rainy and stormy days, between chores, odd moments at noon or meal time and free time given as an award by parents for 'well doing;''having a

job finished ahead of time,'or time off between haying or husking, or time between rush periods. These periods come at different times, due to a diversity of farm enterprises engaging the time of the farmer and different climatic conditions in the states.

This 'off time'affords a splendid opportunity for camp time and Scout advancement.

Evening hours at home, undisturbed by city influences, make for some of the best available 'free time'for Scout training. Every farm boy in Scouting should make much

of his home or family circle for Scouting. Get the whole family interested in Scouting."

The foreword in this program of cooperation gives the general purposes and scope of the work.

"In view of the fact that the ultimate aim of both cooperative agencies is to render helpful services to all farm families and to develop a better and more efficient rural citizenship, all work with and for farm boys should develop better character, greater citizenship, more farm contentment and happiness through trained men and an adequate income. "The officials in charge of the work representing Rural Scouting and 4-H Club work believe that a greater number of farm boys may be reached and the boys given a broader and better training by adherence to this program of cooperation."

A detailed program is being sent forward to all Scout leaders and 4-H Club leaders in the State of Utah.

My Genius

When I can tell you what I feel,

In words and smiles and deeds,

When I can glimpse your heart's ideal

And comprehend its needs;

Be it in verse or text or song,

Or daily things I do, When I can break convention's thong

And bare my soul to you, I shall have found my genius then

Amid the world's unrest;

For genius is the soul of men.

Unfettered and expressed.

Mesa, Arizona BERTHA A. K.LEINMAN

The Power of Personality By Herbert D. Brown

KNEW a young man, a number of years ago, who was living in

I a smallHe townhad beenin onebornof andour reared"Mormon"in thecommunities.Church, educated in

a Church school, had filled a mission, and was holding a position of honor in the ward where he lived. He was very energetic, perhaps

too much so; whatever he started to do you might be sure would

be thoroughly done. But, as is the case with many of our young

men, the consciousness of his ability caused him, at times, to feel that he could have done things just a little better than they were being done by the bishop or others. Nevertheless, David was a good

young man.

A trivial personal difficulty arose between him and his bishop which, through foolish pride and stubbornness, grew into a serious feeling of bitterness, and at a ward conference David voted against the bishop and, as a result, was publicly reprimanded by the president of the stake for this action. This hurt his vanity to such an extent

that he resigned his ward position, sold his home and moved away.

Locating in a town, where there was no ward organization, he went into business with a man who was not a member of the

Church. David prospered financially and made many friends, some

of them none too good morally. As he had no opportunity of attending his Church duties, he allowed his energies to be turned

in the opposite direction and soon became a member of a club where card playing was the chief occupation. This led to smoking and

drinking and it was not long before he was spending all of his spare time at the club and saloons.

Three years went by and David gradually became more careless, and dissipated in spite of the earnest remonstrances of his friends.

During all this time, however, the consciousness of wrongdoing was drawing at his heart, but his stubbornness was too deepseated to permit of any change.

One Sunday morning he heard that a meeting was to be held for the purpose of organizing a ward in the town, and, out of curiosity more than anything else, he was one of the congregation which filled the hall.

The presiding officer was a man of vast experience and mighty faith. Though David did not know him personally he had heard

enough to know that this was a man of God.

After the prayer, and while the congregation was singing the

THE POWER OF PERSONALITY 865

second song, the president stepped from the stand, walked down the aisles to where David sat and tapped him on the shoulder, saying, "I want to see you out in the hall."David was so surprised that he

walked out automatically, wondering what it was all about. As he

stepped into the hall the president turned to him and said: "I am

going to organize a new ward here in a few minutes. I want you for

one of its officers. If you take the place you know what you will

have to do. You have thrown away three years of your life and I

don't need to tell you whether you have been right or wrong. I am

a man of few words and am going to give you five minutes to think it over."David was dumbfounded. Several years of his past life came in

review before him. He saw what the Gospel had done for him and.

what he had been doing in return. It seemed hours that the president's eyes were looking through him before he heard the words,

"The time is up. What is the answer, yes or no?"The answer

finally came, "Yes,"and the two walked back into the room and upon the stand.

I met David again a few years later. We walked down the

street together. As we passed the club and the saloon where he used

to spend his time, I asked how he had managed to overcome his former habits. He laughed and said: "Oh, it was no trouble. I have

never been inside one of them since; I have been too busy for such

things. Do you know, when I stop to think of what that president

did, it is really funny. I believe there is not another man on earth who

could have persuaded me to do what he did. But when he looked

into my eyes, there was no need for words. I knew what God wanted

me to do. The president's personality was so overpowering, so masterful, that I knew I could not do anything else. I have met many

men in my life, and as you know I have a strong will of my own, too strong, perhaps, but never before nor since have I experienced the feeling I had during that five minutes out in the hall with that servant of the Lord. I know how the Prophet Joseph felt when

the angel told him what he was to do during his lifetime. No matter

what happens to me in the future, I shall always know that I was called of God to that position. It has made a man of me, and has

made me try to develop the same personality as the president had that

Sunday morning. Oh, yes,"he added, "did I tell you that I am

leaving for Europe in two weeks, to fill another mission?"

Ogden, Utah.

Sandy By J. A. Washburn

"Ah, come on, Sandy. They can get Basin with its scattered villages nestling

along. Your dad'll let you go. Come on!"among the hills. The mountain on the

"It's no use,"the boy replied, shaking opposite side of the canyon was dotted his yellow head emphatically. "It's no with patches of purple and gold, marking

use. I can't go now. The foreman has the early path of Jack Frost, while the

brought one of the herders in, sick, and Bah! Bah! Bah! of the flock wa9 wire-

I've got to help with the sheep till he can lessed across as the sheep sauntered to find another. It's duty before pleasure, the bed ground.

you know, fellows.''And what good Scout Sandy breathed deeply of the bracing

can deny that? air as he scanned the scene. "What a

So, Troup 9 with Scoutmaster Mac, wonderful old world!"he thought. "Blue

began their journey toward the canyon. skies, and mountains, and trees,,"and—

They were a glum lot, the members of "Hey, Sandy,"yelled Rass from half troup 9, as they moved away. The joy of way down the mountain. "That aint

the trip was gone, for Sandy was the life camp, its down by them sheep.

of the crowd. It was dark when they reached camp.

"Maybe I'll come later,"he called to Old Spooks, the sheep dog. greeted them

them. "The herd is not far from the with a succession of bark9 and whines.

lake, and, if I can, I'll come over in a "How have ya minded the flock ya few days,"he waved with little enthusinoisy houn'?"asked Rass. "Did ya leave

asm, and they were gone. To see them go the varments to look after 'em? Sandy,

without him was a test not given in the you start a fire while I walk around a hand book. bit."He disappeared into the darkness

You never can tell what is in the future. to return a few minutes later.

The best laid schemes of mice and men "Good work, Spooks!"he commended.

often go wrong. The poet who suggested "The bells is all here anyhow: but it's

that didn't mention Scouts but they were too dark to be sure about the black's."

included just the same. And, so, it hapTwice during the night Rass crawled

pened that Sandy had to stand on the out to investigate troubles on the bed street corner and see the boys leave for ground. The sheep were restless and he

their late summer camp at Granddaddy had to fire several shots before they finally

Lake. settled down.

But, sometimes, fate is not unkind. A "Prowlers,"growled the man as he

catastrophe may breed blessings. Jonah was rolled in for the last time. "They're

swallowed by a whale only to be coughed troublesome these nights."

up on dry land. Jacob, fleeing from Next morning they were up and had

the wrath of his brother, found a sweetbreakfast early. One of the black sheep

heart by the well of Haran. was missing which meant that any number

The crisp September breeze whistled might be gone with it.

through the pines as Sandy and the fore- "You foiler 'em, Sandy,"said Rass, man jogged single file along the winding as the last of the herd left camp. "Just

trail. Just before sundown they reached stick 'round where ya can see 'em. About

the top of the high ridge. The air had noon they'll settle down, then you can

become cooler, and in the north fleecy come and get some dinner. I'm goin'

clouds were drifting across the sky. Away to look for the strays and call on herd

to the east might be seen the Uintah No. 1 down the canyon yonder; but I'll

SANDY 867

be back before night."Then he rode out still he was alone. Alone with Spooks, the

tracks! They of sight among the trees. sheep, and—those pesky

Sandy spent the day as directed, watchwere everywhere; on the ground, in the

ing the sheep, climbing mountains, buildfire, the tent, he simply could not get ing fires (which he was always careful them out of his mind. He had never seen

to put out), surveying the country through a cougar; but he had heard his father tell

field glasses, and, on the whole, having about them; how they could carry off

a most enjoyable time. Soon after sunsheep, calves, and colts. Anyhow, just the

down, Rass returned but brought no sheep. name and the tracks were enough.

Together they counted the "markers."All It must have been near midnight when

the bell sheep were there, and strange to he gave up hopes of Rass. The sky was

say, all the dark with clouds, and the jerky light of blacks—he had picked up the

runaways during the day. the campfire threw dismal shadows among

The second night passed with little the trees back of the tent. He took the

trouble. Next morning Ras9 left for town rifle, threw a shell into place, filled the

for provisions and to bring back the new magazine and buckled the belt around him.

herder. Sandy spent the day much as be- "He'll never get a lamb, Spooks, as long

fore. Toward evening he noticed Spooks as these bullets last!"he said confidently

intently sniffing the ground. A careful to his companion. "I guess we're doomed

examination revealed a track. It was like to stay alone, so here goes."Screwing up

a dog's track, but larger. The animal his courage, he walked along the hillside

had recently gone along the ridge just above the sheep. They were resting peaceabove camp. fully. There was not a sound save the

"There's no dog can make a track as big sighing of the wind through the trees and as that, Spooks,"he said. "Of course not, an occasional tinkle of a sheep bell. Rebut I know what it is. I'm sure he was near turning to the tent, he fixed the fire and

rolled in, boots, gun and all.camp last night—its a mountain lion."

Spooks doubtless agreed, but he just sat He finally fell asleep still clutching the there and sniffed the air. Sandy wasn't gun. How long he had slept, didn't matafraid, but he was glad Rass would be ter, for something had happened. He was

back before night. not sure just what, but Spooks was making

By sundown the flock was at camp. the night hideous with his yells and the

Sandy counted the "markers"and was resheep were stampeding up the hill. The

lieved to find all present. He built a fire first Sandy could remember, he was trying

and prepared supper, but Rass failed to to round them in, shooting in all directions appear. He became a little nervous, not and yelling louder than the dog.

that he was afraid, for he had camped An hour passed and most of the sheep alone it was different tonight. were back on the bed ground again. Rebefore—but

He ate a few bites and meted out a genfilling the magazine, he prepared to enerous portion to Spooks. It was pitch circle the herd. Below camp, a hundred

dark and Rass had not come. But, of yards or so, was a small patch of willows.

neared the spot something attractedcourse, he would come before long—deAs he

layed a bit in finding the new herder. his attention. It proved to be a dead sheep.

Sandy replenished the fire, whistled, Near it were many more. It was getting

the finding he light and had no trouble his voice seemedsang a little—though there invader. Sure enough, of the cracked, talked to Spooks, and trackssomewhat

tracks. tried to think; but his thinkbox was out they were—the big dog

of commission. He wondered what his Returning to the tent, he prepared and

pals were doing over at Granddaddy Lake. ate a hasty bite; then, sat down to think.

He surely would have liked to be with For some cause Rass had been delayed and them. might not be back before night. What

It seemed that hours had passed, and, should he do, follow the beast, or wait 868 IMPROVEMENT ERA

until someone came? If he waited, chances ended and he found himself in front of

were in favor of the lion—he might soon a hole leading back among the rocks.

be out of reach. If he followed imSpooks growled furiously and Sandy stepmediately, there was a possibility of at ped back to a safe distance. The hole

least seeing him. While he had no parproved to be a small cave caused by a fault

ticular hope of killing the animal, a few in the mountains. The animal's tracks

random shots'would probably scare him were plainly to be seen in the little patches away. Another thrilling thought was takof sand, as he had taken refuge in the

relate cavern. What was to be done? Sandy ing shape—what an adventure to

to his brother Scouts when he met them could never wait until the lion came out, again! for it might be hours and the sheep must

"Tough luck, Spooks,"he remarked to be looked after. On the other hand, it

the dog. "All these sheep killed and the would never do to take a chance on leavlossmurderer at large."ing without him—it might mean the

"So it is,"wagged Spooks. "If you of more sheep.

had shot at the lion instead of at everything "There is no time like the present,"he else, you might have got him."thought.

The last of the sheep were leaving the The next moment he was peering into ground, so, shouldering his gun, he folthe cave. Spooks growled and showed his

lowed. He observed that the cougar had teeth. Sandy threw a rock into the darkgone down the canyon, the tracks were ness, but there was no sound save the

plain enough now. More than that, there echo. Cocking the gun, he edged his way

were lines along the trail first on one into the hole, the dog close at his heels.

side, and then on the other. He had There was not a sound and nothing in

actually carried off a sheep. Sandy felt his sight. The cavern grew darker and darker,

heart hammering against his fifth rib. as he advanced. A little further, his foot

toSpooks sniffed the air and whined. struck something soft—his knees smote

A quarter of a mile below, the gulley gether and a sickening feeling possessed narrowed to a deep gorge about seven feet him. It proved to be the remains of the

wide with perpendicular sides. The lion dead sheep. He was about to move on,

had gone straight across. Sandy detoured when,

and came out in a little ravine some dis- "G-r-r-r-r-r!"the darkness and terror of

tance below. He soon found the trail again the cave roared at him.

which wound hither and thither among His head struck the stones and he was brush and over rocks. Half an hour passed nearly blinded, while his whole frame

and he reached the top of a ridge. The shook from top to toe. Spooks turned

tracks headed down the other side toward demon and filled the cave with his barks a bluff. He examined the gun to be sure and yells as he dashed up and down past

that everything was ready. the terrorstricken boy.

"Thump! thump!"his heart pounded Out of the darkness peered two green

and a freezy feeling ran up and down his eyes not fifteen feet away. Automatically,

back. The trail became dangerous as he Sandy raised his gun and fired. The tumult

proceeded along the ledge among great increased and the stifling air became boulders. thick with dust. Stiff with terror, he

"Woof! woof!"The knock at his leaned against the wall, and felt his strength

fifth rib suddenly stopped and his hair give way as he slipped to the floor.

went straight up. He whirled and threw * * * *

the gun to his shoulder. It was only Soon after sunup Rass rode into camp

Spooks coughing up a spear of grass which with Bill Sweaney, the new herder. Tohad lodged in his throat. gether they unpacked the animals, pre-

"Don't do it again,"gasped Sandy, "or pared and ate breakfast.

you'll surely get shot.""What's that down by the willers,

A little farther on the trail suddenly Bill?"asked Rass.

SANDY 869

"Sure, and it's some dead sheep,"ancould stuff that lion hide with something swered Bill, and the two men hurried to and make it stand up like it was alive?"

the spot. In an instant the trained eye of Bill looked at the boss and winked.

the foreman detected the source of trouble, "Can we? begosh, an'I can make him

and, at the same moment, noticed that walk. Just you leave it to me,"he

Sandy's tracks were on top of the cougar's laughed.

trail. At four o'clock p. m., Rass and Sandy

"The fool kid has follered him,"exstarted for Grandaddy Lake, driving a pack claimed Rass. "Bring the guns, quick. mule. In every direction spread the great

We must overtake him before he gets forest of pines yet untouched by the hand hurt."of man; while above them towered the

The men hurried down the canyon. snowcapped peaks of the Wasatch range.

They had little trouble keeping the trail, After an hour and a half's ride, they so lost no time in the chase. In half the halted on a flat just above the timber

time Sandy had used, they reached the line. Taking out his glasses, Rass surcave just as Spooks came bounding out. veyed the country. To the north, were

Rass took in the situation at a glance, streams tributary to Bear River, which and plunged in, followed by Sweaney. found their way to Bear Lake and, thence,

Choked with dust and their eyes unacto Great Salt Lake, America's Dead Sea.

customed to the darkness, they were comOn the south, were the waters which pelled to wait a moment. All was as helped to form Duchesne, Green, and Colosilent as the tomb. By the aid of matches rado rivers, flowing toward the Pacific.

they grouped their way farther in. At Below them, and a quarter of a mile to

last they came to Sandy. He looked bethe west, spread the crystal surface of

wildered as the men turned his face to the Granddaddy Lake. Dismounting, they took

light. off part of the pack, after which Sandy

continued the journey alone leading the "Ya blunderin'blatherskite of a knowpack mule.

nothin'!"roared Rass. "What in thunder "Listen!"cried Lynn Jones suddenly,ya doin'here? Didn't I tell ya to mind as half a dozen boys strolled in. The

the sheep? Instead of that, ya go folScouts were all attention.lerin'lions down their hole. I've a good

mind to leave ya here, for ya ain't safe From far up the mountain side among to turn loose in town. No one but a lunerthe pines came the shrill yelp of a coyote.

tick would do a fool thing like this."Immediately, it was answered by another

"He killed some sheep,"groaned Sandy. along the shore of the lake. "Who's out?"asked Lynn, surveying "Sure, and it's a wonder he didn't kill

the crowd. you, too,"said Bill.

"Only Mac,"answered George Powell. Sandy crawled out of the cave while the

"That might have been him down bytwo men followed dragging the cougar.

is the the timber?"lake, but it up in who he was-, too, nearly seven feet, beautyA

it's suggested likely Sandy,""Most Tad tip to tip.

Andrews. "Listen, I'll answer them!"and he pro-

"Rass,"said Sandy as they were eating ceeded to imitate the call of a coyote.

dinner. "I think I'll go over to GrandFrom somewhere in the distant moundaddy Lake this afternoon, now that Bill tain top, came the faint but clear answer.

has come to stay with the sheep."The boys held their breath. This was a

"Any ole time ya like,"was the anthird one, but farther away.

swer. "I'm at your service. Ya can take "Try it again!"urged Lynn.

the hull camp if ya want to."This time it was answered from a few

"I just want you and a fresh mutton."hundred yards up the mountain.

continued the boy. "Do you think you 'He's coming, whoever it is,"said

870 IMPROVEMENT ERA

George as Sandy appeared in an opening This he repeated several times, then all among the trees. listened. From somewhere near the snow-

"That's the most excitement we've had banks, far above them, came a dismal ansince we came up here,"said Tad as they swer followed by one half way up the all greeted Sandy. "I'm just dying for mountain in another direction.

something to happen.""Two of 'em,"cried Mac. "I wonder

"I'll bet you would die if something how many more? I'll bet they make a raid

did happen,"observed Mac, who came in on some sheep camp before morning."

carrying a string of trout. An hour or more passed and everybody

"Ha, ha,"laughed Lynn, the torment. was in bed and quiet. Assuring himself

"Did you see him grow white around the that the boys were all asleep, Sandy caregills, and his knees shake?"fully crawled out, collected all the guns

"Oh, shucks,"retorted Tad, "who'd be and removed them to a safe place; then

scared of a coyote? Didn't I catch one in started toward the timber. Some distance

a trap list winter?"from camp, he heard the hoot of an owl.

"Of course, nobody would be afraid of He answered it and received another in a coyote in a trap,"jeered George. return. In a few moments he and Rass

"Hello, what's that?"Mac stopped were planning together.

suddenly. It was the call from the top of "Say, he looks like a real, live lion.

the mountain again. "That's a real Bill sure made a good job of it!"excoyote,"he continued. "Sounds pretty claimed Sandy as he again viewed the

lonesome, don't it?"stuffed hide of the cougar he had killed

Sandy smiled. He was sure it was Rass, that morning, and which Rass had brought

not a coyote, that they heard. with him. "Now, we must get it down

The supper that night was no small near camp where they can find it. I hope

spread; crisp, brown trout fried in butter; Tad sees it first!"He chuckled at the

roast potatoes, and fat, tender mutton, thought.

spitted on sticks before the fire. Every Carrying the monster down, they placed

fellow did his duty. him in a little clearing not more than

"Saw a cougar track today,"informed twentyfive yards from the fire.

Mac. "He crossed the stream at the north "Now, kid, you hike back to bed,"

end of the lake not more than two days ordered Rass, "and when things get lively ago."around camp, be sure there ain't no

"Gee, I'd like to see one."The imshootin'."

petuous Tad was all excitement. "Don't worry about that, I've already

"The track'd be enough for you, all hid the guns,"assured Sandy. "Rememright,"laughed Lynn. ber, Rass, you are to make it hot for Tad.

"I didn't mean a track,"corrected Tad. He wanted to see a live cougar, and we got

"I mean a real, live cougar."to show him one, see?"The boy hurried

"Believe me, I ain't lost any cougars,"back to bed to await developments.

ejaculated George, "and what's more, I'm Rass Marshall was a purebred mounnot hunting any with a twentytwo."taineer. Early in life he had become a

"Pshaw,"scoffed Tad, "there's nothshepherd, and for a number of years past ing to be afraid of about cougars. They'll had been the foreman of Andrew Phillips'

not fight unless you get 'em cornered."herd. His life had, therefore, been spent

"It's about bed time,"remarked Sandy, in the mountain, and unconsciously he had after they had discussed plans for the morbecome acquainted with the calls and habits row. "Wonder what our neighbor is of every animal native to that section. He

doing up there in the mountains. Believe had taken a great liking to Sandy because

I'll give him a call!"Cupping his hands of the boy's courage and dependability,

around his mouth, he uttered a succession and after the stirring events of the morning of shrill yelps ending in a prolonged howl. had fallen wholeheartedly into the scheme

SANDY 871

for providing some excitement for the boys Creeping unobserved toward them, he got camped at Granddaddy Lake. within a few feet of the boys as they were

Tlje cougar skin stuffed with weeds and pulling on their shoes. Shaking the

grass, and with sticks to hold it up, was a willows, he growled ferociously. Tad

perfect though harmless specimen. It was landed ten feet away, while Lem said some

sure to create a stir in camp when disunbecoming things. Just then the cougar's

covered. Expectant as a boy, Rass took cry was repeated on the opposite side of

his station near the cougar, and immediatecamp which brought everybody back ly things began to happen. Several times around the fire in various stages of

he emitted the cougar's shrill cry, the dressing.

echoes vibrating across the lake and end- "The woods are full of 'em,"groaned ing in the distance. Sandy, watchful in Tad. "Where's the guns? A twentytwo'd

camp, saw Mac turn over in bed, while be better than nothing."

Tad sat up and stared into the darkness. "Yes, where are they?"asked George.

"Sandy, Sandy,"whispered George, his But a thorough search failed to bring them bedfellow, as he nudged him in the ribs to light.

with his elbow. "Sandy, did you hear that "That's strange about the guns,"renoise?"marked Mac. "They were all here when

"What noise?"Sandy yawned and we went to bed, for I saw some of them

rubbed his eyes. Tad had lain down and standing against that tree. I wonder if

his head. this timecovered up most By saying, he was somebody from—,"of were were them awake and some an unmistaksit- thoughtfully, when he caught

ting up. Again they heard the sound able wink from Sandy's eye. "Spooks,

which seemed farther away and in another spooks, as well as cougars, they've carried direction. off the guns,"he finished.

"What is it?"asked George.

"I don't know,"answered Mac. "It The discussion was suddenly interrupted

sounds almost like a child's scream. It's by the yelp of a coyote not more than

pretty close whatever it is."a hundred yards along the shore of the

! '"I've heard informed 'em say,"Rob

'gasped lake."Cougars—spooks—coyotes like "that lionSmith, sounds a mountain

I wonder? Where dida child crying."Lynn. "What else,

"Where is Tad?"asked Lynn. "He the blamed things come from all at once?

wanted to see a live cougar and now's his We're completely surrounded by 'em."

chance.""We'd better build up the fire,"sug-

"There he is, in bed with his head gested Sandy. "Tad, I'll bet you're afraid

covered up,"someone said, and the boys to go out and bring some wood!"he

proceeded to drag him out. Once more bantered.

on your life,"agreed Tad.the screams rent the air—this time not "Not

more than fifty yards away. Tad jumped "Thought you wanted to see a cougar,"

across the fire nearly knocking Mac over. Rob.

"It seems to me,"remarked Sandy, "we "I do, but I ain't hankering to meet better get dressed and prepare for a scrap. him in the night,"answered Tad.

I guess he's after the mutton.""Come on, now, come on,"taunted

"Throw it out to him,"suggested Lem Sandy, "I'll go with you!"The wood was

Wilson. "If he gets that, maybe he'll not more than twenty feet away, and, as

vamose."they were picking it up, there was a sud-

"Every fellow into his clothes!"comden scrambling and scratching in the

manded Mac, and there was a general brush almost within reach. Tad rent

scrambling. the air with a yell as he rushed to the

At that moment Sandy saw a special fire, leaving Sandy to bring in the wood opportunity. Tad and Lem slept under "I tell you what, boys, that sonof-a-

a pine just back of a bunch of willows. gun's getting entirely too familiar to suit

872 IMPROVEMENT ERA

me! I could almost touch him,"gasped bounded back to the fire where they met

Tad. all the others.

"Touch nothing,"said Sandy, as he "Cougar! cougar!"shrieked the territhrew the wood on the fire. "I didn't fied boys together. "He's right there in

see anything."the brush, not twenty yards away! We

"See! see!"roared Tad. "Neither did saw and heard him."

I see, but I heard and felt. Guess I can "Trust Tad for seeing and hearing

hear and feel, can't I?"things. I'll bet they saw a stump,"

"Say fellows,"said Lynn, "this thing laughed Lynn.

is getting past a joke. We've got to "Who'll go with me after their

find out what's the matter. Let's take torches?"asked Sandy.

blazing sticks for torches and scatter out. "I will,"offered Mac with a sly wink.

If some one is playing a joke, we'll catch "I'll go over the top with you."

him, and, if it's an animal, maybe it'll They cautiously made their way to the skidoo. Come on, what do you say to torches, but there was. not a sound or anythat?"thing to be seen.

"They're bugs,"said Lynn, as the two "W-h-o! w-h-o-o-o-o!"came the meldon't "I the sticks. with boys returned ancholy query of an owl from a tree near the try Let's anything. believe they saw

by. roundup again, it's like playing run-

"A whole menagerie!"whispered sheep."

Sandy. "Cougars, spooks, coyotes, owls. They disappeared in various directions

Anyhow I'm ready for the torch parade,"as before. All went well for a few minhe continued selecting a good brand from utes, when, at the usual warning shriek,

the fire. Each one did likewise and stood they all gathered quickly at the fire. It

ready for further orders. was Lynn who returned this time without

"I'll go along the shore toward the his torch.

coyote,"offered Sandy.

"Bugs, bugs,"jeered Tad. I'll bet he

"All right,"assented Mac. "Each one saw a stump."

of you choose your own route and report "I'm whipped, Taddy boy!"said Lynn.

your findings.""You saw him all right, so did I. Be-

"Report is right,"murmured Tad. "If lieve me, he's ten feet long or more. Oh,

I see him, they'll hear me in town, you no, Mac, it's no joke! It's a sure enough

can bet on that."cougar."

"All this time, Rass was exceedingly "I'll tell you what, boys,"said Mac.

busy hurrying through the brush from "We'll all go after Lynn's torch and look place to place, imitating cougars, coyotes, for tracks. That'll settle the question."

and owls. The night was dark, so it was "Great idea,"they all agreed as they

an easy matter for him to watch the acmoved away, each one trying to keep to tivities of the boys around the fire without the center. But, there were no tracks being seen himself. He was a little

not a thing to suggest the presence of a puzzled, however, when he saw the torch brigade leave. It might mean discovery ferocious animal. Twenty minutes at

least, had been spent without results, durbefore he was ready. Hurrying back to

ing which time Rass had not been idle.

the cougar, he took refuge under a bush near by. On came the boys, nearer and "I'm beginning to think the place is

nearer. Two of them were headed straight haunted,"said Lynn. "It must be the

but he didn't finish for the toward him. At last, they were just opspirit of—,"

posite the bush not five steps away. Sudterrifying scream came again, this time

denly they stopped, and held up their from the direction of the camp. They

disall stood breathless. torches. It was Tad and Rob—they

covered the cougar. Rass uttered a ter- "What's to be done?"whispered

rible growl. Flinging their torches, they George. He'll devour everything in camp.

SANDY 873

I wish we'd thrown the mutton out to times, the cougar's long tail switched under him to begin with."the tent, almost touching the feet of the

"Come on, all of you,"urged Mac. braves outside, who immediately scattered

"We'll get to see him, at least."with a commotion rivaling that within. By

They rushed forward, but suddenly accident, Lynn dropped his firestick which stopped near the fire. Sure enough, there fell across the back of Rob Smith's neck

he was inside Mac's tent with his head as he was stooping to recover a lost club.

poking out through the flaps. At sight Rob doubled up on the ground, his

of the crowd, he quickly withdrew inside. language unbecoming to a Scout of

After a breathless pause, Mac said, good standing. In some unaccountable

"We've got to get him out of there some way, George had set fire to the seat of way. How shall we begin?"Tad's trousers which sent that worthy

"Throw the mutton in,"suggested one. Scout flying through the air like a sky-

"Set fire to the tent,"urged another. rocket. Mac, almost bursting with sub-

"Send Tad in with a torch to run him dued mirth, pounded the trunk of a tree out,"offered Sandy. "There's nothing with his firebrand as if to frighten the

to be afraid of about a cougar."monster away. Altogether, the exterior

"Not by a darn sight! I've had all I presented the appearance of a Fourthof-

want of him,"opposed Tad. "Go in yourJuly fire works.

self, if you're so brave. Come on, now, All the time activities inside the tent

go on in! Daniel went into a lion's den increased. Groans, growls, and shrieks beand it didn't hurt him."came deafening, while smoke and dust

"Tell you what I'll do,"said Sandy, poured from every opening. At last, the

"I'll go in if you will all stand by the tumult subsided and quietness prevailed door and get him when he comes out."within. At this point, Rass crawled under

There was some hesitating about the the back of the tent and took refuge in the proposition; but something had to be done, brush nearby, unseen by any of the boys.

and this seemed the easiest way out of it. Mac threw back the flaps and seven

"That's fair enough,"said Mac, trying Scouts gazed upon the ghastly scene. In

to look serious. the middle of the arena stretched the mounSandy secured the best torch he could tain lion, and upon his dead body Sandy

find, while each of the others armed himsat, pale and panting.

self with torch or club. They could hear Mohammed never had more ardent worthe beast inside and see the tent shake as shipers than the hero of this scene. Four

he switched his tail against its sides. of them dragged the monster out, when,

Cautiously, they moved forward, but stoplo, by the light of the fire, they saw the ped near the door while Sandy plunged in. green grass and weeds protruding between

in the Putting his fingers to his mouth, Sandybeast—RassWhat a battle!Marshall—trappedOnce inside, the terrible the stitches which held his hide together.

strong walls of the tent, uttered bloodblew a long shrill blast which was ancurdling cries, and refused to be driven swered from behind the tent, and Rass forth. Round and round they fought, Marshall suddenly appeared, grinning from

now on the ground, now in the air. Three ear to ear.

ProL'o Utah.

Secrets We go to sleep with our secrets, Yet, see that those thoughts you've

We take with us joys and woes cherished

And who on earth is the wiser Be thoughts which enhance the soul,

For things we have done- -who Those secret thoughts you are holding knows? Will aid you to find your goal.

Hartford, Conn. CAROLINE PARKER SMITH

The Double Victory By Carter E. Grant, Principal Jordan L. D. S. Seminary

On this particular warm July afternoon and baby. Such a suggestion, however,

of which we are speaking, Salt Lake City he knew would quickly be overruled at lay half resting from the excitement of the this time, so he fell in with the fellows, big parade, staged by the "United Comand at the earnest request of the manager, mercial Travelers of America."The took his seat at the head of the table.

muchadvertised baseball game was now That George was being led more and over and the victorious visitors were hurrymore into this sort of company caused ing jovially back to town with the "U. Mary, his wife, no little disturbance of

C. T."colors floating gloriously. Up to mind. Just what would be the outcome

one of the largest restaurants thronged the of her husband's exceptional successes at players, followed by an enthusiastic, noisy pitching, she dared hardly imagine, espebunch of rooters, shouting their newest cially as the papers recently had several yells, arousing the town in general. Spetimes mentioned him as one of the coming

cial tables with a fitting spread were await- "Big Leaguers."Only this very morning,

ing thi "ball tossers"and their immediate while George decked himself in the "U.

friends. As this big day happened some C. T."colors, Mary, baby in her arms,

twenty years ago, there was to be added to had poured out her soul to him. Still

the eats, all brands of cigars and cigarettes, she wanted him to win, and knowing the as well as a "bit to drink"and then some value of an encouraging word she bade him more if desired. goodbye, and then added feelingly, "SucGeorge Standard, the tall, darkcom- cess to you, dear—remember your prom-

I'll be waiting and watchplexioned pitcher, stood as the only ise—Delbert and

"Utahn"on the "Travelers"picked team. ing for you."

His famous work of this day, however, As the twelve or fifteen jolly "men of had made him more attractive than all the the world"began feasting, Standard's eyes other players combined. Although his glanced quickly from table to table. There

tanned face wore a smile of satisfaction, wasn't a person in the room he had known still it held no trace of arrogance or conbefore today. "I am almost glad,"he

ceit. He had recently grown rather fareasoned tojiimself; "for when I mix up

miliar with approving applause and comwith an impulsive, emotional crowd like mendation, for he was fast being recogthis, I don't care to have someone jumpnized as the champion twirler of the West; ing at conclusions as to what I partake of.

and as he shook hands so freely and un- I've abstained before, and I guess I'll get assumingly with all the travelers not one of through today all right."

them failed to praise him for his part "Which will you have, tea or coffee?"

in the day's big success. requested the waiter of the young man who

This young man rightly should have sat at the head of the table.

been the mound star for the intermountain "Well, I don't believe I'll have either,"team, but due to his being cleverly tiedup suggested George, quietly; and not until

several weeks in advance by the "U. C. the other fellows were all served and the

T."he was duty bound to do his very meal was half over, did the manager notice

best, which had resulted in the decisive no "hot drinks"at Standard's plate. "Here,

victory for the visitors. But now that here!"he called to the waiter, "you've

the game was over, and his check safely dropped out one of our crew on the tea tucked away in his pocket, he wished he and coffee stunt. What'11 you have,

could break away and go home to his wife George?"

THE DOUBLE VICTORY 875

"I'm not drinking cither today, thank very best brands of cigars were lying near you. This cold milk just touches the right his plate, but as his hand rested upon one.

spot."his wife and baby boy came floating in

"Well."inquired the first baseman vision before his eyes. There they were,

from toward the other end of the table, standing in the doorway looking down the street toward him. How anxious Mary "do you never indulge—never?"

"Not very often,"replied George withappeared as she hugged the baby boy and out a falter. then turned half downcast from his view.

"Say,"exclaimed another with a bit of Immediately her last words rang loudly in irony in his voice, "I'll bet Standard's a his ears. "Success to you, dear—remem-

I'll be 'Mormon.'"Although it was said mote ber your promise—Delbert and

as a joke than for any other reason, still waiting and watching for you."With a

George felt that the eyes of the entire start George dropped the tobacco. As he

crowd were upon him, and for a moment looked about him, he felt stronger and he tried hard to busy himself with eating wondered how the liquor, tobacco, and so that no one would force an answer. these other things could be so attractive,

The silence continued, however, until he yes, fairly captivating, to all these hardfelt himself duty bound to say something. headed men.

Finally he remarked as calmly as possible, Just then the manager, who was be- "Yes, sir, I'm a 'Mormon.'My grandcoming rather jovial, exclaimed, "Now,

father was one of the first pioneers into gentlemen, I've been taking notes on this valley. Since you've brought up the things, and I want our friend, Standard

subject of religion, I am just wondering here, to tell us how on earth he succeeds which church each of you fellows belong in turning down all this 'forbidden fruit.'

to. Let's hear how many sects helped win No tea, no coffee nor tobacco, and not a

that victory today?"and he sent his dark drop to drink stronger than milk. George,

eyes quickly but interrogatively down the you're a puzzle! Come, tell us about it."

line of men on either side of the table. As all the men voiced assent to this

There was complete silence. Everyone knew suggestion, George had to give some exit was not George's turn to speak, but none planation, at least. Just how to start beseemed anxious to announce his church. fore these men, he hardly knew, but he

Finally to break the silence, which was finally commenced, "Well, you see I was becoming embarrassing, the manager half born a 'Mormon.'I guess that's had the

shouted, "Great Scott, can't some of you most to do with it. Mother and father

folks speak up and say which church, if at home never drank tea nor coffee, neither any, you belong to? Now if Standard did father ever use tobacco or liquor, and

is a 'Mormon'and don't like te3 or coffee, they always told me not to. They believed

or beans or carrots or anything else, it in what we call the 'Word of Wisdom.'

seems he knows what's best for that arm "That's the 'Mormon'law I've been of his, and we shouldn't care!"The trying to think of,"put in one salesman.

crowd laughed wholeheartedly and soon "Don't you know, I've sold cigars to a the incident seemed to be forgotten. merchant up in Ogden now these eight or

As the hot drinks disappeared, cold ten years, and do you think I can ever get foaming beer with wine and other him to taste one of my very best cigars?

liquors, took their place. George's glass No, he wouldn't do it for my whole trunk

stood at his plate filled to the brim, but full! One day when we were talking, he

untouched. Now followed a regular deluge explained to me his 'Word of Widsom.'

of cigarettes and cigars. Something within And I've been trying and trying to think

George kept saying, "Oh, just take one of the name of it ever since George said he cigar, light it, fuss around a bit, be one was a 'Mormon.'This man up there

with your group; it will save you further swore on a stack of Bibles that every good

questions. No one will know it. It won't member of his Church lived this law stricthurt this once, take one!"Several of the ly. I've taken him out to dinners, and he

876 IMPROVEMENT ERA

was just like Standard here, he'd never "Domesticated 'em!"laughed another,

touch any of the 'forbidden fruit,'no, "that's putting it too mildly. Our evennot a thing. And now what I've seen ing paper back in Chicago would say

today almost makes me believe that the something like this, 'Because Standard per- 'Mormons'are going to run us tobacco formed so marvelously for the Travelers fellows plum out of business!"And then the InterMountain Bush Leaguers were

they all laughed. "Just the moment I swept completely off their feet. The

saw George cut out the tea, etc., I said young Wizard of the Rockies wholly subto myself, 'I'll just watch him, for I'll bet dued his old comrades. With his whirling

he belongs to the same order as my Ogden curves and spinning shoots, Standard kept friend.'"his opponents at his mercy constantly. He

All eyes were now turned toward George worried 'em with his bursting speed and again as he continued, "I lived home for then teased 'em with his slow faders until "more than twenty years and I never saw the crowd roared with amusement.'

a cup of tea or coffee upon my mother's "This game today,"began another, table, as a result I have never even so "reminds me of what happened once over much as tasted it, and as for tobacco and in St. Louis."And when he had finished,

liquor, they don't bother me at all."several other men were ready with their

"Well, what do you know about that!"favorite stories. As the time flew by,

echoed several voices at once. "No wonGeorge, feeling that he now had the good

der,"exclaimed the manager, "you pitched will of the crowd, arose with, "Well that ninth innings today as if you were fellows, I've an appointment with the just getting a good start!"And then he wife and baby. I'd better be going."

turned and faced the group, "Say fellows, A moment later, after a final handif I had ten men that would live like shake, he walked swiftly toward his street

Standard here, I could beat anything in this car, and whispered gratefully to himself, whole country!"and he swung his fat fist "I guess I've played a 'doubleheader'todown on the table with emphatic energy. day! Who would have imagined that any

"I'm surely interested,"came a nasal of that bunch knew anything about our voice, that as yet had not been heard, "I 'Word of Wisdom?'I wonder how a

can't forget how Standard simply domestifellow is to know when he is being cated his Western friends today."watched?"

Added On

Amid the Maytime splendor of Thy Garden,

Father, thou hast sometime cared for me,

Mid fairer than the lily fields of Arden,

Lo! I have walked and I have talked with Thee.

The May is past, the world is bleak December,

Amid the tares and tanglewood I stray, 1 have forgotten. Wilt Thou still remember,

And lead me back along the narrow way?

I know, O Father, in Thy matchless Garden,

That Thou must mourn the absent ones who roam,

And sevenfold I know that Thou wilt pardon

And take my hand to lead me safely home;

Thy glory waits its fullest consummation

Till I retrace the byways I have gone.

'Tis thus, O Father, in my exaltation,

Thy Godliness and might are added on!

Mesa. Arizona Bertha a.

Messages from the Missions

"It is the man who is the missionary, it is not his words, His character is his message."- Dcummond.

Conference in a Historic Hawaiian Village

More than threequarters of a century subsequent life, President Cannon spoke ago, George Q. Cannon did considerable very feelingly of the experiences which had

missionary work in Lahaina, on the island come to him as a young man laboring in of Maui, Hawaii. This was one of the that vicinity. On the occasion of the visit

first places in which the restored Gospel of Elder Andrew Jenson, assistant Church was preached, and the earlyday elders had historian, a number of meetings were held experiences greatly resembling those had by in this village. Herewith is a picture of

the sons of Mosiah. of whom we can read the elders who were present.

in the Book of Mormon. During all his

Missionary Group at Lahaina, Maui, Hawaii

Back row, left to right: A. B. Bonham, Clinton, Utah; Wm. Davis, Salt Lake City; Vasco

Laub. president Molonai district, Ogden, Utah; Andrew Jenson, assistant Church historian;

Stanley A. Matson, president West Maui district, Salt Lake City; Wm. M. Waddoups, president Hawaiian mission; John Johnson, Mesa, Arizona; Rollow Kimball, president East

Maui district. Salt Lake City; Almon Bate, Brigham City, Utah; John Farra. local. Front

row: Leo R. Jenson, South African mission (released), Salt Lake City; Eva J. Olson and

Sister Andrew Jenson (visitors); Olivia Waddoups, president mission Relief Societies;

Howard Allred, Salt Lake City.

Work Progressing in the South Seas

Elder Alfred Dewey, secretary of the June 5, 1928, as follows: "Some of our

Samoan mission, writes, under date of Church members who have traveled exten878 IMPROVEMENT ERA

sively pronounce the plantation at Sauniapaid for their efforts. Recently there has

tu, on the island of Upolu, Samoa, one of been considerable conflict between the the most beautiful and interesting spots natives and the government; and, while

on the globe. It is about twenty miles this has been unpleasant, it has enabled

from Apia, and people from all over the us to present our message to all the chiefs island walked hither over muddy and of this island. We are very hopeful that

rough roads to be in attendance at the the increased activities will continue to semiannual conference. The spirit of the bring new converts to the Church as they

Lord was made manifest at all the meetare doing at the present time."

ings and those who attended felt well reElders of the Samoan Mission

Bottom row, left to right: H. B. Stone. Aberdeen, Idaho; D. N. Oldroyd, Glenwood, Utah;

A. Dewey, mission secretary, Sandy, Utah. Middle row: L. H. McCullough, president

Upolu district, Delta, Utah; W. L. Smith, mission president, Leavitt, Alberta, Canada;

Sister W. L. Smith, president mission Relief Societies; W. M. Russon, Lehi, Utah. Top

row: D. H. Allred, Cardston, Alberta, Canada; Sister L. D. Cahoon, president Tutuila district

Relief Society; L. D. Cahoon, president Tutuila district, Cardston, Alberta, Canada.

Work Progressing in Ohio At the conjoint conference of the North Pond were the principal speakers. The

and South Ohio districts, held at Columbus work of the Lord is progressing in this on April 28, more than one hundred part of his vineyard. In the month of

Saints and investigators were in attendance. April we baptized three, and many more

President and Sister John H. Taylor, rewill be ready for baptism in the near fucently released, and President Noah H. ture. We have been successful in making

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 879

new friends, and many new homes have hundreds of persons whom we could not been opened for our cottage meetings, enreach in any other way. W. E. Hunt.

abling us to convey the Gospel message to president North Ohio district.

Elders of the North Ohio District

Sitting, left to right: Harry Russell, president Columbus branch: Noah H. Pond, president

Northern States mission; John H. Taylor, former mission president; Sister Taylor, George

O. Manwaring, Wilford E. Hunt, president North Ohio district. Standing: Raymond

Saunders. Eugene C. Weber. Karl D. Zaugg, Elmer H. Penman, Carl T. Cox, W. LaVarre

Butterworth. Robert W. McMackin. Wm. B. Butler, Alvin F. Bullock.

Missionary Work in the Robin Hood City

John P. Hopkinson, clerk of the Notall in their power to warn their fellowtingham district, writes, under date of May men. During the past six months, more

25, 1928: "The missionaries of the than fifteen thousand hours of work have

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday been done in proclaiming the message of

Saints are still holding aloft the standard salvation; thirtysix thousand tracts have

of truth in the city of Nottingham, where, been distributed, and sixtytwo copies of nearly three hundred years ago, Charles I the Book of Mormon have been put in raised his standard at the commencement circulation. Under date of May 21, 1928,

of the Parliamentary war. This city, with the Nottingham Evening News gave a very

more than a quarter of a million inhabifavorable account of the work which has tants, is accepting the opportunity to hear been done by the missionaries of this our message. Not only are the missionChurch. They explain that a decided

aries from Zion spreading the Gospel, but change of sentiment is apparent on the worthy local members as well are doing part of the British people towards the 880 IMPROVEMENT ERA

missionaries. We were favored with a struction and counsel will long be revisit from President and Sister Widtsoe, membered."

which was greatly appreciated. Their inMlSSIONARIES OF NOTTINGHAM DISTRICT

Front row, left to right: Dalton E. Spencer, Evanston, Wyoming; John P. Hopkinson,

district secretary, Sunnyside. Utah. Second row: Weston W. Taylor, assistant secretary

European missions, Salt Lake City; Waldo L. Osmond, district president, Provo, Utah:

Dr. John A. Widtsoe, mission president; Leah D. Widtsoe, president of European missions

Relief Societies; Richard L. Evans, associate editor Millennial Star, Salt Lake City. Third

row: Joseph E. Whitehead, Provo; Vilace L. Radmall, Pleasant Grove; Fred H. Cox,

Pocatello; Harold K. Richmond, Salt Lake City; E. Anthony Clayson, Spanish Fork;

Brandt D. Jorgensen, Salem; Rulon W. Stevenson, Ogden.

Pass "Era"on to Your Friends Lack of space has prevented an earlier ganization. A concert was given, followappearance of a report of a conference held ing the conference, for the purpose of raisin Auckland, New Zealand, sent us by ing funds for the renovation of our chapel.

Elder Halvor T. Johnson, under date of The house was packed with Saints and inFebruary 27. He says: "Four meetings terested investigators. In a recent letter

were held, beginning at nine a. m. and from a Mr. Hugh Goldsbury, to whom

closing at nine p. m., with but short inwe post the Era, he wrote thanking us

tervals between them. It was a day of for sending it, and had this to say, 'It

spiritual feasting for all who attended. gets better and better all the time, and not

Visiting elders from surrounding districts only do my wife and I find it most intercontributed to the success of our conferesting, but those to whom I post it on ence. All had the privilege of speaking think it a fine magazine. The stories

and bearing testimony of the goodness of and articles are so wholesome that the the Lord to them in their labors. We magazine must do a great good and win

have a talented branch in Auckland; so, admiration for your Church wherever it

naturally, we have a lively Mutual oris read.'"

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 881

Work Progressing in the Aarhus District

The Aarhus district, or conference as it wife, Ida A. Peterson. The meetings

was formerly called, was organized in Were all very well attended and excellent 185 7. Since that time a very large numinstruction was given. The report showed

ber of prominent men have come into the that the Danish mission has had fortyChurch from that locality. It was not seven baptisms since the first of the year,

far from here that President Anthon H. and good prospects are reported from the

Lund first heard and accepted the prinvarious districts. Elder Clarence B. Jacobs

ciples of salvation. Recently a notable reports that the elders are all working inconference was held in this district. Twendustriously and with faith. According to

tyfive missionaries from Zion were presthis report, the Era is read with great ent, among them being President Joseph interest by all.

L. Peterson of the Danish mission, and his

First row, left to right: Minnie Anderson; Olc Anderson, district president; Ida A. Peterson,

president mission Relief Societies; Joseph L. Peterson, mission president; N. P. Rasmussen,

president Aalborg district; G. Philip Jensen, president Copenhagen district. Second row:

Douglas Thomsen, Max R. Christensen, Gunnar M. Nielsen. Clarence B. Jacobs, Robert L.

Erickson, Aage L. Kjolby, Sylvester W. Muir. Third row: George H. Carlsen, Seth J.

Larsen. Anders Andersen, Alfred L. Sorensen, Albert M. Olsen, Orval D. Benson. Fourth

row: Richard T. Anderson, Karl M. J. Thomsen, Achton C. Jensen, Holger P. Petersen.

Clifton E. Henrichsen, Peter M. Andersen.

Baptisms Performed in Canada President Charles H. Hart of the Canhave been twelve baptisms, and the prosadian mission reports very encouraging pects for future growth are excellent. All

progress in the Hamilton district of that elders of the mission are laboring zealousmission. During the year 1927 twentyly and with an abiding faith in the work

six souls were brought into the Church by they represent to bring the message of salbaptism. During the present year there vation to the people of that locality.

882 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Hamilton District Missionaries

Front row, left to right: Noble G. Papworth, Permelia Tippctts, Stella E. Stewart.

Loraine Alston. District President. Francis H. Jex; Mission President Charles H. Hart;

Alice Merrill. Cervera Sowards, Henry S. Cook. Second row: Hayward Baker, Joseph B.

Cottrell, Ernest Soelberg, Rulon Henningen, Raymond G. Jacobson, Nathan B. Hales.

John N. Jackson, Halo M. Hart. Third row: John W. Nelson, Floyd L. Losee, Wells

Brover. Jr.

Fishers of Men

The mission field offers many remarkturned in due time with the yarn wrapp:d

able evidences that "God moves in a in the tract which had been cast aside. It

mysterious way."Several months ago Elwas carefully read by the lady into whose

der D. Herschel Loosli delivered a tract hands it had fallen. So impressed was she

at a door in Pforzheim, in southern Gerthat she prayed about the matter and submany. The lady manifested an unfriendsequently persuaded her husband and famly spirit but was finally prevailed upon to ily to read it. They did so and were

accept the paper. However, she had no likev/ise impressed, so much so that they

desire to read the message so unwillingly visited the meetings, became acquainted accepted and threw it aside as soon as the with the missionaries, and through study missionary was gone. This lady had an and prayer were soon converted. The

acquaintance living in an adjacent street, result of this one tract, therefore, dewho discovered one evening after the stores livered at an unfriendly door, was that an were closed that she needed yarn in order entire family was baptized. Surely Paul

to do some necessary darning. She sent may plant, Appollos may water, but unless

her little girl to this friend's to borrow God gives the increase there can be none.

the desired material. The messenger reMESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 883

Progress Experienced in North Texas "The work of the Lord is progressing appreciated by us. It is a marvelous misrapidly here in the North Texas dissionary, and we always look forward to

trict of the Central States mission, and we the receipt of each succeeding number."

feel that we have been wonderfully blessed O. F. Jeffery, district president (released).

during the last year. The Era is greatly

Missionaries of North Texas District

Front row, left to right: O. F. Jeffery, district president (released); Margaret Quinn.

Independence, Mo.; Josie J. AUred; Mrs. A. K. Kuttler, local; Kenneth Kuttler, Jr., local:

Louise Sboell; Donetta Bennion, Independence; Charlotte Bennion. president mission Relief

Societies; S. O. Bennion, mission president. Back row: Elmer Wright, president Independence

district; Mauritz Marlowe; A. S. Youd; A. C. Dye; C. S. Nielson; K. G. Woolley, president

North Texas district; J. M. Judy, F. H. Winward.

Dying Words of Confirmed Infidels "Hold on!"was the exhortation given a dying infidel by his associates.

"Will you tell me what to hold on to?"he asked in reply.

Cromwell: (The English General) "The devil is ready to seduce us, and I have

been seduced."

Gibbon: (The Historian) "All is now lost, finally, irrevocably lost, all is

dark and doubtful."

Churchill: "What a fool I have been!"

Gambetta: "I am lost, and there is no use to deny it."

Tf- n -i I'll I Br=--l The Worthwhile Vacation or Outing

Much has been said of rest as the aim of youth than do the loftier first groups, of a vacation or outing. But "the proper the "unseen"or spiritual: but the usefulrest for man is change of occupation;"ness of the common activities is likely to

and total rest and inactivity, even if such be transient. That of the first group

a thing were possible, would probably the observation and appreciation of nature weaken rather than build up the vital will be permanent. The ways of nature

powers of man. have effects that are less evident but more

To what we regard as the highest form lasting than everyday work; less exciting

that outings can take, we desire to call but more beneficial; less popular with the

the attention of our readers. many but more elevating to the few.

What difference will it make: 1. Without question, a knowledge of the

Whether a Scout or a vacationist at sumthings of the first group—the things which mer camps discerns a tendency of nature, are "unseen,"or at least unnoticed—will

or picks up a rule of etiquette? 2. Whether take more thought, more investigation,

he learns and compares species of trees, or more meditation, than the more or less acquires the ability to build a fire? 3. mechanical things of the second group will

Whether he observes the ways of badger, require. It will likewise be more difficult

moth, ant, or butterfly, or improves his to secure leaders to teach truth and beauty skill in rolling a blanket? 4. Whether he than to secure those who can direct in play

becomes aware of a bird song that he never and campcraft; yet we think it will pay

before noticed, or dreams over retold weli to secure them, for their help is infables about Jesse James and Robin Hood? dispensable.

5. Whether he is inspired to enjoy the In the March Era, for example, it was

beauty of a sunset, of a mountain landshown that one of the most interesting and scape, of a silver lake, or of a flaming sky, useful aspects of certain Western trees, or masters the ability to repair a leaking shrubs, giant grasses, and other plants of faucet? 6. Whether he is led to underthe mountains, is their function in prestand and apply the first principles of venting or halting summer floods, which,

hygiene and lifesaving, or is shown how with everincreasing frequency and vioto play a new kind of handball or volleylence, are ravaging many of our Western ball? 7. Whether his thought is enlarged, valleys. We cannot think of any knowlhis vision broadened, by a truth learned edge of plants that would be more gripat firsthand from nature, or whether his ping, more useful, than just this feature.

legs and lungs are tested by an allnight Yet. our observation has been that few

hike or by a climb to the highest summit? of these floodpreventers are familiarly

8. Whether, in a word, truth, beauty, apknown, even to students of botany, since

preciation, and mental growth are valued few courses in botany extend to these higher, and given more attention to, than matters.

the commonplace play of city streets and Still more notable and unknown are saltbushes, ball grounds? Western desert plants—the

In our view it will make all the difcacti, Ephedra, creasote bush, Indian arrow ference in the world. bush, bottle plant, Mentzelia, and others

plants, as they have been aptly The humbler second groups, "the things—wonder

that are seen"or noticed by all, have a designated. Once to see and learn somemore direct appeal to the present interests thing about any of these strongly indiEDITOR'S TABLE 885

vidualized growths, is to get impressions much of the mystery attaching to them can so deep that it is barely possible to forget soon be cleared away, for the purposes of their unique features. It was chiefly the Scout work, by going afield with leaders

bizarre or other striking aspects of these who know them.

species that led one of the visiting EuFor awhile it will require specialists in ropean botanists a few years ago to say, nature to answer the questions and to guide "Whoever it was that superintended the the observations to be made in this high native floral decoration of your Western form of Scouting; but the difficulty of

country, must have intended its people to making the start should not discourage us.

be students of plant life, for so many of "I never lose heart,"declares the aposthese plants are peculiar and wonderful."tle of insight; "for the things that are

This fact, also, may be one reason why the seen are transient; the unseen, eternal."

scientists of Europe so greatly admired and praised the herbarium of Utah wild flowSome of the things that ordinarily weers prepared by one Utah Scout troop and do not see—realities unnoticed though

disclosed elsewhereexhibited at the London international conlying all about—are

ference of Boy Scout leaders. It will pay in this issue. They constitute an unusual

well in the reputation of Utah abroad to but feasible nature program for those who have the Scouts learn and prepare herbawill, as the apostle says, go at it without riums of our native wild flowers. losing heart. Easy to observe, being everyAs for birds, insects, rocks, minerals where common, and not difficult to

the things that boys and girls ask the most identify, the objects of nature presented in

to leaders of youthful groups at summerquestions—they areaboutknownon hikingto onlyor campingthe very tripsfew the article should be a boon to all campers;

specialists that work in these fields of natcamps, they should be invaluable.

ural history. Yet, we are assured that J. H. P.

The Well Balanced Menu We commend the foregoing editorial, in the temporal life we are now living and which was submitted to us by a valued must not be overlooked. Neither is there

correspondent, to the thoughtful attention necessity for overlooking them. Ever

of our readers. "The loftier first groups, since its organization, this Church has enthe unseen or spiritual"thiijgs are truly of deavored to develop real men, men who

primary importance as this editorial states. dream but who "dream along the lines of

They will endure after the transient things life."Our effort is to train young men

of this earth have passed away. However, to become as nearly like the Christ as

it would be unfortunate should our possible. He could see in the simple lilies

younger readers develop the notion that of the field something which surpassed the the practical things, such as repairing a beauty of Solomon in all his glory; and

faucet, rolling a blanket, building a fire, yet he could doubtless wield a hammer or etc., have no value, and the article does plane or saw with as much skill as any

not intend to convey such an idea. These man of his time.—C.

practical things have an important place

All matters pertaining to the Aaronic Priesthood in this department are prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric.

The Vitality of the Sacrament

There are, perhaps, very few members always remember me, and if ye do always of the Church who do not understand, remember me, ye shall have my Spirit to "it is the Spirit which giveth light,"and be with you."Consider well the import

"it is the Spirit which beareth witness,"of this, "always."

and that without the Spirit it is imposAfter the Nephites had partaken of the sible to live the Gospel and gain salvation. sacrament he said, "Blessed are ye for this

Yet, many seem to think they can enjoy thing which ye have done, for this is fulthe Spirit regardless of how seldom they filling the commandment, and this doth attend sacramental meeting, or whether witness unto the Father that ye are willing they go at all. to do that which I have commanded you.

How do they interpret the Lord's revela- * * * And I give unto you a commandtion which says, "Thou shalt go to the ment that ye shall do these things. And if

house of prayer and offer up thy sacraye shall always do these things, blessed are ments on this my holy day?"This ye, for ye are built upon my rock. But

revelation cannot be understood as meanwhoso among you shall do more or less ing anything except to do this as often as than these are not built upon my rock, the holy day comes. but are built upon a sandy foundation;

And the Lord has revealed two special and when the rain descends and the floods and wonderful prayers, each one of them come, and the winds blow, and beat upon beautifully framed, to make suitable petithem, they shall fall, and the gates of hell tion for one important thing: that those are ready open to receive them."

who partake of the sacrament "may have In every ward there are brethren and his Spirit to be with them."Is it thinkable sisters building on a sandy foundation by

that after the Lord has instituted this very neglecting this privilege of the sacramental special performance by which we may service on the Sabbath day. This neglect

receive his Spirit, that he will give it when brings on them a spirit of indifference or we ignore the performance? How dare opposition; they often urge their own pet

we dispense with it when the Lord has explanation for their change of feeling;

said to us, "It is expedient that the Saints but, whatever they say and try to believe, meet together often to partake of the they are not enjoying the good spirit they bread and wine?"could have by living up to this wonderful

Jesus made this a great feature of his privilege. They should take this vital

visit to the Nephites, telling them, "This matter seriously into account, lest the shall ye always observe to do, and it shall "winds and the floods"find them unprebe a testimony to the Father that ye do pared. Albert R. Lyman.

False science may contradict a true interpretation of Genesis; true science may

contradict a false interpretation of Genesis; but true science will never contradict a

true interpretation of Genesis. Nephi Jensen.

1 MUTUAL WORB,

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT

The Slogan "We stand for law, for the people who the joint efforts of the Y. M. M. I. A. and

live it. and the officers who enforce it."the Y. L. M. I. A.

This slogan is a specific declaration of It should be presented at the monthly the institutional attitude of the M. I. A. joint session of the M. I. A. in the wards,

towards the laws of the country, the state, at the joint Sunday stake conference meetand the municipalities in which we live. ings, and at the stake group convenIt is a reaffirmation of the article of our tions. The presentation of the slogan

faith: "We believe in obeying, honoring, should be preceded by some exercise that

and sustaining the law."will produce an atmosphere for thought

The slogan is so full of patriotism that and determination.

there is no room for a particle of partisanThe following is a sample of material ism in it. * * * It is the production of for a slogan setting:

From an Historical Address by the Great Champion of the

Constitution, Daniel Webster "And let me say, gentlemen, that if we The utmost order should precede the and our posterity shall be true to the presentation of the slogan.

if we and they shall If the presentation of the slogan isChristian religion,—

live always in the fear of God, and shall placed at the close of a program, the closrespect his commandments,—if we and ing song could appropriately emphasize the

they shall maintain just, moral sentiments, slogan, such as "Do What is Right, Let the and such conscientious convictions of duty Consequence Follow,"or "Shall the Youth as shall control the heart and life,—we of Zion Falter."

may have the highest hopes of the future The slogan should be kept before the fortunes of our country; and if we mainpublic by placard, and care should be

tain those institutions of government and given to the position and the protection that political union, exceeding all praise of the placard.

as much as it exceeds all former examples of political associations, we may be sure While the placard and the presentation will of the slogan at meetings no doubt whileof our country one thing—that, in the direction of sustaining masters stimulate a thousand materials forfurnishes

of the historic art, it will afford no topic the law, the effective putting of the slogan for a Gibbon. It will have no Decline into action against lawlessness can be acand Fall. It will go on prospering and to complished best through projects.

prosper. Projects that will provide for the study

"But, if we and our posterity reject of the strength and of the weaknesses of religious instruction and authority, violaw observance in the community, causes late the rules of eternal justice, trifle with of lawlessness and putting on foot measthe injunctions of morality, and recklessly ures for assisting officers in the enforcedestroy the political constitution which ment of the law:

holds us together, no man can tell how 1 Present the slogan seriously.

sudden a catastrophe may overwhelm us, 2. Placard the slogan conspicuously.

that shall bury all our glory in profound 3. Put the slogan over judiciously by

obscurity."project.

688 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Joint Monthly Sunday Evening Meetings

All exercises should be in nature and Suggested material in outline arrangegrade consistent with Sunday sacredness: ment for programs is published in the

everything to lift and nothing to lower. Era and the Journal. These outlines are

The program should provide for a Gosin no way directive, but it is hoped that ple message in some form and for an they will receive consideration as helps to equitable distribution of time between the be used or substituted, in whole or in part.

Young Men's and the Young Ladies'orFrom reports coming in these outlines are ganizations. appreciated in the ward.

Stake Conference Sunday Evening Meeting

The privilege of using the Sunday evenconsist of, the major part of the time ing of a stake conference is one which should be devoted to one or more messages should be appreciated by our organizations to the youth, preferably by representatives in every stake of Zion. The programs of the General Church Authorities, or of

for these meetings should receive the carethe M. I. A. General Board.

ful joint consideration of the stake board It is hoped that these meetings will be and the endorsement of the stake president. so interesting and instructive that no

They should be judiciously advertised in thought of dispensing with them will be advance. Whatever else the exercises may entertained.

THE ADULT DEPARTMENT

The 192829 program for the Adult ings are also to be held Tuesday evenings.

Department is another step in the direcIt is suggested, therefore, that the members tion of the comprehensive scheme of adult of this group meet under the auspices of education which the Advanced Senior Dethe M. I. A. and that the Genealogical

partment outlined for the M. I. A. three course of study be considered a fourth posyears ago. In its broader aspects, however, sible choice of subject matter for members

it represents an attempt to meet certain of the Adult Department.

leisuretime needs of the adults of the As announced at the June convention,

Church. excellent materials are available for each

The coming year's program includes the course of study. Dean Milton Bennion's

following types of activity: book, Moral Teachings of the Netv Testa-

a. The course of study. ment, is now on sale at the Deseret Book

b. The reading course. Company (price $1.00). The manual

c. The citizenship projects. "Captains of Industry"is now in press

d. Other types of liesuretime activity. and will be available about August 15

from the Era office (price 25c). MaThe Course of Study terials for the "Outline of Current Literature"course will be furnished through the

Continuing the plan of last year, each pages of the Era and the Journal. Each

ward will choose one of the following month, beginning with the September subjects for its course of study throughout number, the Era, for example, will conthe year: tain a three or fourpage review, by

a, Moral Teachings of the New Testaeminent L. D. S. writers, of some recent

ment; outstanding book. The Journal for the

b, Outline of Current Literature; same month will also contain a similar

c, Captains of Industry. review of another outstanding book. By

By a recent action of the General this means it is hoped to furnish two reAuthorities, the Genealogical Society meetviews each month, or a total of about

MUTUAL WORK 889

eighteen or twenty during the Mutual (b) the nature and extent of recent season. These reviews will contain digests local (city, county or state)

of, extracts from and criticisms of the most election and voting practices.

recent literature in the fields of biography, 2. Educational work with local voters,

travel, natural science, fiction, philosophy, as to:

social science, art, etc. (a) their privileges as voters.

In addition to the two monthly book (b) the time and place of elections.

reviews, the magazines will furnish a list (c) the issues involved in a given (with comments) of noteworthy articles in election, (e. g., providing facts

the current issues of the leading American and analyses of arguments for magazines. and against the issues).

The above projects fit in nicely with Reading Course the slogan for this year. They also make

The book adopted for the Adult Deit possible for the M. I. A. to become an

partment this year is Michael Pupin's even greater power for social righteousFrom Immigrant to Inventor, published ness in the communities where we are orby Scribners and securable from the Deseret ganized.

Book Company (price $2.00). Appropriate materials and suggestions

Citizenship Projects for the execution of these projects will be furnished from time to time through

A new departure this year are the the pages of the Era and the Journal.

citizenship projects announced at the June convention. It is proposed that each ward Other Types of LeisureTime

devote one Tuesday each month to a conActivity sideration and execution of the following:

Where there is time, energy or need

A. Law Observance: for other types of leisuretime activity in

1. Study of: the Adult Department, such as amuse-

(a) nature and extent of local lawments, "socials,"home evenings, etc., stake

breaking, and ward officers are referred to the forth- (b) adequacy of existing lawen- coming edition of the M. I. A. Handbook

forcement machinery. for specific suggestions and guidance.

12. Formulation of a local program for The Joint Committee of the General

law observance: Boards encourages the stake and ward of-

(a) providing for public discussion ficers to take adequate time and opportuof the problem, nity in planning the work of this depart- (b) group resolutions, ment for the coming year. The splendid

(c) cooperation with other groups achievements and rapid growth of this and with lawenforcement ofdepartment during the last two or three ficials. years should be an additional incentive to

B. Voting: even greater effort during the year ahead.

1. Study of: On behalf of the General Boards.

(a) the nature of Federal, State, and Arthur L. Beeley (Y. M. M. I. A. i

local laws pertaining to elecMary C. Kimball (Y. L. M. I. A.)

tions and voting Chairmen, Adult Department.

M. I. A. Conference in Berlin

By Superintendent Arthur Gaeth

The "GruenGold FreudEcho,"as the direction of Superintendent M. Elmer

first M. I. A. conference in the GermanChristensen. The special guests were

Austrian mission was called, was held President and Sister Fred Tadje and in Berlin, May 2628, 1928, under the Superintendent George Albert Smith, Jr.,

890 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of the SwissGerman mission and President "Spirit of the Hive."The G Men (M

and Sister Hyrum W. Valentine of the Men) gathered at a banquet and listened to

GermanAustrian mission. The total at- a literary and musical program; the recreatendance at the Saturday and Sunday meettion committees met and saw the presentaings was about 5,000 people, and more tion of a drama and were given instructhan 700 attended the excursion on Montions concerning proper amusements and

day. Translated, "GruenGold Freuddancing. Following the departmental

Echo"is "GreenGold Echo of Joy."work a "FreudEcho"social and dance

Saturday afternoon final contests in was held for all Mutual workers present at public speaking for men and women, rethe convention, at which time the contest told stories, ladies trios, male quartettes, winners were awarded prizes.

male choruses, ladies choruses, instrumental Sunday morning, after a fervent testitrios, Boy Scout activities and poem and mony meeting, President Hyrum W. Valstory-writing were held between winners entine presented each of the 30 registered

in the different districts. More than 400 troops of Boy Scouts with a German napeople from outside Berlin were present as tional flag, admonishing them to honor

witnesses or contestants. Konigsberg on the Fatherland and obey its laws. This

the extreme north, Breslau on the east and presentation left impressions that will help

Vienna on the southeast were well repremake these boys honorable citizens of their sented. For the past four months the country. Ninety scouts gave the scout

Mutuals of this mission have been conoath and pledged allegiance to their flag.

centrating on these events, and more than This movement started by the "Mormon"1000 people have in that time taken part Church is the only organization in Gerin the contest work. many having the same standards as the

In the evening, the Boy Scouts met in a International Organization of Boy Scouts, jambouree, real American style, with acand in the not far distant future this tivities in first aid, mouth organ choruses movement will be recognized by the Gerand lanternslide lectures on German birds man government, for thinking men aland trees. At the same time the BeeHive ready realize the value of this nonpartisan,

girls presented a dramatization of the patriotic endeavor.

Presentation of badges to new Scout head of GermanAustrian mission, and to new district Scoutmasters.

MUTUAL WORK 891

President Hyrum W. Valentine presenting German flag to the thirty registered Scout troops.

A special feature of the closing session plies pedagogics that keep the minds and of the conference was the convincing twothe senses of its young people alert and minute testimonies of ten missionaries refreshed. They scorn overdone piety and

who were honorably released after thirty combine refined arts and science, parmonths of service. Brother M. Elmer ticularly natural science, with ethical vows

Christensen. mission superintendent of M. in the measure in which the receptive hearts

I. A., who had just been released to reof the young require them. But most

turn home after thirtytwo months of interesting of all is the "Mormon"system.

service and who was the originator of the The boys are grouped together in Boy "FreudEcho."was presented with a Scout organizations and are educated in

leatherbound handbook by the incoming nature through long hikes, in signaling, superintendent, Arthur Gaeth, on behalf in Morse telegraphy, and are instructed in of the M. I. A., in appreciation of his first aid and many other practical fields.

splendid work as the first general superThe girls are combined in BeeHive intendent of auxiliary organizations of the swarms and receive instructions in houseGerman-Austrian mission. The G. F. V. hold management, nursing, sewing and

(M. I. A.) Handbook, in German, was embroidery work. At each meeting the

his work, and is in the nature of the youth verbally renew their pledges, the first handbooks used in the stakes of Zion. stipulation of which is tolerance, and which

Monday all members attended the exobliges them to look earnestly at life and cursion and participated in the enjoyment serve their fellowman. The German misfurnished. The districts of the mission sion lies wholly under the direction of

met in a competitive track meet, from young Americans. In the activities of

which the Berlin district emerged as victor. their conference it could be observed that

dances, even fox trots and waltzes, formed

The following article dealing with our a part of the program. The organization

work, was printed in the Berlin Voris carried on according to definitely warts, the SocialDemocratic organ of the printed laws, established by the Americans country, on the 2nd of June, 1928: and no deviation therefrom is permitted.

"Primarily, this American organization From the handbook of instructions issued takes up its labors with the youth and apby the organization the following is 892 IMPROVEMENT ERA

quoted: 'The organization creates ofplayed at this gathering was too apparent.

ficers, confers authority, defines duties, Every young person who wishes to advance promotes obedience, establishes system, in the required disciplinary system and secures order, maintains discipline, divides fields of knowledge receives little seals labor, promotes efficiency and fixes rewhich he or she pastes into a book, a responsbility.'Every duty is exactly and quired number of which admit him or

definitely defined and all actions of an her into a higher order or degree of the officer must be reported to his superiors. work.

The work of the individual is judged "The 'Mormon'Church really underaccording to points like the system emstands how to take the best out of every ployed in autoracing. It cannot be said, existing church and apply it to its adthough, that the young people do not unvantage; it can be looked upon as one of

derstand how to fill this inflexible system the most esteemed and valuable branches with living essence,—the enthusiasm disof American Sectism."

Beat This if You Can George A. B. Mclntyre, stake superinrank now includes six Eagle, two Life,

tendent of South Davis Y. M. M. I. A., five Star, two First and nine Secondclass

sends the following: Scouts.

Troop 105, Centerville First ward, The following is the membership of the

South Davis stake, is making a remarkable troop. Ulysses S. Grant, Max Rich, Clyde

record in Scouting. Nelson H. Smith was Mclntyre, Roscoe Reading, Dale Mowers,

appointed Scoutmaster in October, 1926. Ray Smith, Rodney Porter, John Allen,

The troop was then "Tenderfoot."Its Allen Barber, Franklin Walton, Clifford

Scout Troop No. 105, Centerville First ward. South Davis stake.

MUTUAL WORK 893

Leak, Leon Reeves, Wayne Schofield, good turns-, specified standard of advanceArcher Clayton, Leonard Peterson, Irvin ment, attendance at troop, Sunday School

Mclntyre, Wendell Holmes, Keith Randall, and sacramental meetings, etc. The troop

Frank Duncan, Alton Leak, Melvin scored 98 per cent or more in each of

Everett, Leroy Fornelius, Gerald Bettridge, these activities during the whole period of

Stewart Smith. the contest.

At the district rally held recently these Their bishop, Wesley E. Tingey, is a

boys were awarded first place in inspection scout enthusiast, and in the recent reand firstaid contests, and also awarded the modeling of the meeting house took persilver trophy for the highest efficiency sonal interest in providing the palatial in scouting for the district contest just quarters with showers and other modern closed, in which eight wards competed. facilities now enjoyed by the troop.

Activities in this contest included troop

New Plan for TeacherTraining Classes

"July 19, 1928. important part of Church work. Each

"To the General Boards of auxiliary will carry forward hereafter a

Auxiliary Organizations. line of work more sharply defined and

"Dear Brethren and Sisters: distinguished from all others and of a

"This is to advise you that the Genmore specialized nature than heretofore, eral Authorities of the Church have which has made it advisable that specialapproved the recommendation of the ized training be given the workers in each

Church Board of Education and the organization.

Auxiliary General Boards that in the "In taking the responsibility of trainfuture teacher training shall be carried foring our own workers, we desire to express ward by the respective auxiliary organizaappreciation to the General Board of Edutions for their own workers. cation, Stake and Ward Boards of Educa-

"As you know, for the past several tion, and teacher training workers years teacher training has been a function generally, for the good they have done our of the General Board of Education for the organization in the past. They have estabteaching personnel of all organizations. lished a foundation on which we may

This was done under the assumption, now build. They have spread throughwhich has heretofore been well founded, out the personnel of our organization a

that general principles and methods of desire for personal improvement and efteaching were as applicable to one organficiency. It is hoped that in the future

ization as to another, and that therefore we may be able to capitalize upon the there was no need for more than one work which they commenced.

teacher training organization. Of neces- "Detailed instructions will be sent forsity under this plan teacher training was ward in the near future.

more or less general in its application.

"It is now deemed advisable to make "Very truly yours, more specific to quorum and auxiliary "Franklin S. Davis,

work the study and application of this "Secretary Auxiliary Executives."

INfrEVENT-:

-5g

Captain Emilio Catranza, Mexico's flyhis companion Van Dongen were found ing ace, on what was intended to be a and rescued by Swedish aviators. They

nonstop flight from New York to the had been stranded on Foyn island for three

City of Mexico, was killed in a wooded weeks, and were, according to one report, section twentyfive miles from Mount nearly exhausted for want of food. AnHolly, N. J. His body was found, July other report says "they and their dog

13, 1928, not far from the scene of the team seemed to be in good condition."As

disaster. He had left New York the day long as Arctic explorers have dogs, they

before at 7:18 p. m. and nothing had been are, presumably, not in immediate danger

heard of him since then. It is believed of death by starvation.

that the plane had been struck by lightning during a heavy electrical storm that General Alvaro Obregon was elected visited this region at the time of the president of Mexico, July 2, 1928, for the accident. next six years, beginning Dec. 1, this year.

He was the only candidate for the presNobile Rescued. Gen. Umberto Nobile, idency. It is believed that Obregon will

who v/ith five other members of the crew continue the policy of the present incumof the dirigible Italia has been a castaway bent of the office, and that the era of goodon an ice floe in the Arctic since May 25, will between Mexico and the United States 1928, was reported rescued by Swedish will be prolonged.

aviators June 24, and taken to his rescue ship, Citta di Milano. The Swedish plane Obregon Assassinated. Presidentelect

on runners made a landing near Nobile's of Mexico General Alvaro Obregon was camp and took off the leader of the unslain, July 17, 1928, at a banquet in his fortunate expedition. Later, when the pilot honor at La Bombilla restaurant, San

tried to land again, the plane crashed, and Angel, near the City of Mexico. The

the pilot was marooned among the others murderer approached the table at which instead of Nobile. Dr. Finn Malmgren, the presidentelect was sitting and asked

Captain Alberto Mariano, pilot of the for permission to show him some pictures.

Italia, and Captain Filippo Zappi, naviHe had a gun concealed under these and gator, were discovered, July 11, 1928, by fired several shots into the body of his the Russian aviator Chukhnovsky, on the victim. Gen. Obregon died almost imice, about 20 miles from the position of mediately. The assassin, one Juan Esthe Russian icebreaker, the Kcassin. The capulario, was apprehended. President

three men set out, fortytwo days ago, Calles hurried to San Angel. He issued

from the ice floe camp of the Italia's peremptory orders that the police and army marooned crew, in an effort to reach land officials cooperate immediately in an efand find some means of rescue, but as fort to determine whether it was an irnothing had been heard from them since, responsible act or the result of a deep and as they had but 50 pounds of food political plot.

and no ammunition, they had been given up as lost. The Italia crew, marooned Alpine Stake Divided. At the quarterly

on the ice floe since the disaster to the conference in Lehi, the Alpine stake was dirigible, were rescued by the Russian icedivided into three, Alpine, Lehi and Timbreaker Krassin, July 12. According to a panogos stakes, the presidency, Stephen L.

dispatch from Rome, the five men were Chipman, James H. Clarke and Abel John

all in "normal"condition, including Evans, who have presided since the stake

Natale Ciccioni, whose left leg was broken was first organized, Jan. 13, 1901, having

when the crash came. Captain Sora and been honorably released. Abel John Evans

PASSING EVENTS 895

was appointed a patriarch, and Stephen L. ters. They are C. W. Nibley. Jr., Los

Chipman and James H. Clarke were called Angeles: Alexander Nibley, Los Angeles;

to labor in the presidency of the High Joseph F. Nibley, Salt Lake; Merrill

Priests. The new Alpine stake consists of Nibley, Los Angeles; Dr. James O. Nibley,

the four wards of American Fork, Alpine Portland; Mrs. H. B. Whitney, Salt Lake;

and Highland. Clifford E. Young was Mrs. Harold R. Smoot, Washington, D. C.

chosen president with Earl S. Greenwood

and Jesse M. Walker as counselors. Lehi Hezekiah Eastman Hatch, president of

stake comprises the five wards of Lehi the Thatcher Brothers Banking Company, with Cedar Fort and Fairfield. A. Carlos passed away July 1, 1928, at his home in

Schow was appointed president with Virgil Logan. Utah, after an illness that has

A. Peterson and Rodney C. Allred as lasted for some time. Mr. Hatch was born

counselors. Timpanogos stake comprises in Lehi, Dec. 16, 1855, the son of

the three wards of Pleasant Grove, Manila, Lorenzo Hill and Savonia Eastman Hatch,

Lindon and Windsor. Wilford W. Warearly Utah pioneers. He received bis edunick was appointed to preside, with Jocation in the schools of Franklin, Idaho,

seph Olpin and Edmund Cragun as counand Logan. During his early life he enselors. President Heber J. Grant presided gaged in farming and was a telegraph

and officiated, assisted by Elders Joseph operator in Franklin, where he also acted

Fielding Smith and Stephen L. Richards as assistant postmaster until 1875. He

of the Council of Apostles. then became connected with the Utah

Northern railway, now the Oregon Short

Elder Wm. W. Salmon, for a number of Line, and for a time had charge of the

years engaged in the Stalt Lake temple, died railway station at Ogden, succeeding the at his home in the Kimball apartments, late Brigader General Richard W. Young.

Salt Lake City, July 1, at the age of 89 He left his railway position in 1882, and, years. His birthplace was Kirkintilloch, in connection with Moses Thatcher and

Scotland, and his birth date Nov. 2, 1839. George W. Thatcher, both of Logan; D.

He came to Utah in 1866, having walked Hendricks of Richmond, and S. T. Joselyn

across the plains with a company of imof Omaha, Neb., organized the banking

migrants from Omaha to Salt Lake City. business of Thatcher Brothers and ComHe served in the Black Hawk war, and, pany. On October 16, 1884, Mr. Hatch

later, became one of President Young's was married to Miss Georgia Thatcher, a bodyguards. He leaves the following sons daughter of Joseph W. Thatcher, who died

and daughters; Mrs. Charles J. Ross, Wilin 1919. To them nine children were

liam J. Salmon, Mrs. Emma Hernandez, born, six of whom are now living, as

Mrs. Mabel McGrath, Mrs. Viola Despain follows: Mrs. Asa Bullen, Waldo M. and

and Jeanne, Ann, Orson, Hyrum, Parley, Adrian W. Hatch, all of Logan; Mrs. W.

Willard and Alonzo Salmon. Twentysix W. Anderson of Ogden, J. Eastman Hatch

grandchildren also survive. of Salt Lake, and L. Boyd Hatch of New

Mrs. Charles \V. Nibley, wife of PresYork. H. Summer Hatch. Hannah and Laident Charles W. Nibley, of the First fayette Hatch, the latter having died while

Presidency of the Church, passed away at on a mission to Holland, all preceded him their home in Salt Lake City, July 2, in death. He also is survived by several

1928. Mrs. Nibley was taken ill somebrothers and sisters. On June 12, 1924,

time ago but seemed to recover her health. Mr. Hatch married Ella G. McQuarrie.

Her death came, therefore, unexpectedly. who also survives him.

Pneumonia is given as the cause of the death. Mrs. Nibley was born in Salt Lake Governor Alfred E. Smith was nominCity, on March 30, 1851, the daughter ated for the presidency of the United States,

of Alexander and Mrs. Ellen Neibaur. She by the Democratic convention at Houston.

was the daughter of handcart pioneers. She Texas. June 28, by a vote of 849 2-3 of

is survived by five sons and two daughthe 1 1 00 votes present. The plat896 IMPROVEMENT EjtA

form pledges the party to "strict enforceeight years old and won his way to an ment of the prohibition amendment, as honored position in the United States well as of all other laws."Ohio was the senate. Senator Gooding first came into

first to change her vote to Smith, after the prominence as governor of Idaho during first roll call. That state added 44 votes the hectic days surrounding the trial of the

to the 724 already cast, and then one state late "Big Bill"Haywood, charged with after another followed the example. the murder of Governor Frank Steunen-

"Old Folks'Day"was observed June berg in the early years of the century. His

27, 1928, in Liberty Park, Salt Lake City, unflinching demands that Haywood and with about 3,000 old folks from Salt his alleged accomplices be brought to trial,

Lake City and vicinity present. In the despite almost daily threats against bis life,

crowd there were six, four men and two won him a firm place in the esteem of the women, who had passed, or were about to people of the state. Following two terms

pass, the century mark. The oldest man as governor, Mr. Gooding returned to dipresent was Alfred Lewis, colored, who rection of his sheep business, but in 1918

will be 104 years on Aug. 10. He was returned once more to political activity as

born in Alabama, and is a member of the candidate for the senate.

Church. Francis Halliday is 101 years old. Toll of the Storm. Eight persons are

The principal speaker of the occasion was dead, hundreds are homeless, and propPresident Heber J. Grant. Mayor John erty damage is estimated at two million

F. Bowman also made a short address. dollars, as a result of the storms which

Ralph Graham Savage, the well known swept over southwestern Oklahoma, southphotographer, died at his home in Salt ern Kansas and southwestern Missouri durLake City, June 24, 1928, after an ating the week ending June 16, 1928. In

tack of pneumonia. He was the son of the fortymile swath cut by a tornado,

the late C. R. Savage and Annie Adkins which devastated Blair and Headrick in

Savage, and was born on April 13, 1860, southwestern Oklahoma Saturday night, at Council Bluffs, Iowa, while his parfour negroes lost their lives, seventeen were ents were crossing the plains to Utah. In injured and some 300 families, outside of

1891 he fulfilled a mission for the L. D. the wrecked towns were left without

S. Church in Great Britain. He married homes. Property damage was estimated

LaBelle Davis in 1886. Surviving Mr. at $1,500,000. The Verdigris river at

Savage are four children, Melvin L. and Coffeyville, Kan., was on the verge of

Newton C. Savage, and Mrs. Merle S. spilling over its banks. Many farmers in

Pauli, all of Salt Lake, and Mrs. Martha southern Pratt and Kiowa counties in Kan-

S. Ward of Southgate, Calif. Six grandsas were homeless as the result of an inchildren and the following brothers and verse twister, which swept a path a quarter

sisters also survive: Roscoe E. and George of a mile wide between Greensburg and

L. Savage, Salt Lake; Ray T. Savage, Sawyer. Tornado damage also was caused

Los Angeles; Arlie F. Savage, Santa near Chanute and Salina, Kan.

Monica; Mrs. Nan Richardson, Mrs. Miss Amelia Earhart of Boston crossed

Fannie S. Brother, Mrs. J. Reuben Clark, the Atlantic, as a passenger in the monoSalt Lake; Mrs. Lennie S. Riter, Los plane Friendship, with Wilmer Stultz as

Angeles, and Mrs. H. O. Jensen of Santa pilot and Lou Gordon as mechanic, landMonica. ing at Burryport, Wales, June 18, 1928.

Senator Frank A. Gooding, of Idaho, Owing to stormy weather and low visipassed away, June 24, 1928, at the home bility, they missed their goal, Southhampof his daughter, Gooding, Idaho, 69 years ton, by 130 miles. They took off from

old. His death brought to a close one of Trepassey, Newfoundland, early in the

the most dramatic careers in Idaho history. morning, June 17. Miss Earhart is the

Born in England in 1859, he came to first woman to be taken across the Atlantic

America with his parents when he was in a plane.

A New Tear—

Another Opportunity

all welcome additional chances of doing what WEwe have wanted to do. There is another opportunity for the youth of the State of Utah

either to begin or to continue their higher education at

The University of Utah The following schedule of registration is announced for the Autumn Quarter:

for FreshThursday, September 27—Registration Day

men.

Friday and Saturday, September 28 and 29—Special

instruction for Freshmen.

Monday, October for all other stu- 1—Registration

dents.

Tuesday, October begins. 2—Instruction

Plan Now to Attend The State's highest institution of learning offers the youth of the State splendid opportunities to prepare themselves for a complete life. An extremely rich

selection of courses is available to the young men and young women either for general cultural development or for specific training in the various fields. The University has the most complete curriculum in the Rocky

Mountain territory. High standard work for serious

minded students has placed the University in an enviable position in the educational work of the west.

Write for catalogue.

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH SALT LAKE CITY

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

FOR YOUR VACATION Visit Utah's Playgrounds FOR YOUR HOUSEHOLD Use Utah's Sugar SEE AND SELL OUR NATURAL WONDERS

BOOST AND BUY LOCAL PRODUCTS

BOTH ARE INCOMPARABLE

THE

Utah Agricultural College Announces the Opening of Its Fall Quarter For Monday, September 17 Freshman Registration Friday and Saturday

September 14 and 15 Courses Offered in the Schools of:

Agriculture Education

Arts and Science Engineering Commerce Home Economics Write for a Catalogue.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

GROWN LARGE By DOING SMALL JOBS WELL "Distinctive Printing In All Its Branches""WQgg2 The Deseret News Press 29 Richards Street Salt Lake City

First Stenog: "Did you observe Fire Prevention Week?"

Second Stenog: "Yes, I got into the office earlier; the boss was getting sore."

Captain (to Irishman applying for job on board a ship): "Have you ever been to sea

before?"The Son of Erin: "Do you think I came over from Oireland in a cab?"

"But, surely,"urged Jones, "seeing is believing."

"Not necessarily,"replied Brown. "For instance, I see you every day."

Did Tou Ever Think This of If you are not specifically trained for some type of useful employment it will not be long before the world will point its finger at you and call you a failure.

Ours is a school of opportunity. Here you have a chance

to do the best you can, independently of what anybody else may do.

EVERY MONDAY we open the doors of opportunity when shall we have the privilege of welcoming you?

L. D. S. Business College

Write for Information

"Utah's Largest Commercial Training School

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Advertising Policy of the Era We accept only the highest class of advertising. We recommend to oar

readers the firms and goods found in our advertisingpages

ADVERTISERS IN THIS ISSUE Agricultural College of Utah Ellas Morris & Sons Co.

Beneficial Life Ins. Co. Shapiro Trunk & Bag Co.

Daynes Beebe Music Co. Southern Pacific Lines

Deseret Book Store Standard Furniture Co.

Deseret News University of Utah

Fleischmann's Yeast Utah Home Fire Ins. Co.

Jensens Jewelers UtahIdaho Sugar Co.

Jos. Wm. Taylor, Undertaker Zion's Cooperative Merc. Inst.

L. D. S. Business College

First Farmer: "I've got a freak over on my farm. It's a twolegged calf."

Second Farmer: "I know it. He was over to call on my daughter last night."

Knows Her Own Bomb. Elsie: "Have you heard the story that's going around about

Eurnice?"Grace: "Heard it? Why, honey, I started it."American Legion Monthly.

Cat Out of the Bag. "Miss Lamb—er—Sylvia—there's a question I've been wanting to

ask you for weeks."

"Carry on, old thing, the answer's been waiting for months."Everybody's Weekly.

All Lit Up. Having been told that it was electricity that made his mother's hair snap

when she combed it, Johnny bragged to a visitor: "We're a wonderful family, mother has

electricity in her hair and grandma has gas on her stomach."Wright Engine Builder.

"Finally, My Physician Recommended FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST""I am an automobile mechanic,"writes J. R. Bridges of Salt Lake City, "and

have been working at this trade for the past six years. Working on automobiles

makes it necessary to handle machine parts covered with dirty greases and oH, which is very hard to remove from your hands and face.

"After getting a severe case of boils I tried all kinds of remedies suggested by my friends but did not obtain any relief. I finally went to my physician and he

recommended that I eat one cake of Fleischmann's Yeast onehalf hour before each meal. After eating the Yeast regularly for three weeks I began to notice that the

boils were drying up and in two months they had entirely disappeared."

Fleischmann's Yeast is not in any sense a medicine—it is a vegetable, fresh as

new celery. Its curative properties gently, naturally rouse the sluggish muscles of the

intestines, and clear the system of the poisons of constipation. Your complexion, too,

now clear and fresh, will reflect your newfound vigor and health.

Eat three cakes each day, one before each meal or between meals. Dissolve it in

water, hot or cold; eat it plain or any other way you prefer.

FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST At All Grocers'

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

TO GAIN KNOWLEDGE IS TO GROW To Read Good Books Will Help You Gain Knowledge

The M. I. A. Reading Course is selected to help you gain

knowledge and have enjoyment while you do it.

Send $6.50 (Special Cash Offer I Now for a Complete Set.

Deseret Book Company P. O. Box 1793 Salt Lake City, Utah

JOSEPH WILLIAM TAYLOR

UTAH'S LEADING 1872 UNDERTAKER 1928 Best Equipped for Calls Night or Day in or Out of the City

Price of Caskets at Your Suiting—Services the Latest Advancement

Phones Wasatch 7600, Both Office and Residence 2125 SOUTH WEST TEMPLE STREET

Fire Is No Respecter Of Persons

You may wait till tomorrow to insure but the fire may not.

"See our agent in your town"UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents Salt Lake City, Utah

IfHEX WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

I E L13 WM 5HF. FF

E 13 I) I d K>,M UT

BENNETT GLASS & PAINT COMPANY

This is "Outside Trim"month in the year-

L erty Life Insurance"Products. Aug US. round painting program for Bennett's "PropYour Dealer Has Them

Ask your dealer for the famous Z. C. M. I.

FactoryMade MOUNTAINEER OVERALLS For men, youths, boys and children.

1 9-oz. CopperRiveted WAIST OVERALLS

For men and boys. Wear

'em and let 'er buck.

Guaranteed for Quality, Fit and Service

ALLOVERS and PLAY SUITS for Children

Suppose We Should Guarantee You the Fulfilment of these it Marvelous? Think You Not

should suddenly snatch accident or IllnessTout IncomeDesires—Wouldto continue eren thoug-h

you away or render you unfit for work. An Income for your wife—a college

education for your children. The ownership of your home In ten years from now.

The possibility of retirement and the Joy of travel and leisure In yonr later year*.

Impossible! Absolutely not. These dreams can be realised

if you act now—Make today's hopes realities tomorrow.

A Beneficial Policy Is the Key to Success

Blots out your worries—Brings peace of mind

Beneficial Life Insurance Go.

Home Office, Vermont BIdg.—Salt Lake

Heber J. Grant, President Lorenzo N'. Stohl, Manager

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA