ch in the Germanic Lands, ind Times of Martin Harris, pages

''Tffc llfi - '"j"j jj > j **- #rfrn "ii'il py,

ti wm i

a i n efe's mote forydu atYU SummefSctiool!

SPECIAL FEATURES CALENDAR OF EVENTS H

Summer School scholarships available May 31, Application for admission due.

for new students. Apply before June 1114, Education Week on campus.

May 1, 1969.

June 1314, New student orientation

Outstanding graduate programs in seventyeight fields of specialzation. June 16, Registration

Extensive undergraduate offerings June 17 Instruction begins in fiftysix departments. July 4, National holiday observed.

Eminent resident faculty augmented July 18, First Term ends by distinguished guest instructors. July 19, Second Term registration.

Workshops, seminars, conferences, July 21, Second Term begins.

institutes, festivals, and lyceums.

July 24, State holiday observed

Classes in airconditioned buildings.

July 26 School in session (Saturday).

Worldfamous Timpanogos Hike.

August 21, Second Term ends.

Wide variety of recreational activities including boating, fishing, hiking and swimming. August 21, NinetyFourth Summer Convocation.

Attractive living accomodation in airconditioned University housing. Write for a free Summer School Catalog today.

Gigantic 4th of July celebration. Summer School Director

Brigham Young University Cultural enrichment through lectures, plays, concerts, and exhibits. Provo, Utah 84601

Half the fun is a summer in HISTORIC PROVO UTAH a city of recreation which hosts the largest July 4th Celebration in the nation

Convenience, excitement, and enjoyment all describe the pleasures awaiting you in Provo City during your leisure hours out of the classroom. Provo is a city

designed for living. Facilities abound for recreational

and cultural pursuits to make your summer here the experience of a lifetime.

The Voice of the Church March 1969 Volume 72, Number 3

On the Cover: Special Features

The countries of Germany, Austria, and 2 Editor's Page: Four Guideposts, President David 0. McKay

Switzerland, ancestral homeland of 4 The Church Among the Germanspeaking Peoples, Jay M. Todd

many Latterday Saints, are featured on 14 Five Memories J Would Like to Have this month's cover. Upper left is beau36 Planning for the Future, J. Randolph Ayre

tiful St. Gilgen in the Austrian Salzkam58 The Life and Times of Martin Harris

mergut; upper right, the Swiss Temple

at Bern; middle left, a medieval castle 62 The Certainty of the Skeptical Witness (Part 6), Dr. Richard Lloyd

Anderson overlooking the Rhine; middle right, the

68 Operation Goodwill, Edwin Butterworth majestic Matterhorn, which soars into

Swiss skies; bottom, the chapel bridge 72 An LDS Mother Looks at TV, Mary L. Bradford

on Vierwaldstadter Lake at Lucerne, 76 A New Look at the Pearl of Great Price: Part 8, The Unknown Abraham

Switzerland. The photograph of the (continued), Dr. Hugh Nibley

Swiss Temple is from Church Information Service. All other photographs Regular Features

are by Roebild, Frankfurt on Main. 10 The Era Asks About the Church in Germanic Lands

Perhaps the best known Latterday Saint 16 Melchizedek Priesthood Page: How to Listen, Elder Marion D. Hanks

of AustrianGerman-Swiss extraction is 26 Teaching: The Gospel and Respect for Authority, Dr. Sterling R. Provost

Karl G. Maeser, famed for his influence

in molding Brigham Young Academy 30 Lest We Forget: Karl G. Maeser, Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

(now Brigham Young University) at 34 The Presiding Bishop's Page: The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth

Provo, Utah. In honor of Brother About Repentance, Bishop John H. Vandenberg

Maeser's contributions to education, the 74 The LDS Scene

Church placed a plaque on the home of 86 Today's Family: Luncheon for Half a Hundred, Florence B. Pinnock

his birth at Meiszen, Saxony, Germany, 90 The Church Moves On in 1928. See page 4 for "The Church 92 Buffs and Rebuffs

Among the GermanSpeaking Peoples,"94 These Times: The Journey to the Moon and the Message to the Earth,

page 10 for "The Era Asks About the Dr. G. Homer Durham

Church in Germanic Lands,"and page 96 End of an Era 30 for "Lest We Forget: Karl G. Maeser."19, 89, 90 The Spoken Word, Richard L. Evans

Era of Youth 4156 Marion D. Hanks and Elaine Cannon, Editors

Fiction, Poetry 20 Be Jubilant, My Feet, Lael J. Littke

25, 85, 93 Poetry

D. Hanks,Editor; MabelEra of JonesYouth Gabbott,Editor; ElaineJay M.Cannon,Todd, EditorialReynolds,Editors;Associates;ArtDoyleDirector;L. Green,FlorenceNormanManagingB. F.pinnock.Price,Editor;StaffToday'sAlbertArtistFamilyL Zobell,Editor;Jr., MarionResearch DavidEleanorEra of O.YouthKnowles,McKayAssociateandWilliamRichardEditor;T. Sykes,L.RalphEvans,

F.ContributingScott, BusinessEditors.Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Acting Business G.G,ManagerCarlosHomer Smith,andDurham,SubscriptionJr., GeneralFranklinDirector;Manager;S. Harris,ThayerFlorenceJr., HughEvans,S. Jacobsen.Nibley,S. GlennSidneyAssociateSmith,B. Sperry,AdvertisingGeneral AlbertManager;Representatives.L. Payne,Verl

the by Saints, and of of Church Association Improvement Mutual Superintendent, Young General a SubscriptionLatterday reserved.Christ 1969.$3.00 Latterday of Christ of Men'sof Church Jesus The Associations Mutual Improvement

for year,publishedcopy, price;price, inexceptadvance; single threeyear a to 35* Allyearof the year. rightsJesusadded TheSaints.$2.50 succeeding years, each $8.25; years, $5.75; 3 subscriptions. 2

issues. specialmultiple

for in section provided postage 1103, of rate special for at mailing Acceptance matter. class Utah, second as Office, Salt at Lake the

1918. July authorized City,2, Post1917, October Enteredact

be acceptance must for paid on are and Manuscripts contributions. welcomes manuscripts but is for responsible not ofImprovement The

for delivery unsolicitedand postage sufficientEra by accompanied

Address magazine. of issue recent slip the a address from include please change, ordering address. of for return.When required notice days'Thirty

is included. the well aone new address old as thechange as unless be cannot ismade changes

OfficialSystem, organand otherof theagenciesPriesthoodof The Quorums,Church of JesusMutualChristImprovementof LatterdayAssociations,Saints. Home Teaching Committee, Music Committee, Church School

The improvement Era, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

March 1969 TTie Responsibility of Parents

We are living in a most momentous age. We see

on every hand manifestations of commotion. The

world seemingly is stirred as it has never been stirred Eour before. Old forms and methods are quickly giving

way to new ones. In the midst of this world commotion, the home—the fundamental institution of society

—is also threatened.Guide Latterday Saints, the responsibility of saving the

sacred institution of the home devolves largely upon you, for you know that the family ties are eternal.

There is nothing temporary in the home of a Latterposts day Saint. There is no element of transitoriness in

the family relationship of the Latterday Saint home.

All such ties are eternal and should be maintained.

The Editor's Page To the Latterday Saint, the home is truly the first unit of society, and parenthood is next to godhood.

The relationship of the children to the parents should

By President David O. McKay

be one that would enable those children to carry out ideal citizenship as they become related to the state and to larger forms of society. The secret of good

citizenship lies in the home. The secret of instilling

faith in God, faith in his Son, the Redeemer of the world, and faith in the organizations of the Church lies in the home. There it is centered.

God has placed upon parents the responsibility of i instilling these principles into the minds of their RTHi children. The Sunday School, Mutual Improvement

Associations, Primary, and seminaiy are all helps, established to assist in the upbuilding and guidance of KJpHB the youth, but none of these—great and important

factors as they are in the lives of our youth—can supplant the permanence and the influence of the parents

in the home.

The Man Who Is True

The man who is true to his manhood will not lie against the truth. There is within every man that

which is divine. The man who will be true to the divine within is true to his Lord and to his fellowmen.

The man who is untrue to that which he knows to be right is wavering and weakening. He may go so far

that he will step out of the light, out of that divine presence, and woe be unto him when he does.

We have declared to the world that we have the gospel of Christ, that we are going to stand against vice. Shall we forsake this cause in order to please

men? Or because we desire to give "eye service"

rather than "heart service"? No! We shall stand true

to ourselves, true to the divine within us, true to that truth which we have received. We need to know that

it is not good to have evil surrounding us, to draw

Improvement Era

away our young and lead them into the darkness of tracks, and stretching her wires, and bridging the misery and despair. Let us be true today. Let us act! oceans. But where are they? Who shall breathe into

When we are thrown into the company of men who our civil and political relations the breath of a higher will try to tempt us, let us be true unto death. life?"

All men who have moved the world have been men "The most important thing in the world,"says a who would stand true to their conscience—such men great scientist, "is not the discovery of Galileo, Faraas Peter, James, and Paul, and their brethren of the day, or others, but a belief in the reality of moral

ancient apostles, and also others. When the religious and spiritual values."

leaders of Palmyra, New York, turned against the I appeal to youth to be courageous in maintaining youthful Joseph Smith for what he had seen and the moral and spiritual values of the gospel of Jesus heard in the Sacred Grove, he said, having a testiChrist. After all, "For what is a man profited, if he

mony of the Lord Jesus in his bosom: "... I had seen a shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul? or

vision; I knew it, and I knew that God knew it, and what shall a man give in exchange for his soul?"

I could not deny it, neither dared I do it."(Joseph (Matt. 16:26.)

Smith 2:25.) With faith in an overruling power, in the personal,

Joseph Smith was true to his testimony to the last. intimate protection of our Father (and we believe he

When he approached Carthage, Illinois, he said to is just that—a loving Father ) let us face our difficulties

those who were with him: "I am going like a lamb to with courage.

the slaughter, but I am calm as a summer's morning. "Be of good courage, and he will strengthen your

I have a conscience void of offense toward God and heart, all ye that hope in the Lord."(Ps. 31:24.)

toward all men."(Documentary History of the Church,

mony and his manhood. He was a man who possessed

divine manhood. In the Church we sometimes find two groups of

That is the manhood the Latterday Saints should people: the builders and the murmurers. Let each

possess in defending the truth. That is the manhood ask himself: "In which class should I be placed?"

we all need, as we labor in our Church callings, to We are called upon to perform duties. When the

inspire our young people with that same truth; it is priesthood and auxiliary leadership introduce new

that truth that we need in combating all kinds of error. programs, many of the members will say, "Yes, we

will do it. Let us perform in these new programs."

"Be of Good Courage"But sometimes we hear a murmurer, a faultfinder, who will say, "No. We cannot do that."Misjudging moCourage to maintain our ideals is an area in which tives, some soon find themselves with Laman and

we can manifest activity and merit the approval of Lemuel instead of with Nephi, whose actions exGod. These are times when men should keep their pressed willingness to follow the voice of God. (See

heads and not be swept from their moorings by every 1 Ne. 17:17ff.)

will-o'-thewisp theory that is offered as a panacea for Let us watch ourselves and be true to the examples our present ills. The times call for courageous youth set by our leaders. The warning is sometimes exto hold aloft the moral standard. In that field we may pressed: "Speak not against the authorities."What

find the truest courage. does it mean? It means "be not a murmurer."MurIt is said that heroism is concentrated courage. But muring against priesthood and auxiliary leaderour greatest heroes are not always found on the battleship is one of the most poisonous things that can be

field, although we read of such men daily. I think we introduced into the home of a Latterday Saint. Why

find them also among our youth at home: young are leaders called to their positions? To benefit themmen and young women who will stand up fearlessly selves? No, not once can one point to an instance in

and denounce those things which they know will this Church where a person was called for his personal sap the character, the very life energy, of youth. benefit. When a call is made, it is made to bless

"Never was there a time in the history of the world,"someone, some class, or humanity at large. That is the

said Mark Hopkins, "when moral heroes were more mission of every member, from the President of the needed. The world waits for such. The providence Church down to the latest convert. Everyone holds

of God has commanded science to labor and prepare his position to build up, to bless, to establish righthe way for such. For them she is laying her iron teousness, purity, and virtue among mankind. o

March 1969 The only LDS chapel in Poland, built in 1929 A 1927 Sunday School outing of the Saints of Breslau, Germany

jL IIC vjllLll vJl jljlIIIIJII

By Jay M. Todd

Editorial Associate Few nations or peoples have enjoyed the power, Switzerland form much of the vocabulary of man's commerce, educational attainments, scientific brilgreatest achievements: Martin Luther, Goethe, Bach,

liance, and cultural achievements as did the Germanic Beethoven, Wagner, Copernicus, Kant, and literally lands during the last half of the nineteenth century dozens of others.

and the early years of the twentieth century, the years In the last half of the nineteenth century, Germany in which the young Mormon missionary from the Far was a leader in nearly all scientific fields, was famed

West first went to those countries. for her universities, which made her a mecca for

The very names of people with gifted minds and students the world over, and was respected as the noble spirits who were born in Austria, Germany, and mightiest military and industrial continental power.

Elders of 1904 visiting German villages. Church printing for eight languages is done in Frankfurt, Germany

Typical of new chapels is this one in Dusseldorf, South German Mission.

European Church administration offices, Frankfurt, Germany Eager faces of Swiss Primary youth. Frankfurt Conference

Germanspeaking Peoples

She was a bustling, confident nation, which only as it was apparent that another spirit was being ushered late as 1871 had united her city and state republics in.

under Bismarck to form the nation known as GerBy the time Brother Maeser returned to Utah in many—the youngest of all European powers. Into this 1870 to direct the new Brigham Young Academy at

maelstrom of intellectual, industrial, and military pride, Provo, some 600 persons had joined the Church, the Latterday Saint missionary began to sow his nearly all of them in Switzerland. But the typical

seeds of humility and peace. The planting was reaction still facing missionaries was that reported by

difficult. Elder C. W. Wilcken: "The Germans say they are too

The first known member of the Church to set foot smart to believe in angels appearing and men having on German soil, however, was not an American misrevelations in these days. When I was in Holstein, I

sionary; it was James Howard, a British convert who was told such stuff would do to tell the Indians, but

went to Hamburg to work in a foundry. At the reto an enlightened people, they laughed at it."

quest of the brethren in England, he tried to preach And so it went. In contrast to the thousands who

the gospel, but he found conditions such that on joined the Church in England and in Scandinavia,

September 13, 1840, he wrote his wife, "I am too weak little success, sporadic and often shortlived branches, a creature to do anything without them [the brethren] an apathetic public, and chilly relations with governin Hamburg."ments characterized the Church's experiences in

For ten more years no one did much to spread the Germanspeaking countries until the turn of the gospel in the Germanic countries, even though Elder century. In Switzerland, in particular, convert success

Orson Hyde spent ten months in Germany on his tour was even more dismal. For one century—from 1860to Palestine. Not until 1851 was the first recorded 1960—reports showed that each year the number of

baptism performed in Germany. Even then the work convert baptisms was lower than the alltime high of

progressed slowly, and with considerable governmental about 300 in 1862.

opposition, as first one elder, then another faced Those persons who did join the Church soon realized banishment from a citystate or small republic. By that to raise their children among Latterday Saints

1855, three years after the Book of Mormon had been would require immigration to America—a pattern often

published in German, only 165 persons had joined the followed by the Germanspeaking Saints until only

Church in Germany. By 1854, Switzerland had done about three decades ago. Such immigration decisions

little better—with just 144 converts. were fortified as a result of the German economic

Not until the late 1860's did the picture begin to crash of 1875. It is estimated that following the crash

brighten in terms of a sharp increase in converts. In some two and a half million Germans immigrated to

1868 Karl G. Maeser, a German convert called to preAmerica.

side over a mission in Germany and Switzerland, Year after year new missionaries arrived, and year wrote: "Many things throughout the mission had after year "one of a city, and two of a family"(see

indicated, for some time, a coming change like the Jer. 3:14) entered the waters of baptism. But year

rippling of the surface before the coming breeze, and after year veiled or open hostility greeted these

March 1969 Final scene in the dance festival of the AllGermanic Youth Con Architect Frankfurt President David O. McKay, presiding

ference. The letters GFV are German equivalent for MIA. office at the Swiss Temple groundbreaking

emmissaries of truth, as is indicated by these quotes reported: "Inevitably the ravages of war, in which

from the mission histories: "Our application to preach many of the officers and members of the branches

in Baden was denied"—1875. "President Stucki was were called away into military services, some never

arrested and fined for publishing a pamphlet"—1876. to return, led to the dissolution of certain branches,

"The elders were jailed and banished"—1880. "The and considerable diminution in numbers of others. It

first converts baptized in Austria"—1883. "The congreis most remarkable, however, that, in spite of this,

gation was arrested in an effort to find the missionmost branches, in fact nearly all, have kept up some aries. The books were confiscated"—1897. "In Saxony sort of organization and track of their members, holdthe Elders received word from the officers that they ing meetings whenever and wherever possible...."

are not allowed to hold any Sabbath schools, neither

Karl G. Maeser, German conPresident Heber J. Grant on

are they allowed to admit any children to the meetings vert, early Church educator European tour, at Breslau under 18 years old. They were also refused permisgpfc - "

sion to distribute tracts"—1900.

The new century seemed to open, at least in part, a new spirit in Germany. In 1906 President Joseph F.

Smith, the first president of the Church to travel abroad during his administration, visited Germany. A

year later, President Serge F. Ballif of the united

Swiss and German missions wrote: "As I travel from

place to place I see great masses of humanity who I believe are ready for the gospel; I feel it in my bones."

His impressions were correct; in the next three years

over 2,500 converts joined the Church—a figure that

broke all baptismal records for the Germanspeaking countries.

But the resistance against the Americanbased

Church did not decline. Four years later, on August

30, 1914, a startling message reached Germany from

Churchheadquarters: "Release all missionaries and

take immediate steps to get them to London...."

Nearly 200 missionaries left some 60 branches in

Switzerland and Germany and headed for England.

World War I was underway.

Three years to the month later, President Angus J.

Cannon obtained government permission to visit the branches of the Church throughout Germany. He

Helmuth Hubener, young Mormon beheaded by the Nazis It was a pattern that was to be duplicated 20 years presidents and counselors. The Lord's faithful were

later when Adolf Hitler rose to power as "der Fuehrer."not to be left untrained in the principles of the priestDuring those 20 years between the two world wars, hood.

the story of the Church in the Germanic countries saw The instructions came none too quickly, for on its finest hours. As peace settled once more upon the August 25, 1939, Elder Joseph Fielding Smith of the

world, the plan of the Prince of Peace again began to Council of the Twelve arrived in Germany to inform seep into the souls of the honest in heart. Reviewing all missionaries to leave at once. And herein lies one

the SwissGerman Mission in 1920, President Serge F. of the most inspiring stories of World War II. PresiBallif said: "We have in the mission over 60 missiondent Douglas Wood called a tall, 200pound missionary

aries, and they are all traveling without purse or from Idaho into his office and said, "Elder, we have script. They are humble, prayerful, clean, and pure, 31 missionaries lost somewhere between here and the

willing and ready to do all that is required of them."Dutch border. It will be your mission to find them

By 1925 the Germanic missions were divided, as they and see that they get out."

had been several times previously, into the GermanThe young elder set out with 500 marks and some

Austrian Mission, with a record membership of 6,125 tickets for Denmark and London, and was told to members, and the SwissGerman Mission, with a recfollow his impressions entirely. He boarded a train

ord membership of 5,305 members—over 11,000 Gerand headed westward, not knowing where to go.

manspeaking Saints! Cologne was not his destination, but he felt impressed

It was a remarkable foundation for steady and sure to get off the train there. The large station was filled

growth. Taking a leaf from today's public relations with thousands of people. How was he to find the

booklet, Germanspeaking Saints celebrated the one missionaries? He began to whistle "Do What Is

hundredth anniversary of the Church in 1930 with Right,"and in a corner of the station an elder and a displays and exhibits that drew large crowds. Over married missionary couple heard the call and quickly

250,000 tracts on the Word of Wisdom were dissemreceived their tickets for Denmark.

inated at an exhibit in Dresden, and in Bern the Saints The tall elder again boarded the train and continued won many friends with their Hygiene and Sports his mission, getting off at border stations at town after

Exposition. "Never have we received more favorable town only when he felt inspired to do so. Led by

publicity from the German press,"said President Fred

Tadje. Highlight of a recent youth conference was Rhine River trip.

Elder John A. Widtsoe, then president of the

European Mission, wrote shortly thereafter about the

German and Swiss Saints: "None are more faithful

and devoted in the whole Church."

But the forces of evil were not idle. Nazi soldiers

were goosestepping, and the regime's attitude toward the Church soon manifested itself. In May 1933 Nazi

soldiers interrupted a gathering of the Saints; that

same month in another part of Germany two missionaries were beaten by a uniformed Nazi. In 1934 the

Church's Boy Scout movement was disbanded by government order, and the tract Divine Authority was prohibited. A year later Articles of Faith by Elder James

E. Talmage was banned, and copies of the book

were ordered burned. In 1937 permission was withdrawn for distribution of most of the other tracts of

the Church. A year later some leading German inspiration, he found 17 missionaries, who were able

Latterday Saints were jailed and charged with "high to flee Germany that night. Shortly thereafter a retreason"for fulfilling their religious duties. The port reached mission headquarters that all missionshadow of Hitler had been cast. aries were safely out of Germany. Nine days later

Despite these difficulties, the forces of righteousthe war broke out.

ness were not left without preparation for that which The story of the Church in Germany and Austria was to come. It is inspiring to read that on July 2, during the war years is full of inspiring incidents. Few

1935, instructions were sent to all missionaries in dared speak against the Nazis, yet three young memGermany to find and set apart local leaders as branch bers of the Church did. After listening to a British

March 1969 Saints who had lost their belongings in the air raids, such as the efforts of the Altona Branch on behalf of suffering members in the Ruhr District.

Many times during 194344, when the Allies were bombing heavily, the Saints were inspired to leave their sacrament or Sunday School meetings to prepare for an air raid.

In 1945, toward the war's end, District President

Willy Deters wrote: "Hell has opened its fiery portals.

It is almost impossible to visit the branches. Planes

attack trains constantly. No rest can be found at night.

Many of the brethren are called into the service that are either very young, 15, or over 50 in an organization called 'Volkssturm,'so that they might save the fatherland. Reasoning now has changed to madness."

Quartet festival entries at Germanic youth conference The war had reaped its terror and destruction, and had left its mark on millions of Germans. More than

radio program, these youths printed and distributed 600 Saints were known to have been killed, another the information in public places. One of them, Hel- 2,500 were missing, and more than 80 percent were

muth Hiibener, was given the death sentence for high homeless. In Bremen alone, 95 percent of the Saints

treason and beheaded by an ax. The other two were lost their homes. There was little food, and in Danzig

sentenced to concentration camps. Today, a building members lived on "weeds, cats, dogs, a few potatoes,

in Hamburg honors young Brother Hiibener, a Latterand carcasses of animals. As the old and sick couldn't

day Saint who dared to speak out. obtain even these things, it was suggested that this

Some of the poignant stories surround the efforts of 'food'should be tithed, and accordingly a tenth of it

German branches to gather clothing for other German was given to the most needy."No finer testimony to

Typical new chapel is the Coburg chapel, South German Mission. New Servicemen's StakeEurope meets at Kaiserslautern chapel.

West Berlin chapel in Berlin Stake is styled in modern gothic.

the gospel's power and effectiveness need be given, and press relations. President McKay set the spirit for

Tested in the crucible of fear, hunger, and destitution, this remarkable accomplishment with his 1952 tour of the faithful Saints who found themselves victims of Switzerland and Germany. Many tears were shed as

man's worst expression—war—were characterized by "Wir Danken Dir Herr fuer Propheten"was sung in

love and brotherhood. hallowed and reverent tones.

In 1945, when President Heber J. Grant died, Three years later the Tabernacle Choir toured Germemorial services were held in some of the branches, many and Switzerland and sang at the dedication of

In Berlin, over 300 Saints crowded a hall whose the Swiss Temple, spreading immense goodwill and capacity was 175. Among them were numerous Latterstirring people of both nations with the goodness of

day Saint American servicemen and women. The the Mormon people.

mission report reads: "In every instance the men and At the opening temple session, Elder Benson dewomen in khaki were welcome and made to feel at clared: "This is the greatest event for our Church that

home. They were met at the door with 'Ein Bruder?'has occurred in Europe since the gospel was brought

When the answer was 'yes,'the doors opened wide, to these lands 118 years ago. There is no greater faith

The word 'bruder came to be sort of a password."in the Church anywhere than has been demonstrated

The rebuilding of a nation, a people, homes and by the Saints in Europe."

families, and even one's life, now became the most Today, some 30,000 Germanspeaking Saints enjoy dominant concern. Within months Elder Ezra Taft the modern freedoms, comforts, and advances of

Benson of the Council of the Twelve was in Germany Germany, Austria, and Switzerland. As elsewhere, the

assessing the members'welfare needs, preparing the Church enjoys increasingly good publicity and respect, way for tons of clothing and food for needy Saints. Many Europeans listen to the Armed Forces radio

A year later the Dutch Saints sent a shipment of network and hear the Tabernacle Choir's weekly potatoes to the German Saints, and each member rebroadcasts.

ceived 25 pounds. President David O. McKay called The Church there is symbolized by young missionit "one of the greatest acts of true Christian conduct aries going twoby-two throughout cities and villages,

ever brought to my attention."Once more, the gospel's But today new symbols are breaking into public conbonds knew no national barrier. sciousness—beautiful chapels, stake centers, and many

Soon Church conferences were underway: In Stuttprominent Latterday Saints. A roster of the members

gart over 800 persons attended the West German of the Church reveals successful businessmen, talented priesthood conference in 1946, and the East German craftsmen, newspaper editors and reporters, doctors,

Mission conference saw an attendance of 11,981 perdentists, teachers, university professors, architects, and sons at Leipzig—the greatest attendance ever recorded persons wellknown in the arts.

for meetings of the Saints in Europe. Modern communications systems bind these Saints

By 1947 a few American missionaries began once into a strong link with Church headquarters, and sesmore to go into Germany. But their field of harvest sions of general conference are relayed by direct wire

was soon to be reduced. Russia, one of the Allied to their chapels. In addition, Germanspeaking mempowers, disclosed the evil machinations of her rulers bers receive inspiring and wholesome messages in

as she imposed the Berlin blockade. Another story of Der Stern, which is celebrating this year its one hunthe denial of freedoms was about to be written, and dredth anniversary. As part of the new 17language

within a short time, Germany became divided into the Unified Magazine, it is correlated and directed by two Germanys of today—West Germany and East leaders of the Church.

Germany. Only in West Germany are missionaries A Germanic youth conference, held biennually, is

preaching the restored gospel today. as popular and famous in its own right as MIA June

The past 18 years in the Germanspeaking missions Conference is in America. It is on these youth, many

are essentially a partial review of the administration of them young converts, that much expectation is of President David O. McKay, which has been, in being centered. Numerous leaders of the Church who

short, amazing—characterized by five stakes (Berlin, have visited the Germanic lands have described the

Hamburg, Stuttgart, Swiss, and Servicemen's Stakeyoung members as being "some of the finest youth in

Europe for thousands of Latterday Saints in U.S. the Church,""as talented and brilliant as are found

military service); six missions; a temple at Bern, anywhere,""remarkably spiritual and leadershipSwitzerland; European continental Church headquaroriented."

ters in Frankfurt for legal affairs, real estate, building Obviously, the next chapter in the story of the department, genealogical offices, printing, translation, Church in the Germanspeaking countries may just and distribution; and favorable public, governmental, be beginning. 9

March 1969 Photo by Ralph Clark

Elder Thomas S. Monson (left), President Hartman Rector, Jr.,

and Elder Percy K. Fetzer, are Church leaders assigned to

assist Latterday Saints in Austria, Germany, and Switzerland.

The Church inGer

The subjects of this month's interview are three of the Church's representatives to the Germanspeaking peoples: Elder Thomas S. Monson of the Council of the Twelve and President Hartman Rector, Jr., of the First Council of the Seventy, who are assigned to the Germanic missions,

and Elder Percy K. Fetzer, Regional Representative of the Council of the Twelve, assigned to

the stakes of continental Europe.

Q. What image do Germanspeaking people have of as a socially concerned church—this in part from the

Latterday Saints? food we gave to persons during the Berlin blockade

Elder Monson—Their attitude seems to be in direct and from our youth programs. This older group often

relation to their knowledge of members of the Church. shows warm reaction toward the Church. The betterFortunately, we have an increasing number of outeducated persons who are aware of good music and

standing Latterday Saints in Austria, Germany, and American culture will often have kind thoughts about

Switzerland whose circle of influence is wide. If a the Tabernacle Choir, if they have listened to it on

person is informed about the true nature and purposes the Armed Forces radio network.

of the Church, I have learned that his attitude is favorable when he hears the word Mormon. Q. Is complete freedom of worship available in the

Elder Fetzer—There are two aspects to this question: Germanspeaking lands? the image of the Church in the minds of older persons, Elder Monson—In a technical sense complete freeand the image in the minds of the younger generation. dom of worship is available. However, each state,

The new generation is informed about us from a locality, or province may differ somewhat.

politicalhistorical standpoint and would have gleaned Elder Fetzer—We have experienced no difficulty in

their views from the mass media—newspapers, magadeveloping the full Church program. I think we have

zines, television. Some persons link the Church's early an excellent reputation among the political heads of

practice of plural marriage into a lasting impression, the various nations. However, any religious meeting

but the younger generation has a thought pattern that held outside a cathedral, synogogue, or wellrecog- is far more open to entertaining new views. The young nized place of worship is looked upon to some extent

generation seems totally uninformed concerning the as a foreign addition to the community.

Church's doctrine and function. Many are amazed

that we have been in Germany since 1851, for example. Q. Do Latterday Saints pay taxes for the support

Many older people have an image of the Church of the state churches?

10 Improvement Era knowledge of the gospel seems superior to that of

Saints in some other parts of the world. Truly, this

is a strong area of the Church in faith and in depth of leadership.

Even though we have no fulltime missionaries in

East Germany, the auxiliary programs and the priesthood quorums function as they do elsewhere in the Church. Recently I was in East Germany at

Gorlitz for a district conference. The faithfulness of

the Saints there would bring tears to your eyes. They

are true to their quorum activities, home teaching, family home evening, and auxiliary work. They set

a standard for the entire Church.

Q. All nationalities have certain characteristics that

make them different from, yet endearing to, other people. What are the differentiating characteristics

between Austrian, German, and Swiss peoples?

Elder Monson—It would be helpful for most people

to know that there is a difference in the languages ofmanic Lands the three countries. I am advised that the Swiss dialect

is rather difficult for some Germanspeaking people it is because they have not to understand. There is also a difference between the Elder Fetzer—If they do,

been brought upto-date on their rights and privileges. Austrian and the German idioms of speech and

However, some persons who have joined the Church dialects.

rather late in life will continue their state church taxes, Elder Rector—The Germanspeaking Saints love to

because if they make application to a state old folks sing. Their congregations have great volume and

home or rest home, many of them feel they will be feeling, which is indicative of their spirit. Most of the

given better consideration if there is no gap in the paySaints in these three countries love to preach doctrine.

ment of state church taxes. They seem more than usually interested in the revealed doctrines of the Lord. Another thing that

Q. Do our members face difficulties in hospitalizaimpresses me is the discipline of their children.

tion, retirement, and related areas because they are Elder Fetzer—In terms of the Austrians, as a people,

not members of the state church? I think it can be said that they have a friendliness and

Elder Monson—Sometimes it is awkward and emlight-heartedness that captivates all strangers. The

barrassing for our elderly people to go to the rest Germans are more calculating, more scientific, guided homes provided by the state because the state more by protocol. The Swiss are cosmopolitan and

church in many instances provides the rest homes. have an element of formality. The natures of all three

But generally, our members face a minimal amount nationalities are affected by their geographical locaof hindrance in the social services, even though they tions, climates, and the previous cultures that have are often administered through religious channels. In been a part of their areas.

small, cohesive communities there is greater likelihood for this kind of problem to occur. Q. What is the future of the Church in these lands?

Elder Rector—I feel that we are on the threshold of

Q. What program is the Church able to sustain in considerable growth. One reason is that we have a

East Germany? sizeable number of young persons from Germany,

Elder Monson—We have some 5,000 members in Switzerland, and Austria who are serving missions to

East Germany in 46 branches and six districts. District their own people. They are doing a tremendous job.

conferences are held quarterly. One of our major They are outstanding missionaries, and they will rehandicaps is that we are restricted in the literature turn to their branches and wards with a foundation for

we can make available to East Germany. Conseleadership.

quently, most of the classes study the standard works Also, the future is going to be greatly influenced by of the Church. Perhaps this is why these Saints'the strides now being taken in our printing and

March 1969 11 distribution departments as they affect these counor stake basis on alternate years. It gives our youth

tries. There is a close liaison between the correla- a chance to meet other Latterday Saints, helps build

tion and translation committees. The Germanspeaking friendships, and helps the youth acquire an image

Saints have access to timely editorial contact with the of themselves as they really are. Until they get toChurch through Der Stern. gether, the youth often may not realize what great

potential they actually have.Elder Monson—I share Brother Rector's enthusiasm.

The influence of the stakes in these lands—the Berlin,

Stuttgart, Hamburg, and Swiss stakes—has been re- Q. Are there any special concerns of the Church in

markable. The stakes have given a definite feeling these areas?

that we are there to stay, and that we are going to Elder Monson—One of our objectives is to see the

grow. Our building program has been of great beneChurch strengthened by additional growth, and for the

fit. We have beautiful chapels, which are a credit to affairs and activities to be conducted at a high level

the Church, dotting these lands. of performance. We need to develop a depth of

I think the desires of some Saints to immigrate to leadership, to prepare our youth for their future

America are greatly reduced because of both the service, that they may fill the great assignments that

Church and the economic conditions in Europe today. will be given them.

The strength of the German mark is phenomenal. It

is one of the strongest currencies in the world. And Q. What does this assignment personally mean to

the conditions in Austria and Switzerland are very you?

agreeable and attractive for pleasant living. Elder Fetzer—My family came from Germany, and I

can't help but reflect with gratitude upon the efforts

Q. How does the Church cope with the desires of of my forebears, and I desire to assist others to attain

some of its members to immigrate to America? the blessings that we have enjoyed. I love missionary

Elder Monson—All members are given their free work, and I love the missionary zeal that the work inagency. It is a personal decision. vokes and inspires.

Elder Rector—I am thrilled with the assignment be-

Q. What has been the overall influence of the LDS cause I love to see the gospel preached and love to see

servicemen on the growth of the Church in these people accept it. I truly love these Germanspeaking

lands? Saints, their spirit, their determination to keep the

Elder Monson—Our servicemen have conducted commandments. They are of a receptive spirit, and it

themselves in such a manner that the image of the is quite obvious to me that these areas will yet be

Church has been enhanced among nearly all people some of the strongest areas in the Church in years to who have met them. Our servicemen and their famicome.

lies have been the finest ambassadors. The Church Elder Monson—I was elated when I received my ascan indeed be proud of their influence. Recently, a signment. Years ago as a bishop I became closely

new servicemen's stake was created to fill the needs acquainted with a large number of Germanspeaking of some 2,300 Englishspeaking servicemen in Europe. people who lived in our community. I found that I

In leadership talent, this stake is one of the strongest developed a special attachment for them. To think

in the Church. that I have the opportunity to return to the land

whence they came and where they learned to love the

Q. What are the provisions for the youth in terms gospel is something special to me.

of youth conferences? I also appreciate something said by the Prophet

Elder Monson—I think one of the highlights of my Joseph Smith: "The Germans are an exalted people.

Church experience was in attending the allGerman- The old German translators are the most correct, most speaking youth conference a year ago in Hamburg, honest of any of the translators, and therefore I get

Germany. Roadshows were presented from Germany, testimony to bear me out in the revelations that I have

Switzerland, and Austria, and they were very remarkpreached for the last fourteen years."(Documentary

able. The entire conference was equally outstanding. History of the Church, Vol. 6, p. 364.

Some 2,000 youths attended the sixday event. It was The Prophet's esteem for the nature and great poplanned with precision. Everything was on schedule, tential of the Germanspeaking peoples seems to me

which is another characteristic of the people of these to be of prophetic nature, and suggests the wide lands. Youth conferences are held on an allGerman- contributions they will make to the advancement

speaking level every two years, and on a local mission of truth. O

12 Improvement Era From Deseret Book

FASCINATING

EDUCATION

1. TRUTH RESTORED by Gordon B. Hinckley

Paperback ONLY 35c Hardbound JUST $1.25

Truth Restored is recommended reading for every Latterday

Saint. The challenge to learn about Church history is being

presented in stake conferences, Churchwide, during the first half of this year. Omitting lengthy detail, this pocketsize, 154

page book, uses a series of short, absorbing, and related stories to guide you from the Prophet's first vision through the settlement of the Great Salt Lake Valley.

%estoted SJS'A *hortr: Chr m oi Letter-'

T,eCch0fJ;aHtr)CV H.N 6S0r,

Bookof-theMonth

Save $1.00 on this

fascinating book.

Play is a learning process. Help stimulate a joyful numeral while the second part has the same number

interest in learning in your children with these and of animal characters. Only the correct number can be

many other "Creative Playthings."Selected by edulinked with its counterpart.

cators in over 45.000 schools and graded to meet the The peg board ($3.75) is an experience in placing

interests of specific ages. Each toy is made of hardcolored rubber squares with from one to five holes

wood for long lasting durability. punched in them to correspond to the pattern of pegs.

This helicopter ($2.25) and dump truck ($2.50) are a Infants are constantly learning to feel and grasp. These

part of the large selection of transportation toys. As rubber hedgehogs ($2.25) and clutch ball ($2.75) serve

with all others these have movable parts. this purpose as well as make a whistle noise and give

Learning to count can be fun when puzzles are inthe baby something that is harmless to chew on.

ramtttf volved.with twoThepartmatchnumberingmate ($3.50)pieces. isOnea jigpartsawhaspuzzlethe andOrderillustrationsthe free "Creativeof the manyPlaythings"other toyscatalogavailable.for prices

Regularly $4.50

2. ARCHAEOLOGY and THE ORDERDESERETFROMBOOK COMPANYBOOK OF MORMON 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

by Milton R. Hunter OR 777 South Main, Town & Country, Orange, Calif. 92668

SPECIAL MARCH PRICE ONLY $3.50 Please send me items circled: 12 3 4 5 6 7

the of relaxed style a touristtraveler,With include This but Total cost must $ historian,with the of a accuracy Elder Hunter Salt Lake, or residents ordering from Utah tax from 3 l/2%5% salessales writes of his travels in Mexico, Yucatan and tax from California residents ordering from Orange. Paid byGuatamala in search of new evidence of the check; money order; or charge established account. <3ook

of of thepeoples His archaeoBook Mormon. Name East Temple, South and 44

logical finds of treated with are "freshness the

Salt Mall, City Lake Cottonwood Address first are view."adventurer'san There many

Blvd., Washington Ogden 2472

all cities proancientsecluded and artifacts, City Country Main, So. 777 Town &

illustrated.fusely

California Orange, State Zip

Mar. 1969 Era

March 1969 13 ft FiveMemories I Would Like 11 toHave By a College Senior

V

..,,.:.

(hi 1926 the Era carried ing, and leaving us home while he a memorable confession of a and mother went in the afternoon.

college senior concerning his 5. I wish that I could rememdesires for fatherly companionber just one talk in which we had

ship. The desires of young men discussed together the problems

seem as timely today as they and facts that trouble every growdid then.) ing boy, on which his clear and

1. I wish I could remember one vigorous viewpoint might have

Fourth of July, or one circus day, shed such light and comfort, inor one canyon trip, in which my stead of leaving me to pick up the father had joined us boys, instead facts haphazardly as I might, and of giving us the money and equipto solve the problems as best I ment to go, while he and mother could.

stayed home, and made us feel And yet, my conscience would guilty by working while we played. cry shame were 1 to blame him,

2. I wish I could remember one for no man could ever be more

evening when he had joined us in devoted to his family, more anxsinging, or reading, or tussling, ious for their welfare, more proud instead of always sitting so quietly of their successes. His example

with his newspaper by the reading has been a beacon to us. He just

lamp. didn't know—and there is the pity

3. I wish I could remember of it to me—he just didn't know

one month, or week, or day even, that we needed him. He didn't

when he had made purposeful know that we would rather have work out of drudgery by planning his companionship than the land the farm work with us, instead of he could leave us—that some day,

merely announcing each morning maybe, we might make money for what that day's work would be. ourselves, but that never can we

4. I wish I could remember one make for ourselves the memories

Sunday when he had bundled us that might have enriched and melall into the buggy and taken all to lowed and molded our lives. I

church together, instead of staying can't see a fathers'and sons'outhome while we went in the morning without a lump in my throat. O

D. Y. Improvement Era

GREAT TREASURES OF KNOWL

... EDGE FROJVt BOOKCRAFT

RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO by B. H. Roberts

Gives you an intimate insight into "Nauvoo—the

city beautiful."$3.95

2. MISSOURI PERSECUTIONS

by B. H. Roberts

The courageous story of Mormon suffering in

Missouri. S3.50

3. GIANT OF THE LORD byJames S. Brown

A dramatic, gripping biography of a mighty missionary. S3. 95

4. JOSEPH SMITH, BY HIS MOTHER

Lucy Mack Smith Detailed information about the inspired life of the beloved Prophet. $3.75

GOD, MAN, AND THE UNIVERSE by Hyrum L. Andrus

Every known statement by the Prophet on this topic as revealed to him by the Great Creator. $5.95

6. BOOK OF MORMON COMPENDIUM

by Sidney B. Sperry

Best reference book available on Book of Mormon, including new information on Hill Cumorah. $6.95

7. MORMON DOCTRINE

by Bruce R. McConkie

Will save countless hours of research for specific information on gospel questions. $6.95

8. THE FOURTH THOUSAND YEARS

by W. Cleon Skousen

The Prophets come alive as this story covers the dramatic sweep of Biblical events from the time of David to Christ. $6.95

9. BEFORE I WAS BORN by George Bickerstaff

preexistence in child's of the An explanation >UR CHILDREN illustrated.... delightfully verse $2.25

10. STORIES OF JESUS FOR YOUNG LDS

by Jane Lund The story ofJesus and other Bible personalities seem to come to life for the young reader. $2.25

11. BIBLE STORIES FOR YOUNG LDS

by Emma Marr Petersen Bible stories take on new meaning for young readers. $3.50

12. BOOK OF MORMON STORIES FOR

YOUNG LDS by Emma Marr Petersen

Book of Mormon experiences in language especially for young readers. $3.50

13. STORY OF OUR CHURCH FOR

YOUNG LDS by Emma Marr Petersen

Entertainingly written to interest our youth. $3.50

Prices subject to change without notice.

BOOKCRAFT, 1186 South Main 3-69

Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 Please send the following circled book(s) for which I enclose check or money order in the amount of $ 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 Name BOOKCRAF Address 1186 SOUTH MAIN STREET SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84101 City, Mate, Zip

March 1969 15 Third How in a special series Individuals who are and intellectually receive blessed with someone to by General Authorities on and react to all that may whom they can confibe said to us, so we set dently and comfortably 'Principles up screens to protect talk and who will listen ourselves. However, we

to them are fortunate inof Church Leadership'may often end up using deed. Most persons in those screens to screen

the Church have had the out what we don't want experience of working to hear.

with individuals whose J) In an authoritarian it is easy for aminds are made up, who church seem to have great conleader on any level to fidence in themselves stop listening, to become and little or none in others, or at least seem uninaccustomed to engaging in oneway communication.

terested in anything they have to say. If they listen The bishopric of a ward does not operate on a conat all, it is defensively, with "the curtain down,"persensus or majority rule basis, so on occasion the bishop

haps cynically or doubtingly or with seeming willingmight be inclined not to seek the counsel of his ness to question motives or purposes. Other people counselors, or to listen to it impatiently or without

clearly do not intend to be reached. interest or respect. But decisionmakers need counWe ourselves might have responded in some of these selors. There is safety in counsel. We have seen and

ways to others who were trying to reach us. We have experienced sorrow and tragedy and serious error

not had time, It was someone else's assignment to because good men—even great men—would not seek

listen to them Perhaps we have made up our minds or accept counsel, or received it from questionable or about individuals with whom we work and serve and selfseeking sources, or were not given information have typed them so that we don't really listen to what because subordinates lacked the courage to speak.

they have to say. I shall never forget and have often repeated the

I remember with interest the new stake mission words of President David O. McKay as he gave me a

president in a small town with few nonmembers. He blessing. "Let your voice be heard,"he said. "Speak

was humbly and earnestly pleading with the priestprayerfully, honestly, courageously. But let your voice

hood leaders of the stake to support him and his be heard."

fellow workers in their difficult new assignment. Is this not wise instruction for all who are called to

"Over the years,"he said, "I have exercised the luxury assist or counsel? And is it not wise for leaders to

of making up my mind about substantially every nonmake certain that opportunity is provided for this member in this community. I suspect many of you to happen? Decisionmakers at every level need the

have done the same. As stake mission president I now experience, the information, the wisdom, the inspirahave the interesting opportunity to unmake my mind tion of their associates who have been called to counand start with a fresh, wholesome, optimistic attitude sel, in order that judgment may be exercised with all

toward all of them. I earnestly plead with you to do available facts and understanding at hand. Since we

the same."are seldom more effective than our information, we

Since real listening can be an exhausting experineed to be aware of facts and feelings—and this inence, we may not be able to physically, emotionally, volves listening.

16 Improvement Era By Elder Marion D. Hanks

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

Illustrated by Das/id Thomasto Listen

The leader's success in his decisionmaking assignThe Lord may speak to us by his voice, as he did ment will be materially affected if not conclusively to Joseph; or his voice may come into our mind, as it

determined by his capacity and willingness to create did to Enos; or he may speak to us by his messengers,

a climate that will free individuals to talk with him the prophets, and others who are commissioned to without the fear of being too quickly categorized, respeak for him.

jected, or reproved. He may speak as he did to Elijah, who did not find

Listening is tied in part to loving. If we are basically the Lord in the wind or

heedless of some people, we are apt to be heedless of the earthquake or the their words. Then they will suffer and the work may fire but who listened to

suffer through loss of strength that could be important. the still, small voice.

What is listening? It is much more than the mechaniHe speaks to us

cal act of hearing. Listening is the giving of close through the scriptures,

attention for the purpose of gaining information, admonishing us, as he understanding. One of our manuals has this statement: did the Prophet and

"One of the great facilities of communication is the Oliver and David, to ability to listen with understanding. Most of us feel read the scriptures to

we are good listeners just because we have the selfone another: "Whererestraint to be quiet while another is talking. Howfore, you can testify that

ever, there is a big difference between letting the you have heard my voice, and know my words."

decibels pound on the ear drums and listening with (D&C 18:36.) For the word of the Lord, we need a

understanding. To listen listening ear, an open heart, a contrite spirit.

with understanding is to There are others to whom we should listen:

view the issue and feel Husbands and wives should listen to each other, and as the speaker does to their children. Children should listen to their

about it. It is to stand parents.

in the other man's shoes We should listen to those whom we serve, to those and see it as he does."with whom we serve, and to those under whose direcListening is active. A tion we serve.

good listener is involved, We need to listen to speakers and teachers, to couninterested, concerned. selors and leaders, to those who really love us. On

To lohom shall we lisoccasion we need to hear the voice of someone who ten? To our Heavenly disagrees with us, or who disputes the passage with

Father, of course, and to his Holy Son, and to the us, or who has another view of the path to the same

Spirit. How significant it is that the Father, in introobjective.

ducing his Son on sacred occasions, said, "Hear him!"How shall we listen? As to how we should listen,

How tragic the consequence would have been if those perhaps King Benjamin said it most effectively:

so majestically admonished had not listened, perhaps "My brethren, all ye that have assembled yourselves through indifference or arrogance or unbelief or together,... I have not commanded you to come up

prejudice—the attitude of a closed mind. The invitahither to trifle with the words which I shall speak, but

tion to hear him is, of course, to all men, and so is the that you should hearken unto me, and open your ears responsibility to decide whether we shall listen. that ye may hear, and your hearts that ye may

March 1969 17 "Every human being is trying to say something to others: 'I am alive.

Listen to me! Confirm for me that I am important, that I matter!'"

understand, and your minds that the mysteries of later time, what has been said, but also in evaluating

God may be unfolded to your view."( Mosiah 2:9. ) and understanding what is being said. In addition, it

James Stevens wrote, "I have learned that the head helps us to concentrate and apply the message.

does not hear anything until the heart has listened, One important need for a listener is to recognize and what the heart knows today the head will underthat he sometimes reacts emotionally to certain words stand tomorrow."or concepts that might

Listen with the heart. Practice empathy. Put yourblock effective listening.

self in the other person's place and try to hear his Each listener should be problems in your heart. aware of such words and

Listen with patience. Others deserve unhurried learn to react properly

time. Even five minutes can be made unhurried if the to them.

attitude is right. When should we lisListen to learn, to weigh, to consider. The scripten? The time to listen is

tures say: when someone needs to

"He that answereth a matter before he heareth it, be heard. The time to

it is folly and shame unto him."(Prov. 18:13. deal with a person with

Listen creatively, with curiosity. a problem is when he

Listen with compassion and with depth. Create a has the problem. The time to nurse one is when he is

climate in which others may confidently speak, an ill. The time to listen is the time when our interest

atmosphere of candor, consideration, and kindness that and love are vital to the one who seeks our ear and permits and encourages another to say those signifiour heart and our help.

cant words, "I need help."The capacity to listen is important. A great amount

Listen with courtesy and intensity. of time is spent in teaching us to read, to write, and

Listen to help, to comfort, to bless. to speak. How much time has been spent in preparing

Listen attentively to speakers and teachers. An us to listen? Much can be done to help us learn to

expectant, cooperative, responsive listener induces an listen, to help us overcome such bad habits as feigning ordinary speaker to communicate with improved efattention while our thoughts are elsewhere—a strange

fectiveness. We listen to a thousand times more words'form of selfdeceit; allowing external distractions to

than we read, and we spend almost as much time lead our mind from the situation at hand; ceasing to

listening as the combined time we spend in reading, listen when something difficult to understand is said;

writing, or speaking. The average speaking pace is the premature dismissal of subjects as uninteresting

about 125 to 150 words a minute. Hearing words at and thus the closing of our minds to vast areas of imthis speed, however, consumes only 10 percent of the portant human knowledge; letting criticism of delivery

brain's thinking power. A good listener has 90 percent or physical appearance or language interfere with sigof his listening ability, then, to contribute something nificant information or inspiration.

mentally to what is being said, or to review or anticiWe have been talking of two major aspects of lispate and thus get the benefit of the message. tening: (1) listening that brings benefits to us, and

Listen with a pencil and note pad in hand. Someone (2) listening with a desire to understand and benefit

has said the palest ink is better than the best memory. others. The first is indispensable to our own successNote taking, though it can be too voluminous, is ful service and salvation, the second to the wellbeing

frequently helpful not alone in remembering, at a and happiness of others.

18 Improvement Era The Spoken Word by Richard L. Evans

Have faith! Go forward!Notice me! Speak to me!

As we come to this occasion, here in Constitution

ZA Hall, thankfully we think upon what is made / V possible by patriots and honest, hardworking people, past and present—and by Divine Providence. Nowhere in history have so many been so

blessed—nowhere in history has any nation shared

so much, nor given hope to so many, worldwide—

with a Constitution fashioned through the minds of

The results of good listening are reflected in man's divinely inspired men; with the right to worship,

total behavior. He is the sum of his listening habits; to work, peacefully to assemble; to speak, to write

to whom and how and where and when he has listened responsibly, to know the news; due process of law,

privacy and protection from undue search and seiare plainly manifested in the way he acts, the things he zure; and so much else besides. It took much to

says, the way he speaks, the manner in which he treats bring all this about—a coming together of time and

others who may not be important in affecting his place, of people and principles. And yet, some

destiny. A man's learning experience can be rich and might mistakenly suppose this would continue withfruitful, his interests in the problems of his fellowmen out any work or worthiness of ours. But this would

wide; and if he has listened well and if he is listening, be contrary to all the history we have. "How much

he will do something about them. is all this worth?"1 asked Daniel Webster. All this

Every human being is so rare, so precious, so perishable—all this that calls

trying to say something for recommitment; that every man may have this

opportunity to work, to learn, to prepare for life—

to others, trying to cry "toecome all he can become,"2—to uphold, to live

out, "I am alive. Notice and be protected by law, in truth and dignity and

me! Speak to me! Listen decency; that every man may have the incentive to

to me! Confirm for me succeed. Oh, "let us turn our thoughts to the

that I am important, character of our country,"3 and not succumb to imthat I matter!"morality, sophistry, and deception, which someAs we learn to listen times seem permissive and approved, but which

reto the Lord with undercan only lead to human degradation. We here

standing, learning to apaffirm the need for faithfulness in family, home, in reaffirm morality. a simple faith, marriage, and We

preciate his point of of the everlastingness that witness and and God lives, view, we should also be emulating with our fellowmen of life. God grant each one to live sincerely to

the marvelous quality of his great listening mind and respect himself, and others also—to be "free, safe

heart. We know that he listens, and we love him. It and quiet,"4 as Seneca said it; to have peace conshould be more possible for us, then, to listen to each viction, courage, a quiet conscience, with the inother and to other men. We are here to learn to love centive to succeed. Oh, let this nation, under God,

as we are loved. never lose the heritage we have. "My message to

In the Book of Mormon is recorded the solemn you is [this],"said Thomas Edison in his last public warning of Jacob of old: "And wo unto the deaf that utterance: "Be courageous!... Be as brave as your

fathers before you. Have faith! Go forward!"5

will not hear; for they shall perish."(2 Ne. 9:31. "Our fathers'God to thee,

Amulek, son of Giddonah, bore a sorrowful testiAuthor of liberty, mony of a dark period in his life before he opened To thee we sing.

his ears to the Lord: "... I did harden my heart, for Long may our land be bright

I was called many times and I would not hear; thereWith freedom's holy light.

fore I knew concerning these things, yet I would not Protect us by thy might, know...."(Al. 10:6.) Great God, our King!"6

From the scriptures anciently comes the divine invi- 'Danieland Websterthe Eagle,(quoted1874). by Joseph Roswell Hawley in an address titled "On the Flag

2Author unknown. ear, "Incline and your to all tation to us men: and

"Oration on the True Grandeur of Nations,"speech delivered in Sumner, 3Charles..". 1845. 4, July live. Boston, soul shall hear, your and unto me: come

- A.D.). B.C. 65 4Seneca (4

(Isa. 55:3.) God bless us with a listening ear. O 5Thomas A. Edison's last public message.

6Samuel F. Smith, "America."

* "The Spoken Word"from Temple

Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting

System January 19, 1969. Copyright 1969.

March 1969 19 She raised her hands and crashed into a resounding "Glory, glory, hallelujah.'

<JVE0Feet By Lael J. Littke

Illustrated by Jerry Harston

It's funny how some things tend to draw members other or anything like that, although we had the of a family together and make them realize they are usual amount of bickering and scrapping that almost a family. It seems as if sometimes a group of people any family has. It was just that we never did think

can live together for years calling one another brother of ourselves as a unit, an allfor-one, onefor-all sort and sister, mother and father, without ever identifying of thing, like the Three Musketeers, until that particuwith each other to the point that they put their backs lar summer.

together and face the rest of the world in defense of Mama didn't have any such effect in mind when one of their number, saying, in effect, "He's ours; she bought the piano. She wanted it because she

he's part of us, and you'd better leave him alone."somehow had the idea that her children were being

That's the way our family was until the summer we severely handicapped socially by growing up on a got the piano. Oh, I don't mean we didn't like each farm, and that playing the piano was one of the

graces we had to acquire in order to get by when we eventually got "out into the world."It took her three

Lael J. Littke, YWMIA activity counselor in the East summers to save up enough raspberry money to buy

(California) writer parttime is a Ward, and Pasadena the piano, but the year Eunice was 12, Melvin was 10, this story fulltime mother. housewife wrote She and

after "listening to my eightyear-old daughter practice I was 8, and Herbie was 4, she finally purchased it.

her music lessons."I believe she was a little disappointed when we

weren't able to sit right down and play a tune, but

20 Improvement Era J

we weren't a musical family like the Nortons, whose "All right,"Mama said, putting her hands on her twoyear-old babies were like as not to pick out a tune hips. "Play something better for us right now."

of their own composition the first time they saw a The funny thing was, Eunice did just that. She

piano. However, she signed us all up, except Herbie, perched on the piano bench, spread her skirt, flexed

for lessons with Mrs. Earle, and we practiced diliher fingers as if she were Mr. Beethoven himself, and

gently until the novelty wore off, which took about then launched into a quite respectable performance of six days. We continued to plod along with scales and "The Battle Hymn of the Republic,"with only a few

little tunes called "Jumping Jacks"and "Mr. Frog"for sour notes here and there.

about a month, and then Eunice rebelled. Mama was amazed. "That's very good,"she said.

"I'm not going to play those silly things,"she "Play some more."

stated one day when it was her turn to practice. "It's "No,"Eunice said. "This is my favorite song. Betty

a waste of time."showed me how to play it."Betty was one of the

"You have to learn those before you can go on to Nortons and could probably toss off "The Battle Hymn something better,"Mama insisted. of the Republic"with one finger and a couple of toes.

"I don't,"Eunice said in a tone that placed her "Well, play that one again,"Mama said, probably far above us ordinary mortals who had to pick out thinking that it was just an accident that Eunice could "Trotting Ponies"and "Let's Go Fishing"until our play it so well the first time.

little fingers wore thin. Smirking, Eunice played it again, adding a couple of

March 1969 21 Nothing drew this teachers came while she was practicing.

"I didn't know your girl could play like that,"family so close as a good Brother Blanding said when Eunice's final stirring chords had marched off into silence.

lesson in humility Mother was pleased. "Oh,"she said, modestly, "she's

not too good yet. We've only had the piano about

six months."

The ward teachers were astonished. "Why, she's

flourishes that made it sound almost as good as Mrs. just as good as the Nortons were,"Brother Phillips

Hagen, who played the piano for Sunday School. said. "Do you think she would play at the ward re-

"Mama,"Melvin said, "can I take lessons from Betty union a week from Friday?"He went on to say that

too?"he was in charge of the program and could certainly

"Of course not,"Mama said, in a faraway voice. She use someone like Eunice to go along with the jokes

seemed lost in contemplation. "Play it again,"she told by Brother Frazer, the reading by Arietta Tims, and

Eunice. the song to be rendered by a ladies'trio.

As the days went by Melvin and I figured Mama Instead of being horrified at the prospects, as would eventually make Eunice get back to scales and Melvin or I would have been, Eunice was frankly de- "Jolly Winter,"especially when she got tired of hearlighted. For the next ten days all we heard was how

ing "Battle Hymn"ten times a day. But Eunice was she had decided to go on to a career as a concert

tricky. She practiced daily without complaint and the pianist. She practiced twice as long as usual each day,

only thing she played was "Battle Hymn,"but she adding new touches to "Battle Hymn,"such as doing kept adding new things—a trill here, an interesting the melody in the bass clef during the verse and then

chord there—until it seemed as if she were acrunning in a fast arpeggio to the treble for the glory,

complishing a great deal more than Melvin or I were glories, as Herbie called them. Mama had a hard time

doing with "Hip, Hip, Hooray"and "Kitten in the getting Melvin and me to practice during that time,

Yarn."even though we were up to a tune we both liked called

Every day we listened to a dozen variations of "The "The White Seal's Lullaby."But even that didn't

Battle Hymn of the Republic."It got so that we were sound anywhere near as good as "Battle Hymn."

going about our work and play to the rhythm of "Mine As we walked to the church house on the night of

EYES have SEEN the GLOry OF the COMing OF the the ward reunion, Eunice was practically delirious

LORD."Papa took to milking the cows at march with anticipation of her coming triumph. "Everybody

tempo. They seemed to enjoy it, especially since he will be so surprised,"she babbled. "I haven't told a

sang to them in his good baritone voice all the while soul I can play so well. Maybe I'll get asked to go

he milked. He sang all five verses. It was Herbie play in Roscoe or even over in Elk Valley."Obviously

who retitled the song "Be Jubilant, My Feet"because she envisioned a whole concert tour as a result of this that was his favorite verse and he knew it by heart. evening's performance.

"Oh, be thwift, my thoul, to anther Him, be jubilant, Instead of calling her down for her lack of humility, my feet,"he piped over and over again until we all Mama and Papa seemed fully as excited as Eunice.

began to sing it with a lisp. Up until that time all of us children had been rather

And all the while, Melvin and I plodded through doltish about displaying any talent our parents could "April Flowers"and "Tallo Ho"and a dismal duet hang their pride on. Even Melvin and I were preparcalled "Happy Little Breezes."No one sang "Happy ing ourselves to bask inthe praise that would most

Little Breezes."certainly come to our family after Eunice played.

By springtime there was no question but that The hall was filled to capacity with former and

Eunice could play "The Battle Hymn of the Republic"present members of our ward by the time we got there.

better than any one in town except for the Nortons, The program was to be first, followed by a dinner in who by that time had moved away. Even Melvin and the basement, and then a dance when the chairs had

I had to give her grudging admiration, although we been cleared out of the hall. This was by far the

did so unwillingly, since she was so snippy about the biggest social event of the year in our little town.

whole thing and sneered every time we had to sit Eunice hadn't been told where on the program she down and fumble through "In the Treetops"and was to perform, so she chewed her nails through the "Funny Rabbits."first half hour, figuring that Brother Phillips had for-

I don't think Eunice had ever given much thought gotten he had asked her to play. All the other numto playing in public until the evening the ward bers went on—the jokes by Brother Frazer, who always

22 Improvement Era We.

Start ofsomething i&all gzat

Rapidmix. It's easy. It's quick.

Only one word describes Fleischmann's new Rapidmix way to easy yeast baking.

Revolutionary! No more dissolving the

yeast, worrying about water temperature or warming the bowl. Just add Fleischmann's

Yeast to your other dry ingredients and bake away. The results? Sensational!

For exciting Rapidmix recipes: Just send 25c in cash for handling and mailing to Fleischmann's Treasury of Yeast Baking, Box 20D, Mount Vernon, New York 10559

(Orders without zip code cannot be accepted.)

March 1969 23 got big laughs by using the namesBit DISCOUNTS! NOW of our ward people in his stories;

two readings by Arietta Tims; the

rather shaky rendition by the ladies'trio; the tribute to the pioON ANY OF neers who had settled our valley.

Each number was followed by enthusiastic but shortlived applause. It had been a long time

since anybody but the Nortons hadTHESE CHOICE BOOKS!

been asked for an encore, since

Brother Frazer always told his en- 2. ABOUT 3. TEN

LIFE AND MARRIAGE THEW1MOST M0ST tire repertoire of new jokes the first

LOVE AND MORE WASTEO SE8 WANTED time he stood up, Arietta Tims alby Dr. W. by

Dean Dr. W. iiiis bMy EpNaul ways gave two readings without Dean

Belnap & sitting H.Dunn in because between down Belnap & fJMl"Dr. C. Glen

Dr. C. Glen Reg. price if to to said she going she go was Griffin

Griffin jftutllDoM'1 $3.95

price Reg. all trouble learning of the two price Reg.

$2.95 $2.95 to readings, she take wasn't going

when you join $2.51 when you join $2.51 when you join $3.36 the chance of not getting to give

one of them, and the ladies'trio always said it was all they could 4. LIFE 5. THE 6. BOOK do to get through one song without

OF EVERPOWER MORMON being overcome by fright. OF jjfg V LASTING

BELIEVING COMPENAt last, right at the end, Brother

DIUM by Duane S. Phillips presented his jewel.

by Sterling by Sydney Crowther

W. Sill B. Sperry "Our final number,"he boomed,

Reg. price $4.50 Reg. price Reg. price "will be a piano solo by Miss Eunice

$3.75 $6.95 Blake. She will play 'The Battle

when you join $3.83 when you join $3.19 when you join $5.91 Hymn of the Republic."

A murmur ran around the crowd.

Eunice Blake? No one was aware

7. BOOK OF 8. BIBLE 9. THE that Eunice Blake even knew one

MORMON STORIES FOURTH end of the piano from the other. FOR THOUSSTORIES

FOR YOUNG AND Eunice got up and started rather

LDS YEARS YOUNG limply toward the old upright piano LOS by Emma by W. Cleon

by Emma Marr Marr Skousen on the stage, but by the time she

Petersen Petersen Reg. price had taken a dozen steps all her

Reg. price Reg. price $6.95 confidence returned. She strutted

$3.50 $3.50

when you join $2.98 when you join $2.98 when you join $5.91 up the steps and sat down on the

bench, carefully arranging her skirt.

She flexed her fingers while the

LDS BOOKS CLUB. INC. ldsbc 3-69

P.O. Box 400 - Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 audience waited. Then suddenly

ENROLL ME AS A LDS BOOKS CLUB MEMBER so that I can start saving she raised her hands and crashed on my LDS books. Enclosed is my check or money order for $ into a resounding "Glory, glory, halfor circled please send which the following postpaid books at the discount lelujah,"which practically knocked

price. that Credits. I understand do not carry these books Bonus

3 4 5 6 7 8 9 the audience off the chairs. She 12

I hereby agree to purchase a minimum of four (4) additional regular had decided to do it that way to get selections or alternates during the next 12 months at the regular advertheir attention; then she would tone

tised price, will receive a valuable after which I book bonus free—a down to some soft, melodic passavings after purchasing time of approximately at any 20%. I may resign

four regular selections. I understand that I will receive regular monthly sages from which she would work

reviews of scores of choice LDS Books which are available to me postback up to a mighty crescendo.

paid as part of my privileges of membership. The effect was electrifying. By

Name the time she finished playing, the

Address

City, State, Zip

24 Improvement Era audience was on its feet, and Grandpa Beal, who first rendition. What they would remember was her

always led the Fourth of July parade in his Spanishlaborious struggle through "Kittens at Play."

American War uniform, could scarcely keep from There was some polite applause at the end as Eunice marching up and down the aisles. slunk to her seat. Mama whispered, "We're proud of

There was a burst of applause, which overwhelmed you,"but Melvin and I slid down in our chairs. Papa,

even Eunice's mighty chords. Mama and Papa beamed his arm around Eunice, made us stay for dinner, even

with pride, and Melvin and I were proud that she though none except Herbie managed to eat much.

was our sister. Herbie jumped up and down, screamPeople were polite. They told Eunice that she did fine,

ing, "Glory, glory, hallelujah."although their eyes slid around a little when they said

Eunice's face was flushed with triumph as she it. We didn't stay for the dance. Eunice wanted to

stood up and bowed to the audience. I don't know go home.

where she learned to bow like that, but she did it as "Mama,"she said as we walked along, "may I take if she had been accepting applause all her life. lessons from Mrs. Earle again?"

Again and again she bowed. Then, as the audience "You certainly may,"Mama said. Then she added,

continued to applaud, her look of triumph was re- "I think you have real talent."

placed by one of confusion. "Not as much as I thought I had,"Eunice whispered.

"They're clapping her up,"Herbie exclaimed, his Melvin cleared his throat. "I'll bet it won't take you

own hands spatting together so hard that his fat any time at all to play 'Welcome to May'as well as me cheeks jiggled. and Darlene."

Suddenly Mama and Papa looked at one another Eunice winced a little, and suddenly I was soriy for in dismay, and even Melvin and I felt a chill. Not one her. Maybe it wasn't good for something to come too

of us, including Eunice, had thought about an encore. easy.

But now the audience was asking for—nay, demand- "Maybe Mrs. Earle can start you out in a different

ing—one. book,"Mama said. I don't think she could face three

"Play some more,"someone called, and several practice periods a day on "Welcome to May."

people repeated it. "Mama,"Eunice said, and then was quiet for so

Eunice was bewildered. She came to the edge of long we thought she wasn't going to say anything anythe stage and said something, but no one would listen. way. "Mama,"she finally continued, "I found out

Finally, with a frightened look out at us, she went something. You can't play a concert if you only know

back to the piano. Mama stiffened and held her one tune."

breath, and Papa groaned a little, way down deep in Mama, Papa, Melvin, and I all moved in close to his throat. "Poor little kid,"he whispered. Eunice. She had been proud, oh, indeed she had been

The audience quieted and Eunice cast one more proud. But then so had we—and eager, too, to share

desperate look out at us. She said later that she conin her glory. We had all taken a tumble, but she the

sidered doing "Battle Hymn"again but figured that farthest of all. And what was a family for if not to get

it wouldn't be right to play the same thing twice. So in there and pick up the pieces after a fall?

she played "Kittens at Play."I could have done it betMelvin and I each took one of Eunice's hands.

ter than she did. Herbie could have done it better. Her People might laugh at what she had done, but they

hands trembled, and she hit all the wrong notes. just better not laugh in front of us. Eunice smiled

The audience was stupefied. What had happened at us and squeezed our hands. Mama and Papa walked

to the artiste who had sat there a few minutes before? close on our heels, their hands touching our arms now

This was just plain Eunice Blake, plunking through a and then.

silly tune any child could play. Was someone trying Only Herbie marched on ahead. "Be thwift, my

to put something over on them? Fickle, as any audithoul, to anther Him, be jubilant, my feet,"he sang,

ence is likely to be, they forgot the majesty of her and all of us unconsciously fell into step. O

Interval of Renewal By Louise Darcy Here ivhere siviftflotving water rushes Here in this place the %vorld of crisis

Over the rocks with rapids foaming white—Seems distant and the heart may find release,

Here where the banks are green and treelined, Gathering strength from blest renewal

There is a welcome calm by day or night. To serve with deepened will the cause of peace.

March 1969 25 THE GOSP

26 Improvement Era "... that which is governed by law is also preserved

by law and perfected and sanctified by the same.

"That which breaketh a law, and abideth not by the law, but seeketh to become a law unto itself, and willeth to abide in sin, and altogether abideth in sin,

Newspapers, magazines, television, and radio—all our cannot be sanctified by law, neither by mercy, justice,

mass media—are full of accounts these days dealing nor judgment. Therefore, they must remain filthy still.

with insurrection, rioting, rebellion, and opposition "All beings who abide not in those conditions are to law. These reports do not confine themselves to not justified."(D&C 88:3435, 39.)

any particular age group. On one occasion a group of Pharisees approached

In the aftermath of dozens of riots, and caught in the Master on the issue of paying tribute money. As

the maelstrom of seemingly uncontrollable trends, always, the Savior perceived that their intent was to many persons in society stand aghast at what they see entrap him, so he answered by requesting that they but are unsure exactly how to restrict its momentum. bring him some tribute money.

"... And they brought unto him a penny.

"And he saith unto them, Whose is this image and superscription?

"They say unto him, Caesar's. Then saith he unto

them, Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's."

(Matt. 22:1921.)

How do we distinguish between the things that are

Caesar's and those that are God's? When and why

should an individual obey his government, his Church, his employer, and others? Answers to these questions

reveal the continuing struggle of the human spirit for freedom.

By Dr. Sterling R. Provost Church authorities have always endeavored to instill within the membership a knowledge and conviction that authority, both political and ecclesiastical, is

given to men in order that confusion might be avoided.

Rebellion is a common occurrence in today's world.

The reasons for such behavior, however, vary. For

some, rebellion is willful disobedience, while to others it is a diversion from routine. There are those who

rebel because they honestly think changes are needed.

However, in order to perpetuate an orderly society, we all need to conform to certain laws. All persons

need to know that in most matters there are standards

What, then, does the gospel say about respect for law of conduct. Should an individual feel that his personal

and its orderly processes? rights have been jeopardized, he is free to follow a

Law is an eternal principle. All men are subject to course of action that will legally and rightfully plead

some degree of law and regulation. The Lord has his cause.

declared that "unto every kingdom is given a law; and In his address at the semiannual general conferunto every law there are certain bounds also and ence in October 1965, President Hugh B. Brown afconditions."(D&C 88:38.) firmed the Church's position on obeying, honoring,

To those who would attempt to render themselves and sustaining the law:

inviolate under the law, the Lord states unequivocally: "Unfortunately, there are those among us today who

Dr. Sterling R. Provost, research and veterans certification officer with the Utah State Coordinating Council of Higher Education, is a member of the South

Cottonwood (Salt Lake County) Second Ward. He was

formerly president of the Laie, Hawaii, community association and has served on three stake high councils.

March 1969 27 advocate breaking the law as one means of calling between what constitutes their freedom and the reto the attention of the nation that some have not been stricting of another's rights. As to man's right to

given the full benefit of the law. They argue that the profligate himself, President McKay said:

laws they break are minor and that the breach is "Free agency is the impelling source of progress.

useful and justified because it assists in the enforceBut with free agency there comes responsibility. If

ment of a greater law. This reasoning is fallacious and man is to be rewarded for righteousness and punished

inconsistent with Christian principles. To follow such for evil, then common justice demands that he be

thinking is to decide that every man is entitled to given the power of independent action. If man were

choose which law he will abide and which he will coerced to do right at all times, or were helplessly violate. No orderly society can be established on enticed to commit sin, he would merit neither a blesssuch theory. There are lawful ways and means of ing for the first nor punishment for the second.

securing all human rights, and one does not foster "Thus we see that man's responsibility is correChristian virtue through irresponsible breaking of the spondingly operative with his free agency. Actions in

law. Seeds of anarchy are sowed in the minds of those harmony with divine law and the laws of nature will

who follow a lawless course. Anarchy was never the bring happiness, and those in opposition to truth,

way of God but rather the way of Satan. Recent riots misery."(Secrets of a Happy Life, p. 154.)

in various parts of our country emphasize this alarmIt would, therefore, seem wisdom that man should ing trend. These lawless demonstrations are often exercise his freedom within the bounds that the Lord

instigated... against authority, against discipline, prescribes. However, the Savior said to the Prophet

against the orderly government of society and every Joseph Smith that "it is not meet that I should comsymbol of authority."( The Improvement Era, Vol. 68 mand in all things; for he that is compelled in all

[December 1965], p. 1103.) things, the same is a slothful and not a wise servant;

In the final analysis, apparently, we are to rely upon wherefore he receiveth no reward."(D&C 58:26.)

the Lord to resolve many of these struggles, for he has When asked the secret to governing his people withpromised: "For behold, I do not require at their hands out coercion, Joseph Smith is reported to have said:

to fight the battles of Zion; for, as I said in a former "I teach them correct principles, and they govern

commandment, even so will I fulfill—I will fight your themselves."(Millennial Star, Vol. 13, p. 339.) This

battles."(D&C 105:14.) concept epitomizes the ideal of control.

St. Agapet said, "When we live habitually with the As in most matters, the responsibility inevitably falls

wicked, we become either their victim or their disciple; upon the individual to bring into alignment his perwhen our association is with virtuous men, we form sonal wishes and to exercise his Godgiven rights in a

ourselves in imitation of their virtues, or at least lose manner that the Lord intends that he should. This

some of our faults."means that he must learn to control himself and his

One of the most impelling laws of nature concerns appetites and channel his efforts in praiseworthy the desire to seek approval from one's peers or compursuits.

rades. If a group has sinister designs, then a person The family is the most important of all institutions.

must achieve these designs in order to win the group's It is properly composed of thoughtful and dutiful sanction. For a disciple of truth, however, his objechusbands, sensitive and faithful wives, and obedient

tive will be to merit the approbation of his Father in and respectful children. The higher the type of family

heaven. life, the more fully will its members fulfill their reAs a result of one's associations, lasting habits will be sponsibilities to each other, the Church, and society.

formed, and one often determines his own degree of A series of studies on delinquency conducted several allegiance to the Church. He formulates his system of years ago at Harvard University reveal that:

values as to the worth of culture and refinement, and 1. Six out of every 10 juvenile delinquents have

he establishes his relation to society and determines parents who drink to excess.

the contribution he will make for its betterment—all 2. Three out of four are permitted by parents to

through the influence of those with whom he come and go as they please.

associates. 3. Three out of five are from homes where there

Probably the most challenging problem of society is discord between parents.

today is to restrict uninhibited behavior through the 4. Seven out of 10 are from homes where there is no

establishment and enforcement of controls. Everyattempt at group or family togetherness activities.

where adults and youth alike are insisting upon 5. Four out of five delinquent boys say their

"greater unrepressed freedoms."Some fail to recogmothers were indifferent to them.

nize in their quest that there is a line of delineation 6. Three out of five delinquent boys say their

28 Improvement Era fathers were indifferent to them. which are of meaningful consequence in his life and

7. Four out of five have parents who take no interthe lives of others.

est in the children's associates. President Hugh B. Brown has said:

8. Few received religious training of any kind. "We bring to you also a challenge and a charge,

Because Latterday Saints are not merely living for for there is great work to be done, great tasks lie the moment but have eternal goals in mind, their relaahead. Your job and ours is to teach our people to

tionships should be formed for eternity. Parents must respect authority both in church and state, to obey

show a deference for each other and demonstrate a the law, and be made amenable to discipline. We

singularly sincere respect for authority—both ecclesimust imbue them with a sense of loyalty and patrioastical and secular. tism. Our people should not join in the demonstrations

A truly happy home is one in which authority is and marches in defiance of law and order nor should democratically exerted, yet the presiding priesthood they join organizations whose purpose is to undermine bearer takes the lead. Each family member in such and put in question the integrity of our leaders,

a home realizes that his viewpoint will be honestly whether in Church or State.

considered before a final decision is reached. Dif- "With a loss of respect for the laws of the land

ferences of opinion can be shared, but once a unity there comes a corresponding loss of respect for the of thought has been reached, it becomes binding both laws of God. Your job and ours is to educate the

in and out of the home environment. By its very hearts of people. Teach them to have a discriminating

existence as a unit, life in the family can make more sense of values, to enrich their personalities, live meaningful the purpose of authority. abundantly, and glorify their intelligence with the

Authority is not an end unto itself; rather, it prowarmth and glow of love of God and fellowmen."

vides the means whereby man can achieve those things (The Abundant Life, p. 240.) O

RICKS COLLEGE SUMMER SCHOOL

First Term June 9 -July 11 Second Term July 14 -August 15

To be held on the RICKS COLLEGE CAMPUS June 1628 1969 featuring

ART

DRAWINGPAINTING and a NATIONAL EXHIBIT

DURING JULY

GRADUATE EDUCATION DANCE

INDUSTRIAL EDUCATION BALLET GROUPS FOR ALL AGES

TEACHER EDUCATION THEATRE ARTS

RICKS COLLEGE DRAMA, ACTING TECHNIQUES,and theORAL INTERPRETATION

Rexburg, Idaho TWELFTH ANNUAL SUMMER CAMP

March 1969 29 Lest We Forget

%*?". "Where the World Karl G.

Registers"Your next trip to Denver—the Maeser

climate capital of America—By Albert L Zobell, Jr.

will be most memorable when Research Editor you stay at the Brown Palace.

600 air conditioned rooms Outwardly the brilliant young he found the address of President suites and executive rooms principal, Karl G. Maeser, was happy. John Van Cott of the Scandinavian

five famous restaurants Like many of his fellow schoolmen in Mission, to whom he immediately complete convention the Germanspeaking world, wrote. The reply came that neither

accommodations Maeser, who taught at the Budich that mission president nor his

To expedite your reply, write Dept. IE Institute, Neustadt, Dresden, was secretary understood much German,

welltrained with the skepticism but he was referred to President that seems to be a Daniel Tyler of the Swiss and

KARL W. MEHLMANN, General Manager part of higher education. Inwardly German Mission at Geneva.

Represented by: he did not like the unsatisfactory Maeser immediately sent a second

MEMBER ROBERT F. WARNER condition of a mind that must rely on letter of inquiry.

York City New GLENN W. FAWCETT the everchanging propositions of When the letter was opened at

Los Angeles speculative philosophy. Geneva, one of the elders

He admired Martin Luther but believed it to be a trick of theV believed that his work had only been German police, and that as such it

IN USE FOR OVER 75 YEARS initiatoryIn searchingat best.for something to shouldPresidentbe Tylerreturneddid withoutnot agree,answer.

Aids in treatment of simple sore which he could tie, he chanced upon stating that he would send it back throat and other minor mouth and a pamphlet attacking the Mormons. as suggested, but if the Lord was

throat irritations.

The author was so illogical and with the writer, the letter would

HALLS REMEDY teacher'ssarcastic thatcuriosity.his wordsInvestigationaroused the comeadded backto it. again with more

Salt Lake City. Utah proved that there were no Mormons Principal Maeser had the letter

in the German state of Saxony, returned to him without any

LDS BOYS RANCH but he accidentally found a newspaper explanation or signature. Naturally

MAKE A MAN OF YOUR SON saying that there were members he felt insulted and wrote again

Grand Tetons... Logging, horseback and in Denmark. In further research to Copenhagen. President Van Cott

river canoe trips, ranch work... Write for

free brochure: Winter Headquarters, Rendezvous Ranch, 994 Grandview Road, Brigham

City, Utah 84302.... 1216 yrs. ages

30 Improvement Era LDS BOOKS AND RECORDS 20 SAVINGS immediately answered, apologizing, 20% OR MORE, CASH SAVINGS ON OVER 600 SELECTIONS saying that President Tyler

No minimum purchase Your choice of items was a good and wise man, and that being sent letter wasthe Maeser or details over at to obtain books and and records of all LDS Catalog on how 80% 20% order. will sent be included savings you they with your selections when upon request: more, cash with I"ptippltt endorsement anto Geneva

from President Van Cott.

This led to a long correspondence FAMILY STORAGE PLAN MEANINGFUL LIVING INDEXCOMPREHENSIVE

Paul H. Dunn Bob R. Zabriskie HISTORY OF THE CHURCHbetween Elder Tyler and Maeser. $2.40 (reg. $3.00) $1.20 (reg. $3.00) $2.40 (reg. $1.50)

were booksPamphlets and POWER OF BELIEVING DOCTRINE DAYS ZION IN THE LAST MORMON still in his Maeser,forwarded. Sterling W. Sill Doxie R. McConkie Bruce Roy

twenties, saw that they were (reg. $1.50) $1.20 (reg. $3.75) $3.00 (reg. $6.95) $5.56

LIFE & LOVE ABOUT literary SALVA- a OF DOCTRINES frompoorly written GETTING THINGS ON

Dr's Belnap & 3. Vols. 2, 1, Griffin TION DONE a gnawing thereviewpoint, but was $2.36 $2.95) Fielding Smith Joseph Roy L. White (reg.

feeling that "Mormonism"was a much (reg. $3.25) $2.60 ABOUT MARRIAGE (reg. $3.75) each $3.00

bigger thing than he had anticipated. LIFE EVERLASTING &MORE (reg. $11.25) Set $9.00

Griffin Dr's Belnap & S. Crowther Duane OF BOOK a COMPACT missionary that requestedHe

$2.36 $2.95) (reg. $3.60 (reg. $4.50) MORMONvisit him.

L.P. Records 16% YEARS 2,000 FIRST William Elder later HISweeks few A (reg. COMPREHENSIVE $34.95) $27.96 Cleon Skousen W.

OF THE CHURCHBudge arrived at the Maeser home. (reg. $3.95) $3.16 TORY

Vols. 1, 2, 5, 6. BOOK OF MORMON COM- 3, 4,

Though he spoke German with THIRD THOUSAND YEARS B. H. Roberts PENDIUM

Sperry Sidney B. W. Cleon Skousendifficulty, and he had a winning

(reg. $6.95) $5.56 (reg. $5.95) $4.76 (reg.(reg. $27.00)$4.50) eachset $21.60$3.60 creating personality,dignified

COVEDOCTRINE AND THOUSAND FOURTH influencein an the Maeser home NANTS COMPENDIUM INTRODUCTORY YEARS

B. Sperry Sidney principles Skousen the hallowedthat W. Cleon OFFER (reg. $5.95) $4.76 (reg. $5.56 $6.95) eightadvocated. weeks later About or more 25% TRIPLE COMBINATIONPROPHECY savings cash Franklin Elder thatword came

Plate with Gold Records S. Crowther Duane

D. Richards of the Council of the (reg. $4.50) $3.60 Book of Mormon 33V3 L.P.

Twelve, who was then president VITAL QUOTATIONS FASCINATING WOMAN- (reg. $92.50) $74.00

West Roy Emerson Mission, andof the BOOK European OF MORMON HOOD

L.P. 33V3 $3.60 -Records $4.50) B. Andelin Helen Kimball William were coming (reg.Elder

Edition Plate Gold (reg. $4.46 $5.95) FOR KNOW MAY MAN interviews After a few Dresden.to (reg. $57.50) $46.00 HIMSELF VOICE OF THE with Elder Elder Richards,with David 0. Pres. McKay DOCTRINE COVEAND PROPHETS ISRAELS

Budge interpreting, Maeser decided (reg. $4.95) $3.96 Sidney B. Sperry NANTSRecords 33%-L.P.

to be baptized: this took LIVING, LOVING & (reg. $3.75) $2.50 (reg. $32.95) $26.36

PEARL OF PRICE GREAT MARRYING AND 1855.place THE CHURCH 14, October

L.P. Curtis & Anderson -Records 33% NEGRO THE of coming out On $3.60 the water of the (reg. $10.95) $4.50) $8.76 L. Lund (reg. John

Elbe River, Brother Maeser lifted THE REFINERS FIRE (reg. $2.50) $1.87 ARTICLES OF FAITH IN

both hands to heaven, praying: Alvin R. Dyer KEY TO THEOLOGY WORD AND SONGRecord

(reg. $4.76 $5.95) L.P. 33V3 P. Pratt Parley if I have what"Father, done

Primary Tempe Stake (reg. $1.50 $2.25) LDS GAME BOOK is thee,just unto pleasing (reg. now $3.00) $2.40 Alma Heaton TO YOU SO WANT

give and testimony, me a (reg. $3.16 $3.95) LIBERALISM, CONSERVARAISE A BOY

TISM require & MORMONISMwhatever shouldst W. Cleon Skousen thou UPON ADDED

Hyrum L. Andrus (reg. $5.50) $3.75 Nephi Anderson I shall do, evenof to the my hands (reg. $1.95) $1.56 $1.56 (reg. $1.95)

life for this cause."laying of down my

There seemed to be no response * Postage & Handling.

to this plea, and the baptismal United States: Add 15c per $3.00 order or portion thereof for all books and records.

party started walking to the Games, Genealogical Supplies: Add 25c per $3.00 order or portion thereof.

Maeser home. Alltion Foreignthereof.Countries:All records,Books:GamesAddand20cotherper $3.00materialorderincludingor porBrother Maeser was walking between Genealogical Supplies add $1.00 for the first $3.00 or portion

Elder Richards and Elder Budge, of order and 35c for each additional $3.00 or portion.

with the others dropping behind so as to attract no attention.

The conversation turned to the LDS pl BOOKSTORE P. 0. Box 2454

authority of the priesthood, with 346 S. Hobson St. Mesa, Arizona 85201 Tel: 9647061

Offer good anywhere in the world.

March 1969 31 Advertisement

People over 65 get the cash they need to fill the gaps in Medicare that could cost them thousands.

Life's more fun when you feel secure against medical bills. It's twice the fun

knowing you'll get money back for staying healthy. Sick or well you must collect.

Wliatlim Can Do about Todayls $>4aday Hospital Costs

Like everything else, the cost of being sick or hurt you get a cash refund of all your basic annual prehas gone up sharply. The average daily cost of a miums at maturity. It's like having an extra savings

hospital stay has tripled since 1952—from $18.35 to account set aside for your future security and pleasure.

$54.08 a day. You don't even have to stay 100% healthy to get

These skyrocketing medical costs have put millions money back. If you collect benefits that are less than

of Americans in a dangerous spot, because their health what you paid in annualized premiums, you get a cash insurance is no longer enough to pay the bills. They'll refund of the difference.

either have to pay the lion's share out of their own So no matter what—sick or well—you pockets—or buy more health insurance, using money It's the sensible, lowcost answer to today'smust rapidlycollect!

they'd rather save for the future. rising medical costs.

But now there's a remarkably different kind of This remarkable MoneyBack protection is offered moneyback health insurance that solves this problem. by Bankers Life and Casualty Co. of Chicago, whose

This revolutionary health insurance takes the worry famous White Cross Plan policies now protect over out of life because it returns money to you if you don't 6,000,000 Americans. And the White Cross Plan also

get sick or hurt. If you don't need the benefits, you get includes new lowcost protections to help folks who

paid a big cash "nest egg"at maturity. are over 65 fill the many gaps in Medicare.

Like ordinary health insurance, this low cost plan The story of this revolutionary health insurance pays you generous taxfree cash benefits if you do get that also pays you cash if you stay well—and special

sick or hurt. It pays you in addition to benefits you "Over65"plans to supplement Medicare—as told in

collect from any other hospital, medical or surgical the Gold Book, an interesting and informative booklet insurance you have, including group. offered free by Bankers.

But unlike ordinary insurance, this plan means you Readers of Improvement Era can get a free copy of no longer have to get sick or hurt to collect. If you stay the GOLD BOOK by mailing the postagefree airwell, you still get a big check. Instead of paying premail reply card next to this page. There is no cost or

miums which return no money if you have no claims, obligation for this service.

32 Improvement Era Elder Budge acting as interpreter. and Switzerland. There he continued

Suddenly Brother Maeser stopped to use his teaching ability, and

Elder Budge, realizing that he with his writing ability he founded was understanding President the mission paper, Der Stem.

Richards as he spoke in English, When he arrived home to Salt and that the apostle was Lake City in 1870, his wife returned understanding the questions phrased to him a fiftycent piece that he in German. The conversation continued had given her, the only money

thus until they arrived at their that he had had at the time point of separation, where of his mission call.

the manifestation suddenly In April 1876 he was called to ceased as it had come. head the Brigham Young Academy,

It had not seemed strange to Provo, Utah, which had been

Brother Maeser while it lasted, but functioning since the previous October.

then he asked Elder Budge what it "I want you to remember that you had all meant. The missionary ought not to teach even the

replied that surely God had alphabet or the multiplication tables given him a testimony. without the spirit of God,"Select from scores of designs, most popular acWithin a year Brother Maeser President Young instructed him. cessories. Buy with confidence from West's

resigned his teaching position in In 1888 the First Presidency leading manufacturer of mailorder invitations.

Dresden and traveled to London, the called Karl G. Maeser to become Rush orders shipped same day received.

first step on his way to Utah. the first superintendent of all Church

There he became engrossed in Church schools. For two years he served

activity, diligently studying in this new position as well as in

English as well as the gospel. his position at Brigham Young Send coupon for FREE CATALOG and

He arrived in America July 4, 1857, Academy; then in 1890 Benjamin samples (enclose 25c if air mail is desired)

and intended to work a few weeks Cluff was appointed to assist him to: REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440

Name in Philadelphia, but he could not at the Provo school. On January

find work there. In the midst of 4, 1892, Dr. Maeser concluded Address

these circumstances he was his direct connection with the City, State, Zip called to fill a mission to the academy. Dr. George H. Brimhall,

South. He labored in Virginia most later a president of Brigham Young

of the time, financing himself by University, said of Dr. Maeser's

occasionally teaching music to teaching ability: "Love was his bow,

members of prominent southern and truth was his arrow."

families. He served as second assistant and TheInternational

After his mission he returned to later first assistant in the general House of Pancakes

Philadelphia, where he earned enough superintendency of the Deseretto continue the journey to Utah. Sunday School Union. In January Restaurants141 East 3rd South Salt Lake City, Utah

On the journey, in 1860, Elder 1894 he was called on a mission 3283538

Maeser found real brotherhood in to California, to direct the Church that others, more physically able, educational exhibits at a fair in were always on hand to aid San Francisco. Returning home, he

him in harnessing, hitching, was made a member of the Utah and driving the oxen. State Constitutional Convention. Planning to Buy or Rent in

He opened a school in an old Karl G. Maeser passed away

meetinghouse and granary in February 15, 1901, and it was said

For Informationpacked Salt Lake City. In 1861 he was of him: "The truth which he so booklet: DESTINATION

appointed to direct the Union tactfully, but with force, impressed WASHINGTON & Picture

Academy, and in 1864 he became upon the hearts of the children Gallerywrite Mrs.of fineJean homes,Beck,

the private tutor of the children of of his time, is the monument LDS, 6013 Leewood Dr.

Brigham Young. At the April 1867 that shall perpetuate his memory, Alex. ORVa. contact703971-5340

general conference he was called enshrouding it with living freshness Mrs. Jeanne Beck

to fill a mission to Germany in generations yet to come."O 1401 D. Madison Blvd

A COMPANV Mclean, va.

REALTORS 22101

March 1969 33,o / /// Qj

CO / c /'O SJO* I c / CO 'The Presiding Bishop CD J Talks to Youth About TO!

CD I

By Bishop John H. VandenbergRepen tance

Advancements in the space proance"system. He said: "... it is diately. In our lives we need to be

gram in recent months have been given unto you to judge, that ye sensitive to the promptings of a great technical achievement on may know good from evil; and the the Spirit of Christ; in addition, we

the part of many great minds. The way to judge is as plain, that ye need to heed the counsel of parApollo 8 mission, for example, was may know with a perfect knowlents and leaders who are inter-

a great success scientifically—but edge, as the daylight is from the ested in our success.

in addition, it provided some great dark night. When we detect some deviation

lessons that we can apply to our "For behold, the Spirit of Christ from the course of righteousness, personal lives. One such lesson is given to every man, that he the Lord has made provision,

involves an important concept in may know good from evil...."through his atonement, for us to

space guidance called midcourse (Moroni 7:1516.) execute a midcourse maneuver or

maneuver. Immediately after the Just as there are tracking stacorrection; this process is called

Apollo spacecraft was injected tions on earth following the Apollo, repentance. It is a process wherefrom earth orbit, instruments on so we have tracking stations vitally by we can bring our lives back on

the spacecraft and at tracking stainterested in the course of our course and continue toward our tions on earth started measuring lives. These tracking stations inobjective of eternal life.

the course that was being followed clude our parents, bishop, quorum We need to be particularly and comparing it with the course presidency, home teachers, quoaware of what seem to be little that must be followed if the misrum adviser, teachers, and others. deviations—for these socalled

sion objective was to be reached. These people are strategically little deviations can thwart our

We have a gift similar to the stationed in our lives to help us entire mission. The Lord has

guidance instruments in the space-| maintain our course toward exalsaid, "For I the Lord cannot look ship that tells us when we are'tation. upon sin with the least degree of

deviating from the course of righ? It is vitally important that the allowance."(D&C 1:31.)

teousness. Mormon, the Nephite slightest deviation from the deHe has said this because he

prophet, commented on this "guiasired course is corrected immerealizes the cost of even a little

34 Improvement Era error or deviation from the course ye might receive damage by us leading to exaltation. We cannot in nothing. This is

excuse sin or error in any form in "For godly sorrow worketh reone place our lives; we need to continually pentance to salvation not to be

assess our position on the course repented of: but the sorrow of the we teach

of exaltation, necessary, world and when worketh death."(2 Cor. 7:9- you not 10.) a midcourse should make we

maneuver and repent of our misThird, when we have come to a to fiddle!

takes and bring our lives back on knowledge of wrongdoing, and are course. truly sorry for it, the next step is to

One of the great blessings that confess that we have done wrong.

the Lord has given us is the power The Lord has said: "By this ye

to redirect the course of our lives. may know if a man repenteth of Wewomenenrolledlast springa lot whoof youngstoppedmenfiddlingand

and learned quite a few things about will confessWe can do this only because of his sins—behold, he their chosen profession.

the atonement of our Savior. He them and forsake them."(D&C Why our interest in these bright young

has made it possible for us to re58:43.) people?

direct our lives through repentance To whom should we confess our We need as many as we can get to fill and thus not have to suffer the sins? In the Doctrine and Coveallthe overincreasingthe Westdemandwho preferfrom industriesgraduates

eternal consequences of our devianants is this statement: "... I, the from Utah Technical College at Provo.

tions from the course of righLord, forgive sins unto those who Checkwrite usthe forcourseyourofferingsfree brochurebelow, thenand teousness. confess their sins before me and registration details.

Just as there are essential steps ask forgiveness, who have not Aircraft instrument repair, auto body, that must be followed to effect a sinned unto death."(D&C 64:7.) businessauto mechanics,and secretarialbuilding science,construction,commid-course maneuver, so there are From this scripture we know mercialmechanics,art,draftingdentalandassisting,design technoldiesel

certain conditions that must be we should confess our sins to ogy, electrical and automation techmet if repentance is to be effected. the Lord. Serious transgressions nology,decorating,electronicmachinetechnology,shop, marketinginterior

The first condition for true reshould also be confessed to our management, practical nursing, refrigerpentance is to be conscious of our bishop, who is a "common judge ation and air conditioning, welding.

faults and mistakes. President in Israel."

McKay has said, "What progress Fourth, we should seek to bring can there be for a man unconabout a restitution for the wrong scious of his faults? Such a man that we have done. Our repentance

has lost the fundamental element will be meaningful only if we are of growth which is the realization reconciled with those whom we that there is something bigger, have wronged.

better, and more desirable than "Therefore if thou bring thy gift the condition in which he now to the altar, and there rememberfinds himself. In the soil of selfest that thy brother hath ought

satisfaction, true growth has poor against thee;

nourishment. Its roots find greater "Leave there thy gift before the

succor in discontent. altar, and go thy way; first be

"Heaven pity the man who is reconciled to thy brother, and then unconscious of a fault!"come and offer thy gift."(Matt.

Second, there must be sorrow 5:2324.)

for sin—not merely remorse, but Fifth, we should stay on course.

true sorrow. The apostle Paul Having made a midcourse maneuspoke of this type of sorrow as a ver or correction, we should not

godly sorrow. In writing to some repeat the error.

repentant Saints at Corinth, he To reach our ultimate goal of said: exaltation, we must continually

"Now \ rejoice, not that ye were monitor our thinking and behavior;

made sorry, but that ye sorrowed and as the occasion requires, we to repentance: for ye were made should repent in order to bring our

sorry after a godly manner, that lives back on course. o

March 1969 Sound advice on how and why each head of a family

should prepare a will

Planning

(Authors comment: This article is directed to the

head of the family. Each mother, hoioever, should read

the article in its entirety, for it concerns her welfare and that of her children. )

Prepare for the future. Be ready for an emergency.

For years, Church leaders have been stressing family preparedness. As a Latterday Saint father, you have

a responsibility of shielding your family from the unforeseen.

What if an unexpected accident were to take you from your family? Many widows and children would

soon exhaust the provisions left them. An essential

part of family preparedness is family estate planning.

It is well to ponder the consequences of not properly providing for your family: "But if any provide not for

his own, and specially for those of his own house, he hath denied the faith, and is worse than an infidel."

(1 Tim. 5:8.)

The family is the cornerstone of life. Nevertheless,

the security of the family is often neglected. This

fact was illustrated several years ago by a Reader's

Digest poll, which revealed that four out of seven adults have done nothing about planning their estates.

(The term "estate"refers to all of your properties, including but not limited to such things as real estate, investments, savings, insurance, and business interests.)

Death always seems to come at the wrong time. This

is especially so for the families of those four out of seven people who, through neglect or indecision, fail to provide for their loved ones.

In the Book of Mormon, Nephi states that the Lord

J. Randolph Ayre, an attorney with Boise Cascade Company in Idaho, has long observed "the difficulties attendant with not properly planning for the future; too

many have been left destitute through failure to plan."

Photo by Eldon Linschoten Posed by Linda and Russell Callister

Improvement Era

By J. Randolph Ayrefor the Future

gives no commandment "save he shall prepare a way securities, and insurance. What are these properties

for them that they may accomplish the thing which worth now? What could they be worth in five, ten.

he commandeth them."(1 Ne. 3:7.) There are ways or twenty years? Do they really represent security and

for yon to provide for your family's future if you act. freedom for your family?

Your estate should be able to provide you with Chances are you will find little comfort in reviewing security during retirement and your family with inyour properties. If you are salaried or selfemployed,

dependence and security after you die. Check the the family's main source of income may cease at your

adequacy of your estate by answering the following death. If you own a small business, your wife may or

questions: may not be able to keep it going, especially if she must

Who? To whom will you leave your properties? Conalso run a household or work with partners. Most

sider carefully those loved ones for whom you want homes are mortgaged, savings are usually small, and to provide. Distinguish between your "must"beneinvestments are negligible. The only other major asset

ficiaries, such as wife and children, and others who is insurance. Even here the prospects may be dismal,

do not directly rely upon you for support. Think about since many families carry insufficient amounts of

the needs and capabilities of each beneficiary. Can insurance.

he or she handle money or property? Does failing If, in reviewing your estate, you find it financially

health or a special education requirement demand that deficient, take corrective steps immediately. A proone beneficiary be given more than another? gram that combines systematic savings and investment

Why? Your gift to each loved one must be geared with appropriate insurance coverage will give your

to meet his or her needs. Your son, for example, might family a good hedge against the unexpected. If you

better use part of your properties for his education, can participate in a retirement program or qualify for while your daughter might need financial protection Social Security7, you will want to determine whether from a designing or incompetent husband. Your wife these programs could be advantageous to your estate

will need a home, regular income, and extra cash for planning.

illnesses or other emergencies. How? The rest of this article will be devoted to the

When? 'Ask yourself at what point in time after your tools that can be used in building your estate plan.

death each beneficiary will need help. For example, From biblical times to the present, a will has been

a wife with a young family will need immediate and used as a written instrument by which a person directs longlasting help. A son may need special help upon how and to whom his property will be distributed

reaching college and mission age. A family business upon his death. In some states, a handwritten will

may eventually go to a son, but not until it has given is valid if entirely written, dated, and signed by the lifetime support to the decedent's widow. testator's own hand. Caution should be exercised in

What? What properties do you have that can be the use of such wills. A "homemade"will may be

used to take care of the needs of your family? Take a worse than none at all. It may be misinterpreted,

careful look at your family business, real estate, illegally executed, ambiguous, or unenforceable. To

March 1969 37 "For a Latterday Saint family, be jeopardized if you were to die without a will and his share of your property was reduced by taxes below the designation of a guardian the level necessary to sustain him in the mission field.

4. To take care of specific bequests. Of their own

is doubly important"initiative, courts are reluctant to determine which pieces of property should go to whom. Normally, a

husband will want his wife to keep the family home and its furnishings. He may want heirlooms to go to a

protect your estate and your family, seek the advice daughter and a business interest to a son. A will

of qualified legal counsel and have him prepare your makes it possible to designate who is to receive what.

will. By using a little personal foresight (something the

Many people ask the question: "Do I really need a court cannot do for you), you will insure that the

will?"Yes, you do—for the following reasons: right property is given to the right person. This can

1. To provide for property distribution. By using a also help avoid a lot of intrafamily bickering.

will, you can designate the person or persons who will 5. To provide for tax savings. Just dying can cause

receive your property at death. But even if you die taxes. As a rule of thumb, if an estate is under $60,000,

without a will, the laws of the state in which you live there will be no federal estate tax, and depending upon will prescribe how your estate will be distributed. The the state of domicile, little or no state inheritance tax.

big question is whether you want your estate disWhen an estate is between $60,000 and $120,000, tributed according to your own personal desires as federal tax can be avoided and state tax minimized by set forth in your will or according to an inflexible, tax planning. With estates in excess of $120,000, tax

arbitrary rule set forth by the laws of your state. For considerations are important, because lack of planning

example: According to the laws of many states, if can result in the unnecessary payment of sizeable

a man dies without a will and is survived by his wife death taxes.

and one child, half of his property goes to the wife and If your estate is likely to fall within a taxable half to the child. On the other hand, if he has two bracket, serious consideration should be given to seekchildren, onethird of his estate will go to his wife ing advice on tax planning from an attorney skilled

and twothirds to the children. Such a situation could in estate tax matters. Bear in mind that there is

unduly bind a mother's hands, since she might not be nothing unscrupulous or immoral about taxsaving free to use the children's money even for their own plans.

support. Such a situation can be avoided through the 6. To appoint a fiduciary. Whether you have a will

use of a will. or not, the court will appoint a bank or a person to

2. To provide a guardian. You and your wife would manage your estate. If you have a will, you can name

never leave home for an evening if you were unable this person as the executor. If you do not have a will,

to find a qualified babysitter for your children. By someone on behalf of your estate will request the

the same token, you should not leave your children court to appoint an administrator. The duties of the

unprotected by failing to have a will that designates executor or administrator include collecting and keep- a guardian. Such things as headon collisions have left ing invested your properties, paying your debts and

many minor children without parents. In your will you taxes, filing claims, and in general doing all those

should name the person you want as guardian for your things that you yourself are required to do to maintain children should something happen to you and your your property. Because of the important duties of

wife. This allimportant decision is left to the court this person, it behooves you to designate in your will

in the absence of such a designation. For a Latteras executor a person who you know is competent and

day Saint family, the designation of a guardian is able to protect the best interests of your estate and doubly important to insure that your children continue your heirs.

to be reared according to Church standards. Settling an estate is no mere formality. It takes time

3. To insure death cost provision. With a will you and requires special qualifications if the work is to

can make provisions designating who of your heirs be done properly and economically. For this reason,

will bear the burdens of debts, taxes, and other costs. think twice before naming a relative or friend to be

Since these items could be substantial, it is important the sole executor of your estate. Sentimental reasons

to decide how they shall be shared by the heirs. Say, should not influence your decision. You need compefor example, your son needs a minimum amount to tent help to oversee your properties for the benefit of

provide for his needs on a mission. His mission could heirs of the estate. Equally important is the fact that

38 Improvement Era Special Savings for your Son's or Daughter's Mission

Whether you save a little each month or make lumpsum savings periodically, we can assist you in accumulating the $2400 to $3000 generally needed for mission financing. Maximum interest paid and accounts insured

up to $15,000 by the Federal Deposit Insurance

Corporation.

We also offer maximum interest and plans to help you accumulate money to cover college expenses for your

children.

On STAKE, WARD, QUORUM and AUXILIARY funds we offer 5 % interest paid 4 times a year on amounts above $500.

/ s FILL IN AND MAIL FOR COMPLETE DETAILS on the following savings plans:

'CD Stake, Ward, Quorum, Auxiliary funds First Q Mission \\ College Education I I

I I

I N ame I Security Address

| City State Zip

I MAIL TO: First Security Bank I Bank

\ P. O. Box 390, Salt Lake City, Utah 841 1 J

v. / First Security Bank of Utah, National Association,

First Security State Bank First Security Bank of Idaho, National Association,

First Security Bank of Rock Springs, Wyoming.

Members Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation

March 1969 39 'Joint tenancy, like a semaphore, something like this: "Mr. X and Mrs. X, his wife,

grantors, Salt Lake City, County of Salt Lake, State of is a sign of possible danger"Utah, hereby grant to [your name] and [your wife's name], his wife, as joint tenants with full right of the executor should be impartial. If he is a benesurvivorship and not as tenants in common."

ficiary under the will, his interests as a beneficiary Property held in joint tenancy is unusual because may conceivably be in conflict with his duties as creditors of a decedent cannot assert any claims against executor. He may not be absolutely impartial in his it. At death the law treats this property as though

dealings with all the other beneficiaries. In naming the decedent had never had any interest in it. The

an executor, you might want to consider a professional advisability of using joint tenancy as an estate tool executor, such as a trust company. Savings created by depends on your circumstances.

a professional trustee may well exceed the cost of its Advantages of joint tenancy: Property held in joint

services. tenancy does not need to be probated. This could

In addition to the reasons already listed, a will can result in a savings of time and some cost. With small

contain such other beneficial tools as trusts and powers estates, joint tenancy might well be considered. Howof appointment. Being a flexible document, a will ever, use it with caution.

can be changed at any time to meet new needs or conDisadvantages of joint tenancy: At death, the surditions. As a matter of fact, each will (especially an viving party automatically owns the entire property.

older one) should be reviewed periodically to ensure Check to be sine that this is the person you want to that it takes care of the current needs of your family. have this property at your death. You may intend

A new addition to the family, a now independently certain property to go to certain heirs, but if your wealthy child, a relative recently seriously injured are property is in joint tenancy, it goes to the joint tenant.

matters that may prompt you to change some of your A will can be changed at any time; joint tenancy may

original gift provisions. One word of caution: The be changed only with the consent of the joint tenant,

laws relating to wills are complex and technical. This and that person may not be too anxious to give up his

makes it imperative that you consult with an attorney half of the property. Watch out if two families are

before changing an existing will or making a new one. involved. For example, if both spouses have been

In addition to wondering why he needs a will, a married before and both have children by their person may wonder what will happen to his estate. previous marriages, the children of the first spouse to

At death, your estate will be probated. Because die would be disinherited, with the entire joint tenancy

there are so many misunderstandings surrounding this property going first to the surviving spouse and then concept, it might be well to note the functions of the probably to his or her children.

court when it probates an estate. Briefly, this proceedIf you decide to use joint tenancy as an estate tool,

ing is designed to protect widows, orphans, and other bear in mind that you still need a will. After all, a

survivors from claims—groundless or otherwise—that number of things, such as heirlooms and personal

may be asserted against properties formerly owned by effects, cannot be held in joint tenancy. You will need

the decedent. a will to ensure that all of your property is properly

Generally, the most significant creditor is the govdistributed among your heirs.

ernment. The court determines taxes and sees that The Bible speaks of two wardrobes: a spiritual and

they are paid. It also determines all other debts and a physical one. As a father you must recognize your

sees that they are likewise paid. As soon as this is duty to clothe your family in both wardrobes. You

done, the court enters an order that prohibits all future must constantly give your family spiritual leadership.

claims against the properties of the decedent. And you must also provide them with material seSaid Charlie Brown to his wife: "But dear, we curity now and for the unforeseeable future.

don't need a will. I put our property in joint tenancy."The Lord declared in this dispensation: "And again,

If you're Brother Brown's wife, watch out! Joint verily I say unto you, that every man who is obliged

tenancy, like a blinking semaphore, is a sign of possible to provide for his own family, let him provide, and he danger. Why? Joint tenancy is a form of ownership. shall in nowise lose his crown."(D&C 75:28.)

It requires an instrument in writing that contains words It is so much better to pay the small cost of doing to indicate that two or more persons own a piece of something rather than the great cost of doing nothing.

property together as "joint tenants."For example, if Put your home in order. Provide for your family's

your house is in joint tenancy, the deed probably reads future by doing your estate planning. O

40 Improvement Era Marion D. Hanks, Editor

Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor

Art by Dennis Smith and Trevor Southey

March 1969 What is it like to be a Mormon student on a small campus? What do you do for social life? What part

does religion play? How do you find friends and

where does one get leadership experience to prepare k him to be a contributing member of society and the kingdom of God on earth?

The Era of Youth gives you a view of life on a small campus as we visit the College of Southern Utah, nestled in Cedar City, in a valley near the famous redrock cliffs of Cedar Breaks. It is one of many campuses

in the world where LDS students study and live, fall

Era of Youth in love and prepare to step forth into the larger world. Royden C. Braithwaite, president of College of SouthThis small college has a student body of about 1,700 ern Utah, is much loved by the student body, and when

students but boasts a significant curriculum, an honasked about Mormon influence and programs on camored faculty. The student has a wealth of opportunities pus, he had this to say: "Their basic philosophy and

for personal development through the annual Shakegoals, which motivate all that is done for the students, speare Festival, excellent music, athletics, and other the college, and the community, serve to move the

programs. college toward the realization of its destiny to benefit

The LDS student has the special blessing of the instithe student."

tute of religion, campus stake, and Churchsponsored On these pages is a quick look at the leaders of social organizations under the correlating agency of Latterday Saint students attending CSU and the lovely the LDS Student Association. campus itself.

Lana Hutchings... viceRobert B. White... stake Joseph C. Felix... educaGilbert Hull... coordinapresident... elementary president... a successful tion adviser at the institute tor of student activities at

education major... gradubanker and leader in comof religion... experienced the institute... educated

ate of Dixie College... a munity affairs... raised on counselor of youth (practiced in marriage and family relagirl who quietly loves the a farm and educated in agrion his nine children)... tions counseling... raised

Lord and treats her peers culture... sportsman and efficient administrator... on a cattle ranch in Idaho

with respect... planning a horseman... father of five his love of the Lord makes... finds great inspiration

June wedding.... sensitive to people and scripture live... a mounand relaxation in the outissues. tainlion hunter... active in doors... participated in

preserving historical heritage high school and college boxof southern Utah. ing... father of four.

March 1969 43 Sr$

A campus is a world of its own, peopled by interesting students with talents and interests varied enough to bring success to all kinds of activities. Here is College

of Southern Utah with some of the people who make things happen.

I JJ

-"COLLEGE r THE

Bull By Gilbert a fc- * assorted M V 011"1 leetder t, of, *,ts time aIlead It J**ii tfcrilH9tw fcstn* be * trtSts s "* <**

or Aabout ttrll, st ad a desn'e to b. otsaresieer*- fects*eW Mtt

stents.** 8roros *-

leaders. Ttallababout,, t(l e CM** *? ftd,at WW st00(l Vo,,

,* ** its you*. T"iB leader J rf - ConAssociation * dent VM'SatChTi*-* rterda*

stn /of the reaped toM iw are ((*tfc.L

* * people W( fnctioni *they are g t(l respect leaders:

g).as,,oots isia of *r*, America: JW*

46 Era of Youth UTAH... CALIFORNIA...

We were at a dinner party during the holidays The Carmichael (California) Second Ward is and a great group of carolers appeared on the very proud of the McManus family. Sister Mcstep. Surprise for Brother Hanks and Sister CanManus has done an outstanding job in her position

non—when the singing was finished, your editors as YWMIA camp director and has been a great

were each presented with a huge novel Christmas inspiration to the girls in her ward. This past

sock and a tribute from the young singers. We year Sister McManus and her four daughters all

were full of joy! Among the carolers were received individual awards. The McManus famSuzanne Harrington, Ilene England, Nancy Fox, ily are converts to the Church. (From left to

John Morgan, Mike Dean, Joe Richards, Mike right: Lynda, Cynthia, Sister McManus, Ruth,

Weilenmann, Carolyn Dahl. Scott Anderson is and Jacquelynn.)

class leader.

CALIFORNIA...

Mormon youth around South Gate, California, WASHINGTON...

have leaders who help them stage the kinds of Fashionettes, they call themselves, and they're activities that get out the crowd and make a brand new council in North Seattle Stake called precious memories. Sharing oldfashioned hay together to decide on suitable and stylish clothes

rides, frontier games, athletic events, and banana for youth there. Eightyfive models showed their

splits with teens you love is a great way to spend own clothing as approved by the council at a a day. Claudell Empey caught some of the Calispecial fashion show recently. Mary Taylor is the

ifornians in action for us. stake YWMIA president.

o

-<f$fT -JLUMMI

UTAH...

Students in the 15th Ward at Utah State University decided to show their parents how to have an allout bazaar and carnival. It had an international flavor and a lot of work behind it. Girls

made the aprons, novelties, and goodies. Boys

built the booths, supplied the comic relief, and helped count the money. It has been declared by

all that it was the event of the year.

o

FIJI...

To be a youth in Suva, Fiji, and a member of the LDS Church too is a privilege but a challenge, according to Hiaigi Wesley. Most of the young

people have parents who are not members. There

is a unique combination of races and many different languages spoken, but youth work wonderfully well together to spread the gospel, lift the lives of their friends, and strengthen their own efforts in following the best paths.

O

O

c 48 Era of Youth V

CANADA...

At the age of 12, Laurie Jean Stewart of Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, is well on her way to being an excellent homemaker. She was one of

18 semifinalists in the Singer Young Stylemaker contest and won an allexpense-paid trip to Montreal to compete in the finals. In addition

to sewing most of her own clothes, Laurie also makes many clothes for her twoyear-old sister.

She plays the piano and violin and enjoys knitting ]) and crocheting.

GERMANY Brush up on your German, readers, and you'll recognize that Judgentagung means youth conference. LDS young men and young women from

Austria, Switzerland, and Germany gathered in

Hamburg for a marvelous time, according to

Heber Nielsen, an American who now lives in

Germany. For five days the youth and their

leaders reveled in the inimitable friendship with other members of the Church. They took a

pleasure cruise and they danced. They listened to

an organ concert at the Planten un Blomen, a famous garden exhibition in Hamburg. They

competed in sports. They watched roadshows,

and they drank in inspiration from Elder Thomas

S. Monson and mission, temple, and stake presidents. And when not otherwise anxiously engaged, they scattered into various sections of the

city and conducted a most interesting survey among nonMormons. The results follow

Are you happy to be a German?

5145 asked. 4399 (85.5%) "Yes"- 746 (14.5%)

Do you pray?

5118 asked. 2021 (39.5%) "Yes"—3097 (60.5%) "No

Do you think that the Ten Commandments are still applicable today?

5134 asked. 2953 (57.5%) "Yes"—2181 (42.5%) "No"

Do you believe that Jesus Christ is the Son of God?

5041 asked. 2348 (47.3%) "Yes"—2657 (52.7%) "No"

Would you work without pay for a good cause?

5127 asked. 4239 (82.7%) "Yes"—888 (17.3%) "No"

Have you ever heard of the Mormons?

5099 asked. 2917 (57.2%) "Yes"—2182 (42.8%) "No"

MICHIGAN...

What a delightful way to get an education, poking about Greenfield with youth from Detroit

Stake (Michigan). Norma Boyer set the whole

thing up and Roma Hardy served as photographer.

We saw the building where light globes were invented and airplanes first built and where many other historical "firsts"were accomplished.

TEXAS...

Vicky Von Bose, 19, a junior majoring in math at the University of Texas, has earned seven individual awards and has received a YWMIA gold medallion. She has completed the campcrafter

program and served last summer as a camp counselor. Vicky is a member of the Arlington Ward,

Fort Worth Stake, and is currently holding the positions of Junior Sunday School organist, Primary teacher, and MIA dance director.

CXD

'; By Sally Broadbent

Winner of Marba C. Josephson Scholarship, 1968

The spring has come. Suddenly, temporarily, yet intensely,

it is here, brightening our lives and rushing to our senses. We

drop, for the moment, our History of New Spain and Behavior

Patterns of Development to stand at the window and stare out, hypnotized, at the mountains darkening against the stillblue sky after sundown, to smell the earthiness of the breeze. The mind

wanders back to suddenly released memories of springs past, then turns to idle speculation about springs future. Ah...

The Sabbath has come. Suddenly, at the end of a wearying

C\ weekend, it is upon us again with its promise of spiritual rejuvenation and the chance, through the holy sacrament of the Lord's

Supper, for new life. We drop our preoccupation for the moment

with studies and personal problems, and our minds become filled to overflowing with gratitude for our many blessings.

The brilliance of the heavens beyond the branches fades as the stars begin to come out. How beautiful is the spring! It comes

to us once a year. And how thankful ive are for the holy Sabbath,

which comes once a week!

"My cup runneth o'er...."

By Gary E. Baugh

It was my first hunting trip, and although I was only ten, I will never forget lt The three h

* Friday from town to the top of thpcne mountains in

Daniel's Canyon seemed endless. I remember the inviting smell of the sagebrush on

that clear October day. The sharp mountain air was warmed and enriched by the

cheerfulness of the late afternoon sun and the brightness of autumn's favorite colors found along the quiet canyon walls.

That night was a sleepless one for me.

In nearly uncontrollable anticipation, my boyish imagination and dreams flowed quicker than a soldier's adrenaline during the heat of battle. Thoughts of the excitement of tramping through the forests with

Dad and of camping overnight in the wilds were vivid. I had childish visions of

enormous bucks, with antlers wider than my outstretched arms, gracefully bounding over fallen logs and scrub oak and dashing through the dense velvet pines. A thousand and one adventures raced wildly

rampant through my mind that short night.

The Saturday morning of the hunt began coldly at 3:30. The sky was midnight

black, spirits but and energy were my % tree higher than tent the tall to which our

m was tied. The eggs and bacon were never teased and taunted Dad as only a thoughtso tasty; the hot chocolate, never so less boy could do. "Ha, ha! I was only

satisfying. kidding. I sure fooled you, didn't I?"

The morning passed quickly. I was The look on Dad's face was pain, horror,

extremely proud of Dad. To me he was the and relief all in one. Instantly I knew I

world's greatest father and best hunter. had done wrong. There was no mistaking

He had shot two deer for our party long the deep injury I had caused him. Never

before noon. had I done anything so cruel. An almost

The excitement of the eventful morning physical agony evidenced itself on Dad's made the quiet afternoon seem long and face. He towered before me silent and still,

monotonous. This, coupled with the previwondering, I'm sure, whether to whip me

ous night's lack of sleep, the tiring efforts or throw his arms around me.

of the morning, and the hot autumn sun, Never was there a tenyear-old who was increased my natural inclination for mismore sorry, more regretful, more afraid chievousness. than I at that moment. The seconds we

I was a hundred yards below and slightly stood there mutely immobile were infinite.

ahead of Dad. As we broke through the Finally Dad quietly and slowly knelt down

thick underbrush into an open clearing, and put his big arms around my tiny two sharp rifle shots rang out across the shoulders.

small valley echoing between the canyon I threw my arms around his neck and walls in our direction. I fell as though began to cry, repeatedly mumbling, "I'm

dead. sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry."At that mo-

I listened keenly as I lay in my prement of complete humility and sorrow I tended state of death. I heard Dad shout resolved never to cause my father to be

my name, but I moved no muscle nor so pained on my account again. That was

uttered a sound. The cowboy on television a time of truth when I vividly learned thecould not have died better than I. Receivdear lesson never to be forgotten—"Honor

ing no reply from me, Dad dropped his thy father and thy mother."I vowed then

rifle and ran full speed down the mounto always respect, love, and obey them, tainside toward me. and to never hurt them or bring discredit

Some twenty yards before he reached to them through thoughtlessness, cruelty, me, I jumped up laughing and innocently wickedness, or slothfulness. O

Humility is:

1. Admitting you have weaknesses

in something and - not concluding that you are inferior.

2. Knowing when you have

failed in something and *- not concluding that you are a failure.

3. Realizing you are

limited in some areas and—-*-not concluding that you are stupid or ugly.

4. Remembering your sins and *not concluding that you are lost...

that life is hopeless.

5. Showing sorrow for your sins and-*- not concluding that you are not worth helping.

6. Being aware of the greatness

of God and -> not concluding that you are unimportant.

Be assui God and a newness

56 Improvement Era Individual Attention Participation Opportunity Active LDS Institute Full, Unconditional Accreditation

Leadership Opportunity Clean, Cooperative, Interested

LDS Community Full Student Activity Program Excellent Facilities Strong, Progressive Faculty Excellent Student Housing Scenic, HistoryRich Area Academically Excellent Full Financial Aids and Employment Program Full Intercollegiate Sports Program Academic Program Continuity

COLLEGE SOUTHERN UTAH

Cedar City, Utah I WANT TO KNOW MORE ABOUT CSU

Please Send Me:

General Catalog ($1) Admission Forms Q Financial Aids Information Housing Information fj Student Employment Information Q

Name -.—Address - - Mail To: CSU Information Services

Cedar City, Utah 84720

March 1969 57 The Life andTimes of Martin Harris

The accompanying //lustrations of Martin Harris are part of a display recently installed at the Church's visitors center at the Martin Harris farm in Palmyra, New York.

The artwork is by Ralph Barksdale. (See "The Certainty

of the Skeptical Witness,"page 62.)

Book of Mormon Scribe Martin Harris served as the Prophet Joseph

Smith's scribe from April 12 to June 14, 1828.

He took 116 pages he had transcribed on foolscap paper to show his wife and friends. In

some manner, he lost the valuable manuscript, no part of which was ever found. Through his

action in showing the manuscript to those not approved by the Lord and the subsequent loss of the 116 pages, he relinquished his duties as scribe.

A Witness In June 1829, three men with the Prophet

Joseph Smith retired to some woods a short distance from David Whitmer's house in Fayette, New York, and prayed to view the plates in fulfillment of the Lord's desire that there be witnesses of the plates of gold.

After receiving no answer, Martin Harris withdrew to another spot. Shortly after, Joseph

Smith, Oliver Cowdery, and David Whitmer beheld an angel, who turned the leaves of the plates one by one for them to see the engravings. Immediately after, a voice above said the

plates were revealed by God and translated through his power, and that the men were to bear witness to what they saw and heard.

Joseph Smith left the other two and found

Martin Harris a considerable distance away praying. Joining him in prayer, the same vision

was reopened to them. Martin Harris cried:

"Tis enough; mine eyes have beheld."

58 Improvement Era Martin Harris Farm Mortgage of the Martin Harris farm secured the debt for the printing of the first 5,000 leatherbound volumes of the Book of Mormon.

The Palmyra Wayne Sentinel said of him:

"Mr. Harris was among the early settlers of this

town and has ever borne the character of an honorable and upright man, and an obliging and benevolent neighbor."

In 1937 the Church purchased 88 acres of the Martin Harris farm near Palmyra. Today it

is maintained in tribute to the man who bore unswerving testimony to the divinity of the

Book of Mormon.

First Printing of the Book of Mormon Palmyra printer Egbert B. Grandin advertised

for sale on March 26, 1830, copies of the Book of Mormon, printed on the Wayne Sentinel newspaper press on March 26, 1830.

Grandin had balked at printing the books unless Martin Harris signed as security. Later,

Grandin was paid $3,000, obtained from the sale of the Martin Harris farm.

A few months after the publication of the

Book of Mormon, Joseph Smith said: "No small

stir was created by its appearance. Great opposition and much persecution followed the believers of its authenticity. But... we feared

not our opponents, knowing that we had both truth and righteousness on our side, that we had both the Father and the Son...; therefore

we continued to preach and to give information to all who were willing to hear."(Documentary

History of the Church, Vol 1, p. 84.)

March 1969 59 Calling the Twelve Apostles As one of the Three Witnesses, Martin

Harris was assigned by revelation to the task of assisting in the selection and ordination of the first Council of the Twelve Apostles in modern times.

After much prayerful deliberation with the other two witnesses, the twelve apostles were chosen.

In this period of his life, Martin Harris's faithfulness was held in high esteem, although he was rebuked at times by Joseph Smith and the Lord.

In 1831 in Jackson County, Missouri, the gathering place set aside for the Saints where full consecration of properties was required, the

Lord named Martin Harris as an example to the Church in laying money before the bishop.

Remaining Behind in Kirtland By 1837, the Church was suffering greatly from internal dissension; many members had

apostatized and others were being cut off from the Church for acts of transgression. Martin

Harris was dropped from his position on the

Kirtland high council on September 3, 1837.

When the majority of the Saints left Kirtland, Ohio, in 1838, Martin Harris, out of harmony with the leadership of the Church, remained behind. Eventually he lost contact

with the early leaders of the Church.

Earlier his wife had left him because of his friendship with )oseph Smith and the Church.

He remarried, however, and spent the next 32 years living in Kirtland, wholly removed from the programs of the Church. He was later to

say: "I never did leave the Church; the Church

left me."

60 Improvement Era Going to Utah Through the years, missionaries and other visitors from Church headquarters in Utah kept in contact with Martin Harris. Then in 1870,

at the age of 88, he expressed a desire to reunite with his family and the Church. He was

penniless in his financial affairs, but he had maintained his sharp eye and quick mind.

Learning of Martin Harris's desires, Brigham

Young sent an emissary from Salt Lake City with $200 to bring him to Utah. He arrived on

August 30, 1870, and was greeted with great warmth. In the Tabernacle he spoke to an

overflow crowd of Saints. There he bore testimony concerning the events of his life and of

the divinity of the Book of Mormonwords he had so often repeated throughout his lifetime, even when separated from the Church.

Deathbed Testimony

Martin Harris died July 10, 1875, in Clarkston,

Cache County, Utah, at the age of 92, in full fellowship with the Church he was so prominent in helping establish.

Of his final moments, it was recorded by one who was present:

"Having lain unconscious for several days, he suddenly awakened, asked for a glass of water, and recognizing me said, without a question being asked, 'Yes, I did see the plates on which the Book of Mormon was written;

I did see the angel; I did hear the voice of God;

and I do know that Joseph Smith is a Prophe,t of God, holding the keys of the Holy Priesthood.'Then he laid his head back on his pillow, and the spirit of Martin Harris passed on."

March 1969 61 New Evidence from Modern Witnesses

Part 6

satisfying himself that the accounts of the Smiths harmonized with Joseph's, he was permitted to lift the box containing the plates, which he concluded must contain metal as heavy as lead or gold, "and I knew that Joseph had not credit enough to buy so much lead."1

But this was not enough. How could the untrained

farmer know that Joseph's record was ancient? Apparently to satisfy his doubts on this point he took a

copy of the characters transcribed from the plates to prominent linguists, including the famous Charles

Anthon of Columbia College. The professor's recollection of the interview emphasized that the Book of

Mormon witness had come for his opinion "as a last precautionary step"- in order to be sure that "there was no risk whatever in the matter""before pledging his money for the printing.

Even after entering into the work of translation in 1828 as Joseph Smith's first secretary, Martin Harris was vigilant. Upon returning to the Church in 1870

Martin reminisced of these days. The summer translation project was tedious, especially to active men

accustomed to physical labor, so their tension was relieved by periodic recesses to the nearby SusqueThe Certainty hanna River, where they exercised by throwing stones into the water. Finding a stone "very much resembling

the one used for translating,"a substitution was madeofthe Skeptical without Joseph Smith's knowledge. The translator

By Dr. Richard became confused and then frustrated, exclaiming,

Lloyd Anderson "Martin! What is the matter?"His scribe's expressionWitness revealed the situation to the Prophet, who demanded

an explanation. The answer shows how constantly the

secretary was on guard against deception: "To stop

the mouths of fools, who had told him that the

Prophet had learned those sentences and was merely artin Harris was not repeating them...."'

surpassed in doubt by It is impressive enough that Joseph Smith's claims

Thomas nor in absolute assurance by any ancient were taken seriously by a mature man conditioned by apostle. If his testimony of the Book of Mormon was life to use his analytical powers in all circumstances.

unbelievers as superstition, he did not But after two years of belief, the vision of June 1829 ridiculed by M reach such certainty easily, for no witness required transformed faith to certainty. Harris'prior history

more evidence for his faith. This successful farmer of shows why Joseph Smith singled him out on the

middle age was a seasoned trader, fully aware of the morning of this vision as in special need to "humble possibility of deception in a business transaction or yourself"and why his struggle for faith before the religious experience. And his examination of Morvision was more severe than that of his younger assomonism proceeded with the methodical care that ciates. Upon failure of repeated prayers of Joseph

built his material estate. Smith and the witnesses, Martin acknowledged that

When he investigated Joseph Smith's claim of his attitude was probably the cause of their failure to possessing an ancient record, Martin waited until his obtain the promised revelation, and he withdrew.

wife and daughter had made personal inquiries first. After the angel appeared and showed the plates to

Only after he saw that his own family was impressed the remaining group, the Prophet found Martin (according to an 1859 interview) did he visit the Harris, and during joint prayer both were overSmiths. In that household he "talked with them whelmed with the reality of the same vision. Joseph

separately, to see if their stories agreed...."After Smith remembered Martin's cry of conviction: "'Tis

62 Improvement Era enough; mine eyes have beheld!"'The ecstasy of that the sweep of Mormon doctrine but were talking of

experience was indelibly stamped upon the mind of forming a reorganized church that would retain the the former doubter. Lucy Smith especially rememgreat doctrinal concepts but jettison what was to them

bered the return of Martin Harris to the Whitmer irrational. In a private meeting in early 1838, several

home immediately after the vision: "He seemed almost former leaders insisted that the Book of Mormon was

overcome with joy, and testified boldly to what he had "nonsense."A contemporary letter from Kirtland reboth seen and heard."'1 The force of this conviction ported: "Martin Harris then bore testimony of its truth

never diminished in nearly a halfcentury's ideologiand said all would be damned if they rejected it."14

cal transition and personal trial. Although the Latterday Saints moved from KirtMartin Harris'certainty that he had seen the angel land, Ohio, to create a dynamic history in other states,

and the plates is verified from the beginning of his Martin Harris remained at Kirtland for the next 30

Mormon career. As offensive to unbelievers as it was years in the condition of a fossil embedded in an

convincing to believers, his testimony was sarcastically earlier layer of sediment. His constant and vocal

reported by the Painesville Telegraph as given publicly testimony to scores of visitors is all the more remarkin a hotel on Martin Harris'arrival there: "He told able in the light of the psychology of the man in this

all about the gold plates, Angels, Spirits, and Jo Smith. period. Social pressure should have worked against

He had seen and handled them all, by the power of his bearing testimony at all. No other Book of MorGod!"7 Others did not come to scoff. One in this mon witness remained in Kirtland, and he had praccategory was an editor of a different temperament, tically lost touch with them after 1840. Not only had

W. W. Phelps. Shortly before Martin Harris left New the Latterday Saints deserted him (in his point of

York for his Ohio residence, Phelps (then seriously view) by moving away, but his second wife, Carolyn investigating Mormon claims) recorded the following Young, immigrated to Utah in 1856 with their four impression in a private letter: "Mr. Harris, whose children then born. As the years passed in Kirtland,

name is in the book, is a wealthy farmer, but of small Martin Harris was increasingly a solitary figure in literary acquirements; he is honest, and sincerely denon-Mormon society, which only ridiculed him for his

clares upon his soul's salvation that the book is true. persistence in declaring that he had seen the angel

..,"s It was inevitable that Martin was subjected to and the plates.

cross examination. Another like Phelps was the intelMartin Harris also felt strong resentment against

ligent and perceptive Joseph Fielding, who arrived at Church leaders, in large part stemming from the blow

Kirtland, Ohio, shortly after his conversion and soon to his ego in never being given a major office. If such

afterwards reported, "Martin Harris, one of the three thinking is obviously immature, it was nevertheless witnesses of the Book of Mormon, gave me a particureal to the man who had sacrificed domestic peace, lar description of the plates and of the Urim and fortune, and reputation to bring about the printing

Thummim, etc."9 of the Book of Mormon and the founding of the

Although Martin Harris was honored by appointChurch. Real or supposed rejection breeds hostility

ment to the first high council of the Church, his main and, at its worst, retaliation. Though such feelings

contribution was in the missionary service of formal were clearly held, in the face of them Martin Harris journeys and private conversations. He and his broinsisted that the Mormon cause was founded on objecther Emer baptized a hundred converts in a few tive truth as he had experienced it in his vision of

weeks, 10 and Martin was imprisoned for his forth1829.

rightness in proclaiming the restored gospel. 11 But the The foregoing tendencies explain the spiritual

trials of Job descended upon the Latterday Saint wanderlust that afflicted the solitary witness at Kirtcommunity of Kirtland, and the witness was affected. land. In this period of his life he changed his religious

The first steps toward plural marriage rankled him, position eight times, including a rebaptism by a Nauand unlike Job he felt that the loss of property in the voo missionary in 1842. Every affiliation of Martin

failure of the Church bank was inconsistent with divine Harris was with some Mormon group, except when he favor. Consequently, as he explained in 1855, he "lost was affiliated with the Shaker belief, a position not

confidence in Joseph Smith"and "his mind became basically contrary to his Book of Mormon testimony darkened."12 because the foundation of that movement was accepDisillusioned Mormons now tempted the witness to tance of personal revelation from heavenly beings.

recant. He and other prominent dissenters in the One may well ask, since religious instability is so

Church were formally excommunicated in the last much in evidence, why Martin Harris did not abandon week of December 1837. 1S These men, who shared his signed testimony. Freely seeking and bound by

Martin Harris'skepticism on Church policy, admired no Mormon ties, the only constancy of this period is

March 1969 63 where he still held land. Combining social visits with

Martin Harris described business, he also felt the religious duty to share his conviction with all who would listen. For instance, a

the gold plates as being Rochester editor reported such a missionary call in 1849, wherein the Book of Mormon witness supported thin leaves of gold, his testimony "with the fluency and zeal of a devotee."17 Martin Harris was a man with a burning

seven by eight inches, message. While traveling to England in 1855, David

B. Dille stopped at the Harris home in Kirtland and

and weighing 40 to 60 pounds that same year recorded his visit in detail. Martin

was bedfast, so sick that he had not eaten anything in three days. But he bore his testimony with enthusiasm:

"'I know that the plates have been translated by the his witness of the Nephite record. If Martin Harris'gift and power of God, for his voice declared it unto

experience was an invention or emotional aberration, us.... And as many of the plates as Joseph Smith

why didn't it go the way of his other religious flirtatranslated I handled with my hands, plate after plate.'

tions? But if his doctrinal commitments in Kirtland Then describing their dimensions, he pointed with one

were fickle, his testimony of the angel and the plates of the fingers of his left hand to the back of his right remained an immovable certainty. hand and said, T should think they were so long, or

Throughout the Ohio residence, Martin Harris was about eight inches, and about so thick, or about four a forceful missionary for the Book of Mormon. Some inches....'"18

two years after Joseph Smith's death the unstable Many of the accounts of interviews with Martin

Kirtland branch was largely converted to the pretenHarris stress that expressing the intense conviction of sions of James J. Strang to Mormon leadership. his testimony reinvigorated his weak frame, and the

Apparently a disciple, the Book of Mormon witness Dille interview is impressive in this respect. The

embarked for England with the Strangite leader Lester 72year-old man insisted on getting dressed at

Brooks. But private correspondence from this comonce, ordered a meal, and spent the rest of the day

panion proves that Martin was not committed to the in animated conversation with the young missionary,

Strangite cause and for this reason was hastened back even hearing him preach that evening. Dille later

to the States."Yet the eyewitnesses of the mission to recalled that after this meeting, the missionary spirit

England in 1846 agree that he powerfully reiterated of the witness was high: "Just let me go with you to

his Book of Mormon testimony. England.... You do the preaching and I will bear

George Mantle later recalled attending a conference testimony to the Book of Mormon, and we will conin Birmingham when Martin Harris unsuccessfully vert all England."19 This interview must be typical

demanded the right to speak and was publicly repuof a dozen recorded conversations with Martin Harris diated by the presiding officer, Cyrus H. Wheelock. at Kirtland that are preserved in lesser detail. Scores

The latter's contemporary journal confirms Mantle's of people talked with him directly about his testirecollections. These may therefore be relied upon, mony, which was given with consistent particulars

especially since Mantle gave a matterof-fact report and uncompromising conviction.

of the words of Harris "that have from that time to Upon his decision to return to the Latterday Saints this remained stamped on my memory": in Utah in 1870, the patriarch expressed his views to a

"When we came out of the meeting Martin Harris more attentive audience. His precise views upon rewas beset with a crowd in the street, expecting that turning were recorded in some detail by a disinterhe would furnish them with material to war against ested witness, thanks to the foresight of Edward

Mormonism; but when he was asked if Joseph Smith Stevenson, his companion on the return trip, who

was a true prophet of God, he answered yes; and arranged an interview for the Iowa State Register in

when asked if the Book of Mormon was true, this was Des Moines. These are sample impressions from the

his answer: 'Do you know that is the sun shining on nonMormon editor:

us? Because as sure as you know that, I know that "Mr. Harris is now in his 88th year, though still

Joseph Smith was a true prophet of God, and that he quite vigorous and sprightly, and he is Mormon, translated that book by the power of God.'"1C soul and body.... The old gentleman evidently loves

After the return of Harris from England, his life to relate the incidents with which he was personally continued to be centered in Kirtland, except for occaconnected, and he does it with wonderful enthusiasm.

sional trips to his former home in Palmyra, New York,... Joseph Smith was the first to handle the tables,

64 Improvement Era Today's gasolines all: need them

Higher Octane Ingredients AntiRust Additives

AntiKnock Compounds Platformate

ClimateTailoring Formulas DetergentAction Chemicals

All the things that contribute to total gasoline performance are important to you. And you get them all in Chevron gasolines.

The reason is very simple. Standard Oil never stops trying to improve its products. The continuous effort that makes this possible

is backed by research facilities that are the largest, most modern and most complete in the West.

to Gome Gnevron Jslanaf

(under the Standard sign)

STANDARD OIL COMPANY

OF CALIFORNIA

March 1969 65 it wasIt is not a mere belief, but is a truth of the book. He told them that he knew

matter of knowledge. trueA andhalfdozenthat wasrecordedpast believing."22interviews report the same

I saw the plates...,"he replied response. Thomas Godfrey remembered that Martin

Harris insisted that "knowledge supercedes belief,"because "I saw the angel and saw the plates from which the Book of Mormon was translated and heard the voice of God declare it was translated correctly."2 ''

Alma L. Jensen, present on the same occasion, gave

an independent recollection of the same language but and Martin Harris, one of the appointed witnesses, remembered the additional detail that Martin Harris the second. Mr. Harris describes the plates as being physically pointed to his eyes and ears while talking

of thin leaves of gold, measuring seven by eight inches, to emphasize the personal knowledge of his senses. 24

and weighing altogether, from forty to sixty Robert Aveson, a lifelong printer, recalled the exact pounds.... He believes in the visitations of angels day on which he had a long interview with the 91in bodily form, for he has seen and conversed with yearold man, who "walked in a stooping position."

them, as he thinks, and is satisfied."20 He asked directly about seeing the plates and the

Interviewed by Utah editors, listened to attentively angel and received the clear reply:

by thousands in two Tabernacle speeches in Salt Lake "It is not a mere belief, but is a matter of knowlCity, and by hundreds in talks in wards and private edge. I saw the plates and the inscriptions thereon.

conversations, the aged Harris never tired in repeating I saw the angel, and he showed them unto me."25

his story. During his stay of some six weeks in Salt A farmer by occupation, Martin Harris dealt with

Lake City he stayed at the home of his grandniece, physical objects in nature, and this furnished the

Irinda Crandall McEwan, who later recalled the language of simple comparison by which he emphanumerous callers to whom Martin bore his testimony. sized the absolute reality of his vision. Such vivid

Her speech at a family reunion was summarized by illustrations were not easily forgotten by those who the able and objective president of Brigham Young listened. Edward Moroni Thurman was about twentyUniversity, Franklin S. Harris: five when he saw him at a blacksmith shop and asked

"[H]undreds of people came to see him, including whether the Book of Mormon was true. The reply

President Brigham Young, to talk over with him the was a question of whether Thurman could see a nearby details regarding his contact with the Book of Mormon apple tree, and he was told that the vision was as story and of the appearance of the angel to him. She factual as that simple sight before them. 26 Accosted

said that anyone who heard Martin Harris describe on the street by a group of challenging teenagers of the scenes and bear his testimony to the truthfulness Clarkston, the intense nonagenarian countered with of the Book of Mormon could not help but be deeply the question of whether the group could see a nearby impressed with his sincerity and his absolute conchopping block. Upon their assent, he replied, "Well,

viction of the truth of what he was saying."21 just as plain as you see that chopping block, I saw the

It is well known that Martin Harris lived another plates; and sooner than I would deny it I would lay my

five years in Utah and died July 10, 1875, with his head upon that chopping block and let you chop it lifelong testimony of the Book of Mormon upon his off."27 Twelveyear-old William Glenn stood by as his

lips. He resided the entire time with his oldest son mature companion questioned whether Martin Harris

by Carolyn Young, Martin Harris, Jr., who lived in was sure that he had seen the angel and the plates,

Smithfield until 1874 and then moved to Clarkston. and the spirited answer made an indelible impression

Over thirtyfive people have left their impressions upon the young Scottish immigrant. Martin Harris

of talking with the elderly witness during his Utah held out his right hand and insisted:

residence. When and where such interviews took "Gentlemen, do you see that hand? Are you sure

place is not as important for the present purpose as you see it? are your eyes playing you a trick or

what he said. A survey of his typical language reveals something? No. Well, as sure as you see my hand so

the positiveness of his assertions. sure did I see the angel and the plates."28

John Thompson, a friend in Clarkston, related that The wife of Martin's nephew asked for the truth in a he brought two unbelievers to his notable neighbor: private conversation and was told, "Just as sure as the

"One of them asked Mr. Harris if he believed the sun comes up in the east and sets in the west, I did."20

Book of Mormon to be true, and he told them no. They The more normal form of the latter metaphor was a

told him they had heard that he had never denied the certainty "as surely as the sun is shining on us,"a

66 Era of Youth statement that can be documented in England in 1846, vestigations of the processes of finding and translating in Kirtland in 1869, and in Utah in 1871. William H. the Book of Mormon. The doubter was transformed

Homer remembered that after Martin Harris made this into an unshakable advocate, who throughout his recomparison he added, "I might as well doubt my own maining 46 years insisted without compromise existence as to doubt the divine authenticity of the on the objective reality of his experience. Martin

Book of Mormon or the divine calling of Joseph Harris'precise words in a private letter best summarize

Smith."30 his mission as a modern witness

The average Latterday Saint who asked Martin "[N]o man ever heard me in any way deny the truth

Harris about his testimony was not a naive believer of the Book of Mormon, the administration of the angel who openly or subtly asked for mere confirmation. that showed me the plates, nor the organization of

A good share of the answers here surveyed were to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints under questions that deliberately tested the genuineness of the administration of Joseph Smith, Jim., the prophet

the experience. In the period of Martin's most comwhom the Lord raised up for that purpose in these the

plete estrangement in Kirtland, David Cannon asked latter days, that he may show forth his power and "if there was any possibility of him having been de- *0ry- "FOOTNOTES ceived in regard to the visitation of an angel,"and the 1859),1Joel pp.Tiffany,16870."Mormonism—No. II,"Tiffany's Monthly, Vol. 4 ( May

to York, 17, -Letter E. Charles 1834; Feb. D. Howe, Anthon New satisfied the older completely firm response of the man (Painesville, Ohio, 271. Unvailed p. E. D. 1834), ofHowe, Mormonism 31 cit. April of York, -Letter 3, 1841; to Rev. Charles Anthon New missionary. the of crossquestioning independent

cit. the York, 235. Gleanings p. Clark, A. by John 1842), Coit,(New WayDr.

Later in Utah a highly practical man of 30, George 13,Edward1881. Stevenson, "One of the Three Witnesses,"Deseret News, Dec.

Godfrey, attended the venerable Harris in his last No.r,Joseph21 (Sept.Smith,1, "History1842), p.of 898.Joseph Smith,"Times and Seasons, Vol. 3,

illness and deliberately waited for a semiconscious p. Lucy139. Smith, Biographical Sketches of Joseph Smith (Liverpool, 1853).

moment to suggest that his testimony was partially sLetter7Painesvilleof W.Telegraph,W. PhelpsMar.to E.15,D.1831.Howe, Canandaigua, New York, Jan.

cit. p. op. cit., 273. Howe, based on deception. The response was vigorous: 15,!'Letter1831; of to Parley Fielding P. Pratt, Preston, England, June 20, Joseph

"I know what I know. I have seen what I have seen, 1841; wThecit.EveningMillennialand Star,the MorningVol. 2, No.Star,4 Vol.(AugustI, No.1841),9 (Februaryp. 52. 1833),

and I have heard what I have heard. I have seen the p. 70.

gold plates.... An angel appeared to me and Pa.;nLetterms. Brighamof EmerYoungHarrisUniversityto GeorgeLibrary.James, May 7, 1833, Springville,

others...."32 cit.'LetterSt. Louisof ThomasLuminary,ColburnMay 5,to 1855.Erastus Snow, St. Louis, May 2, 1855,

Filled with constant missionary zeal, Martin Harris Ohio;"Letterms. ofChurchJohn Historian'sSmith to GeorgeOffice. A. Smith, Jan. 1, 1838, Kirtland,

"Letter of George A. Smith to Josiah Fleming, March 30, 1838, Kirtin his closing years displayed a deep desire that his land, Ohio; ms. Church Historian's Office,

message might not be limited to the few who were Ohio,15Letterms. ofYaleLesterUniversity;Brooks toalsoJamescited M.by Adams,Milo H.Jan.Quaife,12, 1847,The KingdomLaPorte,

able to talk directly with him. John E. Godfrey rememof luLetterSaint Jamesof George(New Haven,Mantle Conn.,to Marietta1930), Walker,p. 243. Dec. 26, 1888, St.

bered the spontaneous response to his visit in the last Catherine,RochesterMo.;Dailycit. AutumnAmerican,Leaves,Nov. 16,Vol.1849.2 (1889), p. 141.

year of the witness's life: "I am pleased to have you StarlsStatementoffice; cit.of MillennialDavid B. Star,Dille,Vol.Sept.21 15,(Aug.1853,20,deposited1859), p.in 545.Millennial

come, and I wish I could bear my testimony to the microfilmli'The Historyof ms. ofat theD. GenealogicalB. Dille, an Societyautobiographylibrary, writtenSalt LakeaboutCity. 1886,

whole world."33 Young William Pilkington lived in the compilationDaily Iowaof JosephState Register,Grant Stevenson,Aug. 28, 1870;The Stevensonalso cited Familyin the valuableHistory.

Harris home during this final period and never forgot Vol.2J SignedI (Provo,reportUtah,of 1955),Harris pp.Family15657.Meeting at Geneva Resort, Utah

how insistently the old man charged him to repeat to County,--AutobiographyUtah, Augustof John3, 1928;Thompson,ms. at Brighamwritten Young1922, presentlyUniversity.owned by

others his personal experience of seeing the angel and hisAffidavitdaughter, ofJaneThomasDahle.Godfrey, July 2, 1933, Church Historian's Office.

the plates: "And he would hold up his right hand and Young-'AutobiographyUniversity Library.of Alma L. Jensen, written 1932; Xerox copy Brigham

swear himself that he was telling the truth."31 His News,-"RobertAprilAveson,2, 1927."Three Witnesses to the Book of Mormon,"Deseret

bishop in Clarkston was impressed with the remarkThurman,-"Private Grover,family recordsWyoming.of Edward Moroni Thurman, copied by Ray S.

able clarity of Martin's mind up to the end. When he Sept.27Statement2, 1943, ofOgden,ComfortUtah;Elizabethcit. AssortedGodfreyGemsFlindersof Pricelessto N. B.ValueLundwall,(Salt

reiterated his testimony in the closing days of his life, LakeStatementCity: 1944),of Williamp. 351.M. Glenn to O. E. Fischbacher, May 30, 1943,

the 92year-old witness added: Cardston,21,FamilyAlberta,letter ofCanada;Charlescit.MartinDeseretandNews,ShirleyOct. Harris,2, 1943.Aug. 14, 1962,

"I tell you of these things that you may tell others addresseds0Williamto HarrisonJoyce HarrisHomer,Lillywhite."The Passing of Martin Harris,"The

that what I have said is true, and I dare not deny it; Improvement:!l David H. Era,Cannon,Vol. 29"A (MarchHistory 1926),of the p.Cannon470. Family,"speech given

in also cited 19, descendants; are held of which 1922, copies by

Historical Beatrice Treasury, ed. Family I heard the voice of God commanding me to testify to Feb.Cannon Evans and Cannon

Russell (Salt p. 250. Lake City, Cannon 1967), the same."30 lanath

32Affidavit of Godfrey, George 1921; Oct. 29,

notary John The agreement of repeated interviews with Martin attesting'"Affidavit original still held by E.J. Godfrey,Shumway,JuneGarland,2, 1933,Utah.Church Historian's Office. of John

Harris proves that his intense certainty never varied '"Pilkington made numerous statements, the originals of most of which from his vision of the angel and the plates in 1829 to Harris,"are at thequotedChurchhere,Historian'sis photographicallyOffice. "ThereproducedDying Testimonyin Wayneof MartinCutler

Gunnell, "Martin Harris, Witness and Benefactor to the Book of Morthe moment of his death in 1875. Exactly onehalf mon,"BYU thesis, 1955, pp. 10411.

'Letter of Simon Smith to President Joseph Smith III, Dec. 29, 1880,

of his 92year span preceded the vision, which came Clifton, England; Saints'Herald, Vol. 28 (Feb. 1, 1881), p. 43.

'"'Letter of Martin Harris, Sr., to Hanna B. Emerson, January, 1871,

only after prayer that followed his most careful inSmithfield, Utah Territory; cit. Saints'Herald, Vol. 22 (1875), p. 630.

March 1969 67 SALTZjLAKE CJV<[COTTONWOOD OGOENI

"Sounds of Freedom,"a group of patriotic singers, practice a routine.

greatest selection TWO PANT WOOL SHARKSKIN SUITS

designed and tailored expressly for missionaries Wisest choice for young men who need a perfect appearance—and miles of extra

of a strong Tailored wear!

cast singers of "Startime popular relaxes at "Startime The number, do BYU"BYU"pair twoply wool with two foot of for statue Walkin'."in Taiwan. Were of Buddha "These Boots Made

of pants 97.50

other models from 79.95

ZCMI MEN'S CLOTHINGall stores

GOLD AND GREEN BALL

EASTER ORCHID CORSAGES For that Special Lady SPECIAL $3.98

An Orchid Corsage from HAWAII Flown in directJET FRESH upFolk theirdancersheelskickat

Delivered Anywhere—Anytime Schoten Castle,

Belgium. 0Lana \jLouj.ia.

1620 36th. Street

Meridian, Miss. 39301

tot y. %

Tennis team displays trophies. Members of track team that garnered 67 first places, 39 second places, and 22 third places

Brigham Young University Symphony Orchestra, rated "best nonprofessional orchestra"

Opemtion Gjpodwill

College youth in American piotalent export of many American "Y"Five"variety show—twoneer dress dancing in a public universities. They represented only week tour of armed service outsquare in Copenhagen... a modone: Brigham Young University. posts in Canada and along the

ern variety troupe singing a jazz "The World Is Our Campus,"a DEW (Distant Early Warning) song aboard a warship in the Paslogan emblazoned on the gateway Line.

cific... a student choir singing in to the BYU campus, was amply Sounds of Freedom patriotic

an Italian cathedral...tophatted illustrated by the flurry of travel singing group—tour in the Southboys and girls in a vaudeville show by the talented BYU troupes. The west, including HemisFair.

in the Far North... a patriotic freshness of the Church youth was Bye Bye Birdie, musical comedy

singing group at HemisFair... a taken to several continents by—three months in France, Germany,

comicopera troupe performing for these groups: Italy, Belgium, England, Scotland,

a crowd of GIs in Germany... a A cappella choir, which toured the Netherlands, and the Scandiyoung American high jumper refor six weeks in France, Switzernavian countries.

ceiving a gold medal from Queen land, Italy, Germany, the NetherBYU track team—one month in

Elizabeth as thousands cheer... a lands, England, and Scotland. Ireland, England, Germany, Sweuniversity symphony orchestra reAmerican Folk Dancers—three den, Finland, and Switzerland.

ceiving a standing ovation from months in France, the Netherlands, Tennis team—one month in Eng-

2,000 music educators in Seattle. England, Scotland, Denmark, Sweland, Germany, Austria, Yugoslavia,

A world traveler might have run den, Germany, Belgium, and Italy. Italy, Monaco, and France.

across any one of these scenes last "Startime BYU"variety showSymphony orchestra—oneweek

spring and summer, but he might two months in Japan, Korea, Okitour of the Northwest, including a also have been startled to find that nawa, Taiwan, Guam, and the performance before the National they did not represent the mass Philippines. Music Educators Conference.

March 1969 69 In addition, the university sponchapel near Venice, Italy.

sored ten travel study tours The most ambitious tour last sumthroughout the world as well as mer was taken by the BYU AmeriMUSIC COMPANY semestersFrance; Salzburg,for studyAustria;in Grenoble,Jerusawhocan FolktouredDancers,Europe aforgroupthe fourthof 30

VISIT OUR lem;Happily,and MexicowhereverCity.they go all timeMary underBee Jensen.the direction of Mrs.

listing of their exploits would reflect of these young people A NEW HOME fill danpages, the exuberant but the of Latterday wholesomeness

Everything is new. The Saints and show an intense desire cers won plaudits when they danced

music selection for church, to represent their Church and their in downtown squares in Brussels home, and school has been school well. and Copenhagen, in front of the

greatly expanded. This is a Jane Thompson, who created the Belgian castle of Schoten, in the

special invitation to all of "Startime BYU"show, believes that famous Tivoli Gardens and the you music lovers from out show business as she does it is a Schumann and Mercur theaters of of town to visit us this com- "great, big audiovisual aid. When Copenhagen, in a park in Sweden,

ing April Conference. we put BYU shows on the stage, on the green of Stratfordon-Avon,

You will enjoy our new we are presenting American youth and in Edinburgh's Prince Street facilities. Come in and at its best,"she says. Gardens.

browse. Let us help you in Probably the greatest honor of Although skilled in dances of

all of your musical needs. the past year was received by the many nations, the group (which is

NEW ADDRESS 50voice a cappella choir, conductknown at BYU as the International 65 South West Temple ed by Dr. Ralph Woodward. The Folk Dancers ) performed American

Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 choir was vaulted into international dances in the European festivals,

Phone: 3646518 fame when it won first place in the because they were representing the

International Eisteddfod Choral United States. They showed the

MANAGE AID SYSTEMS Competitionagainst a fieldin Llangollen,of 18 outstandingWales, includinghistory of IndianAmericadances,throughthe Smokydance, 4308 Shirley Lane choirs from many countries. The Mountain clog, Kentucky running

SLC, Utah 84117 competition is recognized as one sets, pioneer and cowboy hoeTel. 2773995 of the top musical events of the downs, and modern dances.

world', likened to an Olympic Mr. Otto Zeising, head of schools

Teaching Home RS Visiting in sports the world. championship city in Germany, of Kempten, the Teachers and Stake Ward the In addition to trophy, the Youth Talks to Ernest L. President BYU wrote BYU OfficerTeacher

Staffing SchedulingFunctional choir carried away a cash prize of Wilkinson: "Everyone seeing the

Programming 250 British pounds (approximately young students performing their

See these systems during Conference $700). dances with such a fascinating

Deseret Book Store—2nd Floor One Welsh newspaper reported: temperament as well as admirable

"An American university choir, artistic skill was most deeply imforced to withdraw from last year's pressed. May I assert that, by their

ATTENTION Eisteddfod because their funds sincerity, their discipline, their inSCANDINAVIANS were too low to make the trip, tegrity, they even exercised a moral

Do you have a family Coat of Arms, Seal, finally made it this year—and yeseffect on the spectators, who will

or Insignia? terday carried off first prize in the all have felt that these young people

We can reproduce or research. mixedchoir competition."The pawere indeed a future promise to

Our files contain all Norwegian and Danish per didn't mention that the group human society. I don't exaggerate,

Insignia on record plus many accompanying worked its way across the United but only try to reflect the true feelfamily genealogies.

States by bus, singing a series of ings of the audience whose apWrite for FREE information.

concerts for Church and civic plause would not end. Let me

VIKING HERALDICS groups. congratulate you and your country

Box 497 Rexburg, Idaho 83440 The choir also made history by on a young generation like that."

singing to wildly applauding ItalOn the other side of the world, ian audiences in rarely granted a troupe of 15 students under the

SPIRIT LAKE LODGE in the high Uintahs make concerts in the Santa Corce Cathedirection of Jane Thompson toured your ward party a success. dral in Florence and St. Lorenzo military installations in the Orient,

Write to Steve Putnam, 5718 S. 625 East, Murray, Utah 84107

70 Improvement Era under sponsorship of the U.S. Department of Defense. The group's

exhausting schedule included some one hundred shows—sometimes two

or three a day—during a journey of

about twenty thousand miles by military airplane, train, and bus.

They even performed on the fantail of the USS Providence, flagship of the Seventh Fleet.

One serviceman stationed aboard the Providence wrote: "Startime

BYU was indeed one of the finest and most appreciated 90 minutes of pleasure we have experienced since our departure from the United States almost two years ago."The "Y's Five"variety show made a twoweek whirlwind tour A capella choir sings concert in St. Lorenzo, Italy, cathedral.

of armed services outposts in Canada and along the DEW line, where cameras. Their show portrays Athletic Association championships

the troupe of three boys and two through song and narration the love that 19,000 spectators cheered as girls presented a fastmoving variand concern felt by each member Queen Elizabeth presented a gold ety show of songs, dances, spoofs, of the group for America and the medal to BYU's Dan Mendenhall, and skits to servicemen at lonely ideals upon which it was founded. who won the high jump with a leap

northern radar sites. En route to and from the fair, the of 6 feet 10 inches. Runnerup

The twentymember Bye Bye group also performed before milimedal went to Ed Hanks of BYU,

Birdie cast, directed by Dr. Harold tary and Church groups. who took first place in the high

I. Hansen, averaged two shows a The symphony orchestra, conjump at four other meets.

day during their European tour. ducted by Dr. Ralph Laycock, was The tennis team went undefeated

The show was sponsored by the the only university orchestra invited throughout Europe. In the Durham

U. S. Department of Defense, to perform at the National MusicTournament at Sunderland, Engthe United Service Organizations Educators conference. Before the land, two BYU players found them-

(USO), and the American Educalast notes had died away, the selves facing each other in the tional Theater Association. This is audience of 2,000 music educators finals. The doubles presented the

the third dramatic production BYU in the Seattle Opera House began same story: two BYU teams had

has sent abroad. to cheer the performance. A reeliminated the entire field and

At the final USO performance in cording company executive called played against each other for the

Frankfurt, Germany, the special it the best nonprofessional orcheschampionship. The winners were

services officer in charge declared: tra he had ever heard. Zdravko Mincek and Patrick Lan-

"Anything the Mormon students BYU athletic teams in Europe dau. ( Mincek is a Davis Cup player

from Brigham Young University met with tremendous success and for his native Yugoslavia, and Lanput forth is always done with managed to make many friends. dau is a Davis Cup player for his

finesse and professionalism. They The track team was coached by native Monaco.)

are coupling outstanding showmanClarence Robison and Sherald All in all, it was a busy summer ship with a high caliber of enterJames, while Wayne Pearce coached for the students with talents. They

tainment."the tennis team. had opportunity to see the world,

The Sounds of Freedom, a group In 11 track and field meets the and the world had a chance to see of patriotic singers, headed for Cougars scored 67 first places, 39 them. A big advantage of the talent

HemisFair at San Antonio, Texas, second places, 22 third places, 11 export activities is that the talent where they performed at the Interfourth places, 4 fifth places, 10 sixth always comes home. What remains

national Pavilion and in front of the places, and 2 seventh places. abroad are a lot of new friendships

Mormon pavilion before television It was at the British Amateur and respect for the Church. O

March 1969 71 of life. Not that we are television

addicts. We have always restricted

the watching; we have always been

able to interest our children in other things. But television, even

at its best (and the best is rare), is an irritant, a stimulant, and a tremendously involving medium.

I do not feel as some persons do that its only danger lies in its resulting passivity. I agree that if

we knew the real effects of television, we would legislate against what Marshall McLuhan calls "media fallout."

Television is part of what has been called the electronic revolution in the era of instant communications. We are all being changed by this revolution,

whether we realize it or not. Even

the newspapers are part of the explosion, because their very layout produces an instant response.

All of the mass media—television, radio, newspapers, movies—hit us

with an allat-onceness that is practically irresistible and very different from a slowpaced evening with a book.

Actually, the mass media have an effect upon our nervous sysAn LDS Mother tems and upon our value systems.

Looks at Television warIt mayin wellVietnambe thatis soonedisturbingreason theis

By Mary L. Bradford that it is the first war ever to be

Illustrated by Sherry Thompson plugged into our living room walls.

Remembering my childhood, I for the next installment. That is We actually watch, in the intimacy

see my mother standing guard over all I recall about it, though—that of our homes, the battles of that

our large oldfashioned radio set, and my mother's wrath. faroff jungle country. Anyone

striving vainly to protect us from What it did to my psyche, or to familiar with history knows that what she thought were the harmmy dreams, I cannot say, but now, our time is not more violent than ful properties of our favorite a mother myself, I am happy other times, but that instant replay program, a 15minute nightly when winter comes and I can turn of events make us ever more adventure entitled "I Love a Mysthe couch away from the television aware of the violence.

tery."set to face the fireplace. I do not believe that the

is of tranquilin the a recesses marvelous Somewhere A fire television media—especially

still izer. find pulling children hear that brain, I can ourmy We apostasy in and of—producemass

theme song, feel the delicious out books and puzzles and taking themselves, but I do believe that shiver of excitement as I waited renewed interest in the quiet things we must build firm family lives to offset possible harm. Since it is

Mary L. Bradford writes that "when not engaged in being a homemaker

and mother,"she is a parttime writer and editor. She is a Sunday School not possible, or even desirable, to

teacher in the Arlington (Virginia) Ward, Potomac Stake, and served on a avoid television altogether, we writing committee for the YWMIA.

should take active interest in its

72 Improvement Era programming, should study it, nism that will protect them from cept it as more or less an extension and should seek to aid our chilsmut and vulgarity. They simply of ourselves. Some may see all

dren in developing critical and diswill not develop a taste for that media as part of a gigantic concriminating taste. Most small which is bad. spiracy, masterminded perhaps by

Latterday Saint children will react The job of the parent, then, is to evilminded men bent upon conautomatically to cigarette adverplace the best models before the quest. Actually, the media is comtising ("Ooh, you shouldn't smoke children. We must watch the shows posed of people like ourselves

cigarettes"), and we should help they watch and must be unafraid to people who cannot change until them to recognize the other evils express our opinions, including they in some way feel responsible the sleezy, the vulgar, the fake. those concerning the relatively for it.

We should be concerned not only harmless but stupid or silly proAs Latterday Saints we should with pornography, but also with grams. This does not mean we understand, too, that our Church

the high incidence of violence on should whitewash the world, or owes some of its favorable pubtelevision. Marshall McLuhan reexpect everything to be absolutely licity to the mass media. The

cently told a Columbia University antiseptic. The world does contain Tabernacle Choir increased its

audience: "If you think we have tragedy and loss. And children following through worldwide broadviolence now, wait until the TV know it. (One morning our ninecasting. The importance of telegeneration hits the colleges."The yearold awakened us at five vision and radio at general

Christian Science Monitor recently o'clock to inform us with tears in conference time cannot be denied.

made a survey of the 196869 seahis voice that "Senator Kennedy In a recent speech President Hartson and recorded, during 75 hours has died.") Children today are man Rector, Jr., of the First

of evening programs in one week's wellinformed. One evening we Council of the Seventy speculated

time, 254 incidents of violence, insuggested to our children that that it is easy to understand how cluding threats, with 71 murders perhaps our dinner hour might be the gospel can be preached from and suicides. more peaceful if television viewing the rooftops if we but observe the

Saturday Review made the folwere curtailed. Our son said, myriad antennae reaching toward

lowing observation: "Television "Well, if that happens I'll have to the sky.

networks, gunning for top ratings, demonstrate to get my civil Latterday Saints might ask blasted their way into the new fall rights."themselves this question: Was TV

season in the United States with We cannot hide all the evil and made for the Sabbath or the Sabanother long list of violent prosuffering in the world from our bath for TV? Many who would regrams. A oneweek survey of children; we can build in them fuse to attend a sports event on

primetime shows found that the strong assurance of our Heavenly Sunday will watch it all day on diet of mayhem offered the AmeriFather's love and the faith that television. How often does the

can public is just about as grisly will help them to deal with evil and home screen interfere with prayers as ever, despite promises of imwith suffering. or with preparation for meetings?

provement following last June's Television is a powerful medium My husband and I have had to assassination of Senator Robert with great potential for good. It make a concerted effort to find

F. Kennedy."has special talent in the presentaactivities that will keep lively

Following a session with teletion of personality, with a penchant children occupied and yet will alvision, our children are always for showing up the insincere and low us to honor the Sabbath.

more violent, even discounting that the false. During times of national Sometimes it is not easy to analyze

liveliness which naturally results tragedy television has proved its one's bad habits.

from sitting still. Many a mother, ability to bring together all citizens Perhaps concern for the media

not realizing this, will spend hours in a way never dreamed possible. should be part of an overall conworking out balanced diets for her It is sad, then, that so much TV cern for the earth that God has

family's physical health, while altime must be given over to violence given us, an earth that will be one lowing her children to spend many and to other inane and misleading day celestialized. If we do have

hours digesting an unhealthy material, usually backed up by faith in that glorious destiny, permental and spiritual diet. On the raucous laugh tracks. haps we should not wait for its

other hand, children reared on How to make a change for the cleansing fire; now, today, we

good books, enjoyable family home better? To begin with, we must should take interest in all of

evenings, and other creative activirealize that to change our elecearth's uses, whether they be ties will develop a builtin mechatronic environment, we must acelectronic or otherwise. o

March 1969 73 The

Scene

Ecuador Choir Wins A 27member a cappella choir from the newspaper El Universo and featured more two branches of the Church in Guayaquil, than 30 choirs from churches, schools,

Ecuador, recently garnered a grand prize and clubs. The choir was directed by Jose

of 3,000 sucres ($150.00) in the annual Valdivieso, elders quorum instructor and

citywide Christmas choral contest. The lawyer. The choral group also presented a

prize money will be used in a building 30minute television Christmas program project. The contest was sponsored by the that was viewed by many Ecuadorians.

Ermel J. Morton

Kenneth J. Orton

ntiiiiiiiiiifmiiiiHiiiiiimiiiiifiii iUiiiiEiififiliiifillllllllll

Ernest J. Wilkins

Mission Language Training Centers

The Chnrch missionary language training program has been Brigham Young University; those studying Danish, Dutch,

expanded from Brigham Young -University to include Finnish, Norwegian, and Swedish will be at Ricks College;

centers at Ricks College in Rexburg, Idaho, and the and those studying Cantonese, Mandarin dialects,

Church College of Hawaii. The language training program Japanese, Korean, Samoan, Tongan, and Tahitian will go to

is for a twomonth period and features intense the Church College of Hawaii. Presiding over the language

study of a foreign language. training missions are Ernest J. Wilkins, BYU; Ermel J. Morton,

Missionaries who will study French, German, Navajo, Ricks; and Kenneth J. Orton,

Portuguese, Spanish, and Italian will be located at Church College of Hawaii.

74 Improvement Era 1 i."* th& i.: 1ink i# J

Tabernacle Choir Sings at Nixon Inauguration

With "unmatched enthusiasm and choral brilliance,"the choral singing group."

Tabernacle Choir added its rich harmony and tone to the Previously the choir had presented its weekly Sunday presidential inauguration ceremonies of Richard M. Nixon radio broadcast from historic Constitution Hall. Sunday

as thirtyseventh President of the United States of America. evening, a gala inaugural concert was presented in

Although the day was marked by freezing temperatures Constitution Hall. The concert, for which the numbers

and a biting wind, the choir "sounded magnificent,"were personally selected by President Nixon, was according to newspaper accounts. The performances termed a "triumphal success."

were beamed around the world by television. Following the concert, President Nixon warmly shook the

The choir sang nine numbers at the January 20 inauguration hands of Elder Richard L. Evans, master of ceremonies

and was warmly introduced by Senator Everett M. Dirksen, for the choir, conductor Richard P. Condie, and organist

master of ceremonies, who said: "And now we will hear Alexander Schreiner. Accompanying the choir was the

from what is undoubtedly the world's most celebrated National Symphony Orchestra.

March 1969 75 A New Look at The Pearl of Great Price

Part 7 (Continued)

The Unknown

Abraham

By Dr. Hugh Nibley

Potiphars Hill: One of the most interesting expression "the land of Soand-so"nearly always

aspects of the many stories of Abraham's narrow escape limits an area to the region around a particular refrom a sacrificial death is the strange and puzzling ligious or political center, and this would appear to setting of the drama. There has never been any agreeapply in the present case as the camera brings us

ment among commentators as to just where all this is closer to a still more limited area within the land of supposed to have happened. The Book of Abraham Chaldea, namely "the land of Ur, of Chaldea."(Abr.

puts it on Asian soil under Egyptian hegemony. To 1:20.) This is not the wellknown city of Ur, for what

Dr. John Peters, who had actually supervised archaewe see is an open plain, "the plain of Olishem"(Abr.

ological diggings in Babylonia, the overlapping of 1:10), and as the camera zooms in still closer we are

Egyptian and Chaldean elements in the Book of swept to one end of the plain and our attention is

Abraham "displays an amusing ignorance,"since directed to a hill; finally at the foot of the hill we are

"Chaldeans and Egyptians are hopelessly mixed tobrought to rest before an altar at which a priest is gether, although as dissimilar and remote in language, in the act of making a sacrifice. (Abr. 1:9-11.) Acreligion and locality as are today American and cording to the other accounts, the plain was full of

Chinese."1 Though Mercer rushed to the defense of people at the time, and Abraham was the victim.

Peters, his unfortunate remark played right into the Of recent years attention has been drawn increashands of the Mormons, for with the progress of ingly to the significant fact that all the main events of archaeology, the cultural and religious ties between Abraham's life seem to take place at ancient cultEgypt and Mesopotamia have become steadily more centers. 3 The patriarchs, O. Eissfeldt observes, "seem

conspicuous and significant. Within a few years of to have worshipped at established cultplaces, where

Peter's pronouncement, Jacques de Morgan entitled they set up their own altars,"and though many proban epochmaking study of the early royal tombs of lems are raised by this strange situation, the study of

Abydos "The Chaldean Origin of Pharaonic Culture in those cult places and their activities offers "a great

Egypt.'- 2 In this vast field of comparative study, all deal that gives the authentic picture of the Patriarchal

that concerns us here is the situation depicted in FacAge."4 J. C. L. Gibson suggests that Abraham's family

simile No. 1, the location of the story being pinpointed probably only visited Ur as pilgrims, and observes that

for us in graphic detail in Abraham's account. such a worldfamous center of pagan worship offered

First we are taken to the farflung area known as a peculiarly "appropriate setting... for Abraham's

Chaldea (see Abr. 1:20, 30; 2:1), and then to what confrontation by a God who was greater than Sin....""'

would seem to be a more limited territory designated Professor Albright has pointed out that in all the as "the land of Chaldea"(Abr. 1:8). The common wanderings and vicissitudes of Abraham's career, "only

76 Improvement Era How can you know for sure it's not too big. organist and your committee, Baldwin will

Or too small. Maybe the acoustics in your recommend an installation for your church.

church are not just right for just any organ. If your church is planning to buy a new

After you've invested the church's, organ, call in Baldwin's team of money and have had it installed experts. Just get in touch with

is a little late to find you've made your Baldwin Dealer or write to:

the wrong choice. Baldwin Piano & Organ ComFind out first. pany, Cincinnati, Ohio.

Our team of experts will act as your consultants. After examining your facilities and discussing Baldwin your specific needs with your The Sound Investment

March 1969 77.,-

There are probably 5,000 ways to cool and heat your town with Lennox.

You live and work daily with Lennox all around you. Quietly, efficiently,

comfortably cooling, heating and ventilating so many buildings in your town.

Singlestory and multistory buildings. Factories, offices, shopping centers, clinics.

Churches. Schools. Homes. All with the newest indoor comfort systems'approaches

available today. Including air cleaning.

If you are considering construction for any type of building, write Lennox

Industries Inc., 1 8950 N.E. Wilkes Road, Portland, Oregon 97230.

Improvement Era mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm<3>LENNOX78

AIR CONDITIONING HEATING The painting "Abraham,"by Harry Anderson, is one of several paintings of Old

Testament prophets used for display purposes at the Church's visitors centers.

places are mentioned which are known to have been important in the donkey caravan trade of that age."G

These would also be cult places. But one must distinguish between the daily liturgies of local shrines

and temples and the great yearrites at which vast numbers of people assembled. According to all the

traditions, it was at the latter type of celebration that

Abraham was offered up, and the legends throw some light on the kind of place chosen for the rites. The

main fixtures are a plain and an elevation.

In one account we learn that the King of Sodom and the other kings round about used to repair "to the valley of Sava, the place where all the starwor- shippers were wont to assemble,"and that there on one occasion Abraham was honored by being placed upon a high towerlike structure made of cedar while the people hailed him as "their king, a lord and a god"; Abraham, however, refused to play the game,

telling the people that they should take God for their king instead of a mortal. 7 The fact that the people

already had kings presiding at the ceremonies, and the ritual setting of the event, including the cedar tower, which ample parallel instances show to be a sacrificial pyre, make it quite clear what kind of king Abraham was expected to be—a substitute and sacrificial king.

We are reminded of Abraham the royal victim in

Facsimile No. 1, followed by Abraham on the royal

throne in Facsimile No. 3. Even more striking is the

resemblance to King Benjamin on his tower at the great yearrite of Zarahemla, laying down his office and telling the people that instead of him they should take God for their king. s This is another reminder

that there are probably far more authentic Hebrew traditions in the Book of Mormon, including extensive quotations from ancient writings (Benjamin's speech is full of them ), than anyone has so far suspected.

Another report of what seems to be the same tradition tells us that south of Sodom and Gomorrah there was a broad plain half a day's journey long, where every year the people of the whole region would gather at a spot marked by green meadows and a spring to indulge in four days of promiscuous and orgiastic rites during which every young woman was expected to make herself available to any who approached her. 9

This is the wellknown fertility aspect of the yearrite, not overlooked in the Book of Abraham, which tells of princesses being sacrificed "because of their virtue"as part of the ceremonies. (Abr. 1:11.)

In these accounts the setting is typical of the ancient cultplaces with their broad "plain of assembly,"the elevated mound, hill, or tower (hence pyramid and ziggurat), and the altar for sacrificing. As we have

noted, the legends emphasize the importance of having the sacrifice of Abraham take place at the great

March 1969 New Year assembly, with Abraham as a more or less The Jews and early Christians alike had a special routine victim, a situation clearly reflected in the reverence for Heliopolis. When the Jews in Egypt

Book of Abraham. (Abr. 1:1012.) under the leadership of Onias undertook to fulfill the

But why Potiphar's Hill? As Richards Durham obprophecy of Isaiah 19 by building a temple in Egypt

serves, "this would indeed seem ( at least in the thinkafter the pattern of that at Jerusalem, the spot they ing of a good many adverse critics of Joseph Smith) chose for the sacred edifice was the site of the ruined to be a highly unsophisticated borrowing from Genesis temple of Heliopolis. 18 And the early Christian

37:36..."—a desperate attempt to fill up the story Clementine writings go to "the altar of the sun"at

with something that sounds Egyptian. 10 But the name Heliopolis to find their most compelling illustration

is not confined to the Bible and seems to have definite and proof of the reality of resurrection in the tradition ritual associations. 11 It is found on a small limestone of the Phoenix bird. 10

stele of the early 21st Dynasty belonging to one Heliopolis ("Sun City"), the On of the Old TestaPutiphar and containing also the names of his sons ment (eg., hvntv), was "the most important cultcenter

Petusir and Petuneit. 12 of Egypt."20 A great "Megalithic"complex of prehisThis illustrates well the nature of those names betoric antiquity, it was the model of the "normal pyraginning in PetuPuti- Poti- (eg., padi-) meaning mid complex"of later times, though instead of the

"given of"or "appointed by"suchand-such a god. usual pyramid at its apex, it had "a rather squat

Putiphar means "The one whom the god Re has given,"obelisk perched on a square base like a truncatedor has appointed, while his sons Petusir and Petuneit pyramid. The obelisk recalled a very ancient stone at

are the gifts of Osiris and Neith respectively. 12 Heliopolis known as bnbn, etymologically perhaps

Scholars have not been able to agree as to whether 'the radiant one,'which undoubtedly symbolized a ray the Potiphar who bought Joseph (Gen. 37:36, 39:1) or rays of the sun."21 This monument stood on a raised

has the same name as the Potiphara whose daughplatform, and directly before it stood "a large alater he married (Gen. 41:45, 40; 46:20). F. Cook sugbaster altar."21 Here at "the periodic renewal of the

gested that the last syllable of the latter name may kingship... the gods of the two halves of the country

refer not to Re but to Pharaoh, "if we take pr here in assembled to honor the Pharaoh,"their images taking the meaning of the Palace or metaphorically the up their positions in a row before the altar in the

Sovereign."1 ''But it is agreed that the name of Joseph's "vast Jubilee court,"the place of assembly. 22

fatherin-law should be "Given of Re"because he was The great central stone and its bases, from which the high priest of Heliopolis or On, the center of prethe later pyramids were derived, "was the specific historic Egyptian sun worship. 11 The cultic signifiHeliopolitan form of the Primeval Hill,"either resting

cance of the name is also indicated by its appearance on or representing the "High Sand,"the first solid on a sacred wdateye amulet, cut in Aramaic letters ground to emerge from the waters of the flood on the which date it to the end of the seventh century B.C., day of creation. 23 Though the design of this monument

about the same time as the Ptuiphar stela. 10 differs from place to place, it is always the Primeval

Potiphar's Hill would be "the hill of the one whom Hill from which the sun arose on "that momentous sunRe has given, or appointed,"which makes good sense rise of the First Day."21 The common Egyptian verb

since Re is the sun and we are explicitly told that khai, used to signify the appearance of the King in

Potiphar's Hill was a sun shrine, the "god of Pharaoh"glory, "is written with a hieroglyph depicting the sun being worshiped there in company with a god who rising over the Primeval Hill,"for "the concepts of definitely was the sun. (Abr. 1:9.) Classical historians creation, sunrise, and kingly rule are continually

have recorded that the Egyptian name of Joseph, sonmerged."2 "'Not only was the hill the central object

inlaw of the priest of On, was Peteseph, 10 and that of every solar shrine, but "each and every temple was

Moses not only went by the name of Osarsiph but was supposed to stand"on the Primeval Hill. 2 '1

himself "a priest of Heliopolis."17 Peteseph, plainly Nothing of the old Heliopolitan complex has sursuggested by Ioseph, could mean "He (God) has vived, and its reconstruction is based on copies of it

given increase,"while Osarsiph would be "Osiris is (as Gardiner calls them) in other places. But Egypincrease."What is noteworthy here is the intimacy tian ritual and literature often give us fleeting

between the family of Abraham and the Potiphar comglimpses of the setup at On. Thus a late Egyptian

plex. We must not overlook the fact that the name romance tells of a fierce contest between the chamhome or Heliopolis, occurring twice in the inscription pions of Pharaoh and the ruler of Ethiopia, both rivals

around the rim of Facsimile No. 2, definitely associates bearing the name of Hor, in which the false pretender

the facsimile with the Heliopolitan cult. from the south is "cast down from upon the hill on the

80 Improvement Era s You say'."'. 'f*g- - SS;,'--<

I Union Pacific is more than just > a railroad?

'It certainly <HHm* I m is -thanks to \ diversification N V.

TO SHIPPERS... U.P. is synonymous with the finest freight service, modern

specialized equipment, highpowered locomotives to assure ontime deliveries.

Traffic offices in 72 cities, plus Tokyo and Taipei—to serve you better.

TO CONSUMERS...Swift, dependable delivery of many products they buy—both

perishable and durable.

TO TRAVELERS... Relaxing, comfortable, safe and economical travel on Union

Pacific Domeliners.

TO COMMUNITIES... In the western states it serves, Union Pacific's purchases,

wages paid to employees and tax payments all contribute toward the activities and economy of the community.

FOR PLANT SITE SEEKERS... A wide selection of trackside locations including

fully developed industrial parks offer unusual opportunities for industries of all types throughout the thirteen western Union Pacific States.

GOVERNMENT... Union Pacific's strategic middle route between the East and

all the Pacific Coast is an essential link in the nation's transportation system, vital to its economy in times of peace and to its defense in emergencies.

UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD Your good neighbor who is helping to build the West

March 1969 81 'The mixing of gods and nations, god like unto that of Pharaoh"(Abr. 1:13), a clear

implication that Pharaoh's authority is being honored especially those of Egypt and on nonEgyptian territory. We are reminded of the

Canaan, was the order of the day situation in Byblos, where Pharaoh's god and glory came and went in the temples, depending on whether in Abraham's time"Egypt had power locally or not.

That we have to do with an overlapping of Egyptian and Canaanitish or Amorite customs is apparent from east of On"to sink into the waters of death at its foot. 27 the double nomenclatures used in Abraham's story.

The losing ruler must in the end submit to a terrible The holy place was "called Potiphar's Hill,"a very beating, which was originally meant for Pharaoh proper designation for the indispensable central object, himself, i.e., the King's rival is sacrificed in his place the sun hill, of a shrine operating on the pattern of

after a ritual combat at the Sunhill of On. 27 We see Heliopolis under the auspices of Pharaoh. But the

the same motif in the Metternich Stele, which tells how plain itself, having existed from time immemorial, bore "Hor was pierced in the field of On on the north of its local Semitic name, "the plain of Olishem."(Abr.

the altar,"but was miraculously healed. This refers 1:10.) But since Olishem can be readily recognized

to the New Year's combat between Horus and Seth by any firstyear Hebrew student as meaning somefor the rule of the world, only instead of the hill, it thing like "Hill of Heaven,""Highplace of Heaven,"is the plain and the altar which receive mention. 28 or even possibly "Sunhill,"3 - the Plain of the High

If Heliopolis was the most venerable of sun shrines, Place of Heaven was probably a holy center before it was by no means the only one; at least six kings the times of Egyptian influence. This is borne out by

of the 5th Dynasty are known to have constructed Abraham's careful specification that the sacrifices their own complexes, "each with its own name, like were made "even after the manner of the Egyptians"'Pleasure of Re,''Horizon of Re,''Field of Re.'"29 (Abr. 1:9), clearly implying that there was another

Note that all the names end with Re. So does the tradition. We learn in verses 8 and 9 that "at this

name of Potiphar, "Given of Re."The predominance time"two deities shared the honors of the great shrine,

of the name of Hor or Horus in the stories (Horus the one "the god of Pharaoh"and the other "the god being the type of the living Pharaoh mounting the of Shagreel,"who, we are flatly told, "was the sun"throne) suggests another cultplace and one closely ( ibid. )

tied to Abraham. For Phathur or Petor, if it is not Note, however, that it was not Shagreel who was

actually a corruption of Potiphar, means perhaps the sun but "the god of Shagreel."And who was

"Given of Horus,"and was originally the name of Shagreel himself? Another happy guess: The old

Aram Naharaim, Abraham's native city, when it was desert tribes, whose beliefs and practices, as A. Alt

first settled by Aram and his brother Rekhob—there has recently demonstrated at length, are of primary

is much in the story to indicate that Phathur was an importance in understanding the background of the old cultplace. 30 If the story shows a fine disregard of Abraham traditions, 33 worshiped the star Sirius under

chronology, we must remember that nothing makes a the name of Shighre or Shaghre, and Shagreel in their hash of chronology like ritual does, since ritual deals idiom means "Shagre is God."Sirius is interesting in

with real but repeated events. ritual because of its unique association, amounting at

It is clear enough that Abraham's escape from the times to identify, with the sun. Shighre, according to

altar took place on Asiatic soil, which was at the time Lane's Dictionary, designates whatever star is at the under Egyptian domination. The officiating priest, moment the brightest object in the heavens, and it

though properly "the priest of Elkenah,"was "also the has recently been discovered, as R. Anthes notes, that

Priest of Pharaoh."(Abr. 1:7.) This was only a tem- "the heavenly Horus was a star as well as the sun...

porary state of affairs, however, for Abraham's "now whatever body happens to be presiding over the sky."34

at this time it was the custom..."definitely implies The King of Egypt in the rites of On is able, "with

that at the time of writing it was no longer so. Theodor the Dog Star (Sirus) as guide,"to find the place of

Boehl's observation that when the curtain rises on the resurrection at "the Primeval Hill, an island... prepatriarchal dramas "Egypt no longer rules Canaan"eminently suitable for a resurrection from death."35

suits well with the picture in the Book of Abraham The most important event in the history of the uniwhere Pharaoh rules in Canaan only at the outset. 31 verse, according to the Egyptians, was the Heliacal

Also consistent with the modern reconstruction of the Rising of Sirius, when Sirius, the sun, and the Nile picture is the mixture of outlandish "strange gods"all rose together on the morning of the New Year, the (Abr. 1:5-6, 8), among whose number was counted "a Day of Creation, as officially proclaimed from the

82 Improvement Era OLD FASHIONED Visitors to Salt Lake City

HEALTHGIVING GOODNESS

"CORONA"GRAIN MILL

for use with wheat, corn, nuts, etc. Easily adjusts

for fine or coarse grinding. New 1 CTSP

model mill with finer COME SEE more food storage items than we can possibly list in an ad... grinding plates $10.95

postpaid. East of dozens and dozens of moneysaving, balanced food supply items includ-

$1.00 Rockies add

Finer postage. grinding ing "Use Today or Store Away"dry and dehydrated foods such as wheat,

plates for old 1 C flour, fruits, vegetables, onions, potatoes, gelatin desserts, exciting new mill $1.95 set postpaid. meat substitutes and freezedried foods... everything for tasty, nutriUtah residents sales tax. add 3'/2%

residents Canadian postage tious, lowcost meals at great savings. add $3.00

Corona mill. If you can't see us in person, but would like to try foods representative of

for our 7 Item (at least 4 servHOME SIZE our Year's Food Supply, send only $2.95

STONE GROUND ings of each item) Sample Package.

FLOUR MILLS Send coupon for full details PleaseFree Catalogsend me—Food Storage Plan Free Information—Survival Kit &

Camping Free Information—Group Discounts/

FundRaising Plan $2.95 7-ltem Sample Package representative of Year's Food Supply items PERMAPAK My check/moneyorder is enclosed.

#40 E. 2430 South My Name

Salt Lake City, Utah 84115 Address

Phone (801) 4869671 City State Zip....

IF YOU REALLY WANT

flour! Grind your own

better health way to with.. an. EatAll Grainyour PERFORMANCE FROM YOUR CAR...

flour low at new mill. Now prices! BONNEVILLE try The Fastest Gas in the WEST! AllGrain mill with every Free Corona

mill sold. Write now for more inforNATIONALS Husky/Frontier/Beeline gasoline powered Jack Lufkin's Husky Oil Special

mation. across the moonlike Bonneville Salt Flats faster than any other car has

ever gone before with one gasoline engine—245.411 M.P.H.

SEND ORDERS TO The world's most demanding test of performance is the

Bonneville National Speed Trials, on the hot, eerie,

SMITHFIELD crystaline Salt Flats of Western Utah.

Husky/Frontier/Beeline is the gasoline selected year

IMPLEMENT CO. afterits provenyear performance.by Bonneville National officials because of

99 NO. MAIN If you really want performance from your car, try a

better performing gasoline.

SMITHFIELD, UTAH 84335

Try Husky I Frontier/ Beeline!

PROTECT your copies of THE IMPROVEMENT ERA with an ERA BINDER $2.50 The Improvement Era Street State South 79 - Refiners—Marketers Producers OIL.

City, Salt Utah Lake DENVER, COLO. CODY, WYOMING 84111 HUSKYCALGARY, ALTA., CANADA

DIVISION OFFICE: North Salt Lake

March 1969 83 great observatory of Heliopolis. 3G Without expanding Canaan into Egypt."41 The mixing of gods and nations,

on the theme, it will be enough here to note that the especially those of Egypt and Canaan, was the order sun, the hill, and Sirius are inseparably connected in of the day in Abraham's time, and nowhere is the the rites, as they are in the Book of Abraham, where phenomenon more clearly in evidence than in the we find "the god of Pharaoh, and also... the god of Book of Abraham. 4 - O

Shagreel... the sun"receiving sacrifices side by side FOOTNOTES

at Potiphar's Hill. (Abr. 1:9.) 1In F. S. Spalding, Joseph Smith as Translator, p. 28.

If we have not yet located the site of the doings 2J.:lThederelationshipMorgan, Laof Prehistoirethe PatriarchsOrientale,to theseVol.ancient2 (Paris,centers1926),raises Ch.many6.

indicated in Facsimile No. 1, we have at least been problems,on Old Testamentdiscussed byHistoryA. Alt,and"TheReligionGod of(Oxford:the Father,"Blackwell,in his 1966),Essays

given a pretty good idea where to look and an even pp.*0.3-77.Eissfeldt, in Ex Orients Lux, Vol. 17 (1963), p. 161.

better idea of what to look for. "Much careful thought TheBJ. importanceC. L. Gibson,of intheJournalmooncultof Semiticin theStudies,AbrahamVol. histories7 (1962),has p.been58.

has of late been devoted to... questions connected Vol.greatly22 overdone,(1931/2),accordingp. 124. to ActuallyE. Konig,the inlegendsJewish sayQuarterlynothing Review,of the

tell of a a mooncult only king but and Abraham between showdown with only Gardiner, "but the suntemples,"wrotewith in this to obnoxious. that he notes connection was Konig 126) whom

.. true the in is not. that of the importance (p.monotheism."Bible evipositive of lack thelimited success through Albright, Biblical Early Archaeology, Historical F. Analogy liesand "itI!W.

37 Tradition of (Baton Louisiana, 126. University p. Rouge: 1966), clearly, stand out features Certaindence."main

cit. in 2-4, Bereshit Vol. Vol. 4, 7, "Midrash 8; Rabba, 42, pp. 53, pp.

J. bin Gorion,however, and if we are not obliged to leap to conclu- M.sMosiah 2. We Sagenhave treatedder Juden,the Vol.subject2 (Frankfurt,at length in1914),An Approachpp. 170f.to

sions, we are obliged by what little we have seen to theDeseret,Book 1967),of Mormonpp. 27983.(1957), Ch. 23, and in Since Cumorah (Salt Lake,

look further. At the great complex of Niuserre, exam- "Sefer10R. Durham,HaYashar,'Potiphar'spp. 35b, Hill'36a, andin bintheGorion,'Canopic'Vol. Complex2, pp. 211f.of Gods

ined by Burchardt, we see all the gods "from all over (private"Becauseissue),it ispp.found1-2. onlyThis inworklate shouldEgyptianbe betterdocuments,known.scholars have

contain biblical anachronisms, story the of Joseph must concluded stands that the altar in order before standing land"the in Service, Vol. p. 273, but Annales and A. Hamada,that du 39 (1939),

ibid., that the Leibovitch, Egyptian 38 Is p. 89, not that Vol. 43 show J. Hill (1943), the Sunrise. of foot of theat the

times. much earliermuch the situation that meets us in the Abraham fromforms of the name they study indicate that the name has come down

op. cit., p. 274. 12Hamada,

story? In both cases there is a shrine devoted to the Ibid., p. 276, with disapproval.

worship of the sun, entirely under the auspices of 14Leibovitch,Ibid., pp. 8789.in Annales du Service, Vol. 43, p. 89.

1GChaeremon of Alexandria, cited by Josephus, contra Apionem, I, 290.

Pharaoh, held at a sacred Hill of the Sun whose "'Ibid., I, 26.

theophoric name ends in Re, which stands at the 18Josephus,I9Clemens Romanus,Ant., Vol. Ep.13, 3:1-3.ad Cor. 1:25; Constitutions Apostolicae,

head of a vast flat assembly place, by a sacrificial 5:7;MH.cf.Bonnet,Pliny, Nat.Reallexikon,Hist., Vol.p. 543.10, p. 2 (2-5).

altar, before which stand the images of the deities of --Gardiner,21A. H. Gardiner,ibid., andEgyptJournalof theof EgyptianPharaohs, Archaeology,pp. 8586. Vol. 30 (1944),

the whole land. (Fac. 1, Figs. 5-8, Abr. 1:13; Fac. 2, p. 23H.27. Frankfort, Kingship and the Gods (University of Chicago Press,

Fig. 6.) All such holy places have their origin and 1948),2iIbid.,p. p.153.154. Cf. H. R. Hall, in Journal of Egyptian Archaeology,

prototype in Heliopolis, and that goes for Abraham's Vol.-"'Frankfort,10, p. 187.op. cit., pp. 57, 15152; cf. Gardiner's Signlist, N 28.

shrine as well, as the name Potiphar makes clear; as Constitutions,Frankfort, 5:7.p. 81; Gardiner, Egypt of the Pharaohs, pp. 85f; Apostolic

at On, so at Potiphar's Hill, the sun and Sirius were 1900),27F. L.pp. Griffith,6164. TheStorieswatersof werethe Highthe greatPriestsAcherousianof Memphismarsh(Oxford,borderworshiped side by side. ing2SC.on E."Heliopolis,SanderHansen,the GateDieof Textethe Sun,"der Diodorus,MetternichsteleVol. 1,( Copenhagen,p. 96.

Only recently has the common meeting ground of sign1956),as p.a proper50, Spruchplacename,IX, linesHotep,8990.butSanderHansenthe symbols meanrendersliterallythe altar-"the

Mesopotamian and Egyptian religion become vaguely placeWoerterbuch,of the Vol.altar,"3, p.the183.basic meaning of the 7ipsign being "altar,"

discernable—in Canaan. Until 1929 no direct connec29Gardiner,30Ginzberg, EgyptLegendsof ofthethePharaohs,Jews, Vol.p. 85.1, p. 299. The name of Rekhob

tion was known between the cults of Mesopotamia aloneEasternwouldcitiesguaranteeas cultplaces,its religioussee ourbackground.study in Onthe theWesternorigin Politicalof Near

and Egypt, but in that year was discovered at Telel- Quarterly,Sefer haYashar,Vol. 1942b43a.(1966),Certainlypp. 599ff.the oldThecenterspellingof PthoPhethur(Pitru)is fromafter

Ghassul in what was once Canaan the now famous intowhichIsraelabominableand whichrites layof prostitution"towards theof theborderscult ofof BalaamAnatolia"werewasimporteda cult et la le (Paris: center; Z. Bible see Mayani, Payto, Les Hyksos de Monde either the its representing disk eightrayed withmural later Pethor. (Coptic) of the 188. form Ptho p. be would 1956),

39 in Vol. Oriente 131f. 31T. Boehl, 17, Lux, Ex pp. scene. cult H. Segal Sirius in M. impressive or an "sun

'al, (Oxford, p. Lexicon HebrewEnglish!2Gesenius, 752; 1952),

": "; etc. sky,''height,''visible heavens, Shami, p. 1029f "Shamah, it the Israelites, Abraham and thatsuggests was in Philo, evangelica, 1, in Eusebius, Praeparatio "the that says X, Egypparticular, who furnished an important link between Lordtians ofthinkheaventhe butSun definitelyis the onlydesignatingGod, andthecallsun.it Beelsham,"meaning

the great yearrites of Babylonia and Egypt, since 1966),A. Alt,pp. 31ff.Essays on Old Testament History and Religion (Oxford,

"it may be conjectured that the principal beliefs assoalreadyR. Anthes,Breasted,in ReligionJournal andof NearThought,Easternp. 101,Studies,notedVol.that25,thep. rising159;

ciated with these two festivals [the principal yeardeadFrankfort,is a star—theop. cit.,brightestp. 120.star, but he is also the sun.

rites] in Judaism were already wellknown to ancient religionisPlutarch,aegyptiacae,De sollicitudinep. 265; animae,Diodorus,20,I, in11.T. Chalcidius,Hopfner, Fontescited inhistoriaeHopfgreat year the says the the small Egyptians measured and p. 512,Israel in Egypt from their Mesopotamian heritage."40 ner,

rising over called of the sun ach, i.e. the symbol they by Sirius, which

Abraham, Cyrus Gordon reminds us, "was not an Primeval Hill. See R. Faulkner, in Journal of Near Eastern Studies, Vol.the

isolated immigrant, but part of a larger movement 25,37Gardiner,pp. 159f. Egypt of the Pharaohs, p, 86.

from Ur of the Chaldees [and similar communities] Ibid.,39A. Mallon,pp. 8586.in Melanges Maspero, Vol. 1, i, pp. 5559.

into Canaan,"which carried strange gods to Ugarit *>M.C. Gordon,H. Segal,Beforein Jewishthe BibleQuarterly(New Review,York: HarperVol. 53& Row,(1962),1962).p. 254.

on the Syrian coast "and even penetrated through Near42TheEasternsituationStudies,is dramaticallyVol. 13 (1954),describedpp. 58f.by C. Gordon in Journal of

84 Improvement Era <c*

ROYAL w/palm tabulator, OLYMPIA Long Carriage UNDERWOOD, completely fully reconditioned: $109.50 Port, w/case new: $139.50 automatic. Special: $89.50

REMINGTON Super, w/features ROYAL KMG only 4 models I.B.M. model B

found on $270.00 mach.: $79.50 from being new: $89.50 Completely reconditioned $229.50

Illustrated by Warren Luch First Increase electric,SMITHCORONAand it's new:215,$202.00all '

By Carol Lynn Pearson Over 200 Long Carriage Now, Lying breathless Genealogical Typewriters

On the meridian to select from

Of eternity, I slowly gather *This Smith Corona retails at $202.00 in all stores. Use this coupon and deduct

(1) $20.00 from that price, or (2) receive two year's supply of ribbons free.

Vision And view God Name YES, send the Smith CorWith a new ona and:

Address.

Familiarity. $20.00 is deducted from

City, State, Zip my check.

I don't want the Smith Corona, but send me: Check for full amount.

From the beginning Send two year ribbon supply.

We have been bound (Specify make, model, price desired) (One coupon per SCM 215 only)

As child And SAVE 50'But here—Father. SCHREYER'S THIS COUPON TYPE RIGHT\ a* STORES WITH

ribbon. typewriter black In

typewriter Specify make Earth this moment—brief DowntownYOUR O&uKpia28 Westr53SG3&sa:iFirst South - DEALER3289726 on model. and

/ have found Cottonwood Mall 2784453

His gift Of godhood, You'll always SATISFY that CRAVING for REAL HONESTto-GOODNESS ICE

Given his gift CREAM whenever you "TREAT"yourself to

Of life. *DISTINCTIVE*

miracle A double this Dawned morn: Sinew}fotfe 9cevce uvecjm

A baby breathed, Famous for FANTASTIC Ice Cream Creations

And too, 36 Incomparable Flavors

The God in me Remember, your visit to SALT LAKE CITY

Was born. is not complete until you visit Snelgroves

AMERICA'S FINEST ICE CREAM STORES 850 East 21st South 222 East South Temple

OPEN 10 A.M. to MIDNIGHT CLOSED SUNDAYS

March 1969 85 Today's Family

By Florence B. Pinnock

LUNCHEON FOR HALFA HUNDRED a time in every women should choose some capaitems, let your imagination run There may come woman's life when someone turns ble helpers. The key to the success wild with a flair for the unusual.

to her and says, "You are to be of any large luncheon is the orga- A touch of imagination is a relish chairman of our next luncheon. nization. You were selected to be and a stimulant to the guests'apMake it special."A gasp of astonthe general chairman because of petites.

ishment is usually the answer. But your clear head, your calmness In March there are many Saint

someone must do it—why not you? under fire, your expertise in delePatrick's Day luncheons, and green

After you are left alone to think gating authority, your creativetakes over as the color scheme. A

things through, you can't help but ness, your dependability to follow touch of green is great, but too dream of taking bows for the most through to the end; and also—let's much green on a table isn't. This

glamorous, delicious luncheon your face it—it is about your turn to earluncheon is a special affair and

group has ever had. Much must ly the load. should take on a festive air. Fresh

happen before this can take place. Talk yourself into the idea that flowers are often desired for cenYou are the chairman but not the all of this is going to be fun. A terpieces, but their cost at this

whole committee. Choose three or great deal of the enjoyableness of time of year might send minds in

four or more other women to share a party is the comradery of those other directions.

in the responsibilities and also in working together to make it a sucFor this Saint Patrick's Day the fun. Meet, decide on the menu, cess. The enthusiasm of the chairluncheon let's decorate with huge

and divide the tasks. Then nobody man oils the wheels to get things crystal trays of shining vegetables,

carries too heavy a load. Assign one done, and her lilt can carry any interspersed with glistening dark

to be in charge of the invitations, number of others to work toward a green leaves and arranged on white table setting, and the decorations; most happy conclusion. damask tablecloths. Lemon or lauanother to greet the guests at the The menu chosen must be realisrel leaves or evergreen branches

door and later to slip into an apron tic in terms of facilities that are to can be used effectively. Many vegafter the luncheon and do the be used, season of the year, and etables are available in different

cleanup job; still another to prethe costs allowed. Together with shades of green. Picture avocados,

pare the meal. Each of these the consideration of these three artichokes, cucumbers, asparagus,

86 Improvement Era What does

-Jw?S silence

feg@&s*3JSii look ike?

Silence is a Bigelow carpet called tightly woven to take the constant wear

Cordridge'."'of feet for years and years.

Itabsorbs floor sound and creates Bigelow has or can customcreate an atmosphere of hushed serenity. the perfect carpet to suit every type of

Cordridge has a beautifully dischurch or auxiliary building.

tinctive tree bark texture in any of sixAs America's most experienced teen colors. Its special design adapts carpetmaker we've done it since 1 825.

handsomely to the decor of today's new Mormon church buildings.

its 100% Bigelow Approved continuous filament nylon pile is dense and Bigelow

broccoli, zucchini, parsley, fresh green beans, and various kinds of lettuce combined to form an artistic centerpiece. To make the vegetables fairly shine, wash them and

then oil your fingers with butter or cooking fat and rub the leaves and vegetables as they are arranged on the tray or compote. Do not

make this centerpiece too far in advance if you are using parsley or lettuce, as they may wilt. Pale

green or kelly green tapers can be placed in tall crystal holders and Here's are handsome even if left unlighted.

Pipe cleaners made into elves a and used as place setters add a gay note to such an event. The in- A

vitations may suggest that all guests wear as much green as possible. Music during the luncheon should continue the Irish theme. $/ to Cry n

to It belongs Dear first Buren. Abby Van (Her

is really Abigail). Records of Irish jigs, folk songs, o name She's your "friend

and love songs could be played in need."My, what interesting reading poksoftly in the background. iningyourinto the lives of these troubled souls. Daily

Here is a delicious menu to serve to half a hundred people. >- GO DESERET NEWS

March 1969 87 Today's Family continued flourGrate andthe seasoningscheese verytogether.fine. SiftCreamthe coloringMix all ingredientsis even. Storetogetherin sothethatrefrigthe

the butter until light and fluffy; add erator.

seasoned flour and cheese. Blend thorCocktail in refrigerator Let Emerald for oughly. stand Clear Salad Dressing Straws hour. Cheese Roll pastry about 1 a third at Shamrock a

Hot Chicken Salad St. Patrick Greens time to y3 -inch thick. Cut with a sham- (2 tablespoons per serving)

Thousand Island Dressing rock cutter. Lift with a spatula and

or Clear Dressing place on an ungreased cookie sheet. 2 cups vinegar

Asparagus or Broccoli with Bake at 400 F. for about 8 minutes. 1 cup water

Lemon Almond Butter Don't bake too long. The cheese sham- 6 envelopes powdered salad dressing

Cloverleaf Rolls rocks should be a light golden color. mix (any flavor except low calorie

Green Pineapple Parfait Tarts and creamy)

Hot Chicken Salad 5 cups salad oil

Cocktail Emerald serving) per ( cup 3/a the water, vinegar the add and Combine serving) per cup (y2 at mix, low salad dressing beat and diced 10 chicken cooked cups until of well blended. mixer speed fruit chilled cut quarts 6 sliced dozen hardcooked eggs, \y2 oil the thoroughly. blend Then add and juice fruit sliced or beverage green onions 6 cups cup Vs

just again serving. Store Beat before leaves, cherries, mint rice maraschino instant 7 cookedGreen cups

in refrigerator. for garnish lime salt sherbet and teaspoons 3y2 If is served, asparagus there should 5 cups mayonnaise

or a 5 portion. to stocks be There- 4 bitesize pieces. into fruit the Cut Add of cans chicken cream soup

fore, for is people to 50 12 13 pounds juice, green (orange beverage prepared 1 tablespoon minus cup lemon 7% If is required. broccoli averserved, the fruit drink) to punch, carbonated or juice

serving age cup. Approxishould be fruit. Chill Sweeten, thoroughly. y2 celery if nec- 7 diced cups

will mately needed. be 17 pounds sherbet glasses.essary, 1 spoon into and green cup diced pepper

Garnish and serve just as the guests 3i/2 cups roasted almonds are being seated. Green Pineapple Parfait Tarts

fruits bato use: apples, Suggested Mix all ingredients together and spoon (y3 cup filling for each small tart) grapefruit, grapes, berries, nanas, into buttered baking pans (2 inches

oranges, peaches,oranges, mandarin thick). Sprinkle crushed chips potato

fruit gelatin lime packages 6 fruits are pineapple. of the pears, F. 350 top at for on and bake

juice hot plus water pineapple cups 30 7*4 but serve frozen, thaw themIf any them or until minutes golden bubbly and ice vanilla 3 quarts cream still icy cold. while brown. casserole This mixed be may pineapple cans crushed 6 No. 2 in together put and the stored pans and

tart shells small 50 in refrigerator the night the the before StrawsShamrock Cheese (2 per serving) luncheon. Dissolve the gelatin in the hot juice.

12 ounces sharp American cheese Thousand Island Dressing Adduntil themelted.ice Thencream chillby untilspoonfuls;thickenedstir

4i/2 cups flour (2 tablespoons per serving) but not set. Fold in 6 cups drained

2Va teaspoons salt pineapple. Spoon into tarts and chill

Va teaspoon pepper 1 quart mayonnaise until firm. Garnish with a wreath of

Va teaspoon cayenne pepper y3 cup onion, chopped very fine the remaining crushed pineapple, with cups butter 1 pint bottle catsup pale green in the center. VaW2 teaspoon dry mustard y2 cup chopped sweet pickles a spoonful of whipped cream tinted

Buying Guide for Some Basic Foods

Food Item Market Unit Approx. Measure per unit Approx. No. of servings Size of serving

Cocoa y2 pound 2 cups 30 to 36 Va cup

Bread 1 lb. loaf 12 to 16 slices 6 to 8 2 slices

Macaroni and spaghetti 1 lb. 4 cups 8 1 cup

lb. Rice (unprocessed) 1 to 2 2/3 cups 12 cup 2y3

1 Butter lb. 2 cups %1 pats pat 48

Cheese (American) 1 lb. 4 cups grated 8 1 slice

lb. 1 (Cottage cheese) 2 cups to 6 4

Ice cream 1 quart 4 cups 6 V3% tocupy2 cup Nonfat 1 lb. dry milk 4 cups to quarts 5 4

Meats, boned or ground 1 lb. about 4

Nuts, shelled 1 lb. 4 cups (1 lb. in shell

shelled) makes y2 lb.

firmly packed Sugar, brown 1 lb. 2y2 cups

confectioners 1 lb. 4 cups unsifted

granulated 1 lb. 2 cups

88 Improvement Era The Spoken Word By Richard L. Evans

Perhaps the hardest lesson to learn

"God loved us so he sent his Son,

Christ Jesus the Atoning One, To show us by the path he trod,

The one and only way to God."1

Loveof Godis thefor wordhis children,we wouldandunderline—thethe love of Himlove

who so loved us all that he lived and died to redeem us from death. And the next great lesson,

and the hardest perhaps to learn, is the love of all of us for all of us. "Love,"said William Perm,

"is the hardest lesson in Christianity."2 It may even

is sellife, for of hardest lesson love be the which SLEEPING POORLY? fish love at else all, but besides. is not something When

a father loves his children, he would always try to do for them what would be for their best. When Try

anyone loves anyone, sincerely so, he would always try to do for him—or for her—what would be for her best—not something selfindulgent, not somePOSTUM

thing selfish. And for the love of his children, God It's 100%

sent a Savior, and gave us his gospel to lead us, with caffein -free.

our loved ones, to the limitless possibilities of everlasting life. What greater gift could he give? And

as he loves us, he expects us to show our love for him by keeping his counsels and commandments, caffeinPostum isletsyouryouproblem.get a fullNothingnight'sgoessleepintoif

which are for our own good, altogether. "Love your Postum but toasted grains and other purecountry,"said Giuseppe Mazzini. "It is the home food ingredients.

that God has given you.... Raise it up, great and shelf.Thetaste?LikenothingeIseonyourgrocer'sSlowroasted to flavor perfection in

beautiful.... Love humanity.... Love your family, brick ovens, Postum has a flavor all its own.

the partner of your life, those around you, ready to Make tonight's nightcap a cup of Postum. Sleep deep. But why

share your joys and sorrows; love the dead who were wait? Postum's perfect whendear to you and to whom you were dear..."3—those ever you want to enjoy it—bedabsent ones whom you shall surely again see. Let time,not findmealtime,out for yourselfanytime.soon?Why

this be a time of homecoming, of happiness; of

mellowing hearts, of kindliness; of faithfulness and

thankfulness; of loved ones coming closer—a time WESTERN

of loving neighbors as ourselves, and a time of living TECHNICAL so that, sincerely, we can love and respect ourselves. COLLEGE

Thank God for family, for friends, for the everlastingLearn By Doing in Shop and Laboratory ness of life with loved ones—for these are the greatest

of God's gifts. "I know that my Redeemer lives."4 ELECTRONICS DRAFTING

AUTOMOTIVE TRAINING

Kimball, Loved J Edward P. "God Us, So He Sent His Son."Financial Aid and Parttime

Fruits Penn, zWilliam of Solitude.""Some

'Giuseppe Mazzini, "To the Young Men of Italy,"address delivered at Milan, Italy, Employment Available

July 25, 1848.

4 |ob 19:25. FOR COMPLETE DETAILS

*"The Spoken Word"from Temple Phone 3590658 in SALT LAKE CITY

Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting or

System December 22, 1968. Copyright 1968. VISIT, PHONE, or WRITE

2250 So. Tejon, Denver, Colo. 80110

(303) 9345523

March 1969 89 New stake presidency: President Elder Theodore M. Burton, Assistant to

The Church M. Dale Ensign and counselors Mark the Council of the Twelve, Russell L.

Moves On D.HornRobertson(Wyoming)andStake.Scott M. Welch, Big Oakes,Davis, andDonaldS. LymanK. Nelson,Tyler as members.Keith R.

January 1969 The First Presidency announced Dearborn (Michigan) Stake was orthe formation of the Church Library ganized from parts of Detroit Stake by

President and Sister David 0. McCoordinating Committee, with responElder Harold B. Lee of the Council of

Kay observed their sixtyeighth wedsibility of coordinating all library acthe Twelve and Elder Theodore M. Burding anniversary at home today. In tivities and procedures of the Church, ton, Assistant to the Twelve. Carl S.

the evening there was a small family Earl E. Olson, assistant Church hisHawkins was sustained as president of

celebration. torian, is chairman of the group, with this the 474th stake of the Church,

with LeRoy S. Walker and David W.

Ferrel as counselors.

I. Morris Brooks was sustained as

Richard L. Evans president of Detroit Stake, with Neil R.

The Spoken Word Williamscounselors.and John R. Pfeifer as

First Presidency urged "our When people once are in the wrong EDUJ The people to be generous"in their support

Aman who has committed a mistake and doesn't correct it,"said of the annual March of Dimes drive.

Early this morning members of the ZA Confucius, "is committing another mistake."Having in mind that

all of us make mistakes, we turn a moment to some further ciSalt Lake Tabernacle Choir departed by/ V tations: "Some often repent, yet never reform,"said Bonnell Thornton; jet airplane for Washington, D.C., to

"they resemble a man travelling in a dangerous path, who frequently take part in festivities in connection starts and stops, but never turns back.""Repentance may begin inwith Richard M. Nixon's inauguration

stantly,"observed Henry Ward Beecher, "but reformation often requires as President of the United States.

a sphere of years."And finally, from Samuel Johnson: "As long as one It was announced that 2,059,277

lives he will have need of repentance."Now back to the beginning: visitors visited Temple Square in Salt

"A man who has committed a mistake and doesn't correct it, is comLake City during 1968. A total of nearly

mitting another mistake."There is no virtue in postponing repentance four million people visited the 30

to some particular time. There is virtue in repenting in the presentChurch-oriented centers located at variin doing so this very day. It isn't ever altogether easy, and it comes ous temples and historic sites of the

down, finally, to a question of character—wanting to, willingness, workChurch. Of these, an estimated 2,867,-

ing at it. If there are mistakes, they can be acknowledged. If there are 982 were not members of the Church.

habits we shouldn't have, they can begin to be conquered. If, because

of us, there are hurt hearts and offended feelings, it is for us to make On the eve of his inauguration as amends. Others can encourage. Others can help. But no one else can President of the United States, Presirepent for us. The obligation and the opportunity are ours—and what dentelect Richard M. Nixon joined

we do will determine the difference. And if we don't repent, if we 3,500 dignitaries in applauding the

don't change direction, we will arrive at whatever end our present Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir in a concert to the beginning take attitudes chooses actions tend and us. "He who

1 lines it leads."to place of a road, These four the were at Constitution Hall, Washington, D.C. chooses which

left us by Matthew Prior: i!j In nearfreezing temperatures and

"When people once are in the wrong biting wind the Salt Lake Tabernacle

Each line they add is much too long;

astray, fastest walks, walks but Who Choir sang at the inauguration of 2 President Richard M. Nixon. It was the furthest his Is only way."from

second time that the choir had added "A man who has committed a mistake and doesn't correct it, is com- a beautiful and reverent tone to an mitting another mistake."

inauguration; they were there for the

Author unknown.

Prior, "Alma."swearingin of President Lyndon B. 2Matthew

*"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, Johnson in January 1965. This evening

presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System January 12, 1969. Copyright 1%9. they returned to Salt Lake City.

90 Improvement Era YORK CATHEDRAL University of Utah authentic fi Summer Workshops Jfamilg Powell the Lah arms Celebrate Tour the spectacular ike and Golden Direct from England... geologicalformations

Centennials.. faithfully emblazoned of Central Utah

1 filed old records from. under AND

British and European 200,000 THE surnames.

researchers Experienced reGE0L0GY"UTAH veal findings and supply acon full replica colour curate TOUR beautiful SHIELD WALL OAK STUDY reor -21 STUDY decoration for interior June 9 TOUR explanwith your check fund June 9-21 letter and personal atory Choice of 4 sizes.

brochure. 7"x 6 ".... $10.00 1 2"x 1 O".. $22.00 Campus lectures followed by a weeklong tour

14"x12".. $28.OO 22"x18"..$45.00 of scenic Southern and Central Utah

All postpaid. Each shield is made to individual order. For further information write:

School, Ship, Regimental Shields, Trade Marks, etc. Summer School, 305 Park Building, University of Utah, Salt Lake City, Utah 84112

similarly reproduced. Write directly to Britain's leading heraldic craftsmen.

YORK INSIGNIA LTD., YORK, ENGLAND -*#*

4W''tSfJT:

40 other Presession Workshops and Regular Summer Quarter, June 23August 1 i Earn While I Showing Exquisite MISSIONPAK CO. THE MISSIONPAK

CONTAINS:—', of Lingerie Modesty—Presents multiple vitamins and 1,000 FAMILYPAK

a consultant can be You mission. last the entire to minerals—enough

stake, in your FOR STORAGE and have VITAMINS exciting career in the an SECAPED field growing of fashion. minMultiple vitamins and FAMILYPAK for the lotion drying a medicated SECAPED,

Call write: or athlete's Family foot. for erals Storage and are available to prevent feet and treat

South 2511 Temple West Salt Lake City, Utah 4873621 use at GREAT savings! OLIVE OIL

1,000 500 200 Vi fluid ounce of Pure Virgin Olive Oil.

tablets for tablets for tablets for The ideal gift for the missionary 12.49 6.69 2.79 MISSIONPAK CO.

11274 8 S.L.C., 84111 Utah

MISTAKES PARENTS for MISSIONPAKyour missionary Box PARENTS Enclosed check or money order. is my

MAKE Please send postage free:

1,000 Tablets FAMILYPAK 12.49 Q

500 Tablets FAMILYPAK 6.69

200 Tablets FAMILYPAK 2.79 fj

See how this amazing 32The MISSIONPAK 13.88

page book holds the key to your greatest success as a parent. Name

habits in children of harmful causes to removePoints the way of Address helping while obedience If cheerfulall prompt, you ages. want

your child advance in every way—send for Free Booklet now. City

Parents Association, Dept. 1 973, Pleasant Hill, Ohio. 45359. State Zip Code

Country

LEADING L.D.S. FUNERAL DIRECTORS OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA

Melvin P. Randall Every L.D.S. service personally arLaren W. Smith

Manager, L.D.S. Department ranged, supervised and directed by Associate

2941025 these leading L.D.S. Funeral Directors. 2493511

A staff of 12 competent L.D.S.

men and women to assist you.

Regardless of where you own cemetery property, call Pierce Brothers for "THE PERFECT TRIBUTE"Los Angeles, Phone 213749-4151

More Latterday Saint families call

Lowell J. Campbell R. Reid Wallace PIERCE BROTHERS

8383956 Associate MORTUARIES 2541212 Associate 21 CONVENIENT NEIGHBORHOOD

March 1969 91 Mercury Specials!

FOR AS LITTLE AS $5.75 PER 100 Buffs

Printed on finest plain or paneled vellum wedding papers in and sharp, clean new type faces. Rebuffs

$7./J PER 100

Raised letters (thermography) - Olympic Medal Winner beautiful and distinctive and a sincere value at this price. Your editor's note on the feature "Mormons and the Olympics"[January] said

$19.75 PER 100 thatSaint tohadyourwonknowledgea medal noat theLatterda}'recent

Genuine steel die engraved—Olympics in Mexico City. However, Jack

Engraving plate sent with your S. Horsley of the Seattle (Washington)

order. 5-day delivery if needed. 12th Ward won a bronze medal in the

200meter backstroke.

ORDER WITH COMPLETE CONFIDENCE. SATMrs. Bernice Ryan

ISFACTION GUARANTEED OR YOUR MONEY Palo Alto, California

WILL BE PROMPTLY AND CHEERFULLY REFUNDED. Latterday Saints have an Olympic winAll Wedding Invitations and Announcements ner: Jack Horsley. He has the following

Tissued and Inserted into Inside Envelopes. world rankings as published in the 1969

Swimming World, Vol. 10, no. 4, p. 51:

Over 60 styles from which to choose including oil the elegant vellums and finest "Fifth in the 800 Meter Freestyle with parchments in silver gray and beautiful pastels. Also informals, enclosures, thank a time of 8:51:8; thirteenth in the 1500

you notes, at home cards, napkins, photo albums, wedding books, and many other Meter Freestyle with a time of 16:53:0;

accessories. ninth in the 100 Meter Backstroke with

Send 25c (50c if airmail requested) (credited on your order) for catalog, samples and a time of 1:01:0; tied for second in the

FREE ETIQUETTE WHEEL. 200 Meter Backstroke with a time of

24hour (in our plant) service if desired. 2:08:0."

Walter Cryer, Swimming Coach Brigham Young University E R C U R Y SALT146 EASTLAKE SIXTHCITY 'SOUTHUTAH STREET841 ] ] CO. PUBLISHING Church in Alaska

Name. M I was thrilled with "The Church in

Alaska"[January]. My grandfather was

Address Heber Jesse Meeks, but I was not aware of the Alaska site where was blessed for

City. State Zipthe gospel. preaching of the

Norman H. Jackson

Richfield, Utah

I thought the article on Alaska was a story the wonderful Elder Church. about FOR THE MOST FABULOUS V elders of the four one James Judd,

in father. to Alaska 1928, His is my

for the mission a turning was DINING IN UTAH departure sent

ANDY'S FAMOUS SMORGASBORD FEATURES pointthe storein mybusinesslife, becausefor life.it Iputhadmejustin

Hot Foods: graduated from Dixie College. When I

(Great) of Beef Baron I that said have came would home Dad (Terrific) Barbecued Ribs Spare to care for his store he because was (Hawaiian) Pork Sour Sweet and to going Alaska with Elder Meeks and Plus entrees hot other 11 Elder Englestead mission a to open up

Foods: Cold for the picked Church. Elder They up (Supreme) Salmon Baked althe since on Plowman way, he was

Gulf Shrimp in field. the ready In mission the 1938 Alaskan King Crab sent misChurch on another James Judd Specialty Cheeses Cold and Meats and 35 sion, to Australia. - salads delectable other a Gourmet's

paradise. Finley M. Judd

Hurricane, Utah

Those Disappearing Page Numbers

Make several trips I am a high priest and have been readto the Smorgasbord ing the Era for more than 50 years. Recently I have been disappointed when

Open weekdays 5 P.M. page numbers have been left off some

Sundays from 1 P.M. of the pages. It is very disconcerting to

me to thumb through the pages when looking for an article and not find the page number. May I suggest that page

3350 Highland Drive - Salt Lake City numbers be put on every page?

Frederick Loertscher Salt Lake City, Utah

placement of Occasionally, of page numbers your copies HOLIDAY INN Protect would put them or in a photograph Era The improvement

Specialty Authentic Mexican with an Era binder—$2.50 illustration. Rather than do so, we will

Food Order from our office at leave them off—we hope not too often.

79 South State Street Private Dining Room Available Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 3040 So. State Phone 4679881

92 Improvement Era Joseph the Farmer I was thrilled with the January Era, but

I got some hearty enjoyment out of Dr.

Hugh Nibley \"A New Look at the Pearl of Great Price"] calling Joseph Smith, Jr.,a "farmer"and I was able for once to LEADERSHIP

gather a few kernels of grain among the loads of straw.

George W. Robinson

Idaho Falls, Idaho Deseret News Press "Using the Scriptures"Correction 1600 Empire Road

I was impressed with the article "Using Salt Lake City, Utah the Scriptures"[Januaryl by Elder Harold B. Lee. I noticed the list of signifi84104

cant Doctrine and Covenants sections, but wonder if there was a misprint. The

article mentions Section 111 as one of eight sections to study (page 14), but

Section 111 does not seem to deal much with the topic.

Ken Mangum Provo, Utah

You're right. It should read Section 112.

Springtime Our modern web offset equipment produces

By Solveig Paulson Russell over 1,000,000 magazines each month.

Springtime comes slipping with nobody knowing, * s- LEEElectricHome

Gentle, and silent, and softly tipHandyFlour Millinspirational LDS FILMS

Compact toeing Automatic Available Electric Now through the valley, downDown from BYU through the glade, Educational

Past the last snowdrift that winMedia ter has made; Services I *$$&&

Down to the brook, and the ice falls away;

Down to the pond, ano] the willows sway.

Lullabygentle, the spring moves along, EDUCATIONAL MEDIA SERVICES

And earth stirs and murmurs a Herald R. Clark Building

clear silent song. Whole Wheat Brigham Young University

The seeds feel awakening; trees Provo, Utah 84601

Film Department COMPANY DESERET BOOK quicken and send flourStone ingrinda LEE yourElectricownHomewholeFlourwheatMill. 44 East South Temple

A tingle of knowing to every Compact, handy, automatic and so easy Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 branch end. tohealth.use. Don'tGet allshortchangethe nutritionalyourselfvalueon Temporary Address

A soft golden flush filters the nature put into every grain of wheat. BYU CANADIAN FILM CENTER

Use home ground, stone ground Whole 2300 23rd Avenue South air, Wheat flour. Your rolls and bread taste Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada

flour for mill better today Write lightfingers reach mildAnd

Film Center Ricks Center Chicago Film BYU BYU prices 4 models.—too.

First Street 225 Inc. Films, Association everywhere. See, taste YOURSELF: FOR JUDGE how

Falls, Idaho 83401 Idaho Hillgrove 561 Avenue better stone ground whole wheat much III. La Grange, 60525 slipping, Springtime softcomes

Los Film Angeles BYU Center are. check goods baked or money Send Film Center Area Bay BYU c/o Hoist Library Smith Film & ly tiptoeing, lb. for 5 Deaf Inc. order package Smith Films, Association 2221 South Street Olive

Cypress 25358 Avenue Flour recipes Los Calif. $1.50. using Angeles, Free 90007 all alerted, earth, rouses for Calif.And Hayward, 94544

Flour. Whole Wheat

Film Center Southwestern BYU Eastern Film Center BYU 3-69 IE growing.

Inc. Films, Center Movie Association

Phoenix, Ariz. 85003 Ridgefield, N.J. 07657 LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY 119 W. McDowell Road 600 Grand Avenue

2023 W. Wisconsin Av*. Milwaukte, Wis. 53201

March 1969 93 Electric Heating Costs Reduced 20% in Total Electric Homes

Now, more than ever before, you can enjoy the many wonderful advantages of nameless electric heating.

Beginning January 1, electric rates have been reduced 20% below former rates for total electric homes.

Every AllElectric Home Can Qualify

New homes built to total electric standards as well as older homes converted to allelectric automatically qualify for the new low rate of 1.1 <t

per kwh for electric heating and cooling.

Call for More Information Today

Phone or write today for free information aboutybringing electric heat to your home. For prompt attention,

phone Utah Power & Light Co. and

ask for heating specialist. Or write:

R. M. Pizza

Sales and Marketing Dept. By Dr. G. Homer Durham

Utah Power & Light Company President, Arizona State University at Tempe

P. O. Box 899, Salt Lake City, Utah 841 10 Photo by Colonel Frank Borman

There is no obligation. On Friday morning, December the face of the waters. And God

Because It's Electric, It's Better 27, 1968, the American spacesaid, Let there be light: and there

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. ship Apollo 8 splashed down in the was light. And God saw the light,

central Pacific Ocean after man's that it was good: and God divided

first successful journey to the the light from the darkness."

moon. Colonel Frank Borman of Captain Lovell: "And God called

196869 the United States Air Force, Capthe light Day, and the darkness he

MUSIC FESTIVAL tain James A. Lovell, Jr., of the called Night. And the evening and

OF United States Navy, and Major the morning were the first day.

COMBINED William A. Anders, United States And God said, Let there be a firWARD CHOIRS Air Force, made the historic flight mament.... And God made the

SATB into space, complete with ten orfirmament, and divided the waters

Heavens Resound.20 bits of the moon on December 24, which were under the firmament

Worship the King.20 1968. Departure was from Cape from the waters which were above

.25 of Faith Hymns

Kennedy, Florida, on Saturday, the firmament: and it was so. And My Soul May A Oh

B The Temple December 21. God called the firmament Heaven.

C Lord Bless Thee Christmas Eve 1968 was etched And the evening and the morning

Behold a Host arrayed.22 in history and in the memory of were the second day."

On Great Lone Hills.25 millions of viewers who, on teleColonel Borman: "And God said,

Sheep May Safely Graze.25 vision, heard, directly from moon Let the waters under the heavens

Holiness, Becometh.25 I orbit, the special Christmas mesbe gathered together unto one

.20 Savior Loving

.25 sage of the three astronauts. It place, and let the dry land appear: Thanks Be To God

was an especially appropriate mesand it was so. And God called the

SSA sage to the earth and all its peodry land Earth; and the gathering

As Angels In Heaven.30 ples. It went like this (from the together of the waters called he

To Music.25 book of Genesis): Seas: and God saw that it was

New Choral Catalogs available. Major Anders: "In the begingood."(See Gen. 1:1-10.)

Music shipped the same day we ning, God created the heaven and To watchers who had seen live receive your order. the earth. And the earth was withtelevision pictures of the earth,

out form, and void; and darkness transmitted from the spacecraft,

,ir X was upon the face of the deep. and who had heard Colonel Borthe Spirit of God moved upon man's description of the moon GeiAro And

Co WMuilc IMMO P.FALL*.0. BobKMHG2009 UMI

94 Improvement Era EE OUR NEW # ("a vast, lonely, forbidden type of existence"), the ancient words,repeated by the three officers, PR1NG IDEA;

came large with meaning.

Then came Colonel Borman's Fresh fashions for you and your family, new signoff: ways to bring spring to your home decorat-

"And from the crew of Apollo ing, fun gifts for spring gift occasions.

8, we close with goodnight, good Convenient payment terms arranged.

bless all of you, all of you on the good earth."

Earlier on December 24, some five hours after firing Apollo 8 into its first lunar orbit, Colonel Borman transmitted a prayer for delivery at St. Christopher Episcopal State and Broadway, Salt Lake City, Utah 841 10

Church, League City, Texas, where 2457 Washington Blvd., Ogden, Utah 84401

he serves as a lay reader. "I was

supposed to layread tonight,"he said with some humor, "but I Build Your Career atcouldn't quite make it."The JLj. Jl). i.

prayer, he said, was not only for ) Professional Business fellow worshipers gathered at St. courses- 3 to 18 months

Christopher's, but "to people ) Good job opportunities everywhere."This additional time- I The personal attention

ly message from moon orbit, from available only at a

Colonel Frank Borman, the comsmall college manding officer of the pioneer I A complete Institute journey into lunar space, must also ) A Ward on campus be recorded here: I A complete student

"Give us, God, the vision activity program which can see thy love in the FOR A FREE CATALOG WRITE world despite human failure. The Dean of Students

"Give us the faith to trust the goodness despite our ignorance and weakness.

"Give us the knowledge that we may continue to pray with understanding hearts, and show us what 411 East South Temple each of us can do to set forward The People Builder since 1886 Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 the coming day of universal peace."COX'S DELICOU5

There will be other journeys to the moon. It may turn out to be CreamedMoney

somewhat more attractive than one of the best in the U.S.

JEWELRY CO. starkthe view permitted the by GIFT A SPECIALTY BOXES

42 WEST2ND. SOUTH for its flavor quality and DA 2-1039 famous pioneer, orbit. 69mile-high There

1, SALT CITY LAKE UTAH (Write will for to earth be more messages Free Brochure)

COX FARMS HONEY ITrouiTlI honeyj thefrom but INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER j|T and beyond, moon

Shelley, Idaho 83274 few so profound with faith and meaning. LIGHTED MAGNIFYING GLASS MAKE ff $12 AN HOUR AT HOME

".... For Genealogy Researcher of us each.. what show FREE! Let Prove To You Ma

I'll Scaling and you (how howIt Postage Paid $5.95 to set give time, thecan forward sparePlastic at Laminating can coming do

California operate, Residents hour sales tax add each horns,$12 as you you much as sets anywhere. up Offer Steady Ourday of universal peace."o We Also experience Reader tabletopFun. needed.

Volts, 110 $9.95 At everything.No machine financeWe furnishEasy.you. We'll even help

selling. houseto-house coma by No MAGNILIGHT CO., Ave. 1567 Manning icts mail. FREE. talesman OrdersNo callW will Los Angeles, California 90024

Jervis, 1 47CS,Chgo, III. 60626 1512 ELECTRIC, DepUWARNER

March 1969 95 End of an Era

Judge: "I shall have to An insurance company wrote

give you ten days or $20."out a $1,000 life policy in the

Prisoner: "I'll take the name of one Samuel Johnson.

$20, your honor. Premiums were paid promptly

for a few years, then they suddenly stopped. After sending

a few delinquent notices, Until you understand a the company received writer's ignorance, presume this reply: "Dear Sirs: Please

yourself ignorant of his excuse us as we can't—Samuelunderstanding.Taylor Coleridge Sam.pay anyHemoredied premiumslast May. on

Yours truly, Mrs. S. Johnson."

Two men were discussing There were smiles in their status in life. "I started The salesman took his

the congregation out on the theory that the young son to the zoo, where world had an opening for me,"they walked from cage to as the said one. "And you found it?"cage until they finally came

newly returned asked the other. "Well, to one containing a restive

missionary stood up rather,"replied the first. "I'm leopard. "Daddy"asked the

in the hole now."hoy, "is that the dotted

to give lion you're always talking his report and about?"

began: "It's so good We must in words and

to be home and to demeanor show always the Eightyear-old Judy came see you allDad dignity and authority of breathlessly running home man, and talk of the noble rank from Primary. "Daddy!"she and Mom,

he holds among the works exclaimed. "Dee Wayne

my little brothers, of God. We must act and Danny have been

friends, former in the worthy power of pure fighting!""My goodness,

mission thought and let our ideals Judy,"her father replied, "that prevail. certainly isn't the thing

companions, my girl—President Levi Edgar Young to do at Primary, is it? Do

friend... and her you know what they were

husband...."fighting about?""Yes"

Juvenile delinquency is she said, "they were fighting -Mrs. W. G. Tolley, the result of parents trying over who had been the

Salt Lake City, Utah to train children without most reverent today."

starting at the bottom.—Wayne B. Lynn, Mesa, Arizona

'End of an Era"will pay $3 for humorous anecdotes and experiences that relate to the Latterday Saint way of life. Maximum length 150 words.

96 Improvement Era RICKS COLLEGE

ACADEMIC CALEN DAR 19691970 SPRING SEMESTER - 1969 FALL SEMESTER -1969

Jan. 6 t 7, 8.....Registration for spring semester Aug. 20, 21, 22.Registration

begin Classes Aug. 25 class begins work RegularJan. 9

holiday 1 Labor Day Sept. for begins Application graduationJan. 9 register to Last Sept. day 5 to register Last dayJan. 24 vacation Conference Oct. 6

reports grade dueMar. Midsemester 7 (to Oct. Homecoming be announced)

April 2 to 7 Spring vacation Oct. 17 Midsemester registration

May 5, 6, 7, 8 Spring semester exams Noon Nov. 26 - Dec. 1 Thanksgiving holiday

May 8 Baccalaureate exercises Dec. 15, 16, 17, 18 Fall semester exams

May 9 Commencement exercises Dec. 18 - Jan. 7 Christmas holiday

- 1970 SUMMER SESSION - 1969 SPRING SEMESTER

Registration 7, 8, 9 Application for admission due Jan. 2June for Application graduation Jan. 7 Registration 9June begin Classes Jan. 12 begins Classwork 10June Last to register day Jan. 23

HolidayJuly 4 registration Midsemester Mar. 6

SUMMER ACADEMY OF FINE ARTS AprilMay 4,6 -5,7 6, 7 SemesterSpring vacationexams

June 1628 Registration - 8:00 May 7 Baccalaureate exercises

Manwaring Student Center May 8 Commencement exercises

SUMMER ACADEMY OF FIN E ARTS JUNE 15 - 27, 1970

Ricks College Rexburg, Idaho Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

The lights burn long... as your children try to keep pace with the new knowledge of the world in

which they live. They are studying in junior high and high school much of the material we first encountered in college... and in college and graduate work they will go far beyond the arts and sciences you

were taught. Are the financial plans for your children's future keeping pace with your hopes and dreams

for their education and careers? Their opportunity is assured

LiLwhen your life insurance is Beneficial. Beneficial Life fifr$$$\ BENLiMCIAL

Qrnkitanee {jompanv

Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah