,.l Enjoy Summer School on the beautiful BYU campus

Gain a full summer of study SPECIAL SUMMER FEATURES with all the BYU advantages

FOR YOU AT BYU Distinguished Faculty—Nationally famous teachers will augment

resident faculty. Visiting artists also conduct classes.

Youth Academy Graduate Study—Graduate study is a major accent of Summer

School. The Graduate School offers the master's degree in 82 fields

Baton Techniques of study and the doctor's degree in 31 fields of study.

Business Management Conference Undergraduate Study—High School graduates can get an early

Creative Dramatic Classes start on their education; college students can accelerate their

Driver and Safety Education Workshop program to graduate early or to make up missed classes. The

program offering of every department provides a broad selection

Economics for Teachers of both required and elective classes.

French for Children Devotionals and Lectures—Church leaders and experts in many

Ninth Annual Genealogy Clinic fields speak in outstanding BYU assembly programs.

Gymnastics for Boys Advancement Opportunities—Teachers will find many special

helps for certification and outstanding workshops and clinics for

Annual High School Publications Workshop advancement.

Language Institute for Spanish Teachers Semester Credit—Semester rather than quarter credit. Six semester

Modern Dance Rhythms for Children hours may be earned per term.

Mountain Safety and Rescue Workshop Recreation—Full program of outings, dances, athletics and the

recreational outlets. provide nearby Mountains scenic Wasatch

of a lifetime. experience Hike is theOutdoor Survival The Timpanogos

Personal Development Spend a pleasant, enjoyable summer on this scenic, modern

Priesthood Genealogical Research Seminar campus with finest facilities, classrooms, laboratories, housing.

Recreational Dance Workshop Slimnastics for Women Write for Free Summer Catalog Speed Reading Twentythird Annual Summer Music Clinic REMEMBER THESE DATES:

Annual Summer Theater Workshop 1st Term—June 12—July 14

Tobacco Education Workshop 2nd Term—July 17—Aug. 17

Typing for Children Workshop in Camp Leadership Methods and Materials in Aquatics Brigham Young

Teaching and Coaching Tennis Teaching and Coaching SoccerSupervision of Student Teachers UNIVERSITY

P R O V O, UTAH Memo to Our Readers: The Voice

of the Church Improvement March 1967 Over the years The Improvement Era Volume 70, Number 3 has taken its readers to visit, through word and picture, many places of interRegular Featuresest and importance to Latterday Saints the 2 The Editor's Page: Christ Is Risen, President David 0. McKay—the Holy Land, South America,

Islands of the Pacific, Scandinavia, and 14 Genealogy: A Record Among You, A. J. Simmonds

the Far East. 29 Teaching: How Can We Make "Doers"out of Our Students?

Continuing in this fine tradition, Ernest Eberhard, Jr.

we are pleased to present this month 32 The LDS Scene our cover plus eight pages of fullcolor photographs that help tell the fascinat34 The Era Asks: What Is the Church Doing for College Students?

ing story of Petra and the land of 41 The Era of Youth

Edom. 57 The Church Moves On Another new Era feature makes its appear66 Melchizedek Priesthood: How Quorums Can Share the Gospel with

ance this month. It is Their Neighbors

to be called "The LDS 69, 72, 76 The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans

Scene"and is designed 70 Today's Family: Our Dairy World

to keep you informed 89 Buffs and Rebuffs about important Church personalities and events 90 Presiding Bishopric's Page: Frankly, Bishop, I Don't See the

Inspiration in This in the news.

The department is 92 Best of Movies, Howard Pearson handled by Brother Jay M. Todd, who 94 These Times: Quest for the City Beautiful, G. Homer Durham

has been a member of the staff since 96 End of an Era

January 1, 1966.

Along with other duties, Brother Special Features

Todd also conducts the popular feature 9 Accent the Positive But Don't Forget the Negative, Max H. Robinson

"The Era Asks,"which each month presents in questionand-answer form 10 Obscenity and the Supreme Court, M. Dallas Burnett

information of vital interest to Church 16 A Man Who Knew, Derek Dixon members. Inasmuch as his name does

18 Petra, Doyle L. Green

not appear as the author of these features, we are using this means of 58 Joseph Smith, Popularizer... or Restorer? Milton V. Backman, Jr.

acquainting you with him. 62 Sunday School Reorganization, Leland H. Monson

Jay was trained in journalism at the 64 Good Friday, Shelia McQuade

University of Utah and has had experience as a reporter with the Deseret 78 Me... and Those "Golden Questions,"Ara Belliston Richards

News and United Press International.

He has taught in the seminary system Stories, Poetry of the Church and more recently served 4 The Woven Miracle, Ruth Ledra L Cummings as a script writer and audio visual 8, 39, 75, 76, 96 Poetry specialist for the Church school system.

He is a valuable staff member.

FamilyArtist.Editor;Editor;AlbertMarionL. Zabell,D. Hanks,Jr.. ResearchEra of YouthEditor:Editor;Mabel ElaineJones Cannon,Gabbott. EraJay M.of YouthTodd, EditorialRichardReynolds,Associates;L Evans.Art Director;FlorenceEditors: NormanB.DoylePinnock.L.F. Green,Price,Today'sManagingStaff v Managing Editor AssociateDavidEleanor0, Knowles,McKayEditor; andRalph

Verl ContributingF. Scott, BusinessEditors,Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Acting Business Smith.Durham,SubscriptionJr.,FranklinGeneralDirector:S.Manager;Harris.ThayerJr.,FlorenceHughEvans.S.Nibley,Jacobsen,S. GlennSidneySmith.AssociateB. Sperry,AdvertisingGeneralAlma Manager;Representatives.A. Gardiner, G.G.ManagerCarlosHomerand

of Saints, of Latterday Church and Improvement the by Superintendent, Young General price. TheSaints. rightsJesus Subscription of Latterday Associations Jesus 1967,$3.00 Men'sof The Improvement

year, Allofyear price; for years, to single MutualChurchyears. a threeyear the a year,publishedcopy, $8.25;of inexceptadvance; eachChristAssociationsucceeding $2.50 addedreserved.Christ subscriptions. Mutualmultiple $5.75: 2 3 35$

issues. special

Associations. Official Mutual Improvement the Priesthood organ of Quorums, mailing for at rate for of special in section matter. secondclass at Utah, City, provided Salt as postage Office, Acceptance the Lake 1103,

School Teaching Committee, Committee, System, and 2. Music Church July authorized Enteredof Post1917, October 1918. Home

of is Saints. of Latterday Christ for for other agencies of Jesus contributions. not paid responsible are manuscripts Church Manuscripts acceptance but The welcomes be on Improvement and must

return. for sufficientEra delivery unsolicitedand by postage actTheaccompanied

The Improvement Era Offices, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 changesThirty days'cannotnoticebe madeis requiredunlessforthechangeold addressof address.as well Whenas theorderingnew one a ischange,included.please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address

March 1967 The Editor's Page There is no cause to feCiXl"uccath. It is

No man can accept the resurrection—the

event we celebrate as Easter—and be consistent in his belief without accepting also the existence of a personal God.

Through the resurrection Christ conquered death. Belief in his resurrection

also connotes the immortality of man. Jesus passed through all the experiences

of mortality, just as you and I. He knew happiness; he experienced pain. He

rejoiced with others, as well as sorrowed. He knew friendship. He died a

mortal death, even as every other mortal. Even as his spirit lived after what

is called death, so shall yours and mine.

It is a treasure beyond comprehension to be able to say: "For I know that

By President my redeemer liveth, and that he shall stand at the latter day upon the earth."

David 0. McKay (Job 19:25.)

He who can thus testify of the living Redeemer has his soul anchored in

eternal truth.

That the spirit of man passes triumphantly through the portals of death

into everlasting life is one of the glorious messages given by Christ, our Redeemer. To him this earthly career is but a day, and its closing but the setting

of life's sun. Death, but a sleep, is followed by a glorious awakening in the

morning of an eternal realm. When Mary and Martha saw their brother in

the dark and silent tomb, Christ saw him still a living being. This fact he

expressed in the two words: "Lazarus sleepeth."

If everyone participating in Easter services knew that the crucified Christ

actually rose on the third day from the tomb—that after having mingled with

others in the spirit world, his spirit did again reanimate his pierced body and, after sojourning among men for the space of forty days, ascended a glorified soul to his Father—what benign peace would come to souls now troubled with

doubt and uncertainty!

Improvement Era

but an incident in life.

While it is true that knowledge of individual immortality does not depend upon the actuality of the resurrection of Jesus, yet the establishment of the fact

that he arose from the grave and communicated with his disciples would furnish in many ways the strongest support of that hope.

There is no cause to fear death; it is but an incident in life. It is as natural

as birth. Why should we fear it? Some fear it because they think it is the

end of life, and life often is the dearest thing we have. Eternal life is man's

greatest blessing.

If only men would "do his will"instead of looking hopelessly at the dark and gloomy tomb, they would turn their eyes heavenward and know that

"Christ is risen!"

Christ came to redeem the world from sin. He came with love in his heart

for every individual, with redemption and possibility for regeneration for all.

By choosing him as our ideal, we create within ourselves a desire to be like him, to have fellowship with him. We perceive life as it should be and as it may be.

The chief apostle Peter, the indefatigable Paul, the Prophet Joseph Smith, and other true followers of the risen Lord recognized in him the Savior of the individual, for did he not say, "... this is my work and my glory—to bring to

pass the immortality and eternal life of man"(Moses 1:39)?—not the sacrificing

of the individual for the perpetuation of the socialistic or communistic state.

Members of the Church of Christ are under obligation to make the sinless

Son of Man their ideal. He is the one perfect being who ever walked the

earth, the sublimest example of nobility, Godlike in nature, perfect in his love,

our Redeemer, our Savior, the immaculate Son of our Eternal Father, the Light, the Life, the Way.

With all my soul I know that death is conquered by Jesus Christ.

Because our Redeemer lives, so shall we!

March 1967 By Ruth Lerda L. Cummings T

"They have crucified him! They have crucified him! We are too

late!"Jacob cried in anguish.

Suddenly, with one long stride past the woolen threads and:

wooden beams of his loom, he was beside his young son, Timothy,

He picked up the boy and looked into his eyes. Xheyyvvere

deep brown, shaded by dark eyelashes. They wfrpjust r

like other eyes except—U-

"Only the Nazarene could have mad

Wft*. \ of them, and I never took you to him,'

Jacob lamented.

, -f '':; -'''.''''*,"

*-':->:-':,>.'.'>:'. '"<:. '. mf'hi Brsiha*- w?,*': -.:>:*.-

When Jacob and his wife, Mary, first realized that their child was blind, old John had told them of the one who could make the blind to see. Both had listened

intently to their dearest friend, who was the only

JmHU father Mary had ever known.

"We must bring the boy to him,"John had declared.

"I have spoken to Peter, one of his followers, and IP--* \k he says the Nazarene has even raised the dead."

"Only God could do all that,"Jacob had vf protested with half a scoff.

Old John had sat looking down upon dark hair of Timothy.

Quietly he told Jacob that many

others also believed the Nazarene to be the promised Messiah,

M& it-

">%.4 TlSfc*

March 1967 y Even without seeing, the boy

had sensed the difference.

"Father, are these threads?"

the Son of God. Eventually Mary

had believed the same. Three times

she and John had tried to take Timothy to the Nazarene. They had never

reached him because of the tremendous crowds. Jacob had not accompanied

them. The loom demanded his time,

he had insisted. Old John and Mary

had acted in true faith. With

Jacob it had been a desperate groping for the last straw of hope. Physicians

maintained that Timothy would always be blind. Then

Mary had fallen seriously ill.

Caring for her and Timothy, bringing the water from the well and the fruit from the market were now the tasks of old John and Jacob. The

trips to the Master stopped.

With his son in his arms, Jacob felt more keenly his guilt. He had been stronger

than Mary, years younger than old John.

Why had he not shouldered his son and elbowed his way to the Nazarene? Jacob

brushed the hair away from Timothy's forehead and returned to the loom. This had been a weird

day, with strong winds and dark skies. Old John

had come home and wearily taken off his shepherd's cloak. Shock and deep hurt had filled his tone.

"It is over! He was one of the three they crucified."

Jacob had stopped his weaving. He had thought of nails

going into hands and feet, and he shuddered. How could the

people turn against the man so suddenly?

"His was a triumphal entry into Jerusalem only a few days ago,"he had said.

'They speak differently at the Golden Gate now,"John had replied, shaking his head sadly. "If only we might have taken little Timothy to him before this."

Jacob had sat mute, complete despair filling his heart. How long he had

sat thus he did not know. Old John had left long since, and Jacob had cried his

anguished thoughts into the room. Finally he rallied. He must take Timothy to

his mother for the night.

Mary lay on her pillow, her long hair untended, her face pale. She put her arms out to Jacob.

"Whatever has happened? You look so unhappy."

Jacob placed Timothy at his mother's side. "They have crucified the Nazarene,"Jacob said.

He wondered if he should have told Mary, although she knew Jesus had been sent before Pontius

Pilate.

Improvement Era

"Why? He had no guilt,"Mary gasped. Then she beside his son, Jacob handed Timothy some linen

gave a long sigh. "What a cruel age we live in."She skeins. Linen was never mixed with wool and seldom

put an arm lovingly around her son and kissed him. handled by anyone.

"If- I had been well, we could have reached the "Here are more threads,"Jacob said, as he put the

Messiah."linen into the tiny hands.

"He shall never again make the deaf to hear, the Timothy's left hand clutched at them. A look of

dumb to speak, or the blind to see,"Jacob said. wonder came over his small features. Involuntarily

Mary rested against her pillow. "Perhaps there will he dropped the woolen threads in his right hand.

be another way,''she murmured. With both hands he held his new find, and his fingers

With the same thought in both hearts, they were pressed deep into them.

silent. When Jacob realized that Mary slept, he "Father, are these threads?"he wanted to know.

wearily rose and placed Timothy in his own bed. It did not matter that Timothy did not grasp the

For Jacob there was no sleep. His mind could not explanation. The child knew there was a difference.

rest. Maiy had asked, "What guilt had the Nazarene?"Jacob had made his point.

Jacob thought of little Timothy. Someday he would

be left without father or mother, without support.

Mary had said there might be another way. What

other way could there possibly be? Timothy would

always be blind. He would grow old knowing

hunger and the cold of winter. He would beg as m hat afternoon Jacob darkened the room by

putting down the goatskin in the two windowsJacob had seen others beg. J

Had his own lack of faith kept the boy sightless? by his loom. Again he went to his work.

Jacob's sense of guilt mounted as Timothy's future Again he became confused with his pattern. Again

loomed before him, black and unknown. Silently Jacob he forgot his counting. Tedious hour after hour he

went into the workroom. worked, but his fabric was still far from perfect.

He sat upon the bench before the loom. Here he Was his idea entirely unrealistic? If he could not

felt at home. His father and his father's father before weave without looking, surely he could not expect his

him had been weavers. This wooden construction, son to weave.

with its beams reaching from the ceiling, claimed a That evening Jacob listened as old John repeated part of his life. the news he had gathered during the day. It was said

Jacob ran his fingers over the threads. They felt that Joseph of Arimathea had secretly besought

the same at night as in the day. Countless hours he Pilate, asking if he might take away the body of

had spent here. He could probably run the loom in Jesus. The Nazarene had been buried in the manner

the darkness. of the Jews. He was laid in a new sepulcher in the

In the darkness. The phrase slowly went through garden near the hill where he had been crucified.

his mind. If he could weave in the darkness, why The finality of it all struck Jacob. He realized anew

could not Timothy weave? Was it possible? what this meant to Timothy. Jacob vowed he would

Jacob began to test his idea. In the darkness he work again that night. He would at least accomplish

planned and then worked. After a while he realized the most simple pattern.

that he had forgotten his counting. After hours of With new determination he went to his loom. Deep

working thus, he lit his oil lamp and looked upon a concentrated effort must fill every moment. His unpiece of material he could never sell. In sadness he belief had stolen Timothy's only remaining chance. As

turned from the loom. the father he must open his heart to hope and faith.

He paced forth and back in his workshop. This Within his soul he prayed as he had never prayed.

I-shaped room of sundried brick had been added to "Oh God, give me the knowledge, the skill, the the home in the days of his father. Weaving was a patience to make it so."

craft with which one could make a living. Jacob After beseeching God for help, Jacob ran his fingers

looked at his many colored wools, his woven goods over the coarse wool that would be made into a robe ready for market. He dug the heel of his sandal for warmth. This was the first step of his plan.

into the dirt floor. Steadily he worked through the night. There were

"I won't give up!"he cried. horizontal threads and vertical threads, threads too

How sensitive little fingers were, even at Timothy's tense and threads too loose. All the threads had the

age. Jacob wondered about this the next day as he texture of wool but no color. There were threads,

watched Timothy play with woolen threads. Kneeling threads, threads. {Continued on following page)

March 1967 With patience demanded of craftsmanship and born sat at the loom in the darkness."

of time, Jacob worked all night. Only after the With great fervor Jacob told his story once again.

goatskin had been drawn aside and light from the Old John looked down at the robe with a startled east illuminated the room did he allow himself to look and then a wondering look, as if his mind were moving at his work. from one world to another.

Golden, beautiful, and unforgettable were the mo- "It's a miracle,"Jacob ended. "Even a few months

ments of that morning of the third day. Mary sat up ago I would never have thought of the idea."

suddenly, startled from a long sleep. Before she saw Old John placed his arm on the young man's

Jacob she could hear his voice. shoulder. "Perhaps now it will be easier for you to

understand the miracle, the greatest miracle. It happened this morning. Women from Galilee went to

the sepulcher of Jesus. Two men in shining garments

spoke to them, saying:

BT waken! Mary, awaken! Timothy too can "Why seek ye the living among the dead? He is

is risen.'LJ weave!"Jacob pushed before Mary's eyes a not here, but

L JL. deep red robe. "This I have woven in the "How can it be?"breathed Jacob.

darkness."He explained how he had conceived the "Peter himself has seen the empty tomb,"old John

idea and given it hours of trial at the loom. By using added.

only his fingers he had finally produced a saleable No one spoke for a long while. Then the older

item. man ran his fingers over the woolen robe. "Only the

"God did show you another way,"Mary said Master could perform the miracle of life. Only he

softly. could give you such richness of thought that you might

Jacob's voice was suddenly quiet. "I never thought help your son."

of it quite that way."Jacob touched the garments that he had woven

With Timothy in his arms, Jacob helped Mary into with such pains. Old John's words sounded so

the weaving room. Here the parents talked. For the natural, so full of reason, much more so than months

first time in months their hearts were filled with hope. ago when first he had heard of the Nazarene. God

This was their glorious hour. They paid no heed that had been with him every thought, every thread of

old John was late with the morning's supply of water. the way.

When he did come, they failed to hear his quiet Jacob looked up at the three about him—Mary,

step. Nor did they notice the radiant joy upon his old Timothy, and old John. He took the robe over to

features. He lifted his arm and started to speak, but Timothy and placed it into his hands.

already Jacob had raised his robe. "There is much reason for great rejoicing in this

"Look, Father, look!"Jacob cried. "Timothy may house today,"Jacob said. "Greatest of all, he is

never see but he will eat. I have woven this robe as I risen!"O

Quicksilver Rain

By Marian Schroder Crothers

At dawn the rain tiptoed across With the ivind song's softmuted the roof, minor key;

Shy and hesitant, Now only scattered crystal gems daintily aloof, mark where Yet gently tapping in quaint Its light, quicksilver feet touched harmony here and there.

8 Improvement Era Accent the Positive but Don't Forget the Negative

By Max H. Robinson

Nowadays so much emphasis is placed on the posiit is not to say something. But if the "don't"has been

tive attitude toward life that even the word "don't"pounded firmly into our training, we may think but conjures in our minds a fear bordering on the neurotic. our tongue does not comment. This is a negative

From all directions we are bombarded with the "whataction, but who would say it is not good?

todo,"while the "whatnot-todo"is almost being Then there is our sense of hearing—our ears. How

ignored. interesting it is to listen to the latest scandal or to

Yet if we stop to think a moment, we see how the latest tragedy, but how difficult not to listen, much our character is built on what we have refrained to change the conversation diplomatically to another from doing in our lifetime. Sometimes those acts subject. Sometimes gossip hits the hammer inside the

we do not allow ourselves to perform are just as ear, the hammer strikes the anvil, and off we go—

important as those we allow ourselves to do. It is we are "all ears."And if the "don't"is not firmly

the food we do not eat that reduces us, the words established in our thinking, we don't know what to we do not say that develop our character, the chairs do with the rumor except repeat it to others.

we do not kick that give us selfcontrol. When we Why are we so afraid of the word "don't"? We

ignore the negative part of our education and place skirt around it and plan ways to avoid it; but if we

too much stress on the affirmative, we take away look in the Bible, we'll find that the "don'ts"are just from our acting and thinking a form of checks and as numerous and emphatic as the "do's.""Don't go

balances that helps maintain our mental equilibrium chopping off your enemy's head,"we read. "Don't

and common sense. This applies to our adult conduct be disloyal to your wife.""Don't gather unto youras well as the training and rearing of children. self heathen idols.""Refrain, refrain,"the scriptures

General Mark W. Clark, former president of Citadel implore us.

Military College in South Carolina, has commented The negative is not only important in action (that on Citadel's honor code: "A cadet does not lie, cheat, is, in the physical habit of forbearing, abstaining, and

or steal."General Clark believes a young man refraining )—it is also a vital force in our actual thinkcan go from these "don'ts"to more positive rules of ing and solving of problems.

life. Says he: "If, as a boy, he learns what not to do, Some fear that a negative or questioning attitude

then as he matures the positive values will slowly will reduce our optimism when, in fact, this may be move into place."the only way in which we can face reality and see

It is strange that when we think of the term "negaourselves as we really are. By not stressing the negative"applied to our conduct, oldfashioned words tive form of thought sufficiently, we may lose an

come to mind—expressions seldom heard today—such important quality in our society—skepticism. This is

as "forbear,""abstain,""refrain.""Forbear"suggests unquestionably negative; yet if we do away with

selfrestraint, "abstain"implies voluntary selfdenial doubt, with uncertainty, with challenge, we shall have or the giving up of something, and "refrain"suggests too much conformity and we shall stifle progress.

the curbing of a passing impulse. Of these three, When we are prepared to say, "No, I don't believe

perhaps the latter is the most important. that is right; I shall have to investigate further before

"Refrain"comes from a good family of words. Its I accept your theory of this principle,"we are on our

ancestor, the Latin frenum, means bridle. The bridle way to investigation, study, and research. Who would

may be out of style, but the meaning—to curb and to say this does not mean betterment of ourselves and

check—is basic to common sense, which never goes our community?

out of style. "Refrain"is especially applicable to our The quality and the spirit of a man emerges when

children. There is no reason why their demands he refuses to conform because it is the popular thing

should not sometimes be denied and refused with a to do, when he can see both sides of a question, when firm and positive "No."he studies all angles of a problem, when he listens

To help us refrain from wrongdoing, the little word to both sides of a case before making a decision.

"don't"can very well stand on our shoulder and poke A positive attitude toward life may well be the us every time our tongue, eyes, and ears run away wings whereby we fly, but the practical wisdom emfrom us. bracing the negative values of life is the leg upon

For instance, how easy it is to say of someone we which we stand. We simply cannot afford to neglect

dislike, "She is lazy and stubborn."And how difficult the "don'ts."O

March 1967 By M. Dallas Burnett

Early in 1966 the First Presi-:J dency of The Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints called upon its members to "join in a concerted movement to fight pornogcurb this pernicious evil."r raphy wherever it may be found."And as a key to action, the stateThat call to the battlements was no ment added, "Local as well as fedidle invitation. Pornography, smut, eral processes may be required to

obscenity, or whatever word one stem this tide, and yet such action chooses to use in describing this will come only if an aroused elecmaterial, it is a satanic tool that torate makes its feelings known."

threatens the moral integrity of In order to make their feelings both children and adults. effectively known, it would be

One national organization, Citihelpful if citizens and Church zens for Decent Literature, estimembers were conscious of the mates that the smut business takes current legal status of the fight in two billion dollars annually in against obscene material. The legal

the United States. This includes situation is neither particularly

both the legally obscene material bright nor completely clear, but and the magazines, sold openly on three obscenity decisions handed newsstands, that would only be down by the United States Suclassified as offensive. preme Court in March 1966 have

It is of little consequence whethprovided some guides for those er this guess at the dollar amount who would control smut and poris accurate or not; pornography nography in the United States.

would be a serious problem if it One decision upheld the federal involved only a few million dollars. obscenity conviction of a New York

The money, of course, is simply magazine publisher, Ralph Ginzone measure of the volume of burg. Another, based on the

material that flows from the presses same reasoning, upheld a New and cameras of panderers for York State conviction of a book profit. If you care to acquaint publisher, Edward Mishkin. The

yourself personally with the gravity third decision reversed a Massaof the problem, check the magachusetts court by finding that John zine racks of drugstores and cigar Cleland's eighteenth century novel stands in larger cities. Or better Memoirs of a Woman of Pleasure

still, arrange for some behindthe- (commonly known as Fanny Hill)

Counter purchases at socalled was not obscene.

"candy stores"near many high An important point needs to be schools in America. made before describing the views

When the First Presidency urged of the Supreme Court in these

Church members and "all other cases and in at least one previous right thinking people"to fight one. One of the vital freedoms

pornography, it was intended that guaranteed in the U.S. Bill of

this be done within the framework Rights is freedom of expression, of the law. The statement specified both in speech and through the

that "legislators and civil authoripress. Any attempt to legally reIpmHKWI I

ties in every state and community strict the right to speak or to pubshould do all in their power to lish must be carefully considered

SBHH9I M. Dallas Burnett, assistant professor of communications at Brigham Young

is presently his experience University, has Ph.D. wide journalistic and completing

University. fflillE dissertation is president at Northwestern of the of elders He quorum

1 in the Orem 29th Ward.

Improvement Era

"v - in relation to the free speech heritage.

In fact, there are those on the

Supreme Court who feel that the

First Amendment guarantees are to be taken quite literally. Justice laid down the first comprehensive

Hugo Black wrote in Mishkin vs. criteria for judging obscenity. This

New York (1966) that "the First standard has become known as the and Fourteenth Amendments taken Roth Test. In substance it protogether command that neither vides that material will not be

Congress nor the States shall pass considered obscene unless: New York, or Los Angeles.

laws which in any manner abridge 1. To the average person, apIt should also be added that the

freedom of speech and pressplying contemporary community use of the test, especially in higher whatever the subjects discussed."standards, the dominant theme courts, has generally been quite

Joined by Justice William Douglas, taken as a whole appeals to the liberal. With few exceptions, hardBlack believes obscenity laws are prurient interest. core pornography is about the

unconstitutional. 2. The material is utterly withonly thing found obscene in recent

Fortunately, Black and Douglas out redeeming social importance. years.

are in the minority on the high 3. The material is patently ofWith the recent Ginzburg decicourt and among others who make fensive. sion the court added a new dimenand judge the laws. The Supreme Since 1957 courts all over the sion to obscenity that provided a

Court has said specifically that country have had occasion to use glimmer of hope for those who obscenity lies outside the constituthe Roth Test. In fact, the Suhave looked to the law and the

tional protection of the First preme Court has applied it several courts for assistance in fighting

Amendment. Nevertheless, freedom times since 1957. Obviously, the purveyors of filth. The phrase

of speech and press are basic test itself is subject to varying in- "glimmer of hope"is used because rights, and it is no simple matter terpretation as to what is meant by of the neutralizing opinion handed to decide what is protected expres- "the average person,""the domidown at the same time on the novel sion and what is not. nant theme,""socially important,"Fanny Hill.

This leads to a basic dilemma and "patently offensive."As for the Ralph Ginzburg was responsible

faced by the courts over the years: "community standard,"the court for a magazine titled Eros, a bidefining or deciding what is obhas taken the view that this should weekly newsletter about sex, and

scene and what is not. Both the mean the national community, not a book entitled The Housewife's

federal laws and most state codes the moral standard of any indiHandbook on Sexual Promiscuity.

make trafficking in obscene, lewd, vidual community. This means, of The court viewed the "publications

and lascivious material illegal. But course, that the smaller, homoagainst a background of commerthe rub has always been that most geneous communities of the nation cial exploitation of erotica solely

laws do not define obscenity. can have no higher standards in for the sake of their prurient

In a 1957 decision, Roth vs. regard to obscenity than such appeal."

United States, the Supreme Court metropolitan areas as Chicago, In essence, the court decided

Latterday Saints have been asked to use "local as well as federal

processes"to curb the flow of smut.

March 1967 11 that Ginzburg deliberately and in the Fanny Hill decision, in this cherished right of free expresintentionally promoted and sold which a six to three majority oversion is constantly being abused.

his publications on the basis of ruled Massachusetts and said the There appear to be at least two pornographic appeal. For that book was not obscene. possible legal routes available in

reason, the fiveman majority of Justice Tom Clark's dissenting the fight against obscenity.

the court agreed that the intent of opinion illustrates the disagreeJustice Harlan suggested one in the accused should be considered ment at the highest judicial level his dissenting opinion in the Fanny in deciding obscenity. And because over what is obscene. He said: "It Hill case. He takes the position

of this man's apparent design to is with regret that I write this that the federal law should limit pander and sell sex for the sake of dissenting opinion. However, the only hardcore pornography and

profit, his conviction on a federal public should know of the conthat the states should be provided obscenity charge was upheld. The tinuous flow of pornographic some flexibility in dealing with

court noted, however, that the material reaching this Court and their own obscenity problems.

actual content of these publicathe increasing problem States have "From my standpoint,"he wrote, tions might not have been considin controlling it. Memoirs of a "the Fourteenth Amendment reered obscene under the Roth Test. Woman of Pleasure, the book inquires of a State only that it apply

Justice Brennan, who wrote the volved here, is typical. I have criteria rationally related to the

majority opinion, summarized: stomached past cases for almost 10 accepted notion of obscenity and

"Where an exploitation of interests years without much outcry. that it reach results not wholly out

in titillation by pornography is Though I am not known to be a of step with current American shown with respect to material purist—or a shrinking violet—this standards."

lending itself to such exploitation book is too much even for me. It is In recognizing "varying condithrough pervasive treatment or important that the Court has retions across the country and the

description of sexual matters, such fused to declare it obscene and range of views on the needs and evidence may support the deterthus give it further circulation."reasons for curbing obscenity,"

mination that the material is obThe basic liberalness of the court Justice Harlan has offered a soluscene even though in other contexts on the question of what is obscene tion for the community that does the material would escape constill stands. Questionable material not care to accept the standards

demnation."must be without any redeeming of New York or Los Angeles. The

Although the opinion said the social importance, which means Supreme Court will hear an obexamination of intention and manthat only hardcore pornography scenity case in its current term. It

ner of promoting material was a will be restricted, since there is can only be hoped that Harlan's logical extension of the Roth Test, always a "critic"to be found who position will gain favor among his it should be kept in mind that this will testify that a dirty novel has colleagues.

was in fact a new approach to literary merit or that a lewd movie A second possibility would be obscenity. It came as quite a shock is a work of art. This leaves a vast the acceptance of the principle that

to Ginzburg, who had even guararray of near hardcore material obscenity can be related to the age anteed that if his material failed that no moral person would care to of the individual involved. In other

to reach buyers because of United see circulated in his community, words, laws could be passed reStates Post Office censorship, there especially to youngsters. stricting the sale of obscene mawould be a full refund. There is no question that the terial to youth. There is some

On its face this decision would Supreme Court should be apindication from decisions in the seem to say that all those who deplauded for its willingness to conUnited States that the courts may liberately promote and sell their sider the motivations of smut be willing to make a distinction wares on the basis of their obscene peddlers. The fact remains, though, between what is fit for children

appeal can effectively be prosethat the desire of the court to give and allowable for adults. Youth

cuted by local, state, and federal the greatest possible protection to protection laws may be an answer.

authorities. On second thought,

though, it must be assumed that In the final analysis, however, every mother and father must bear those in the borderline areas just the major responsibility in the home. Under present conditions, the

beyond hardcore pornography parent who makes no effort to guide television and motion picture viewing will now merely be more cautious or who offers no help in the selection of reading matter is gambling with in promoting their goods. the security of his children.

In reality the court has not alCareful counseling about movies and television is a must. And every

tered its liberal stance on what is home should create an atmosphere that encourages mature but wholeobscene. The evidence of this was some reading. O

12 Improvement Era...foom desecet Book...

For good reading... 1 HIGHLIGHTS IN THE LIFE OF PRESIDENT DAVID 0. McKAY

by Jeanette McKay Morrell $4.95

Touching episodes from the eventful life of a true prophet of the living God. Written

with the warm insight of a sister, this book portrays the greatness of his leadership while reminding us of the personal humility and depth of character that have made him so beloved of his people.

2 DOCTRINAL COMMENTARY ON THE PEARL OF GREAT PRICE by Dr. Hyrum L. Andrus $4.95

Some of the doctrinal subjects treated in this volume of commentary are the nature of God and Jesus Christ, man's preearth life, the creation of the world and placement of life on the earth, the fall of Adam, Zion and the Last Days, the divine patriarchal order. Dr. Andrus is professor of modern scripture at the Brigham Young

University.

For genealogy.. BOOK OF REMEMBRANCE BINDER $5.50

Available in white, black, maroon, tan, light blue, and black. Embossed in gold with

the following temples: Salt Lake, Los Angeles, Manti, Mesa, Logan, Idaho Falls, St.

George, Alberta, Hawaiian, New Zealand, and Oakland. Also available without temple.

WHEN ORDERING PLEASE SPECIFY COLOR AND TEMPLE REQUIRED.

Also add 55c postage west of the Mississippi, or 85c postage for addresses east of the

Mississippi.

OUR FAMILY RECORD BINDER $5.50

Available in the same colors and temple embossings as the Book of Remembrance binder.

WHEN ORDERING PLEASE SPECIFY COLOR AND TEMPLE REQUIRED.

Also add 55c postage west of the Mississippi, or 85c postage for addresses east of the

Mississippi.

5 GENEALOGICAL INSTRUCTION MANUAL $2.75

The official guide to genealogy in the Church. Manual complete with filler and

binder. Postage 55c west of Mississippi, and 75c east of Mississippi.

Supplements to the Genealogical Instruction Manual:

Supplement A—Ward Record Examiner 25c

Supplement B—Pedigree referral service 25c

Supplement C—Family Organization 25c

All supplements sent postage free.

FUNDAMENTALS OF GENEALOGICAL RESEARCH

by Laureen R. Jaussi and Gloria C. Chaston $2.95

Get off to a good start on your research—read this book and put the advice of both

experts to work. You'll find their systematic method of research more rewarding and

accurate.

PLEASE WRITE FOR OUR FREE COMPREHENSIVE CATALOG LISTING ALL GENEALOGICAL SUPPLIES

Write to DESERET BOOK COMPANY, 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 or 777 South Main, Orange, California 92669

I wish to order the items whose numbers I have circled

1 2 3 4 5 (a) (b) (c) 6

For binders circle appropriate number, then note Color:; Temple

Total cost of this order is $, which includes 3'/2% sales tax for Utah residents ordering from Salt Lake, OR 4% sales tax for California residents ordering from Orange. All orders for

binders include appropriate postage. Enclosed is a check/money order Or, please charge my

established account NAME ADDRESS CITY.STATE ZIP.

PLEASE SEND ME CHARGE ACCOUNT INFORMATION March Era 67

—butDiarieswhereof yesteryearare the diaryleft keeperslasting influenceof today?

A Record Among You

By A. J. Simmonds

Illustrated by Dale Kilbourn

"Behold, there shall be a record kept among you...."So begins

the twentyfirst section of the Doctrine and Covenants—a revelationthat the Prophet Joseph Smith received at Fayette, New York, on r

April 6, 1830, the day the Church was organized. When the Saints arrived in the

During the remaining fourteen years of the Prophet's life, revelaSalt Lake Valley, one of the first tions continued to stress the importance of record keeping. On March 1, permanent buildings erected

1831, John Whitmer was appointed to "write and keep a regular was the Church Historian's history."(D&C 47.) In November of the same year he was instructed Office.

to "continue in writing and making a history of all the important things which he shall observe and know concerning my church...."( D&C 69.

In 1832 the duties of the recorder were expanded to include "all things that transpire in Zion...."( D&C 85.

Concern with records has marked the entire course of Church history. In the final days before the expulsion from Nauvoo, Willard

Richards and William Clayton gathered documents, journals, manuscripts, and books about the Church and its development. When the

Saints arrived in the Salt Lake Valley, one of the first buildings erected was used for the Church Historian's Office. (It stood on the south

side of South Temple Street, the present site of the Medical Arts

Building.

Not only did the Church keep records; the members were also

record keepers. Wallace Stegner, who wrote a history of the Mormon

trail, was only partially facetious when he estimated that "every second

Mormon emigrant kept a diary."These journals of the pioneers and

early settlers, now found in libraries or private hands, are the source material for the history of Utah and of much of the West. Through the

originals or through copies, historians and genealogists search for names, for events, for places, and for the trials of the pioneers in accepting the gospel and helping build the kingdom in the valleys of the mountains.

How many Latterday Saints keep diaries today? Many men and

women, spurred by the Church's call for increased and more widespread genealogical research among members, have had intimate contact with old records and personal journals. They realize the valuable

information that can be found in the aged entries in a decaying notebook or a more elaborately bound journal.

Far more than just supplying names, places, dates, and ordinance data, these contemporary records also give the color of the times

In the final days before the when the entries were penned. The late Archibald F. Bennett, secretaryexpulsion from Nauvoo, Willard

Richards and William Clayton and librarian of the Genealogical Society, wrote, "We of our Church are gathered documents, journals, a record keeping people. Let your family be a record keeping family."

manuscripts, and books. Most missionaries carry with them a journal in which they can

record what they see and what they experience in the field. Years

from now they will be able to relive the joys, the momentary frustrations, and the triumphs of those two or three years as ministers of the gospel. It is only right that the events of these special years are

recorded and preserved. But the rest of life is important too—church,

family, home, employment, community.

Today we are everywhere assailed by the printed and the spoken word. Newspapers, magazines, radio, television, and motion pictures

record and report our times. But who records us? Who records and

reports our personal lives? This is left to the individual member. The

Lord revealed to Joseph Smith only a year after the Church was organized that "men should be anxiously engaged in a good cause, and do many things of their own free will."(D&C 58:27.)

A pedigree chart is an important record. But by itself it is only

bones. It is the family history, the life sketch, and the autobiography

that put flesh on the skeleton. Brother Bennett wrote:

"Human life is a succession of choices. The decisions reached by

an individual when choices are placed before him determine his character. To endeavor to interpret truly his life apart from the problems

which faced him would be futile. The historical events of his day must

be understood, for they had a direct and unmistakable effect upon his life and achievements. His life must be appraised in the light of these

events, and a knowledge of the encouragement or opposition he experienced from others."(A Guide for Genealogical Research, p. 206.)

Sometime in the future a historian or maybe a descendant may want to know about the individual Latterday Saints of the 1960's.

Sometime a genealogist may want to know the details of their lives.

Sometime a greatgrandchild may want to point with pride to his

Illustrations by ancestor's journal, just as we today like to review the life and times

Dale Kilbourn of our own forebears. But there is a question: Will such a record exist?

O

a man BywhoDerek Dixon knew

In 1837, when the first Latterday Saint missionaries landed in England, a member of the peerage died of typhus in Dublin debtors prison, but his life's work was to go hand in hand with the truths of the Book of Mormon brought by those Latterday Saint missionaries.

His name was Edward King, though for many years he had been known as Viscount Kingsborough. He was born November 16, 1795, the eldest son of the third Earl of Kingston. His

father died in 1799, and Edward succeeded to the earldom and was given the courtesy title,

Viscount Kingsborough.

Though a studious man, Edward was not distinguished by his academic attainments. He

entered Exeter College, Oxford, in 1814, and in 1818 he gained a second class degree in classics, but he did not graduate. Instead, he left the university and returned to Ireland, where

he was elected Member of Parliament for County Cork. But politics was not his forte, and

at the end of eight years he resigned his seat in favor of his brother, Robert.

Sometime prior to his resignation Kingsborough had seen an ancient Mexican manuscript in the Bodleian Library, Oxford, a manuscript that changed his life. From that moment on

he determined to devote his life to a study of the antiquities of Mexico.

And so his work began. He scoured the world for manuscripts and codices of the preColumbian Mexican civilizations and for documents pertaining to postconquest Mexico. As

he collected and compared these ancient relics, he became convinced that not only were the ancient inhabitants of America members of the House of Israel, but also at some time in their history they had been visited by the Lord Jesus Christ.

This knowledge obsessed him, and he became determined to prove it beyond all dispute.

In 1830 he began publication of nine immense folio volumes containing copies and facsimiles of the major items he had collected. Many of the codices were reproduced in their actual

colors at enormous expense. In fact, the whole work was to cost a fortune—his fortune!

The title pages of the nine volumes read: "THE ANTIQUITIES OF MEXICO comprising facsimiles of Ancient Mexican Paintings and hieroglyphics preserved in the Royal Libraries of Paris, Berlin and Dresden, In the Imperial Library of Vienna; in the Vatican Library;

in the Borgian Museum at Rome; in the Library of the Institute at Bologna; and the Bodleian

Library Oxford."

Four of the sets were printed on vellum, one of which was presented to the British Museum and another to the Bodelian Library. The whole work cost $89,600 to publish—a sum so

great in those days that it exhausted Kingsborough's fortune. He became oppressed by debt

until, at the suit of a paper manufacturer, he was thrown into a debtors prison in Dublin.

And there he died. But he died still hoping to prove the visit of the Master to the world of

the ancient American people.

His work was to go on, despite his death. Antiquities of Mexico has become a standard

source for historians. Dr. James E. Talmage quoted from it in The Articles of Faith, and William Prescott referred to it in his epic works, The Conquest of Mexico and The Conquest of

Peru. Few sets of the work are now available, and those that do appear on the secondhand

market are very quickly auctioned off. In order to see a copy, one would have to visit one

of the larger reference libraries. Kingsborough's work lives on, not only as a monument to his

independently acquired belief but as a testimony to the truth of the Book of Mormon. O

16 Improvement Era is for Mother when you bake like this*M-m-m

You're coffeecake, 52Page not just baking FREE Fleischmann'sFabulous Fleischmann's. He'schmanns you're too. baking memories Because Treasury of Yeast Baking.

Yeast... east Fleischmann's Yeast is active, extra 50 great recipes, color photos,

active, it makes your bakings extra high, stepby-step illustrations, hints.

For your free copy, send name extra light, extra good. Of course that great big beautiful coffeecake and address quickly to Box 9,

will vanish in record time. But they'll appreciate. And remember. Mount Vernon, N.Y. 10559.

ANOTHER FINE PRODUCT OF STANDARD BRANDS INCORPORATED "A rosered city, half as old as Time.

Hidden away in the desert mountains of the southWith increasing regularity the questions are being west reaches of the Hashemite kingdom of Jordan asked, "Should our trip to Jordan include a visit to in the land known anciently as Edom are the remains Petra?""Can two days spent for this purpose be

of a city that has no counterpart anywhere in the profitable and enjoyable?"

world. It is the fabled Petra, described by one poet Actually it was largely the prospects of going to

as "a rosered city, half as old as Time."Petra that attracted us to the Holy Land for a third

Situated in the northern part of the great Arabian visit. Although we had long harbored the desire to

desert midway between the south tip of the Dead make this journey back into time, we had had to

Sea and the Gulf of Aqaba, the ruins of this fabulous forego the experience on previous trips because of city, now within relatively easy access of travelers, tight schedules.

are being visited by an increasingly large number of Why so much interest in Petra? There are many

people each year. Petra is, however, well off the reasons.

beaten path of the usual tourist to the Holy Land The city is unique. There is nothing else like it

(180 miles from Jerusalem) and requires two days'anywhere. The remains of some of the massive

time for a satisfying visit. facades, or building fronts, chiseled out of the red

18 Improvement Era its ruins, its antiquities, its access, and its scenery, is its history, which brims over with romance and intrigue. It is a land rich in biblical lore, and its desolate ruins have become a monument to the world,

signifying the ultimate fate of the wicked.

The word "petra,"which means "rock,"is a Greek term. In Old Testament times the mountains were

called Sela (or Selah), which is Hebrew for "rock."

The area was also known as Mount Seir and as

Mount Esau.

Today the range of mountains that cradles the

By Doyle L. Green

Managing Editor Photographs by the author

In making their trails to the high mountaintops (left), early inhabitants of Petra carved thousands of steps in the sheer cliffs.

Entrance into the fabled city of Petra (above) is through a milelong gorge. The colorful sandstone walls are 300 feet

high in some places.

The siq (gorge) is so narrow (right) that it often seems to close over one's head.

sandstone mountains are in an excellent state of city is called Shera. The Wadi Musa (valley of

preservation and are enough to stagger the imaginaMoses) runs through the mountains. Nearby are the

tion of even the most sophisticated traveler. In the Ain Musa (spring of Moses) and Mount Hor, tradimountains there are more than 700 caves that can tionally believed to be the Mount Hor where Aaron

be explored, and although the debate still wages as to died.

whether some of the chambers were dwellings, tombs, The first known inhabitants of the Petra area were or temples, it is fascinating to realize that men have the Horites, contemporaries of Abraham, who been living here since the time of Abraham. are mentioned in the 14th chapter of Genesis. The

The mountains of Petra are not unlike the mounaccount tells of armies that smote "the Horites in tains of southern Utah, although they may not be as their mount Seir."(Gen. 14:6.) The 36th chapter of

massive or extensive. But they are spectacular. Genesis lists "the sons of Seir the Horite, who inThe entrance to the city is through a narrow windhabited the land."(Gen. 36:20.)

ing gorge more than a mile long. This deep canyon, For some time after Jacob returned to Canaan

which is as little as ten feet wide in places, is walled from Haran with his family and possessions, he and by precipitous cliffs that reach skyward to a height Esau dwelt peaceably in the land, but the time came of from 200 to 300 feet. when "their riches were more than that they might

But beyond the unbelievable marvels of the city, dwell together; and the land wherein they were

March 1967 19 strangers could not bear them because of their cattle."'One enters the city through a deep canyon as

(Gen. 36:7.)

So Esau took his three Canaanite wives and his sons and daughters, his servants and herds, and journey northward up the king's highway east of the moved south. Dead Sea and enter the promised land from the east

"Thus dwelt Esau in mount Seir: Esau is Edom."across the River Jordan. So Moses decided to ask for

(Gen. 36:8.) permission to go through the land:

The area and its people next come into prominence "And Moses sent messengers from Kadesh unto the in the time of Moses. The forty years of wandering king of Edom, Thus saith thy brother Israel, Thou

in the wilderness were almost over. The children of knowest all the travail that hath befallen us:

Israel needed to go through Edom, as they were to "How our fathers went down into Egypt, and we little as ten feet wide and walled by 300foot cliffs.

have dwelt in Egypt a long time; and the Egyptians by me, lest I come out against thee with the sword.

vexed us, and our fathers: "And the children of Israel said unto him, We will

"And when we cried unto the Lord, he heard our go by the high way: and if I and my cattle drink of

voice, and sent an angel, and hath brought us forth thy water, then I will pay for it: I will only, without

out of Egypt: and, behold, we are in Kadesh, a city doing any thing else, go through on my feet.

in the uttermost of thy border: "And he said, Thou shalt not go through. And

"Let us pass, I pray thee, through thy country: we Edom came out against him with much people, and

will not pass through the fields, or through the vinewith a strong hand."(Num. 20:1820.)

When they were refused passage through Edom, the children of Israel went to nearby Mount Hor, where a most significant event took place. To Moses the Lord

said: "Take Aaron and Eleazar his son, and bring

them up unto mount Hor:

"And strip Aaron of his garments, and put them upon Eleazar his son: and Aaron shall be gathered

unto his people, and shall die there.

"And Moses did as the Lord commanded: and they

went up into mount Hor in the sight of all the congregation.

"And Moses stripped Aaron of his garments, and put them upon Eleazar his son; and Aaron died there

in the top of the mount: and Moses and Eleazar came

down from the mount.

"And when all the congregation saw that Aaron was dead, they mourned for Aaron thirty days, even all the house of Israel."(Num. 20:2529.)

Following this, the great company of the children of Israel left Mount Hor "by the way of the Red sea, to compass the land of Edom: and the soul of the

people was much discouraged because of the way."

(Num. 21:4.)

But the Lord would not permit the Edomites to disrupt his plans. He softened their hearts and inthe entering the valley of Leaving (above), Petra siq and

amphitheater. into a huge one the structed his people Israel: upon comes Carved

mountain, it has 34 tiers of seats and is said to have seated "Ye are to pass through the coast of your brethren some 3,000 people. the children of Esau, which dwell in Seir; and they

(left) This magnificent facade in the gorge narrow at Petra shall be afraid of you: take ye good heed unto yourthe solid carved out of sandstone and 90 feet high is some

cliff. It is known as al Khanzah, "the treasury of the selves therefore:

Pharaoh,"and is generally supposed to have been a temple. "Meddle not with them; for I will not give you of

yards, neither will we drink of the water of the wells: their land, no, not so much as a foot breadth; because

we will go by the king's high way, we will not turn I have given mount Seir unto Esau for a possession.

to the right hand nor to the left, until we have passed "Ye shall buy meat of them for money, that ye may thy borders."(Num. 20:1417.) eat; and ye shall also buy water of them for money,

It is most interesting and somewhat ironic that the that ye may drink.

descendants of Jacob ( Israel ), who received the birth- "For the Lord thy God hath blessed thee in all the right blessing from Isaac, should be placed in a posiworks of thy hand: he knoweth thy walking through

tion of begging Esau's descendants for a favor. The this great wilderness: these forty years the Lord thy

reply of their "brothers,"who well knew of their God hath been with thee; thou hast lacked nothing."

plight, must have been disheartening to Moses and (Deut. 2:4-7.)

the Israelites: So the children of Israel "passed by from our

"And Edom said unto him, Thou shalt not pass brethren the children of Esau, which dwelt in Seir,

March 1967 21 through the way of the plain from Elath, and from

Eziongaber, we turned and passed by the way of the wilderness of Moab."(Deut. 2:8.)

After Joshua established the people in the "promised land,"the Israelites and the Edomites lived as neighbors for many years. But even though they were

"brothers,"they were not good neighbors and were often at war.

The 14th chapter of 2 Kings reveals that Amaziah, who was king of Judah, went to battle with the people of Edom and "took Selah by war."This account is

also given in the 25th chapter of 2 Chronicles and states that Amaziah "smote the children of Seir ten Inis pavedtimes withpast hugeRomanstones.legions rode along this road, which

thousand. "And other ten thousand left alive did the children Edom was his downfall, as "he brought the gods of of Judah carry away captive, and brought them unto the children of Seir, and set them up to be his gods, the top of the rock, and cast them down from the top and bowed down himself before them, and burned of the rock, that they all were broken in pieces."incense unto them."(2 Chron. 25:14.) Because of

(2 Chron. 25:1112.) this, his own people destroyed him.

In spite of his great victory, Amaziah's venture into Not much is known about the Edomites during this

The mountains of Petra are fantastically rugged. Many side Gigantic fallen pillars give the appearance of huge checkers

canyons leading away from the main valley are honeystanding side by side. Evidences of a number of different

combed with dwellings and tombs. civilizations can be found in the area.

More tourists each year are visiting Petra, which is comThe holiest place on the mountaintops was the place of pletely surrounded by impenetrable mountains. sacrifice, where the priests offered animal sacrifices.

period except that they became infamous for their west, Arabia to the south, and Palestine, Syria, and wickedness, so much so that the very word "Edom"neighboring kingdoms to the north.

became a synonym for sin and debauchery. A numThis was the day when the great camel caravans,

ber of prophets denounced the Edomites, and through "the ships of the desert,"were busily engaged haultwo of his servants the Lord told of the impending ing incense, spices, and other treasures; and the

destruction of this people because of their extreme Nabataeans, pouring in and out of their fortified city, wickedness.

Obadiah is often called the prophet of Edom's Early inhabitants cut away some 20 feet from the top of doom. He records: thiswhichmountainrepresentedto leavetheirthisgods.obeliskThey(oneworshippedof two ononthethesite),top

"Thus saith the Lord God concerning Edom; We of the mountain in the "high place"or "holy place,"as they

thought this was the closest they could get to heaven and have heard a rumour from the Lord, and an ambassathe farthest they could get from hell.

dor is sent among the heathen, Arise ye, and let us rise against her in battle.

"Behold, I have made thee small among the heathen:

thou art greatly despised.

"The pride of thine heart hath deceived thee, thou that dwellest in the clefts of the rock, whose habitation is high; that saith in his heart, Who shall bring me

down to the ground?

"Though thou exalt thyself as the eagle, and though thou set thy nest among the stars, thence will I bring thee down, saith the Lord."(Obad. 1-4.)

Thus the Edomites were destroyed and driven out of their mountain stronghold.

It is interesting that these descendants of Esau were replaced in Mount Seir by their relatives, the

Nabataeans, an Arab people who were descendants of Abraham through Hagar and their son Ishmael.

Although some historians place this date as early as 547 B.C., the history of the Nabataeans can be traced

with some certainty back to 312 B.C., when they

were rather firmly established in the mountains around

Petra. Their impenetrable stronghold was ideally

located on the trade routes between Egypt to the

In their impenetrable stronghold,

Nabateans became wealthy by raiding caravans or demanding tribute for safe passage.

March 1967 23 '* '- ''fit*'became wealthy and powerful from raiding the Lawrence occupied Petra with a relatively small concaravans. Later they demanded tribute as a guarantee tingent of Arabs and successfully defended it against

of safe passage for all who desired to traverse the an army of seven thousand Turks. Using the same

area. Armies from Egypt and Syria were sent to try techniques the Nabataeans and perhaps the Edomites

to destroy them but could not penetrate the mountain had used so long before, Lawrence waited until the fastness of Petra. Turks were crowded into the narrow gorge and then

However, about 106 A.D. the intrepid Romans dishis bedouin troups attacked, sealing off the exit and

covered another entrance into Petra, stormed and casting down stones from the cliffs above. Of Petra,

captured it, defeated the Nabataeans, and made Petra Lawrence wrote to a friend: "... you will never know

a Roman province. The Romans redesigned the what Petra is like until you come out here.... Only

city, as they did so many cities they captured; and be assured that till you have seen it you have not the

evidences of the Roman road, the arch of triumph, glimmering of an idea of how beautiful a place

Roman pillars, and various buildings can still be can be."*

found. Petra later became a Christian city, and in the Within the past year a narrow, hardsurfaced road

fifth century A.D. there was a bishopric of Petra. In has been completed from the city of Ma'an almost to

the seventh century the Arabs again took over, and the beginning of the siq ( gorge ) that leads into Petra,

Islam became the ruling power. The crusaders suband a traveler can make the journey with comparative

sequently captured the city, and the ruins of a castle ease and little or no danger.

that they built can still be seen. There are acceptable eating and sleeping accommoNo one seems to know why Petra was all but dations in Petra itself, and a lavish new airconditioned

abandoned; but following the crusaders, knowledge of inn located near the gorge should satisfy the desires

the location of Petra seems to have been lost to the of the most demanding.

western world. From about 1200 until 1812, when a Our own party, consisting of thirteen members of

young Swiss explorer rediscovered it, Petra existed, a Brigham Young University Bible Lands tour, left to western people, as little more than a legend. Jerusalem in the early morning hours, drove down the

In 1812 this explorer, Johann Ludwig Burckhardt, JerusalemJericho road into the Jordan River Valley, was making the hazardous journey from Damascus to crossed the River Jordan, and, after ascending the

Cairo by way of the south end of the Dead Sea. As rugged mountains of the transJordan area, headed

he traveled, his guide and others began dropping hints south through the land known anciently as Moab. In

of some fabulous ruins hidden away in the mountains. general we followed the route of the king's highway,

Through devious means he influenced his guide to over which Moses led the children of Israel so long take him into the area, and the city that had been a ago. As we saw the hundreds of acres of wheat on

legend for some 600 years again became a reality. the broad and fertile plains, we thought we could

Another interesting chapter in the long history of understand a little better how crop failures in the

Petra was written by T. E. Lawrence, popularly Judean mountains across the Dead Sea to the west

known as Lawrence of Arabia, during World War I. would not necessarily also have occurred in Moab.

We felt closer to Ruth and Naomi.

Standing on the edge of the great urn crowning the temple Entering the great deserts of ancient Edom (or of a Deir (above), Brighamof Young University ed members theBible rugged study west of Idumea) we saw hundreds of camels, some in the lands tour group mountains

Petra. The mountain on the far right is called Mount Hor. It picturesque camel trains, still carrying their burdens

took Hor of Mount on the summit that Moseswas the for the bedouins. At Ma'an we turned west on thepriestly and put from Aaron robes them son on Aaron's

Eleazar prior to Aaron's death. new road and were soon at Ain Musa, a stream

One of the largest monuments in Petra is sometimes called of cool clear water springing out of a crack in a rock, the monastery, or ed Deir (far left), It is about 150 feet the traditional place where Moses struck the rock high, or approximately the height of a 15story building. with his rod and the water gushed forth. Following

Hundreds of gorgeous pinkflowered oleander bushes down the Wadi Musa, we soon came to the entrance (left) beautify the Petra area. to the siq. Here we engaged our horses for the 45minute ride into the mysterious valley and the sites

of the almost unbelievable facades of temples and tombs.

For over 600 years Petra's Writers have said that no matter what you expect of Petra, no matter how much you have read or how location was lost to the *The Letters of T. E. Lawrence, edited by David Garnell

western world. (New York: Doubleday Doran & Co., Inc., 1924), letter 69.

March 1967 25 m.

bassador is sent unto the heathen, saying, Gather ye together, and come against her, and rise up to the battle. "For, lo, I will make thee small among the heathen, and despised among men.

"Thy terribleness hath deceived thee, and the pride of thine heart, O thou that dwellest in the clefts of the rock, that holdest the height of the hill: though

thou shouldest make thy nest as high as the eagle, I will bring thee down from thence, saith the Lord.

"Also Edom shall be a desolation: every one that

goeth by it shall be astonished, and shall hiss at all the plagues thereof."(Jer. 49:1317.)

How literally have the words of the Lord come to pass!

From the summit of a ridge west of the high valley of al Diar, one can look out into the blue haze toward the Gulf of Aqaba and see the copper mountains

A traveler's luggage is carried into Petra on the back of a donkey ridden by a young Arab boy.

Ain Musa (spring of Moses) is a beautiful clear stream of water coming out of a crack in the rock (below). According to tradition, this is where Moses struck the rock with his

rod and the water gushed forth.

much you think you know about it, you will still find more than you anticipated. With us this was literally

true. The siq is so narrow that in places it seems to

meet at the top. The first glimpse of the magnificent

facade that is known as al Khaznah (or Khaznet

Far on), with its rose red columns and statues, is a neverto-beforgotten experience. Protected from the

elements in this narrow gorge, it is in an excellent state of preservation. It is called the "Treasury of

the Pharoahs"because, according to legend, the large stone urn is supposed to contain great riches.

As the gorge opens up into the valley, one is astounded by the fantastic coloring of the cliffs, the number of caves and facades carved into the rock, and the many lovely oleander bushes.

We will not attempt to describe in detail the wonders of Petra. Photographs can do this better

than words. But as we wandered about the ruins,

as we walked through the side canyons and up trails made of hundreds of steps carved into the sandstone, as we climbed to the high place ( the place of worship and sacrifice), as we stood on top of the great urn of the temple called al Dair (ed Deir), we thought of the words of Obadiah, as well as similar ones recorded in the 49th chapter of Jeremiah:

"But I have made Esau bare...."(Jer. 49:10.)

"... Bozrah shall become a desolation, a reproach,

a waste, and a curse; and all the cities thereof shall

be perpetual wastes.

"I have heard a rumor from the Lord, and an am26 Improvement Era...for where the mines of King Solomon were located. He COPYING

can see the desert wastelands through which the children of Israel made their weary way. He can see. -;-:..V.

the desolate and fantastically rugged mountain DUPLICATING peaks, one of which might have been Sinai where the

Lord gave the Ten Commandments; another, Mount

Hor, where Aaron died.

There are dozens of fascinating sights to be seen in Petra. There are thousands of years of history...or

locked up in those mountains and those chambers. But

more important than all of this, and perhaps as an LONG RUNS outgrowth of it, through an understanding of the story of Edom one can see the utter and complete fallacy of following the ways of the world, and the wisdom of listening to and obeying the words of the 10 copies or 10,000

Lord, of seeking out true values and putting them... each copy a

ahead of all else. faithful, detailed

We have read that some people have been disapreproduction of the pointed in their visit to Petra. They have found it original—whether

depressing and sinister. But the thirteen Latterday it's composedtypematter,of

Saints who made the journey in the summer of 1966 typewriting, line decided that these were two of the most interesting, art, halftone profitable, and longto-beremembered days of our illustration—or a

lives. O combination of all

these elements.

6ESTETNER

GESTETNER is much more than an 'improved'stencil duplicator. It is

a highly advanced process that meets the need for quality office printing without dependence on the typewriter for original copy. GESTETNER can

reproduce anything from a ruled office form to a multicolored advertising piece by means of stencils prepared electronically from original copy or layouts. GESTETNER is designed like

a printing press with dual cylinders, printer's style paste ink and automatic controls. Cost? No more than the old

fashioned mimeo.

<3 Send for portfolio of facts, i—

GESTETNER CORPORATION 216 Lake Ave., Dept. 1-33 Yonkers, N. Y. 10702

Send descriptive literature.

Name- -"..,-- * or Firm—

AddressCity- State -Code.

March 1967 27 Repeat of a sellout I JOURNAL OF DISCOURSES now only *59.95

This handsomely bound, deluxe edition is a must for all members who teach or study Church history.

Use Bookcraft's Budget Plan 1. Enclose $29.95 with your order and the first ten volumes will be sent to you

by return mail.

2. Next month, send $15.00 and you will receive eight more volumes.

3. The following month send $15.00 and you will receive the final eight volumes

to complete your 26volume set.

Free Index If You Order Complete Set

Send $59.95 now, with your order for the complete 26volume set, and you will

receive a matching index (valued at $2.95) absolutely free.

Special Offer Also Available At All Bookcraft Dealers

BOOKCRAFT 1186 So. Main St. Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

I have enclosed check or money order in the amount of $

Please send complete 26volume set of "Journal of Discourses"at special $59.95 price, plus free Index valued at $2.95.

of Please the first ten of "Journal Discourses"send volumes at $29.95 Q

special your to I agree plan. on purchase budget purchase eight more

volumes for $15.00 next month, and the final eight volumes for $15.00

the following month.

Name..;...

Address

City, State, Zip

Special offer expires June 30, 1967. Offer good in U.S. and Canada only. BJ367

Teaching Conducted Church Schoolt>ySystemthe

by Ernest Eberhard, Jr.

Illustrated by Richard Brown How Can We Make rs"Out of Our Students?

(Part 1) President David O. McKay once said, "It is not

enough to know what is good; we must do good."

He added that a child who has been taught in a classroom the concept of obedience to parents may still go home and disobey his parents, although he really means to be obedient. The Prophet noted that

many teachers "fail to apply the lesson aim... [and

fail] to show the child how he could introduce the truth into his life—into his life today, not at some

indefinite time to be."

In speaking of teaching gospel truths, President

McKay called upon teachers to open up "avenues for expression, for doing"by the students. Rather than

moralizing on a truth, teachers should be "pointing out the path of action."

The scriptures urge the same perspective upon all men as the basic guideline for their conduct.

"But be ye doers of the word, and not hearers only, deceiving your own selves."(Jas. 1:22.)

"Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven; but he that

doeth the will of my Father which is in heaven."

(Matt. 7:21.)

"For they shall be judged according to their works, and every man shall receive according to his own works...."(D&C 76:111.)

All teaching should be oriented toward strengthening existing acceptable behavior patterns or changing faulty or negative response patterns. This goal is

rather widely accepted among teachers, but its implementation escapes all but a limited number of instructors. In no other aspect of teaching is there

greater need for development of teaching skill.

Let it be said at the outset that "doer teaching"is not simple. As yet we understand very little about

Ernest Eberhard, Jr., director of curriculum, Departof Seminaries, a rich has varied background and ment Four terms are defined that help make a 45that includes of Preston, a term Idaho, and % as mayor

over 30 years in the seminary department. He has

been a bishop and high councilor and is a member of minute class influence the 10,000minute week.

the Church Correlation Committee.

motivation in the field of human motivators toward such a life. The one's personality and character.

behavior. Another problem is the how of living such a life pattern This emotional constellation is

multiplicity of stimuli outside the is contained in the academic or created into patterns of feeling or classroom to which a student is intellectual approach to life. The emotion through the amalgamasubjected. It is difficult to firm why, the motivation to choose one tion of the biaspositive or biashuman behavior so strongly during type of action over another, comes negative experiences people accu-

a 45minute class period that it from the emotional structure of mulate during their lives.

will withstand weakening or alteration during a 10,000minute week.

Group pressures and strong, real life experiences will exert far greater total pressure during that week than the most skillful teacher Although the following explana- A student may have a detailed can generate in a short class pe- i tion of personality formation and complete factual concept riod. Despite this limitation, countand character traits is oversimpliwithout having an attitude toward

less people can testify to the lasting fied, it illustrates in an understandthe concept. For example, many

effectiveness of certain teachers. able and usable way how behavior students have a detailed and facWhat Determines Behavior? The patterns can be altered, strengthtually correct concept of the Godscriptures answer this question. ened, or created. There are four head without being motivated to

One needs only to look at a Bible elements in this developmental use this information in trying to concordance and note the long list pattern. They are (1) concepts, become more Godlike in their own

of references to the heart and its (2) attitudes, (3) personality lives. They can be taught details

role in man's actions. Proverbs 16:9 traits, (4) character. The following of the construction of the ancient

states it very well: "A man's heart definitions that the author gives Israelite tabernacle without having

deviseth his way...."these terms are his own, and he any increase in their desire to

This does not mean the physiomakes no attempt to correlate understand or practice the prinlogical function of the heart them with definitions others may ciple of sacrifice in either its determines our actions in life. It use in the field of educational ancient or presentday forms. They

refers, rather, to the fact that the psychology. Much theory in the can be taught the history of temple

heart seems to be the organ of field of educational psychology is building in the present dispensamajor involvement in our emopresented in such detailed and tion without having any increase tional responses. We use the complex diagrams that most lay in their desire for a temple marexpression that someone is lightand professional instructors do not riage. Their concept of the general

hearted, has a heavy heart, or is even approach an application of architecture of church chapels heartbroken. The statement that the theories in their lesson preparamay be highly detailed without

"as a man thinketh in his heart, tions and presentations. that knowledge creating any desire

so is he"indicates that we are 1. Concept: A concept is a or capacity for reverential worship.

motivated by emotion in choosing statement describing an object, Until students have meaningful, our course of action in life. If, then, condition, or principle. It is reppersonal experiences with their

we are going to influence our sturesented by a symbol, such as a concepts, there is no development dents to live righteously and nobly word. Such word symbols as of attitudes that will influence

in life, we must help them acquire Godhead, church, and temple conduct.

attitudes that will be constant could be called concepts. 2. Attitude: An attitude is a

30 Improvement Era ft Until students have meaningful and personal experiences

with their concepts, the concepts will not influence behavior.

biaspositive or a biasnegative promises to take his son hunting of historical instruction while stutoward a concept. An attitude is and then, for some reason that the dents restlessly wait to bolt out of

the result of definite and adequate boy cannot comprehend or that is the classroom.

personal experience with such a not explained to him, the father 3. Personality Traits: After an

concept as temple, which attitude fails to fulfill his promise, the boy individual has acquired an attitude has been internalized or accepted may be so disappointed that withtoward a concept, he reacts acinto the student's ego organization out realizing it, he develops feelcording to the bias he now feels.

so it is important to him in achievings that his father is untrustworthy Consistent reaction on the basis of ing his goals in life. Without an in other aspects of their relationthis bias builds reaction patterns

attitude, a concept lies dormant. ship. Any later experiences that that persist and influence his lifeThere is no felt need for response have elements common to the time response pattern. These reacor action. initial experience of disappointtion patterns, called personality

The great value of attitudes in ment will likely tend to reinforce traits, determine the type and qualbehavior formation and control is the boy's attitude. Later in life, he ity of character the child develops.

their innate tendency to persist, to may be influenced by this attitude 4. Character: This is the ability

retain their power to motivate. Any structure in accepting or rejecting to live comfortably and producteacher can prove this statement his father's counsel as he moves tively within the framework of the

to himself by noting how his own from boyhood to manhood. society in which a person finds

attitudes—whether they are rational It is in the area of attitude forhimself. The real society of the

or irrational, sound or unsound, mation that much gospel teaching Latterday Saint student is the longrange or immediate—have breaks down in its effectiveness. kingdom of God. This is because

consistently motivated him to Since many teachers do not underJesus constantly put emphasis on choose certain courses of action stand the mechanics of attitude the need to consider what we may and response patterns. Attitudes formation, they are unable to become. Gospel teaching should

are much more powerful than structure their lesson preparation adequately stress this orientation mechanically conditioned responses and presentation so students will if it is to build attitudes that will as determiners of behavior. Such be motivated to internalize the open the gates to the celestial

conditioned responses fade or are historical, narrative, or expository society that should be the sole goal extinguished unless they are conmaterial in the lesson. The instrucand aim in the life of a Latterday

sistently reinforced. In fact, attition fails to show how they can Saint. It is true the student must

tudes may persist for a lifetime introduce the truths into their lives live in the present world and adjust with little or no reinforcement. today. They are given little or no to all of its environmental influThis is true of bad, undesirable opportunity to sense its value in ences, good and bad. However,

attitudes as well as good ones. For their own goalseeking pattern. he should always be aware that

this reason, if students are to beOnly as instruction helps stuhis present environment is tempocome doers of the word, the dents realize their primary life rary and that he should aspire, attitude formation of their lives goals will they achieve the selffirst and always, to citizenship in must be the focal point of all gosconviction or internalization that the kingdom of God.

pel teaching. will create a motivating attitude. Methods and techniques that

Attitudes do not remain isolated. Such an attitude does not result assist and make possible better

They pyramid and "drain"into from generalized moralizations or "doer teaching"and that build other areas of emotional adjustexhortations that a teacher may desirable attitudes will be prement. For example, if a father tack on the end of a class period sented next month. O

March 1967 31 The LDS Scene

America's highest military honor, the Congressional Medal of Honor, was awarded in January to Major Bernard F.

Fisher by President Lyndon B. Johnson in impressive White

House ceremonies. Brother Fisher, now stationed with

his family in Germany, is a member of the Nampa [Idaho] Stake. The first Air Force officer to receive the

medal for action in Viet Nam, he was cited for voluntarily landing his bomber to pick up a stranded American pilot while under heavy Viet Cong attack. Sister Fisher and

their five sons attended the White House ceremonies.

Michigan Governor George intelligence. And those

Romney, former Detroit individuals of greatest worth

Stake president and one of are those with the the leading potential 1968 greatest character and twoRepublican presidential intelligence—[these

candidates, said in a recent qualities being] the capacity

UPI Telephoto interview, published to use knowledge correctly worldwide, "Two things you and to do unto others as can develop of eternal we would have others do value—character and unto ourselves."

Dr. Henry Eyring, dean

emeritus of the graduate school at the University of Utah, was awarded in February the National Medal of Science for 1966 by President Lyndon B.

Johnson. Brother Eyring,

recently reappointed member of the Sunday School general Elder Richard L. Evans clubs. During his year

board, received the nation's of the Council of the of presidential duty, highest honor for scientific Twelve and current Elder Evans has visited in achievement for his president of Rotary Africa, South America, "creation of absolute rate International is greeted in Central America, Europe,

States, United and the Leopold Sedar Dakar bytheory, one during he will March of and president Senghor, of the sharpest Senegal, during a recent travel to areas in the tools in the study of 20,000mile, 12nation Far East and chemical reaction rates."African tour to visit Rotary South Pacific.

32 Improvement Era David S. King, former

second assistant general superintendent of the YMMIA, has been appointed United States ambassador to the Frenchspeaking island republic of Malagasy (Madagascar). Brother King,

a Democrat who served The 100voice singing mothers chorus general board, the chorus was asked to sing three terms in the U.S. of New York and New Jersey stakes for the national radio audience because

House of Representatives, was featured the first three Sundays of of its enthusiastically received performance said, "I will try to make January on NBC Radio Network's "Great at the annual National Association my diplomacy of the Choirs of America."Directed by Sister of Manufacturers convention

peopleto-people variety."Ellen N. Barnes of the Relief Society in December.

Deseret News Photos

Lorena C. Fletcher, 1965 Dr. Harvey Fletcher,

American Mother of the professor emeritus of

Year and diligent Church physics at Brigham Young worker, died January 2, University, will be presented 1967. Sister Fletcher, wife the 1967 Founders Award

of Dr. Harvey Fletcher, of the 150,000member

was selected as American Institute of Electrical and

Mother because of her Electronic Engineers at its qualities of "love of family, annual convention in devotion and sacrifice, New York in March. Brother

loyalty, refinement, and Fletcher, who has been culture."Speaking once of called the father of

her mucheducated family, stereophonic sound, was

Sister Fletcher said, "I also closely associated with have six honorary degrees the discovery of the atomic five sons and a daughter."nature of electricity.

March 1967 33 William E. Berrett

The Era Asks Is the Church Doing for CollegeWhat

The recent announcement of an Q—How does a student know the bureau has recently published a

enrollment ceiling at Brigham kind of education and/or training pamphlet containing information

Young University has caused to pursue? about Churchsponsored schools,

much discussion among Latter- A—This is difficult. Some high where institutes of religion are

day Saint youth and parents. schools give tests to help students located, and how to obtain help

This month we explore in depth determine fields in which they from the bureau. Interested perthe program of the Church for have aptitude, and most colleges sons may write: Admissions Inforstudents not attending Churchand universities do likewise. But mation and Guidance Center,

sponsored schools. Subject of even then young people often do Brigham Young University, Provo,

the interview is William E. Bernot know which field to pursue. Utah. Students should then attend

rett, administrator, Department For this reason, most universities the school that fits their academic of Seminaries and Institutes. enroll students in what is called needs and permits them to satisfy

Brother Berrett, who has had "general college"and give them a their financial conditions and their wide experience in education, is year or two to determine their desires to be near friends, family, also an attorney and a respected fields of interest. We have always Church, and other Latterday Saint

author of numerous Church believed, too, that one will be youth.

courses of study and books. guided if he seeks the Lord's

counsel. Q—Is there a policy that Latter-

Q—What is the Church's philosday Saint youth attend Churchophy regarding education after Q—How can a Latterday Saint sponsored schools?

high school? student going on to higher educa- A—No. However, our Church-

A—The Church's philosophy, comtion determine the school he sponsored schools have built such

ing from the statement, "The glory should attend? an enviable reputation for their

of God is intelligence, or, in other A—The Church has recently estabpromotion of good character and

words, light and truth"(D&C lished a guidance bureau, staffed academic excellence that many 93:36), has always been that every by faculty members from Brigham Latterday Saint students would

member continue learning throughYoung University, the seminary like to attend them, and the Church out life. Today, more than ever and institute programs, and others, wants as many as possible to enbefore, a high percentage of Latterfrom which Latterday Saint stujoy this privilege. But the cost is

day Saint youth receive training in dents graduating from high school prohibitive for some, because it technical schools, colleges, or may receive information about requires them to live away from universities. schools available to them. This home. It is also quite evident that

34 Improvement Era Students?

is taught and discussed all Latterday Saint youth cannot Q—How does the Church achieve Q—What

enter a Churchsponsored school, these two aims for students not in an institute of religion that because enrollments are limited to attending a Churchsponsored a fouryear seminary graduate the physical facilities available. school? wouldn't already know?

Also, the financing of the Church A-In 1926 at the University of A—Our seminary courses are genwill not permit the establishment of Idaho the Church started the instierally survey courses in the four

enough colleges to handle all tute of religion program in which Standard Works and Church hisLatter-day Saint students. courses in religion comparable to tory. On the institute level, as on

Q—Would the Church want to do thosea buildingtaughtadjacentat BYU towerethe givenuniverin collegiatedeeper implicationslevels generally,of religionthe

that even if it could? sity. are discussed. Students have more

A—That would be a difficult quesThe Mormon college youth opportunity to delve into problems

tion to answer. If money were attending the university also met on their own and to make their

available to establish many univerfor social and cultural activities. own explanation and defense of

sities and colleges, I'm sure many This program proved so successful gospel principles. In other words,

members would consider it dethat the institute program was it would be analogous to studying sirable. soon expanded to other schools simple mathematics in high school

But something that we must throughout the western part of the and calculus in college.

keep in mind is that the Church United States. Today we have inmust do things universally. It stitutes of religion at 233 univer- Q—What types of classes are ofwould hardly be fair to establish sities and colleges throughout the fered in institutes?

junior colleges in a few locations United States, Canada, and Mexico. A—These courses deal in depth

if the pattern could not be dupliwith the Standard Works, philoscated throughout the world. The Q—Will the program be expanded ophy of Mormonism, courtship

goals of the Church are ( 1 ) to keep worldwide? and marriage, general Christian

its youth close to the gospel while A—Yes. The Church's policy is to history, and seminars on personal

they attend institutions of higher establish institutes wherever our problems in the area of character learning and (2) to promote marstudents attend colleges throughout development. The number of

riage within the Church by bringthe world. As the number of available courses ranges from half a

ing Latterday Saint students Latterday Saint college students dozen at an institute where there is together under proper social and justifies it in other countries, the one instructor to some forty courses cultural conditions. program will spread. given at larger institutes.—

March 1967 35 tively small classes, enabling a Q—How does the institute provideQ—Is outside work required for

institute classes? rapport to develop very quickly opportunities for worship?

A—Institute courses are conducted between teachers and students. A—At nearly all of our institutes

on a college basis, so some outside Students often visit the teacher where we have facilities, the work is required if credit is desired. for advice and counsel on personal Church has created student wards,

However, students may wish to problems. which have all the regular worship

audit courses. Members of our faculties arsessions of the Church. Some of the

streamlined to meet the needs ofQ—How does an institute serve a rangeviewingmanyand hourstalkinga withday forstudents.interactivities, however, have been

student's cultural and social All of our faculty members are college students. When we do not

needs? trained in counseling. The wishave enough students for a ward,

A—Institute faculty members help dom of their counsel soon gets the Church usually organizes a

students organize such social acaround, and we find our men branch. In places where we have

tivities as dances, dinners, and spending about half their time only 20 or 25 students, we encourparties, which give students opporcounseling students on personal age them to attend the local branch tunities to fraternize. We are problems. or ward adjacent to the college.

it fair to say that the instiespecially concerned with students Q—Iswho have dated little or who do tute program offers some of the Q—Is creation of student wards

not seem to fit into the social actraditional values of a small colan aim of the Church?

tivities of their peers. There is a lege while one attends a big A—Yes, but as is the case with all

concentrated effort to help all university? new wards, the General Authorities

students feel a sense of belonging A—This is true. This is why Lattercarefully and prayerfully study

and fellowship. The recently orday Saint students attending large each request before approving it.

ganized LDS Student Association, universities find the institute virinternational in scope, is the stutually a home away from home. Q—How does the institute prodent's arm for much of the social We find students spending many gram relate to a student's acaactivity. spare hours at the institute studydemic program?

ing, visiting, or in recreation. We A—Well, as you would expect,

if students takeQ—How does an institute teacher try to keep an adequate library some suppose that

help students with personal proband have set up study areas, enan additional two hours of classlems? couraging students to be there as work weekly, they will be kept

A—Most of our teachers have relaoften as interest allows. from proficiency in their regular

36 Improvement Era 1. THE TEN MOST

WANTED MEN THE TEN MOST by Paul H. Dunn

WANTED MEN In this new book, Elder Dunn NINE describes the ten essential traits of leadership. The importance of

each trait is further emphasized stirring examples of its actual GOOD by application in everyday life.

Leaders are made, not born.

With this inspired text as a BOOKS will learn you important Dunn guide, Paul H. that lessons into character mold

leadership. $3.50

2. GENEALOGICAL 3. THE VALLEY OF

ESEARCH TOMORROW >SENTIALS by Gordon Allred by Norman E. Wright ixcitmg contemporary novel

and David H. Pratt marking the beginning of a new

.is outstanding new text has era in creative L.D.S. writing. A

ien especially prepared to help dramatic and descriptive story ake genealogical research more irofound spiritual experience ficient and rewarding. It is a in the'life of a young man inter

mcise, factfilled "how to"ref- *en with a tender and poignence covering all facets of. love story. Realistic, but free

inealogy compiled by two of of the sordid immorality which e most respected authorities permeates so much of today's in the field. This new hardbound literature. Exciting reading with

edition has been completely re- a meaningful and inspiring vised and enlarged. $3.50 message. $3.50

5. DOCTRINE MORMON

4. FOURTH FAITH THE THE TRUE TO

R. Bruce by McConkie YEARS THOUSAND R. Llewlyn by Compiled

all of A of the summary Skousen Cleon by W. McKay

of doctrines fundamental is third the of volume in This book monumental new A in the brief outline gospel best Skousen's Cleon W. the and writings sermons of form. Doctrine""Mormon

series'selling on the Bible. David 0. McKay. President

all explains and analyzes Arranged alphabetically by of the important doctrines The Fourth Thousand Years

Inspiring matter. subject

spiritual counsel from the ofpersonalthe kingdom.study, priesthoodIdeal for coversof eventsthefromdramaticthe timesweepof

pen of a prophet. $3.95 classes, gospel study, talks, David to Christ. Nearly 900

sermons, missionaries and pages. $6.95

seminary study. $6.95

7. MISSIONARY HELPS 8.IGNORAMUSES?ARE YOU MORMONS 9. THE MIRACLE OF

by Robert W. Daynes by Stephen G. Morgan PERSONALITY

This interesting and instruc- A Catholic priest once said: by Sterling W. Sill

tive prepared book was new In chapters, stimulating 52 all ignorare "You Mormons ARE WU experienchelp to new and restoryteller this master don't even amuses. MORMONS You

ed missionaries improve veals people famous how of strength your the know

I intheir performance. The successful, have become purposition."The own

text spired shows how can develop you and how interesting of this pose new attitudes, proper habits and Bro. personality. your own is help to members book

will organization personal Sill self improvemakes their understrengthen in misthe to lead success a enpleasant and ment of Church the standing and field. sion $1.00 riching experience. $3.75 faith. in the strong remain

$3.95

Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 1186 South Main BOOKCRAFT / /

Please send the following circled books which I enclose check or money order in the amOUnt Of $ (Residents of Utah add 3%% sales tax).

3 4 5 6 7 8 9 12 NAME.

ADDRESS.

CITY.STATE..ZIP.

March 1967 37 For Better Health

Try Lyman's Daily Supply Tablets to

FORTIFY THE BEST POSSIBLE

DIET YOU CAN GET

Work, exercise, recreation, along with rest, sleep, and relaxation are all important to good health.

Lyman's Daily Supply are all NATURAL high potency multiple vitamin and mineral tablets.

The use of these tablets can be an important link in the chain of things you do to get and maintain that betterthan-average feeling of wellbeing.

We believe that prevention is better than cure. Why not take everycollege classwork. But in fact we better opportunities, will be more

day some of all the vitamins and have learned that our students'successful in his profession, and minerals that are known to be needed as well as many of those grades are usually higher when will have more sympathy for and believed by nutritionists to be they take institute classes than interest in people than the indihelpful. when they do not. Apparently the vidual who has neglected his

student who keeps his religious religious instruction.

Many people are pleasantly suractivities alive becomes more prised by the favorable results they serious about his total education Q—What provisions are made for

get in a matter of days with Lyand applies himself more vigorousLatter-day Saint college students man's Daily Supply Tablets. ly to his work. He certainly wastes attending a university at which

less time in meaningless activities. there is no institute of religion?

Send for the family size—500 tabAlso, some of the institute credits A—We establish what we call

lets for only $8.95—less than 2c may be transferable to the univerDeseret Clubs. Generally there

for each tablet. The formula will

compare favorably with tablets at sity and apply toward the student's would be at least a dozen or more two or three times the price. collegiate graduation. studentsQ—Who toorganizesform thetheclub.club—stuparticipation in the instidents or other interested persons? NOW is the time to use them Q—Can

through the season of greatest tute program make one a better A—Deseret Clubs are usually

need. teacher, doctor, engineer, lawyer, started by students who desire to

or biologist? organize and who contact our

A—Any professional person soon office. Often they also contact the

Clip and Mail learns that technical knowledge in local stake president or mission his particular discipline does not president asking for help from the

Don Lyman, 2431 Highland Drive, answer all the problems that arise ecclesiastical viewpoint. Our policy

Salt Lake City, Utah between him and his client, him has been to find a Latterday

Please send Daily Supply Tablets, postage free. and society. The greater problems Saint professor at the particular

Ouantitvquantity f, 50imtahtablets. pt $8*-i$1.95"95Qc inhumanlife relationships,concern characterwhich andare collegeas a facultywho couldmember.sponsorAmazinglythe club

best promoted by religious educaenough, we have Latterday Saint

Name.... tion. It has been my philosophy professors at practically every

Address that any individual who has faith university in America. We have

City in God and eternal life will have had little trouble finding active

State Zip

38 Improvement Era WHEN YOU JOIN LDS BOOKS CLUB AND

MAKE YOUR FIRST REGULAR CLUB SELECTION

JOIN LDS

BOOKS CLUB "'i Ik Rook ofMormon NOW. AND

KEY TO CONVERSION RECEIVE BOTH OF THESE OUTSTANDING discourses on BOOKS FOR Latterday Saint professors to look CONVERSION THE HOLY GHOST nwiYQQd after these groups of students. We Reg. $1.50 Reg. $2.00

send a sample club constitution, MAKE YOUR FIRST CLUB SELECTIONS FROM IE FOLLOWING BOOKS which they adjust to fit their needs.

THE TO 2. THE ART OF 3. MEETThe students then file it with the 1. TRUE

THE FAITH MORMONS HOMEin to of by order students bedean MAKING by compiled W$L L. Green Doyle club. college accredited ancome V. Daryl by R. Llewelyn

Randall L.Green

Hoole McKay the accredited, clubOnce may ART <4t ilBeautifully hints Helpful The sermons with lustrated in univermeetings scheduledhold HOMEMAKING everything on writings and of hundreds from cookingsity facilities. 0. of David picphotos and

child to care. inMcKay. An in tures, most

and New spiring work. enfull color.

larged. $3.95 is large Deseret the Club $3.95 $2.95Q—How

program?

A—At present we have 20 clubs. 4. THE BOOK 5. THE MIRACLE 6. J. GOLDEN

OF MORMON OF PERSONKIMBALL STORY ALITY Claude byQ—What are the activities of the adapted by by Sterling W. Richards

club? Mary P. Parrish Sill The inspiring

A—Club members meet rather inWritten in con52 stimulating biography of

formally at least every two weeks temporarylish. BeautifulEng- chaptersmake self thatimanLatteroutstandingday

and in many cases weekly for ly illustrated by provement a Saint. $3.95

luncheon dates or to hear from Crosby.artist Ronald$6.95 pleasure. $3.75

various Latterday Saint professors and Church leaders. Like the institute program, it provides a L.D.S. Books Club, Inc.

P. 0. Box 400, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

Enclosed is my check or money order in the amount of $

March PleaseGhost"sendat the"Keyspecialto Conversion"99c price. Also,and please"Discoursessend theon followingthe Holy

By Thelma Ireland circled book(s) as my first regular Club selection.

3 5 6 4 12 and send monthly reviews. I hereby agree me member LDS Books Club March is a juggler Enroll me as a

With verve and with flair toat thepurchaseregulara minimumadvertised ofprice.4 regular(Premiumselectionsbooksor foralternatesjoining doduringnot thequalifynextas12-a monthsregular

after resign at any time I may free a valuable book bonus Who always has everything 4ClubbooksselectionI accept,or alternate.)I will receive purchasing—a savings4 books.of 20%.For each

Up in the air. NAME

ADDRESS

CITY, STATE, ZIP

March 1967 39 wonderfully free atmosphere for ever, we do not yet have our own Q—In what fields are institute

students to discuss gospel prinfacilities, and we meet either in teachers trained?

ciples. We give each club a course the campus union building, where A—Our men have greatly varied

of study to follow, provide a small it is permitted, or in nearby rented backgrounds. Their undergradulibrary of Church books, and assist facilities. In some cases we have ate studies have usually been in

with monetary needs. rented homes, stores, even garages. liberal education or such fields

Q—Are there institutes of religion Q—Is the institute program deaseducation,mathematics,and English.history, sociology,Most of

or Deseret Clubs at noncollegiate signed to introduce the gospel to them have attended either a schools, such as schools of nonMormon college students, or Churchsponsored school or an manual arts and electronics? is it designed primarily to serve institute during their undergrad-

A—Yes. Wherever there are suffiLatter-day Saint students? uate years and have had almost

cient numbers of Latterday Saint A—The institute program has been the equivalent of a minor in restudents attending any posthigh designed primarily to help our ligion. In addition, nearly all of

school institution of learning, we own students, but as in all of our our teachers have spent two or try to establish either an institute institutions, the doors are open to more years in the mission field or club. In many cities we don't nonMormon friends. In some inintently studying and preaching

have clubs organized at a trade stitutes our students are quite the gospel. In order to teach in an

school; instead, the students attend active in inviting their friends to institute, they must have a master's

a nearby institute of religion. Any join the classes and activities. We or doctoral degree, and most of

student beyond high school age generally have 1,200 or so nonthem acquire it in religion or attending a business college, trade Mormon students attending our counseling at Brigham Young Unitechnology school, beauty college, institutes and clubs in a given year. versity. The result is that when

or school of nursing is invited to they teach, they are as well join our institutes or clubs. In some Q—Would not a proselyting atequipped to teach religion as most

places we have classes conducted mosphere produce problems with college professors are equipped to right in hospitals for medical the academic atmosphere of a teach their disciplines.

students. campus?

A—Yes. Because of this, proselyting Q—What have you learned conSaint is not our program. We treat all cerning the success of the insti-Q—How many Latterday

students attend college today? who enter our door as though they tute and Deseret Club programs?

A—We have in the Church about were one of us and make no par- A—The picture is so good that we

280,000 students of college age, of ticular point in trying to convert can almost give assurance to parwhich nearly 100,000 are in college. them to the gospel. Neither do we ents that if their son or daughter

Of that number, 55,000 attend deny them the knowledge of the graduates from an institute or

Churchsponsored schools, insticlass. As a result, many do wish Deseret Club, he will stay faithful

tutes, or Deseret Clubs. At our to join the Church once they beto the Church, its principles, and

present rate of growth in the income familiar with the gospel. its standards. For example, one

stitute and Deseret Club programs When that occurs we refer them study found that 96 percent of—about 20 percent a year—we will to the missionaries and local bishinstitute graduates who married

have some 67,000 students in ops. In 196566, for example, about were married in the temple. Stainstitutes and Deseret Clubs in five 425 students who had enrolled in tistics show that nearly every

years. institute classes joined the Church. Latterday Saint man who has

Q—You have already noted how Q—How do you acquire institute graduatedadvanced fromto thean instituteMelchizedekhas

Deseret Clubs find facilities. How teachers? Priesthood. The number who have

do institutes find physical facili- A—For the institute program we filled missions is very high. Liketies? select teachers from the high school wise, the record of tithe paying by

A—We purchase building sites seminary program who have acstudents at institutes has been

adjacent to college campuses and quired higher academic degrees most gratifying. Any parent who

construct buildings when the stuand who have both the desire and will guide his student son or dent number justifies it. These the necessary abilities. We often daughter to attend an institute or

buildings provide adequate space assist our men to obtain higher Deseret Club can look with confifor classrooms and for office, degrees and have had no difficulty dence to a satisfying result. The

lounge, worship, and cultural in finding a most capable staff of Lord's hand in the program is needs. At many institutes, howteachers. undeniable. O

40 Improvement Era

Marion D. Hanks. Editor! lame Cannon. Associate Editor March; Ifi

is wide; No wider than the heart

Above the world is stretched the sky;

No higher than the soul is high,"

Bound by the highest of ideals, by rigid disciplines, by genuine and deep love for each other, by an enlightened relationship with God, youth of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints move in a wonderfully high and wide world, as suggested by poet Edna St* Vincent Millay* Here you are, LDS youth! hearts broadened by activities that awaken, that

demand and reward, challenge and develop, satisfy and delight*

Here you are participating in church programs that surround you with warm friends across the earthfriends with different customs and culture but who believe exactly as you believe and live in principle and practice exactly as you live* Here * * souls stretched skyward in an upwardyou are, LDS youth!

reach for perfection, your religious life preparing you for joy life eternal with Heavenly Father*now in all you do and for it is indeed a wonderfully wide world DAnd to such as you*** *** stories aboutand a heavenhigh sky* In this month's issue some people whose lives help broaden and heighten the scope of our world* The Editors

Improvement Era

i HiMiwmiiiTmiiiiiiiiiH,,!

TOKYO, JAPAN... They came from Tachigawa and other military bases to the Northern Far East mission home to hear a

General Authority speak. It was a big occasion! Speaker

was President Marion D. Hanks, also editor of the Era of

Youth. Pictured are: Heather Reynolds, Tanya Hamner, Kenny

Woolsey, Aubrey Guynn, David McNeill, Larry Guilliland,

Clifford Guilliland, Steve Lippert, Kristin Tillotson,

Eugene Kaneshiro, Bob Allen, Danny McNeill, Vivian

Reynolds, Ricky Clanton, Judy Reynolds, Linda Biancuzzo, Shelly Woods, Gene Martin, Sue Petty, David

Wecker, Paul Wecker, Susan Heaps, Dale

Clanton, Sherri Vlaanderen, Sandy

Payne, Ronnie Guynn, Joan Wilson, Carla Wecker, Jay Komotsu, Joe Lippert. V

"None of the members of the crew ever calls me by my name; they call

me 'the Mormon, '"says REBECCA SCHULZE of Manhattan Ward (New York), formerly of Salt Lake City. Becky goes to

Latterday Saint services all over the world since she became a stewardess for Pan American airline's. Many of her fellow crewmen

have gone to church with her. Becky

wrote her mother recently: "The

next question after I say 'Salt

Lake City'is 'Are you a Mormon?'

I am proud to be able to say yes.

Mother, thank you for teaching me the truth and for helping my testimony to grow. I will

hold fast to the gospel of Jesus Christ so that we can be together forever. Love, Becky."

March 1967 43 For the past three years the North British Mission has tried a new angle for getting people interested in the gospel of Jesus

Christ. For that cause the "Mormon Yankees"baseball

team was organized. This year the "Mormon Yankees"

went all the way to the top of the league in winning all of the trophies that were available to them. Pictured are: Back, left to CHRISTINE ANN DIL

right: Doug Bergen, Brother Abbit (manis the eldest child

ager), William McKane, Glen Heaton, of Brother and Sister of T. Dil Whittaker, Paul Wilfred Stephen Sinks, Wayne Zealand Front: Gary New Hill. Auckland, Danny Bjornn,

k Merrill, L eland Harword, Jeff... voted president

1 League Shaw, Kent Poole. Other team of the Girls

members: Tony Jenson, at Church College of

David Lindsey, Jay New Zealand... choChamberlain, Keith sen "Girl of the Year"

Morgan.... voted by the teachers as "outstanding

girl"on an academic and citizenship basis... graduated from

C.C.N.Z. at the age of

16... entered nurses

In the two years training, one of the of Beehive work, youngest ever to qualJULYE HOLLINGSHEAD ify... carried a

of Minersville, Utah, double assignment as has accomplished the feat YWMIA secretary and of earning all of the Sunday School chorispossible 80 honor badges. ter. During all this

She also earned the 22 time she has continued beelines and an Indito live a good life, vidual Award both years. teaching the

She had a 100 percent gospel to some of attendance in her meether nursing friends ings. She is an accomand impressing them plished musician, plays with her high

the piano and the standards.

organ, and is able to con- W-. duct singing. -"ii*

Improvement Era Nineteen years old and a senior at Washington University in

St. Louis, Missouri, is / LOUISE ANNE (ANNA)

SALMON, who was recently elected to Mortar Board, the national senior women's honorary society. * On the basis of her scholastic record, she was awarded

a national honor scholarship, $1, 500 per year for four years. Anna has always been active in church. SUSAN LESTER

has received her She has participated in dance festivals... youth

... and as a Sunday School organist seventh Individual conferences

Award. She has also and librarian. During the past year she

earned Honor Bee, Mia has been president of the M ManGleaner council of St. Louis Stake. She has earned Joy, and Laureate class

seven Individual Awards and is now workawards. Susan is now

second counselor to the ing on her Golden Gleaner requirements.

Primary president [and is also chorister in the Primary and Junior

Sunday School. She participates in drama

(including roadshows), speech, dancing, and sports and is a wonderful example to others in the way she conducts herself in her daily life. Susan

belongs to the Perth Branch, Southern Australian Mission.

-*->- J

/ J

The envelope was smudged, wrinkled, and torn, but after all, it had traveled nearly 8,000 miles from the Philippines to the Era offices. Inside, a letter and two

photographs told of "the grandest affair in recent memory,"a highly successful gold and green ball for "members and guests."Music for the occasion

was provided by the 20member Philippine Navy Orchestra, directed by

Commander Edralis, first cousin to Philippine President Ferdinand E. Marcos. Mention was also made of the floor show

in which the six Latterday Saint Philippine branches presented various dances, ending with American and A

Filipino folk numbers. k

March 1967

LAURA DIANE

LUCAS is a straight shooter all the way. She

has lived 10 of her 17 years in

Alaska and has lettered on the East

Anchorage High School rifle team. She attends

earlymorning seminary in 30below weather, patrols Alaska's fabulous ski hills every Saturday and on many evenings k and hopes to be a veterinarian.

Elder Robert

J. Morris writes

from Taiwan about Chinese youth activities there:

"Being Mormon youth in China is the simplest and hardest thing in the world, like anywhere else. This is

something new here-'a creative synthesis '-in a country that won't be duped by counterfeits or the mere shadow of the gospel light.

"'The times test the youth; the

youth create the times, 'said President Chiang last year. In all our

places to pray and play we know we are that we might be free and happy. There are

more than three Wise Men from the East!"

| - Jf J These girls started a new tradition in their ward in St. George, Utah: buying, planting, and caring for rose bushes on the church grounds. Back row, left to right:

L Dorothy Wood, Christine Sanders, Pauline Gull, Pamela

Blake, Linda Wonnocott, Janet Maugn, Janet Cannon, Sister Barbara

Avery (MIA president), Kallie Cooper, Jackie Burgess, Connie McArthur, Mary Lee Nakai, Rexine McAllister,

Celia Colton, Carol Ann Barton."Front row: Sister

Frank Judge and Sister Mike Jorgensen, teachers of the girls.

46 Improvement Era STEPHEN EARL was chosen to represent Nevada at the American Legion Boys Nation in San Jose (CaliWashington, fornia) 4th Ward youth D. C., where

put on a threeact play, and he was elected parents, the MIA youth leaders, senate parliaand the ward membership in general mentarian. He

gained an appreciation of what an activity is a priest in such as this can do to develop the talents and conf i- the Las Vegas dence of the young people. "Makingup"was part of the fun. 6th Ward, and

has been president of his second and third year seminary classes.

He is a state champion in debate and oratory, a student leader, and an honor roll student.

Miss Indian

Arizona of 1966, MARIE ANN NELSON, is a fullblooded Navajo and the oldest of nine children. Her r Indian name, Nena-

haasbah, translated means, "Soldiers came, back from war. "Marie Ann I

and her family became mem- * bers of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints in 1953 at Parker, Arizona, where they still reside. She represented her race at the Encampment for Citizenship held

in Berkeley, California, and presented the twentythird psalm in both the Navajo and English languages as her special talent number. She was

sponsored by the Arizona State Fair Commission.

March 1967 w

IN

ut) H TJ0O8 30- 7 d insts.nta

e no* bTli tHe S'didbetttjiA.brighli8?SitdeP

bus and *#;:, str lg son t:x>s>.m? **; 30 6

j. Iked * sanaitare- t fem u)0 1 tem\.1 oPe 'ide

to w u.ears o\ fe?<*H e iO'>;>

>irl idTonls itH - a L aTrV t am tH\idren- ** w* lT\iVsi botn> i* u>H* siglon trie"-- v)ere. one ormal reon i n a tn 1- 4 rom tKe an* en n eH 1 tning 8 JO*pKat'1,18*8

',! ius* lent; ton ige u)ere ffproP"tHe strtt s. that t oa11'3"nt vv",ardttT aa itH +.oU)t; to ing \l?&>A trnet anc tn xjoas **PvyileaiiW te<> j theiam'fam turnall iT, xtne*'. ner- T nVtH *;one mV des > >atedW beSure oi mV;#ced>g TTV'ore Godall jhet A tHen T epea:;

'prop 'efa, le Ho10 s temP aTltrne i. ca;rto;e?:;auoi tHing 1 a anda aicko\i uonldU rrion meeoPlee orT, uos He did H 0- id He sv pa

in n me mOs0 rk t0 iatHer; X bes* 1 Wevi ter, tH 8LHoUld

'< d0 to *? Jjer i* etle<tesd'-tied Veaadd Kirlg

X i ***** rclo'thftt MJT<S1a)itla c0ui * Jess rned nuo l% ioX tHat 1 iW*\%i* th>l frcH eT beU i'eri C!l ePe 'flA- * oiJT. a*ftotnP poi en 'catrtt en# l rrkefHe tI hae tHee g'last cH'thene Ut u)a8

Sa',tnts-. t trUe. tHa\ as >att on tne

i*>r.-M: but -msetloser to

* ngbtbron Z\o anc Tctnr1ae< tHat By Patricia Byrnes 0r,ce a sixteenvparr ih, te book 8 shea Jh. "a feo ed "J 7* As * ni she deep|y- lay Tftf in bed sn? to 'in her a* amazement, mind the I"mean What T? She '"* had ad and sometlll crt*8 said PaWarchal. no U>ngf crUd-,n suddenly hlessing seemed tn f she wanted She found* h* d WantefltohWJ * da otto f rd HaC 'And so ca

the Tine: 8ucHf t;mPle days f r life,

roa d"Z,V! many eb, Se,freP tears: but thro

felt S6 uT a days deep she inner ful h Htl nesT * is tOrtng, She i trying knew at harder she was tHa than\h 'itM emed to put ** ev togctHer >h the* A God Her no new a<V*arrie s hands, feeling,J iTs ht etern was aitudes. much? r Life e mo 1 oeautiful,&?uftDPrm and tntf it she with was love. filled that th W U

Though now she has allowed of herself tto lose, the force she much had then forgotten She has J? not those days.

/f you were to talk to th"she 5""'nW would perhaPs tell you thiT th thers'e same advice)- hav given "con "dcc Pnnc/piesforyouVser'51 '5 1.<fi>S> lot;c V<>ur -t ''n experience, 'Christ's,rj sr s principlesDrin.', willS3y work.'from itH hi* 1"1 a'7tvjctft* u7h'".Id to

to )0r eu crla'a

an0.

oor a a.a a aajaQQra * VAVV.OLM.'.'JiiM.- a a "aaaaaaaaa a Oi a

aa"aBaa - JSBT a a a a a 9 a, a \!.w-:* B) ** * * s #* B)a * #* m ajar*ajjlt < * a * *

- * a a a * aaa a a a a a a m a aaa aaa'a aaaaaaaaa*a-a a a a -.*a a a.aa a a a a a feaaaaaaaaaaaa* a * a a a a * a"aaaaaa a a a

a a a a"a a a a a a""aa a'a::::"'aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa*aaaaaaaa

. - a a a. at Mmi- * r ft a ta *.

a a a a a a a.

a a 'a. a a a a

a a aa a m a aaa a a:M aaK a aB * a

i a a a a a a a a a a a a a a jOCK a a a "> * a a a a a a a a a a * M. a a a a a a a a a a * a aaaaaaa a a s a a. aaaaaaaaa a a a a a a a Kjl ';. a aaaaa-a i a a a.. i a a a a a a a ijtl JaC* * www.. a a a i a a a a. atTaT a. *"Ta) *. *JUO*JxjLM a a a a DT*.. a a a a i a a a jaTTi * aril a a. "Or

* a a aHl aaaaaaaaa a. i tb OOCITaa v.wv.M a a a ana a aaaaaaaaa a a a a a ijfi a a aaaa aaaaaaaaaaa*....a i aaaaa ->aHa a a a a a ajatm aaaaaaaai a a a a aaa BBBaaaaaat 1 a a a a a a "* aaaaaaaai a a a a a aa a a a a OOOOOL."a i a a a'JUUUL* a a.. OuOulx..aaaaaaaa aaaaaaaai m a a a a a a ij, aaa aaaaaaaai a a a a a a a m aaaa aaaaaaaai * aaaaaaaai k m a a -".w.'.O a a a a a *"a * a a a a i a a a a. a a a a a a R

i * a a a -a a. a a a a a a a a a a a a

; a a a a a a a a a a. a a a a*l "a a a

a a a a a i a a a a a a a a i i a a a a a a a a a < - a a a i a a J.& a a a a a a a a a * a a a a a a

i a a a a a a a a a a a. 'a a a a a a a i a a a a a

a a a a fc i aaaaaaaa.. aaaaaaaaaa

. a a a a a a a a B.. a

"a a a a a a a

i a a a a a a a > a aaaaaaaaaa i a a a a- a a a a a a a laaaaaaaaaaaa... a. a a a a a'a a a a a a aaaaaaaiaaaaa

. s a a a a,a a a a a <r a aaaaaaaaaaaa* a a a"aaaaaaaaa a aaaaaaaaaa a a a a a a a aaO * * kjuOoC*iervw:::::::::::::::::::}{r:::::;::::::::: BRUCE CHRIST a a

a a a a a a!v. Executive Iv.v.v. reta '. Sec a a a a a

a a a a a *ittiderit>Pfesiderit>>X\/\\\\v.\\\VV.\\\\%*AIWaVW,a a a a a a a a Affairs 'aaaaaaaaaAcademic aaaaaaaaaaa a. a aaaaaaaaaa. aaaaaaaa m * a aaaaaaaa. a a aaaaaaaaaaa a. a a aaaaaaaa a a >, e a*aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa a aaaa

aaaB**<a>a*aa*aaa i m % a a*aa*a*<a aa * at "IJ* amm* ar* * * * a a a a a i * '* > '*.*# a a * >.>...a"****""*****"a *.a. * a * aaaaaaaaaaa a * a a a M * * * a a* flnTlJk\MJBJl -1JB ri a-h m aaa

ro a aJQa AS'.'.Va-.VN

aiS'a'.'aXjaDC"* ana

a a'a a > a- a a 'aaaaaaaaa a a 'a a:a a a a a D a %.aa aaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaa*a a a-*aa..a. a a11 a a a aaaaaaaa a a a a a a a a a * a aaI a a a a a a aaaf a lXa a a a a a

I;.a a a a a) a a a a a aaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaa aaaaaaia Va""a a a a a a a *aaaaaaaaa. l a m * a aaaa a a a a a a a

a a a a a a m

'aaaaaaaa.* -\. a a a a a. a a a a aTl a a aaaaaaaa!*.'.".V>. -J aaaa*aa. a aaaaaaaaa.-".m%'-. aaaaaaaaaa*. a. >aaaaaaaaaa.

a. a - a a a a aa,a ijl.aa a a a a aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa

a aaaaaaaaaaa a aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa a a a a - 'a a a a a a

aaaaaaaaaaa a aaaaaaaaaaa*aaaaaaaaaaa a aaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa*a *

a a a a

a a * aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa,. * a aaaaaaaaaa.aaa* a a a a a a a aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa a a a a a a a a a a aaa aaaaaaaaaaoaaaaa aaa |TjLJ'a a0mi$am* a a a a a.a a a'a aa. a a a.a a a a a 'a aaaaaaaaa M Va a a

a a a a a a a a c aaa a a a a a a a a a aa>;vvTTI a aaa aaaaaaaaaaa a *T B aaaa aaaaaaaaaaa aaaa a -a a a a a a *a#Baaaaaaaaa;aa aaaaaaaaaa asaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa a a * a a a a a a a a aa aaa a a * aa*'aaaaaaaaaaa a- aaaaa. aaa aaaaaaaaa a a a a m a a a * a aaa aaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa a ataaeaaaaaaaaaaaa a a a'a aaaaaaaa-a* a a a wa*waiwa>aia] aaaaaaaaaa - a a a * a a a aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa--<*>aw>:->>:-?v aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa a. a- a a a a a a a a aaa aaa a aaa aaa aaa aaaaaaaa.a a a a aaa.aaaaaaaaa -aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa a a,aaraaaaaaa a * \ViimT+\i*mmliTiim\*''aaaBecutive Secretary of assistant to Execu -ijr*a>-*aa...aaaa.aa

* * aaaa il ll 1111 *Hi i t a hire;;Re:labris libhs 'a. a- a a a a a a a a a a, arjal

a. * aja Ma - M aaaaaaaa* a a i a a jB jKZm a*******'** v m a a a a a

a a a a"JfJa*"B "aavajvaaaaaaaaaai a aaaaaaaa>. a- a a a a t aaaaaaaaa a(aaaaaaaaaaaI a a a m- a jaifc"a a aaaa a -aa a a * * * * a> aCOwaX.*:.a a aa.a aa a. aa aaaaaaaaaa aa a aaaa a aaaaa a. a a a. aaaa *m a a a a * a * a aJajLBa

w

Dan Chidester: / think it is important in establishing a friendship with a person to understand him

and his problems and take these things into consideration. However, I think we should always

maintain our own standards and goals and not make Thisof a isdiscussionthe continuationbetween andstudentsconclus weak concessions to anyone. at the College of Southern Utah

on the subject, "What are the Sterling Church: Are you saying, Dan, that you Keys to Good Relationships."The first

part appeared in the January 1967 Era of Youth. think one valuable asset is to be able to compromise

with other people and yet maintain certain stanand understanding is respect; and to be a leader, a

dards so that they will come to respect these person must be respected.

standards?

Lee Hofeling: As I think about leadership and the

Dan Chidester: Right. responsibilities of a leader, it appears to me that the

Steve White: But we shouldn't try to change everymost important thing he must do is define his goal

body we meet. We should appreciate them for what and begin to work toward it. Usually we need people

they are and for the good they possess. to help us achieve our goals. And the best way to get them to help us is always to extend to them—

Gayle McKeachnie: J agree with Steve; but on the no matter how familiar we are with them as friends

other hand, we shouldn't try to change ourselves or associates—the same rights, courtesies, considerto get along with everyone else either. For example, ation, and loyalty that we require from them.

I don't think Christ changed his standards to get along with everyone. There were other things that Mervin Adair: They also need to understand that if

were more important to him than just getting along they don't want to change to our way of life, our with people. friendship is still the same.

Mervin Adair: Since we're talking about the Savior, Gayle McKeachnie: One of the best ways we as

I would like to make a comment. One dynamic leaders can make friends and loyal followers is to

attribute he had was that he always looked for the take others into our full confidence, give them our best side of people, and this is what I'd like to do. complete trust, and let them know that we trust

They say people will eventually become what you them. This brings out loyalty in others and really

think they are. cements firm friendships.

Dan Chidester: We should realize that everyone is Sterling Church: I'm wondering if, in our relationan individual. However, there are certain things ships with others, we actually try to incorporate

on which we should stand firm and not change to the things we've been talking about. In other words,

go along with those who are different from us. how successful are our relationships with other

people? Do we feel that we are truly successful?

Mary Lynn Rodriguez: We have an opportunity to

be an instrument in the hands of our Heavenly All: Of course not!

Father, to be an example of the things we believe; Lee Hofeling: Sometimes there are heated discusand through the beliefs and standards we uphold, sions among some of us about policy and things

we can best serve our fellowmen. that should be done. I have to continually ask myGayle McKeachnie: / think this is the basic differself the question, "Is holding to my stand and takence between a leader and a follower. A person ing the position that I take contributing to the

cannot be a leader unless he can convince other solution, or am I making the problem more difficult people to change their ways. But he is not a leader to solve?"

if he forces his way.

Mervin Adair: / believe that the key to success for

Bruce Christensen: If we do compromise our stanany leader is a clear, wholesome personal philosophy

dards, we are not going to have real friends, and of life. It shouldn't be so rigid we can't grow, and

people will not respect us. A basic part of friendship yet each of us needs a clearcut personal philosophy.

March 1967 51 3V*

-<<V AS

ff a-

V- r V%& A> J*?<3 < VvO< tf\y

"S&jfffc&v

\fy

.e

<=>*> p>

x?SVHailfsii

3& * <O /a>v

<fi

i <%o<

March 1967.X-

An African Adventure

by Rendell N. Mabey

President, Swiss Mission

I N MY life I have had the "Is Salt Lake City beautigreat blessing of traveling ful?"she asked.

widely over the face of the "It is a very beautiful city,"earth, including several safaris I replied.

and a number of visits in She said, "Have you ever

Africa. seen the Mormon temple?"

Once in Northern Rhodesia "I walk by the temple al- (now known as Zambia) I met most every day,"I said.

the chief of police of the city She asked, "Have you ever of Lusaka, who had learned been in the temple?"

that I was interested in col- "Yes,"I answered, "I have lecting a roan antelope. He been in the temple many

arranged to take us in several times. I am a Mormon bishop."

jeeps to a ranch about 100 Tears filled her eyes. She

miles away where we might arose, ran into her bedroom, find a roan. and returned shortly with a

It was a hot, dusty, sultry day, and the going book wrapped up in a silk scarf. It was a Book

was very difficult on the poor roads. Toward eveof Mormon. She told me that many years ago

ning, still a short distance from the ranch house when she was a little girl in Capetown, South where we were heading, our jeep broke down. The Africa, her mother had studied with the missionyoung ranch foreman came to help us, and we aries but had not joined the Church. The young

arrived safely, to be greeted at the ranch house by lady, however, later did. After her marriage to a

his young bride who immediately offered us a welNew Zealander she had moved to this ranch. She

come drink. "We have anything you want except had not seen a member of the Church for a long,

water,"she said with a smile. "Water is very danlong time, and she was overjoyed that I had

gerous to drink out here unless it is thoroughly come.

boiled.""I'd prefer an orangeade,"I said. There we were—the only two Mormons within

By noon the next day we had a fine roan antelope. a thousand miles—and we had met on an isolated

After a lovely meal prepared by the young lady of ranch in the darkest part of Africa.

the house, I sat alone with her at the table, talking. Once again I learned how important it is that

She said, "Mr. Mabey, where did you say you are we always live our religion. If one wanted to hide

from?"from his religion, I suppose he could not find a

"I am from Utah, but most people in Africa don't better place than in central Africa, and yet, there know where Utah is located. Utah is some 700 miles I met a member of the Church.

inland from California."The world is not big enough for any member

"Yes, I know,"she said. "What part of Utah are of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

you from?"to find a place where he can hide from the re-

"Salt Lake City."sponsibilities of his membership.

A SERIES OF MESSAGES TO YOUTH

What does m silence look The Church A/loves On ike?

Silence is a Bigelow carpet called tightly woven to take the constant wear

January 1967 Cord ridge? of feet for years and years.

It absorbs floor sound and creates Bigelow has or can customcreate

A program has been approved an atmosphere of hushed serenity. the perfect carpet to suit every type of

by the First Presidency and Cordridge has a beautifully dischurch or auxiliary building.

and the Council of the Twelve that tinctive tree bark texture in any of sixAs America's most experienced will provide in home teaching for: teenhandsomelycolors. Itsto specialthe decordesignof today'sadapts carpetmaker we've done it since 1825.

1. A monthly general ward priestnew Mormon church buildings.

hood meeting to be held on the last Its 100% Bigelow Approved conSunday of each month for the first tinuous filament nylon pile is dense and Bigelow months of 1967.

2. A stake priesthood meeting in

the first quarter of the year devoted to home teaching, following a Preserve the Inspiration of program outlined by the general committee. The Improvement Era

New stake presidency susIn Beautifully Bound Volumes tained: Alpine (Utah) Stake,

President Leland F. Priday and The Mountain West's finest bindery and

printing house is prepared to bind your counselors Reid C. Burgess and collected Improvement Era's into fine

Alvin M. Fulkerson. hard cover volumes. Mail or bring the

editions you wish bound to the Deseret

The appointment of Nedra News Press.

H. (Mrs. Arthur H.) Strong 12 issues in hard cover $3.90. Advance

to the general board of the Pripayment must accompany all orders mary Association was announced. Please include postage if volumes are

to be returned by mail.

New stake presidency susAdd $1.00 if Binding is to be billed.

tained: Salt Lake Stake, Subject to Utah State tax where applicable.

President counHeslop M. and J

POSTAGE RATE FROM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH selors Neil Schaerrer D. E. Jost and

Zone 5 i.qj

Madrian. 1 & 2 68 6 1.28

3 75 7 1.50

The appointment of Joyce 4 88 8 1.73

Nelson to the general board of the Young Women's Mutual IERET "

Improvement Association was announced. O

1600 Empire Road Salt Lake City, Utah

March 1967 57 JOSEPH

, Popularizer by Milton V. Backman, Jr.SMITH

During the past few decades intellectual history has experienced a birth and a flowering. Recognizing

that men are motivated by their ideas, many scholars have attempted to reconstruct the dominant trends of thought during various epochs, and after exhaustive research they have endeavored to determine the origin of men's ideas.

Intellectual historians generally conclude that few men are creative thinkers. Most contributors to the

realm of thought have formulated ideas that were based primarily upon the teachings of others. Many

leaders of mankind, recognized among the world's most influential thinkers, are often considered popularizers or organizers rather than originators.

Modern historical concepts have been applied to an interpretation of the origin of The Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. Most contemporary

nonMormon historians contend that Mormonism is a product of the times. These men argue that the major

orthodox and liberal theological concepts of the early nineteenth century flourished in western New York.

They maintain that the writings of Joseph Smith, including the Book of Mormon, reflect the cultural, political, and social ideas of his age. Joseph Smith's

teachings, they allege, are based not on revelation or translation but on his own experiences.

This current nonMormon interpretation of the origin of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints has been accepted by some of the most celebrated scholars in this country after a superficial comparison has been made of the theology of the

Restored Church and the trends of thought in the early nineteenth century.

It is true that some precepts taught by the Prophet were being taught and popularized by some of his contemporaries—one precept here, another there—such

as the reality of Christ's atonement; the millennium; that the Restoration was a "restitution of all things

baptism by immersion; the free agency of man; revelaspoken of by the mouth of all the holy prophets

tion; a communal society; criticism of the allinclusive since the world began."Doctrines that he unfolded

and infallible nature of the Bible; and recommendation were true ancient beliefs and practices, some of which

of nonconsumption of liquor and tobacco. had been preserved in one form or another by

There are many explanations for similarities in some mankind.

of the teachings of the Prophet and some doctrines Since other Christian denominations based their advocated by others. The latterday Prophet averred teachings on the principles taught in the scriptures,

58 Improvement Era... or Restorer?

these groups proclaimed many truths. We can believe that the Lord caused many people to concern

themselves with teachings and doctrines that soon were to be reintroduced in their fullness by the

Prophet Joseph Smith, because if teachings of the new Church could not have been defended on the basis of biblical tenets and if all its doctrine had been unique, early missionaries might have enlisted fewer converts.

Latterday Saints did not then nor do they now have a monopoly on truth. Truth is the common right

of all mankind. The blessing of the Prophet's pronouncements was that here was a source of pure truth

not mingled with falsehoods and the traditions of men.

Although the doctrines of the Church are clearly expressed in the various writings and revelations recorded by the latterday Prophet, Joseph Smith did not produce a comprehensive description of the tenets of Mormonism, nor did he write an elaborate apology of Mormon theology. The Articles of

Faith were written at the request of a nonMormon and primarily indicate the LDS position on controversial theological issues of the early nineteenth century. Unique doctrines in the Articles of Faith are

the expressions on the Book of Mormon, the Zion concept, and features on the organization of the Church.

Friends and enemies of the Prophet were well aware that many of the tenets taught by Joseph Smith were distinct theological contributions to early nineteenth century thought.

One of the most significant contributions of the

Prophet was to restore to mankind a correct understanding of the nature and mission of the Godhead.

The dominant beliefs of the Christians in America in the early nineteenth century were expressed in four

Christian creeds. The Augsburg Confession (1530)

was a creed embodying the beliefs of the Lutherans; Catholic view by declaring that God is a spirit,

the Westminster Confession (1647) was a guide exmeaning an immaterial being. Expressing the definipressing the theology of the Presbyterians; the Savoy tions adopted at Nicaea in 325 A.D., they stipulate

Confession (1658) was the Congregational standard that the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost are one in of faith; and the Thirtynine Articles (1563 and 1571) essence or substance. All major religions in America

contained the doctrines held by the Anglicans and the at the time of the Restoration, including the Baptist,

American Episcopal Church. The definition of God Methodist, and German and Dutch Reformed

recorded in all these creeds reiterated the orthodox churches, accepted this concept.

March 1967 59 Dr. Milton V. Backman, Jr., associate professor ot

history of religion at Brigham Young University, acquired his Ph.D. at University of Pennsylvania and

is published widely in studies dealing with early American religious thought. He is presently a seventies

president.

It is true that some precepts of the Prophet were also teenth centuries denied the orthobeing taught by American contemporaries... dox view of the Trinity but

retained the belief in the divinity of Christ. Most of the Unitarians

Prior to the revolution in Engchurch this heresy of immaterialof that age were really Arians, land in 1688, few men had dared to ism, this masked atheism, crept in."claiming that the Father and Son

criticize this doctrine; but with the But, he reasoned, "Jesus taught were distinct beings and that both

passage of the Toleration Act of nothing of it. He told us indeed were Gods. William Ellery Chan1689, a more healthy environment that 'God is a spirit,'but he has ning, recognized as the "Father

for constructive religious inquiry not defined what a spirit is, nor of American Unitarianism,"aptly prevailed in that country. Cousaid that it is not matter."Jefferstated the Unitarian position at the

rageous reformers extended their son couldn't comprehend the time of the Restoration:

rights to challenge the traditional Protestant belief that nothing "The word, Unitarianism as deconcept of the Trinity. Arians, makes something. To accept the noting opposition to Trinitarianism

Unitarians, Socinians, Deists, and human souls, angels, or God as undoubtedly expresses the charother liberals of the Age of Enimmaterial was to say "they are acter of a considerable part of the lightenment assailed what they nothings, or that there is no God, ministers of this town [Boston] considered an illogical concept. no angels, no soul."1 and its vicinity and the CommonThe movement infected the AmeriAnother materialistic philosopher wealth.... We agreed in our late

cans during the Revolutionary era, of the Revolutionary generation, conference, that a majority of our and at that time, many American Joseph Priestley, argued in his Disbrethren believe that Jesus Christ intellects began to reconsider'their quisitions Relating to Matter and is more than man, that he existed religious beliefs. Spirit that a belief in a nonmaterial before the world, that he literally

Rational deists concluded that realm of being implied doubt of came from heaven to save our race, the Christian belief of the Trinity the existence of a Creator. "To that he sustains other officers than

was a mathematical inconsistency, say that God was a spiritual being those of a teacher and witness to held to the view that there was was to say He might be everywhere the truth, and that he still acts for only one God, and rejected Jesus at once, and this was nothing but our benefit and is our intercessor as the Savior of mankind. "Three a cowardly rhetorical way of statwith the Father. This we agreed

are one, and one is three; and yet ing that God really existed noto be the prevalent sentiment of our

the one is not three, and the three where, and therefore did not exist brethren.... There is another

are not one,"wrote Thomas Jefferat all."However, this view preclass who believe in the simple

son, an exponent of deism. "This sented to Priestley many unanswerhumanity of Jesus Christ: but

constitutes the craft, the power and able issues. Since he believed that these form a small proportion of

profit of the priests. Sweep away matter was eternal and that the the great body of Unitarians in this

their gossamer fabrics of factious soul was matter, he should have part of the country."3

religion, and they would catch no logically concluded that the soul Unitarians rejected the "mystical, more flies."This influential Amerof man was eternal and thus acincomprehensible union between

ican denounced the major creeds cepted the preexistence of manChrist and his Father."They supof Christendom by warning others kind, but Priestley evaded this planted the traditional view of the

that to "talk of immaterial exisproblem by not developing a Trinity that God exists in three tences"was to speak of "nothings."systematic metaphysic. 2 persons with the concept that God

Jefferson admitted that he didn't Other American liberals of the is of one mind, one person, and one know "at what age of the Christian late eighteenth and early nineundivided entity. Jesus, they afImprovement Era

firmed, is a distinct being from Ghost is God, and they are all in the Church. In the winter of 1834the Father and is his Son, the one body and one God.... If I 35, a series of "Lectures on Faith"

mediator between man and the were to testify that the Christian was delivered at Kirtland, Ohio.

Father, and inferior and subordiworld were wrong on this point, With the Prophet's approbation, nate to the Father. Since Christ my testimony would be true.... they were published in the Mesderived power and authority from Any person that had seen the senger and Advocate, the Church

the supreme God, he was regarded heavens opened knows that there paper printed in Kirtland, Ohio, as "divine."Through Christ, they are three personages in the heavens and in the early editions of the

believed, mankind witnessed the who hold the keys of power, and Doctrine and Covenants. "We

most "glorious display, expression, one presides over all."6 shall in this lecture [referring to the

and representative of God."Some Prior to the 1842 publication for fifth discourse], speak of the Godheld to Christ's preexistence, and the general public of the First Vihead—we mean the Father, Son,

others supposed that his existence sion, the truths restored in 1820, and Holy Spirit."Emphasizing the

commenced at the time of his birth including the separate nature of distinct nature of the Father and in mortality. The Holy Ghost was the Father and the Son, were the Son, the dissertation referred

not regarded by the Unitarians as widely taught by members of to these beings as "two Gods."7

part of God's being, nor was he referred to as a person. The Holy

Ghost was considered an expression of divine influence. 4 1841 Orson Pratt published Church was organized, he was in In

Although there were seeds of in New York a short history of the a spiritual dilemma, having retruth in the creeds of Christendom Prophet's communications with jected "sectarian religion."Howand in the liberal views of the deists heavenly beings, entitled An Interever Phelps affirmed that he was

and the Unitarians, no theologian of esting Account of Several Remark- a believer in God and the Son of the early nineteenth century taught able Visions. Orson Pratt bore God as two distinct characters, and

the concept of God as restored by record that while Joseph was en- a believer in sacred scripture. 8 O

the Prophet. This was one of the wrapped in a divine manifestation, ( To be continued

most distinct contributions of he "saw two glorious personages, FOOTNOTES

Joseph Smith. who exactly resembled each other Quoted in Lester P. Cappon, The AdamsIn 1842 in the Times and Seain their features or likeness."JeffersonNorth CarolinaLettersPress,(Chapel1949),Hill:Vol.University2, pp. 368,of

sons, Joseph Smith published an Furthermore, there were early 568.2Daniel J. Boorstin, The Lost World of

account of the First Vision. "When converts of the Church who had Thomas Jefferson (New York: Henry Holt and

Company, 1948), pp. 11415.

the light rested upon me,"the accepted the Arian concept of God 3Quoted in William W. Fenn, "The Revolt

Prophet affirmed, "I saw two perbefore their conversion and who HistoryAgainst oftheNewStandingEnglandOrder,"(Cambridge:The ReligiousHarvard

sonages,... standing above me in readily accepted the doctrines UniversityAVilliam Press,E. Channing,1917), pp.The 12021.Works of William

the air. One of them spake unto restored by Joseph Smith. In a E.I. DanielChanningRupp,(Boston,An Original1894), Historypp. 310,of 320;the

me, calling me by name, and said, letter sent to Oliver Cowdery, Religiousthe UnitedDenominationsStates (Philadelphia,at Present 1844),Existing pp.in

(pointing to the other,) 'This is my which was printed in the Mes704-10.Times and Seasons, April 1, 1842.

beloved Son, hear him.'"5 senger and Advocate in 1835, W. p. Documentary426. History of the Church, Vol. 5,

In 1843 the Prophet described W. Phelps testified that when the MessengerHhid. and Advocate, May 1835.

the personages in the Godhead when he declared, "The teachers of the day say that the Father is... but Joseph's teachings were a source of pure truth,

God, the Son is God, and the Holy unmuddied by falsehoods and traditions of men.

March 1967 61 Sunday School Reorganization

Note: On November 18, 1966, it was announced that

George R. Hill has been released as general superintendent of the Sunday School. He had served in that

capacity 17 years and as a member of the general superintendency since 1934. The new superintendency,

named December 2, includes David Lawrence McKay, general superintendent; Lynn S. Richards, first assistant; and Royden G. Derrick, second assistant.

Names of new board members, recently announced by the general superintendency, will appear in "The

Church Moves On!'

The New Superintendency By Leiand h. Monson

Superficiality, which one noted diplomat and govSuperintendent McKay has had opportunities for ernmental leader has said is the besetting sin of our growth and development far beyond those of most generation, is far beneath the three men who have men. He has been privileged to travel with his father,

been called to direct the Sunday

School. Each has been well

trained and prepared for the George R. Hill Retires

opportunity and calling that has George R. Hill, who has been released as

come to him. Each has worked general superintendent of Sunday Schools, was

with loyalty, intelligence, and first appointed to the board in 1925, became a devotion for whatever cause he member of the general superintendency in 1934, has been called to serve. Each and was appointed general superintendent in

in his own way has pursued 1949. Under his inspired leadership, the Sunexcellence. day Schools have "grown and waxed strong."

Under their direction, Sunday He had the ability to bring out the best in the

School officers and teachers will people he supervised, retained a young mind, continue to be infused with the and was always open to suggestions. As general superintendent he

desire to work near their highest saw Sunday School attendance increase from 31.45 percent to 40 perpossible potential. Sunday Schools cent as a Churchwide average. What an achievement to reflect upon!

throughout the Church will forge Superintendent Hill, an energetic, intelligent, capable, vigorous, ahead. and welltrained leader, was an outstanding Scouter and worker with

David Lawrence McKay, the youth. In industry, where he was employed by American Smelting

new general superintendent, has and Refining Company in agricultural research, he won wide acclaim.

had wide experience and training His work was so successful that he found himself in demand by for his new calling. He has been industries across the United States. But perhaps his greatest achieve-

a member of the general board ment has been the success with which he and Sister Hill (the former since 1944 and has served in the Elizabeth Odette McKay) reared their family of two sons and a general superintendency since daughter. His fine record of achievement will long inspire and be

1949. felt by those who have been called to succeed him.

Superintendent McKay was born in Ogden, Utah, September 30, 1901, the eldest son of President David O. McKay our Prophet, on many tours in various areas of the

and Emma Ray Riggs McKay. After attending Ogden world. Working in close proximity with greatness,

city schools, he studied at Weber College, the Unihe has taken on a measure of that greatness himself, versity of Utah, the University of Paris, and George His work in the field of law has also been excellent

Washington University, where he received his law preparation for his new calling. He is a member

degree. He took his master's degree in law at Harvard of three bar associations and is head of a prominent

University. Salt Lake City law firm. Because of his ability to

62 Improvement Era establish happy human relations, he has been respected With his keen mind and understanding heart, and loved by his colleagues on the Deseret Sunday Superintendent Richards spots quickly the needs of

School Union board. the Sunday School.

The new first assistant in the Sunday School, The second assistant superintendent, Royden Glade

Lynn Stephen Richards, is a son of the late President Derrick, is a prominent Salt Lake business and profesStephen L Richards, a member of the First Presidency, sional man. Born September 7, 1915, a son of Hyrum

and Irene Merrill Richards. He was born in Salt Lake H. and Margaret Glade Derrick, he attended schools

City February 3, 1901, and attended Granite High in Salt Lake City, the LDS University, and the

School and the LDS University. He was graduated University of Utah. He received an honorary doctor's

from Brigham Young University, after attending the degree from the latter university in 1965 and served

University of Utah and Utah State Agricultural Col- a term as president of its board of regents.

lege, and in 1929 he received the degree of doctor of In business, Superintendent Derrick is president of jurisprudence from Stanford University. Western Steel Company, chairman of the board of the

Superintendent Richards has had many civic reSalt Lake City branch of Federal Reserve Board of sponsibilities, including president of the Salt Lake San Francisco, and director of several other firms.

City and County bar associations, member of the Utah Busy as he has been in his business and professional

State Board of Education, state senator, and president life, he has not neglected his spiritual and religious of the Brigham Young University Alumni Association. life. He has served in the Church as a Sunday School

He has served two different periods on the Sunday teacher, ward clerk, elders quorum president, bishop's

School general board, 1934 to 1945 and from 1952 to counselor, and alternate high councilor. He became a

the present. Between these periods, he was bishop member of the Sunday School general board in July

of the University Ward and then of the Federal 1954, from which position he was called to be counHeights Ward. In 1952 he was named second assistant selor in the Monument Park Stake presidency.

general superintendent to Superintendent Hill. Prior In returning to responsibilities in the Sunday School,

to his call to the general board, he had also been a Elder Derrick brings a wealth of experience. He will

Sunday School teacher and seminary principal. contribute much to the Sunday School cause. O

SPECIAL PURCHASE...SAVE $49.85

FABULOUS, NEW, EASY TO USE MINOLTA HIMATIC 9 CAMERA with CASE and deluxe FLASH

A $139.80 value

NOW ONLY $89.95

Pay Nothing Down... Only $1.50 a Week

This new 35 mm Minolta offers all the features you've wanted at a surprisingly low price. It gives fully automatic outdoor and

indoor exposures with manual operation.

Other features include a CDS meter, hot shoe and regular flash, parallax correcting

Salt Lake City: 273 S. Main—155 S. Main—range finder, f 1.7 lens with shutter speeds

2190 Highland Drive from 1 to 1/500 second... all designed to

Ogden: 2443 Washington Blvd.—Provo: 161 W. Center St. assure you the brightest, sharpest slides

Idaho Falls: 446 Park Avenue and snapshots ever.

March 1967 63 men love their hearthsides. Then Mother, my sister,

and I heard a knock at the door. I went to see who

could be there. Two strangers—missionaries, they

said—and girls at that. Suddenly, the gloom of the

day seemed to disappear. The sky no longer seemed

cloudy, the street and the houses no longer dull; the

peoplepassing by no longer existed. All I could see

before me were two fair young ladies. One was tall,

the other small, both had warm and loving smiles, clear and honest eyes. They were different from

other young ladies of their age in both dress and manner. "May we come in and see the lady of the

house,"one of them asked.

I thought to myself, "I don't know them. I have

never seen them before. They are so different. Why?

Yet. somehow, I do know them; 1 have seen them

before. But where and how?"

They came in, introduced themselves, said they had a message from God, and that they were representing their church. They had come from faroff lands

to tell us the news that "he died that we might be forgiven...."They too felt they knew us; but they

also knew from where—our premortal life, they said.

They had something I wanted, something that my mother and sister wanted too. They were happy, and

"lie died that we might l>e forgiven, He died to we wanted to be happy too.

make us good, Thai we might go at last to heaven, They stayed awhile and told us the news. Then

Saved by His precious blood."they left. The house was filled with a strange'and

Those hymnal words rang in my ears as I walked beautiful spirit. The next few days I thought about

slowl\'home that Good Friday five years ago. I the two young ladies and their message. It was soon

had attended a special service in the loeal church, time 1 for them to come again.

and my mind wandered back to the time when Jesus But the lovely feeling had almost vanished. "Let's

was crucified on the day we now call Good Friday. go out,"1 said to Mother and Sister. "We don't want

But why was it called Good Friday? Why "not to get involved."

Had Friday? Alter all, what was good about killing The gloomy feeling was with us again. We put

Jesus? about killing earth's perfect man? The on our coats and talked about where we should go,

hymnal's words said, "He died that we might be but then Mother said it was not fair. "After all, they

forgiven...."The minister had given a long sermon are such nicegirls and have come a long wav. We

about it, yet none of us fully understood. must stay home or their journey will have been

I tried to picture the clay's events in my mind. 1 in vain.

could see Jesus earning his cross. It must have been So we stayed, and the messengers came again,

heavy. He must have been exhausted from loss of smiling, singing, even though the world seemed dull.

sleep, beatings, trials, and the anguish of Gethsemane. They entered our home for a second time and once

Surely friends were watching, weeping, wishing they more left a wonderful message and even sweeter could save him. Then soldiers placed his cross in spirit. They arranged for a third visit and faithfully

the ground and left him there; to die. Even though it came at the set time. This time we were eager to

had taken place thousands of years ago, this Good hear what they had to tell us. They asked Mother

Fridayiv waswas nono better. The human race was still to be baptized. She hesitated. I nodded, and she

servantservant to the same motives, the same desires. said, "Yes."

I arrived home wondering why 1 had bothered to They asked me; then I too hesitated. But when

go. Everything was gloomy. "Was the service* good, they looked at me, I accepted. So did my young

clear?"That was Mother from the kitchen. I related sister. They told us what time they would come and

what had been said. Good Friday. "What was good where we would be going, and that the elders would

about it?"I asked. interview us. They then left again. Mother, Sister,

Later in the dav we s;il around the fire. Englishand I talked over the things they had taught us.

Improvement Era

The day arrived. We knew that if we were to take two messengers. They smiled and told us how happy

this step, our lives would be different. Should we go they were that we were joining the "family."They

into the waters and make these covenants or turn said they would look after us. We dressed in white

back? A knock came at the door; again it was the and were told how lovely we looked,

messengers. They had come to assist us. I saw Mother go into the water and then come up

We arrived at our destination and were greeted by looking radiant. For a moment I was afraid and

many people. All had the same beautiful look as the wanted to run, but instead I was gently led into the

Melchizedek Priesthood How Quorums Can Share the "A practical tip

SCENE 1

The ward priesthood executive committee is discussing the 1967 seventies project.

Seventies group leader: Bishop, our seventies group would like to initiate a project in the ward area that

should bring in more converts to the Church. It is not a new idea, but it has

several new features.

Bishop: Speak on!

Seventies group leader: It is simply this: We shall present to you the names of several families living in the

ward area who are not members of the Church. With your approval we shall assign

a seventy in our group and his family to this nonmember family. The idea is to have

compatible families get together. The seventy and his family will cultivate their acquaintance, socialize, and have these people to their home to dinners and socials.

After warm friendship is established, they will, as opportunity affords, invite the family to various functions, such as ward parties, bazaars, and dinners. In many

cases the children will join the auxiliaries with the seventy's family. The seventy,

watching his opportunity, will invite the nonmember parents to see their own children in action in these auxiliaries; for example, their son playing a game of basketball, or another son in Scout or Cub group, or a daughter at a Beehive affair.

The idea is not to talk at first about becoming members, but to acquaint these people with the program, how we live as a people, our standards, our ethics, and our enjoyment of life.

If we do it right, taking several months or a year in this cultivation, these folks are bound to ask questions and, when the time is right, be willing to listen to the stake missionaries.

Bishop: That sounds like a good idea.

Group leader: As soon as you can find time to meet us, we are ready to discuss with you our

seventies families and possible families they may cultivate. We have already made

up tentative assignments for you to approve. We shall want to report from time to

time on progress so you will know how the project goes. Later, as soon as you

feel it advisable, perhaps the project will be adopted by the high priests and elders.

Bishop: That is a good possibility.

66 Improvement Era

waters. The young man whispered not to be us. They sang all the way.

frightened; and in a moment, I too was baptized. That was five years ago when we got "involved"

Sister soon entered the waters. with The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

We were given a wonderful gift, the gift of the It was five years ago when I wondered why the day

Holy Ghost, and we were told the gift would be with was called Good Friday as I sang, "He died that we us forever. might be forgiven, He died to make us good...."

The two lady messengers agreed to go home with Now I know why the day is called Good Friday. O

Gospel with Their Neighbors for all families "SCENE 11

The home of John Smith, nonmember. The do orbell rings, and he goes to the door.

Mr. Jones, a seventy, and his wife are standing there.

Smith: Good evening.

Jones: We hope you will pardon us, but we are your neighbors down the block. I am Mr.

Jones. This is Mrs. Jones. We have lived here for some time now but are not well

acquainted with anyone, and thought we would like to remedy the situation, so we are calling on you. If this is not the right time for a fifteenminute visit, we

can come back when it is more convenient.

Smith: (Hesitates.) Won't you come in?

Jones: Thank you! (They enter and are ushered into the front room.)

Smith: Please sit down. Let me take your coats and hat. I'll call Mrs. Smith.

( He exits and reenters in a few moments with Mrs. Smith. There are introductions all

around.

Jones: Mrs. Smith, I was telling Mr. Smith that we don't know our neighbors and yet we

live near one another. We want to get better acquainted. Mrs. Jones and I wondered if you and your family would be willing to join us at our house for dinner one

evening next week and an hour of social enjoyment afterward. We promise not to

keep you later than 9:00. We can serve at 6:30, if that is convenient. It will give

us real pleasure to have you come. We assure you that you are under no obligation if

you accept. We simply want to know our neighbors better and be better known.

Smith: ( Looks at Mrs. Smith. ) What do you say, Sarah?

Mrs. Smith: I believe we could come next Thursday evening.

Mrs. Jones: That will be fine with us. Shall we say 6:30? By the way, how many children do

you have? And do they have any food allergies?

Smith: We have six—two boys and four girls. The only allergy is food—the more the better!

( Laughter.

Mrs. Jones: Mrs. Smith, here is a small box of cookies I baked this afternoon. I hope you will

accept it with our compliments.

And the project is on its way—not to be hurried, but for the development of real friendship

and to show the way to a happier life.

March 1967 67 Heading for "Sun Fun"Country?

Wherever your vacation takes you, it will room to roam, with attractive lounge cars be pure pleasure all the way when you go where you can enjoy added relaxation.

Union Pacific Domeliner.

What's more, there are special savings

Skyhigh views from picturewindow domes with our Family Fares—now good every

... fine food in the Dining cars... a wide day of the week! Great peace of mind

choice of modern Pullman accommodatraveling Domeliner, too, especially during tions or spacious coaches with reclining unpredictable weather. Call us, or come

stretchout leg rest seats... and plenty of in—let us tell you more.

For information and reservations, see your nearest UNION PACIFIC

Union Pacific Ticket Office or your travel agent. RAILROAD

DOMELINERS: "City of Los Angeles""The Challenger""City of San Francisco""City of St. Louis""City of Portland""City of Denver"

68 Improvement Era WHEN YOU'RE IN HAWAII, Richard L. Evans ENJOY

The Spoken Word ALL THE FUN AND 'We are sowing EXCITEMENT OF THE

emembered well from years of youth are these words from a song r:hat was sung: OTfc

"We are sowing, daily sowing Unforgettable villages of Tahiti, Fiji, SaCountless seeds of good and ill, moa, Tonga, Old Hawaii and Maori New

Scattered on the level lowland, Zealand, open daily except Sundays from

Cast upon the windy hill; 10 a.m. Authentic 2-hour Polynesian muSeeds that sink in rich, brown furrows, sical pageant evenings. $7.90 includes

Soft with heaven's gracious rain; admission, show and buffet dinner. See

Seeds that rest upon the surface your travel agent or write:

Of the dry unyielding plain."1

Whether the lessons of life sink deep or stay shallow on the surfaceis always a cause of concern. But one fact to be affirmed at any time of nolijnesinn

selfsearching is the sequence of cause and consequence. And one of Culturalr Laie.Laie, Oahu.Oahu, Center

the greatest lessons of life for young people to learn is that we live in Hawaii activity of cultural anda world of law and that ultimately, and indeed daily, we are accountAn educational of Christ of Jesus The Church able for our own choices and decisions and individual acts and utterLatter-day Saints ances—and for our intent. And yet the endeavor to shift responsibility

is one of life's most prevalent pursuits: to blame others, to blame the

past, to excuse what is wrong, even to condone what is knowingly and havedeliberately done, to tolerate what is actually evil. All of us are making HHHOH MOREour own record daily, hourly, each instant. And beyond all external NfwH

factors there are choices for which we are personally responsible. And ENERGY (IVttV%PH

despite what rationalizing or justifying or what shifting of responsibility forwe seek, we are ourselves", in a sense, our own written record. "A man V'ajmvcan only achieve strength... by the action of his own freewill,"said WINTERHHB'9

Samuel Smiles. "If he is to stand erect, it must be by his own efforts; fun!... and come within the range of selfdiscipline. And it depends upon Eflf

men themselves whether... they will be free, pure, and good, on the

one hand; enslaved, impure, miserable, and other."2 "There on the will LEE %

true virtue.be no freedom without to choosing live within..."3 And Home Stone Groundlaw is among the great privileges and obligations of the free living

of life. WHOLE WHEAT

"Thou who knowest all our weakness, Fresh whole wheat flour packed with

Leave us not to sow alone! EXTRA energy for MORE fun winter

Bid thine angels guard the furrows orflavorsummer.of yourYourhomefamilymadewillbreadlove andthe

Where the precious grain is sown, bakery made from the energy rich

Till the fields are crowned with glory, wholeyourself.wheat flour you stone grind

Filled with mellow, ripened ears, Your family can reap a rich harvest of bouyant Filled with fruit of life eternal health. Serve them your

From the seed we sowed in tears."1 cerealhome mademade bakeryfrom theor

whole grain.

* "The Spoken Word"from Temple LEEMILL HOUSEHOLD FLOUR

Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia BroadWrite today for free inforcasting System January 1, 1967. Copyright 1967. mation and recipes.

Author Unknown, "We Are Sowing."2Samuel

Smiles, Character: Duty—Truthfulness, ch. vii. LEE ENGINEERING CO.

'Charles Kingsley, Placard, 1848. 2023 W. Wisconsin Avenue

Milwaukee, Wis. 53201

Dept. IE-M 67

March 1967 69 A boy in a cold barn milking a is born and becomes a habit carwhip until soft peaks are formed.

cow, a mother separating cream ried through life. Two tablespoons of lemon juice to

in an old spring house, a grandSome claim that they do not each one half cup dry milk should mother tasting the cream to be sure need the fat and calories found in be added after whipping to stathat it is aged just right for her whole milk, but their need can bilize the whip.

butter churn—these are a far cry easily be remedied by using skim This form of milk can be an

from the dairy department in a or 2 percent milk. Even without its ingredient in bread, cake, candy,

supermarket. Yesterday, today, and fat content, milk is still one of the and almost any other food to enrich

tomorrow—each is entirely differfinest collections of important food

ent; yet each, in its own way, nutrients available in one source.

delivers milk in some form to the Because of economy or diet dinner table. reasons, many mothers are using

Dairy products are essential to more and more instant nonfat dry good nutrition. There are four milk. This is made from fresh milk

basic food groups: (1) milk, (2) by removing the water and fat, but

vegetable and fruit, (3) meat, and all the proteins, minerals, and (4) bread and cereal. Each one is vitamins are retained. It takes one

necessary if healthy bodies are to hundred pounds of skim milk to be built. The first group includes make eight pounds of instant nonmilk in all its varied forms and is fat dry milk. This milk, which

our leading source of calcium, keeps well for six months in a needed for the formation and closed canister if it is stored in a maintenance of bones and teeth. cool, dry place, need not be reMilk also provides high quality frigerated until reliquified.

protein, vitamin A, and many Powdered milk can introduce other nutrients. Nutrition lists milk into the diet in many different

recommend three or four glasses ways. Try using V2 to % cup instant

of milk a day for children, four or nonfat dried milk to enrich one more for teenagers, and two or pound of ground meat, or mixing WO?\&

more for adults. an equal amount of this milk with

Milk can be served in many a cereal before cooking. Onehalf

forms other than as a beverage. cup of dry milk may be added to

It can be served as a main course, two cups cooked, mashed vegetausing cheese and cream sauces, or bles. Gravies and sauces can be

as a dessert in puddings and ice greatly enriched by adding % cup cream. This all adds up, in a lifeof instant nonfat dry milk to each

time of 70 years, to an average cup of milk or broth.

consumption per person of some This type of milk will also whip.

15,000 quarts of milk. This conUse equal parts of dry milk and

sumption begins on the day a baby water at room temperature and

Dairy products are essential to good nutrition. Milk

is our leading source of calcium, needed for the formation

and maintenance of bones and teeth. It also provides

high quality protein, vitamin A, and many other nutrients.

70 Improvement Era the nutritional value. For those concentrate prepared by evaporatfresh milk when diluted with

counting pennies, fresh whole milk ing under vacuum enough water equal parts of water, or used as can be stretched for drinking by from fresh whole milk to reduce it comes from the can to make rich, adding one quart of liquified the volume by half. It is then smooth candies, desserts, sauces,

powdered skim milk to one quart fortified with vitamin D and and drinks. It also whips but must

of fresh whole milk. Mix well and packed in cans, sealed, and steribe partially frozen before whipchill. lized. A versatile dairy product, ping. Lemon juice should be

Evaporated milk is a whole milk evaporated milk can be used as added to the evaporated milk after

Today's Family

By Florence B. Pinnock

March 1967 whipping to stabilize the whip. remain in good condition about he hasn't explored the whole field

Sweetened condensed milk is a ten days. This milk is used mostly and found a favorite in some type

whole milk concentrate containing in candy and dessert making. of this versatile product. Cheese

from forty to fortyfour percent Another popular product of milkmaking is an art, and so also is sugar. After opening, it should be is cheese. If a person claims he cheese cooking and serving. To

refrigerated in its can; it will doesn't like cheese, it is because make cheese, the milk solid must

be separated from the milk by coagulating with rennet and/or a bacterial culture and then sepaRichard L. Evans rating the curd from the whey by

The Spoken Word heating,Several factorsdraining,are andinvolvedpressing.in

making various kinds of cheese, such as the kind of milk used,

The Harvest of the Years of Youth method of coagulating the milk, form of bacteria used, salting, and condition of ripening.

e grow old naturally,"said one physician, and "the first and the most

Cheese is rich in nutriments and important ingredient in the prescription for growing old graciously can be used in hundreds of difand happily is understanding—understanding of the naturalness ofwthe process of growing old."1 In the older years of life we are freed ferent ways. When cooking cheese,

always keep the heat low and cook from some of the decisions of the years of youth and are not so enslaved only until it melts. With the exwith some of life's earlier urgencies—when we were rushing to "get

ception of cottage cheese or cream there,"to pick a profession, to make preparation, to choose a partner, cheese, all cheeses are best served to make a home, to rear a family, to assume success. The driving

unchilled. Cheese freezes well, but

restlessness eases up, as success, socalled, has either been achieved or don't put a whole wheel of cheese abandoned as not mattering very much. Every period of life has its into the freezer. Cut it up into

problems, its advantages, its adjustments, its decisions, its uncertainties;

small familysize portions, and be and, old or young, we have to keep flexible in the living of life: not sure to wrap each one airtight in

flexible as to principles, not flexible as to things of eternal truth, but moistureproof paper.

flexible in our reactions to environment, to people and places, to the Uncreamed cottage cheese can going and coming of friends and family, to changing situations and cirbe frozen and kept for three to cumstances. And we have to learn that life is sometimes full—and four months. Add the cream after

hearts and homes also, and that life is sometimes lonely, sometimes thawing and serve as creamed rooms are empty—and arms also—except for memories, except for service, cottage cheese. Creamed cheese

except for the rich inner resources of the soul. Part of the reason for

freezes well if blended with a pursuing this subject is to let youth know what old age is: that it is the heavy cream to make a thick sauce

harvest of the years of youth, that every law observed, every temperate consistency. When it is removed

habit acquired, every good memory made, every truth discovered, from the freezer, it can be thawed every virtue developed, every commandment kept, every lesson learned, and used in sandwich spreads or adds enrichment to the harvest of the older years of life and to the dips.

harvest of eternity, and softens the sense of insecurity, and tempers Another dairy product, butter, loss and loneliness. And with friends and flexibility and faithfulness can be stored in the freezer. Butter

and faith, quietly we come to know that "to every thing there is a can be bought when prices are season, and a time to every purpose under the heaven:... a time to down and kept fresh and sweet for

plant, and a time to pluck up that which is planted;... A time to six months if it is wrapped in

weep, and a time to laugh; a time to mourn, and a time to dance;... A moistureproof paper and stored at

to get, to lose; to time a time a a time time to keep, and cast away; and around zero to five degrees below

2..."in his time. thing every beautiful hath made... He zero.

Consider the food dishes that "The Spoken Word"from Temple are favorites with your family.

Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System January 15, 1967. Copyright 1967. Almost all contain dairy products

'Carl V. Weller, Biological Aspects M.D., of the in some form or other. Imagine a

Process. 2Eccl. 4, 6, 11. Aging 3:1, 2,

world without milk or cheese or butter. Our meals wouldn't be as

flavorsome, as colorful, or as nutri72 Improvement Era

A-Ha!

! Sticky Roll that doesn't stickA

From Red Star Yeast's "Back Fence"'Back Fence"Butterscotches

Recipe Exchange: deliciously sticky 2 pkgs.Active RedDry StarYeast 314 tbsp.tsp. saltsoft shortening

rolls! Light texture, due to Red Star 1 cup(110M15")warmed apple juice Vi1 cupcup lightbutterbrown sugar

Yeast: the dependable one! And they 2 eggs, room temperature 2 tbsp. com syrup

won't stick to the muffin pans, due to V/zallpurposeto 4 cups flour Vz2 tbsp.cup water

West Bend Teflon*. It's double coated. Dissolve3 tbsp. yeastsugar in juice. Add eggs,finelyhalfchoppedthe flour,raisinssugar,

shortening Stir in with more until salt; smooth. beat Red Star Yeast and West Bend cookand

in greased Place soft dough. Knead. a flour to formware are both created in America's Cover. Let rise in warm place 40 to 60 min. or bowl.until

heartland... where homebaking is a thedoubled.brownWarmsugar,overbutter,low heatsyrup,justanduntilwater.sugarPlacedissolves:in 24

way of life, and craftsmen still care. To Westinto balls,Bend tuckingTeflon cups.Vi tsp.Cutofdoughfinely intochopped24 pieces.raisinsShapeinto

save 50$ on West Bend Teflon Bakeeach. Flatten and place in cups. Cover. Let rise 30 to 40

ware, see back of Red Star Yeast quickmin. ormoderateuntil doubled.oven (375).Bake 15Placeto 20a traymin. overin preheatedthe rolls;

Lift Bend muffin off West min. 5 to 10 turn upsidedown at your grocer's.packets

rolls, washing! pan easy and pans. Makes 2 doz. for its TFE nonstick finish. trademark *Du Font's

tional as they now may be. So get gus, follow package directions for

3-4 except only minutes. cook milk, out cream, butter, your and cooking,

In a large melt butter pan saute and cheese, introduce and to your lightly until onion drained browned. Add

family some of the following asparagus, cover, and cook over low mouthwatering dishes, heat 5-10 minutes; carefully put in

baking dish. Toss together Swiss

A Dairy Menu cheeseover asparagus.and nonfat Drizzledry milk;lemonsprinklejuice

over all, and sprinkle with paprika.

BeetTomato Borsch Cocktail Bake 12 minutes at 350 F.

Cheese Rounds Veal and Mushrooms Citrus Salad

New Potatoes (6 servings) Swiss Asparagus 1 package (3 oz.) lime gelatin

Citrus Salad 1 tablespoon (1 envelope)

Vanilla Custard Ice Cream unflavored gelatin boiling water cups Sour Cream Banana Cake iy2 juice 3 tablespoons lemon iy2 cups dairy sour cream BeetTomato Borsch Cocktail % cup avocado, pureed salt teaspoon y2 beet juice cup diced grapefruit sections, 2 cups %1 juice cup tomato 14 cup lemon juice drained 1 teaspoon onion juice lA cup finely chopped green pepper 1 teaspoon sugar Parsley Dairy sour cream Combine gelatins; pour boiling water

stir until gelatins; over dissolved. Add all ingredients except together Blend the World "Where slightly. juice cool Gently and lemon in Chill. small Serve sour cream. Registers"until in Chill parcream. blend sour a of with dollop sour glasses topped

cream. Yield: 2 cups. tially set. With rotary or electric beater

until light gelatin mixture and whip trip to next Your Denver—the salt. Fold fluffy; avocado mix in and—Veal and Mushrooms capital climate of America pepper. green in grapefruit Turn and

will be most memorable when (6 servings) into mold. Chill until firm. Unmold on

you stay at the Brown Palace. V4 cup flour greens and garnish with parsley.

salt teaspoon leaf 600 air conditioned rooms %14 teaspoon thyme Vanilla Custard Ice Cream suites and executive rooms y8 teaspoon pepper (Yields 11/2 quarts) veal steak, pounds sugar five cup restaurants IV2 famous % in servings cut 6 flour tablespoons 2 butter 14 cup complete convention salt teaspoon lA butter tablespoons 2 light 2 accommodations cream cups sliced pound mushrooms, slightly V2 beaten eggs, 2 milk cups iy3 2 cups light cream To expedite your reply, write Dept. IE Salt and pepper vanilla tablespoons \y2

Combine flour, salt, thyme, and pepCombine sugar, flour, and salt; gradper; flour with coat meat light ually Cook cream. add 2 cups KARL W. MEHLMANN, General Manager In skillet reserve mixture. melt stirring constantly, heat, over medium mixture;% cup

by: Represented butter; slowly, 10 brown about meat until thickened. 2 additional Cook MEMBER ROBERT F. WARNER minutes for each side. Remove meat utes. Add small amount of hot mixtureminNew York City from skillet to warm platter and keep to eggs; return all to cooking pan.

GLENN W. FAWCETT warm. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in Cook, stirring constantly, 1 additional

Los Angeles skillet; add mushrooms and saute 3 minute. Remove from heat. Add reminutes. Spoon over meat. Stir 1 maining 2 cups light cream and

tablespoon flour mixture into drippings. vanilla. Chill thoroughly. Freeze in

Remove from heat; gradually stir in ice cream freezer. (This ice cream may

milk. Cook over medium heat, stirring be varied in a number of ways. Two

constantly, until thickened. Cook 2 adcups of fruit can be added, or chocoditional minutes. Season to taste. Pour late ice cream may be made by inover the meat and mushrooms. creasing the sugar to 1% cups and

adding 2 squares of unsweetenedLet's make Swiss Asparagus chocolate, cut up, to cream before heating.) servings) (6

our target Sour Cream Banana Cake 1 pound fresh asparagus spears, or 2 packages (9 oz. each) frozen

asparagus yA cup butter 6 tablespoons butter 1 cup sugar 3 eggs onion chopped cup"The ERA Vi vanilla 1 teaspoon 1 Swiss cheese cup (4 oz.) shredded

flour allpurpose cups sifted milk 2 dry cup instant nonfat 1 baking powder teaspoon juice 3 tablespoons lemon 1 baking teaspoon soda in every Paprikay2 salt sour cream %1 teaspooncup dairy If using fresh asparagus, cook in a small amount of boiling salted water 5 1 cup mashed ripe bananashome!"minutes; drain. If using frozen asparay2 cup chopped nuts

74 Improvement Era Cream butter; gradually add sugar, and

beat until light and fluffy. Beat in

eggs, one at a time. Add vanilla. Sift

together flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt; add to creamed mixture

alternately with sour cream, beginning and ending with dry ingredients. Add

bananas and nuts, mixing just until blended. Turn in a buttered 13x9x2

inch pan. Bake at 375 F. about 40

minutes.

The flavor of this cake is wonderful.

Once you make it you will do it again and again. This cake carries well and

is delicious in the lunch box.

Quick Caramel Frosting (amount will frost the above cake) from this... to this in just 6 months!

y2 cup butter Yz cup firmly packed light brown sugar Vi cup evaporated milk 2Vi cups confectioners sugar (sifted) 1 teaspoon vanilla

Heat together the butter and brown sugar over low heat, stirring constantly until sugar melts. Blend in the evaporated milk; cool. Gradually beat in the

sugar until of spreading consistency;

add vanilla.

Recipe Correction

In the recipe for the Valentine "Butterscotch Cheerio Pie"in the February Era, page 75, one ingredient was inadvertently left out. The pie filling should

include 1 cup of milk. from this.. to this in just 6 months!

Zeigler facial care really works. Naturally.

These unretouched progress photos are proof positive of the facial improvements these people obtained with gentle Zeigler facial exercise and deepdown stimulation. Amazing, aren't they? Especially when you

know neither subject had any significant weight change between photos, nor did anything different except use Zeigler.

Can you improve your facial contours? Diminish agetelling fine

lines and fine wrinkles? Improve skin tone, texture, and complexion?

Give yourself a younger looking appearance? You can tell by trying

Zeigler! It's the yearsahead facial care for those with years behind them.

A special plan now enables you to use Zeigler care for 30 days

Contrasts with guaranteed return privilege. (This offer limited, by mail only)

By J. A. Christensen

Illustrated by Martha Purdy Write today for free It was just a sprig of spring booklet and details—

He carried to my winter room—NAME A grayhaired pussy willow, ADDRESS.

Reminiscent of my own gray head; CITY Yet, the warmest bit of spring STATE. H ft #*

IIP he brought fWas he, himself—fk; Facial to: Zeigler Care Mail child. A goldhaired Dept. E37, Gardena, Western, 17810 S. Calif. 90247'V#.. *

March 1967 75 Richard L. Evans

The Spoken Word

thought suggested by Dr. Lindsay Curtis expresses well the summons

that all of us will sometime receive from the Great Judge and... but come now!"* It is a A Father of us all: "Come as you are

100% PROFIT profoundto face anythoughteventuality.to ponder—Sometimesthe readinesswe canof straightenany or all outor eachour oflives,us

straighten finish the record, out business, our unfinished arrange our INVESTMENT NO your 10 members of time every $60.00 CASH

affairs disordered amends—?'/ and ChocKitchen-Fresh sell make 12 cans of time. But we have each we don't group

olettes100% PROFIT!or CoconettesThe onelb.at $1.00size percanisterscan. cost always have time. Many centuries ago Cicero said: "No man can be

for $1.00! only 50c group each—sell die, that he sure that must this very day."- nor be he may not lc! 120 ignorant Order EVEN INVESTMENT! NOT yourNO

to send days to 30 today. cans up Take to 1200 all Illness, of us. of This is true accident, unforeseen events—"No man title, number phone name, your Give payment.

address, the address, name, complete and etc. can be... sure that he may not [die] this very day."And so, to use a

of each quantity group, officer, name of of 2nd phrase, parcel wellworn office (no to simply nearest ought desired, be prepared. and we ought to be We

cost sent post). Extras FREEFreightto doing. doing what should ourselves be be at peace with we should Rockies. east We of GROUPS TOshipping OPENcover OFFER

ONLY! WRITE TODAY! and with our loved ones and with all others also. We should have

our desks, our documents, our debts, our affairs in order. We should

VERNE COLLIER clean out the grudges and the grievances, the feuds, if any, with those who are near us and with those far from us. If we do, come what may, Dept. 5-22

when it may, we will be ready; and in the meantime, we will be much 900 North 19th Street

efficient, will every effective and and peaceful, day be more biriBIRMINGHAM, ALA.r 03 J morem more productive. person at himself peace with with those he and A 35203n

lives and works with simply lives a better, happier life. Quarreling,

Repertoire for MIA Quarterly dragging around unfinished business, delinquent obligations, unresolved

Conference SATB 1967 differences, strained relationships, a sense of error, a sense of guilt, a sense of not having faced up to facts, tend to clutter and tarnish the living of life. It isn't easy to face facts, but it isn't easy not to. And

God Is My Shepherd.....30c letting unfinished and undone things and unhappy feelings and unJesus! Name of Wond'rous resolved obligations always hang over us is too heavy a load. "Come

Love 25c as you are... but come now!"When we receive this summons, we'll

Joy Dawns Again at Easter...25c be on our way; and we ought to be ready for it, and at such peace

For the Beauty of the Earth..25c with ourselves and with other people that we can enjoy each day, each

Praise Ye the Name of hour, each opportunity, whenever the call comes. Come now—just as

the Lord 25c you are.

Praise 35c Let All Mortal Flesh Keep fc'The Spoken Word"from Temple

Silence 30c Square,castingpresentedSystem Januaryover KSL8, and1967.theCopyrightColumbia 1967.Broad1Lindsay R. Curtis, M.D., Thoughts for 2V2 Minute Talks

(Salt Lake City: Bookcraft, 1966). 2Cicero,

De Senectut, c. 78 B.C.

Florence Madsen's arr.

HOME BELOVED WHERE'ER I WANDER SSA 25c Write for Catalogs The Moon Moans

By Carol Grayson

Do I rate being made the sad target for fabulous

Music Co Afterspacefiringeons of doingfeatures,my beautiful best 327 Broadway for Earth's romantic creatures?

Idaho Falls, Idaho 83401

76 Improvement Era 11 ** I PEOPLES & SPRING ARTS TOUR TOUR OF OF EUROPE CUIiv/rC A firstclass visit A refreshing tour to Europe from for the springtime

Lisbon to Istanbul traveler from to London, the tulip fields of emphasizing Holland to the concerts, operas, hillsides of Italy.

works of art, etc. Two itineraries to

Directors: choose from.

John R. Halliday Directors:

and J. Roman Harold Glen Clark

Andrus. and R. Wayne

June 20 - Shute.

August 17 May 17 - June 8

STUDENT ROUND

EUROPEAN THE WORLD TOUR TOUR Designed especially The real dream for college tour of a iifetime students, recent visiting places graduates and such as the Holy others in this age Land, Egypt, group who want to Thailand, Kenya, see the best of Tanzania, Hong

Europe on a Kong, Japan, Nepal, limited budget. Hawaii, and

Director: many more.

Melvin P. Mabey Director:

June 17 - Richard L. Gunn.

August 15 June 7- 1** }. August 19

MAKE IT A LUCKY SUMMER

MAIL THIS COUPON TODAY!

( Travel Study, Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah 84601 Please send me detailed information on the toursarI have marked.BRIGHAM YOUNG 1. Peoples & Arts Tour of Europe. 6. Central Am. & Mexico Tour

2. Student European Tour 7. Bible Lands Tour

3. Spring Tour of Europe 8. Church History—Pageant Tour

9. SocioCultural Hawaiian 4. Tour Tour 'Round the WorldUNIVERSITY TRAVEL 5. 10. Britain South Pacific Tour to Tour Genealogy

NAME

ADDRESS

\ \ CITY STATE ZIP /SUMMER I967

March 1967 77 Ara Belliston Richards, mother of eight children, acquired the techniques Soon the city census taker came described in this article during a recent twoyear term with her husband as building missionaries in midwestern United States. She has a masters degree to our door. After answering one

in educational administraton and is choir director in the Ogden 21st (Utah) Ward. of her questions, I inserted, "And

we are Mormons. What do you

know about the Mormon Church?"

She answered, "Well, not very much.""Would you like to know more?"

I quickly inquired.

She seemed highly pleased, as if

I had asked her to become a personal friend. Actually, I had

..—and more. But she said, "Well,Me and Those no, not right now. I am meeting

with missionaries from another church. When they knocked at myGolden Questions

door a short time ago, I began meeting with them."She thanked

me several times for asking her, and she shared some of her probOur Prophet and President has said, "Every member a missionary."lems and feelings. For a few

This is not an idle statement, nor a suggestion to follow at mere moments we felt a kinship, a bond convenience. It is a commandment from our Heavenly Father to help of love.

accomplish his work in these latter days. And to accomplish this work, That experience gave me the

I two "golden questions"have been suggested: What do you know about courage to pursue my plan, and

the Mormon Church? Would you like to know more? have tried to ask the "golden ques-

I wanted to think that I was exempt from this divine request. tions"of all strangers who come to

is made up After all, I was expecting our seventh child. Our oldest child was only our door. My mind

six years old. We had just moved to a new community. Church and home to ask them before I ever turn

responsibilities consumed all my energy. Besides all this, a vague, illusive

fear of asking the "golden questions"made all my excuses seem valid.

However, when I was set apart in a new Church assignment, I was reminded to ask the "golden questions."I was promised that many

people would join the Church if I did. There could be no more inner

squabbles about it. I must find a way to be faithful to the Lord's will.

In analyzing my opportunities to introduce others to the gospel, I realized that many uninvited guests came to my door. I could ask them.

So, when the Avon lady called, I invited her into our home and, after a moment of chatting, said, "I am a Mormon."

She quickly picked up the conversation and answered the first of the "golden questions"without being asked. "Oh,"she said, "all of our

family are Catholic. But we have a distant relative who married a

Mormon girl. Our entire family admires that girl because of her ideals.

I also have a Mormon acquaintance who lost a leg. She still has hope

and joy and usefulness because of her beliefs in life and her faith in came"I reali2eto mythatdoor.manyI coulduninvitedask them!"guests

the hereafter."

It would have been so logical to say, "Would you like to know more about the Church?"But because of timidity and inexperience, I the doorknob—and, remarkably, no

replied, "People have great reserves in times of crisis."Then we turned strained relationships have ever

to her business, and within minutes she was gone. developed. However, to maintain

I was angry with myself. She had surprised me. I had not yet my courage in doing this I have

learned how to capitalize on my opportunities. I also had not realized reasoned: (1) I have as much

that the Church made as much difference in one's life as her examples right to ask them about my goods indicated. I was not ready for the responsibility of being that different as they do about theirs. (2) The

from her or others around me. I had a lot of maturing to do. gospel is important enough to in78 Improvement Era

terrupt even the busiest people. the thoughts of those trying to Some of my good approaches

(3) After all, they have come to make a living. were: "No, but what do you know

my door. (4) I may never see Now quite concerned, I talked about the Mormon Church?"Or,

them again. with the fulltime missionaries in "Now that you have asked me a

Another avenue of opportunities our area. They said, "If this is out question, let me ask you one. What

was the telephone. I was increasof order, what are we doing here? do you know about the Mormon

ingly annoyed with the frequency We must do this sort of thing daily, Church?"An organ salesman

of sales pitches via telephone calls, because we get so few referrals whom I asked in this manner was which always seemed to come from members of the Church."meeting with the missionaries

when I was most busy. My hus- I asked my husband, and we when we moved from the area. He

band pointed out that I was misshad also attended sacrament meeting opportunities. Every time the ings.

phone rang (unless a Church Taking new courage, I began member was calling), the way was asking the "golden questions"opened for the "golden questions."when I placed telephone calls. The

It was both a missionary opporextra time it took was negligible tunity and a method of bringing if people were not interested. On

purpose to many otherwise inconthe other hand, the time was devenient calls. lightful if they were interested. A

Shortly thereafter a woman parent whom I called concerning called who wanted me to purchase a child's birthday party met with some children's pictures. I said, the missionaries and bought a copy

"No, I wouldn't be interested. But, of the Book of Mormon. I later

what do you know about the Morlearned that she had previously mon Church?""Not much.""Would Every time the phone rings it is anmet with missionaries in Hawaii.

you like to know more?"other opportunity to ask the questions. I soon began to look for other

"Yes,"she replied. avenues of opportunities. That fall

I was frantic. Now what do I I decided to ask the "golden

do? All that came to my mind was reasoned this way: Wasn't the questions"of sellers at produce

that the missionaries had said to opportunity to receive the gospel stands. Because stands were plenarrange a cottage meeting with worth a little of the caller's time?

both contacts and missionaries in Wasn't the knowledge of what one one's home. I didn't know this is living for worth more than the

woman. Somewhat flustered, I infew moments it took from the

vited her to bring her husband and hours of making a living? And,

visit us sometime, and she caretaking a spunky point of view, fully took our name and address. didn't callers interrupt my trends

She really seemed interested in of thought? Didn't they interrupt

the Church. However, as one might my busy schedule? I felt I could

expect, we never heard from her. answer "yes"to all these questions,

I thought about this a long time. so this seemed to be my best opWhat I should have said was, portunity to carry out that which

"Good! Give me your name and I believe to be a commandment.

address and I'll have some repreWith my course of action firmly

I discovered that questo ask the hadsentatives of our Church stop by."imbedded in my heart and mind, tions in the that sentence sameI

Then she would not have had to I continued to ask the "golden answered the call. I

take the initiative. questions"over the telephone. But

I felt discouraged and wanted I was still learning. I discovered

consolation, so I called a lovely that unless I asked the questions tiful and prices and quality comsister who was closely associated in the same sentence that I anpetitive, I rotated patronage so with missionary work. But to my swered the caller's question, I that many might have the chance

great surprise, when informed of would lose the opportunity. Otherto be asked about the gospel. I

my plans she thought I was being wise the caller has the information soon learned that sellers had more quite brazen. She complained that he wants and hangs up unaware time during nonrush hours. I also

I took the time and interrupted that I have something to ask him. observed that I lost many opporMarch 1967 79

AS ILLUSTRATED 20"x 28"SCROLLED FRAME IN GOLD FULLCOLOR REPRODUCTION salt Lake temple One of the loveliest reproductions of the Salt Lake Temple is reproduced by an amazing new silk screen process in faithful detail and with highlights and textures to *s*\. r\CZ

approximate an original oil painting. |V/cL?

Satisfaction guaranteed uponr receiptr or POSTPAID ANYWHEREMoneyoder your money promptly refunded. in the world

(CUSTOMS WHERE APPLICABLE NOT INCLUDED.)

MAIL COUPON R. W. Marsh and Son (sole Agents)

2465 South West Temple P.O. Box 1775

Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 Please send me postpaid pictures of the Salt Lake Temple as advertised in the Improvement Era, at $19.95 each. Enclosed find

(Residents of Utah add 3V2% Sales Tax)

NOTE: If your Ward is looking for a project to raise Name:...

funds, special arrangements can be made to

Address: act for us in the distribution of this beautiful picture. For full details, drop a line to R. W. City: State:

Marsh & Son, P.O. Box 1775, Salt Lake City, (PLEASE PRINT TO INSURE PROMPT DELIVERY)

Utah 84110.

Happiness is tunities by trying to work the questions into a conversation subtly.Unless I asked the questions soon an Electric Dryer

after I was waited on, other responsibilities or customers captured the attention of the dealer.

One cold fall night when the family was out for a ride in the car, we stopped at a produce stand.

I stayed in the car with the children. My husband got out and I

coached him to ask the "golden questions."So he said to the proprietor, "What do you know about

the Mormon Church?"The man

rattled off what he knew. Apparently he thought the Tabernacle

-Ar, mm

rftJ Saves Ironing Electric Dryer Reduces Ironing. You'll save hours that add up to

days in ironing time with the rising list ofpermanentpress clothes,

That fall I decided to ask sellers at when you dry them the nameless electric way. Gives you much

produce stands.

more time for your family and church work.

The gentle tumbling action of an electric dryer fluffs clothesChoir was the entire Mormon

Church. He praised it. He told so they no longer need ironing. They are ready to wear immediwhen he was able to listen to it. ately.

He was so complimentary that he Costs Less To Buy, Maintain. An electric dryer costs less to buy,

nearly threw my returnedmission- install and maintain, and is clean as light.

ary husband right off his feet! He

returned to the car without ever Because it's electric, it's better.

asking, "Would you like to know UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

more?"Now my husband was the one to be flustered and upset for having missed a possible contact. Weboth agreed that it not only takes COVENANT RECORDINGS ALBUMS questo ask the "goldenpractice PEARL PRICE BOOK OF OF GREAT MORMON

JESUS THE CHRIST COMBINATION to TRIPLEtions,"it takes practice also

DOCTRINE TESTAMENT AND COVENANTS NEW know what to do once they are ourSermonsL.D.S.on leaders.tape and 100recordingsdifferentof titlessome ofof

asked. religiousor sacredtype recordings.

ITEMS As time went on and I gained GIFT

Hallmarkmore experience, I decided that Religious Bookscards -andCandyGenealogyFlowersSupplies- Figurines before asking the questions I CovenantContact yourRecordings,nearest Inc.Book or Record Store or

would have in mind an impersonal 1470 South State Street subject we could discuss if the SaltPh. 4871096Lake City, Utah 84115

March 1967 81 other person were uninterested. learned that the questions must be

The weather 'seemed a good subasked directly. When the refrigerject. ator repairman came, I searched

One day before taking my for an opportunity to ask the quesdaughter to a busy surgeon, I detions. He finally asked, "Do you

termined that I would not miss the have a coffee lid or something opportunity to ask someone the similar that I can put this glue question. In the waiting room I dabber on?"Here was my chance!

silently prayed that I would go I could say, "I have a bottle lid, through with my resolve. Waiting but no coffee lid. We are Mormons

This is when with us were a woman and her and Mormons don't drink coffee.

to has insurance your the way, do you know what man By I a conversastarted go to husband, and independhe's an for you. If work the Church?"about like Mormon Finally, her. jumping tion with already he's agent, insurance ent

on your side. Because his job is to off a high diving board and not However, while I was trying to

you need serve you first any time being able to swim, I blurted out, get all this into my mind so that agents, we're independent help. As

ready to work for you. Call us. "I'm a Mormon. What do you know

about the Mormon Church?"My

voice was high and tight. It didn't

independent your/ fell I really like me. sound even, Insurance/agent SERVES YOU FIRST.

1 prayers, to that, in answer my had been pushed.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO. The woman replied, "Not very

General Agents, Salt Lake City much."

Nervously trying to smile, I said, "Would you like to know more?"

"No, I really wouldn't,"she replied.

I paused, then said, "How do you like all this rain?"She didn't, "Would you like to know more?"I

FOR OLDFASHIONED because it impeded the local proasked. "No, I really wouldn't,"she re-

I asked the HEALTHGIVING fessional baseball team. From then plied.next question.Following my plan,

GOODNESS on I heard baseball, baseball, "Corona"baseball.

GRAIN From this experience I learned it would sound right, the time

MILL many things: The Lord will help lapsed. It became stale and unby Universal you; everything takes practice; spontaneous, so I didn't say it.

for use with quickly changing the subject for Suddenly he was finished and on corn, wheat, nuts, etc. Easily uninterested people will avert his way. I had failed again, but

adjusts for fine tension (mine and the other perwas still learning: (1) I was unor coarse grinding. son's). I learned that the more at easy until I had asked the ques-

$9.95 Post Paid ease I was in asking the questions, tions; (2) working into the

Rockies East of add residents 31c sales tax the more at ease others were in questions could be hard or it could Utah add

Write for prices on an electric mill. answering honestly. I learned that be easy; (3) attention to children,

church prices to quantity "Special"groups sharing such personal things as the the door, the telephone, or a remixer. bread grain mill and -on both

gospel frequently drew together pairman's leaving for parts may emotionally people of differences. end my opportunity.

Many people are lonely and want Because of this, when the washer to talk to someone about themrepairmen came I frankly asked selves. I also learned that many the "golden questions."One

people do not feel strongly about seemed uninterested. The other

religion. They may voice interest began asking me specific questions

because of curiosity or for the "big about the Church, although at first

BREAD MIXER toleranceunderstanding"idea that he said that he would not like to 1 for a bread batch it makes to 4 out, he turned more. As people feel obligated to know loaves some

.. to postpaid you... $13.95 to didn't more—he want know exhibit.

residents Sales Utah 49c add Tax

Send orders to: With additional practice I also wanted to know everything!

SMITHFIELD IMPLEMENT CO.

99 N. Main Smithfield, Utah

82 Improvement Era Proven... Successful... Reassuring!

As yet I have never asked the FAMILY FOOD STORAGE PLAN mailmen. However, I have prePerma-Pak 1-year plan is easy, economical!pared a method. If a mailman

knocks on the door with a letter Pay less than $100 per family member for a whole on which postage is due, a regisyear's balanced food supply. Choose from

tered letter, or a package, I intend PermaPak's famous "Use Today or Store Away"to pause and then say, "By the dry and dehydrated foods... such as wheat, flour,

way, I am a Mormon. What do you fruits,dessertsvegetables,... and excitingonions, newpotatoes,meat gelatinsubstitutes

know about the Mormons?"If a and freezedried foods... for tasty, nutritious,

mailman doesn't knock for some lowcost meals.

time, I intend to choose a nice SEND COUPON 'Store Food Today for a Rainy Day"warm day and tend the children or FOR FULL DETAILS PERMAPAK, 40 East 2430 South do some work in the front yard. Also—discover PermaPak's: Salt Lake City, Utah 84115

I'm sure we'll have an opportunity Family Survival Food Kits Please send me, FREE, the following:

Emergency and Camping Plan Storage Kits Food CATALOG

I'llto chat, be able to test his and Electric Grain Grinders, Hand and

Survival Camping Kit and etc. Bread Mixers, gospel. ininterest the INFORMATION

I have learned the need for deGroup Discounts/FundRaising PLAN

Name permits My a plan thatveloping South, East 2430 40 the PERMAPAK

Address City, Salt 84115 Lake Utah to questions"be asked."golden! States Zip City Phone: (801)4869671

For example, when we had moved earlier we got the usual round of visits from milkmen. Though I

didn't realize it at the time, each was a golden opportunity. One day a very personable milkHOLY LAND

N. expecting were nowman came. We X> with I child, was notour eighth and

feeling very well. The children and

I tidy; notthe and kitchen were W. Cleon Skousen toreally didn't anyone want know

that I was a Mormon, because I felt and looked such a poor exApril 11 Departure ample. But I decided to swallow

my pride and ask anyway. After MURDOCH TRAVEL, INC.

all, who else would ask him? And 14 South Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah

PLEASE SEND ME FULL PARTICULARS ON

THE SPRING TOUR OF THE HOLY LAND.

Name

Address

City State

IE-3-67

FREE PARKING

when you're at Conference while we IN USE FOR OVER 75 YEARS "Leave your name and address on the replace your windshield or other auto Aids in treatment of simple sore bill, milk and I'll see that you get a glass. other minor mouth and throat and of Mormon."Book BLOCK SOUTH HALF ONE irritations. throat SQUARE TEMPLE OF

CITY GLASS CO.

under the present circumstances, 44 Richards St. Salt Lake City HALL'S REMEDY

things would get worse before Phone 3639653 Salt Lake City, Utah they got better—and that was some

off. to follow So I decidedmonths PROTECT for BIG Stamps PAY Make Rubber of copies your

plan.my Era Improvement The *60ns Need money? more Earn

a spare time, with at week, an mak- I said. are Mormons,""We ing rubber offices,home for stamps facBINDER ERA tories, individuals. of Hundreds on uses. (Continued page of 86) Hundreds ev- $2.50

erywhere. in Right prospects—your comown

munity. out Turn special Era for Improvement The stamps

addresses, notices, names, prices, etc., Street State South 79 in minutes tabletop machine. We furnish every help withthine at Salt and City, finance Lake Utah 84111

lees rates. you,facts. for free bank Write

will call. salesmanthan No

March 1967 Rubber Stamp Div., 1512 Jams, Dept. R-147AT, Chicago 60626 83

Where to Eat and Stay, and What to See

HOLIDAY INN CAN and AMERICAN DISHES,

SERVED WITH TRUE MEXICAN HOSPITALITV & in a restful atmosphere! Specialty—Authentic Mexican

Food Take Home Orders Prepared

Open Every Day Dining oie Availabl Room 11:00 A.M. to 1 A.M. Private

State 3040 So. Phone 467988

Sunday 12 Noon to 10:00 P.M.

Our Customers Say Always Rewarding 'It's the Best Mexican Food in the Wei

Phone 3550783 LakeSalt - 171 STREET 167 REGENT (Across Parking from Walker Canter on Regent St. between Main & State) "Vilkeltm City's

PANCAKE HOUSE Finest Pancake House Open 6:00 a.m.-12.00 p.m. mmpm Sun. thru Thurs.

6:00 a.m.-l:00 a.m. inner bw O Fri. and Sat.

1 v -

. t;:j;':!; HOT SHOFFES

Serving Quality Food for Forty Years

I i ji 1 i -HkMt

1355 East 21st South HitHU 6-0711 (Closed Mondays only), <*# li'i m r 1 HOT SBOFFES *% J? 1| '.... 1 Cafeteria Style RestaurantBratten's Seafood Grotto

Atmosphere and featuring a wide variety

Fine Food of freshly prepared food in

Private facilities for gracious surroundings group dining BIBLICAL AND HISTORICAL 644 East 4th South - EM 4-6547 (Closed Sundays only) WAX MUSEUM

Located half block south of TemHOT SHOFFES ple Square—36 Richards Street, Restaurant

Salt Lake City, Utah. Open daily

8:30 a.m. to 10:30 p.m. including r<5t/C-"U--v &4S*oH>xM<u

Sundays and holidays. Stirring

moments from biblical history featuring food and stories from the Book of Morfor the whole family mon are realistically portrayed at moderate prices in lifelike color and lifelike dimension through the wonder;

wax sculpture. *

84 Improvement Era

During General Conference, April 6, f and 9

When In Year after year visitors by the score compliment us by their

Salt Lake, See patronage while in Salt Lake City.

Famous for fantastic Ice Cream Creations

LAURENTIIS THE DINO20th CenturvFoxProductionDE presents of DISTINCTIVE*

OtftGOj vceUficm

'36 Incomparable Flavors'Beginning.. In Tht BIHE Remember, your conference visit to Salt Lake Eves, at 8 p.m.

in Filmed D-150* Mats. Wed., Color bv De Luxe is not complete until you visit Snelgrove's

Sat., Sun. 2 p.m.

Exclusive "America's 2 finest Ice Cream Stores"

Road Sho| 850 East 21st South 222 East South Temp

Sundays Klt'y.hi'.t:.V.Kt J Eng. Open 10 a.m. until midnight—closed 9

"At the Rock Mill Farm".;

The

Restaurant Grist Mill built in 1849 by the Mormon Pioneers FARMINGTON7 UTAH 20 minutes from Temple Square—

Drive North on Interstate 15 M Comfort and convenience for conference visitors 2920433 (>#LWi/vfcX MOTEL!LFAMILY RESTAURANT

Luxurious accommodations at modest Delightful dining. Delectable food.

family rates. TV room phones air SIDEBY-SIDE Everything from spoon thick shake

conditioning -heated pool. to New York cut steaks. 819855 West North Temple... Just minutes from Temple Square.

CHOICE DINNERSWEDDING PARTIES

PRIVATE PARTIES THE DOLL HOUSE 33rd South 1500 South on Main, Salt Lake City, Ut

Phone 4667551 3VC2 o

LOCATION LEGEND

(Refer to map) Street Regent 1. Tampico—167

2. State South Holiday Inn—3040

Village 3. State South Inn—2929

4. East 4th Bratten's—644 South & W 1355 East 21st South

5. Richards Street Wax Museum—36

6. South Main & Hot Shoppes—534 *X*X*X'*X*y*X*)(X*X'X'X*XM XXX*XX'XX*XX Mall Cottonwood

7. Utah Theater—148 South Main

8. East 21st South "($%# Snelgrove's—850

9. Heidelberg—Rock Mill Farm Farmington HANSA 10. Dee's & Continental Motel—FAMILYm/?&ceBUFFET |

819855 Validated Temple at parking West North * HOUSE 11. South Terrace Parking Main Center JET""Walker Doll House—1518 South State 1000 3281261 inmuWHlHHMUlHMHWtniliPhone 12. State Ramada South Inn—1000 State 19 East on 2nd South between X & Main Salt City, Lake Utah 13. East Hansa South 2nd 84111 X*X'X*;X'X*'XX-X-X'X'XOOX>X*'X'X-X'X-X-X-y-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X.X House—19

March 1967 85 "You are!"he exclaimed. "I did like him. I really admired which bunk beds are an example.

bunked with a Mormon fellow him."When the delivery men brought

when I was in the army. I surely "I apologize for the way the the bunkbeds, they were busy and

house looks. I am not feeling very "all business."I could not figure

Illustrated by well."out how to ask the "golden quesMartha Purdy "I understand. I have five small tions."But a pause came when

kids of my own. My wife works they set up the bunks and asked

and works and she can't keep up for approval. Another pause came

with it either. It's because of these when I signed the delivery slip. I

five kids that I appreciate your knew that other members of the business so much."Church would have utilized this

He was busy and I was mentally pause to excellent advantage by uncomposed, so I didn't say more asking the "golden questions."It

at that time. As the days turned was a golden opportunity, but I

into weeks I wanted to ask him if missed it.

he wanted to know more about As we increased our practice of

Mormons, but I didn't know how. asking the "golden questions,"we

Today It Is Birds One day—much later—we got nobecame more imaginative in seekby Hilda Whelan

tice of an unexpected sudden move. ing opportunities. We found that

He is but five- I stopped the milkman the next an excellent opportunity revolved still young enough day and said, "We will be moving around the mailing of checks for to probe his brave new world soon. If you will stop next delivery our bills.

unhampered by a pride and leave me the bill, I will pay My husband and I discussed the that cribs results. you."situation and decided that it would

aEach day new discovery "I surely negliappre- take postage, take have no more He said, hisupsets findings.

..". if little gible time, ciated business your cost very and it is birds.Today

I added, "Since we are Mormons, we sent short, lightweight tracts

Barred from their would you like a copy of the Book with our checks and business mail.

natural food by ice, of Mormon?"We explained our idea in a letter

they flock for crumbs; He said, "I really would."to the leaders of our mission, and her,and charmed by variety

of plumage and of wing, "If you will read it, I will have they sent us some appropriate studies behavior, some friends of mine stop by your pamphlets. Each month we put a

noting some hop, some walk, home and leave you one as a gift different kind of pamphlet in our others do both. from me."business mail. We did not know

Scorning his coat, "I'll read it."He was in a hurry, who received the pamphlets, nor

if they would go intopinkcheeked, he stalks as he always was at delivery time. did we know

on down the garden path. "Leave your name and address the wastebasket or be passed to

His morning milk grows cold. on the milk bill next delivery, and friends or family. But we thought

1 call unheeded or unheard I'll see that you get one."that consistency might cause

He is apart from me, "I will,"he said, and rushed on. curiosity.

Closewalled in wonder.

1 anxiously awaited the next As we further discussed our delivery day. I was afraid that he business relations, we realized that

would forget to leave his name and we contacted nonmembers conaddress. I opened the door as he stantly in business establishments

strode up the driveway. Upon that we patronized. My husband

seeing me he said, smilingly, received two affirmative answers "Here is the bill, and I put the to the "golden questions"from information on like you said."personnel in a camera repair shop.

Since it was the lunch hour, I He placed copies of the Book of dashed to the telephone and called Mormon in a tailor shop, a dry the missionaries as soon as he left. cleaning establishment, and the

At our new place of residence home of his aviation instructor.

we soon discovered many other The missionaries were also welavenues of interesting people in the comed at his aviation instructor's gospel. Our new home required home.

various fixtures and furniture, ofi As a result of my trying to carry

86 Improvement Era out the Prophet's counsel, I know of no time that I have offended anyone by asking the "golden questions."If I ever should offend,

I can say, "I'm sorry. I didn't mean

to offend you."Then I can change

the subject. I have learned that

simplicity and sincerity are important; we are sincerely asking a

question, not forcing an idea upon others.

I know of only two times that I seemed to cause another to be uneasy. One night at a preschool

PTA workshop I said to the woman BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY next to me, "I am a Mormon. What PURCHASES KNABE—

do you know about the Mormon Church?"THE OFFICIAL PIANO OF THE METROPOLITAN OPERA

"Not very much."

"Would you like to know more?"You'll find six Knabe Grands in the new Franklin S. Harris Fine

She stumbled for words. She Arts Center. And have you noticed how many other handsome

mumbled that she and her family churches and fine public buildings are choosing Knabe?

were active in a Protestant church.

Her voice became high, imperChurch and civic leaders who know the worth of a fine piano sonal, and strained. I sensed that specify Knabe. Long a favorite of teachers and professional

musicians, Knabe's renowned voice, sensitive response and deshe was worried about offending pendable service have set it apart as the Official Piano of the me, so I changed the subject to Metropolitan Opera.

what we were doing in the class.

A similar thing happened when Write today for the name of your nearest Knabe dealer and re-

I asked a very good neighbor the ceive a handsome catalog depicting and describing the many "golden questions."She acted flusquality features of Knabe.

tered. She was active and satisfied

with her church and seemed not to want to offend me.

As our experiences have increased, we have learned that some people do express interest in the

Church. However, they do notwant anyone to visit them at their M0t

home or business. Therefore, we

made it a policy to have copies of East Rochester, N.Y.

Signature of Quality Pianosthe Joseph Smith testimony A pamphlet, "Which Church Is Right?"and the Book of Mormon

always handy. I carry them in my 15% CASH SAVINGS ON

LDS 500 OVER BOOKSpurse and husband carries L.B.S. my FILMS titles to up on some 20% rental for are available from

his briefcase.them in in: libraries located Details your obtain on you can how LDS books at

This does not mean that when Salt Lake City Provo thesewill besavingssent withavailableyour onorder.request, or the details

Lethbridge Mesa to about wantsanyone more know $4.40 WOMANHOOD Idaho Falls FASCINATING Angeles Los

postpaid Helen B. Andelin (reg. $5.50) literaoffer themthe Church we New York City

ture. We first try to introduce them Write for free brochure. THE MIRACLE OF

to the missionaries. We only give Deseret44 EastBookSouthCo.,TempleFilm Dept. SterlingPERSONALITYW. Sill (reg. $3.75) $3.09postpaid

literature when they do not want Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 Residents of Arizona add 3 percent sales tax.

anyone to see them personally. Educational Media Services Offer good only in U.S. and Canada.

I have also learned to call the BrighamProvo,YoungUtah 84601University LDSP.O. BoxMAILBOX2454, Mesa,BOOKSTOREArizona 85201

missionaries "friends."To most

The ERA is the MIA reading course again this year.

March 1967 87 people "missionaries'sounds too we began asking the "golden high pressured. "Representatives of questions"in earnest. They have

our Church'sounds too formal. 1 been wonderful, remarkable, and

always knew the local missionaries enriching years, full of inspiring felt personally that the term and experiences -our with nonMormon appropriate one. an "friends 1 'was friends. There no one to teach was

I explained to the missionaries that me these things that I have shared, they were to go as my personal no one to observe; and the fear

friends when I gave them a referand feelings of inadequacy that ral. hovered over me before I started

We have also found that it pays often stifled my good intentions.

to be prepared for certain answers. But with courage and the help of

Prices To my question, "Would you like the Lord, we have learned so are LOW to know more about the Mormon much.

in Idaho Church?"one man answered with Asking the "golden questions"

another question, "Well, aren't we sounds simple, but it is not. A deall L.D.S. include styles 50 Some temple all going to the same place?"I sire to be obedient still leaves one

in parchments. and latest white designs

Matching Mormon albums, napkins, other decided that the best way to empty of confidence and skill.

accessories. One day rush order service. answer such a question is to ask Much emotion, thought, time, and

another question. That was Christ's prayer have gone into the lessons

method. So I said, "Where do you we have slowly learned.

I folthink are going?"you Then other As with commandments,

refunded samples, for catalog 25c & Send the concept his answers lowed with blessings slowly unfold into our if air mail desired.) order. (50c on first

REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440 of the fatherhood of God. One awareness after our faithfulness.

Name - common answer I've heard is, The marvelous ways of Heavenly

Address. "I'm too old to change."To that Father are again revealed, and we

City, Zone, State one I say, "What do you expect know that he is God. I have

(or want) to be doing 100 years from now?"Even with all of our efforts toBLACK & WHITE find ways to ask people the "golden

I IblfIkr 8 exposure roll blind spots in our plan. For exFILMS questions,"we have still found -"\

DEVELOPED & PRINTED ample, we did not know our

IN JUMBO SIZE neighbors very well, and opportu12 exposures 504 20 exposures $1.00 nities were limited in the winter.

36 exposures $1.50 Therefore, our songloving family

carols in to sing Christmas decided COLOR FILM the neighborhood on Christmas

DEVELOPING eve. We sacked some apples and

to carry', children to the gave them KODACOLOR little It took no and Roll time more postage per 8-Exposure the baby, and excitedly in lightweight to roll bundled tracts enclose our mail. Printing Dev. and $2.55

to door, singing door walked per 12Exposure Roll $3.00 Printing ro || Dev. and Little Child"a "Jesus Once Was

Reprints Color each 204 and other simple Christmas carols learned that our Father in heaven

COLORColor Slides SLIDES per that the children knew from Junior loves us very much, and that he 135 mm 20 exp., Dev. and Mount...$1.35 roll Sunday School. We had fun, and also loves our brothers and sisters

the neighbors received our apples who do not know or understand 361 35exp.,mm Dev.ColorandSlidesMount... $2.40 perroll

Color Movie per and carols with surprise and dethe gospel. Because we are blessed

8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 roll light. Many asked us into their to know and reap the blessings of

GENEALOGY PHOTOS homes,other sweetsand somewithsharedus. Nearlycandy andall theshow restoredour appreciationgospel, towe himshouldand

of NEGATIVES OLD MADE were aware'that we were Mormons. our love for our brothers and siseach. 604 PRINTS PHOTOS,

of NEGATIVE, 54 each Some even asked us about the ters by following his plan: every

Send coin only—no C.O.D.'s Church. member a missionary. Let's really

MoneyBack Guarantee It has been several years since ask those "golden questions!"O

SAM'S PHOTO LAB P.O. Box 1115 Dept. AA Salt Lake City, Utah

88 Improvement Era Buffs IS YOUR FOOD and STORAGE PROGRAM Rebuffs ECONOMICALLY SOUND?

A Was It Joseph Smith? We like the idea of having an article

running as a continuous whole; beAccording to Church history books yond that, we think the January issue

that I've read, the Prophet Joseph had the most unartistic, least useful, blue eyes. The man on your December palest, and most thoroughly commercover had brown eyes'. cial looking Era yet produced.

Carrol N. White Loren Dale Martin

Grants Pass, Oregon Salt Lake City, Utah

Examining the pictures identified as Home Evening

A, C, E, G, and M, on pages 107677 of the December Era, one gets the distinct Your January cover was most disimpression that they are all related. appointing to us. The plaid shirts are

The shoulders are all rotated slightly overdone, the people look incomcaseto the subject's in each left, and is patible, the unimpressive, white Wheat is turned coat collarJoseph's on up to use the would you want and why age program,is the keepheart yourof anywheatfoodsupplystorlefthis his or on outward and down regular turnover basis rather a the scene as is same cover on Family on spoilage. risk for Write than informaright. this rate, grouping any At Evening Manual? Home tion highprotein, cleaned about to reliable leastseems be the when storage wheat. profood your Make Mrs. Grover M.compared the with death mask, N. practical program. a gram California Carlsbad, leavesThis again us wondering what

like. lookthe Prophet reallv did SURPRISE! AND the going After through January R. Zundel M. stored wheat in your have you issue, our family decided had we delicious to basementThat the Boise, makes most Idaho tell thrilled the with you we were how other bread and goods. baked Now

articles ideas convert conyou stored can given your and wheat many VietFrom Nam into natural at flour wholesome your cerning evening. of home Members convenience the Allsuperb by using our of haven't family read who much Mill. Flour Grain I first This is the read time have the issue this before nearly read Era

it difficult I find magazine,your and to cover cover. from A ADAPTATION MODERN Itto gives down. put a spiritual upelec- Mill AllGrain is a The modern helps lift thelift and

tric old of fashioned, refinement the here.that surrounds us veil Myof lonelinesscompany GlenRichfield,J. BlakeUtahFamily flour mill that twostone preserves

to subjected thehas been worst fightWe appreciate the home evening nature'svor withmarvelousexceptionalnutritioneconomy.and flaining conditions the Demilitarized

in suggestions looked vain for but tense;Zone. Conditions are as but to Start flavor, top enjoy good now ideas child. of one for parentslong as there are people home who health Mills available economy. and Edith Bennett sizes. mills All for guaranteedstill care, in two defeated. be we cannot

Lee R. Dearling Tarzana, California one year. Easy terms.

U.S. Marine Corps For full information, write:

Parents of one child are invited to

The New Era respond with tips. ALLGRAIN FLOUR MILL

There's a new look about the Era—Quite a Cutup! Dept E, P.O. Box 168

not just copy rearrangement either. Brigham City, Utah 84302

The magazine is very well organized. Thanks for the most enjoyable apor

possible. a missionary As P.O. Box 115I institute pendectomy an English and major am

time to read I seldom have the Era, Tremonton, Utah 84337 religionof student University at the of Utah, and I want to thank you for but the convalescence following a reoperation catch allowed up. me tothe in cent spirit of the found Era new

it Doctors thought was pain may havesmall innovations. to see I'm glad

face, to tears that brought but my my ofthe the in the Youth Era middle—in tears the joy emotional and were from of ofmidst Voice "The the Church."

intellectual experience of reading and faithful scanner, a former EraI am the Era. became When my incision interesting becausebut of your most

layouts, attentioncatching statements infected and was reopened, I was blessed to be able to read another articles, illustrations,near good and issue. month'sselection of correlated priesthood

material, I now want to read instead Elder Frederic Romney of scan! Please carry on! Mondoza, Argentina

Quaila Newren Bountiful, Utah The Russians Are Coming

I have noted several improvements Sometime back someone complained in recent issues, and I am thrilled with about your review of The Russians the layout, contents, and approach of Are Coming. At first I felt the same

the January Era. way, but after exchanging ideas with

I to others learned appreciate and S. Gayla Wise CEREAL PERO BEVERAGE better. those understand For humor Tucson, Arizona It's a delicious beverage from made reject film, the sentiments of the who rye. barley caffeine. Contains and no it see to is easy have we so much why the on new My congratulations size, reg. Regular 39c of 10 Carton $3.50 now in world. the mistrustformat. "Since But I miss Cumorah."plus 35c postage

Ivan Harris Earl Dillon Family size, reg. $1.39 Carton of 4 now $5.00

Tualatin, Oregon Huntington Park, California plus 55c postage mail orders to ZCMI SHOPPING SERVICE P.O. Box 1229 Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

Utah residents add 3 l/z% state sales tax.

March 1967 89 Frankly, Bishop,Introducing I Don'tSCHREYEKS copy service See the

It all seemed to reach a climax rightr after supper. This was a favorite time Inspiration

for the bishop, when he allowed himself the pleasure of lingering at the table, minutes that were enjoyably spent chatting with his wife. She was clearing in|K

up the dishes now, and as she reached across the children's glasses she paused, frowning slightly: "It's surely a shame

about the Larsons moving, isn't it? I

didn't know a thing about it until Relief

Society this morning."

She was waiting for him to react. "You

knew, of course?"But the bishop merely

grunted. He refused to admit she had

caught him totally uninformed that his enthusiastic MIA superintendent was any quantity leaving the ward. He continued to toy

made at the rate of 8 per with his fork, picking up the remaining minute. crumbs of the pie crust, as he mused

copies anything about this jarring turn of events. Just

photos or book pages copied last Sunday the bishopric had been as easily as written records congratulating themselves on finally or charts up to 8V2"x 14". staffing the MIA, and now....

perfect for genealogy When the phone rang he immediately

WOrk Sharp copies of completed recognized the voice of the stake work sheets can be made president: "... that's right, bishop. With

for every family member. two new wards we've been given permismail order service available. sion to add several alternate members to

SCHREYEKS thebeforehighwecouncil.calledI wantedBrotheryouVance.to knowI TYPE RIGHT. iSTORES realize how effective he's been as presiYOUR Ofympia

Downtown 28 West 1st South dent of the elders quorum, but this will

Cottonwood Mall be a great opportunity for him."

Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 The bishop was too wise and well disciplined to resist the president. In

fact, he was pleased for Brother Vance.

, 'Pen But it would mean still another reorgaTHE NEW nization within his ward. He began to go NON CAFFEINE

Paro HOT DRINK over his priesthood leadership as the

Just add boiling water. voice on the other end of the telephone

and children Adults love concluded: "... although it is the reflavor. PERO's delicious

Economical, too. sponsibility of the stake Melchizedek

Distributed by Inc. Priesthood committee to select a new.totm.,,,..., World Foods

2520 South 7th West Salt Lake City, Utah Dealers'inquiries invited

Presiding Bishopric's Page

quorum president, we like to work with our bishops. selors. He plunged right in: "Brethren, we're

If you have suggestions, get them to me by Tuesday floundering for lack of leadership, and I'm quick to night. I'd like to have them for consideration by the admit I've been baffled. In the past several days I've

high council next Sunday morning."really worked things over in my mind, and I've prayed

The final blow came minutes later, delivered by the about it."He suddenly realized they were both

bishop's counselor who had dropped over to talk looking pretty grim, so he smiled broadly.

about reorganizing the MIA: "Say, this reminds me—"I've even been wondering lately if it were wrong

Brother Page asked that I talk to you about his new to divide the old ward. Listen to this: our problem is

job. As a salesman he'll probably be traveling out leadership. But let's take that a step further. Leaderof town every third week, at least for the first year, ship is priesthood. There's the real source of our

and he thinks we might want to release him. He's problem—we lack priesthood!"

about the best quorum adviser we've ever had."The second counselor wrinkled his face and spoke

They sat there talking into the night, summing up up: "Well, at least Melchizedek Priesthood. Didn't

what had suddenly happened to them. Later the we count up 23 Senior Aaronic families the other

bishop was to recall that his counselor put a firm day?"

finger on the tender part of their problem when he "Aaronic PriesthoodAdults,"broke in the first counsaid: "You know, we used to have plenty of active selor. "That's the new name for them—Aaronic

families—before they divided the ward. It seems to Priesthood—Adults."

me as though the other half skimmed off the cream of "Okay, but a new name isn't going to make them the leadership. And what do we end up with? any more help to us. They're still the same lackluster

Twentythree Senior Aaronics!"men. They still won't solve our leadership problem."

"Aaronic PriesthoodAdults,"corrected the bishop. "But I disagree!"the bishop exclaimed. "I think

"The new handbook calls them Aaronic Priesthoodthis is where we've discovered an inspiring situation.

Adults."Look at the facts: we are in desperate need of good,

"All right, Aaronic PriesthoodAdults,"said the active leaders, but what we actually have is good counselor slowly. His voice was tired as he finished, leaders who are inactive. I suggest that if we look

"You can change their name, but you can't change the over our roster of Aaronic PriesthoodAdults we'll fact that they're a millstone around our necks. We recognize that we have some outstanding men in our

need leaders, and what do we have? We have 23 neighborhood. Brother Miller is president of his

men, many of whom even refuse to follow. Frankly, company; Brother Halverson was a commander in the

bishop, I never did see the inspiration in dividing navy; and I just read that Dr. Murphy has been given

the ward."a tremendous research grant by the federal govern- #

Those last wards stayed with the bishop throughout ment. Why, we have a great reservoir of leadership

the week. They stung him at first, but then he retalent just waiting to be tapped."

membered that his counselor—good, faithful, hardBut the first counselor held up his hand. "Wait a

lX-A working—had been with him a long time and could minute now, Bishop. We're all aware of the capaeasily remember those golden days before the division bilities of our Senior... uh, our Aaronic Priesthoodwhen they had an abundance of active brethren. Adults. We've always known they could make a

The bishop was unwilling to admit dividing the genuine contribution to the work of the Lord if we ward might have lacked inspiration. Hadn't he even could only get them interested and active. At one

recommended it to the stake president? But now it time or another we've all worked as close as they'd

seemed to be backfiring somehow. He cast about let us in trying to bring them into full fellowship.

fitfully for the answer. We've put some of our finest men into this effort,

The bishop called a special meeting with his counand we've seen very little improvement. In fact, it's

March 1967 91 one of the most discouraging jobs in the Church."The talking about piein-thesky anymore. They'd be able

counselor sat back; he'd said his piece. to feel the same things we feel."

But the bishop smiled more broadly than before. "Now, wait a minute,"said the first counselor. "Are

He had the secret. He'd tested it in his mind; he'd you suggesting we make, say, Dr. Murphy the MIA

worked it out on paper. He knew he was right. "All superintendent?"

you say is true. I agree. But I maintain that none of But the bishop came right back. "No, but he'd

us has ever caught the vision of what could be done make a great assistant in the Sunday School superinwith these inactive brethren, if the right incentives tendency, especially if we could convince him he were were placed before them. Sure, we've tried to activate needed."

them—with cottage meetings, with special schools. But "Why, sure,"said the other counselor. "If we shifted

we've never had a meaningful job to offer them; we've Keith Nelson in as superintendent, we could suggest

never tried to teach them through real experiences, to Keith that Dr. Murphy would make a great

We've never called any of them to actually work in assistant."

our programs. And why?"The bishop dropped his

smile and narrowed his eyes. "Because we always

had too much active leadership, too many active Dr. Murphy smiled warmly as he shook the bishop's

brothers who absorbed all of the good jobs the ward hand and led him into the front room. "Well, let's see,

had to offer—and more."Bishop. It's been just about seven months since you

He gestured toward the leadership chart that hung called me to work in the Sunday School, and I guess on the wall. "Now that we've been divided we're in we've been paying our tithing for the past three or

trouble. We need these inactive brethren; there's four months. Isn't that right, Mary? We both agree

something they can do for us. And in the doing they're it's time we had you sit down with us and tell us what

going to discover how much they need us, the Church, we must do next to get that temple recommend."

and the Lord."A comfortable glow seemed to have settled over the

The bishop went on: "I've been going over the new room. The bishop sensed a new happiness in the

Aaronic PriesthoodAdult handbook. I've underlined house, in the marriage.

portions of it, things like 'learning activities'and "My only regret in being made an elder is a certain 'teaching experiences'It seems to me—and I want reluctance to leave our priesthood class. We must

your counsel on this—that if we could get these inactive have the finest group of Senior Aaronics in the stake."

brethren working in key positions, being placed side- "Aaronic PriesthoodAdults,"corrected his wife byside with our own active leaders, why, once they gently. "That's the new name for them: Aaronic

had a taste of Church experience we wouldn't be PriesthoodAdults."O

Best of Movies By Howard Pearson Before Walt Disney died, he had nothing offensive. The picture he imports some monkeys to pick

given final approval to several stars Roddy McDowell, Suzanne the olives. The townspeople object

films, two of which qualify as outPleshette, Karl Maiden, Harry and picket the farm. Some of thenstanding family entertainment this Guardino, and Richard Haydn, signs read, "Monkeys, Go Home."

month. The movie illustrates Mr. DisIt's all in fun, even for the tots.

One is Bullwhip Griffin, a ney's demands for perfection. He Besides Mr. Jones, Monkeys, Go

tonguein-cheek comedy about the reshot half the film after completHome stars Maurice Chevalier, old West. The other is Monkeys, ing it because he did not believe it Yvette Mimieux, and some of the

Go Home, a romantic comedy. They met his standards. funniest monkeys to hit the screen,

represent the ability of Mr. Disney Monkeys, Go Home relates how It also features new songs and

to keep family entertainment foreDean Jones, who owns an olive folk dancing, most in all his pictures. farm in Italy, can't get pickers, so In addition to these pictures, the

Bullwhip Griffin has some scenes

Motion pictures reviewed on this page are neither approved nor recomin an oldtime saloon, but as mended by the Church or the Era. They are, however, in the judgment of

handled by Mr. Disney, there is the reviewer, among the least objectionable of the current films.

92 Improvement Era following productions should proveentertaining to all members of the /GENEALOGYfamily: y/B worry you?

Funeral in Berlin, starring Let BYU Home Study help! Enroll now in one

Michael Caine as secret agent of many courses offered in Genealogical Re-; Introduction to Genealogy I & II (2Harry Palmer, is a suspensefilled |H Mt* I searcn

will help you learn all about—V tstory intrigue in Berlin. about

OF REMEMBRANCE BOOK L<3 M I credits each) ing in the filmed been German SHEETS FAMILY HavAfc-T GROUP K\ PEDIGREE CHARTS city, this is just enterthan more # FILING SYSTEMS MImhLSiI astainment, the action RESEARCH METHODS shifts. ** IvMI VSA M

through various parts of the city

TO USE COUPON 9eil \ET$and along the Berlin wall. SEND FOR YOUR

Romeo and Juliet, based on the FREE CATALOG

Shakespeare play and featuring the -tt&&**&0 TODAY! <n. |Royal Ballet of London, is a delight to the eye and ear. The dancII PROVO,HOME STUDY,UTAH BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

ing by Margot Fonteyn and Rudolf Please send your Home Study Catalog to: E-3-67 i'

Nureyev translates the familiar II NAME II B.V.U.story into a thing of beauty, with 'ADDRESS STUDY HOME Prokofiev, coscolorfulmusic by University | city state Young Brigham

tumes, and lovely settings. Provo, Utah I Ii zip code

Texas Across the River, a comedy starring Dean Martin, spoofs westerns in hilarious scenes with falls Tour and slapstick. r 50'Yellowstone

The Endless Summer, a docugBSfa*'& 8RWKHTF0N NATIONAL PAMS mentary about surfing, turns into an entertaining delight. It tells how

two young surf riders travel to

Africa, Australia, New Zealand, 1 tfiiWir

Hawaii, and California beaches to with the GRAY LINE ALLEXPENSE escorted excursion.

find the "perfect wave"for surfing. RoundYour onetrip lowfrom excursionSalt Lake fareCity. includes a N expenses:

After the Fox, starring Peter days*RoundAlltripmealsfrom AllSaltaccommodations*Lake City FourProfessionalnights, five tours trip guided 17mile boat on Yellowstone Lake

AerialSellers and Victor Mature, is anFOOD STORAGE the ride up tramway Tetons other delightful comedy with a Travelcountry,in pastairconditionedQuake Lakecomfortand on throughto Yellowstone,,high timberour first and perhaps spectacular most National disguises scene,chase funny by BOOKLET country's

Park. at the Stand misty foot of towering

Falls. geology See in the at making "Old awesomeYellowstoneSellers, whole and a community Faithful"geyser. Follow the of silhouette jagged

Teton to Mountains Jenny Lake and Jackson that's actually in a plotinvolved the

Hole. nights cool are The the are glorious and days PARTIAL TABLE OF inmighty America's wildlife great scenic sanctuary. This is for internaathe coverup bold

Big is Sky country, every where breath a pleasure.

tional gold theft. CONTENTS Mail this coupon today for complete information on

the new Yellowstone escorted tour.

... Beginning, in the The Bible Should What We Store? Name.starring as Huston Noah and John Storing to Prevent Address

is as Scott C. anGeorge Abraham,

Spoilage City State Zip.inspiring picture based on the first

Tentative Vacation Date22 chapters of the Old Testament. Notes on Specific Foods Gray Line Motor Tours, Dept. 117-1

West South Temple Perishables 29 Rotate Your of the actualSince the King words

Saltsalt LakeLake City,City, UtahUtah 8410184101 F narrafor are Sanitation version used EmergencyJames tion, the film is scripturally correct.

Its prologue, showing the creation Group Rates Available COMPLETE of the earth, is a work of pictorial WALTER D. BATCHELOR INSURANCE

beauty; the story of Noah is humor61 Beacon Avenue SERVICE

ous without being irreverent; the LAYTON, UTAH 84041 CASUALTYLIFE

scenes dealing with Adam and Eye MOVING, MOVING and STORAGE... ACCIDENTFIRE

and Cain and Abel are interesting; That's what we do (everywhere). HEALTH

Write or phone Nelson V. Johnson BR 2-9878

W. story HERBERT powerfullythe BROWN of Abraham GR 6-1961 WILLIAM H. BROWN Calif.stresses to the obedience Lord. O Santa1814AMonica,ColoradoCalif. 6916CanogaCanogaPark, Avenue PAUL M. WEENIG

urvuiiiBRUIN VANSTORAGE& 3950331 Village Station, Box 24216, California Licensed—& 3463361Insured P.O.Los 90024 Angeles, 'X&,

March 1967 93 These Times Quest for the By Dr. G. Homer Durham

President, Arizona State University

"And the Lord God planted a garden eastward in Eden; and there

he put the man whom he had formed."(Gen. 2:8.)

Mankind appears to have yearned for gardens ever since. The enjoyment of beauty in flower and

farm is characteristic of most of us. The biblical account of man's

sojourn on earth begins in a rural setting. Sixtysix books later, the

Bible ends with a description of the New Jerusalem, "... the holy

city... coming down from God

out of heaven...."(Rev. 21:2.)

It has been a long and interesting

THE BEST IN WORLD WIDE NEWS COVERAGE roadsalem,fromto Cairo,EdenNineveh,to the andold Tyre.JeruIn this century, city dwellers outnumber farm dwellers. The move

is generally to the cities and towns.

Many urban areas, especially the THE TEN MOST MORMON larger ones, become less habitable

WANTED MEN each year. In the United States,

congressional committees are wrestling with the problem: how do

we rebuild our cities? A cost estimate announced to the last

Congress carried a price tag of fifty billion dollars.

life is All rural not Edenlike. Dun fl Paul H. are rural slums, There many of

them. But the current plight of the

Add to your LDS Church book library cities presents a greater challenge.

Eden lies behind. The expulsion THE TEN MOST WANTED MEN MORMON DOCTRINE

by Paul H. Dunn by Bruce R. McConkie of man from its beauty has ocThe essential traits of leadership and the A summary of all the fundamental doccurred. Man has gone to the cities.

illustrated in brief outline of of the gospel importance each by examtrines form; Sodom and Gomorrah were detalks, classes, character ideal for learn study, ples to help sermons, to mold you

into leadership, 3.95. missionaries, 6.95. stroyed. Can Boston, New York,

Complete Latterday Saint Book Department. Los Angeles, Wichita Falls, Paris,

FOURTH FLOOR BOOKS London, and Melbourne be saved?

In the Book of Revelation, John saw "a new heaven and a new earth."The vision of the New

Jerusalem, rather than a return to

Phone and mail orders filled; for delivery in our delivery area dial 3281188 in Salt Eden, presents a timely challenge

Lake City area, 8251607 in Ogden area, 3742780 in Provo area, Zenith 737 outlying areas. Mail orders to Box 1465, add 150 postage first book, 50 each additional,

plus 3Vi% sales tax in Utah.

94 Improvement Era

sion as in ours as we read the

Bible, comes down from heaven.

We are on earth.

Is the heavenly city possible onCity Beautiful earth?

Some say no—it is only a dream;

it is only for the hereafter; it is not

DISPLAY PROUDLY possible in the here and now, nor your bishopric's picture in your ward. Send for

to men in the twentieth century. in the future before the Lord thiswith beautifula lustrous10 walnutx 14 GOLDENfinish shadowboxPLAQUE, setframe.off

The symbolism is striking. Contrast appears. Aappreciationcompliment forto anyyourchurch,outgoingor a bishop.thoughtfulIdealgift forof

it with the polluted air, water, and But others, recalling deserts that slidedisplayingpicturepicturesin and ofhang.past Onlybishoprics,$13.95 too.postpaid.Just

much of the life abounding in the have been made to blossom, barren Send your ward name and number to old Jerusalems: fields that have been made to SPECIALTIES STUDIO

"And the city had no need of the bloom, yards that have been Box 295 TREM0NT0N, UTAH sun, neither of the moon, to shine cleaned, sense challenge in the in it: for the glory of God did vision. Let us try to emulate the COMPLETESPORTINGLINE OFGOODSBIG NAME

lighten it, and the Lamb is the light holy city, they say. We may not WILSONRIDDELL-SAND

thereof."(Rev. 21:23.) build it foursquare. Jasper walls

Life within the jasper walls it may never have, nor foundations beckons. The vision holds many, garnished with precious stones.

many attractions. "... there shall But we can clean up, paint up,

be no more death, neither sorrow, brighten up. We can cease to litnor crying, neither shall there be ter the streets and foul the

any more pain...."(Rev. 21:4.) atmosphere. We can improve Suppliers of the

Absent are "the fearful, and unbestreet lighting. Yes, let us try to Official AllChurch

lieving, and the abominable, and emulate the vision of the holy city. Tournament Balls

murderers, and whoremongers, and We can strive for the New Jeruit vent sorcerers, and idolators, and all salem, in our home, in our town, liars...."(v. 8.) And "the city in our city. rown SPORTS

was pure gold, like unto clear The key to the possibilities is phone;

4877726 glass."(v. 18.) Furthermore, the given in Revelation 22:1115. If it

city was nourished by a pure river is not the perfect key, at least the 1176 EAST 2 1ST SOUTH SALT LAKE CITY, UTAHiwt of water of life, clear as crystal, way is made clear. Freedom is

proceeding out of the throne of preserved. The unjust may remain

God and of the Lamb. unjust. The filthy may remain

"In the midst of the street of it, filthy. But not in the City Beautiand on either side of the river, was ful. "Blessed are they that do his 'A

there the tree of life, which bare commandments, that they might twelve manner of fruits, and have the right to the tree of life, yielded her fruit every month: and and may enter in through the gates LingerieLingerie of Modesty

the leaves of the tree were for the into the city"(v. 14. Italics Earn while you learn to be a trained

healing of the nations."(Rev. added. fashion consultant. Show our exquisitely

22:1-2.) The Bible beckons man, bereft designed lingerie and "At Home FashPhoenix and Philadelphia, Mosof Eden, to bend his efforts toorions"writeon yourLeVoy's,own Inc.,time. 2511Call 4373621,So. West

cow and Madrid, Boston and ward the beautiful city, toward the Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84115.

Bangkok, Algiers and Albany—all vision of the New Jerusalem. The

need the vision of the New task of rebuilding our cities and

Jerusalem. There, in the New Jetowns is a task for every man. The

rusalem, the war on poverty is over. work is not only for governments,

The air is clean and fresh. The city fathers, or county agents, but

water is pure. The trees yield for each of us. If we want all

fruit throughout the year. things new, and a little better, in JEWELRY CO.

But there remains a problem. this world, we will all have to be2WEST2ND. SOUTH DA 2-1039

The New Jerusalem, in John's vicome a little better ourselves. O SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH

INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER

March 1967 95 End of an Era

For, lo, the winter is past, the The little boy was selling The first day of spring is rain is over and gone; the flowers lemonade from two pitchers. In one thing, the first spring day

appear on the earth; the time front of one was a sign, "Five is another. The difference

of the singing of birds is come, cents a glass."In front of the between them is sometimes as

and the voice of the turtle is other was a sign, "Two cents great as a month.—Henry Van

heard in our land.—Song of a glass."An old gentleman Dyke, "Fisherman's Luck"

Solomon 2:1112 stopped, looked at the signs, and

bought a glass of the lemonade "Do you remember what Juliet at two cents. When he had "I see you are mentioned

said to Romeo on the balcony?"finished, he asked, "How do you in a book that's just been

"No. What?""Why didn't you expect to sell lemonade at five published.

get orchestra seats!"cents when you offer such a M 0h? What book?"

good drink for two cents?""Well,""The telephone directory."

the boy replied, "the cat fell "End of an Era"will pay $3 for in that twocent pitcher about humorous anecdotes and experiences fifteen minutes ago, so I thought Devote each day to the object relating to Latterday Saint way of life. Maximum length 150 words. I'd better sell out fast before then in time, and every evening the news spreads too far!"will find something done.—Goethe

The first thing to turn green—Frankin springMcKinneyis ChristmasHubbard,jewelry.

American humorist Life Among the Mormons The hardest tumble a man can make is to fall over his own

Bierce Primary bluff.—Ambrose

By Virginia Maughan Kammeyer With the calm patience of the woods I wait For leaf and blossom when God gives us Spring!

Out on the church lawn, The bell has rung;—John Greenleaf Whittier, "A Day"

Jimmie They march inside, Just gave Angela a sock. Forgetting various scars, Mormonism is an everyday

And Georgie there And become, religion.... True religion must

Has pasted As by a miracle, enter every affair of life and

Little Stevie with a rock. Sunbeams and shining Stars. be made useful there. Then,

only, can full contentment be attained; then, only, may a Next Month: Stake Visitors

person be expected to make the most of life, whatever—Dr.his situationJohn A.inWidtsoelife.

96 Improvement Era 'SmJ*"———

ro) Cy lj

(0 f *,"""*"*",

-X CovingtonSteve V.

iSafe fe / fi*jf

y

Brigham Young University V) TRAVEL STUDY TOURS 1. BIBLE LANDS TOUR

May 17 - June 8—Rome, Egypt, Athens, Lebanon, Damascus,

Jerusalem, Bethlehem, Nazareth, and others.

2. CHURCH HISTORY - PAGEANT TOUR

July 22 - 30—Hill Cumorah Pageant, Sacred Grove, Kirtland,

Independence, Nauvoo, Carthage, Haun's Mill, and more. 71

3. GENEALOGY TOUR TO BRITAIN

July 11 - August 17—Personal supervised research throughout Britain and

optional tour to Belgium, France, Switzerland, Germany and Holland.

4. CENTRAL AMERICA AND MEXICO TOUR

June 22 - July 9—A fascinating tour through ruins from Book of Mormon David E. Gardnel

times in Guatemala, Honduras and Yucatan to Mexico City and Acapulco.

#l"Tt"T'

David H. Pratt

CirLXJLTXnxq <y,yv, XLWJ

& VJ LaMarC. Berrelt

on R. Hartshorn

f f Tf Truman Lynn A Mail this coupon today! MadsenG. ToFEATURING tt&MMcKinlay

Travel Study, Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah

Please send me detailed itineraries for tours circled.

I.Bible Lands Tour 3.Genealogy TourBritain

/ 2. Church HistoryPageant 4. Central Am. -Mexico

I Name Address - V City State Zip Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

It's... Beneficial'NEW

Lifetime Security A unique "oncein-a-lifetime"plan that provides these benefits:

Protection adjusts to changing needs health or occupation.

throughout lifetime of policyowner, with additional coverage at peak need periods Paid up for life at age 65, with no when family is growing. additional cost.

Premium stays at same low level "Lifetime Security"can be extended to throughout life of the policy. become an allin-one family policy at

small extra cost.

Protection increases without regard to

Here's how it works:

$50,000 i $50,000

ILLUSTRATION OF

A 5-UNIT POLICY:

$30,000

$7,500

$5,000 NO FURTHER PREMIUM Age Age Age Age PAYMENTS 50 55 60 65

For details, consult your Beneficial Life Man.

He'll meet you any time, any place. BENEFICIAL LIFE

(jfntoilanee ffitmpanu

Virgil H. Smith, Pro. Salt Lake City, Utah