IMPROVEMENT

JUNE 1952

Colleen Kay Hutchins

Miss America

kr '"--:..

Natural Gas is a resource which is helping to build more attractive, cleaner communities in the "Center of Scenic America"

Big Cottonwood Canyon,

the from center of And the Mountain Fuel Supply Company less than half an hour Salt City. Lake

is constantly expanding its exploration efforts and distribution facilities with the ultimate objective of providing a supply adequate to meet all needs.

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY cookies or more in every box!

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

"\\7hat is the most dangerous competitive sport? Fatal injuries in

sports 19181950 in New York City were: baseball fortythree, football

twentytwo, boxing twentyone, basketball 7, handball 3, soccer 2, wrestling 2, cricket 1, golf 1, polo 1, and track 1. Baseball thus resulted in

more fatalities than football and boxing combined.

"p ire, where people once starved in large numbers, has halved her population in the last century.

Calmon have been marked in the

Willamette and Columbia rivers before their descent to the sea. Results

indicate that the fish return to the original river, and a surprisingly large percentage of the recaptured fish are recovered from very small tributary streams from which the original fish had been marked. Curiously, fish whichhave been developed from eggs derived Sftcckmfrom Willamette fish, but which have CflflDy TOPPtD COOKIES

been hatched and reared in the upper

Columbia, return as adults to the

Columbia, in the spring, at the time 50 Snookies or more in everywhen the fish return to the Willamette, instead of in the autumn as those do box—cost only about 10c a

in the run into the upper reaches of dcien!

the Columbia.

t he worst foe of the tarantula spider in the Lake Shunet region of Russia in central Asia is the sheep. The sheep Loaded with rich creamery

puts his tongue into the spider's hole butter and fresh eggs.

and waits until the spider fastens into the warm tongue, whereupon the sheep swallows the angry, hairy spider.

C ir Harold Hartley recently estimated Sprinkled with gaily -colored that the world's annual consumpcinnamon candies—red, yeltion of every kind of energy is equivalent to the energy of four billion tons low, green, white, purple.

of coal. On a thermal basis this is

met by food from agriculture 20 perlignite 41 cent, by coal and percent, by oil 25.5 percent, 6 percent, by by Get Snookies—Purity's newestwood

natural gas 6.5 percent, by hydrocookies—next time you shop.

electricity 1 percent. About 30 percent

then comes from current revenue of plant animal water and growth and power and the remainder from the PURITYSalt Lake BISCUIT Pocatello COMPANY Phoenix capital resources of coal and oil.

JUNE 1952 377 THE AMERICAN PRESIDENTIAL RACE FOR perfect, low cost

PUBLIC SEATING AS REPORTED IN THE GERMAN PRESS

As the West German republic moves By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM NEW toward readmission into the family Head of Political Science Department,

nations, especially as a fullfledged University of Utah AilMetal of creases in German public opinion as for reelection. Life magazine (the Samson ally of the Western powers, interest inreported in the German press. American pictorial magazine) in its

Folding Chairs Readers will recall the presidential editorial the following week congratuprimary election in Minnesota, March lated the President upon "reaffirming"1952, when General Dwight D. Eisen and readhering to the once famous

hower attained surprising success with twoterm tradition. As readers are

"writein"votes. This item received aware, under the U. S. Constitution as

headlines in the Stuttgart Zeitung and amended in 1951, the presidential term other prominent papers. Senator Taft henceforward is limited to a maximum

withdrew his name from the New Jersey of eight years. President Truman, howprimary in that same month. This fact ever, was exempted from the twentywas also headlined. About March 21, second amendment.

1952, the Allgemeine Zeitung (Mainz) The Truman renunciation received issued a frontpage story on what it regreat play in the German press. The

ferred to as the "antiTruman"movereport stressed two principal points of ment in the United States. Said this view: (1) that under the Truman adnewspaper, "The antiTruman fever ministration the United States "had

curve has reached a deentered"global politics;

gree against which all the (2) that Mr. Truman

doctor's art is powerless. had been a "friend of

All signs are against the Europe."

president. The people of Editorial comments in

Similar to America want new faces, the majority of the Germodel shown above new personalities, and man papers, including new initiative, before all the Berlin press in the "Also available with spring cushion or wood a new government free American zone, appeared seat. from corruption and to be highly appreciative

Ideal for scandal. The name of of President Truman's

draw."rightist stated can no longer press achievements. Truman The Schools # Churches the Frankfurter time same quarter, About that have in one Germans "The Halls Meeting Lodges TaftEisen- the discussed for."to Allgemeine Frankthank him The much or public seatany hall where

ing comfort is essential. hower race for the Republican nominafurter Rundschau praised Truman as

tion. This segment of German opinion "'a brilliant tactician."Most papers, acexperienced as Senator an described Taft received to cording reports in the United

seat comfortable Larger, * more prointentions "tactician"and States, whose President that the maintained to stand Strong on enough * peoto the American are "known"gram to his candidacy only renounced make can't cut fingers seat Safety hinge * alple, Eisenhower, General whereas General Eisenhower Truway for who Noiseless action folding compact, * easily stored though "immensely popular,"was held man believes (thus run the German "k Six smart decorator colors to be an unknown factor politically accounts) would continue the Truman * Will not tip or fold when open speaking. Said the article further, "It is foreign policy. It was further stated that

*"Electrically welded steel tube legs no exaggeration to say that the Eurohad President Truman remained in the * Chip proof, nonchalking enamel finpeans see much more clearly what the race, he would have fought "energeticalish on all metal parts general would mean to them politically"against Robert A. Taft and would

* Specially arched tubular steel cross ly."As to Senator Taft the same source have defeated the latter. Such was the

braces for extra rigidity held, "It cannot be denied that much of opinion of several significant German "k Electrically steel tube welded Social seat what Taft does and says frightens us newspapers. Democrats and The

used throughout screws Frame—no Europeans."less of their press were complimentary

glides furniture replace- * Steel with able newtype rubber feet The same commentator held the view the Truman achievements. A paper in

k Padded, cushioncomfort spring seat that what Europe saw behind Taft was Essen opined Truman to be "a slick "k Concave, formfitting, upholstered. "MacArthur's mighty shadow,"and imshowman"whose speech of renunciaback rest plied that should Mr. Taft become tion had all the earmarks of an election

"k All metal parts rustproofed by "bonpresident, he would appoint General speech and was the result of resentderizing process"MacArthur to head the U. S. general ment.

staff! The paper predicted, in conclusion, An important newspaper in Hamburg

that whether Eisenhower or Taft should reported that whether Eisenhower or be the standard bearer, the Republican Truman were to be the next president, ZCMI party had but a single aim in 1952—to nothing (in their opinion) would be

OFFICE OUTFITTERS return to power after two decades. changed in U. S. foreign policy. An57 SO. STATE ST. SALT LAKE CITY On March 29, 1952, President Harry other account argued that the Truman

Phone 3-1575 -Ext. 442 S. Truman made his historic announcedecision "was a confirmation of the

ment that he would not be a candidate (Concluded on page 471) 378 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ANEW OFFER FOR BETTER READING, BETTER LIVING

ThorndikeBarnhart THE PENNINGTONS CREATIVE HOME THE GREATEST BOOK CRUSADE IN EUROPE

DESK DICTIONARY By Basil Partridge DECORATING EVER WRITTEN By Dwight D. Eisenhower

A really comprehensive The full, rich story of By The Rockows By Fulton Oursler The whole gigantic drama story dictionary, incorpo- a Testament large The Old wonderful home II and of the World in War your wonders—Work

all rating Eve, the advances Moses family Adam, Canadian during battles, strategy, the the this with manhuge home

Biblical—ofall last the of this achieved of the the immorduring cendays in fateful illusual 500! Contains decisions—told

!; 100 80,- tals years Contains beautisimply their tury of and problems; a acand trations 41 fullcolor warm human early;—

entries, illusover 700 fully narrative in 000 in retold the and ways which the "demonstration count Supreme rooms"; by

pages. almost 900 the by famous form are resolved. author they stepby-step complete the of Allied A Commander

written, modern, trations,Newly Story of Greatest tale family "The wholesome for methods. forces. volume copies 1,000,000 A

for accurate. your must Ever Publisher's all love. Told."lovers.! surely A real PubPub- historic home this sold of book

library permanent edition, home lisher's! you'lllisher's edition, $3.95. edition, 50. S3. 54.95. ed., Orig. pub. $5.00.

HOME REPAIRS THE PRESIDENT'S LADY THE LIVING BIBLE HANDY HOME AMERICA COOKS

MADE EASY By Irving Stone Ed. by Robert O. Ballou MEDICAL ADVISER By The Browns

By Lee Frankl The gripping love story All the great stories, hisBy Morris Fishbein, M.D. Contains over 1600 recitories, inspirfinest and of pes poems each Rachel the foreof America's—One that shows book you Jackson—how A

set ing in passages big, states the of by the from written maligned she has doctors was 48 most repair of—to every do how

type, for arranged this oldfash- new clear, by mouthwatering complete nation and and job your around home is easy reading. favorites overText set authoritative upto- ioned to that yet guide enemies her Features instrucclear-cut—attacked

in will taste help sensations theminute understand you paragraphs. all open through decame odds tions, easyto-fol- 2,056

illnesses. of delight will your our that Psalms appear many own poems, to to husband, her votion pictures, diagrams, low

dipalate. Crystalclear Covers but reand the symptoms Great PresidenWordsas the to lead him you'll drawings. volume A

it in treatments easily! impossirections unmake main Pubunchanged. States of the! cy United for use Publisher's years

derstood terms. ble to lisher's wrong. go edition, $3.75. edition, Publisher's $3.50. edition, 56. 95.

WHY WE MAKE THIS SENSATIONAL OFFER! MAIL COUPON NOW!

Family this Club ReadingThe makes Books "Bonus"Free membership with THE CHECK BOOKS WANT YOU 3 offer tounusual demonstrate how memdistributes a Family Reading The Club in the brings Club the best you Dept. YORK MINEOLA, 6-ER, FAMILY CLUB. READING NEW for four free Club each "Bonus"Book most enjoyable books at new much will take. books These you checked Please at send three books have the once meandbershipless publishers''than the regular editions! Cooks America fj] of excelthe high standards selectionsmeet Club first right the at as Gift and two BooksI my publishersEach submit month they books writing interest, superior and for bill delivery) selection, (plus only Club and Membershipme willbelieve the meet Family Reading Creative Home subject can lence,wholesome matter—and you of three. Family the enroll Also as $1.89member me standards.Club Editors select Our then fine this at library a up home way Decorating of review allReading aeach Club a me, month, and sendthe they book can recommend enmost extra of expense. buildno purchase books The I privilege Club's selection. the the forthcoming havethusiastically. are These books which for $1.89 inthe from only each—Club in Crusade Europe if I of in accept notifying to wish not do advance you every member of your family can readstead of in publishers'to $4.00 $3.00 the special selection, the or offered—at any alternate bookbooks safely you can leave older where original from editions—saves you 35 Greatest The (plus Book postage price of members'and only each $1.89children if can read they them wish- '/, to 50 accept. each book on you And fees, handling). or are and membership dues There to no in Writtenbooks be retained Ever library your home is of the value the Books when Bonus I selections alternates or four accept as as may few pride.with

in, figured as as save can you much 60% will during twelve the a coming member, As months. Home Handy What Means [3 To You of dollars! your book Iselecreceive free four Club a Bonus each with Book Membershipis There charge for no in membership Adviser Medical tions or I alternates accept.the Family Reading Join Club beyond Money Send the cost—No Now

of the books themselves. SPECIAL NORISK GUARANTEE: You pay only If in will Repairs believe club you book a which Home

If$1.89 each (plus all in books will not return delighted, I postage and handling) of finest to appeal instincts the every Easy Madefor the books 7 canceled. will this purchase days you after Be and membership reading let of family, us introduce your member

the book review magazine will which to you Family the Club Reading NOW, Bible Living The Mr. to yourcome each is it home month, not while of get can choice you your ANY Mrs to purchase a book every the wonderful described books THREE Pennington? print) Miss (Please The acceptnecessarymonth—you as may few as four here oftwo as your Membership FREE—yeareach to retain Street your All and No. membership. first as selection one your and Club President's Lady Theselections are new, complete, wellfor only $1.89! Gift,—just money, no Sendprinted and wellbound. And your books mail the as this today. However, coupon City State...Zone ThorndikeBarnhart delivered be to your door the by offer unusual Q at be withdrawn any may

:. if 21 Age, Toronto price in 105 St. Same Canada Bond willpostmanready to read! Dictionary Desk time, to urge mail we you the coupon NOW J 21 TJ. Offer f1 Under in the Canada. S. only ood and A.

FAMILY READING CLUB MINEOLA, NEW YORK

JUNE 1952 379 LJfficial L/raan of a THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, IMPROVEMENT MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES ers: OF

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Jhe Lnurcn of

sjeduS Lhriil

of cJLatteraau Saintd r*> r VOLUME 55 r> NUMBER 6 <> June 1952

Editors: DAVID 0. McKAY - JOHN A. WIDTSOE - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Manuscript Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT - Research Editor: ALBERT L.

ZOBELL, JR. - "Today's Family"Editor: BURL SHEPHERD

Editors: Contributing ARCHIBALD

S. HARRIS, JR. - HUGHF. BENNETTNIBLEY - - G. LEEHOMERA. PALMERDURHAM Jke L-cover FRANKLIN

CLAUDE B. PETERSEN - SIDNEY B. SPERRY

Genera/ Manager: ELBERT

Business Manager: JOHN R.D.CURTISGILES -- AdvertisingAssociate Manager:Director: BERTHAVERL F. S. SCOTTREEDER This picture of Colleen Hutchins—"Miss

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR America, 1952"—was photographed by

Three Lions at Vestavia, Roman Temple

Garden, near Birmingham, Alabama.

The fullcolor plates were furnished

The Editor's Page quarterlythrough thepublicationcourtesy ofof ListenThe Magazine,American "What Doth It Profit V* President David O. McKay 391 Temperance Society.

Church Features

General Conference Index 384 Evidences and Reconciliations—What is the Meaning of "Evils EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES

and Designs"?—CLXVI John A. Widtsoe 392 50 North Main Street

of 398 Hugh Nibley The World the Jaredites—X St. Main North Offices, 50 Y.M.M.I.A. Section 405 General Conference

St. Main 40 North Offices, Y.W.M.I.A. Phases of Presentday Conditions Favorable Unfavorable and

President David O. McKay 406 Salt Lake City 1, Utah

The Tabernacle President Stephen L Richards 409

CorporaFunds, Mutual 1952 by Copyright from the Beginning Planned Our Destiny Inc.,Improvementa Mutual Men's of the Young

.- -.- of Christ of Jesus Church the of President J* Reuben Clark, Jr. 412 tionAssociation

Subreserved. rights All Saints. Latterday President Fulfilment of Prophecy Fielding Smith 414 Joseph

foreign in year, advance; a price, $2.50

Passes, Albert L. Priesthood Melchizedek David A. Smith in 25c advance; year, a $3.00 472 scriptionsubscriptions,

Zobell, Jr 382 Presiding Bishopric's Page 474 single copy.

The Church Moves On 386 Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, for mailing Acceptance matter. secondclass as

in section provided for postage rate of at special

Special Features 1918.1103, Act of October 1917, authorized July 2,

responsible for unnot Era Improvement C. Prospectus 393 The Josephson Conference June Marba

contributions. welcomes butis manuscripts, solicited

Julia Sails the Seven Seas Old Glory Wolfe 395 When W. by sufficient accompanied be must All manuscripts Colleen Hutchins—Miss America 1952 Doyle L. Green 396 postage for delivery and return.

A Study in Good and Evil Gerrit de Jong, Jr. 402 That Missionary—Ben E* Rich Change of Address

from materials submitted by Benjamin L* Rich 403 Fifteen days'notice required for change of adinclude please change, ordering a dress. When The Spoken Word from Temple Square

of the magazine. issue slip a recent from

old unless the be made cannot changes Richard L. Evans 460, 464, 468, 473 addressAddress

Exploring the Universe, Franklin Skidmore 476 address as well as the new one is included.

S. Harris, Jr 377 Color in the Dining Room, A. D.

These Times, The American PresiMacEwen 477 dential Race as Reported in the Unique Party Decoration, You National Advertising Representatives 378 Press German Can Do It, Alan W. Farrant....480..-—- 404 the Bookrack On COMPANY TOWNSEND Bride's Breakfast 482 EDWARD S. 488 The Page and Ours Your Building Russ

Today's Family—476 Handy Hints 484 San Francisco, California

Can My Parents Help Me Prettyup Your Bathroom, Ruth HENRY G. ESCHEN,

Choose a Vocation? Rex A. Jeffrey 485 EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

1324 Wilshire Blvd.

Los Angeles 17, California Stories, Poetry SADLER AND SANGSTON ASSOCIATES

A Day With Father Christie Lund Coles 400 New342 YorkMadison17, Ave.N. Y.

H. DAVIS RAY Frontispiece, Sacred Grove, Leone Legacy,

St. LaSalle 30 N. 389 E. McCune To A Bride'sB. E. H.House,HarrisElaine V. 461 Illinois Chicago,

Poetry Page 390 Emans.487

Grapevine Swing, Ethel Peak 426 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

380 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ALL THESE DECORATING HELPS UompJSm make successful color planning so much easier for you!

Near you there's a Color Planning Center—your Fuller Paint

Dealer! There you'll find practical decorating helps you can use!

Help in color selection! Help in achieving color harmony with Put chosen color swatches in this

your present room accessories! Even help in doing the painting, Color Plan folder. Take them home

for careful consideration. Take them

if you desire! All these helps are for you—and all free! Why not shopping to colorcheck fabrics. Save

use them? W. P. Fuller & Co. color errors—save disappointments

—save time!

Howto-Paint folders help you achieve professionallooking results.

Tell you what you need, what to do, and how to do it. A folder for each

job! Get the ones you want.

* FULCOLOR W.R FULLER & CO. Jewel Case

%.-.

Hundreds of modern interior colors in this famous

Jewel Case! Pick up color swatches. Compare

color combinations—quickly get just the color

scheme you really want. It's the easy, quick, sure

way to start your color planning.

Your neighborhood FULLER PAINT DEALER Now most Fuller Paint Dealers will to use. ready you want, mix any color is your helpful get mixers can Dealers yet without

your colors for you within 24 hours.

UZrt&b Service you'll appreciate!

DAVID A. SMITH

PASSES

by Albert L. Zobell, Jr

David A.

Smith

TheChurchmembershipwas saddenedof theon genera)entire conference Sunday, April 6, 1952, when President David O. McKay announced at the beginning of the

The special Wicks Organ morning session that Bishop David A.

and console designed for Smith had passed away. Death had

the Boston, American come that morning at 8:15.

Convention. Organists "Guild of

for this size So closed the earthly career of a price Details and instrument gladly furnished. man who had used the time and

energy of his lifespan to the building

earth. WoJTT.you can own upstrongof inthetheChurch and making it

a wicks pipe organ andA greatfull generationin the Churchof theknewhumblehim as a member of the Presiding Bishopof that he gave there ric, for it was...from $X850 for his wisdom of and counsel his

.. more than thirty years. He was here is the real thing

at the price of imitations selectedsiding Bishopas secondCharlescounselorW. Nibleyto Prein

Yes, you can now buy a magnificent Wicks Organ for as December 1907. When Bishop Orlittle as $2,850 (details and illustration supplied on request). rin P. Miller, first counselor in the

In Seattle, Every part of each Wicks is "custom built"by skilled Presiding Bishopric, died in 1918,

Washington, the artisans, and carries a complete guarantee of satisfaction. Bishop Smith was advanced to first

console with Reprepurchased Wicks be instruments may smaller The called was Nibley Bishop counselor.

is: cathedral as well as sentative Mr. These, desired. as or detached attached 1925, in Presidency May First the to noted W.Allen, Charles tone, DIRECT inspired Wicks have organs, size was Smith Bishop 1925, in June and First Ave., upkeep. 10708 economical and ACTION, ELECTRIC the in first counselor as called again Seattle Northwest, Wicks Dunn, Melvin Mr. W. of appointment recent The Preto this time Bishopric, Presiding Washington 33, available area, makes City Salt Lake for the Representative

an expert and personal service for Wicks buyers. Inquiries siding Bishop Sylvester Q. Cannon.

should be addressed to: Here he served until the April conMr. Melvin W. Dunn. 481 10th Ave. Salt Lake City, Utah ference of 1938.

A legion of missionaries and Saints were now to know him as their presiTB WICKS ORGAN dent. He was called to preside over

the Canadian Mission that year of COMPANY 1938, and he directed the labors in that part of the Lord's vineyard WICKS until 1944. Here, in 1939, came a

... ILLINOIS share of missionaries from warin HIGHLAND ORGANS {Concluded on page 385)

It is difficult to write a definition of the American way.

But it is easy to find good examples. Here is one:

BY 1970...

"Butcher, butcher, kill ox; Now we come to things that kept this chain reOx won't drin\ water; action from fizzling out

Water won't quench fire; The aluminum industry did forecast increasing

Fire won't bum stic\; uses for aluminum, and planned expansion.

Stic\ won't beat dog; People in the electric utility business did forecast

Dog won't bite pig; America's needs for electric power up to five years

Piggy won't get over the stile, ahead, and placed orders.

And I shan't get home tonight!"The electrical industry did forecast what it would

take to build the turbines and generators the utilities would need. Six years ago, in the pessimistic postwar

Keep this nursery rhyme firmly in mind, and it year of 1946, General Electric broke ground for a vast will be easier to understand a dramatic and new turbine plant. When this was completed in 1950,

similar chain reaction now happening in America. General Electric's turbinemanufacturing capacity

Like the old lady in the rhyme, Uncle Sam wants was upped 60 per cent.

action—steel, aluminum, defense production. Two So it looks as if Uncle Sam will get his two billion

billion pounds or more of aluminum this year, for pounds of aluminum this year. A lot more than we

example. could produce in a hurry unless some people had

... But we won't get more aluminum without acted on the right hunch about America's needs—

more plants. five or six years ago.

... But plants won't run unless we have more elecWe wrote this story about aluminum. We could

tricity—and lots of it. (For instance, just to make have written the story about steel, or chemicals.

the aluminum planned this year, it will take as America's electric generating capacity must backstop much electricity as 125 million homes would use.) them all.

... But there won't be this electricity unless we That's why electric output is a good measure of a

have more turbines and generators to make it. nation's current productive strength.

... But there won't be more turbines and generaHere are some figures worth thinking about:

tors coming into towns on flatcars unless somebody U.S. electric output in \ilowatthours

had started making them more than a year ago. It

1940 140 billion normally takes 64 weeks to build a modern turbine1950 330 billion generator, even after design and engineering have 1960 600 billion (est.)

been done. 1970 one trillion?

... But a lot of these extra turbinegenerators A trillion kilowatthours of electric power for

couldn't have been started over a year ago unless America by 1970? When business foresight is added

people in the electrical industry had started expandto research and engineering under a free economy, ing their plants several years before that. things like this can happen.

w cwiMt/yeut CO??, wb??.?- 24Z—

GENERAL ELECTRIC

JUNE 1952 383 CONFERENCE INDEX

SPEAKERS

Benson, Ezra Taft 431 McConkie, Bruce R....430

Bowen, Albert E. 433 McKay, David O. 406

Buehner, Carl W. 452 McKay, Thomas E. 419

Christiansen, EIRay L. 454 Petersen, Mark E. 442

Clark, J. Reuben, Jr. 412 Richards, LeGrand 446

Cowley, Matthew 441 Richards, Stephen L 409

Evans, Richard L. 435 Smith, Eldred G.—425

Hunter, Milton R. 456 Smith, Joseph Fielding 414

Isaacson, Thorpe B. 415 Sonne, Alma 438

Ivins, Antoine R. 437 Stapley, Delbert L. 427

Kimball, Spencer W. 417

Widtsoe, John A. 422

Kirkham, Oscar A. 440

Wirthlin, Joseph L 450

Young, Clifford E. 436

Longden, John 439PLAY TO Lee, Harold B. 458

Morris, George Q. 421 Young, Levi Edgar 42S

Young, S. Dilworth 420 WIN! Moyle, Henry D. 423

WITH THE 1952 SUBJECTS Rawlings America 423, 431 Prophecy.414

ACCELERATED Appreciation 438 Religion 421

Authority 427 Righteousness 427

Blessings, 425 Salvation 412, 427, 440SOFTBALL

Book of Mormon 428 Serve the Lord 417

Double GumWound Brotherly Love 439 Special Witnesses 458

Extra Durable Chastity 432 Spirit Within 430

Accurate Peppy! Destiny 412 Tabernacle 409

Encouragement 425 Teaching 419, 428

Faith 415, 433, 437, 438, 450, 458 Testimony 412, 440, 446

Following Counsel 416 Value of Work 452

Free Agency 406 Word of Wisdom 448 Government 406, 423, 431 Youth 425, 440 Growth through Gospel 421 Humility 420

Irrigation 422

Jesus Christ 430 Joseph Smith 430 Authorities exAll of the General Note: Live the Commandments 417, 456

of the cept Elder Marion G. Romney

Love 419, 439 Council of the Twelve and Elder Stayner

Richards, Assistant to the Council of the

Life Eternal 430 Twelve, addressed sessions of the general

Missionary Work 415 conference."Church of theElderAir"Romneybroadcast,spokewhichon willthe

SpcvitU#vGoocU. Obedience 420, 427, 456 be printed in the July Improvement Era.

Elder Richards, who is presiding over the

StephPresident President O. David McKay, lSjeMMAttiMother love 419 British Mission, did not attend conference. Blessings 425 Patriarchal Richards, Clark, President Reuben en J. L

FIRST 65 WEST SOUTH presiStover, former Elder Jr., Walter and

439, 440 Peace LAKE CITY SALT of Mission, spoke the East dent German

Branches Bennett's—and

in Utah and Idaho Political Responsibilities 423 ataddressesthe priesthoodwill be publishedsession. Reportsin the ofConferthese

Priesthood 425, 428 ence Report.

384 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA David A. Smith Passes

(Concluded from page 382) NEW! TIMELY!

flamed Europe, to finish out their mission terms in the provinces ofeastern Canada under President CHURCH

Smith's direction.

Home again in 1944, his next BOOKS assignment was to direct activities on

Salt Lake City's famed Temple for Spiritual Growth

Square. Temple Square had been a

"second home"for him for years.

He had served as president of the Here are new books that are instrucTabernacle Choir from 1908 through tive, inspiring and stimulating...

arthe years had over 1938, and will that have a wide usage books choir, for the excursionsranged many activity. in Church your

in expositions, Chito worldnotably cago and San Diego, both in the thirties. Much good for the Church

had resulted from these trips. It was EJT"'.'

he who, as choir president and as a PRICELESS FOR TEMPLE MARRIAGES member of the Presiding Bishopric, /T7had done much of the pioneering BRIDAL BOOK work in getting the choir and organ Record your priceless memories in this attractive. It'scompletedesignedfromfor engagementthose marriedtoon the radio networks. For four Bridal"at home"Bookhours...

years he was to direct the tourists leatherettein L.D.S. covertemples.with goldIn lovely,embossedwashablelettering. white

coming to see Temple Square.

He was a man who loved youth, $g.50

who liked to be with them, and to help them accomplish things. He was

at one time an Aaronic Priesthood supervisor in his ward. At another NEW! ENLIGHTENING!

time he was a member of the Liberty board, School and Stake Sunday a THE WRITINGS of PARLEY P. PRATT Men's of the Young Mumember

tual Improvement Association stake Compiled by Parker Robinson superintendency. He was once a The wisdom, diplomacy, loyalty and courage of this great $4-00member of the general board of the volume,man are Doctrinalbrilliantlysubjects,presentedJosephin thisSmithnewandandtheinspiringDevil,

Deseret Sunday School Union. areFountainbut a offewKnowledge,of the faithpromotingEternal Life, andwritingsHeavenyou'llon Earthenjoy

... many of them heretofore unpublished. He was a worthy grandson of the

martyred Patriarch, Hyrum Smith.

He was born in Salt Lake City, May 24, 1879, a son of President Joseph

F. and Julina Lambson Smith. He NEW INSPIRING SONG BOOK FOR CHILDREN

married Emily Jenkins, January 24, 1901. them To K to SING *#m of large a ings

T. Holbrook Glenna hadfamily—sevencome the blesssons bySONGSMarjorie C. Kjar and

and two daughters, and they were At last... a song book especially for the youth */*****

proud that each son had fulfilled a of the Church. Junior Sunday Schools will find

mission for the Church. thethe songsgospelandmoreversesadequatelyof great valueto thein presentingchildren.

A son, David J., preceded Bishop Rich, beautiful and heartstirring.

Smith in death. His widow and the A $2-oo

following sons and daughters survive him: Asael J., Denver; Alfred J.,

Robert J., both of Salt Lake City;

Edward J., Elmer J., both of Arlington, Va.; and Hyrum J., of New

FROM York; Mrs. Frank A. (Mahala) Cook, ORDER

YOUR LOCAL Ottawa; and Louise A. Smith of Salt DEALER OR

Lake City. DIRECTBOOKCRAFTFROM Funeral services were held WedBoohfaft

nesday, April 9, in the Assembly Hall 1186 Salt SOUTHLake CityMAIN4, Utah on Temple Square.

JUNE 1952 385 THE CHURCH MOVES ON

C The general conference of the general board of the Deseret Sunday

March 1952 ** Church continued. School Union, president of the Salt

General priesthood meeting was atLake Tabernacle Choir, director of Temradio Path a Declared,"a "The boys. tended by 16,769 ple Square, of president and the and men The ""address of President Reuben J. Tabernacle, Assembly Hall, Barratt Mission, died at the age and Canadian

Clark, Jr., was released by the National Hall were filled for this session of the seventytwo. of

Broadcasting Company. program The conference which broadcast. not was created from Park Rose Third Ward transcribedwas in Salt Lake City and Other mission servicemen's and portions of Riverside Park Rose Ward,sent to it York released where was New groups their held semiannual reunions. (Salt Stake, L. City) Elder with Laketo the radio nationwide audience. Belvedere chapel, Wells Ward (Salt Brent bishop. as Goates sustained Elder Liberty Park created porfrom Ward Stake, City) Lake suffered earlyan ol as Barker retained Robert bishoptions of Liberty (Salt Ward, Liberty fire. morning estimated was Damage First Rose Park Rosedale Ward. Ward Stake,Lake City) with Elder R. Don fifty at dollars. thousand becomes Rose Park Second Ward.Earl sustained as bishop. Karl Elder

E. Nash sustained as bishop of the new

Liberty Ward. Retiring bishop was / "The Requisite for Peace"was

u the title ofClarence radio address a H. Taylor. by 1ftd Speaking"The Livingto theChrist,"EasterPresidentsubject released Richards, Indian Hills Stephen L Ward created from porPresident

tions of Hillside Ward, Monument Park over the National Broadcasting ComDavid O. McKay concluded the series

(Salt Lake City) Stake, with Elder pany. The address had been tranof four Sabbathday radio programs over

Robert R. Child sustained as bishop. scribed in Salt Lake City and released facilities of the National Broadcasting

Elder George W. Poulsen, Jr., sustained from New York City. Company. The transcribed programs

sucessively Elder George had featuredas bishop to Speaking of the the subject Hillside new Ward. "In God We

of Morris, Assistant to the CouncilRetiring Trust,"bishop Elder of Spencer Marion was the Q. G. Romney M. Felsted.

Council of the Twelve delivered the the Twelve; President J. Reuben Clark,

Church of the Air address over the Jr., and President Stephen L Richards

April 1952 Columbia Broadcasting System. of the First Presidency.

Elder LeGrand Richards, Presiding The fourth annual Easter Choral

Salt in the Lake Tabernacle fortysixth conference annual Bishop The for fourteen years, Service of the Church featured the "Requiof Brahms'music ft"of the Primary Association was sustained of the as a member of the CounChurch convened. Much of the day's cil of the Twelve, at the general conem,"and Haydn's "The Seven Words

work was concerned with departmental ference of the Church. of Christ,"by the Salt Lake Taberof direction Choir, the nacle undersessions problems. and Elder L. Joseph Wirthlin suswas President Cornwall. Spencer David J. Brigham University trustees Young tained as Presiding of Bishop the to subject "Christ the spoke O. McKay for plansannounced the construction of Church, succeeding Elder Richards.

is servat these the Risen Today"Lorddormitories that will eight house hunFourteen years as ago sustained he was ices.dred students. project will inThe second counselor to Bishop Richards

clude about sixteen buildings. At the and, following the death of Bishop President David O. McKay dedicated

same time it was announced that about Marvin O. Ashton, sustained, in Decemthe chapel of the West Jordan Second

fortynine percent of the students come ber 1946, as first counselor in the PreWard, West Jordan (Utah) Stake.

from outside the state of Utah and siding Bishopric. Elder Mark E. Petersen of the Counonly about onefourth of the students Elder Thorpe B. Isaacson sustained cil of the Twelve dedicated the chapel

live within commuting distance of the as first counselor to Presiding Bishop of the Bonneville and Provo Fifteenth campus. Joseph L. Wirthlin. He was originally Ward chapel and ProvoEast Provo

sustained as second counselor in the Stake recreation center.

ft Association conferPrimary The of CaliSouthern Choir The Mormon Presiding Bishopric in 1946. December

** after ence concluded of a fullday fornia services at Easter in the sang Elder Carl Buehner, formerly W. instruction.meetings and Included was thirtysecond Easter consecutive Sunof bishop Forest presiDale and Warda testimony sessions, meeting, general rise services in Bowl. Hollywood of (Salt dent Granite City) Stake, Lake

reception aand at the ChilPrimary dren's Hospital. and member of the Church welfare

general committee, sustained as second directors Institute conferheld their counselor in the Presiding Bishopric.

ence, discussing religious of problems A1 Ou Itapproximatelywas annonuncedtwo hundredthat therehomeare collegelevel students. The one hundred and twentysecond Sunday Schools functioning in various

semiannual general conference of the missions in the United States, Canada,

J The 122nd annual general conferChurch concluded. and Mexico. Last year there were seven

ence of the Church convened in "The Voice of God Again Is Heard,"thousand nonmembers of the Church the Tabernacle in Salt Lake City. was the theme of the general conferenrolled in the Primaries throughout

An evening meeting devoted to the ence of the Deseret Sunday School these same missions, plus ten thousand work of the stake and foreign missions Union which convened in the Salt Lake nonmembers who attended Primary seswas held in the Salt Lake Tabernacle. Tabernacle. sions as visitors. The Mutual ImproveGroups of returned missionaries and Elder David A. Smith, formerly second ment Associations have an average of

servicemen held their semiannual reand later first counselor in the Presiding fifteen thousand nonmembers in atunions. Bishopric, formerly a member of the tendance each week.

386 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA your neigfihoi* has

/?* ree Giants

M wor&jngfor Jbu/

They're big and they're powerful... these three

giant turbines that generate all the electric power needed to make the wheels go 'round at Utah Copper's

Bingham Mine, ore haulage system, mills and refinery.

Housed near Magna in a structure as tall as a 14

story building, the three giants could supply the power / needsTheof SaltTurbinesLake City.are powered with steam from three

boilers eight stories high which burn either pulverized

coal or natural gas, or both in combination.

With power in great demand, Utah Copper's ability to produce its own electrical energy leaves the normal

supply available for you.

Three giant turbines, working 24 hours a day, help produce 30% of the nation's new copper and bring us

the benefits of one hundred and twenty million dollars

in annual payrolls, tax payments and supply purchases.

They help Utah's prospects for expansion and progress that will mean an even better life for us all.

UTAH COPPER DIVISION

KENNECOTT COPPER CORPORATf ON A Good Neighbor Helping to Build Better Utah

JUNE 1952 387 Get a head start on your reading program during*$&oVh MiA&the summer months—order these books now.

1. LET'S LIVEby Claude Richards $3.00

2. THE MORMONby Marcus Bach $1.00

3. PILGRIMS PROGRESSJohn Bunyan $1.50

4. ROOM FOR ONE MOREby Ann Perrott Rose

$3.00

5. CHINS UPby Mildred Seydell $1.00

6. SYRIAN YANKEEby Salon Rizk $2.50

7. PERSONAL PROBLEMSby John B. Geisel $2.96

8. THERE'S ALWAYS ADVENTUREby Grace E.

Barstow Murphy $4.00

9. JACOB HAMBLIN AMONG THE INDIANS-....$.25

10. KON TIKIby Thor Heyerdahl $4.00

11. BEHOLD YOUR QUEENby Malvern $2.50

12. GANDHI, FIGHTER WITHOUT A SWORDby Jeanette Eaton $3.00

13. THE MIDDLE BUTTONby Kathryn Worth..$2.50

14. CHILDREN OF THE COVERED WAGON-

N. J. Carr $2.50

15. SYLVAN CITYby Nancy Paschal $2.50

,&<* DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City

Please send the following (circle numbers desired) books:

11 12 13 14 15 m Enclosed is $ m Name

Street or R.F.D

City Zone State All books shipped will be postage prepaid. Residents of 1

tax. sales 2 percent Utah add

VWSiv&ijAJvr-"388 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SACRED GROVE

here, for this is sacred ground, S peak softly

This place where Joseph knelt in humble faith

To ask for guidance. Heavenly beings blessed

And sanctified this spot, prepared the mind

Of Joseph for his mission here on earth.

The maple trees reach upward toward the sky

And form an arch across a graveled path.

Beyond these leafy walls the world moves on

With its great work; but kingdoms of our Lord

Had their beginnings here, when doubts and fears

Had plagued a youthful heart seeking the truth.

Observe how shafts of sunlight penetrate

The maple foliage, giving one brief glimpse

Of divine glory that young Joseph saw.

Speak softly here, for this is sacred ground.

Leone B. AlcCune

—Fellowcraft Studio

....'.:: "':.:;.:::.

GULL ISLAND GOD GRANTS US HOMES BENEATH STARSTUDDED ROOFS

By Ethel Jacobson By Bessie Saunders Spencer By Frances C. Yost

to this inland is like black tent tonight a big skyHere still your The gulls return, roving rivets star the buttoning The small With island My strength.land, your varied homes are

To this bleak volcanic highland From them the dreamers and the thinkers seams;

Where yucca candles burn. come, I feel a soft cool breeze as through a vent.

back, I fancy lying dreams And those who tread the fields, from riant While on myThe sentinel crags stand watching strange, distant explorers length in Of brave

As tireless pinions rest, Of countryside, from velvet floor and slum. Though journeys took them to a foreignlands.

And the eggs with their delicate splotching Lone windows show their squalor or their port,

Are warmed in the ancient nest. lace Did Dewey, Diaz, seek safety on strands?

wellfilled loaf or the screen meager comfort? give this them canopy And Did same the dimly, shallows glimmerWhere

I feel secure. roofs starstudded bowls Beneath gentled with tongue, Crying

life's first of sees the this contour youth coverture. shelter in for Thanks, Where God, gulls wild paddle primlyThe

face, of rippling a wake With souls. great the best of heritage men's young, Their

Till far from this sheltered fastness, But heedless of the walls from which fate WHEN DAISIES BLOOM hurled singing they fly wings On children since our Puritanic start, By Beatrice Munro Wilson sea's great vastness Our beckoningTo the to service in God's growth by show They of sky. freeways the the Down petals winging white with Daisies world

angels of singing small Remind me heart. across the Divinity brushed has

girls little faces with sunny Or are loved DISCOURAGING old grants where us DOWNRIGHT homes God places. dresses, going white In starched and warm, Celia By M. Webb six halfpast just look they (I think faith forth to the with meet go young And

fix age can magic when The Dad storm. goal labor long reach and yourVou little hurting thing Any

toil grit pluck, * Through and and or swing.) of doll In broken world

to folk exclaim, have someOnly "That man has all the luck!"Daisies with wide, golden eyes

Stare with childhood's sweet surprise

REASSURANCE AtAndlovelinessjeweled birdof earthand andbutterflysky;

By Grace Barker Wilson Drifting by the silver brook look. see angels to howHPhere pluck them, and Children sober men

of again. miracles * From isbusya littlehighroads.path thatNoleadssmooth,away hurNotePeek June

rying car, Nor noises from a crowded throng may mar Daisies with white petals winging

Its peacefulness when, at the close of day, Surely are small angels singing!

I turn my feet to wander there. The gray

Of dust grows green and sweet and fresh.

Afar WHEN YOU REFLECT I hear some children's laughter, and there By Daphne Jemmett are

A thousand other lovely things that stay (To a wellmeaning daughter)

My feet: erectwinged butterflies that pause

To kiss the nodding sunflower's goldrimmed 'T'he days can oft more dreary be face; * Than when I toiled unceasingly;

An oldtime fence of silvered poles that I cannot always rest, or nap, gives With hands held idly on my lap.

Rest for a moment; blue jays'raucous caws We all were meant for honest toil

Of warning; willow trees in quiet grace; To wrest a living from the soil;

spin to scrub, and clean and weaveAnd over all, the sense that God still lives.—Photo by Eva Luoma To

idle grieve and sit with hands Not

IN CLOTH OF TENDERNESS AND For things departed—or the ways MOUNTAIN MORNING FEARS Of years when toil filled all my days.

By Janet Moore By Dorothy ]. Roberts Oh, let me sweep and cook and sew

T ramble a pineincensed meadow, Enjoy fatigue—the things I know.

Companioned by sun of ripe gold, When you reflect, I'm sure you'll see

Undimmed by a mote of dust shadow; They little guess how loved they go, I still know what is best for me.

The air is pure crystal to hold How swaddled in a father's caring.

In my palm as I cup the stream's sparkle, These spindly, freckled lads who grow,

Born of high snows and icecold. Pruned by shyness, primed with daring. WHITE MAGIC

To this surfeit of jeweled enchantment, Nor will they learn for years and years, By Yetza Gillespie

The birds add their burden of song, Until their hearts are wrapping '"Phere were white leaves on the lilacs;

Filling my heart near to bursting, The cloth of tenderness and fears Pussy willows had white kittens.

Until with the finches I long About their small sons napping. All the world was still astonished.

fling rapture, breezes the onTo my Spring was wearing soft white mittens 1 its Lest overstrong. prove ache power an

ENGAGEMENT RING There were shell pearls on the red bud,

NO WORK TODAY By Catherine E. Berry AndLiftedtheup singlea colddaffodilwhite trumpet

hill. white the low, cedar To Greenwood By Frances the front bell chimes or someone Craze When fall is stormish, hot, and April? in Sorcery, or snow knocksSummer's

Winter's cold, and spring is warmish; At the back door, I must scurry, Well, whichever view you take,

I can always rake up reasons But teenage daughter, no matter where, Oh, some absentminded angel

Just as long as we have seasons. Gets to the phone in a hurry! Made an exquisite mistake.

390 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA *5&5&5?S5S*S*5555

"What Doth It Profit...?"

(President McKay's closing address at the April "Even so faith, if it hath not works, is dead, general conference. Addresses of all the General being alone.

Authorities are in the special General Conference "Yea, a man may say, Thou hast faith, and I section, beginning on page 405.) have works: shew me thy faith without thy works,

and I will shew thee my faith by my works."

of the Council 2:1418.) Harold B. Lee of the (James Elder

to us. His address spoken has just Twelve As we depart now to go to our various homes,

marks the last of a series of addresses given let us make real the good feelings that have been during this conference by the General Authorities aroused in our souls. Let us not permit to evapoof the Church, all of whom you have heard, exrate from our minds and feelings the good resolucepting Elder Stayner Richards, who is presiding tions we have formed. First, let us resolve that

over the British Mission. Elder Romney, as you from now on we are going to be men of higher

know, gave the Church of the Air address this and more sterling character, more conscious of our morning. own weaknesses, more kind and charitable toThus comes to a close a great conference, another wards others'failings.

glorious opportunity that the Church has had of Let us resolve that we shall practise more selfmeeting together, making new resolutions, receivcontrol in our homes, control our tempers and ing timely instructions, and sustaining the Auour tongues, and control our feelings, that they thorities of the Church. The weather has been may not wander beyond the bounds of right and

most propitious. The attitude of the individuals purity, more seeking the presence of God, realizing

who have assembled in the various gatherings, how dependent we are upon him for success in including the Primary conference, has been hopethis life, and particularly for success in the positions ful, promising, eager, that of the congregations, we hold in the Church.

most responsive. As we leave this conference, let us not only

The messages of the General Authorities have resolve to be more loyal to our quorums but more all been timely and inspirational; the cooperation devoted to the duties assigned us, one of which

of the city officials, ready and efficient. The asis attendance at our quorum meetings, in order to

sistance rendered by the various radio stations, strengthen that group and increase the power of here in our own city, in Idaho, Colorado, Oregon, fellowship and brotherhood, more loyal to our

Nevada, Arizona, and New Mexico, has been the country. This is an election year. Upon you demeans of permitting tens of thousands of people to volves the responsibility of choosing our servants in

hear the proceedings of this the 122nd Annual government, for whoever is elected to preside over

General Conference of the Church. To all we this country as President, as senators, members of

extend words of appreciation, heartfelt expresthe House of Representatives, are your servants, sions of gratitude, for all combined to make this not your rulers. And do not be slothful on the

a most memorable occasion. day of election, but come out and exercise your

To our singers, the Brigham Young University right and privilege as a citizen of this great rechorus of young people, to our own Tabernacle public. What doth it profit a man to say he hath

Choir, we again express our thanks. faith and have not works? Here we should prove

What a glorious opportunity we have had in ourselves loyal citizens.

listening to these two great organizations. To our As we depart, let us be more determined to

choir, I believe I will express not only your gratimake beautiful homes, to be kinder husbands, tude but also that of the entire city and of the more thoughtful wives, more exemplary to our state, for the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir is now children, determined that in our homes we are an institution, not just an organization, appreciated going to have just a little taste of heaven here on by every member of the Church, and I think by this earth.

every fairminded citizen of our glorious state. With these resolves in mind, with all my heart

God bless them, and those people who came up I say, fellow workers, God bless you. Cherish in

from Brigham Young University to sing at the your hearts the testimony of truth, make it as two opening sessions of conference. solid and as firm and unwavering as the fixed

I have much in my heart to say to you, but I stars in the heavens. May there come into everywill conclude by calling your attention to the one's heart and in all our homes the true spirit

words of a very practical servant of the Lord who of Christ our Redeemer, whose reality, whose inwas blessed to labor in the companionship and spiring guidance I know to be real.

shadow of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. InGod bless you, keep you, and magnify you in the

deed, I think he is his own brother. James said: eyes of your associates! May he make more power-

"What doth it profit, my brethren, though a ful than ever before in the history of this Church man say he hath faith, and have not works? can the influence of this divine organization, that its

faith save him? potency may be felt throughout the world, and

"If a brother or sister be naked, and destitute men's hearts turned to serve him as they have of daily food, And one of you say unto them, never before been influenced, that we may avert

Depart in peace, be ye warmed and filled; notthe terrible threatening war, and peace be estabwithstanding ye give them not those things which lished among the nations of the world, I pray in

are needful to the body; what doth it profit? the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

iQsCSCVCNCNCVvJUNE 1952 -%/ Parte 391 T M

What is the Meaning of Evidences AND "EVILS and DESIGNS"? Reconciliations

CLXVI by John A. Widtsoe of the council of the twelve

Section eightynine of the Doctrine and Coverecognized that the drug caffeine in coffee and tea nants, commonly known as the Word of Wisdom, has a stimulating effect upon the body, justifying explains why the revelation was given. It dethe term "hot"drinks. This substance caffeine,

clares that in the last days "conspiring men"will and its near relatives such as theobromine in use "evils and designs"to interfere with the "temchocolate and cocoa, is widely distributed in nature poral salvation"of the Saints. The following text and used by people, as, for example, "mate"tea in

makes it clear that in this revelation the term South America. Such drinks wherever used are

"temporal salvation"means the maintenance of harmful.

bodily welfare and physical health as well as ecoIt is now a wellknown medical fact that connomic wellbeing. stant use of caffeine, which is a definite poison, is

The long history of the world shows that there detrimental to health and the cause of many physiare "conspiring men"who for selfish purposes will ological disorders even though it is taken in small sacrifice the welfare of others. Their "designs"have "doses."This has been clearly recognized by our

sought to increase the wealth of the conspirators leaders. Brigham Young at one time said:

by deceiving the people. The story of such deceit "Mankind would not become attached to these

forms an ugly chapter in the history of mankind. unnecessary articles were it not for the poison they

Civilized man has had to battle against it, usually contain. The poisonous or narcotic properties in

unsuccessfully. Only in 1906, after many earlier spirits, tobacco, and tea are the cause of their being

defeats, was the Pure Food and Drugs Act passed by so much liked by those who use them."1

the United States to control the actions of "con- "Conspiring men,"knowing this, have set up new spiring men."devices for tempting men to use such drugs reguIn later years, with the new methods developing larly and plentifully, to fill the coffers of those who

from progressive knowledge, deceiving "designs"or place such "evils and designs"on the marketsof plans have changed but are equally dangerous to the world. Chief among such offerings now spread

the "temporal salvation"of people everywhere; for over the earth are the cola drinks, headed by the

example, widespread advertising through the printmother of them all, CocaCola. In every city and

ing press, the radio, television, and other modern hamlet of the United States and in most other inventions such as were not known before are means countries clever signs advertising cola drinks are of deception and give men the opportunities to prominently displayed to tempt old and young alike.

deceive. The guilty vendors of such "drugged drinks"send

The Word of Wisdom warns specifically against cases of them free to hospitals and Boy Scout picnics alcoholic beverages and tobacco in any form. Today so that addiction may be formed while they are

the finest and most expensive advertising is used to young.

lead people to use these healthdestroying substances. The composition of these beverages is wellknown.

Pictures accompanying the advertisements are beautiUnder the law in the United States, the composiful and the text so skilfully worded as to deceive the tion of food and drinks placed on the market must reader into believing that these substances are good be published. The active element in all cola drinks

for man. In other ways also are the "conspiring"is caffeine, a constituent of the coffee bean, cacao

alcohol and tobacco vendors trying to subvert the bean, tea leaves, and other natural products. It is

word of the Lord and the simple truths of science. the presence of this poisonous drug which makes

There are other "evils."The market is flooded the cola drinks so attractive and so harmful.

with remedies to give people "a lift,"to cure ailments that should come under a doctor's care and This means in short that the cola drinks are nothing more or less than cold coffee and possibly to offset the after effects of improper living. These

more dangerous than coffee because in the coffee "evils,"advertised in profusion, are used to the bean some of the caffeine is held in insoluble subinjury of the body. People must walk carefully

stances while in the cola and other similar drinks amidst these temptations of our time, as foreseen is all the caffeine soluble so and with syrup mixed of in the are so Wisdom. of them Word Many

is that the reach blood at once. almost it may That as subtle are dangerous doubly to be they because

it "picks you up."A Latterday Saint who so poorly understood. why

refuses tea or coffee to drink of uses but the any these the revelation designs""evils and Among is cola drinks consistent in his is not faith inand drinks."mentions "hot This by was interpreted

juring his body.

the Prophet and his brother Hyrum Smith to mean (Coittinued on page 466) coffee and tea, the common beverages of that day.

It was some years later that advancing science 184 ijohn(1951 A.ed.).Widtsoe, Discourses of Brigham Young, p. 285 (1925 ed.); p.

392 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA June Conference Prospectus 1952

By Marba C. Josephson

ASSOCIATE MANAGING EDITOR Inspiration together with the exeveryone in attendance participating and outline the function of stake and hilaration of learning how to do in the activity. Everyone is inward speech directors in relation to

things and seeing how things can vited to bring his own makeup the M.I. A. program as a whole.

be done, plus the satisfaction of parkit and have fun as well as learn As usual the dance festival will ticipating in the grand culmination of the proper way to make up people be one of the truly lovely festivals the year's activities, will heighten the for the play. of the conference. To date, 8073

June conference program of 1952 An innovation this year is the dancers have requested entry into the

June 13, 14, 15! speech festival, which has won a dance festival. One spectacular scene

As usual the great mass features recognized place for itself. It will promises to be that of 2944 young

will be presented for those who wish precede the dance festival and will be women, all dressed in white, dancing to attend. The drama festival will held in Kingsbury Hall, from 5:30 against a field of green. A new

precede the formal opening of June to 6:45 p.m. June 13. The featured feature will be the Boy Scouts and

conference, being presented at Kingsspeaker for this occasion will be Elder Bee Hive Girls from selected areas bury Hall, on the University of Matthew Cowley of the Council of in a dance written especially for

Utah campus, June 12, 1952, at 5:30 the Twelve, who has always thrilled them. The dance sessions on Saturand 8:30 p.m. For this presenhis congregations with the forcefulday will offer a departure from the

tation the drama committee is proness of his speech and with the fervor routine procedure by using seven ducing a program of plays and of his testimony. Those who attend teachers who will rotate among small

activities that anyone living anywhere the speech festival will have a place groups of dance instructors, thus in the Church can produce to adreserved for them at the dance enabling a better understanding of vantage in their own wards and presentation. A block of seats in the materials to be used in the 1952stakes. One of the requirements of the stadium will be saved, and those 1953 program for dance in the M.I. A.

this program is that it also be highly who attend the speech festival will The glorious music festival is schedentertaining as well as educational. be given tickets as they leave Kingsuled for June 14, at the Tabernacle.

In addition, in the Saturday departbury Hall at the conclusion of the Over two thousand participants have ment sessions, the drama committee session which will admit them to already registered for the festival, has decided to run a "Play Mill,"in reserved seats at the stadium. The the culmination of similar festivals

which everything from the initial departmental sessions in the Garden previously held in stakes and in interreading of a play right through the Park Ward, Saturday, June 14, will stake schedules. Since the Aaronic

production of it will occur—with preview the 195253 speech program {Concluded on following page)

GENERAL BOARD COMMITTEE CHAIRMEN

First row from left to right: Kenneth H. Sheffield, Explorer; Edna K. Pay, sports; Francis L. Urry, speech; Stanley

Russon, drama; Winnifred Bowers, drama; Alma H. Pettigrew, secretary; Hortense H. Child, Mia Maid; Virginia H. Cutler,

education correlation.

Second row: Doyle L. Green, The Improvement Era; Marie Stuart, Special Interest; Leon L. Imlay, Indian correlation;

Norma P. Anderson, speech; E. Allen Bateman, Scout; William B. Smart, M Men; Gladys D. Wight, Gleaner; Helen Lingwall,

attendance secretary; Hazel A. Snow, Bee Hive; Helena W. Larson, secretary; Joy F. Dunyon, education correlation.

Third row: Harold Glen Clark, Special Interest; John W. Webber, dance; Roy M. Darley, music; Ruth H. Funk, music;

Marvin J. Ashton, athletics; Sara D. Yates, dance; Florence B. Pinnock, Junior Gleaner; Adolphus P. Warnick, Junior M Men.

I JUNE 1952 393 JUNE CONFERENCE PROSPECTUS—1952

Members of the Kolob Stake (Utah) dancing group. This is a typical M.I.A. group in action.

(Concluded from preceding page) have gala days on both Wednesday For the first time in the history

Priesthood choruses have been united and Thursday (June 11 and 12) as of June conferences, the secretaries with the M.I.A., there has been a new well as in the Saturday sessions, June will have department sessions apart

burst of enthusiasm for the music 14. The camping institute will be an from the executives on Saturday

program. Youth in action is a thrillall-day affair at the Tracy Wigwam, morning. Since we are a recordkeep-

ing sight, especially when one knows the bus leaving the Lion House at ing people, and believe that we shall that the activity springs from right 8:30 a.m. and returning at 9 p.m. be judged out of the books, it is imthinking. Crafts and activities pertaining to portant that secretaries sense the reThe Friday morning and afternoon camping will fill the day to oversponsibility of their calling and keep

general sessions will introduce the flowing. On Thursday the hours complete and accurate records.

new special features of the 19521953 from 9 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. will be spent Each department promises to hold

season. Always inspirational and at Jordan Park with crafts and games. unusual interest and aid for leaders

educational, the presentations will stir During the noon hour a fashion show in the M.I.A., and those who are

Mutual workers with the importance will be held, indicating sports clothes charged with leading youth should of their callings as leaders of youth. suitable to the Latterday Saint girl. plan to be in attendance at each deThe Saturday sessions will deal Registration for these days will be partment session.

with departmental work which this taken care of by mail prior to the The Sunday morning program will year promises to be better than ever. days of the activities. be under the direction of the First

One of the main features for the The Saturday sessions will conPresidency, and all Mutual workers

Y.W.M.I.A. will be some forthcoming vene in the Rosslyn Heights gymwill find added inspiration and direcadaptations and changes in the pronasium and will deal with the new tion in this session, to be held in the

gram to enroll all young women in manual, the assembly program, and Tabernacle, June 15, at ten in the the Mutual. The value of the work the monthly activity under the dimorning.

as the Y.W.M.I.A. has carried it forrection of the sports and camp diThe Sunday afternoon session at

ward can be gleaned from an excerpt rectors. two o'clock in the Tabernacle will be

of a letter sent to the general presi- A new feature will be the joint ses- a youth program in which a sixdency by former Presiding Bishop sion held with the athletics directors hundred -voice chorus of youth, not

LeGrand Richards, now a member of of the Y.M.M.I.A. previously heard during June conthe Council of the Twelve: An interesting feature for the ference, will add special attraction

Y.M.M.I.A. is that N. Harold West, to this meeting. The twofold pro-

I think you have fully kept your promise national director of Exploring, will be gram of this session will deal with all of over, this work which took youwhen to conin attendance to lend his assistance the place of the M.I.A. in the lives immensely,pleases I want and me

gratulate you with all my heart for what and support to this phase of the of the members of the Church and you have accomplished. M.I.A. program. also will depict examples of how the

One particular development of the Mutual program has aided young and

The general presidency of the MuSaturday program is the attention old in their growth into Church actual has been grateful for the excepthat will be given stake supervisors. tivity and understanding.

tional work carried forward by the They will receive special attention at The emphasis throughout June officers and teachers in the field and breakfasts and meetings which will conference will be to stress the fact by the young women themselves. help them understand more fully their that activity and lesson work can

The changes to be announced at June responsibilities and fire them with a function in spiritualized recreation conference will simplify the program desire to do an even more professional and insure a testimony of the truthmaterially. job in their callings for the coming fulness of the gospel for young and

Camp and sports directors will year. old alike in the Church.

394 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA When Old Glory Sails the Seven Seas

by Julia W. Wolfe The foreign flags that each ship

has on board represent about forty nationalities. Each flag measures

twentyfive feet. Average by thirteenWhenseas, "Oldshe isGlory"in thesailscompanythe sevenof cost of material these and making

many, many flags. One might flags and signals is over $3,000 for

say of the United States Navy that each ship. Multiply that by the numeach one of its ships is a "flagship."ber of ships in service, and the bill

In the true sense of the word, of amounts to hundreds of thousands of course, the flagship is only the one dollars each year.

that carries the commander of the The bureau of equipment, which fleet or squadron and flies his flag. supplies flags for ships, submits a

But every naval vessel that sails to teen arrows. A scroll in its beak is small design of the particular flag

a foreign port carries with it at least inscribed E Pluribus Unum. Above needed. Then from this small design

four hundred flags. the head of the eagle in spaced dis- a large drawing is made on a huge

Now that global wars have cartances are thirteen small stars, represheet of Manila paper. About fifty

ried our fleets to the far corners of senting the original thirteen states. women do special designs, assisted by

the earth, the men in charge of flying The flag is not only beautiful to others who perform less intricate the proper banners are very busy. look at but is also a work of art. The tasks. Some of the women who excel

So, too, are the modern sisters of making of the United States coat of in needlework use a needle only for

Betsy Ross, who are busy day in and arms requires a person of wide experistitching; others use a sewing maday out producing some of the most ence with a needle, and one who has chine; and some handle only the

beautiful flags in the world. artistic Judgment and a steady hand. bunting, which is a huge task.

In. a special department at the The various flags made at the naval When this bunting comes from the

Brooklyn Navy Yard, skilled needleflag-making establishment for Uncle mills, it is in lots of several hundred women are at work to fashion flags of Sam's ships comprise about four hunyards each. It is first placed in a

kinds—fromall nations. Theygreat supplybattleshipsshipstooftinyall numberdred kinds.for everyThatshipis tothecarry.regulationAbout vatand andwater.thoroughlyThe nextwashedday withthe samesoap

launches. half are for decoration or ordinary process is followed, but with salt

The work must be done accurately use; the rest are for signal sets and water. After this the bunting is exposed

and precisely. Stitch by stitch, international code flags. to the elements for ten days or more

women sew with fine silk thread in Every ship must have an extensive and for thirty hours in the bright sun.

various colors so that the designs or array of flags stored on board so that This is the test for color and fading.

centerpieces of the many flags will the proper etiquette in ceremonial and On June 14, 1777, Congress show off to the best advantage when official occasions may be observed. adopted this resolution:

flying. Yes, skill and perfect eyeWhen an official of any nation

sight are required, but artisans must comes aboard, the necessary decoraResolved, that the flag of the thirteen also have a sense of color because tion of small flags is swung in the redUnitedandStateswhite,be andthirteenthatstripes,the unionalternatebe of the many showy centerpieces of breeze. Upon entering the harbor of thirteen stars, white on a blue field.

foreign flags. This is especially true a foreign country, it is customary for

of Central and South American, flags the visiting ship to fly the flag of its Some years later two more states of intricate designs. own nation on top forward peak. At were admitted to the Union. This

Some foreign flags are tedious to the same time, from other parts of meant a change in the making of the make. They bear landscapes, belchthe ship, smaller flags and signals flag. On Jan. 13, 1794, it was enacted

ing volcanoes, intricate figures. They are used for saluting. that:

are surrounded by various designs of From and after May 1, 1795, the flag of draped banners, branches, or symbols llSP! the United States be fifteen stripes, alternate

surmounted with spears, swords,,:.>< red and white, and that the union be fifteen

trumpets, and ships. stars, white on a blue field.

of the President of the The flag states it As other were admitted, W$m:/:

States, of oneUnited the handsomest *&k if evident became that additional and most difficult to sew, requires the mmm/Mgimm.ill, mmmm stripes continued to be added the flag

longest time to make. His flag has eventually would become mere red

a blue field. The coat of arms for and white slender ribbons instead of

the United States forms the centerbroad bars. To overcome this, a depiece. This consists of a lifesized cision was made on April 4, 1818,

eagle with long, outstretched wings. that:

Upon the eagle's breast is a United next, fourth flag and after From the July shield flag HistoricStates in red, old white, blue. of handwoven cotton and

of States thirteen horizontal the United be revolutionary days in old found the is eagle's of the talonsIn one stripes, alternate red white; that and and an Porterfrom Nelsonville, House, County, Putnam

olive branch; in the other talon, thirNew York. (Concluded on page 472)

JUNE 1952 395 Colleen MISS

Colleen Hutchins

Miss America—1952

stewardesses she had learned that Miss

America does not drink coffee!

"I have never had any embarrassment whatever in sustaining my convictions,"she recently wrote. "People

in the various cities and countries

I've visited have been very much interested in my religion. I am always happy to explain what distinguishes Mormonism from other religions."

She talks and writes about prayer, faith, the Word of Wisdom, the value of a good home, and the importance of being active in the Church. "When

I have the opportunity,"she says, "I try to visit the local ward or branch of the Church, wherever I happen to be, and I never fail to find a warm

ForAmerica.nine monthsDuringshe hasthis beentime Missshe Hutchins,Along withwhotherepresentspublicity togiventhe Missnahas made nine trips across the tion the lovely young American womcontinent and visited South America. anhood, came publicity of her ideals,

Almost every minute of her waking her standards, and her beliefs. And

hoursactivity—withhas beentravelfilled (mostlywith a bustleby planeof Missthe wayAmericashe hashas conductedreflected honorherselfuponas

to save time), fashion shows, radio herself, her family, and the Church and television programs, appearances of which she is a loyal member. In

at sports events, and participation in all her activities she has steadfastly

Colleen in the dress she wore when she pageants, parades, fairs, and festivals. maintained high standards, has never was "Sweetheart"of the ward ball.

Described by the director of the hesitated to tell people that she is a

Miss America Pageant as "the busiest Mormon and that training in a good and most popular of all Miss AmeriLatter-day Saint home and continuous greeting and friendly welcome awaitcas,"she has gained nationwide pubactivity in the Church have made her ing me. When I arrive in a city,

licity. Frontpage stories by the hunwhat she is. one of the first calls I receive is from

dreds have appeared in newspapers in At social functions a smile and "No a representative of the local ward or every section of the country, as well thank you, I don't drink,"confirm branch, who asks what he may do foreign countries.as in Magamany her belief in the Word of Wisdom. forthe me,variousand meetings.tells me ofIt theis trulyhourlikeofzines featured and her. Radio have

trip the stewardess, having a home away from home totelevision stations have told her story. On one plane

Few if any other members of the whom she had not met before and go to Sunday School or evening

Church have ever gained so much who was serving coffee to passengers Church service where I can hear the favorable publicity in a given time as who desired it, said, "Miss Hutchins, familiar hymns and partake of the has Colleen Kay Hutchins who be- I'll be glad to make you a cup of inspiration and true Christian spirit came Miss Utah of 1951, and Miss Postum if you have brought your that is there."

America of 1952. can along with you."From other Her personal taste in dress tends

396 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hutchins AMERICA

by Doyle L. Green

MANAGING EDITOR

towards simplicity and modesty. An why keeping her standards high has

indication of this is the fact that since been no problem.

the pageant last September she has At 300 Lemon Avenue in Arcadia, made no public appearance in a bathCalifornia, where the Hugh Allen ing suit. However, in the matter of Hutchins have lived for fifteen years,

dress Miss America has not always is a roomy but modest home. Brother

been able to follow her own desires Hutchins, who is now a stake miscompletely. sionary, is a convert to the Church,

The Miss America contest is not born in Indiana. Sister Maple Perry

based on physical beauty alone. If it Hutchins, who is serving in the Rewere, Colleen Hutchins might not lief Society presidency of her ward,

have won it. She is 5 feet 10 inches was originally from Mapleton, (near

tall, and at twentyfive is the oldest Provo) Utah. They are the parents

girl ever to become Miss America. of eight children, seven of whom are

The pageant has as its avowed purliving. Gene, Dale, Ruth, Barbara,

Colleen, AmerMiss allAmericans. Two selection of pose the of the choicest is Colleen, Mel, Bob. Theirs and Mel, was ica, who her brother, and 1952,

as poryoung American womanhood called a honors, might what "typical"basketball be for ailAmerican chosen trayed by intelligence, wholesomeLatter-day Saint family. Family 195051.

ness, disposition, general culture, perprayer, observance of the Sabbath and sonality, special talents, voice and the Word of Wisdom, the paying of a sidered to be one of the best amateur diction in addition to beauty of face, full tithing, and active participation hill climbers and cow trailers in the and a generally wellproportioned in all Church activities have always area.

But with all of their activity the figure. Some of these traits are inbeen essential parts of their lives.

born; most of them have to be worked children were taught the value of

for. A glimpse into the life of the Yet there has been no undue piety work, and the desirability of developfamily that produced this year's Miss here. The family loves life and lives ing their talents and of being wholeAmerica may give some insight into it to the utmost, enjoying all types some and gracious, honest, and sinthe reasons why Colleen Hutchins of sports and activities and hobbies. cere. All of the children have gone

was selected over all the girls in the Even today Father Hutchins is a to college and all have been required nation to be Miss America 1952, and motorcycle enthusiast. He is conto help pay their own way. Two of

the boys have filled fullterm missions; others have had to forego the

Brother and Sister Hugh Allen Hutchins and family on the back steps of their experience because of armed service about 1940. home

and other restrictions.

Today Brother and Sister Hutchins live alone at 300 Lemon Avenue. All

of the children, with the exception of Colleen, whose headquarters are in New York City, are either away at school or married. But a dozen

or more trophies, placed on a television set and a small table in the living room remind the visitor that unusual things have been accomplished by members of this family.

There is, of course, the biggest trophy of all, the one presented to Colleen when she became Miss America. The

next largest was won by allAmerican basketball player, Mel, who was high scorer and most valuable player in the eastwest allstar game in Madi- (Continued on page 464) JUNE 1952 397 Part X

Dear Professor F. THE OF THE WORLD

Butpossiblewhy allsurvivalthis insistenceof a few Jarediteon the between the Asiatics and the Indians Nephites, and Lamanites should correct the absurd oversimplification by escapees prowling in the woods?—save for those maddeningly obvious

Because it would take no great number ties with the Near East to which which the Book of Mormon as a is always judged. It will showof such renegades to perpetuate "uporjt Gladwin draws attention—must have history

the face of this north country"the been a very early one indeed, for the as plain as day that the Book of ways of the Jaredite nomads and Asiatic languages are among the most Mormon itself first suggests the hunters. We have said that when conservative and widespread on earth, Asiatic origin of some elements at

the Asiatics hide in the mountains and if the two worlds had been in least of the Indian race and culture and the woods, their way of life contact anywhere near as recently as long before the anthropologists got becomes just like that of the Incertain authorities believe, the Asiatic around to it. The scientists no longer

dians. Indeed Professor Grousset can nature of the Indian languages should hold that one migration and one

think of no way of life so perfectly be instantly recognizable. To date route can explain everything about

like that of the scattered and disno one has been able to recognize the Indians. The Book of Mormon

organized tribes of Asia after the those languages as those of the Asiatic never did propound a doctrine so destruction of the great nations than steppes. naive. Though it comes to us as a

that of the North American Indians Now all this is as the Book of digest and an abridgment, stripped at the time of their discovery by the Ether would have it. That account and streamlined, it is still as intricate

whites. 231 And what is more natural tells us that at the very dawn of and complex a history as you can

than that conditions in the north history, many thousands of years ago, find; and in its involved and tragic

country, littered with bones and a party of nomad hunters and stock pages nothing is more challenging haunted by savage hunters, should raisers from west central Asia crossed than the sinister presence of those out fierce bloodyminded "Men and of the passing the the North probablypresent after water—very as in their day of Asia"known of the sort just where nation World,Jaredite the New thePacific—to

wreckage and savagery that make the they preserved the ways of their Jaredites.

Asiatic scene after the passing of emancestors, including certain savage The Big Picture pire? In time descendants of Jaredite and degenerate practices, and carried

hunters and robbers would combine on a free and open type of steppe The time has come to draw a few with Lamanite riffraff, as their anwarfare with true Asiatic cruelty and conclusions. If you will recall, I set

cestors did with the Mulekites, and ferocity; it tells us that these people out to prove "that certain strange and

the old Jaredite stock would survive, moved about much in the wilderness, unfamiliar things described in Ether like the Nephite, as a "mixture"only. for all they built imposing cities, could have taken place as described

(I Nephi 13:30.) But the ways of and that they produced a steady because they actually did take place

the Jaredite hunters, perfectly adapted trickle of "outcasts"through the cen-—characteristically and repeatedly

as they were to conditions of life turies. A careful study of the moin those culture areas in which, acin this north country, would not only tions of the Jaredites, Mulekites,

hold their own but also remain prepic- the This complicates dominant. Indians. of forlornlooking photographs full of such are of anthropology Journals

matter, but for that outer with the ture considerably, to escape any involvement only seeking "hiders,"are essentially They the anthropologists themselves now world. The danger and exertion of life in Jaredite times drove many into the wilderness

descendants have left a strain in that their is It refugees. not impossible permanent begin to detect just such complicaas Indians. American Lamanite predominantly culture of the the blood and

tions in their own picture, as Gladwin has shown us with much spirit and wit. 232 We need not discuss the wellknown affinities between the North

Americans and the hunters of Asia shamans, mounds, peace pipes, scalp283 ing, secret societies, and all that.

Contacts between the natives on the

Asiatic and American shores of the far North Pacific still take place, but238 that is strictly a local phenomenon.

It is the really ancient Asiatic background of the Indians that interests me. In a recent study on the rise

of the ancient state in Central Asia,

I drew evidence equally from the

American ethnologists and the Old

World sources, and it all fitted neatly into a single picture. But whatever

connection there might have been 398 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA types. And as the biological picture

becomes more complex, the cultural one seems to become more simple,JAREDITES the whole civilized world at any moment of its history seeming to share by Hugh Nibley, PhD. in a general sort of way in a single

ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR, HISTORY AND RELIGION, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY common world civilization. This is

also the picture we get in Ether, cording to the Book of Mormon, the choose a king; his son in time rebels where the nations and tribes are

Jaredites acquired their culture and and inaugurates centuries of bitter already thoroughly "confounded"in civilization."Among such strange warfare, ending eventually in a war Jared's day, while certain institutions

and unfamiliar things we mentioned of extermination with odd survivors and practices are described as being that valley of Nimrod, the confoundlurking in the woods and deserts. common to "the ancients"as a whole

and as flourishing among all nations. ing of the languages, the great wind, Numbers, distances, and times all

deseret, and the flooded plains of the fit together perfectly, but the sort of Consistent with this picture is the

Old World, while in the New World thing that can be most fully checked fact that a number of Jaredite names our list includes such items as the and is virtually impossible to fake is, are also Bible names. You asked in

great assembly of the nation, the as I have often insisted, the sort of your last letter how that can be if the drawing off of followers by bribes, thing that was done and the way Jaredite language was the lost oaths by kings in prison, fine work it was done. It is the big picture Adamic tongue? In the first place,

done in prisons, the dancing princess, that is really impressive. let us make it clear that the language

strange breeds of animals, plagues of But our main purpose in writing of Jared was not the Adamic language serpents, great national hunts, and these letters, if you will think back at all: Jared asked that his language

special hunting preserves, the nation to the first one, was to refute the be not confounded, so that his people in arms, peculiar strategy and tactics, Einheitstheorie of a single beginning might continue to understand each the formation of armies by forced refor the origin of the Indians, since other, not because it was a unique cruiting, systematic terrorism, the rule you protested that the Book of Moror perfect language or the sacred of robber bands, wars of exterminamon was oversimplifying the story. language of Adam, a thing which

tion regarded as personal duels be- I think by now it should be apparent would certainly have been mentioned tween rival rulers, with the ritual that the Book of Mormon account is if it were so. Indeed, after the

survival of the king. The list of not as simple as it seems. Ether Jaredites had made their getaway and

bulls'- eyes is a long one, and if it is alone introduces a formidable list their language was safe, the Lord not as long as Lehi's it is because of possibilities, few of which have told the brother of Jared: "the lanEther takes fewer shots (Nephi, ever been seriously considered. Foreguage which ye shall write I have

which covers but eight years, can most among these is the probability, confounded."(Ether 3:24.) When

devote much more attention to detail) amounting almost to certainty, that Moroni tells of the remarkable power and at an, if possible, even more diffinumerous Jaredites survived in outof the writings of the brother of cult target. His percentage of hits ofthe-way places of the north to Jared, he attributes the mighty words

is no less staggering. perpetuate a strong Asiatic element not to the genius of the language but

Individually I find the parallels in the culture and blood of the Amerto a special gift from God to the between the Jaredites and the early ican Indian. writer. {Ibid., 12:24.) As to the

Asiatics very impressive, but taken To write a history of what could antiquity of writing, incidentally, we together their value increases as the have happened at the very beginning have not discussed the matter because cube of their number. In the Book of recorded history would have been it is still, so to speak, completely up

of Ether they are woven into a perfect as far beyond the scope of any scholar in the air. At Uruk, where "the parorganic whole, a consistent picture of living in 1830 as the construction of ent forms"of writing first appear,

a type of society the very existence of an atom bomb would have been. The they do not do so by any gradual

which has come to be known only portrait of the first great states of process of evolution, but "suddenly in recent years, and which is quite antiquity is only now taking shape and without warning there appear different from that Indian culture in our own day, and the idea of the fifteen hundred signs and pictographs into which it later developed. How original Asiatic nucleus of all civilizascratched on clay. They seem to have

beautifully integrated this short histions was undreamed of a few years been written and used236 without any tory is! There is a great calamity, ago. Our own ideas will have to be signs of hesitancy,"showing that

a confusing and confounding of peorevised continually on many points, writing was already wellestablished ples and tongues, a general scatterbut the main outlines of the picture somewhere in the world, and that to the was the region somewhere it are firm and is the directions a point from ing in many clear—and

emerof Mesopotamia. 236 The picture that in same the north meets us to the north somewhere of Mesopotamia. 234 Then a migration into unBook of Ether. One of the most surgence of writing in Egypt237 is just as

known lands covered with swamps prising discoveries of recent years has sudden and surprising.

and lakes, the dank remnants of the been the revelation that wherever the As to Jaredite names in the Bible, last ice age, and then tremendous experts search, in Babylon, Thebes, the general confusion of tongues winds that overtake the party just Ras Shamra, Central Asia, or the Far would not only allow it but also reas they set sail. Some years after East, we are met at every period of quire it, for, remember, that the vast

their landing in the New World history by an almost unbelievable majority of people who spoke Jared's they hold a general assembly and mixup of physical and linguistic (Continued on page 462)

JUNE 1952 399 Papa gave me a drink in a tin dipper, from a rock well. Water never ever tasted

the same before or since. He said, "Do

you want to see the princess who is hidden in the well?"

TheStreet,summerin thedayorchard,drowsedon theup lawn.Main thethe weeklymorning.paper I couldcouldbe hearprintedhimin sadly,"There'smovingnothingtoward tohim.do,""Every-I said

The red dust road stirred slightly humming, a little offkey, through the body's gone."

beneath an occasional, unexpected open door. Suddenly, I wanted to "Want to cut some paper?"he

breeze. go into the cool, long room which asked, turning the key in the form so

I sat in the swing beneath a large was divided into office and print it would tighten and hold the type.

poplar tree, my toes touching the shop. In the office were the desk, I nodded, and he lifted the heavy form

dirt beneath me just often enough filing cabinets, paper sample box, a to the press where tomorrow he and to keep the swing "pumped"so it swivel chair, and a long bench where Mama would put the big sheets of would not entirely stop. many of the town's old men, or salespaper on, one at a time, and turn a

The neighbor girls who were my men from outof-town, or subscribers, hand roller over the canvas holding closest friends had gone to the city, or those wanting printing done, would it, to print the weekly paper.

and there was no one to play with. spend many hours. He wiped his hands, as I had seen

Even my dog, Tip, was too lazy to I stepped onto the long porch, him do so many times, on a rag pay me any attention. If I called walked past the house, over to the with gasoline on, put his arm about

office. to connecting the shoulder, took Stepping and me over inside I myhis name, his one ear would come up,

still could not see cutter paper imposing anything which was for a moment, his one eye open, only to close again after the bright sunlight. I stopped, quite new. He adjusted a thick pile

when he saw that I was all right. my eightyear-old hand still on the of paper under the sharp blade, (he

Mama was upstairs sewing; Papa screen door. But Papa had seen me wouldn't let me touch that), and

was in the printing office getting the and was saying, "Why so quiet, little then let me take hold of the cool, type tightened up in the form so that one—little noisy one?"steel handle. If I jumped off the floor

400 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and came down on it with all my goldcolored lights on the front and into the car again and rode around weight, I could almost make it cut a rubber bulb that made a noise like the farm until we came to just hunthrough the paper. Most of the time, the geese flying over the river botdreds and hundreds of trees all loaded

though, he had to help me. When we toms. with apples. Papa reached up and

were through, we had two bunches of Mr. Derek came into the office, picked one, polished it on his pants'

paper; usually he gave me one of slapping his big gloves together, takleg, and handed it to me. I let the

them. If I asked him, he would ing the goggles from his eyes; his tan juice lie on my tongue until it stung

staple the pages together, and I would duster and peaked cap made him look it a little, because it was so sweet and have a little notebook. I think I funny. so tangy and so cool. As we walked

have loved good paper ever since. "How would you like to drive out under the boughs which were so low

We went up to the front office, and to my farm?"he asked Papa. "We'll we had to stoop to get under them,

I curled up on the bench and began bring you a bushel of apples and some I imagined I was in a fairy kingdom drawing, while he sat at the desk and pears back to pay my subscription."and was being taken to a dungeon

typed with two fingers. After a moPapa leaned back in the swivel where I would be rescued by a fairy

ment, I asked, "What are you writchair, fingered his gold watch chain, prince. There were a lot of details

I suddenlying?"smiled at me, saying, "Would you about it in my mind, and

"Oh, a poem, maybe."like to go?"knew that I had my idea for the play

put on. would we

I rolling off asked, nearly "Me?"is a "What poem?"

the got back from we When I?"bench, "could know. "Why, you I read them to the in a a drink orchard, gave Papa me

you all the time.""Sure,"said Mr. Derek, "if your tin dipper, from a rock well. Water

"Yes, but really, what is it? Why Ma'Il let you. I know she's scared never ever tasted the same before or

is it different from a story?"half to death of these contraptions."since. He said, "Do you want to see

"Well, a..."he was puzzled for "Run and ask her,"Papa said. the princess who is hidden in the

a moment, then he went on, "a story "Tell her I'm going, and I think you well?"

has characters... a plot...."will be all right.""Oh, yes,"I cried, "is there really

It took a little coaxing, a little one?"

plot?"a "What's words popped The

lifted tightly pouting, of held me, dramatization some me He myout, as then as quickly asked I had waist, the loneliness, look finally around but and let conme Mama I forgot inthem, idea that them an into clear the sented. kissed smooth, water tight, down me, held She me "I to said, 'Little me. comehad

below. I believe almost as "Oh, afraid she way though down she wereBoy Blue'has characters in. But it's I might not ever see me again, and I can see her,"I said, seeing indeed aa poem."was soon back downstairs, my sunface down in the water, then another

His fingers dropped to the typebonnet in my hand. We were ready beside it. "That must be the ogre

writer keys, he looked out the winto go. We stepped up into the high who has her captured,"I exclaimed,

dow for a moment before he said, automobile, sat on the smooth leather and Papa set me down, saying, "Well, a poem has more feeling in seats, while Mr. Derek gave a furious "Humph. You know that was me."

it; it's more a part of you. Say you crank which set the car to quivering, "And you know the princess was

put your loneliness today into words, then he raced to get in. me,"I laughed. He laughed too, and

it might be a poem. Or say you have As the car sputtered and shook, as I looked at him, we seemed very

a particularly happy experience and getting started, I was frightened, but close together.

write it so that others can almost feel Papa held my hand, though I noticed "You're not lonesome any more?"

felt,the you way I guess that's about his free I of asked, on the hand was knob the he head. I shook and my

asas near I can come."

to door ready it so open in could was very happy we way. a warm, good

"I feel too lonesome to tell it,"I jump out if the thing exploded. I think I was appreciating sun and

said, half to myself. "It just hurts... It didn't. Pretty soon we were rolltrees and beauty more than I had

in here."ing along faster than any of the ever done before.

"So young... so young..."he horses on the road, we were passing When Papa and Mr. Derek put

breathed, chucking me under the them up; and some of them were so the apples and pears in the back

chin. "Someday you will tell it."frightened they reared in the air seat, I asked if I could sit back there

He turned back to the typewriter, when they saw us. with them. They said of course I

and I went back to scribbling words We reached the farm west of town, could, and I climbed in.

that first I believed were poems, then got out of the car, looked around. The wind had started to blow,

stories, then a play, for I had told It was much cooler here because of and Mr. Derek had put the sidemy friends that I could, and would, the big trees, and the river, and the curtains on the car. It was such fun

write* a play that we would put on little stream that ran through the being there, shut in by the curtains in Lois'father's theater. All I needed fields. Papa took me over to see the with their little isinglass squares. I

now was an idea, and I was sure cow with her new calf, the horses in would look out of these and see the

Papa could give me one if I asked the barn. I sat on a little bench world flying by, and the wind bending

him. But just as I was about to under a weeping willow tree and the summer trees, the clouds coming

speak, Mr. Derek, in his fancy new watched rainbowfeathered ducks together in the sky. Suddenly, I saw

chugging automobile drove up outmove across the water without even Papa turn and look at me. I smiled

side. It made a lot of noise, and the any effort. at him, and he smiled at me.

steam poured out of the front, but it Then Mr. Derek said we would Just like that, I knew what a poem

was bright and fascinating, with big drive down to the orchard, so we got was.

JUNE 1952 401 THE FOLLOWING ARTICLE IS BASED ON

A CHAPTER OF THE SAME TITLE IN THE BOOK "GREATER DIVIDENDS FROM RELIGION"

A Study In GOOD And byDEANGerritOF THEdeSCHOOLJong,OFJr.FINE ARTS,

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY EVIL

Man'sthinksrelationof asto controllingthe powers lifehe mentalany givenimportancetime cannotbecausehaveit isfundabased and the universe is called reon custom and will change with time ligion; man's relation to his fellow is simply to confuse morality with

Wherefore, men is called morality. The word conventionality. Contemporary mormorality is ultimately derived from ality is based upon those customs

all things which are good the Latin word mores, which has to which man has selected and approved do with manners. The science that for perpetuation after ages of expericometh of God, deals with morals, basic principles of mentation with them.

ethics. is called This action, to desire good""be A pronouncedand that which is evil right English the times. comes into all of us lanovertakes word many When

cometh of the devil; guage through the Greek word we determine to put our desire into

ethikos, which may be traced back practice, however, we discover that for the devil is an enemy to ethos, meaning character. In nonit is not a simple matter. Be good?

technical discussions, the meaning of In what way? In what particular?

unto God, and fighteth the word morality is often narrowed One cannot be good or moral in the down to cover mainly what is more abstract. The more we think about

against him continually, correctly called chastity, an extremely it, the more the complexity of what important part of interhuman relawe call morality becomes evident. In

and inviteth and enticeth tions, but, in the general sense, not his autobiography, Benjamin Frankto sin, and to do that synonymous with morality. For the lin records his going through such

purposes of this discussion the word an experience. He says:

which is evil continually. morality is used in the larger, more

inclusive sense.... I conceiv'd the bold and arduous

But behold, To the Latterday Saints, morality projectI wish'd ofto arrivinglive withoutat moralcommittingperfection.any

without inspiration or guidance by fault at any time; I would conquer all that

that which is of God the spiritual influence of religion either natural inclination, custom or comwould not be considered sufficient pany might lead me into. As I knew, or

inviteth and enticeth for salvation here or hereafter. Jesus thought I knew, what was right from wrong,

I I always do not see might did not why

I other. soon the But avoid the and oneto do good continually; taughtFather, manbut heaboutalsohistaughtrelationhimtohowthe of task I more a undertaken found had

to live in peace and happiness imagined. with difficulty While than I had mywherefore, every thing

in guarding against one care was employed fellows. In fact, his he made what

which inviteth and we call "salvation"dependent upon habitfault, Itookwastheoftenadvantagesurprisedof byinattention;another;

living in accord with the morality inclination was sometimes too strong for enticeth to do good, he taught and exemplified. reason. I concluded, at length, that the mere

Many attempts have been made speculative conviction that it was our interand to love God, and to give a practical definition of moralest to be completely virtuous, was not that slipping; prevent to our and inclusive says sufficient one simple and A habits the contrary and be broken must

is a morality conduct code ofto serve him, is ity.that before established, acquired good and ones

inspired of God. thatlife andmakeshappiness.for the Another,preservationwidelyof weuniformcan haverectitudeany dependenceof conduct. on a steady,

accepted, calls that sort of behavior

Moroni 7:1213. best, or "moral,"which in the long For this purpose Franklin made a

run brings about the most intrinsic list which included under thirteen goodness and the least intrinsic badnames of virtues all that then ocness. The moral person has a greater curred to him as necessary and

love for good than he has for evil. desirable. To each he added a short

To argue that any moral code at (Continued on page 467) 402 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA That Missionary BEN E. RICH

FROM MATERIALS SUBMITTED BY Benjamin L. Rich

E. Rich—missionary, author, time presiding over theBenspeaker—served the Church Southern States Mission,

first as a young missionary was chairman of the meetin England, and later as presiing, and in introducing dent of the Southern States Misvice-presidential candidate sion and president of the Eastern Roosevelt he referred to

States Mission for a total of him as the next president half of the United States.twenty years—or more than

of his mature life. Several thou- ( Roosevelt's runningmate,

sand missionaries knew his counsel William McKinley, was BEN E. RICH

and direction in the mission field. seeking reelection as presAnd few missionaries in the last ident. He was felled by J-Je was one in whom no trust

half century have not found a tractan assassin's bullet six was misplaced, no confidence ing aid in his book, Mr. Durrani of months after his second inaugural. unfulfilled. A man fearless of

or Roosevelt Mormon,Salt impressed was Lake much City—That by the world, fearless of opposition,

from it, taken Elder askedthe tract to accomhim Rich and "A Friendly being established as he was on the

Discussion,"or found a wealth of pany him to Salt Lake City in his material in his twovolume Scrapprivate railroad car and to answer principles of eternal truth. He

book of Mormon Literature. a few questions Theodore Roosewas a stalwart defender of the

President Rich was born Novemvelt had concerning the Church. truth, a friend of mankind,

ber 7, 1855, in Salt Lake City, Utah, Elder Rich went to the candidate's faithful to every duty, capable the son of Elder Charles C. Rich of bedroom as the southbound train to perform the labors to which

the Council of the Twelve and was near Idaho Falls. Hundreds he was called, and always willSarah DeArmon Pea Rich, both pioof questions were asked that night, ing and ready to perform.neers of 1847. He died in New and in the early morning hours—President Joseph F. Smith

York City at the height of his cawhen President Rich left the bedreer, as president of the Eastern room south of Cache Junction,

States Mission, September 13, 1913. Utah, the vicepresidential candidate the President of the United States.

But his activities would fill several thanked Elder Rich, saying that he It has been said that Joseph F.

ordinary lifetimes. had never listened to a more interSmith attributed the Washington

esting of a great people account and Smith of Elders Henry journey John feet six nearly stature he In was religion. great a greatest the as E. Rich and Ben carriage.tall, graceful erect, a with

right ultito Smoot's in Reed his single Senator Smoot's factor When fine foreface, a handsome hadHe chalseat is States United Senate Little generally was victory. mate

classical a eyes, kindly dark,head, F. lenged, President Smith acRoosevelt's Joseph President of known smile, a jaw, firm a happynose, a asked John Henry Smith and Ben tive support in the matter. with blessed laugh,hearty was and trip to E. special Rich a to make RoosPresident Theodore When the of one voice. was musicala He in Elder D. Washington, to Chattanooga, evelt a visit C, made of the preachers eloquentmost Presito interview behalf Smoot's there a from parade Tennessee, was

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterdent Theodore Roosevelt. Senator the hotel three blocks to the Chattahad His voiceday Saints. asked Kearns unusual Thomas of Utah was E. Rich auditorium. Ben nooga its friendly power, andcarrying senthe interview. to arrange ropes, the The the curb behind stood at respect andtone always commanded ator envoys accompanied the two with past marched as the group and

in openair meetingsattention. At to the he atand misthe head, at the White House, the President

the large cities of the mission field tempted to introduce them to the sion president called, "How do you he would gather throngs about him President. do, Mr. President?"

in the course of a few minutes. "Senator,"the chief executive Recognizing the voice, the PresiPresident Rich went to his home said, "I know both of these men as dent stopped and walked over to

in Rexburg, Idaho, for a few days, well as I know you. They are my the curb and shook hands with Eldafter the 1900 October general conpersonal friends."er Rich, asking him how he was

ference. While there, Theodore After asking several pertinent faring in the mission field. The

Roosevelt, then a candidate for the questions he suggested that the President was concerned with the vicepresidency of the United Church men interview several Senmobbings of the elders in the South

States, was the guest of honor at a ate leaders, and to say to those senand closed the short discussion political rally. Elder Rich, at that ators that they had been sent by (Continued on page 486)

JUNE 1952 403 thi e mn

SUPPLICATION HPhis is the second printing of a collecdesired journey into that country.

(Lyrics by William Mulder, music by tion of funeral themes, compiled by Graduated as an engineer from Lon-

B. Cecil Gates. The Choir Publishing Albert L. Zobell, Jr., the original edidon University, Mr. Wells has headed

Company, Salt Lake City, Utah. 7 pages. tion having been unavailable for some various scientific expeditions to various

20 cents.) two years. The brief quotations it conareas of the world. Now he is an

tains in its 160 pocketsize pages, are American citizen, making his home in 'T'his musical selection arranged for classified under the following subsec- Bermuda and New York, and has become mixed voices, and just published, tions: Men Speak of Death; The Poets a writer of note, as well as platform

was among the musical remains of Add Their Bit; The Scriptures Chart the and radio lecturer. The book offers

musical Gates,Professor B. Cecil whose as sounding as well a rare Latterday Concepts. With Way; entertainment—

are lovedcontributions to the Church this notes concerning it will of importance serve a included, useful index and valued highly because they lift useful purpose for many people who land, bone of contention between the noble sentiments to lofty heights have occasion to speak at funerals or Union of India and Pakistan. M. C. /.

through inspired strains of music. The to send condolences to those who have

text of this lyric, written by a sonin-law lost those they love. R. L. E. READINGS IN COUNSELING

of Brother Gates, has been molded by (Edited by Karl P. Zerfoss. Association

the composer into a touching, uplifting Your Behavior Problems, by O. Press, N. Y. 1952. 639 pages. $6.00.)

cry of the troubled soul. Hope comes Spurgeon English and Constance J.

into view as this beautiful selection is Foster; Life with Brothers and Sisters HpHis collection of excerpts from leading

sung to compelling music of a great by Frances Ullmann; Helping Children writings in counseling should prove

A. W. Understand Sex by Lester A. Kirkenhelpful and stimulating to those whoartist.—/.

dall; When Children Start Dating by deal with people in leadership situaHIATT-HIETT GENEALOGY Edith G. Neisser; Exploring Atomic tions. The dramatic and sometimes

AND FAMILY HISTORY Energy by John Lewellen; Clubs Are frightening developments of the day

(William Perry Johnson. Copyright Fun by Mildred C. Letton and Adele M. make it imperative that leaders under1951. $12.50—$8.25. to family org.) Ries; Primer of Atomic Energy by John stand some of the stresses confronting

"Decording the 8,500 names of the Hiatt Lewellen Science Research Associates, people in our rapidly changing world.

of part the helpful most Probably the Inc., Illinois. are 10, Chicago Here historical to addition in descendants

is there are people's that book many of these booklets helpful some more is a of interestmatters and importance ideas, affords a wellrounded view which will aid that of parent teacher the and compiler undertaking.tremendous The

of variety the of be done can what and in people, understanding youth young at hisof the been working has book for aiding methods /. C. of particular importance, and more people.—M. for history historicalgenealogical and

seventeen years and has gathered a they aid the youth in understanding wealth of material, which he has thorthemselves.

oughly annotated, as to authenticity. One fact that is particularly comThe book, while of interest to memmendable is that the constructive side

bers of the Hiatt family specifically, afis always emphasized in these booklets, THE WATER THAT JACK fords an excellent example of what may as, for instance, treatment of the atom DRANK be done by a family that is moved by bomb, which to many young people (William R. Scott. William R. Scott.

the spirit of finding its ancestors, as has been particularly frightening. Inc., N. Y.)

Elijah promised would be done in these—M. C. /.

latter days.—M. C. /. T Tsing vivid paintings and the rhythm

TWO SOFAS IN THE PARLOR pattern of the lilting "This Is The

THE GOWN OF GLORY (David Cornell Dejong. Doubleday & House That Jack Built,"William R.

(Agnes Sligh Turnbull. Houghton, Co., New York. 1952. 253 pages. $3.00.) Scott and Charles G. Shaw take the

Mifflin Co., Boston. 1952. 403 pages. HPms delightful portrait of a Dutch reader step by step through the proc-

$3.75.) family that arrived in Grand Rapids esses that bring the water from its

from Holland in the year 1913 will source to the glass that stood on the

HPhe author used the quotation from while away many a pleasant hour and shelf at Jack's house. Youngsters will

Horace as the theme for her book, leave the reader warmed by the readremember how Jack got the water to "Happy is he to whom God has given ing. The author has a rollicking touch drink because they will enjoy reading

with a sparing hand, as much as is that, added to his exceptional charabout it. D. L. G.

enough."It is a theme which should acterization and sense of situation, make

increasingly be emphasized. This story for real satisfaction in the reader. TIPPY

of family life in a small village and the—M. C. /. (Sally Scott. Harcourt, Brace and

love and loyalty that bind the family Company, New York. 46 pages. 1950.

together will make stimulating as well THE ROAD TO SHALIMAR $1.75.)

as wholesome reading. The story be- (Carveth Wells. Doubleday & Co., New

of young 1952. pages. a favorite $3.75.) Scott, 282 Callygins m 1881,

Nations United thoris an Kashmir the another readers, HPo has writtenless and invaluable.—M.but its messagesC. J.are timeYork.

will question, insolvable fascinating which book to Carveth oughly but

SUNLIGHT AND SHADOWS Wells it is the fulfilment of a longcher- appeal to children and cat lovers. Tip-

(Compiled by Albert L. Zobell, Jr. Bookished dream. Even though he had py is a lovable cat who tries very hard

craft Co., Salt Lake City. 160 pages. traveled to Pakistan—the doorway to to find a suitable home for himself.

$1.00.) Kashmir, he was unable to make the E. J. M.

404 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA General Conference Section

!&8:: ', ': f':-;: H---

if i \f,

's i I I jjjt

t% WW'

m r#*w*"

#: '; V.

Addresses delivered at the 122nd Annual General Conference,

April A, 5, and 6, 1952.

Favorable and Unfavorable Phases of

PRESENTDAY

by President

"From eternity to eternity he is the Third: Sunday School

same, and his years never fail."(D. & C.

76:1-4.) The general board of the Deseret Sunday School Union has been emphasizing

Encouragement Justified during the year 1951 the importance of proper spiritual teaching in our Sunday

It is a source of real encouragement to Schools. As a result there has been a

contemplate the loyalty and energetic notable increase in teacher training efforts of the priesthood of the Church, classes and enrolled teacher trainees over including of course the General Authorthe previous year.

ities, stake and ward officers, presiReports indicate an increase of 6% in dencies of missions, missionaries, officers, the number of classes held, and an inand members of branches throughout crease of 13% in number of trainees.

the world. I believe I can say in truth Better order and more reverence in

that the standard of efficiency in misopening exercises and in class work has sions and in organized stakes has never been a most commendable aim.

President David O. McKay been so high. A hasty glance at what Enlistment, or Sunday School missionquorums and auxiliaries have achieved ary work, has been stressed. There has

during the past year will confirm this. been an increase of 12% in the enrolat attendance average Sunment. The to is truly you, joy a with meet my

is It increased has day Schools 13%. sisters. six First: Quorums of the Priesthood brethren Another andIt

of the onethird that estimated about since the passed have Church months met in general conference. How the time According to reports that have been entire membership of the Church now

flies I There is an old hymn, now unreceived, the Melchizedek Priesthood of participate in Sunday School.

published, which could be sung approthe Church (and that includes all priately: worthy adult members) is showing an Fourth: Y.M.M.I.A.

increase in the number who pay a full

How swift the months have passed away, tithing, who observe the Sabbath day, In the 183 stakes, 10 missions reportTis conference again. who attend sacrament meetings, and who ing, including 1,638 wards and branches,

And Zion's untold thousands come hold regular family prayers. the Young Men's Mutual Improvement

To swell the joyful strain. There has also been an increase in Association reports a total membership

priestat average of attendance average weekly attendance 104,383, with an A seat fiveyear of meetings. period In a hood 53%.

thiscant occupiedmorning—asix monthsvoice valiantago is andvathe is joint increase participation in following the In Y.M. and (194751)

in defense thenvigorous activities recreational stake silent today.gospel is an increase. Departments ofWethemissrestoredDr. shown: 7947 1951 Y.W.M.LA.there has been

F. of Merrill, the CounmemberJoseph averaged an increase of 20% Priests 46% 48% refHigh lovingcil of the Twelve, make and greatest increase in the coming Seventies to 50%,M Menthe 39% 44% discharacter toerence his noble and

tinguished service. Elders 18% 20%

workers, fellow now, And my dear it In participation in all phases of the ofis gratitude, feelings mingled with satisfaction, and apprehension that I Church program, the following marked greet members of the Church assembled increase is shown in the same fiveyear in this opening session of the 122nd period:

Annual Conference. 1947 1951

High Priests 67% 91% Gratitude Seventies 54% 89% Elders 31% 70% We are grateful for the blessings of the Lord to his Church in all the world, Second: Relief Society

and for the assurance of his divine guidance and inspiration. With deep A memorandum from Sister Belle S.

gratitude we acknowledge in your presSpafford, president of the Relief Society, ence, his nearness and his goodness; indicates that there has been an increase

and in that spirit of prayerful appreciain membership in that organization of tion proclaim that our souls respond in from 126,550 in 1950 to 132,451 in 1951, harmony with the spirit of a glorious or an increase of 5,901.

Prophet given thevision Joseph visits Teachers have 2,055,803 made give heavens, "Hear, ye andSmith: toO last year. increase over of 145,141 an rejoice earth,ear, inhabitants ye and O 193,- sick Visits to and homebound—is forthereof, beside Lord the and God,

last of increase over 11,200 558, or an is savior. there nohim

is his are year. "Great marvelous wisdom,

his ways, and the extent of his doings Choruses of the Relief Society Singing none can find out. Mothers are increasing, thus furnishing

"His purposes fail not, neither are the sisters with an opportunity for spirthere any who can stay his hand. itual expression through choral singing.

Los Angeles Stake has gone over the top 256%. We were a week later starting

our canvass in the South Los Angeles

Stake, so we have reached only 10% of the people, but we have 90% of the quota subscribed from the 10%."Last

evening the presidents from those stakesCONDITIONS met with the First Presidency and reported $1,666,000.00 subscribed, and

more subscriptions coming in.David O. McKay

Now that is indicative of the spirit that animates the members of the

Gleaner and ScoutBeehive Departments. 1. We will act as we should in our Church in their efforts to further the

The general board of Y.M.M.I.A. is Heavenly Father's house. interest of establishing the kingdom of

Well, God. to endeavoring you and bless we commend every in have the boy 2. will greet friends our quietly. We will you, bless you. and attend M.I.A. regularly, ward God with a

3. will not take the of the name We result that the enrolment has grown in vain. Lord of Causes four Apprehension from 81,253 years to ago 104,383

this last year. 4. We will respect those chosen by

our Heavenly Father to lead us. But now, brethren and sisters, we have

Fifth: Y.W.M.I.A. cause for apprehension. I refer to the

Another very commendable feature is efforts to deprive man of his free agency

The Young Women's Mutual Imthe "Kindness to Animals Club"being—to steal from the individual his liberty.

provement Association had an enrolment sponsored by The Children's Friend. I Next to life itself free agency is the

in 1951 of 110,095 as compared with commend that to your attention, espegreatest gift of God to man.

105,309 the previous year. cially when we sense the reports that The two most important documents

In December 1949, there was an allwe have had recently regarding some affecting the destiny of America are the over Church average for the girls 12 to sadist young boys who have been going Declaration of Independence and the 19 years of age of 48% attendance at around with "22's"shooting, just for Constitution of the United States. Both

sacrament meetings. This is a very commere sport, the starving deer. these immortal papers relate primarily

mendable feature. Also 61% attended to the freedom of the individual.

Sunday School, and 59% M.I.A. In Genealogical Society Founded upon that principle of free

December 1951, the average had inenterprise fostered by these documents, creased to 53% at sacrament meetings; In 1951 there were 31,726 persons who the United States of America in less

63% at Sunday School; and 64% at undertook research through the books than two centuries has achieved a great-

M.I.A. This substantial increase shows of the library, and approximately 13,000 ness that exceeds that of any other coun-

a great spiritual growth, for it means individuals who used the records in the try in the world.

that our girls are attending more Church Archives Department. At the close of The deep concern of every loyal citimeetings and hence gaining a greater 1951 there were sixteen million cards in zen regarding this threatened loss of our

knowledge of the gospel. the Index Bureau files. The records of freedom has been well expressed by a

two hundred thousand separate family Mr. Fred G. Clark, Chairman of the

Sixth: Primary Association units were examined at the Index American Economic Foundation, whereBureau. in he expresses the fear that the code

Last year marked the completion of A total of between twentyfive and of the people is replacing the code of the Primary Children's Hospital, the thirty million pages of records were God. Here are his own words. I shall

dedicatory service having been held on placed in the files of the microfilm litell you when I end the quotation: "The

March 2 of this year. brary during the year 1951, and a total American giant towers over the world

of lineal 2,334,058 feet of film dewere strength, in its physical greater than for 1951project most commendable A veloped in the laboratory in Salt Lake that of all the rest of the nations put stressed for 52 four phases of reverence during 1951. together. boys and girls. I will read those: City

are just These a few highlights giving "But something is wrong with Amercause for satisfaction. There is a genica.

eral response, as the figures and reports "At this high moment of history when indicate, on the part of the people of the task of world leadership has been the Church everywhere. The responsithrust upon us, we stand confused, rebilities they carry, the undertakings that luctant, hesitant, and ineffectual.

they adopt and employ to raise 50% of "We are no longer certain what we the cost of their houses of worship are stand for, and this, I believe, is because most remarkable. we have forgotten the circumstances

I think I will give you an instance. surrounding the birth of our nation....

Last February a meeting of all the presi- "For decades it has been popular in dents of the stakes of southern California America for the cynical intellectuals to was held. President Waite and his assneer and scoff at what we call the trasociates and the committee presented to ditions of Americanism.

those brethren a suggested plan whereby "The instruments of this sabotage the stakes and wards of that region were words and thoughts—plausible

might raise a million dollars to assist halftruths, sly appeals to that spark of in the construction of the Los Angeles larceny that lurks in every human heart,

Temple. Three weeks later, as the First subtle suggestions of an atheistic nature,

Presidency sat at the table in their reguand the careful nurturing of a patronizlar daily meeting, they read a telegram ing attitude toward everything America that came that morning from President has held to be fine and sacred.

Russon of the Los Angeles Stake, stating, "The people who planted these words "We have already canvassed the wards and thoughts may have been either in our stake, and they have subscribed stupid or vicious, fools or foreign agents, 256% of their quota."And while we smartalecs, or smart organizers.

were reading that, the telephone rang "What they were does not now matand President Waite of the South Los ter: the thing that does matter is to

Angeles Stake at the other end said, "I counteract what they have done.

thought you would like to know that the (Continued on following page) the sacredness of the individual, that

President David 0; McKay continued God's work and glory is "to bring to pass

the immortality and eternal life of "Everybody in every position of leader- "Preach the word; be instant in seaman."

ship has to get into this act because the son, out of season; reprove, rebuke, exUnder this concept, it is a great impodamage all doctrine. longsuffering and with has affected every phase of our hort for any a crime, sition, not if indeed

life. they the "For time will come when or union, any labor any government,

"The places in which this sabotage will not endure sound doctrine; but other organization to deny a man the

occurred were the schools, the churches, after their own lusts shall they heap right to speak, to worship, and to work.

the communistdominated labor halls, to themselves teachers, having itching Third: Preach that the plan involves

the lecture platforms, the motion picears; the belief that governments were institures, the stage, the pages of our news- "And they shall turn away their ears tuted of God for the benefit of man.

papers shall and truth, magazines, turned the from be unto and radio. the and of benefit the for the born not was Man

ofEvery fables."(II 4:2-4.) means Timothy communication has been can that government state. Preach no

.utilized.. against us. I the quote from exist peace, in and It is as as today important Paul when (or "The nation) man has who except such Covenants, Doctrine and farewell to that a wrote message Timothy of way which he beas inviolate,plan—a held life—in are and framed laws officers in that teachers the and Churchlieves, has security. mental "free individual the each to secure will is, the "preach be word; instant—that destroy this "To security, one must right conthe conscience, of and exercise eager, of season out anddestroy earnest—in that faith man's in his plan. of protection the property, of trol and season.""Reliance life a of on code if which, life."

held in common with one's fellow men, Today, in the midst of the world's Fourth: Preach the sacredness of fambrings peace of mind, develops the abilperplexity, of the family there perpetuation should question ily be no ties—the

...ities of the group. of of society. Latterday cornerstone any true as the in the mind

degree to "The the which American shall as Saint preach. to what The we necessity of honthe Fifth: Proclaim

life ofcode has been weakened best can is clear as as the answer sun noonday day's loyalty, honest doing an esty andbe demonstrated by simply calling atsky. in a cloudless Preach day's pay. honest for an work totention the degree to which the is essential in there to 1830, year given the government In that honesty wasfoundation of that code has been weakstability of our of of this world, the land the perpetuation people to and and theened.

it stato is necessary as the divine individuals a plan can whereby government people "Many become selfconscious individual. in the find of security bility character of peace and and mind discussing thiswhen I foundation: am true, live honest, their in in accord believe being harmonious with "Wenot of one those people.

all in dovirtuous, beings. theories fellow In chaste, and benevolent, man's and "That foundation of this (and there is If all there history since experiments to began, ing men. good... humancannot be the slightest of shadow a of or lovely, intelligence good virtuous, devised a never has system anything

isdoubt) of made the up Ten Comafter to of seek or report, praiseworthy, applied the needs which, we whenmandments the and Rule. Golden this things."even plan humanity, can approach these

this "Within moral code, have we a in effectiveness. instant us in be Let summarize: Tocomplete life. of way of declaring that season, out season, and is this then, In the words, simple "Acceptance of these precepts takes is Father loving Heavenly kind a and the should preach which we Word—ofcare every of phase life human bless to as ever eager today as ready and of salvation. gospel planspiritual, political, social, ecoand all will children his to guide who and

...nomic.

I witbear seek him, sincerely and you in Faith God "America a was of nation people who truth. to that ness faith inhad their political and economic his the that Son, Beloved Proclaim of this founders great republic Thesystems because they faith in had God, of stands Savior mankind, and Redeemer political faith in the economic had and builtand had those systems around the his of his bears that at the head Church this of welfare country because theyteachings of God. inspires those guides he and it is faith in unnot had God. Today name—that "Every collectivist from Karl to Marx here represent to authorized are him who to attitude apologetic note an commonStalin has agreed that faith in must God priesthood the by on refer of part to the on they when men earth—authorizedbe destroyed before socialism take can bestowed upmessengers heavenly when of afin the governing the need Godover.

others Smith Prophet the and Joseph on fairs as of Indeed, already has men. it "Therefore, was obvious that the authority. divine associated with him said, of success the been communismproblem of sabotaging America's faith of deresponsibility the that Preach largely of substitution the depends uponin America the was of problem translife, of this of this claring plan way belief in the belief suin the by Godferring the people's faith in to God rests life, salvation of this plan upon state. of the premacyfaith in the State.

of the entire Church, membership the in of. season season Preach out and thing "That called morality in polparticularly those who but upon most beliefitics, in Father, the in his Eternal business, God and private contracts, had to priesthood the ordained have been Christ, in theto Ghost. Jesus Son and be Holy broken down. leaders as called been have and who an increasing "To extent Bear witness that the the unpeople and "God of people. the servants andhave to come look to seen thinker, morality world,"upon leading quote as a an as said to today, Paul them Tooldfashioned.. superstition. "are of objects not surmise. mere give admonition: the. Timothy, we "Religion for has Religion standing the expechurch many on known meminstant in seathe word; be "Preachbers a safe become of rience of race the way bold one dying rather makes and reprove, of rebuke, son, season; out

athan good living."asserts way affirmation. glorious that of She all doclongsuffering exhort with and

this for that truth, for power makes trine."his entire I commend speech, from is less for perbeauty, goodness not and

Iwhich have taken these extracts.

is sonal faith of leap This we. than let be praised God's In Zion name

to this Add threatening in upset justified naless because be cannot than feast God prepared, a has Who tional standards the increasing... tendency raised, greatest gospel the his of glorious standard works. The When,

to abandon ideals that constitute the therefore, we call God personal we have The ancient faith restored.

foundation of the American home, and interpreted him by the loftiest symbol Swift heralds, the glad news to bear you will agree with me that there is we have. He may be infinitely more. O'er land and ocean fly;

disclose to world the wondering for Andcause apprehension. less. cannot be He we call God When high. from on message The a spirit, use the clearest lens what we Now we shall we do about it? That

us.concerns to look have at the infinite."(Charles this destiny to fulfil give us power God

of Yale.) Dinsmore When our Paul was a prisoner in Rome, of to perform Church, the and

he sent a letter to Timothy, saying in Second: Latterday Saints proclaim duties, I pray, in the name of Jesus

substance: that fundamental in this gospel plan is Christ. Amen.

408 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE TABERNACLE by President Stephen L Riebards

sat in the Tabernacle a short time ago with 16 doors 10 feet wide, and 4 doors listening to beautiful music. After A\/2 feet wide, allowing the exit of

I the concert was over I was a little 13,000 persons in 5 minutes. Its archiembarrassed inwardly to recognize that tect, Henry Grow, claimed that it was

I had heard but very little of what went the largest hall in the world unsupforward, for almost at the beginning of ported by columns. I have made no

the program my thoughts turned to this research to determine for how long a great building in which we are met time the architect's statement may have today. Somehow or other, its place in been true.

our history and its connotations assumed The huge capacity of the building is such proportions in my thinking that I most tangible evidence of the firm condecided that it might be worthy of a viction of the builders in the growth little of our attention as we ponder the and destiny of the cause they upheld.

progress and mission of the restored Without its great size it never could

Church of our Lord. have served its mighty purpose. In the

This Tabernacle of the Church of early days of our settlement in these

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, erected valleys of the mountains, communicaon what we designate as Temple Square tion was very difficult. Even after the

in Salt Lake City, Utah, has come to be coming of the telegraph and the railPresident Stephen L Richards one of the most interesting and widely roads, people had to come and see and known buildings in western America, hear to get correct impressions and inand perhaps in all America, excluding formation. Had the building been don't know that there is a comparable

structures at the national capital and at smaller, countless thousands would have situation in the country. It has always

points of great historic interest in the been deprived of opportunities and been the effort to maintain standards formation of the republic. blessings they have most highly prized. of conduct in this building and on the

The first work on the Tabernacle was Then, too, it seems to me worthy of grounds roundabout which comport with begun in the spring and summer of note that the building was built just the beliefs and standards of the Church.

1863. The first foundation stone was about as large as it could have been Those who come here are asked not to

laid July 26, 1864. The Tabernacle was built so that an audience within it smoke or drink or use profane language,

completed, so far as to be usable, by could be made to hear, long before the and I think that, with few exceptions,

October 6, 1867, when the first conday of electrical magnification of sound. they who are not of our faith, and who

ference was held in the building. The The acoustics of the Tabernacle have do not practise our standards, have been

following is a quoted notation in the been the subject of comment by sciensufficiently respectful of our views to record tific persons and others for many years. observe the decorum of this building.

"The gates to the Temple Block were I don't know that a full treatise has We appreciate their consideration.

opened at nine o'clock, and the people ever been written, but it would make a This Tabernacle has been, in some flooded in. Long before ten o'clock, deserving and interesting thesis. This respects, a civic center. It has been a

the time for the commencement of the great structure, enormous at the time forum for Presidents of the United conference, the seats in the great Taberof its building, is the physical embodiStates, candidates for the Presidency, nacle were filled, the aisles and doorment of a mighty concept that the work notables from foreign countries, arid ways were crowded, and many were left of God is expansive, allembracing, with lecturers, and for the discussion of some outside. The stand was filled with the room for all who will come and listen of the most important issues which have

Church officials and the various choirs and receive. ever confronted the nation. It has been

who were present to take part in the The Tabernacle has been a great used as a gathering hall for great naservice."cultural center. For eighty years it has tional conventions, and it has played

The conditions here described are housed substantially all of the major a part in the advancement of important not difficult for the present generation concerts, symphonies, bands, choirs, and civic causes. It has paid tributes of

to visualize. vocal and instrumental artists who have homage and honor to our national

The organ was only onethird comcome to this section of the country. heroes; it has met the demands of

pleted by this time but was used to It is safe to say that without it the comemergency; it has been through the

accompany the singing. Temporary munities in this area would have been years an invaluable asset in our comseats were used since the installation of deprived of innumerable opportunities munity life.

permanent seats was not completed to see and hear the outstanding talent More important than any of these, until sometime during the summer of of the world. It has been the scene however, in the history of this great

1868. The gallery was not completed of great pageants that will long live in Tabernacle, is its place and function as

until later, and was first used at the our memories; and in addition to being a house of worship.

postponed general conference of the the greatest stage for artistic presentaSince singing usually begins our pubChurch on May 5, 1870. It is recorded tions in our community, it has been a lic worship, at this point I would like

that this additional seating capacity was place of instruction and rehearsal for to speak a little of the choirs of the much appreciated, and that the installathousands upon thousands of children, Tabernacle. Here is and has been for

tion of the gallery improved the young people, and adults, developing over seventyfive years the home of the acoustics of the building. talent and artistic appreciation wholly Tabernacle Choir. I would not venThe Tabernacle was not dedicated beyond our power to measure. Throughture to say whether the Tabernacle

until October of 1875. I shall speak of out the years the building has generally has made the choir or the choir has

the dedication later. been contributed to almost every conmade the Tabernacle famous. It is

Perhaps one of the first significant ceivable cultural project which has come sufficient to know that all through the items about the building is its size. It our way. years we have had a great choir in a

is 250 feet long by 150 feet wide; 65 In thus extending the use of the great setting. As many as sixty years

feet to the ceiling, 75 feet to the top of building, the Church has had what I ago the Tabernacle Choir had a nathe roof, standing upon 44 stone pillars, believe to be a unique experience. I (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1952 409 same doctrine as did they. How upPresident Stephen I Richards Continued setting it would be if we had to choose

between the principles and doctrines of tional reputation. Through eisteddfods, mony with such power and conviction their time and ours. We in this Taberits high placement in contest in the and spirit as to electrify every soul who nacle hear the same message as did the

World's Fair, and through concerts in heard; when I contemplate the operapeople in Kirtland and Nauvoo.

big cities, east and west, it early attion of the still, small voice, which has It is true that methods and practices tained renown in musical circles. In come from simple and lowly words change. They have done in the past,

recent times, through national and ingiven here, which have touched the and they may be expected to in the ternational broadcasts, the Tabernacle hearts and sympathies of the people; future. It is within the province of a

Choir and the Spoken Word are housewhen I think of the vast volume of receptive priesthood, obedient to the hold words throughout the land. Durprecious truth which has been proinspiration of our Father, to adopt and

ing its history, both before and after claimed from this stand, I feel very adjust methods, looking toward the enlarged facilities became available, two small and weak within it. My only advancement of his kingdom. It is also

aspects of its work have been outcomfort comes from the realization that within the province of his chosen servstanding and conspicuous: First, the dethe noble ones who have graced this ants to interpret and apply the law, but

votion of the members; and next, the pulpit have been called to speak here, they will never change it, for the law

excellence of its leadership. I doubt as I have been called, and that they of God is eternal.

if any comparable volunteer organizawere common men, so far as the aristoc- I wish to say a word about the comtion of its size and responsibilities can racy of the world is concerned, drawn fort and solace which have come to present as fine a record for as long a from all walks of life, just as my brethour Father's children in this great buildtime. The Church is and has been for ren and I are today. ing. Funeral services have been held

these many years proud of this great What a difference in the history of here for many noble men and some organization, and I believe we all feel the Tabernacle it would have made had women. Heavenly music has been ren-

a lasting debt of gratitude to the great the building come to be merely a great dered, so inspiring and touching that it conductors, the great organists and techpreacher's church. We have had in seemed as if those from the other world

nicians, and the great members of this America such preachers and such could have joined in the singing. Serillustrious organization. I attribute their churches. For periods of time eloquent mons depicting the transition into imgreatness, in large measure, to the deeply men have enthralled audiences, achieved mortality, and expounding the atonereligious fervor which has always actuwide distinction, and have undoubtedly ment and redemption wrought by our

ated them. I know that with their done much good. In the providence Savior, have been given with such conartistic temperaments they have loved of the Lord, this pulpit has never been vincing assurance as to elevate the agto sing, but the consistency of their any one man's forum. Rather it has grieved and despondent to the sublimperformance has come out of a sense of been the oracle of a divine dispensation ity of resignation, hope, and firm faith.

conscientious duty and opportunity to where the cause has overshadowed the Within these sacred walls have the great serve the Lord and advance his kingman, where humility has higher rating of our community found opportunity dom. From that sentiment have come than selfassurance, where worship is for the expression of their noblest

some of the great contributions which measured in deeds rather than protestathoughts and convictions, and from herethe choir has made—contributions tions. they have been laid to rest in the closspirit essence breathe the andwhich life lives. dramas the All their ing of for brethren a moment, Ponder my contributions latterday work,of the all the enacted, here been sisters, all listen, have the that and and who

inspirited missionary the havewhich historic setting this in vital episodes vital glorious truths have and which for his work, honored have and which are but they will recounted; be never in this been proclaimed building—the laid pioneers the thevenerated who record, the keeps to one of the composition nature who all known Godand

extolled the havefoundations, which of resolution, every every change of universe, organization and the the head, virtue our of Christglory and out of the arising contrition every history in heart, placement and Lord, the of man prophets, and honored whichand his will building, in this service rendered in living, his purpose and the the earth, have brought comfort and solace to the divine destiny set for him, the laws be a fitting tribute to the purposes it bereaved.poor, the discouraged and served. eligibility has his conduct governing and his

is the a through choir which,Here the Tabernacle In celestial presence, for exaltation in the some respects may in purposegenerations, has seen as the center life appropriately be designated in the true concept of family its the work, which has striven steadfastly to eternal progression of the race, the truth of our missionary work. More sermons

great cause, has a whichadvance made doctrines the of the Church of governexpounding place about liberty and the of its theart serve Lord Author, to repentance calling the and world correct the concept and in the earth, the ments universe. God bless our Tabernacle of property, its acquisition and distribudefining the way to life eternal have

Choir, from the beginning through the tion, the sure foundations for peace, been preached from this pulpit than generations, as an emissary of art and brotherhood, and universal justice. All from any other place in the Church.

truth in the earth. these elemental things, and many others These sermons, testifying to the divine

Housed within the building is the incident thereto, have been the burden calling of the Prophet Joseph Smith in great organ. Its impressive fagade of of the message of truth which has come the restoration of the holy gospel, have

colossal pipes and ornamental columns from this building through the generabeen heard not only by the vast conand caps makes it appear as an ornate tions. gregations who have assembled here, but

temple within the auditorium, beautiful These messages have not changed also they have been printed, translated and intriguing to behold. The history with the passing of time. The Lord reinto various languages, and circulated

of its initial construction is itself a vealed these enduring principles. They in many countries throughout the earth.

glorious record of pioneer achievement. are part and parcel of eternal truth. The pronouncements from this very

Its melodic voice now heard in nearly Man may, by his faithful research and stand have furnished to our armies of all civilized portions of the globe has study, discover more about them, but missionaries, in large measure, the matebeen a thing alive, proclaiming in he will never change them. I would rial for their work among the peoples

sonorous and tender tones the solemn not discourage the inquiring mind in its to whom they are sent. In the earlier

and the sweet message of the Savior's exploration of the universe and quest days the missionaries were personally gospel to all who have the heart and for truth. My only caution is to begin called from the stand in this Taberthe ear to interpret and apply. Just as with recognition of the divine source nacle. One can well imagine the

the choir is integral with the Taberof truth and the revealed word of God. thrill and deep impression made by such

nacle, so is the organ with both. What confidence and assurance it procedure. Here the courses of life

I stand today in a pulpit sanctified brings to us to know that our men and were changed by assignments from the by its history. When I recall the noble women of today, surrounded by an enPresiding Brethren. Here the spirit of

servants of our Heavenly Father who vironment radically different from that sacrifice chastened the soul, and men have stood here and given inspired of our forebears who brought this great and women were dedicated to the work counsel to the people, and borne testibuilding into existence, proclaim the of God. Here was the true spirit of

410 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA missionary work—love and sacrifice for aspirations of the people at that time. Ghost and the gift and power of God;

let all people hearken thy repentspirit of humility, and a who breathes fostered. It andfellow man—developed

freely servants of drink the so to thy gratitude, words and a faith ance, deep the Tabernacle, recent times In more with its wonderful Sunday morning prorealistic and compelling as to overat the fountain of the waters of life, gram, has made an invaluable contribucome all obstacles in the achievement that they may become wise unto salvation to our missionary endeavor in of the mighty destiny conceived for tion, and thereby overcome the world bringing to our missionaries a more God's work in the world. I wish every and be prepared for an everlasting inkindly and considerate reception as they member of the Church could read it. heritance in the celestial kingdom of

bear the message of the gospel from The Deseret News printed it threeour God....

door to door out in the world. Also in quarters of a century ago. Perhaps they "We pray thee to bless the Twelve

later years, with visitors to Temple might care to do it again at some Apostles; fill them with the spirit of

Square reaching more than a million a convenient time. This remarkable their office and calling, clothe them

year, this historic structure has achieved prayer went into great detail. In it were with the intelligence of heaven, the

a position subordinate to but few places dedicated not only the usual components light of revelation, and the gift and in the country in tourist interest. Thouof a great building, but also "the mortar power of God."

sands there are who come here every which binds the foundation stones toThen followed prayers, in the order year, whose unfavorable preconceptions gether,"the "nails, bolts, and straps of indicated, for the Patriarch to the are altered, and who must go away with iron, of copper, and the brass, the zinc, Church, for the seventies, the high unforgettable impressions emanating the tin, and the solder wherewith the priests, the high councils, the elders, the from the teachings and influences commetal is soldered together,"the plaster Presiding Bishop, the priests, teachers, ing from this building and the grounds of the building, even "all the lath and and deacons. There were prayers for

round about. Surely a large part of the nails and the sand and the lime,"the Jews, for the Lamanites, and for all

Isaiah's prophecy has been realized. the locks and the hinges on the doors who desire to do good in this and all

The Lord's house has been established and windows, and the paint and the other nations. There were prayers also

in the top of the mountains, and many varnish "and all the ornamentation of for the cooperative institutions, for those nations flow unto it. We await the this building, both within and without."who entered into the United Order "acday which will surely come when the All these minute things represented cording to thy word,"the Relief Soremainder of this great prediction shall work and sacrifice which made them cieties, the Retrenchment Societies [the

be fulfilled, when sacred. Mutuals], the Sunday Schools, and then

Every portion of the building was this mighty appeal: "Let the comfort-

.. say, shall it people its fulfil go and that Come sacred dedicated many might rest Spirit of ing influence thy Holy

let of toye, the us the go mountain and. up to regarding purpose. Listen the words Saints, the the quickening and upon

of to ofLord, house the the Jacob; God assohistoric rostrum, where my of unite thy the Holy power Ghost of his will us teach ways, he andand we this of ciates Authorities of the the General affection, kindin sympathy, people shall his for ofwill paths: in out walk Zion

sit in presence: your Church "And now interest. people, ness thy and May forth of law, the the thego Lord and word

porconsecrate that dedicate and we as he Jesus be with God, (Isaiah 2:3.) Jerusalem.from one—one of this president our tion house where.. is in Father the with. one one

Can we doubt, my brethren and and thy servants now are, to be a holy spirit and feeling and interest; one in

sisters, that these things have been and sacred place wherein thy servants temporal and one in spiritual things, wrought by the hand and power of the may stand forth to declare thy words a band of brethren; one in rolling forth

Lord? In all humility I bear witness and minister unto thy people in the the kingdom, united together by eternal,

... indisputable ties; one in gathering thinethat here is the seat of the government name of thy Son forever.

of the kingdom of God, here is the "May thy holy angels and ministerelect, in building Temples and adplace where the authorized servants of ing spirits be in and round about this ministering to the living and for the our Lord are sustained and confirmed habitation, that when thy servants are dead; one in building up the Zion of

by the voice of the people. Here in called upon to stand in these sacred our God; one with all the redeemed

this venerated Tabernacle has every places, to minister unto thy people, and all the angelic hosts, in introducing

President of the Church, save only one, the visions of eternity may be open to the principles and laws of life to all of been upheld as prophet, seer, and revetheir view, and they may be filled with Adam's race and ushering in the millator, and President of the Church of the spirit and inspiration of the Holy lennial reign."

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. From My brethren and sisters, I reutter

here has gone forth the law out of that prayer in your presence today. It

Zion, and the blessings, the love and is the supreme desire and ambition of compassion of the servants of the Lord my life that this glorious destiny for for his children. our people and God's work be realized.

For nearly half a century I have been 1 testify that Jesus the Christ lives, the beneficiary of the teachings and the that he is the Lord of the earth, and influence coming from this historic the Author of our salvation, that his building. I thank God for it. I do precious gospel and his Church have

not wish to worship things material, been restored and reestablished through but I bow before the inspired vision his chosen servant, the Prophet Joseph and the lofty aspirations which brought Smith, and that the Holy Priesthood, this sacred edifice into being. If my and the authority to represent the Lord

regard for it, and my meager recital of have descended upon our present leader the part it has played in the advancein authentic succession, and that he ment of beauty and righteousness and stands before us today in humility, in truth in the earth shall bring any heart and mind receptive to the divine measure of increased deference and reSpirit, to lead us in the greatest cause spect for the Tabernacle and the holy ever committed to men. I give you

cause it represents, I shall be profoundly also my firm conviction that if we will grateful. but follow the teachings and the coun-

I said I would refer again to the sels of our President and his associates, dedication of this building. The notaall of which are in conformity with the

tion in the record is that the dedicatory pronouncements and principles given prayer of the "New Tabernacle in Salt in this sacred Tabernacle for nearly a

Lake City was read by Elder John century of time, there will be fulfilled

Taylor"on Saturday, October 9, 1875. every prophecy and glorious promise

In my opinion the prayer is a masterever made to Zion. God bless us to

piece in composition, and in its comprethis end, I humbly pray in the name of hensive recital of the conditions and Jesus. Amen,

JUNE 1952 411 Our DESTINY Was PLANNED

come to you in deep humility, sensing, at least in part, my responsibilheart, prayer a with and in myI ity, From The

I in yours, will be echoed hopewhich that I may be led to say something that will tend to our upbuilding and leading us into that narrow way of life which our Heavenly Father has marked out for those who would come back into his presence. May the Lord be with us kingdom with those who keep their first

during this whole session, and the estate; and they who keep their second

session that is to follow even as he has estate [the estate in which we now are] been with us to the present time. shall have glory added upon their heads

As I sat here yesterday, something for ever and ever."(Abraham 3:2426.)

brought to my mind that I am the oldest member of the General AuthoriThus we know whither we came, and ties. This is an honor that has been why we are here, and where, to what

thrust upon me by time. It is an honor place we shall go. The whole plan is

that any of my brethren can reach, if summed up in those few words.

they will live for it. I say this, neither Now since we came here to be proved,

by way of boasting nor for the purpose the Lord did not leave Adam in doubt of inviting sympathy, but I say it that about what he should do, or how he

I might make use of what I hope is should do it, for the Lord gave to Adam some experience of value and the result President J. Reuben Clark, Jr. the gospel, and the gospel which he gave

of some reflection. to him included the revelation and the

a come there would that knowledge lived there long I have and enough recall, will you who You Redeemer. intohas, year come more by year, my Whyherself,are "Wherewe here? didWhitherwe comedo wefrom?go?"of the angel the the scriptures, know thatconsciousness, the the knowledge

Saints have been instructLord asked Adam why he offered sacriprinciples of the everlasting gospel are We Latterday that, in instruction the has ed and come except not fice. did said know he He of rationalizing. powerbeyond my revelation. to in us modern so. to do been that commanded had he I there thatFurthermore, persuaded am in of the found book Abraham, The there. is lesson great there I a thinkis spirit of by the unaided the who, none

tells Price, of of Pearl beGreat the us try to say rationalize, why They who is this in only there oneLord, and ginning, the Lord came down how set that. this, do Adam do we why we this in world, the has andChurch who

intelligences, as result the a among and it? Because do did he example. the is, Why at rationalize, toright that the and

his great of there a coming down, was it. then And commanded Lord the had President time,present O. David Mcin in council record heaven. AbraThe to explained him of the Lord angel the seer, prophet, ourKay, and revelator—of precedes the the account which ham to come. that was great atonement the is feel that there to nonehave come

is council, that to devoted explaining to revealed so gospel that Adam Now, I rationalize. safely can Andwho am are creation, inequalities there in God's less greater or a to the in world has been that topersuaded hapby what more

intelligences, inequalities the and among less, time that from extent, sometimes in Christian early the Church,pened all are equal. said to not Lord The It should us taught until what we now. effective lacking that awhich, head was

this great to calling attention Abraham, do. not should do, what we and We centuries, drifted the earlyduring away

intelligences, of there that group were been has his Church never, have when to tried plan theybecause God's make great those the them among were who Christ, of been earth, the the Church on reason, theiraccord the with with and ones, to declared that he and Abraham points. these two in doubt on any of philosophies. thereason pagan

rulers. of to those be was one were who for Bible the some will examine You I carepersuaded watch must we am I just verses, three to read or want two of principles the of statement detailedfully follow that along those not do we I third reading chapthe from and am of Moses, until time the gospel, the up greatest heresies ofpaths. that the Some ter of Abraham: if will success. you But scant but with crept religion into the Christianhave

came in through a very few men who And there stood one among them [this read carefully the book of Moses in the held no real official position, mostly, great group] that was like unto God, and Pearl of Great Price, you can glean, and said principles those with he unto great were him: there the who will from glean taltheir their spent time andbut who

for will there, there is space go down, We as been they gospel, of this have even great,ents, in trying to they were and of will take materials, these and and we today. us to are taught revealed andrationalize Christ. gospel the Jesus will these earth an whereon make we may the had came, Ten Moses we is When these evidenceThere some were of—dwell.

us. are to given They Commandments resultscalled of the "schoolmen,"and

their work "scholasticism,"—and I am I call attention to the two succeeding the guiding star for the world civilizapersuaded that we have some tendency verses which I shall read, because they tion today. Blot out the Ten Commandin that direction as among ourselves, and are filled with certain great elemental ments, and you have the darkness which

I hope that the people will not listen truths. He continues: rests upon Russia and those nations

her. follow which of rationalizing theto undermen who

[the prove herewith them And we will to the to thattake attention I call the fact to plan conform God's make if intelligences], to see will all things they do it of them, every their they think be in one shouldwhat Commandments, Ten the shall their whatsoever Lord comGod weak and ineffective reasonings. mand them."have in them a spiritual element. There

I am grateful to have lived in this is nothing in them that, if obeyed, does day and age when the gospel has been That was the purpose for creating the not build the spirit. From then until

restored. I take it there is no man or earth. We were all there, all participatnow there has been, effective in the

woman who sits down calmly to think, ing; we thus knew of the plan from the world, a part at least of the great gospel.

in the Church or out of the Church, but very beginning. Men have known what they should do,

more particularly out of the Church, And they who keep their first estate shall and what they should not do.

for light has come to us who are in the be added upon; and they who keep not their Now time will not permit me to deChurch, who does not ask himself or first estate shall not have glory in the same velop what we should do. We do as we

412 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tion is ours, if we will but live for it.

We shall forfeit it if we do the things which his prophets have declared unto us should not be done. Read, I repeat,

sections 76 and 88 and see what the

Lord has laid up for us when we live the principles of the gospel.

My brethren and sisters, he who will read needs have no doubt of the greatBEGINNING future that lies ahead of us, he will have no doubt of the place to which we by President J. Reuben Clark, Jr. go,he ofwillthe haveassociationsno doubtwhichbutwillthatbe his;the

eternities that are to come are worth in happiness and joy, all of the giving up of the pleasures? socalled, of this life, from

order in idols offered alone. are commanded, to Latterday that we may We are to refrain. asked which we

design of the our Father, meet idols, Heavenly not worship Saints do do not we is reprize sure the the worth I am said, relics, shrines. worship do not have who we all, all straint. after the things And

if sometimes, there however, wonder refrain to are asked are that from is we this For behold, work and my my Iis of us. idolatry not something among of standards lower things our bring which the to pass immortality and glory—to I call idolaters, of worshipers our dimes life life, eternal 1:39.) (Moses of man. of standards our joy, lower lower

nickels. chasers of and for respect our humanity's and humanity

is the purpose. That for respect debtors leave to us, us and

I say, that the things I the But which that happy, very happy, Now, am list virtues. of Christian the whole

sacrifice, sacrifice devils, to Gentiles they and the told not us only Lord what we to his us the help keep Lord May I to not not that should would and God: ye do, told but us should has what we to help us that earn commandments, devils. fellowship have with do. told not should us the has He us. for provided has he which the of drink cannot Ye Lord, the cup will that things prevent gaining our I to at testimony bear devils: of the you and parcup And ye be my cannot

life. this eternal immortality Sad, and of takers Lord's table, lives, of the this table that that the hears time he and God

indeed, would have been our situation, of devils. (Ibid., 10:2021.) and answers prayers, for he has heard

told been merely had might what we we testi- I bear answered mine. you and my

left do. in darkness not us But he has is is Christ, that that the Jesus he Peter said: mony

to as to do. not ought what we of of the the the Redeemer God, Son

And since doing the things we ought But there were false prophets also among World, the First Fruits of the Resurnot to do forfeits the glory which the the people, even as there shall be false rection, that through his redeeming teachers if you, privily us, for shall Lord has among out who and marked you is all shall saved, that blood be mankind in heresies, bring damnable even denying to that sections read about want know say, resurrected, shall to that and be the that Lord bring them, bought and upon of 88 the 76 Doctrine and and Covekeep the those and commandments who swift (II destruction. themselves Peter 2:1.) nants, refrain then doing from must we life lived live the gave he and which six things the These hate: doth yea, Lord things the has us which he commanded celestial eternal will glory the in an have seven are abomination unto an him:

to do, refrain not of from misdoings look, lying proud a kingdom. tongue, hands A and

kinds, refrain various from sin, and all that shed innocent blood, witness I bear that you Joseph my it transgressions. perhaps And I thought heart that deviseth An that did a vision, Faththe have wicked imaginaSmith

if tions, not might be feet value without I were to that swift to be in running misvisit er did that holy Son and him, chief, for reflect to read you, to you upon some to priesthood, that the angels him; came

lies, witness that speaketh A false and of the things that are told ought we we of Priesthood he the Holy had which God that discord soweth (Probrethren. among to do, of offenses not the should some we lost for to centuries earth the been was 6:1619.) if verbs the penalty that not commit under this restored earth; to that through him

shall do commit reach not them we we I read to these the those you that followed show have him in his who full the the Lord has glory which marked Lord not left has us great of in calling in doubt of President nor high and for us. out as darkness to the things, Priest the some Presiding the of them, Church, High

I to read going just a few And am that should not rights, of the these we the Church, have add same do. We

things said: Paul. from Paul to the privileges, Ten authority the the Commandments. same same

For men shall be lovers of their own Now, my brethren and sisters, salvawhich he held, even from Joseph's time selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, down to President McKay, who holds disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy, those rights, exercises those functions,

Without natural affection, trucebreakers, possesses all of the spiritual powers of false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers the priesthood which Joseph had; and

of those that are good. that this Church will continue to go forTraitors, lovers heady, of highminded, those follow that ward, President who

pleasures of lovers than more God; like privileges, will the enjoy McKay a of godliness, form Having but denying

like exercise authority, the like the and... thereof: the power turn such from away.

But evil men and seducers shall wax worse functions.

and worse, deceiving, and being deceived. There is no doubt about this, my

(II Tim. 3:2-5, 13.) brothers and sisters, and if we could

just take this into our hearts and underThat was to Timothy. Again to Timostand it, make it part of ourselves, not

thy: a mere expression, not lipservice but

O Timothy, keep that which is committed service by act, the power of this people to thy trust, avoiding profane and vain would be unlimited.

babblings, and oppositions of science falsely God grant that to all of us and to (I called. so 6:20.) Tim. of to this testimony, each come us may

let Neither us fornication, commit as some shall that the continue to spread end we fell of committed, them in and one day in gospel the to the world, continue... three thousand. twenty and

Wherefore, my dearly beloved, flee from build up our own Church, and for ouridolatry. (1 Cor. 10:8, 14.) selves individually, and as an incident

to all that, gain eternal salvation in his

And that was the burden of Paul, celestial kingdom, I humbly pray in the "flee from idolatry,"and leave the food—Photo by Jeano Orlando name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

JUNE 1952 413 FULFILMENT of PROPHECY

by President Joseph Fielding Smith

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Joseph Fielding Smith

am very grateful for the meeting that I am grateful for the gospel, for all our fathers fought for, and which was held this morning and for the the privileges which are mine to give brought to pass according to the word of this to of Lord, the redemption the that for is mine the privilege to the service, that was givenI good counsel of blood. a true servant the shedding land by and be Maker that I pray of the Church. honor mymembers

we will heed it and remember that we to our Master, the Savior and Redeemer There is no other course for us to are living in a wicked worldwhere of the world. take but the course of righteousness and

men's hearts have turned from truth to We are all aware that we are in truth. An ancient prophet on thisuntruth, from righteousness to wickedimminent danger—danger because Satan continent said, "... the natural man

ness; when men are unrighteously amrages in the hearts of the people. This is an enemy to God."(Mosiah 3:19.)

bitious, seeking for power; when the has all been predicted, and the preThe world today has become carnal, as

liberties of the people are in danger. dictions are coming true. Antichrist much so now as in the beginning when

It behooves us as members of the Church is gaining power, and Satan has put into Adam attempted to teach his childrento heed the counsels that are given by the hearts of the people—the majority the principles of eternal truth, and

to domiand the desirethose and comwho stand as our leaders under them Satan came among of them—greed,

of those nate and take advantagelesus Christ. it not. to believe them who manded

are weak. forth that time "From And we read, is to keep the duty Our commandcarnal, sensual, and devilbecame of uprightly, Lord, the to walk ments to manish."5:13.) (Moses

of principle truth, to susevery defend tain and uphold the Constitution of Surely we see these indications prevathis great country, to remember the lent in our own land and in foreign

Declaration of Independence, for, as lands. Men have become carnal. They

we heard this morning from our Presihave become enemies to God. They are

dent, upon these principles our country seeking for their own advancement and was based. They stand at the foundanot for the advancement of the kingtion, the cornerstones of the liberty that dom of God.

414 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Lord of the dreadful day great and the great a many have this know, we to attention You call your Let me C. doors,"(D. the at & is even near, that that ponder of the Church all members know, course, of you,fact which

a hundred over that I sure 110:16) am why. wonder hearts their and in over the last days, the living in arethat we this of the end that say later I can years blessed with to be this seems of wickedness, man days trouble, of Whydays

its end. to is drawing world of the things all the several good of wickedness days as of earth—incispoken

hundred years before the.coming of dentally, many of the bad things that The day will come when we will notChrist by Nephi, as it is recorded in the he thinks are good—and yet so many have this world. It will be changed.

twentyseventh chapter of Second members of the Church are struggling, We will get a better world. We will

Nephi. laboring diligently to try to make their get one that is righteous, because when

way through the world. Christ comes, he will cleanse the earth.

I If in the is or last days, thing. a simple the behold, answer But, The scriptures. in is our written what Read

all behold I of do, the while in adays once the sometimes, and said. has himself When he what Read the also Jews, Gentiles—yea,Gentilesin and of thenations baseball or a football to a game go earth this cleanse will he comes, he this land shall upon come those whoboth of place other amuseor some game speaking and, its wickedness, all from lands, other shall upon be those whoand I surrounded will be invariably ment, that he said has he Church, of the earth, of the all lands the evenyea, upon are puffing and who by women men would they angels his and iniquity send with would will drunken be theybehold,

It dirty pipes. cigars or or cigarets is on the which of his kingdom, abominations. of all out gather mannerand

I little get a annoying, gets very and shall shall they offend. that Then come all that day things when And Church,

Sister I to Smith, will turn disturbed. thunof with Hosts, the of Lord visited a earth,be a to have are new going we

great to her, a and with I will something say and earthquake, and withder and will renewed be earth heaven. The new

tempest, with storm, and withnoise, say, you what and "Well, will know now, she shall there years, and thousand for a (II fire. of devouring flame the withand their are in me. taught You have you is, it right Christ, whose peace, and be 27:1-2.)Nephi is that their world."This world. And the will come Afterwards reign. shall

senses. to of sort brings back its me my resurrection, its earth, of the death of hundreds said many was That their are world, in but Yes, do we we rightof the as the abode glorification, Christ. of birth theyears before We it. of to be have not celestial to the belong or they eous who Gentiles of the the in days livingare is their are living this as So, world we dwell shall only they and kingdom, fulfilled. to be prediction this waswhen but, prosper, brethren in, good they my it. of face the upon fulfilled, it must and we being seeWe is sisters, to their coming world and

sisour faithful, keep and brethren true and good be us Letremember, my I It its years. will not be end. many

are of the obligationters, Church every to that true members be covenants, I that. not say do can know how many

to belong of, not do and Inot members pray us. humbly given has Lord the years, said Elijah he bestowed but when

the world. his keys: "... by this ye may know that in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

In the wonderful prayer of our Redeemer, as recorded in the seventeenth chapter of John—I can hardly read

this chapter without tears coming to my eyes—wherein our Lord, in praying to

his Father in the tenderness of all his soul because he knew the hour had come for him to offer himself as a ririt oeiiton FRIDAY MORNING, APRIL 4, 1952 sacrifice, prayed for his disciples. In

that prayer he said,

I pray not that thou shouldest take them out of the world, but that thou shouldest keep them from the evil. They are not of the world, even as I BLESSINGS Through

am not of the world.

Sanctify them through thy truth: thy

word is truth. (John 17:1517.)

If we are living the religion whicli the Lord has revealed and which wehave received, we do not belong to the FAITH world. We should have no part in

all its foolishness. We should not partake of its sins and its errors—errors

of philosophy and errors of doctrine, by Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson

errors in regard to government, or whatthoseever errors may be—we have no OP THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC in it.part

The only part we have is the keeping of the commandments of God. That is

all, being true to every covenant and Thorpe B. Isaacson

every obligation that we have entered greatly touched, all been ourselves. Richards,into upon President and taken We have McKay, President of the words inspired by and brothers blessed, Clark, President his remarks this in my dear Kimball Brother

morning spoke of a man who could not and sisters, and friends: the President of the Church, President

quite understand when he paid his This is always a very difficult assignDavid O. McKay, a prophet of the true

Living God. and overof nearly the for kepttithing Wisdom, which one and me, Word ment

at this will of Spirit be the Lord The tried to prayerful, obedient feel be I and very weakwas do and me, whelms great abundance rich in and all the Lord hadto the commandments I conference Personally, today. very humble and here can assemble if thousands the who struggle to yet he hadgiven him, and beautiful for the grateful very am their toward hearts turned with come his living; neighbor whileto a make at beginthe offered that prayer was heaven. in Father our I day, suppose heviolated Sabbath the always Prayers conference. of the ning in the temple a in meeting Yesterday, the drank; he what had andsmoked

world would call a good time, he paid no give one needed strength. Yes, "Prayer of the General Authorities of the

attention to the teachings of our Lord is the soul's sincere desire, uttered or Church, there was in evidence a beautiand Savior Jesus Christ, and yet he unexpressed."Surely today, prayer is ful and great spirit, one that I quesprospered. my soul's sincere desire. (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1952 415 Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson Continued wouldcould. likeThento theemploystrangeryou;said,we "Weneed

such a man as you. The job isn't in

tion whether anyone can absolutely and out the wards and stakes and see these this community, but we will have our accurately describe or explain. It was beautiful new meetinghouses being company vans move you to the adthe spirit of peace and love and built and to see the enthusiasm and the joining community where we need your

harmony and unity. Yes, that was the contribution of the members of the services. We will furnish you with a

spirit of our Father in heaven. Church. The Lord has truly blessed us. modern house."

I know that there is great love and Sometime ago I was in a ward, and I He was so anxious for that job that harmony and unity among the brethmet the bishopric and their wives. It he hardly knew how to answer him.

ren of the General Authorities of the was not a large ward nor a rich ward. But he put him off for a moment and

Church. No one should ever infer that The people were trying to raise their said, "Let me go into the kitchen and

there is any lack of unity or harmony or portion to build a meetinghouse. They ask my wife how she feels."He went

love or brotherhood in the Church. were having some difficulty. But a in there and told his wife of the visit

I only wish that all of us, one to another, member of the bishopric told us that of this gentleman who, by the way, was could exhibit the same friendly love and he and his wife decided to kill one of not a member of the Church.

unity that we saw said, did in existence and that their cows. not and have many; They back to the man He rushed

yesterday. experiencedwe position. business; dairy in the not they were that consider but "Yes, we will

There is no place in the Church for they killed one of their choicest cows Would you mind telling us the salary?"

of lack or lack of unity; harmony, slaughtered there and the meat had it and hesitated doing "No, I The man said,

is for criticism in the no room Church. cut up. meat They made that to you I wanted know if into that because

agree indinot withYou may sold what those sandwiches sandwiches and job."like the really would

say, or ofviduals do us proand none at basketball funcother games and like it very "Yes, would we He said, fesses to perfect. be grateshall be tions to raise so build they could money We

ful to you if you will come to us and a meetinghouse where they could asmuch."

tell us of our shortcomings. But I am semble and renew their covenants with And the stranger then told him the

sure that you should not criticize those the Lord and worship God, their Eternal salary, it was twice as much, nearly, who serve in your bishoprics and stake Father, according to the dictates of their as he had ever been able to make before presidencies, your auxiliaries and your own consciences. in his life.

I offices. shook they position; statethequorum a remember accepted He I a bear retestimony heard man will little said, that old the grandfatherment hands; and "We my man a of cently time been he had when

I beginning to the retroactive shallonce to me, and that always made make strike for out or three on months; two

it,try to said, "It remember year."he of the when rich a a he large not was he had man;

criticize."does not take brains to much call a that people Well, some may his family; all savings nearly and were

I if shall sure to stop only think we am brother. that good not but coincidence, gone. did job. not have a He Oneof that, will careful be more we when that of the Lord blessing the That was of afternoon brethren Sunday the two

of exhibit disunity. degree anywe faithfulhis of because to came him of his to his house, since ward came

I confess that I have humbly prayed they were trying to finish their meetingness.

to the Lord to forgive me for my shorthouse, and they said to him, "We are These beautiful new meetinghouses comings and imperfections. I have here to collect money to help finish will be a power of strength to the

prayed to him daily to help me when my our meetinghouse."They did not know membership of the Church. There are

call should to stand before you. come sacrifices his in circumstances, and as great they said, "Your things no such

first,I I prayed, in believe because is forty dollars."assessment great rethis There Church. may be

Iprayer, second, because and the need great sponsibilities, come but with them smiled, in the went bedroom, Heblessings of as the of Lord the one will be meetinghouses blessings. These a pulled drawer, out there and was you.weakest among children, your to great and you value a forty dollars, last his dollars. forty He beautiful has music today caused The partake if there and only will go you it if at looked should and wondered he

to in ourselvesus put tune I the with wonder sacrament. Sometimes the of tell in the back go brethren that and

spirit of the Lord, that could come we if really and understand people our it if of half or he pay would now, he trulyhere be strengthened and and sacrament. the of value the appreciate tell off should back go beg and and

faith.built in Yes, faith our in up satisfied with are of wards our Some it that later; part of he them pay would

is requisite for a salvation the of atGod sacrament attendance and 25% 20% to but the then that thought came him us. of Israel, trusteach in Oh, thou beautiful these new, meeting. With his he blessed family and had been

isthe Lord, thy shield! he thy help and be to not ought meetinghouses, we abundantly, forty doltook the and he

of testimony Christ Jesus should beA less attendance satisfied than with 50% lars, his belt, buckled up out went desire ofthe It every individual here. meetings. at sacrament into smiling, the said to room and for necessary be of to us eachmay make if take only parents, would Oh, we I the brethren, "Here, glad two ama right life about in our change own meetsacrament to children go and our to give of forty assessment you my turn our energyand our thoughts and else there If ing! there were nothing dollars."

to our ambitionsand our Heavenly the of those hymns, the singing and but

Father. It may be necessary for a naThey gave him a receipt, not knowprayer, and the beautiful administrational crusade so that we can turn back ing the sacrifice that he had made, tion of the sacrament, we would be

to God, our Father; this may be an imand bade him goodbye. Of course, he abundantly blessed and strengthened,

essential,mediate of he wondered because going to meet how was our apin the assemble house of would if we his bills, drifting, currentparent but as individuals he is a as a and who man of partake holy and day the Lord on his diligently. prays ofnation, course, And, from the teachings of away our covenants our and that the sacrament renew

Father in heaven. night, in his family prayer, he asked with the Lord.

to the Lord the open up where way is fear of the the Lord The beginning of sacrathe partake we And when material things could to so him, comeof great wisdom. good understanding A covenants three with ment, make we that for his provide he family. could all they thathave keep the do comFirst, the with Lord: the covenant we testified that the next He bemorning of Faith inmandments God. our God, will take us the that Lord upon we fore breakfast a stranger his at knocked Father,Eternal his in and Son, Jesus Christ. his of Son, Jesus And name door and introduced to himself him.Christ, the of the Redeemer world, the it will our that endeavor by means we never of They is had heardSavior of other each mankind, essential to every to in our accord be deeds works and

if of us before, are said,one nor to met this he have happiness we but man taken with him, have whose name we of partake blessingsand the of the introduced himself said, "I and have us. Second, cove- a upon make weLord. learned that are you a mechanic. Can that will nant him, remember we

It has been an inspiration to me to you operate one of our machines (and Christ, the Savior of the world, who died travel around the Church and throughnamed it)?"He said he thought he that we might live; to call to our mind

416 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the sacrifice and the suffering, that we of this world. I am grateful for the testiedge his hand because without his help

remember his body, and that we remony that you have given me, and espe- I could have done little or nothing. I

I cially for grateful able to being come am his that for blood shed prophet a that wasmember was Smith Joseph know is this of mission. the This on one many life I eternalus, that into have that might of and he went we God. know

I to will things for, able never pay be you sins. of our remissionthe then that Grove, Sacred And and the God I know

I Dad. seen never such have a change covenant, that to spoke his promise and appeared him, and we Son andwe we I as person a in over come saw you when

will keep the commandments of God, Mother passed away. But I am sure the to him, and I know he received heavenour Eternal Father. change was not in you but in me. I found ly messengers on many occasions. I

Oh, if we could only accept the that you weren't the person I thought you know that President David O. McKay

blessings of the sacrament and partake of were. You had seemed cross with me, is a living prophet of God, a spiritual

it regularly, filling those meetings to sometimes, and I misunderstood it. I don't prophet. I know that these men are

overflowing, I believe we would do betsee now, how I could ever have thought prophets, seers, and revel ators, and serv-

I of different Father. you, any have a Iter. I blessed. of I think true ants the Living God. would be more and we know

for affection great love not you, only and his shortrevealsthink could inspires our overcome we and he them as I that father, as but companion. my my

I successfully willcomings to than them. Sometimes, where more messages I going guess to to get have new am

it is stay for to without weeks weeks us and admit, be away hard as humblewe I glasses, letter this can't write withDad;

the sacrament. Every Latterday Saint out my eyes getting full and blurry with as we might. We do have to make an

should assemble there on the holy day tears. adjustment in our lives, often, so that

and take his children there for the we can be in tune with our Father in sacrament. Yes, boys will be grateful for the faith heaven.

Recently I read a statement by the that we help them maintain, for the May God bless us that we may be

American Legion and its auxiliary, and testimonies that they have. I want to grateful for our membership in this

I thought it was a very worthy aim: bear you my testimony. I know that Church, that we may have his Spirit

"Finding their way back to Almighty God God lives. I know that he has heard always to be with us, I humbly pray,

and his ideals,"and an aim to "attend and answered my prayers. I acknowlin the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Church, not only today, but every Sabbath day.""Yes, parents, it would be well if we would not let a Sunday go by unless we assemble in our houses of worship which have been dedicated to the Lord, and there renew our covenants with our Father inheaven."Tis Not Vain To

Oh, we may have to change our attitude a little bit about the Sabbath day, it holy. really keep haveand We may Serve Theto beautiful again. prayers those read

If we would only read them and follow the prayer in our sacrament meeting, 99

I am sure we would be glad and grateful that we have been in attendance. I hope, fathers, that we can be close LORD

to our sons, yes, that we can help them increase their faith, that their testiby Spencer W. Kimball

be strong.monies There are some may OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

the faith shake of a wouldtoday who boy or girl. There are some who would

tend to destroy, perhaps innocently, Spencer W. Kimball

but there are those who profess to know more than the boy who has faith, and for the Spirit of the Lord to is conceived by God, our Eternal Father.

therefore, as fathers and mothers, we Iprayaccompany my remarks. My brothSometime ago a sister said to me,

should be close to our sons, so that ers and sisters, my heart goes out "Why is it, Brother Kimball, that those no one will get an opportunity to shock to you who are attempting to live the who do the least in the building of the their drive A fatherfaith. just handed me a letter that commandments"strength of the hills"of theis withLord.you. The kingdoma Ford; ourseemneighborsto prosperdrivemost?a WeCadillac.

hishe received from to I want son and It to is a great joy our observe the attend and Sabbath me, and my heart We read it just it to you. received before He is golf, gratitude, hunt, meetings; they play overflowing to shake with fish, and

Christmas. your hands, to look into your smiling play. We abstain from the forbidden

Thanksgiving is just over, Father, and faces, and to feel your spirit. while they eat, drink, and are merry

Christmas will soon be here, and it has We heard this morning that seventeen and are unrestrained. We pay much as

turned my thoughts toward you and my thousand newly converted people are tithing and for other Church donations;

home, but the thing that has been most today enjoying the blessings of the gosthey have their entire large income to in my mind is the gratitude that flows pel of Jesus Christ, are pointed in the lavish upon themselves. We are tied

in my veins for the wonderful family that right direction, and are on their way home with our large family of small

I have at home, and for the teachings that toward eternal life and exaltation. Ten children, often ill; they are totally free

have given Father,you me. Remember, dine and to dance. life—to side you I workedwhen and by woolens, and and I side, thousandaries have foreignbeen instrumentaland stake inmissionbring- Wefor socialwear cottons while working,and constantly you were

giving me advice. I never said very much ing the message to them. These new wear a threeseason coat, but they wear

about the things you told me nor exmembers are here because these thousilks and costly apparel, and she wears a pressed my gratitude which I had for sands have borne witness and testimony mink coat. Our meagre income is alyour companionship. I was more or less to them. ways strained and never seems adequate

hoping that you could tell the way I felt To all the millions of good, honorable for necessities, while their wealth seems by my actions and by my conversation. people who live among us, we extend inexhaustible and wholly adequate for

But I guess, Dad, my actions proved to an invitation to investigate the gospel every luxury obtainable. And yet the

just the opposite sometimes. Butyou now, it is faithful! for to Christ, blessings of the promises Jesus the Lord power

I allFather, to that you want you of know

It to to salvation exaltation. that it does not seems unto pay and God all taught thathave and you done have me

is It It is price. live of the greatest the the pearl proud the and just gospel—thatto me as have taken not been somefor me

thing you owed me. Quite the contrary, the most glorious, the most farreaching, covenant breakers are the ones who

Father. I am so happy that you have the most wonderful program in the prosper."

given me the chance to enjoy the beauties world. It is not conceived by men, but {Continued on following page)

JUNE 1952 AM Then I said to the disconsolate sister,

Spencer W. Kimball Continued "You have many blessings today. For

many rewards you need not wait until

Then I said to her: "As I remember, but at the harvesttime. The time of the judgment day. You have your famJob in his great distress made a statereckoning is as sure as is the passage ily of lovely children. What a rich

ment which parallels yours."of time and the coming of eternity. All reward for the socalled sacrifices! The

live stand eventually shall is yours. who before great of motherhood boon With

But Job answered [Zophar] and said.... of according fill the bar to be judged God limitations, a great can peace your

live, the wicked do become Wherefore their assignments works. to The final other soul. your numerous These and

areold, in yea, power? mighty constitute will punishments rewards and blessings be cannot enjoy you which is sight their established seed in Their

deserts. to according Malachi Read all neighbor's purchased your with their their offspring beforewith them, and

eyes. further: wealth."

Their houses are safe from fear, neither Then I reminded her of the parable feared that the they spake Lord Then ofis the rod of them. the the fishes: upon net God and

to often another: the hearkone Lord and faileth bull not; gendereth, Their and

it, of ened, heard and a book rememand is calf. liketheir casteth calveth of her not Again, and the heaven cow kingdom

for before written brance was them him little like their forth into that net, cast ones a the sea, a send unto and They was flock, and their children dance.... that feared the Lord, and that thought upon gathered of every kind:

name. it full, their in wealth, in his to they days spend and drew Which, was They when

saith the shall be mine, they Lord And to the shore, grave. sat the go gathered and down,a and down moment

hosts, in of that up I make day when vessels, cast the they say into unto Therefore Depart but my good away. God, bad

as spare I will jewels; them, a and man it for desire shall of the the us; at not the world: knowledge end So befrom we

serveth that his him. sparetb son own forth, shall sever theof angels the thy ways. and come

return, between shall ye and discern Then is the should Almighty, What that we righteous the wicked, and betweenserve profit should have, the and what him? him wickedAnd shallfrom castamongthemthe intojust,the furnace of we

fire: there shall be wailing and gnashingif we pray unto him? (Job 21:1, 7-11, 1315.) thatnot. serveth(Mai. 3:1618.)God and him that serveth him of teeth. 13:4750.) (Matt.

And the Prophet Jeremiah asked the For behold, the day cometh, that shall same question: burn as an oven; and all the proud, yea, No one will escape the reward of his

and all that do wickedly, shall be stubble: deeds. No one will fail to receive the

Righteous art thou, O Lord, when I plead and the day that cometh shall burn them blessings earned. Again the parable of

with thee: yet let me talk with thee of thy up, saith the Lord of hosts, that it shall the sheep and goats gives us assurance

judgments: Wherefore doth the way of the leave them neither root nor branch. that there will be total justice.

wicked prosper? wherefore are all they But unto you that fear my name shall

happy that deal very treacherously?... the Sun of righteousness arise with healing When the Son of Man shall come in his

How long shall the land mourn, and the in his wings;... (Ibid., 4:1-2.) glory, and all the holy angels with him,

herbs of every field wither, for the wickedthen shall he sit upon the throne of his ness of them that dwell therein? (Jeremiah The Lord admonishes his servants to glory:

12:1, 4.) remain faithful always and And before him shall be gathered all

nations: and he shall separate them one

for therefore: not what Watch ye know as from another, again Malachi quotes the Lord a shepherd divideth his And

... come. your Lord doth hour goats: sheep from theas saying:

But and if that evil servant shall say in And he shall set the sheep on his right his heart, delayeth coming; Lord My left. the goats hand, but on the stout against have been words Your me, his

his to fellowsball begin smite And shall the say King on Then unto them say,saith Lord. the ye Yet have What

to eat servants, drink with the and and his right blessed hand, ye Come, so against thee? spoken of my muchwe

drunken; inherit Father, for the prepared is It kingdom said, to serve vain and God: Ye have

of lord shall that in a servant come The of the foundation the it world: from is you profit that his keptwhat have we

for looketh in him, he not day when and shall also say the unto he Then them on thatordinance, have and walked mournwe of, is that not hour he aware an left into cursed, hand, me, Depart ye from offully hosts? the before Lord

shall asunder, and appoint cut him And everlasting fire, prepared for the devil and yea, call the proud happy; And we now

his the hypocrites: there portion with his angels: are set yea, him that wickednessthey up; work

thatthey tempt God are even delivered. shall(Matt. be24:42,weeping4851.)and gnashing of teeth. punishment:And these shallbut gothe awayrighteousinto everlastinginto life 3:1315.) (Malachi

eternal. (Ibid., 25:3134, 41, 46.)

the Prophet Zephaniah interprets And parable The of the Lord: of the wheat and tares the way If we can walk now by faith, if weis the Lord's answer:

in rich believe of the promises can it shall at to pass that time, come And.. is if of likened unto heaven wait, patiently kingdom can God, obey and The we I will that search candles with Jerusalem

field: his ina seed which good sowed fulfil man. all will the his rich Lord promfor the [speaking Lord], punish the and

his slept, while But came enemy men ises us: to lees: settled that their are that say on men

tares the wheat,and and sowed among their heart, in will not good, Lord do The his way.went... seen, ear heard, not nor hath Eye evil. will neither do he

the blade up, sprung and was But when into neither entered the heart have of man, their shall Therefore goods a become fruit, tares forth thebrought then appeared the for things prepared hath which God their desolation: booty, houses they a and

also. love that (I Cor. 2:9.) him. them also shall build houses, not inhabit but

of the servants householder the So came shall vineyards, them; plant they but and

Sir, didst said unto him,and not thou sow drink the thereof. not wine blessings righteousness following The field? in seed thy thengood from whence is it is of great the near, Lord day The are in in enjoyed mortality both and it tares?hath greatly, near, of the voice hasteth and even eternity. of Savior: the the words Hear said unto them, done hath enemy An He of the the shall the Lord: day mighty man

this. said servants unto Wilt him, The bitterly. there cry

every forsaken that houses, hath one And that gatherthou then go up? and them we is of of a wrath, a day That day day

sisters, father, or or or brethren, or mother, lest said, gather while But ye he up Nay; distress, trouble of wasteness and a and day for wife, or lands, or children, or name's tares, also root thethe ye my witb wheat up of desolation, gloominess, darkness a and day sake, shall receive hundredfold, an andthem.

... of darkness. thick clouds a day and

life. shall inherit everlasting 19:29.) (Matt. together until harvest: both Let grow the I distress bring will that men, And upon

I of to in harvest the time will sayand like shall blind they because walk men, first reapers,the together Gather the ye great the promises ponder upon And they against have the sinned Lord: and

tares, in bind to bundles burn them and life: this for in their shall as be us dust, even blood out made poured

them: but gather the wheat into my barn. and their flesh as the dung.

(Matt. 13:2430.) Neither their silver nor their gold shall Bring ye all the tithes into the storehouse,

be able to deliver them in the day of the that there may be meat in mine house,

And the interpretation of the parable Lord's wrath; but the whole land shall be and prove me now herewith, saith the

given by the Lord himself makes clear devoured by the fire of his jealousy. (Zeph. Lord of hosts, if I will not open you the

that the books are not balanced daily 1:1215, 1718.) windows of heaven, and pour you out a

418 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA blessing, that there shall not be room enough But seek ye first the kingdom of God, was never to enjoy it again as it was it. receive to his all righteousness; and these and things of tears irretrievably quantity gone. No

I will for rebuke the devourer And your shall be unto you. (Matt. added 6:33.) it regrets bring or could remorse or

sakes, shall destroy he fruits not the and his forgave father back. though Even of neither shall your ground; vine your live those for tomorrow, the To who clothed dined and and him him him fruit cast field, before the her in time the are rewards their beyond conception. kissed give could back him, he not and saith of hosts. the Lord of even though the And blessings some profligate to son that the all had shall call which nations blessed: you And

is are for it future far enjoyment, not shall for ye be dissipated. delightsome land, a other the saith brother But been

better spiritual the to enjoy luxuriesthe Lord of hosts. (Malachi 3:1012.) faithful, loyal, righteous, had been who

of tomorrow, eternity, which rather is an constant, retained his inheritance, and

Extravagant rewards are offered. than to revel in the physical comforts the father reassured him: "All that I

Blessings beyond one's understanding of today? have is thine."

Peace, joy, satisfaction, happiness,will yield come. land will bounteThe realizes the vastness, the one When

contentment, all comeously shall and peace abound. ungrowth, The with the richness, glory of that the "all"which

righteous living of the commandments faithful, proud, and wealthy can never to promises the his Lord bestow upon one delights in all of God. The whoenjoy the sweet savor for of the rewards it faithful, all it costs is worth in pafasting and dispensing to the poor: of the worldly luxuries of today, at the tience, faith, sacrifice, sweat and tears.

is of spirituality, expense living for but of eternity blessings contemplated The [if live the is these you Then moment. commandments] His Retriday coming. this in "all"to bring immortality menshall light forth thy as break the morning, is sure. bution life, everlasting eternal and growth, dithine health shall forth spring speedily:and

us gave Lord the The impressive paraleadership, eternal vine increase, pershall righteousness thy beforeand thee; go

ble of the prodigal son. it This squanderer fection, and with of glory shallthe the thy reward. be Lord all—Godhood.

lived for but life today. his spent all bless He us that call, God May shall thou shah we may the and Lord Then

answer; thou shalt cry, and he shall say, in riotous living. He disregarded the live his commandments more faithfully,

Here I am.... commandments of God. His inheritance more perfectly day by day, I pray in the

... then shall thy light rise in obscurity, was expendable, and he spent it. He name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

and thy darkness be as the noon day:

And the Lord shall guide thee continually, and satisfy thy soul in drought, and make fat thy bones: and thou shalt be like a

watered garden, and like a spring of water, fail 58:8-11.) not. (Isaiah waterswhose

could more one ask? The An Important What

companionship of the Lord, light and knowledge, health and vigor, constantguidance by the Lord as an eternal Decision neverfailing spring. What more could

one desire?

Again rich promises: by Thomas E. McKay

And [they] shall find wisdom and great ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE treasures of knowledge, even hidden treasures;

And shall run and not be weary, and shall walk and not faint. Thomas E. McKay

And I, the Lord, give unto them a promise, shall that the angel destroying pass by President McKay and Counselors, call. He told Mother of this decision. of Israel, as the childrenthem, not and

slay them. Amen. (D. & C. 89:1921.) President Smith, and other General She appreciated that love and consideraAuthorities, and brethren and sistion, of course; but she looked at him

ters: life I in before felt said, Never have "David, and that misyou my go onThink it! Knowledge—testimony

so for the thankful gospel of sion. Christ, Jesus You go now. Lord wants Thespiritual vigor and of strength—physical I for testimony the that and that have not a year now, you from now, and he angel! the destroying fromimmunity

Remember also that here comes proit is true—a great plan of life and salvawill take care of me."My father actection from that more deadly destruction. I have felt very much impressed cepted the call.

tion: this morning with all that has been said, Of course, it was a trial for him to

especially about the gospel, which is the leave, as he left on the nineteenth of

And fear not them which kill the body, great plan of life and salvation as reApril in the spring of 1881, and ten but are not able to kill the soul; but rather vealed to the Prophet Joseph Smith. days later, on the 29th, my sister Annie

fear to destroy is able which both soul him felt the nearness I have born. angel of our four was That made of us—my in hell. 10:28.) (Matt. bodyand especially mother, brother, during the President that time years seven McKay,

President McKay was speaking. Her old; I was five; my sister Jeanette, three;

But the Lord knows the weakness of great faith and courage have had much and that sweet little darling baby, men, and he says in the 58th section to do with his being where he is today. Annie, just born.

of the Doctrine and Covenants: When my father was called on a mis- I am going to take time to refer to

it in sion just this 1881, in incident a was few weeks connection with the

I not; revoke obey and I command men after they buried older that wonderful had two delivered sermon was my

blessing. they receive the notand

It very for a President this hard to was by blow morning McKay is sisters. their hearts: in This say they Then

father, since illustrate at just they great were gospel the the operplan my how for the of Lord, his promises thenot work are not fulfilled. But wo unto such, for age, eleven and nine, where they could ates.

their reward lurketh beneath, and not from be of much help to my mother; and my In order to get a little ready cash to

above. (D. & C. 58:3233.) father was always very kind and consend to my father, my mother planned

siderate of her. It was difficult for for that next winter. We were greatly

The Lord promises again: Father to recover from this loss, and then blessed with good crops—more than the this call came from Box B to go on a sheds would hold of the hay—so we

If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of mission. It worried him. He could stacked the surplus just outside of the

God, that giveth to all men liberally, and not eat or sleep. He loved my mother stables. Instead of selling that hay,

upbraideth not; and it shall be given him. with all his heart, of course; and out Mother decided to take a few cattle

(James 1:5.) of consideration for her and her condifrom others to feed, among them a big

Great shall be their reward and eternal tion, he finally decided that he would yoke of oxen, and the owners were to shall be their glory. (D. & C. 76:6.) ask for a postponement of that mission {Continued on following page)

JUNE 1952 419 David O. answered. The mailman

Thomas. McKay Continued handed him the letter, and as he read,

I glanced up and saw that he was quite pay monthly. In that way she got the Brethren and sisters, it was because agitated. I said, "What is the matter?

money to send to Father. My mother of the decision of that angel mother that Is somebody sick at home?"

chores. did thenever hired a father man. mission, that went and on my We table letter across the the threw He fact she itIn of frightened was then, then, very much a year not went on from said, "Isn't that heck?"disgust in and

cattle, of especiallythe oxen. these But that are set here today. we That word. a stronger used the He worried.she a little was getting She was example.

a good cash payment, and she wanted In 1897 the test came again. There He was deeply concerned for several

to see that they were taken care of. I were four of us, those four that were days. The rest of us were a little worremember one evening after the hired the babies in 1881, were then at the ried. I know my parents were worried,

not they did not interfere; did but they gone, she us took had boys university.man and borrowed had money, We

of that angel mother because write. Butslipped out to the to stack that barn of course, but it all planned. had we

of hay. We had a homemade hay puller David O. and Jeanette had been there who told my father to go on that misof maple, and she would pull the hay two years before, and Father sent us sion, David O. did not turn that call

out of that stack, and David O. would down to get acquainted before they down. God bless the memory of that

put it in his little arms and carry it graduated. They were to graduate and angel mother.

into the oxen. He wasn't afraid. I teach and help pay the debts, and keep God bless this gospel plan, that gives

was. I stood right by Mother, and I my sister, that missionary baby girl, us so many opportunities. May we,

would pull out a little hay. After makand myself in school. Just before school brethren and sisters, live in accordance

ing about five or six trips feeding those closed in June, another letter came from with the gospel, the gospel of the Lord oxen, he put a little extra in his arms Box B. It was forwarded from HuntsJesus Christ, the plan of life and salvaabout the sixth trip. He hurried in and ville to Salt Lake City where we were tion, and from this time on resolve to

then ran out and said, "Come on, living. The girls had already gone to "Do unto others as you would have

Mama, let's run now before they eat school that morning. I was writing a others do unto you,"I pray in the name

that."composition. The doorbell rang, and of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Second Deeiiion. FRIDAY AFTERNOON, APRIL 4, 1952

TO OBEY IS BETTER THAN SACRIFICE

by S. Dihvorth Young

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

S. Dilworth Young

ManyRichardsyearsWardago of I thiswalkedcity to hearinto whichlife onlyhe thatwouldportionwish offoreachhimself,principleand theexpressed.principleEvenof obedience,in the sharpvoluntarilydays at

President Charles W. Penrose dethis people would be disunited and diNauvoo when men did not know whither

liver an address. I have not the least vergent in its views. I do thank my to turn or what to do, President Young

idea about what he intended to speak, Lord that there sits on this stand a did not tell the people they had to but I saw before us the text upon which Prophet of the Lord, who, with his leave. If I remember history correctly,

he did speak. Someone had placed Counselors and the Twelve, are emhe is reported to have said to his

upon the rostrum for the benefit of powered to tell us how as a united body people:

those who, I suppose, needed it—the we are to explain and entertain the "I am going to cross the river andyoungsters of Sunday School age—principles. start west with my family and my

sign which read, "Order is the First Now, the matter of having a principle teams. All those who wish to follow

Law of Heaven."explained is one thing, teaching its apme, do so."

I suspect that Brother Penrose was plication is another thing, but getting Well, the majority wished to follow impatient for the preliminary exercises obedience to it is a third thing. As I him, and the majority did so. We have

to be finished because immediately afterhave gone through my life, I confess never heard what happened to those wards he took the floor and spent the to you folk that I have never been who did not come, except for a very whole evening explaining why order is coerced. The obedience I have chosen few about whom the Church was vitally

not, but that obedience is, the first law of to render to the principles has been concerned. Those who came, who were

heaven. I cannot remember what he entirely my own, and completely volunobedient, did not live to see it, but their

said. I do remember that this was the tary. I have always been able to choose children's children are the faithful of

first time in my life that I had heard whether I would accept the interpretatoday. And those who did not come,

this principle explained thoroughly. tion of the Presidents of the Church where are their children, may I ask?

I recognize the fact that this Church or whether I would figure out my own one never hears of them.

is a Church of revealed principle. From interpretation. I have found that the When the Church moved south at

the Lord come the revelations which interpretation of the Church has had the coming of Johnston's Army, Presiestablish the principles. I should like safety for me. I have found myself dent Young again said: "I am going

to bear my witness that there must be wandering far astray when left to my south. Those who want to come may

an interpreter for the Church of those own devices on things about which the come."Nearly all of them went with

principles. prophet of the Lord has spoken. him, and at Provo when the crisis was

If we had no revel ator to do it for I believe that all of the crises through over, he stood up on a wagon tongue us, each man and each woman would which the Church has passed have been and said to the people:

interpret, explain, and take into his own safely weathered by the application of (Continued on following page) 420 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "I am going back to Salt Lake City. those who are wise will give unqueswith which the Lord may have blessed

Those of you who care to follow may tioning obedience. I did not say unme, to doing what will be announced.

do so."intelligent obedience. I said unques- I think that we have come to a time

I have observed that never do the tioning obedience. now when we are going to see some

prophetic leaders tell the people what I should like to make an application changes. Times are ripe for changes.

rather advise they do but must Prophet is changing. I The saying them of The world today. have been what We

to do. it is wise and expedient what missionary changed the I Smith to a time, the Joseph have come see by now

More recently, in our day, when the newspapers, when we are to have ansystem two or three times in his own welfare program was announced, and nounced this evening, a missionary life. At one time he told the missionthe brethren from this pulpit explained policy. aries to go out two by two. Shortly

those to to assembled they wanted how after they told might go he them now I to confess here people you Now it, position from the work among my at alone. changes Other a time and one I that personally not do know much

file I great rank a deal heard and from I for the changes. have made. been am do. that about more than you Suppose

it certain to people do wanted who I verse of close reading a is by you policy that in May the not with harmony differently. into did not They want I to applies scripture think which me to direchad the thought be you what

it terpret the the brethren way wanted it personally. apply it can you Maybe tion in to go; suppose ought which

it. interpret to It said yourselves. it to Samuel by I on was to detail should embody which

I are they today? Where not do I justified occasion think the which like an see to other done way. some Apre- are positions of in not know. They saying. the plying principle of to obedience

sponsibility, certainly. Those were who I myself, here stand to say and now you

to willing follow the lead voluntarily,... it is great in delight as the here that Lord Hath assembled intention my faith, believing their that leaders with sacrifices, offerings as. in burnt obeying and to as as follow, nearly the will Lord spoke inspiration with from Almighty is of voice the to Behold, the Lord? obey light, give those policies plans and me in are those responsithe God, sacrifice, better whom to hearken than than and regarding missionary that are to work is bility rested. (I fat of the 15:22.) rams. Samuel

So I suppose it must always be. As be announced by my file leaders.

we come to crisis after crisis, as the I shall not want to improve on their There I stand. May we all do likeevents of the world make changes necesideas, but I shall give all my strength, wise, I humbly pray, in the name of

sary in policy, the leaders will speak, and and all my courage, and any talents Christ. Amen.

taught through the priesthood of God;

grow Transforming Power and the Lord is close to them; and they is preached—thein power andgospelfaith; andthat thethegospelLord

Jesus Christ preached, that Peter, James, and John preached—the identical principles.

Of The womenIts powerare beingis effectivechangedtoday.in theirMenlives.and

After a short association with these young people, many of them drop habits that are harmful to them. They have

found a new spirit, a new type of manhood and womanhood. A new power has GOSPEL come into their lives. They just do not

at once realize what it is, but they grow by George Q. Morris in a knowledge of the truth, and they

are converted to the gospel of Jesus

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE Christ. Then they enter into a new life.

George Q. Morris The Bible is a new book to them. Their

homes are new homes to them. Reladear brethren and sisters, I am with the young men and women who tions with the family are new relations,

of this of salvation the Latterday the being here today. with marvels unto power of The I one you God

is spirit thrilled his childrenMylave very thankful for the privilege of have been sent out as missionaries. It is and the world is a new world. to here toin action. the in the and inwith work world see them come of They

structions of this great conference. quite inexperienced and untrained. They day; and through the ministrations of

Having now been released from mishave lived the gospel as children and these young men of the Church, in their sionary work, as has been explained, I youths but have been engrossed with humility and their faith, the heavens wish to express my gratitude to my school and occupations, and other matare opened; and the power of God is

Father in heaven and to my brethren ters that have filled their lives; then manifest for the healing of the sick as

for the privilege I have had of laboring they are suddenly sent into the field to well as for the healing of sick souls in the missionary field. I know of no preach the gospel of Jesus Christ to the and the giving of light to people in darkwork that gives greater joy and satisworld. ness.

faction. Many of them do not know just what I rejoice in their labors. The Lord has

The work has been progressing in the it is. Many of them cannot quote you blessed and prospered them. I have been

Eastern States Mission because of the a scripture, but their hearts are right. standing on the sidelines, but I have

faithfulness of the missionaries and the Most of them have looked forward to a been made a partaker of their blessings,

Saints who are there; to whom I pay mission and are joyous in having come and I thank the Lord for it.

tribute. More branches are being estabinto the missionary field. Being there, Now I am called to a new position.

lished; chapels are being erected; the they get down on their knees and get You know how humble I feel and how

Saints are increasing in their faith and into the scriptures, and they become small I feel. We have a wonderful age

in their understanding of the gospel, and humble and contrite. The Lord takes retirement plan in this Church. I have

in their devotion to it; and they are enhold of them, and in a few weeks they never believed in arbitrary age retirefruitsjoying ment. the of the are in this younger gospel preaching of and the Christ, Jesus Church We grow gospel—joy

peace.happiness in it, hearts gospel. other and Their are as we work age and the retirement are no of taught not They

turned toward us here in this center in men. They are not sent out to be taught plan goes in reverse. The older we get

the west. of men. They are sent out to be taught and the longer we labor in the Church

It has been a great privilege to labor from on high the revealed word of God, {Continued on following page)

JUNE 1952 421 George Q. Morris continued neighborsis water aplentyto the north.in theGreatland streams,of our

filled with water to overflowing, usually, the more there is that we can do. There ples of this Church are my principles. roll into the oceans on both sides of the

is no need for any person in this Church The objectives of this Church are my Dominion, and the problem is how to to have an empty mind, an empty hand, objectives. The welfare of this Church use that water on the dry lands of

or an empty heart. God has provided that is my welfare. Alberta, Saskatchewan, and other

our lives may be full and rich as long I give myself to it with all my heart neighboring provinces, to build the as we live, and as we live the gospel, and pray that God may enable me to Dominion of Canada, now great, into then our lives become glorious, and we do some good in the sacred ministry a greater country.

enter into a fulness of life. unto which he has called me. The commission to which I was ap-

I thank the Lord for the gospel of This is the Church of Jesus Christ, pointed was given the responsibility of

Jesus Christ. With joy and gratitude I the Creator and the Redeemer of the passing on one of the huge projects

go into this new work, and meager as world. The keys of the kingdom of proposed by the country, one that will

my services and ability may be, they God are here in our presence. These redeem and bring into cultivation nearly

will be given with all my heart. I love operate and will operate throughout all half a million acres of land and inthis cause. I have admiration and love the world among all mankind, through volve an expenditure running from

for my brethren under whom I have the Holy Melchizedek Priesthood, which $100,000,000 to $200,000,000. Sometime

been laboring, and with whom I have is always present when the Church of it has to be done, for these dry lands long been associated, more or less. I have Jesus Christ is upon the earth. And when irrigated offer future possibilities

loved them and appreciated them for when this power is not upon the earth of happy homes for thousands of famithe examples they have set me, for the and where this power does not exist lies, not to be overlooked in the process teachings they have given me, for the among men, the Church of Jesus Christ of statesmanship.

kindness they have manifested towards does not exist. It has always been a curious thing to

me. Thank God for the great revelations me, curious is not really the right word,

So, my brethren and sisters, I am key revelations—that point the way for when I reflect upon the history of our

happy to find myself in full accord with us and enlighten us and preserve us. own people, how we were led by the

all that this Church is and all that it May God help us to be true and hand of God, as a people, and were does. Its divine leader, Jesus Christ, is faithful, and devote ourselves with all brought over the deserts and over the

my leader and my Lord. Its leaders on our hearts to this work, I humbly pray mountains to be settled in this country.

this earth are my leaders. The princiin the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. We did not know at that time, and the

world did not know, that onehalf or more of all the land surface of the earth lies under low rainfall. These

vast stretches of land can be reclaimed only by the twin arts of dry farming and irrigation, best of all by irrigation, for dry farming at its very best is only a minor practice to be followed by SYMBOLISM people who live near the cultivated areas. But our people came here and

for the first time in the history of civilization demonstrated that a sucIN cessful manner of community living might be built with the irrigation ditch.

The Lord guiding us took us to a protected home, but not only that, he IRRIGATION made us teachers of the world in these twin arts of successful soil conservation.

by John A. Widtsoe Inoverthisthestate,westfromandwhichare wespreadinghave spreadover

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE John A. Widtsoe the world, has come the birth of modern

irrigation. Most countries which lie

in part under low rainfall have "y dear brethren and sisters: It is speaks from time to time. Therein lies sent agents or representatives here

good to be here. The ancient the path to safety. to find out what we did and how

words of those who dwelt in the Six months ago I was not here bewe did it, and whether they can do itMpresence of the Savior are our words cause, with the approval of the First also. We have a worldwide reputation

today. Presidency, I had accepted an invitain reclaiming desert lands by the use

Six months ago circumstances comtion from the Canadian government to of water. Our work has served humanbined so that I was not here, and I assist in solving some of their problems ity greatly. We have preached the

have felt since a sense of loss, loss of relating to the reclamation of the dry everlasting truths of the gospel by the spiritual power, the spiritual suplands of the Dominion. Canada is much thousands of missionaries, but we have

port and elevation that come to all like the United States, with two seaalso preached by our example here,

Latterday Saints who attend Church boards, one on the Atlantic and the before the great nations of the world, gatherings in the name of the Lord, other on the Pacific, with ample rainhow their resources may be utilized whether in general or stake or ward fall, and a dry section between, in the more fully and more completely and capacity. interior, such as we have here. The how the needs of humanity may be

With you, I have been thrilled to prairie provinces of Canada offer only more fully met.

note that the Church of Jesus Christ is scant and difficult living to those who It has never seemed to me a mere not standing still but, guided by heavattempt to cultivate them because of the chance that the Lord brought us here.

enly forces, is growing and increasing lack of the plentiful rainfall on either There seems to lie in that part of our and becoming mightier in the service coast. So the practice of irrigation has history a distinct evidence of the divine

of God's children here upon earth. With gradually grown in the province of guidance of this people. It may be of

you, too, I enjoyed the spirit of the serAlberta, where many of our people live. interest to us here today, as many of

mon of the man who has been called It has been found that the enlivening you know, that not only did we as a by God to preside over the Church. It power of water used in irrigation inpeople begin to show how a modern,

is well for me, it is well for you, and it creases the crops manyfold, and what civilized group of people could live is well for all in the world to listen to is better, permits a close settlement, and under irrigation, but that here, also, the chosen head of the Church as he in time the building of a state. There beginning in our own Utah State Agri422 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

cultural College at Logan, experiments farmers of Denmark, very common, ordiearth. It required toil. The water

and tests were and are made to place nary people, who accept the gospel from did not flow down these canyon streams this art of irrigation on a scientific, the lips of some humble Mormon misto the farms just by asking it to do so, orderly basis. This is not the place to sionary become so changed by those but men dug and drilled and shoveled

discuss that, perhaps, but we do have enlightening truths of the gospel that and made canals. We have a remarkthe honor of being not only the generathey are not the same people any able illustration of that in one of our

tors of modernday irrigation, but also longer. They have been fertilized, so enterprises in Utah. It was called the

of placing that ancient art on a modern, to speak, by the Spirit of God that Hurricane enterprise. The story of that

scientific basis. flows from eternal truth, just as in has never been told quite fully, but

Some very remarkable things have irrigation the barren, dry soil is fertiit is stirring and thrilling. And to

been discovered from time to time in lized by diverting the stream of water some degree in every enterprise in the this field that are tremendously interestfrom the irrigation ditch onto the thirsty building of this state toil had to be ing. Our farmers are gradually learnland. faced and used. And so to get that

ing more and more about these precious It is a comparison worthy of our spiritual stream that I have been talktruths. The farming people, you know, thought, because we are the bearers of ing about, it must be sought for; it

move slowly. They want to know bethe irrigation message to all the world. must be fought for; it must be labored

fore they do anything, but little by I remember the man who baptized for. It will come, but we must ask

little that which we have garnered and me into the Church, a very common, for it and seek it and labor for it.

gained throughout the years will be ordinary man to begin with, a ropeThen comes that great change—an overused. walker with a jug of beer two or three whelming change. It changes men to

And so a Latterday Saint, working times a day, a glass of whiskey a little a Godlike phase of life and living.

as I had to work last fall in behalf of later, and a cud of tobacco mostly all Well, you know the comparison as a great agricultural, irrigation project, is day long, living a useless, purposeless well as I do. I must not take any more

stirred in his feelings when he looks life, except for three meals a day, and of your time. It is good to be a Latterback upon what the Lord has asked the satisfaction of some of the carnal day Saint. It is good to be here. It

his people to do—to toil, to struggle, appetites. He heard the gospel and is good to hear the words of inspirato compel the desert to yield; and also accepted it. It was good. It was sometion that come from the mouths and

to teach all the world that which the thing he had been longing for. The lives of these inspired men. I am glad

world is hungry to know. man grew in power and stature in the to feel the responsive spirit from the

Well, perhaps that is all I should say Church. As I recall it, he filled five thousands of people who are here and

about my irrigation work and why I or six missions and presided over one who listen over the radio.

was not here in attendance six months of the missions of the Church. He was May we all so live as to have a great

ago. But you know there is a great the same man, with the same arms, measure of the enlivening, spiritual,

symbolism in irrigation. As a lifelong same feet, same body, same mind, but fertilizing stream that comes from God

student of the subject I have always changed because of the Spirit that because of our virtuous lives, our earnbeen impressed by the fact that the dry comes with the acceptance of eternal est actions in seeking after truth. May

desert soil contains nearly all the eletruth. Have not we seen this in our we all be blessed according to our needs.

ments of fertility. All that it needs is own families and friends, in the little Let us determine to cling to our

the enlivening power of a stream of towns in which we live? Have not we heritage here in this land where we

felt soil. our strength that over Suddenly to flow grow mightier ownwater led guiding of were by the power God,

it in for yield, love bein our fellow to love begins and land men,the the of descendants and pioneer our may for it tasks, Is in our all daily so for our love in not powerful. thecomes

sell fathers refuse to their birthright of life? If things lives, accordgoodspiritual question I wonder? you Men

it lest for gold to a of turn pot- "mess or yourself of are question children God, here us our theologying to have who not created under the old idea, but being the responsibility of conducting this contage."May we remember our heritage

literally children of Almighty God, conference, we will all bear witness to it. in this Church of land, of water, and

tain all the elements under the law of But remember, when irrigation began of spiritual power, I pray in the name eternal progression that will lead them in Utah, it was a struggle with the of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

their of likeness Fatherinto the in m this this divine being,heaven. When

being, because in one sense we are all divine, is touched by the power of the

Holy Ghost, the Holy Spirit, the power Political Responsibilitiesthat flows from God, suddenly a man blossoms into a new life, new possibilities arise, new powers develop. As I

have lived in the Church of JesusChrist of Latterday Saints as a member Or Latterday since my very early boyhood, I have come to understand that perhaps the greatest miracle in the gospel of the

Jesus ChristLord that comes to a manis theor transformationa woman who Saints in faith accepts the truth of the gospel, his lives it in thenand who or her by Henry D. Moyle islife. transformation marvelous. That

I have seen it in the mission field, where OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

I first gospel. heard seen the I have it Henry D. Moyle

I at day. see it everyhere home. Every

person has a measure of God's Spirit am very grateful unto my Heavenly to the prayers of my brethren and sisters given to him. We are all in God's Father for the opportunity which is in the Church.

presence through his Holy Spirit. As I mine to meet with you, my brethren I have had a great affection for the

new and greater truths come, as the and sisters, in this great conference and leaders of the Church as far back as understanding of them develops within to partake of the Spirit of the Lord that I can remember. I have always desired

us if we accept and live them, we are is here with us in such rich abundance. of the Lord that he would give me the

transformed from ordinary men into I feel indebted to the Lord for the strength to honor and to sustain those new powers and possibilities. health and strength which is mine, and who presided over me in the priestThe weavers of the midlands in Eng- I am certain that he has blessed me hood with all my heart and soul, and I

land, the coal miners of Wales, the with this health and strength in answer do that today. I am grateful for the

fishermen in Norway, the trudging not only to my own prayers but also (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1952 423 Henry D. Moyle Continued theAccordingpeople, towhichthe lawsI haveand sufferedconstitutionto beof

established, and should be maintained for the rights and protection of all flesh, acleadership of President David O. McKay, mately familiar with those who are according to just and holy principles;

and of President Stephen L Richards tive politically; we ought to be part and That every man may act in doctrine and

and President J. Reuben Clark, Jr. I parcel of them. They should not be principle pertaining to futurity, according

know these men receive from our Father strangers to us. We should see to it to the moral agency which I have given

acevery that be may unto him, manin qualities his inspiration true direction that heaven have and who those men of in the his day for own sinsin of countable positions the are they are called in leadership placed work which upon of to perform for you and for me. I have trust and responsibility in the govjudgment.

it that Therefore, is not right any manthis great affection principles these love fundamental ernment; not alone and

another. one to be in bondage of to Presidencyfor the party should every political the truth apply but of Church

I established this for purpose have And isfor alike. President as Fielding be can Smith and Joseph hope There no

land, of this the hands Constitution by thePresident for of our of the or any Council government, the hope no Twelve this I raised unto of wise up men whom associates to this principle inand government, that Council, which all my the land purpose, redeemed very andand all of the General Authorities. In does not apply. the shedding of blood. {Ibid., 101:7780.) by

fact my affection extends to all of my I think a good place to start is always brethren and sisters. could man No reof us should at home. Each one of as the one that we accept Can

heritage facehave a richer on the of solve in of will ourselves and that we derefaith tenets be of our sacred and this earth than to be really worthy to develop qualities of leadership and of lict in our duties toward our nation?

be numbered among the Latterday honesty and of

Saints. and equity. Weintegrityshould andbe willingof justiceto Theevident.answerThe toApostleme seemsPaul ofto oldbe said,selfThe statistics that we heard read this take these principles, these characterismorning demonstrate the results of great tics, the ability which we thus create For if the trumpet give an uncertain

inspiration and leadership. I say that within ourselves, and give ourselves to sound, who shall prepare himself to the

my affection for my brethren in the the benefit of our city and of our counbattle? (I Cor. 14:8.)

Church creates within me a further ty and of our state and of our nation.

and similar desire that we might have This year there will probably be no We must have leadership in this governmental leaders in our nation and more than fifty percent of the qualified nation whose voice will be clear; whose

in our state and in our counties and in voters in this great nation who will virtue, clarity, and certainty will give our cities of the same calibre. exercise their franchise. The officers us the assurance that the course the

I am always impressed when I read who may be elected in the great elecgovernment pursued under their leaderthe 134th section of the Doctrine and tions to be held this year will be elected ship is right. Then we can put our

Covenants: by minorities and will not represent the whole heart and soul back of our govvote or the will of the majority. You ernment and sustain those who preside

feel toward in government and them are of offenses in two kinds know instibelieve that were governments We those as have do toward even who we of for the benefit oftuted the commission and and man; God world—offensesthere to guide chosen divinely and beenthat for holds their he accountable offenses of omission. men sometimes do ofWe

affairs direct of the the Church. in relationacts to in them, both making things that should do, not and then we

laws and administering them, for the good again, we do not do some things that I hope and pray, my brethren and and safety of society. we should. I hope that Latterday sisters, that we will not feel that poliWe believe that no government can Saints will not permit themselves, tics has become so degraded that we

exist in peace, except such laws are framed politicalwise, to fall into this latter are too good to participate. If any of

and held inviolate as will secure to each category and be classed among those usbelieve politics to be in that kind individual.the free exercise of conscience, who give offense because they fail to of state, we need only to enter into

the right and it politics, our honesty with and go into that they do. control of property, and the do should which I would

of life.protection to truth devotion our our integrity and like exists to if a reason that know

We believe that all governments neceswould justify a Latterday Saint in not and to righteousness, and the standards sarily require civil officers and magistrates exercising his franchise for the party and will be raised. We cannot expect in

ofto the enforce the that laws same; and better a this government country than of his the choice. own man

as will the equity in administersuch law if so are leaders good, and the we is political justified party to conNo justice for sought should beand and up- a good government have we must want it tinue in existence unless clearly states if ofheld the the voice people a repubby us participate leaders. Let our in good it.. principles. thelic, advocates, of will which the the sovereign. or the

in party organizameetings, our mass its platform candidates upon which it believe to just not do mingle We in conventions; our tion meetings, then stand, integrity, then and with when civilreligious influence government, with polls, to the have when we go we may if elected, carry principles and those out is religious society fosteredwhereby one

of vote our our worthy somebody on live to that platform. and that up Except its spiritual proscribed in anotherand

privileges, and the individual rights of its be the case, we as Latterday Saints tickets.

members, as citizens, denied. (D. & C. should not align ourselves to any party, May the Lord bless us to uphold and

134:1-3, 9.) because we do not have the basis upon sustain the great Constitution of this

which we can make an intelligent denation and to maintain ourselves pure

But that does not mean, because we cision. We must know what they stand and unspotted from the sins of the

have within our hearts a deepseated for before we can favor them with our world in all of our undertakings, and religious conviction, that we are at the vote. I do not ask you, my brethren call down the blessings of our Heavenly

same time not qualified to participate and sisters, to go to the polls and just Father upon us and upon our neighbors.

in government. Unless we have faith vote, important as that is; but that This should be a challenge to us as

in God and fear him and keep his when you vote, you vote intelligently members in the Church of Jesus Christ commandments, we can hardly be for those principles and those things and to all our friends and our neighbors worthy to hold high positions in govand those men which will give to you and all people throughout the earth who ernment. The Prophet Joseph has told the kind of government you want, the stand in favor of good government, for

us in this statement through the inkind of environment that you desire righteousness in government; who have

spiration of the Lord that we must have for yourself and for your posterity. and foster the same ideals that are so

I hearts. close to our pray in that to hoperighteous order and righteous have men have received a great of deal We If all bless will are the thus Lord us that togovernment. be a Godwe we

of life concerning the things from fully of accomplish of light the purposes blessingsfearing enjoy the nation our may and peace, then each one of us who has a our Heavenly Father through the revecreation, and be grateful to him day by faith in God must do our duty, take lations which he has given us. We are day for the blessings he bestows upon

our part to accomplish our purpose in told once again in the Doctrine and us, and this I ask humbly in the name government. We should become intiCovenants in the 101st section: of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

424 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA given in ancient times, that is, judging from the meager records which we have.

A patriarchal blessing today, given by PATRIARCHAL an ordained patriarch, should contain a declaration of lineage, that is, the

ises of inheritance shall come, even as Order of the tribe in Israel through which the promassignments of inheritances were given in ancient Israel.

Now we know that some of the inhabitants of the earth are not descendPRIESTHOOD ants of Israel. We know that some of

by Eldred G. Smith the inhabitants of the earth who join

Eldred G. Smith the Church are not direct descendants

PATRIARCH TO THE CHURCH of Israel. It is given to us that the

descendants of Shem and Japheth, sons pray that I shall have your faith of Esau and Jacob, heard him and of Noah, if they receive the gospel, are and prayers, my brothers and sisters, knowing that Jacob was divinely called entitled to the priesthood. Only the

are entitled sons not to the of Cain blessings, I called receive this birthright the position, as has to occupy I while priesthood, in can and you read why kids, sent fetch two the those case with and have him to Jacobbeen who preceded me. And I thank my brethren saying that she would prepare savory the Pearl of Great Price. So all the

who have offered prayers at the beginmeat for her husband such as he loved, descendants of Shem and Japheth, as ning of these meetings in behalf of all for she knew how to prepare it. And they accept of the gospel of Jesus Christ,

who have to talk to you, that the Spirit thus Rebekah assisted Jacob to receive are entitled to the blessings of Israel, of the Lord will be with us. the blessings of birthright. because that was the promise given to

all that the through Abraham, him I twelve blessed his for sons grateful truly blessvery the and Jacob am of families earth blessed. the should be blessing to suited of a blessingsings gave each the the Lord, that them

so, these as blessings patriarchal And protheir I rewards individual personally. to andhave come me am grateis are given, there given a declaration forful to that promises should blessings the nounced come have which come

of lineage, for or assignment; a pure an blessthisto as a special received them, a group, people individually Joseph

joins the becomes Church who interested are ing I in Gentile collectively. as gratefulas well most which we am

of of the seed adoption by Abraham arefor his descendants, the privilege because the age, in this we

Israel. of 12:3; Abr. (Gen. and 2:11.) is us, of part blessings of the the most and a choice choice dispenwhich ofage—aliving people the earth have on who We for this line, gospelsation. through have come

Israel, are of descendants not know we Senior, Smith, de- a true Joseph was It for desire inherent seems it is an in of yet of the acceptance gospel the through the scendant, younger Ephraim,all of faithful the of children to God entitled are Christ to Jesus they the son of Joseph.receive a blessing from him. It has Israel, blessings of the through and

been so since the very beginning. Adam You know the story of how Jacob power of inspiration the patriarch will

called upon God and received blessings; blessed Ephraim and Manasseh, how assign them to Israel.

and then in his turn he called all of he crossed his hands and gave them It is required that patriarchal bless- a blessinghis and gave unto them righteous descendants together at each ings be in records. recorded the Church

promises. of blessings The history and blessedAdamondi-Ahman them; blessing of the usually is The body

and they, in turn, blessed him. meager from then until now. In the tains sacred promises for comfortconor

Noah, in his turn, received the blessBook of Mormon we are given the for counsel or warning, according to ings of the Lord, and then after the information, definitely, which declares certain possibilities of blessings. All

waters of the flood had receded and he that a descendant of Joseph should be is predicated upon obedience to divine last days. in these the (See up forth from the ark, he blessed raisedcame II laws closing of and faithfulness. The

It 3:1415.) has been Nephi madehis children. a blessing is the sacred sealing of the

that Senior, Smith, Joseph known was Melchizedek Holy Priesthood. his turn, blessin received Abraham, The that descendant, received the he and

it blessing all pronounced, with conings the others. blessed from Lord and of blessings Ephraim. tains, serve as should a comfort are receiving of benefits and the todayWe I this age, in think day and and Then life guide through faithaccording to great blessingsthe given to which were

if records our complete, were more we is fulness forever sealed and the in of fulfilment the upon promisesAbraham find similar probably would something conditions of faithfulness to the lawsgiven to him.

of with times, those the ancient Lord of includes God, the which of laws Lot, departing As with was Abraham tells in the us Doctrine and Covenants nature. Patriarchal blessings been have saidthe to Lord him: that of a source guidance to comfort and

And I will bless them that bless thee, It is the duty of the Twelve, in all large tens of thousands of members of the and curse him that curseth thee: and in branches of the church, to ordain evangeliChurch. Their faith has been quickthee shall all families of the earth be cal ministers, as they shall be designated ened and strengthened through them.

blessed. (Gen. 12:3.) unto them by revelation. (D. & C. 107:39.) An example of what a patriarchal

blessing can do came to me in a story

And today we are realizing the fulThus today we have more than one which I have repeated many times, filment of that promise, for all the patriarch; we have one or more in each which a woman told me. As a young

families of the earth are receiving the of the stakes of the Church; and they woman she lived in a small town.

blessings of the Lord, through Abraham, are represented in the group here on When she finished high school, there more than they have ever done before. my right. We always have a section was no further opportunity to continue

Isaac, in his turn, also pronounced here reserved for the stake patriarchs. her education; there was no further opthe blessings of the Lord upon his They are outstanding, faithful members portunity to get work so that she could

descendants. There is the very interof the Church, who have been given be independent; so she came to Salt

esting story of the blessing of Jacob and the responsibility of blessing the people Lake City where she found herself a

Esau. When Isaac was old, he felt the in their stakes, blessing those who dejob. As time came for registration at

need to give his sons blessings. He called sire blessings. And just as it was in the university, she became very anxious

Esau, telling him to go out and kill and ancient times—today, too, the Lord's to go to school again, and knowing that

prepare venison for him. He said "... people desire his blessings. And as a there was not a possibility, under

make me savoury meat, such as I love, Church we have the priesthood and present conditions, she felt quite disand bring it to me, that I may eat; the authority through which these blessheartened. She went to the patriarch

that my soul may bless thee before I ings may be given. These blessings and received her patriarchal blessing,

die."{Ibid., 27:4.) And Rebekah, mother given today are more formal than those {Continued on following page)

JUNE 1952 425 been looking around the audience to

Eldred G. Smith Continued find the father and not seeing him was

and in the blessing he promised her they have been raised from the grip of under necessity to appoint someone else.

that she should receive a good education. death by means of administration But the father spoke up and said, "I

She was elated, and she went out of through the priesthood. It is the right will bless the child,"and he did. That

the office feeling very happy. Before and privilege of every baptized member was correct.

she had gone half a block, she said, of the Church to receive a patriarchal Bishops should not only invite a she fell to earth out of her cloud with blessing. In the past many received father to administer to his own family

a realization that going to college cost more than one blessing. This practice but should also seek permission before

money, and she did not have any, nor has been discontinued. After a person substituting for the father. Naturally,

the means to get it. The opportunity has received a patriarchal blessing if a child is going to a meeting, say

and possibility of going to college at through an ordained patriarch, in which for instance, a young man is going to a present did not seem to be at all possible, his lineage is declared, he is in possesmeeting where he is to be ordained a which made her very downhearted again. sion of his patriarchal blessing, and to deacon, and the family knows that he

And the thought came to her to go repeat the lineage is superfluous. We is to be ordained a deacon, the bishopvisit her aunt, who was living in Salt are asked, what about additional blessshould invite the father, if he is a.

Lake City. Without stopping to anaings? These additional blessings need faithful man, to ordain his son. The

lyze that impression she turned, and not be given by an ordained patriarch. bishop is the father of the ward. It is

instead of going back to work, she Through the patriarchal order of the his duty to be the father of those families went to visit her aunt and told her priesthood it is the right and duty of who do not have fathers in their own aunt of her experience, cried on her a father to minister unto his own indihomes or where fathers do not exercise shoulder, and her aunt said to her, "I vidual family. That is, the father in their priesthood; and it is the right of

know an elderly woman who lives the home has a perfect right or duty to the bishop to ordain or to appoint somedown the street a few blocks. She has bless his children. That is, if the one to ordain boys in these families. It

at various times helped young girls get father holds the priesthood which is a courtesy for the bishop to invite a through college in return for the help authorizes him to do so, he may bless father to ordain his own son.

the girls can give to her. I do not know his own children, and also baptize them, An ordained stake patriarch has the

whether she has help now or not, but,"and confirm them, with full consent privilege, by the same token, of blessshe said, "this woman knows who I and appointment from the duly authoring his own family, wherever they are.

am. Go down and see her and tell ized officers in charge. He is also the father or patriarch for

her I sent you."I was at a fast and testimony meeting the other families in his stake who do

She went on the run to this elderly one day, and the bishop received a not have a father who is an ordained woman's home, and within two weeks baby in his arms, from a woman in patriarch. A stake patriarch, then, is

from the time she received her patrithe congregation, and as he did so, he a stake officer, and he does not have archal blessing, she registered at the looked around the room. Finally he authority to officiate outside of his

University of Utah, signed a promissory said hesitatingly, "This is the child of stake, only as he may give blessings to note to pay for her education, and Brother and Sister Brown."After paushis immediate family. Those who need

eventually paid for it. She said if she ing a minute he said, "Brother Jones or desire additional blessings may rehad stopped to question the first imwill bless the child."A man who was ceive a blessing from any elder in the

pression she got to go visit her aunt, standing in'the group of officiators Church but not to be recorded.

she would have said to herself, "Why spoke up and said, "No, Bishop, that is I have an example in my mind, and should I go visit my aunt and tell her my child, I will bless him."And so the there are many families in the Church

my troubles? I came to Salt Lake City bishop recognized the father. He had that do likewise, where the father

to be independent; why not be indeblesses the children when they are

help with cannotpendent? She me my

oftroubles; her she own. has enough *-> * named;are of age;he hebaptizesconfirmsthemthemwhenandtheyorShe doesn't have space in her home to dains them to the various offices of

sleep let me helpnor me. there,Whylet aloneneed boardI go andme, GRAPEVINE SWING theto bepriesthoodso ordained,as theybut growalwaysin withpositionthe

bother my aunt?"But she did not stop By Ethel Peak consent and approval of the bishop.

to analyze that impression; she acted When children start out to a higher

result she As aon it. met the woman AY

of rethe opportunity her gavewho "* youngbook is Robertopen to Frostthe poem,climbs"Birches";up a schoolhome toof golearning,on a mission,when theywhen leavethey

ceiving her education. smooth white tree, leave home to go into the service, and

at of their time marriage, the father a first, I feet as he swings and remember can Similarly, experiences have many his children bless the place and may the pleasures decisions. to playtime in brought people makingcome own my

blessings his record, in rightly, family to me.I myself experiences have had many

for of benefit family, the the the and of blessings,of festooned with patriarchal giving a grove oaks Mine and was spirit reflects family of the blessthose grapevines, afterwards individual thethen would ings. effect to grapevines, that wild the tough he and hadcomment now twisted—

blessings the of the Lord Now, may trapeze his and up whatmade knew mind course to follow. Often I ask whether that hung in loops inviting my young be with all of us and help us to magnify

individuals have any particular problem fingers our callings in the priesthood. The

or worry. Just recently, a young to grasp and climb and swing out with the Lord has told us in the Doctrine and

woman said, "Well, Tom is combreeze. Covenants, section 84, verse 33,

I I feel rein a few the months, catch breath again anding home on the am is faithful the obtaining unto For whoso bound, to forgoing him, wait then and we

I these priesthoods of which have twowill in the get temple."elastic married She height; treetop the long from sway the spoken, calling, their and magnifying

said another young man had been want- I see the stains of grapes on laughing are sanctified by the Spirit unto the reing her to marry him, but she said, faces newing of their bodies.

"That would not be a marriage in the beguiling hours of innocent delight.

temple; I am going to wait for Tom."Years are erased by happy memories And if you will continue reading in

Many times these experiences come to flowing section eightyfour, the next few verses, patriarchs. out where the luminous fields of childhood you will get more instructions regarding

Many men and women have been shine. that priesthood.

given courage to carry on, in battle and While Robert Frost enjoys his bending Brethren, magnify the callings of your at home, in positions of responsibility birches, priesthood, and the strength of the Lord in Church work, and even the will to my mind; swings backward on a wild will be with us all, which I pray in the

live in times of sickness through which grapevine. name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

426 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. Jhlrd *2>eiiion SATURDAY MORNING, APRIL 5, 1952

not hear the voice of the Lord, neither the voice of his servants, neither give heed to the words of the prophets and apostles,

ordistrayed from mine have For they everlasting, broken Perfection Through shallnances,be cut off from among the people;. have mine and

covenant; They seek not the Lord to establish his righteousness, but every man walketh in Obedience his own way, and after the image of his own God, whose image is in the likeness by Delbert Leon Stapley of the world, and whose substance is that of an idol, which waxeth old and shall

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE whichperish inshallBabylon,fall. {Ibid.,even Babylon1:1416.) the great,,

Delbert L. Stapley

Every person who goes contrary to the Church and says that the brethren sincerely ask for an interest in your matters. Safety is in following divinely are fallen or are out of the way or are

faith and prayers, my brothers and appointed leadership and counsel. The teaching false doctrines, unless he rein this life eternity will or pents never leaders of these stem powers part and of the rights hope thatI sisters, and possirealize his of the full measure himself, can each Savior and pertaining prayer from the dedicatoryTabernacle

to the speakers, may also be enjoyed trace his priesthood and authority bilities and powers. God will not suffer

by me. through an unbroken chain to this dihis Church, established for the last time

An important duty of the Church of vine source. in this the Dispensation of the Fulness

of all of things a restitution Times when is to Saints of Latterday ChristJesus of this authority power and The keys is led accomplished, to be to be by a full the to attain assist its members of the president center in the High measure of their possibilities and powers. Priesthood of the Church. It is not fallen prophet, or by someone whom he

does want. not strength to the great give wouldThis represent to so other to given any man

letter Prophet Smith, in a Joseph The happiness joy bring and and earth.Church the Lord here The upon God

to Phelps, William Section quoted W. of the Church.to the membership to his follow unite expects people and

of eightyfive the Doctrine and Covethis permit leadership not and of created under God, and daughters sons As nants, and, the miscommenting upon tossed to those about themselves be by possessing, likeness, his and in image of sion the strong, one mighty and or fault claim find would characteristics his would imperfectly, who however said: contrary teach to revelation nevertheless and what attributes, should weand

prophets. his chosen revealed to ourselves has to perfect inspired and Godbe Brother William, Now

Saints Latterday need therefore The like him.become The duty is true, to be said how careful menif whatoughtI tohavebe

of each of us is to develop and prepare careful that they do not become perwhat they do in the last days, lest they ourselves to become worthy children of suaded to false ideas and teachers. There are cut short in their expectations and

an Eternal Father. are some among us who seize upon one they that think they stand, should fall,

The Church provides every opporor more appealing principle, truth, or because they keep not the Lord's comtunity for us to use our Godgiven law, then twist it to their own desire mandments.

talents, gifts, and powers. However, or profit until they become allconsum-

In Deseret The News of November are not with them. ing obsessions They to authority learn obedience mustwe

13, President 1905, Joseph F. Smith and these or content views to hold of satisfied all the commandments to keepand

God. to themselves, but with Satan's enhis Counselors, commenting on this

The Prophet Joseph said of the couragement, desire to entice others to statement, said:

folthinking; of they seek temptations suffered but their waySavior, that he

other Perhaps passage no in the revelathose persuade not only lowers Paul, and to them. who heedgave And no tions of this the in Lord dispensation has

unfaithful, are but also saints said that and weak the to manywriting Hebrew rise to given so as this speculation much in all points he was tempted as we of the faithful are deceived. Somehow one... the Church of Christ and of the

are, yet without sin. The Savior perthey forget or fail to understand that Saints is completely organized, and that

fected himself through obedience and this Church is not built upon one when the man who shall be called upon by obedience became the author of principle, or one law, or one truth, but to divide unto the Saints their inheritances eternal salvation. the true gospel is built upon many comes, he will be designated by the inspiraof tion the to the Lord authorities proper truths, principles, laws complete willingand a part our be There must on

of the Church, appointed sustained and is to obedience all acceptance faithresponsibility in and which to acceptness to according the order for provided the joy, give necessary to it us happiness, possible devotion;fulness makes and of government the Church.

glory. satisfaction, eternal of and heritage divine our attainmentthe

as long that So in remains Church the alleof these people pledge blessings. Manyand have assurance the we from earth—and to yet sepagiance the they Church, Prophet to said the Joseph Lord The it that will Lord in the remain earth

rate themselves meetings from ChurchSmith: Saints for look need nothing

others to encourage do and likeforever—theof God's appointing that will erratic be

... men should be anxiously engaged in a wise. follow or become irregular, them Those who or that of starting smacks

good cause and do many things of their children of evil, lose their faith and over afresh, or that would ignore or overown free will, and bring to pass much testimony, and the history of such folthrow the established order of things. The

righteousness; Saints should that livremember are they repent, lowers is that if they do not

is in them, the wherein power For ing in of the dispensation the fulness of are the from excommunicated themselves. are agents untothey And they is times the established Church when in the Church. shall they as goodinasmuch do men last for earth the last for the days and time

in nowise lose their reward. (D. & C. Satan is employing every method to and that God's Church is a Church of

58:2728.) deceive not only nonmembers of the order or law, and that there is no place

Church, but also particularly those who for anarchy in it.

The right of free agency and choice are members. Each of us must be carebelongs to all of us, but God holds us ful that we are not out of harmony, that And then in Gospel Doctrine, Presiaccountable for our individual acts. we enjoy daily the guidance of the dent Joseph F. Smith says:

The Lord has placed Prophets, Apostles, Holy Spirit of God in our lives.

and teachers in his Church to interpret The Lord has said, If any man in that position [speaking of and point the way for his people and the one who holds the keys of the high all the world in spiritual and temporal. '.. the day cometh that they who will (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1952 427 Delbert leon Stapley Continued toSatandeceiveis everand alertto leadto thehis peopleopportunitiesof this

Church astray, for he knows the power ofpriesthood the Church] should last at shall become be the saved in we kingdom its this of destiny purpose Church, and unfaithful would remove of out (II of God him 28:8.) God. Nephi all in earth, will the that do he and I place. testifyhis in of the Israel's name

see to that he does the not work can that will suffer he not the ofGod head we, sisters, brothers Do and want my prosper.the Church, to has he chosen stand whom to to belong of that kind or Church

at to head, the transgress his laws sisters, brothers Therefore, and and my accept those teach that of kind whoapostatize; the should take he a moment faithful, to to supbe need need we we Is is doctrine? there satishope, there that it,course in lead would to time God leaders. port to our go when And we faction in following such teachings? takewould away. him Because to Why? for our stake presidents bishops our and Surely justice. not would God robsuffer a wicked to that posioccupy man

it, let counsel, for will us accept God his Those break suffer laws who must it totion allow, be would as were, the prosper as the follow us leadership we for the penaltyfountain to law. broken corrupted, is be Lord, which someThe

thing he will never permit. (Gospel Docwe are told, does not look upon sin of those appointed to preside over us.

trine, pp. 4445.) with the least degree of allowance. If If we attain, therefore, the full measure

possibilities our and powers, must we cannot, can God justify ourof we—and

all obey follow leadership keep and and The Prophet Joseph Smith made this selves for or others such doings?

important statement: The Lord said to the Prophet in the commandments of God. If we can

spirit us the of with gospel, the Section 132 of the Doctrine and Covekeep

I will give one of the you Keys is it light truth, which will and then of the nants:

It ismysteries of the Kingdom. an eternal difficult for not be too to us obey and

principle, existed that has with from God all will For blessing a have who at follow leadership the that my has God all eternity: rises That to up who man shall hands abide the law apwhich was called direct appointed to and his peoothers, finding faultcondemn with the for pointed blessing, that the condiand ple.

that sayingChurch, are of they out the thereof, tions as instituted were before from us, whileway, he himself assuredly, that thatknow is manrighteous,is on thenthe the132:5.)foundation of the world. (D. & C. giveMayus ourthe Heavenlystrength thatFatherwe blessrequire,

high road to apostasy; and if he does not keep us true to the faith and faithful

repent, will apostatize, as God lives. (D.H.C. And those who fail to obey set themin our responsibilities, I humbly pray,

In Section 121 of the Doctrine and Covenants, the Lord said to the

Prophet, Cursed are all those that shall lift up The Glory of the heel against mine anointed, saith the

Lord, and cry they have sinned when they have not sinned before me, saith the Lord, but have done that which was meet in mine eyes, and which I commanded them. But those who cry transgression do it TEACHING

because they are the servants of sin, and are childrenthe of disobedience themselves. by Levi Edgar Young C. 121:1617.)(D. &

I testify to you, my brothers and PRESIDENT OP THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY sisters, that your leaders are doing that Levi Edgar Young which is meet in the eyes of God. They

may have their faults and their failings, but when it comes to devotion to n the thirteenth chapter of First majesty, whom we serve in all humility, their high calling in this Church and Nephi, we have the words of the we give unto Thy Holy protection this new kingdom, there is no question but what I Prophet who writes: part of the world. (Quoted by Washington

they are doing ail within their power Irving in his Life of Columbus) to set forward the interests of the And I looked and beheld a man among

Church, and the interests of the people the Gentiles, who was separated from the We are told that Edward Winslow, of the Church. And this leadership, seed of my brethren by the many waters; the third signer of the Mayflower Commy brothers and sisters, must stand firm, and I beheld the Spirit of God that it came pact, recorded the following parting

and teach all truths, and all principles down and wrought upon the man; and he words of Pastor Robinson, as the Piland all laws that God has revealed. went forth upon the many waters, even grim fathers left the shores of Holland

God has not given to man the authority unto the seed of my brethren, who were on their long journey into the unto change eternal truths, principles, or in the promised land. known West. He said:

laws. If people are honest, and surely And it came to pass that I beheld the

no person can be honest unless he Spirit of God, that it wrought upon other Brethren, we are now quickly to part keeps the commandments of God, they Gentiles; and they went forth out of capfrom one another, and whether I may ever

will expect their leaders without equivotivity, upon the many waters.... live to see your face, on earth any more,

cation to defend and teach the comAnd it came to pass that I, Nephi, beheld the God of Heaven only knows; but whether

mandments of God as revealed; otherthat the Gentiles who had gone forth out the Lord hath appointed that or not, I

wise they would not accept them as of captivity did humble themselves before charge you before God and His blessed leaders; they would not follow them; the Lord; and the power of the Lord was angels that you follow me no farther than

they would not respect them, for such with them. (1 Nephi 13:1112, 16.) you have seen me follow the Lord Jesus

vacillating leadership would not be acChrist. If God reveal anything to you, by

ceptable to the body of the Church. I have always recalled with joy in any other instrument of his, be as ready

There are those who might say: reading these words that they referred to receive it as ever you were to receive

to Christopher Columbus and the Piltruth, by my ministry; for I am fully per-

. drink, nevertheless, Eat, be merry; and I suaded, confident, very fathers. that the stepped grim Lord am Columbus When

justify in committingfear he will a..God, has truth yet forth to break of more out land this western in 1492, he utupon

little, lielittle sin; take yea, a advantage his holy word. prayer: tered these in words dig of his becauseof words, a pit for one

thy neighbor; there is no harm in this;

and do all these things, for tomorrow we O God, our Father, eternal and omnipColumbus was inspired and led by die; and if it so be that we are guilty, otent, creator of heaven and earth and the power of God to these shores of

God will beat us with a few stripes, and sea, we glorify Thy Holy name, praise Thy America, and the Pilgrim fathers and 428 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA others likewise, for we believe that the that it flourishes on character, and withlive his laws, they must worship in his time had come for the American Inout character it lacks any strength. There ways."(See Ex. 18:20.)

dians to be found, for they are the must be character and goodness as its Man needs a long vision in life that is its real he may fulfil a pattern of eternal proremnants of Joseph. It is interesting chief obligation—goodness

to note that many of the early adherents power. True affection in those taught gression and salvation although the

to the gospel of Jesus Christ, as received and in those who are teachers must strains and tenseness of daily living in the early part of the nineteenth cennever be wanting. In all good teachfavor short sight. Perhaps both are

tury, were descendants of the old Puriing there are things that survive, and necessary, but the one should not crowd tan stock who came from England. Such have survived, strong and unshaken, out the other more realistic and basic

men were the Prophet Joseph Smith, from the earliest times. The master one. The man who is trying earnestly

Brigham Young, and many others of Teacher who lived two thousand years and with all his strength to catch sight that early day. And thus began the ago said love is the foundation on which of the vision of a better world, and to

great work of occupying the whole counto build all growth, all progress, all incorporate what he can see in the life try of America by different peoples of faith—love of God, love of neighbor. of himself and his society, helps us to

the world. We have become a rich Teaching is an art, and an art has do what we could not do without his

and powerful nation, potentially the to be learned. Our missionaries must help. We can raise ourselves on the

richest and the most powerful upon the be taught better how to teach the gosshoulders of those who have walked on earth. pel. Our seventies at home must be higher levels. There is a profound wisAs President Richards spoke about the taught how to teach the gospel, redom in the saying, "Let us now praise

building of this Tabernacle in which membering always that we can teach famous men."This is what is meant by

we are worshiping God, I recalled that only that which we know. We are the warning of the prophets, "Lift up

it is just one hundred years ago that admonished to seek, to knock, to ask, your hearts."Learn of the greatness and

President Brigham Young stood before to search diligently with faith ungoodness of prophets and leaders in the two thousand people and more who wavering, and we shall be rewarded. trying to follow their teachings.

had assembled for the same reason We are told by the Prophet Joseph Religion holds up to us all the noblest that you and I have done, to worship Smith to "Seek ye out of the best books examples of living. Disraeli said, "NurGod and Jesus Christ our Redeemer. words of wisdom."(D. & C. 88:118.) ture your minds with great thoughts: To

They had a Tabernacle which had just If our schools and colleges teach the believe in the heroic makes heroes."

been built of adobes and could seat things that are really important, the Read the Bible to get not only great two thousand people. The seats were mind is required to do hard work, to truths of living but also great feeling

mostly of logs, although a few chairs attack a difficult problem and think to and enlarged vision. Read it to get the

had been made for the brethren who a correct answer. One of our welldepths of life. Make it your companion

sat in front. People came from all parts known writers has said, through life so that you may not live

of the territory, some by ox team and in only on the surface, but on permanent wagons drawn by horses. Many of them There are only a very few youthful years effect. Do likewise with the Book of

walked long distances to attend the in every human life when the mind is Mormon, the Doctrine and Covenants, conference. At the close of the last fresh and plastic, and the memory able to and the Pearl of Great Price. Religion

meeting on Sunday afternoon President retain. These years should be used to is the greatest instrument for raising us

Young arose and announced that he teach the best and most beautiful things to the best of the highest life.

had called approximately one hundred man can know—power over language, a We have had great teachers in our

of the brethren to go on missions to mastery of pure science, exposure to great day. I think of one: Dr. Karl G.

different parts of the world. The naliterature and art, a basic knowledge of Maeser, who came to America from

tions mentioned were those of Europe, history, philosophy, and religion. No matGermany as a convert to the Church,

and China, India, Persia, and Siam in ter what a young man or woman does to and who was for many years a teacher

Asia, and then the Islands of the Pacific. earn his living, his education will have in Brigham Young University in the

One cannot conceive what this meant been worthless unless he has learned to early days of that institution. It is only

in those days when the missionaries know and to use the firstrate in whatever recently that Dr. Joel Francis Paschal

walked to the Pacific Coast to take a line he pursues—and also learned to love it. of Princeton University has written the

boat to the countries of the Pacific. Life of Justice George Sutherland, who

Then think of the long journey by way It is in the realm of religion that most first was elected congressman and then of the Atlantic Ocean as they set out of us teach. We want our children senator from the state of Utah. Dr.

for India, Siam, and Persia. The histo know the gospel, and to live it to Paschal tells about the influence that

tory of these men will be written some the very best of their ability. We want Dr. Maeser had on the life of Senator

day by a master historian, and the righteousness to be made practical in Sutherland, and says:

at will their standworld courlife. amazed direct to of every phase hope We reach to Maeser's Dr. knowledge seemed faith in of age the and God. life Many of our into a pattern that youth

field. limits; into there course every were Of of journals those missionaries is have been eternal, firm sure a founded on and

but during revealed to not they were me preserved. President Lorenzo was belief Snow faith the of teachings in the and

at the course he was Academy. That my Italy, already in President and of Savior, of John the prophets old and and

I the scholar accomplished from an knew president theTaylor of French Miswas gospel. the restored aim and new Our

first. of his so the extent learning But sion. during have heard conthe is forchildren to to carry our teach We

before that as time vision grew on went my ference of subject about teachthe much of the purposes In doing ward God.

of constant amazeemotion one was my ing the missionaries experienced, which this follow Section in the 4 words we

I I think there ment. days were when I in a words, like to few should and of the Covenants., Doctrine and

if that the taken would have oath my a the thought concerning add teaching

Stone neverfound, never been had of the to of gospel the the world. people of Rosetta that service ye in the embark...

theless easily revealed the could he have all see serve that your It with God, ye him has said different in been many of hieroglyphics. the Egyptian meaning He heart, strength. might, (D. G. mind, and lies & that "In children our the ways spoke accent; his mastery a decided with but

4:2.) If future this, world."believe of our we literaof the of language, English English

then the of our education and we do, children deserves foremost careful our We must begin to teach our children wasture, superb.and of the English way of thought,

attention. Every father and mother, while they are very young, for it is

every mature person in our land should written, "The things that thou hast not Maeser's influence was not merely be profoundly interested in the educagathered in thy youth, how shalt thou that of an instructor. Says Sutherland,

tion of our youth. Our honored Presifind them in thy old age?"

dent, David O. McKay, has during the And Jethro counseled, "And thou He was a man of such transparent and

last year given to us and our nation shalt teach them the way wherein they natural goodness that his students gained more than one great talk on the aims must walk, and the work that they must not only knowledge, but character which and ideals and the farreaching imdo. They must be patiently, gradually is better than knowledge.

portance of education. He has told us taught. Being God's people, they must (Concluded on page 461)

JUNE 1952 429 When Christ repeatedly referred to himself as the Son of Man, he was certifying that Man of Holiness, God the Eternal Father, was his Father, and he had no reference to his mortality, his birth as the son of Mary.

"THIS IS pelAllhaveof uspowerwho givenhave usreceivedto becomethe gosthe sons of God. We can do that by faith.

And Paul says those that become, by adoption, sons of God are joint heirs LIFE ETERNAL"with Jesus Christ, entitled thereby to receive, inherit, and possess, as Christ has inherited before. The Apostle John,

by Bruce R. McConkie beloved disciple of the Lord, wrote these

words: OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

Bruce R. McConkie Behold, what manner of love the Father

hath bestowed upon us, that we should be called the sons of God: therefore the world

knoweth us not, because it knew him not.

Spirit of the Lord, lation, revealed the without that has believe God And now note particularly what he conclaves conventions in sat that and again in himself our day down menWe life to says: eternal attempted creeds to wrote able which gain be and may

in his kingdom. The knowledge of define what kind of being he was.... Now are we the sons of God, and it

God, the knowledge as to the nature and They said that he was in some mystical doth not yet appear what we shall be: but

kind of being that he is, is the rock way three in one, that he filled the we know that, when he shall appear, we foundation upon which all true religion immensity of space, that he was everyshall be like him; for we shall see him as

is based, and without that knowledge where and nowhere in particular preshe is.

and without revelation from him, it is ent, that he was incomprehensible, unAnd every man that hath this hope in purifieth himself, even as he is pure. incorporeal, for uncreated, possible or knowable, and him to hopenot for men

3:1-3.) (I John glories the understandhonors, all the rest. the blessings, andgain And that is

in in prevailed the eternity. the world ing thatof written same John, had who To that

of the Prophet 1820 went when this spring as the these the key to Master gave upon words by moved The in place grove of that a secluded into intercessory prayer said:principle in his great the Ghost, Lord Holy

all trees of to the ask the Lord which said, hewhen right he should churches and which was all shall inherit overcometh that He

And this is life eternal, that they might join. The Prophet said, things; and I will be his God, and he shall

Jesus true the only and thee God,know... I saw a pillar of light exactly over my be my son. (Rev. 21:7.) 17:3.) sent. hastChrist, (John thou whom

head, above the brightness of the sun, which And then again:

The Prophet Joseph Smith said, descended... Whengraduallythe lightuntilrestedit felluponuponmeme.I To him that overcometh will I grant to

brightness Personages, whose two saw and I sit also throne, in as even with first to of It is the principle Gospel me my the all description, standing defy glory above set Father overcame, with and of down am for character God, the certainty my aknow air. of the spake in unto them One me his (Ibid., in throne. 3:21.) with converse that to weand may know

said, calling pointing name, and by me, me another. as converses with onehim man

Son. other to the Beloved This Hear is my scriptures, Smith, the Testament These and Joseph {Teachings Prophet of New

2:1617.) (Joseph Smith Him! 345.) cited, thatpage others teach could be many

of of exaltation, doctrine doctrine a of the the that knowledge moment From of comalways God, knowledge This lives, life eternal eternal doctrine a and forth roll in the to world, began God in revelation, has been hading by of joint heirship Christ Son. the with day, eventually, see to a expect and we history earth's of the ageevery when this given has knowledge been And will of cover the knowledge God when here. prophets gospel hasthe been The again, particulars, revelamore with by earth, as cover the deep, waters the the of borne have and himhave known tion in are this day. that taught We it for necessary will longer be no when his people concerning the towitness at Christ fulness received of the not

to his to neighbor, say any "Know man created his laws.attributes and He first grace, the grace to from but went

all shall for Lord,"the from him know his of body"the "in image own until fulness,Adam received a that he he and least. greatest to the the and walked then 6:9) and (Moses all finally in received both power

says, scripture that a have We the very withtalked him, with man this earth. After heaven on having and

in his created he had own liketruth revelation,whom in the recorded the flesh of and Father has bones a body The spirit his Firstborn sent isness. He Lord says doing that he it so we may also; tangible the Son, as as but the Son man's;

Jehovah, to commune with Moses "face Holy Ghost has not a body of flesh and know what we worship and know how to face, as a man speaketh unto his bones, but is a personage of Spirit. (D. & G. to worship, and that if we keep his

friend."(Exodus 33:11.) And then in 130:22.) commandments, we can go from grace

the Meridian of Time he sent this same to grace until, one in him as he is in

Son, among other reasons, to manifest If we had lived in the beginning, in the Father, we may inherit a fulness of to the world the nature and kind of Adam's day, and had received the all things.

revelaas taught is, so that might bybeing knowledge know that he of God men knowledge is the Now the of God of his tion the keep from the worship Adam, and mouth himhim and true religion. of prebeginning Without

commandments and thereby be entitled siding high priest in the Church, we there cannot be faith in God. Theit

to come back into his presence again. would have seen that the very name of knowledge of God is the end of all true

literally interpreted, Father, If meant religion. that of the have knowledge we the said that Christ Son was he

for of Holiness, as the scripture Man says, as to ourpurify forth and seek, from John said that he cameGod. He

says, is selves pure, in as he witness can to bear Father, thatthe go on we he came

It is of that written Father.of the him

of his Father's express is the imagehe Holiness... Inis thehis languagename, andof theAdam,nameManof hisof eternalblessingsprogression,of peace andhavinghappinessreachedhere,the

person, and this knowledge was had in Only Begotten is the Son of Man. (Moses and being assured of an eternal reward

all ages. And yet when the period of 6:57.) in the mansions that are prepared, in

dark apostasy set in, men without revethe name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

430 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA who did come were humble, Godfear- ing men and women. Bradford records

that their first act upon arriving here AMERICAupon American soil was to go upon their knees in humble prayer and bless the God of heaven.

hearts, their force in impelling The for basic love What Of The it a to me, was seems ideals and principles, which were dearer to them than life itself. Among these

in his faith their love of God, FUTURE? were of freedom, love their purposes, divine

by Ezra Taft Benson industry, thrift, decency, and honor.

in a this nation had its beginning OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE Yes, of manner. The rules highminded Ezra Taft Benson

conduct established by the early colonists and our founding fathers were y beloved brethren and sisters, in est nation in all the world. This has taken from the scriptures. They were

in the and in the Decalogue inspiration the I invoke humility of the land embodied about been done on 6% as aside was set Sabbath gospel. The interest relatively an of the Lord and seek small area of the world by a

other vices and day. Profanity a sacred prayers as I stand faith andMin your of the world's of people, only for group 7% was gambling and condemned, this pulpit. in it I should that were is reported a few moments Yet population.

like, if the Lord will bless me, to give this small group of people produce today forbidden. People were encouraged to

vent to some thoughts that have been approximately half of the world's total keep good company and to repeat no deeply impressed upon my mind for wealth in usable form to satisfy human grievances. They emphasized the spiritseveral weeks now. I hope I shall not needs. It is reported that in the year ual virtues.

be misunderstood. It seems to me that 1950 almost half of the food and fiber Washington but echoed the general

the day in which we live demands a of the world was produced here in the feeling of the early colonists when he frank and forthright consideration of United States. Our productivity has acknowledged God's direction and emsome of the problems which face us, increased onefifth every ten years since phasized the importance of spirituality,

not only as a Church but also as a 1850. Through the use of machines, honor, and moral courage. He said:

nation. great Christian so of the drudgery comand toil much to acknowledge be found can people No at the opening you I thrilled disapWith has other nations many mon in Invisible which conthe Hand adore and

address of our great leader, President peared. Our engineers have estimated ducts the affairs of men more than the

McKay. As I have thought of his rethat the average worker today has the people of the United States. Every step

marks regarding this land of America, equivalent of 99 mechanical slaves workby which they have advanced to the charto seems nation acter independent I of an its achievements, have and its needs, ing for Twentieth Century him. The

of token distinguished some by been felt best that I could characterize what recently predicted 1960, have that by Fund he said in two words: Spiritual States96% of all the energy going into physical providential agency.

this love land manship. you With in performed America be in work would religion of and to the place Then as live. of our proud which we I amI horses, machines, by and by 1% by 3% of country our Father the morality, I for grateful heritage; the American am average worker American men. The

stated: I tradition; thankful that the Lord six am per times output has hour an

his prophets through has given informahis output in 1850. made Yes, we have which dispositions and habits all the Of

this regarding great nation. tion achievements unprecedented in matereligion prosperity, and political to lead

However, it seems to me that there rial things. morality are indispensable supports....

are certain tendencies, trends, and pracThe prophets of God foreshadowed Reason and experience both forbid us to tices which endanger very greatly our these achievements when they predicted expect that national morality can prevail way of life and strike at the very foundathat this would be a land choice above in exclusion of religious principle.

tion of much that we hold dear as a all other lands and that it would be great Christian nation. Of course, the preserved for a righteous people. Those His successors spoke in similar vein.

conditions of the world generally give who were to dwell here, if they served Lincoln emphasized the same thought rules that "God he acknowledged for when cause concern.us land, should live the the be free from We seem to God of

of is the duty this world,"and that "It of conflict, insecurity,in a world uncercaptivity. Lehi, led bondage and who

tainty, and almost bewilderment. We the second colony which came to this nations as well as men to own their

appear to be groping blindly, aimlessly, great land, was told that he was leading dependence upon the overruling power transtheir confess sins and God, to it find tounable the not way. Were that land of promise to a colony and of

..,"sorrow. in and gressions humble faith for our prophecies of in the God, that here should save those none come

I fear sometimes we would almost be who would come here under the influthen quoting from the scriptures, "and tempted to give up. ence of heaven. This land would be to recognize the sublime truth that

blessed only are whose nations those of the midst continuing those the consecrated We are in unto Lord whom

Yes, the Lord."my brethren crises. God isinternational outlook The here. guide a be land for would It would

world peace and security is dark indeed. of liberty. Lehi's son, Jacob, said there and sisters, they spoke of selfevidentThe gravity of the world situation, it should be no kings upon this land, that truths—inalienable rights.

appears, is increasing almost daily. The the God of heaven would be their king, When the Prophet Joseph came upon

United Nations seems unable to settle that this land would be fortified against the scene to open a new gospel disthe troubles of the world. In truth, all other nations, and that he who would pensation, he shed even further light

we are faced with the hard fact that fight against Zion should perish. upon the establishment of this great

the United Nations, it seems, has largely Reference has been made by Presination and the coming forth of the failed in its purpose. Yes, the days dent Young to the coming of Columbus. Constitution, which he stated was a

ahead are sobering and challenging The scriptures tell us that the Spirit glorious standard, founded in the wisones. We might well ask, America wrought upon Columbus, and upon dom of God. Through revelation the

what of the future? those who followed him, and that they Lord said to him, as was quoted by

I never travel across this great land came here under the inspiration of Brother Moyle yesterday, its fruitful note its broad,and farms, heaven. predicted that Nephi when

it is right that Therefore, not any man factories cities gleaminghumming and arrived, they they would themhumble in to another. one bondage should be

Ibut what impressed the with selves am before marthat the of God, power this for I established purpose have And ofvels this great nation. Yes, have the we Lord be with would them, and this of land, the Constitution the hands by

made unequaled material progress. We that they would prosper. Our history of wise men whom I raised up unto this

have become the greatest and the richclearly records that the early peoples (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1952 431 First, I think they would ask the quesEzra Taft Benson Continued tion: Can this service, assuming it is

needed, be done more efficiently, more very purpose, and redeemed the land by from what seem to be reliable sources? effectively by our federal government,

the shedding of blood. (D. & C. 101:7980.) According to projected estimates, our or should we do it ourselves on the

federal government will spend during local level? They believed that governWe have enjoyed divine favor through the coming fiscal years, 195253, more ment is best which governs least. Govmuch of our history, but what of the than the total income of all the people ernment seems to be inherently wasteful

future? to brethren It seems me, my Possibly inefficient. states. of the Mississippi and west River—22

history, of lessons that theand sisters, profit motive payroll in federal 1952 will top the The and competition—theit is because

very sobering, ought of themmany last billion year very above to 22 life of private enterprise—are largebillion—4 of our to during this hourbe turned total. ly absent. the 1929 16 times Nearly and

great achievement because I feel in my one out of every four adult Americans Second, How will it affect the morown heart that during the hour of our is receiving regularly federal checks. At ale and the character of the people?

success is our greatest danger. I feel the present rate, by 1953 the governThis seems to me to be of great imfirmly that even during the hour of great ment will be spending approximately portance. They were interested in the

prosperity, a nation may sow the seeds 38% of the national income. During building of character. They recognized

of its own destruction. This may haponly three of the last twenty years has that character, not wealth or power or

pen even during a period of great inour federal budget been balanced. It position, is of prime consideration.

come, relatively full employment, and requires today approximately 2!/2 milThird, they would possibly ask: How

high business activity. History reveals lion civilians to staff the federal will it affect our free institutions

that rarely is a great civilization conbureaucracy. the church, the school, the home, and

quered from without until it has weakIn the matter of the depreciation of our local form of government?

ened or destroyed itself within. the currency, it is reported that the I believe if they were here, they would

I read recently volume three of that present dollar is worth only 38 cents look for the answers to the decline of monumental work by Will Durant, compared to the 1913 dollar, and that public morals. As they looked searchThe Story of Civilization. This volume, the dollar today will purchase only ingly for the answers, they would probentitled Caesar and Christ, covers the about half as much as it did in 1935ably observe evidence of weak and

rise and fall of the Roman Empire and 39. vacillating leadership in many places,

the coming forth of Christianity. It As to taxation, the federal government not confined to one group or one party.

covers a period of 1125 years, from took in taxes during all past administraThey would find a tendency for men of B.C. to 325 A.D.800 At the end expeto place political places tions in six years high years 156 up to ago—

this sixhundred-page the volume, auprinciple. of dollars. billion six In diency They would ahead the last 248 years

thor writes an epilogue under the capwe have taken in taxes 260 billion, and be concerned with the alarming growth tion "Why Rome Fell."It is generally still we seem not to have enough to of a somethingfor-nothing philosophy,

agreed that not infrequently history pay our current bills. With a debt of a failure of people to stand on their

repeats itself. The author lists the over onequarter of a trillion dollars, own feet. They would probably find

major causes why this great civilizathe annual interest payment is 6 billion bad examples by unscrupulous politition fell apart. I wonder if there is dollars plus, more than all government cians and by delinquent parents, and

anything in what he says for us to take expenditures in 1933. possibly a weakening of religious trainof thisnote today. As I read volume, therefor of a and the substitution brethren this ing, and sisters, Now, my

to reflect similarity caused I was on the materialism. faithdestroying lists author other causes. Political

of conditions and practices then and causes, he says, were rooted in one fact, I think, my brethren and sisters, as now. May I give you briefly his sumthat through centralized control and the batterday Saints, and as American citimary: increasing despotism of the state, the zens, we need to rouse ourselves to the

The first group of causes he termed citizens'civic sense was destroyed and problems that confront us as a great biological, and no doubt most fundadried up, thus destroying statesmanship Christian nation. We need to recogmental. They had to do with the at its source. Men felt powerless to nize that these fundamental, basic

limitation of families, the deferment express themselves and lost interest in principles, moral and spiritual, lay at and avoidance of marriage, the refusal government. Yet, I presume, Rome has the very foundation of our achievements

of men and women to shoulder the had no equal in the art of government. in the past. If we are to continue to

great responsibilities, Godordained, of She achieved a democracy of free men enjoy our present blessings, we must honorable parenthood. He mentioned and then destroyed it with corruption have a return to these basic and fundathat sexual excesses were indulged in and violence. mental principles. Economics and

commonly, both in and outside the With you, I love this great land in morals are both parts of one inseparable marriage covenant. The operation of which we live. I pray for the chief body of truth, and they must be in

contraception and abortion was comexecutive and his cabinet and the legisharmony. We need to square our

mon. This, together with other things, lative and judicial branches, the ofactions and our policies with these

resulted in reduced fertility. Sex ran ficials of our states and our cities. But eternal principles.

riot, and moral decay resulted. I wonder sometimes, my brethren and I wonder if we have forgotten the

He mentioned as another cause of sisters, what our founding fathers, our counsel of the prophets, the founding

Rome's decay, the waste of natural pioneer fathers, would do and say if fathers, and our great statesmen. Surely

resources in mining, deforestation, erothey were here today. I'm sure they we need a nationwide return to these

sion; the neglect of irrigation canals, would give serious reflection to present fundamentals. We need a nationwide

but most important of all, the negliconditions. I wonder if they would not repentance to rid this land of corruption.

gence of harassed and discouraged men, recognize that our liberties have already We must return to the fundamental the failure to teach high moral princibeen abridged, that there has been too virtues that have made this nation ples so necessary for the building of much of a tendency for us to call upon great. There is a force in the universe

real character. our federal government every time we which no mortal can alter. This naThen he lists with great emphasis felt the need for the accomplishment of tion does have a spiritual foundation.

the rising costs of government because any particular objective. I wonder if It has been established in keeping with

of armies, doles, public works, expandwe haven't had a tendency to call for great spiritual and moral principles, ing bureaucracy, a parasitic court, dehelp for those things which our forebut there seems to be a tendency for preciation of currency, absorption of fathers would have done willingly for us to lose our sense of uprightness and investment capital by confiscatory taxthemselves. Yes, I presume as a people to do wilfully those things which we

ation. we are to blame, but I feel that if must know to be wrong. This cannot

Is there anything suggestive in this they were here today, they would apply be done with impunity.

summary? some very definite tests before any new God help us to raise our sights beyond

May I give you the following figures service or new program were approved. the dollar sign, beyond material things.

on this last grouping particularly, taken May I just mention three: May we have the courage to stand up

432 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and you, unto this known be Jerusalem, noble those established by principle, for honor to and counted, stand beand words: to hearken my pioneers the fathers who and ideals rounding principlesfor which those and suppose, as ye drunken, are not For these this valleys. need these settled esthe fathers in the foundingguided We day. the of third hour is it the but seeing

these to adherence a close faith, need great land. of this wetablishment Thank

God for the promises that have been basic principles. It is my conviction, (He was referring, of course, to the

made regarding the future of America. my brethren and sisters, that this nasupposition that the Apostles must be

will be saved other nationI shall tion realize the pray or no hope and we unless materially in some way of thesefulfilment because promises we it is drunkenof the HolybecauseGhostofthatthe theymanifestationswere actumerit their fulfilment. I am grateful strengthened, redeemed, and regenerated ated by.)

that the Lord has said through his spiritually. God bless us in that reprophets that this nation unto the demption, that we may go forward and But this is that which was spoken by

righteous shall be blessed forever, and live the principles that have been the Prophet Joel;

that he will be a light unto them forso basic and so fundamental in bringAnd it shall come to pass in the last ever that hear his words. ing this great nation to its present days, saith God, I will pour out of my

your sons and all flesh: your and upon pray Spirit world, in the that I humbly drift standing us God help we may not young your prophesy, shall and daughters Christ. offarther principles Amen. the of faith Jesus from in the name old your visions, men and see men shall

shall dream dreams:...

Ye men of Israel, hear these words; Jesus

of Nazareth, a man approved of God among you by miracles and wonders and signs, which God did by him in the midst of you,

TOIA Ik -J>6edition SATURDAY AFTERNOON, APRIL 5, 1952 as ye yourselves also know:

Him, being delivered by the determinate counsel and foreknowledge of God, ye have taken and by wicked hands have crucified and slain: Whom God hath raised up, having loosed the pains of death: because it was not possible that he should be holden of it....

Therefore let all the house of Israel know assuredly, that God hath made that both crucified, ye have Jesus, whom same OUR RELIGION 2224, 36.) 2:1417, (Acts Christ. and Lord

that of teaching kind That is the by Albert B. Bowen

of Jesus Christ gospel the introduced

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE in the ancient day. There is no equivocation, no temporizing, there is no dodging of the issue. There is the straightthis that declaration man who Albert E. Bowen forward

recognized was among them had lived of God, that they had taken him in life, his destroyed had foul and hands are great I have days a been There learned two almost now many beraised had up and that he was butFor faces of those is, disquisitions the out over religion looking about what as of recognized God was and come here, it, features congregated noting that the constitute and, have what who

Christ. and Lord both it to essential the purpose factors are. of the devotion in evidencethe

is religion. what is our That That is It together. Every not brought purpose to them here into haswhich go my

out, that and we believe. Wipe we features indicated their is has of discussions. of those aspect any neither This

rest to left which upon nothing have intent. the with for solemn time the place nor I have come that that. they But

principle is It every to basic faith. our is sadness, there I is a there to going tell that that assume canNot am you

or teaching in is our acknowledged that is, their in counsobriety manifest I religion our whatjoyous to intend and under of those who, the teaching say say that tenances. religion do and our comin

his meswere of the Christ, guidance prises life the teachings I note, too, a manifestation of exand and actions pectancy written all over your faces, of Jesus of Nazareth. That constitutes sengers to establish his work.

and that is very sobering because I our religion. This is a great teaching Church. Its

realize that you expect something from It all centers in Jesus the Christ. So business is to teach. Men can be perthose who assume this position. The far as I know, in all the reading I have suaded, their lives reformed through

purpose, I have no doubt, is that you been able to do, all the research made, persuasion. No man may be coerced,

might draw some fortification for your there is no principle of right action, and no belief was ever established by faith, and some strengthening help to no ethical principle, recognized in the attempted coercion or force. Jesus reface the issues of life and wrestle with world today that is not comprehended in sorted to the method of persuasion, and

its problems as they come to you day the teachings of Jesus Christ. I believe our business as his representatives is to

by day. that if all the books on ethics were persuade people over whom we may

doctrine, influence to accept the rarely pick a magazine today, left very burned up and the uthave had we We it in their accepted they have and when terances advise does or not that a newspaper, of the Christ the now and teachings us somewhere along the line that someof the Apostles whom he commissioned hearts, they are born again. They do

body has said that the great need of this to carry his message to the world, we not want to resort to the evil practices world today is increased spirituality. should have a perfect and concrete from which they have been converted.

That idea is voiced in varied forms. guide to human conduct. They want to order their lives accordSometimes it is expressed as a greater Our religion comprehends more than ing to the purity of his teachings.

dedication to religion, a more complete just the ethical code. It contains a Foremost among the teachings that

incorporation of the principles of rebody of principles, through the obJesus uttered was his recognition of God ligion into our lives, and that is heralded servance of which we are promised the the Father. To him he prayed. He said

as one of the things that could cure great reward of eternal life and salvathat he was come to do the Father's the ills of the world. tion in the kingdom of God. will, not his own. He told his disciples

But as I listen to further expositions, I want to turn here to the words of that he had done nothing except what

I find a great deal of vagueness in those Peter, as recorded in the Acts, he had seen the Father do, putting expressions. I am not sure that I know himself into humble submission before

just what those who use them mean. But Peter, standing up with the eleven, the omnipotent power of the God of

I am not sure that I know just what, in lifted up his voice, and said unto them, Ye heaven.

their minds, religion signifies. men of Judea, and all ye that dwell at (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1952 433 religion,"a lot of them who use those

Albert E. Bowen Continued phrases do not even believe in the existence of God.

As he directed his messengers to go the testimony of those who received They do not believe that Jesus was out, he told them that they should their testimony and became convinced the Son of God nor that he was resurcarry his message and teach it to all in their own souls. It was the testirected from the dead. They are using

nations, baptizing them in the name of mony of Paul. It is the one sure way to idle phrases. If men really believed,

the Father and of the Son and of the live by the teachings which he exthey would do something about it, and

Holy Ghost, and teaching them to obpounded, and that same authoritative if that belief were implemented into the serve all things "whatsoever I have comdeclaration of personal knowledge has lives of men in this world, it would manded you."That is all that is recome down through all the ages of time cure the ills under which the world is

quired of any man. and has been repeated in our day, and groaning.

of editor a the war, the naDuring thus read If that the Prophet Joseph all we do would we the things whattional Fortune, the magazine, magazine in the Rigdon, temSidney Smith soever and or his God commanded, Son, series of exact, wrote questo a out be ple, this: declare Christ, isJesus the which same thing

large tions distributed to that a he bodyauthoritatively, we would have no clergy, of their asking opinions the these meditated while upon And we troubles in this world. There would

things, beliefs. of the certain eyes the touched answers Their Lord our about be peace and will. harmony and good they understandings opened, and were and cirtheir disappointed by wordy him would impossible. beWar All the of glory the the about. shone Lord round of positive avoidance cumlocutions and life, ugliness of everything that destroys

of glory the the beheld Son, we And commitments. beauty desirability and would be reright the the of Father, and hand on editorial penetrating a wrote most He cleansed out from the earth. In that of his ceived fulness; it. is things, other This, about among is instruction the comprehended whole angels, the holy saw and them And who said: he what of sweep the gospel teaching. sanctified are throne, before his worshiping

He taught that man has a destiny, God, and the Lamb, who worship him for- A Christian leadership has passed from what that destiny is, and how to achieve ever and ever. the hands of the church to the hands of

it; that it is all dependent upon conAnd now, after the many testimonies the active and practical laity—the statesformance to the plan given. We have which have been given of him, this is the men and educators, the columnists and

heard something in this conference testimony, last of all, which we give of pundits, the scientists and great men of is this action, of lives! and only sayanother him: he That way.about is It a plan. a designed It plan.

is there that ing true leadership Christian no is For the the him, right even only saw hand on we plan that assures salvation all. at far as goes, record the So the of voice the bearing God; heard and we to the children of is men, the promise people American their as well would do by is record of that the the he Begotten Only predicated the upon assumption that souls to the follow of the advice industrial Fatherthe obeywe teachings of that plan. leaders to as follow of the advice the

of through him, by That him, and and All leaders. spiritual is that flock the leading of Thus we record know about the him, the are created, worlds and were and the shepherd. lifeearth of the is of Son conGod the inhabitants are thereof sons begotten

as long the So aspretends or Church tained in the books of the TestaNew 76:19daughters and unto (D. God. C. & to values, absolute actually sumes preach but Gospels,ment—the the Acts of 24.) the

it relative preaches values, and secondary ItApostles. has if said been that you will hasten process disintethe of merely blot out the of book the Acts, is a you declaration of sober would Here men gration. are to asked to turn the We leave a great blank covering a just as very those associated had been who for church enlightenment, but do we when

important period in the life and minwith the Christ gave their testimony of so we find that the voice of the church is istry of Jesus prior to his death and what they had seen and heard, and not inspired. The voice of the church

resurrection, as well as occurrences after those testimonials may not be idly today, we find, is the echo of our own that period. brushed aside. They are entitled to voices, and the result of this experience is

is every credence acdisillusionment. that to turn normally those books as We the authorispirit- is the absolute This profound andtative of corded source honest to the words of any our man information, acceptdisillusionment ual arising fact from the

integrity ing as has not impeached. been them the of word for the whose God that consult the only church we when we

guidance of his children. And that That is the foundation of our religion. hear what we ourselves have said. The

same fidelity of purpose, the same courThat is the kind of teaching that won effect of this experience upon the present ageous conviction and declaration of it, its way until it had established itself generation has been profound. It is the

as was voiced by Peter on that penteas a recognized religion of the great effect of a vicious spiral like the economists costal day, has rung down through the empire of Rome after a period of persetalk about that leads into depressions, but ages since that time. cution. That is the only kind of faith in this spiral there is at stake not merely

prosperity, civilization. but that will keep in the course men safe Paul not of was lived had those who is only of that There out one way that leads salvation. to eternalwith the Christ, walked with him. is spiral. of He out the sound The way

was rather a persecutor of his saints—It did happen. It happened by slow voice. Not our voice, but a voice cominga

by his own account he had viciously degrees. Nobody can tell just when it from something not ourselves, in the existpersecuted them, but he became a great first began, but these sober declarations ence of which we cannot disbelieve. It is

expounder of the faith. This is how began to meet with some doubt, and the earthly task of the pastors to hear this

it happened. men began to philosophize about these voice, to cause us to hear it, and to tell

it it, if If says. they us what or cannot hear declarations. questionGradually Standing in bonds before Agrippa to sober fail tell us, to as they are enlaymen we to their effect inings began have byanswer the charges against made him, it lost. tirely are Without more no we filtration dilution, this until proand said:he of saving capable the than world were we

faith found sadly shaken. was it first of creating in place. the

At midday, O king, I saw in the way a By the third or fourth century it was light from heaven, above the brightness of is blotted almost as out declara- a simple a penetrating analysis of That the the sun, shining round about and them me of faith tion ills for cause through attempted an the adof the world. gain Towhich journeyed with me. mixture favor, to with philosoother and Greek popularity, enhance to our And when all we were fallen to the is phies. the inevitable offense, giving avoid Such consequence have adopted we Iearth, heard voice a speaking unto me, and

try to rationalize theories of the the tried intewhen to men word andsaying men in the tongue, Hebrew Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me? it is hard for of God, the testimony of his servants, grate them with the teachings of the

thee to kick against the pricks. to accommodate it to the teachings of Son of God, and they will not mix.

And I said, Who art thou, Lord? And their philosophies, and make it more The result is that the church, instead

he said, I am Jesus whom thou persepalatable to their understanding or their of setting the pattern, marking out the cutest. (Ibid., 26:1315.) likes. From that day to this, the Church path, has been adopting what has been

has been derelict in its duty to proclaim adopted as practice among the men of

It is the testimony of so undiluted the that walked those who word when now business—thewith him during his life. mortal It is say to us, revival of a need men "We of the world—andlaboringthemen,voicetheof laitythe

434 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA laymen, modified and given essence by with the declarations of Almighty God ancies and uncertainties, some of which the things they want to do and like we can lay aside as unsuited for the President Smith and Brother Kimball to practise, guided by their selfish interneed of man, and orient ourselves again spoke of yesterday, which we often have ests, has drowned out the voice of the in that declaration of Peter, reechoed a difficult time in reconciling, will find church, and the leaders of the church by Paul, by all the disciples of the answer and solution and satisfaction if have lost their powerful, guiding influChrist, so long as his teachings remained we are patient and prayerful and willing ence. Men refuse to heed its words, undefiled and uncorrupted, and set that to wait. Part of them are the price we

finding in them only the echo of the up as the guide to our course of life. pay for our free agency. We pay a great

words of the laity that are spoken about. Then we shall not have these appeals, price for free agency in this world, but

In my view there is only one safety; we shall not need these appeals to men it is worth the price we pay. One of the

there is only one cure; and that is to to modify their governments because cherished sentences I recall from the

take the pure and unadulterated word their governments will be founded in utterances of the Prophet Joseph Smith of God and set that up as our standard righteousness, and righteousness will is that one which says that "an hour of of measurement, and measure every prevail. virtuous liberty on earth is worth a

creed and doctrine and dogma by that God grant it may be, I pray in the whole eternity of bondage."So long as

yardstick. That which will not square name of Jesus. Amen. men have their free agency, there will

be temporary injustices and discrepan- *0f cies and some seemingly inexplicable things, which ultimately in our Father's own time and purpose will be reconciled and made right.

There are many other things that give us cause for encouragement—and I CAUSE FOR shan't take time to name them now—

know that President McKay is under the pressure of time but I shall pass over to one last one quickly: Encouragement to

uncertainties in the people young ENCOURAGEMENT our like to face. I say to them should they

before I close that our Father in heaven by Richard L. Evans sent us here not to fail but to succeed,

and he has made it possible for us to

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY succeed. He knows us better than we

know ourselves, and he knows the cirRichard L. Evans cumstances and uncertainties we face.

It is his declared purpose to bring to life, eternal immortality pass our and

I sure sense of credit. that the expectancy, give so sencould am them One

if will, joy, he give and to us and we is inspoke, of Brother this carried thought: tence which be Bowen may We set of impossible any presented hasn't all us, to of overpowering deed and physical faced a standard lowered withI or plan or impossible circumstances any all of that ourwell living, are of awarethat faced need but not be with we we

achieve. for to us purpose

it I satisfied. that ofselves will pray not thinking. standards be lowered And difuncertainties all and the Despite

it satisfied direction the this series through of there enclosed simple be was may is glorious worth- a ficulties, there and of in blessing suggestions: whose himand name we

all people of for these young future while here.are met

sights if their set will ours, on they of like to cost doesn't Learn much. what through been running has There my goal, look worthwhile permanent, some like to reading, conversation, music. Learn President sentence a spoken bymind price the ahead, or pay like a decade food, two to service, plain plain Learn

McKay during the last few days: "Give plain cooking. they have to pay to achieve it, accept

encouragement to the people."It came Learn to like fields, trees, brooks, hiking, the interruptions as they come, and

before me again as the combined rowing, climbing hills. have faith, to work, to prepare, to pray,

of so University likechoruses to Brigham of Young people even though Learn some of to God, the keep commandments

..... to be you. yesterday, thembeautifully here from sang may "He purlives quiet calm, their with pursue

like satisto to the Learn and enjoy. workdifferent Israel, not, over nor slumberswatching will If will be they pose. do this they

it of faction as as doing job well your cansleeps. in grief walking Shouldst thou treasgreat, rich find will blessed; they done. be thee."willlanguish, quicken he of other life, of knowledge, ures in and like to of the songs the birds, the Learn

The adverse and long winter; the uncompanionship of dogs. things also; they will surmount all the

certainties of the times and seasons, the Learn to like gardening, puttering around difficulties and discouragements of the perplexities and problems of our young the house, and fixing things. day, and all the interruptions, and all

people have suggested another longLearn to like the sunrise and sunset, the else, if they will continue in faith.

cherished passage of scripture found in beating of the rain on the roof and the It is, after all, a wonderful world that

Genesis in a promise to Noah: windows, and the gentle fall of snow on a our Father has given us, in which everyday. winter of repentbasis is possible thing on the remaineth, earth the and seedtime to While simple, Learn keep your wants and

obedience, and on observance ance andharvest, cold to refuse and and heat, and disand summer be controlled the likes by and winter, and day and night shall not cease. likes of others. of the principles on which the blessings

(Genesis 8:22.) are predicated.

are of beautiful I another reminded that quickly. pray Life passes we We

I are sure that there other many am to accredited thought H. G. all Wells end, keep by and to the endure a may shall also includcease notthings which writer, contemporary suggests and which spirit of encouragement, more the many

love, truth, association thoseing with we "the that not allow should for watch man have menreasons might which we gloripossibilities of progress,the a and to the calendar to blind and the all are of him contemtioned which and for, live for to to futureous and work life is fact that of his each purFather's a moment plans plated and in our

I grateful. indeedand am miracle mystery."and reach, are a our for within us poses and

We can find encouragement despite I think we can take encouragement according to our obedience and our desome of the physical facts that we face. in the many marvelous things there are votion to the gospel of Jesus Christ, not-

A thoughtful person who lives to enjoy regardless of other physical withstanding what environment or what across the mountains to the east (George facts that we may face. companions or what conditions we find

W. dinger) has sent within the last I think we can take encouragement in ourselves faced with. May God be with

two or three days a statement or two some other things also. Some of the ponus and bless us and give us the courage

that I should like to read briefly into derable problems, the unanswered quesand the wisdom to endure to the end the record. I wish I knew who wrote tions, the seeming injustices and discrepin faith, I pray in Jesus'name. Amen.

JUNE 1952 435 He knew notwithstanding all these things, Seeing Beyond and that he shall stand at the latter day upon the earth:

And though after my skin [that is, after the way of the flesh; after all of these

this body, yet destroy tribulations] worms The Shadow I see God: in my flesh shall

Whom I shall see for myself, and mine by Clifford E. Young eyes shall behold, and not another; though

my reins be consumed within me. (Job 19:23ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE 27.)

a shadows—what

brethren and sisClifford E. Young blessedSeeingfaithbeyondit is, themy

ters that we can do that, that we can adjust ourselves to the problems of life

I awoke this morning and looked struggle we should learn these great as they come. Our people have been

As out over this beautiful valley, conlessons of life and be able to adjust very much concerned, especially our l scious, as no doubt all of you are, of ourselves to them. agricultural people in these mountain

last weeks. the areas, Our few during I that the winter hard had, have we I Sislistening to time one remember

can't fear they that livestock men Bible, the the read nineopened and ter Elsie relate Brandley an Talmage grounds; flocks their the lambing get on teenth Psalm: incident as traveled that she happened

It is disturbing short. a very feed for the about Church. a She was memis It difficult. declare of glory have had the heavens time. The and God; isWe of ber the general of board the Mutual the his sheweth firmament handywork. people before. difficulties these Our

at Association, Improvement one and these in them. uttereth speech, But unto always night have had day Day and associate of editor time ImproveThe night adjustunto sheweth knowledge. struggles, these in economic Sister Era. fine Brandley a had ment

to time is to from have make language, ments speech There nor we no where faith. great of a told her and She mind

is their voice blessings, heard. greater not to there us time, come experience in her she Canada, and how greater spiritually, just as is and they line come Their all gone out through the living sick- a ranch husband on had had

to earth, their us. to seems to the words of Lord and the end powers The come ness to their too they home; were come In world. set for a tabernacle hath he them us as that he endowed understood have far for there help, medical and away the sun. so earth. in the here us placed And and to help. was She no had way summon is as a of bridegroom is Which out coming of great hope. Lord ray there a The related this to incident friend a was who his rejoiceth as chamber, a strong and man his goodness. about declares Everything in of tenets not sympathy with the our race. to a run the blessing, his proclaims proclaims us faith Sister asked and Brandley had who is going forth His the of from the end are in reality of him we whose name if life. she ever of pleasures out any had circuit his it: heaven, and the of unto ends here. met

I replied, "Yes, pleasures great She have is there nothing and the hid from heat thereof. in life."And then she related this inciWe heard so much yesterday, so much

The law of the Lord is perfect, converting dent. She said, "You know in our Church to inspire us about the growth of this

the soul: the testimony of the Lord is sure, our men have a special blessing known Church, its great power, and how the

making wise the simple. as the Holy Priesthood. By right of that stakes in California are responding to

The statutes of the Lord are right, rejoicing they are able to bless their children, and this great trust incident to the erection the heart: the commandment of the Lord is in the authority of that power, it may of the temple. These things perhaps are

pure, enlightening the eyes. be to rebuke disease; and the Lord regarded by those not of our faith as very

The fear of the Lord is clean, enduring hears those prayers."And then she went material; they think that we judge our

for ever: the judgments of the Lord are true on to tell of this experience on the ranch works by the material things. That is

and righteous altogether. where one of their little ones had been not true. They are the symbols of a

More to be desired are they than gold, yea, ill, and how her husband had blessed it magnificent faith in this great work. I

than much fine gold: sweeter also than by the power that the Lord had given don't know whether you noted it,

honey and the honeycomb. him. She said, "Those are our pleasbut for the last three or four conMoreover by them is thy servant warned: ures; those are our joys."ferences, we have been told of the

and in keeping of them there is great refor of the administration it is, so sisters, expenditures and And my brethren ward. from nontithing this Church that come lives. in our the Sometimes shadows

can understand funds. Who whether I don't know you know us, all his errors? cleanse overwhelm but behind them thou secret faults. from me significance of that, the as a but I recall its glory, as comes the sun, with we saw

back thy Keep also servant prethis from young in man, was when Church it today, radiates into and souls our the let sins; sumptuous not have them dominion It lost its debt. of at property had much reality of the of consciousness God, his

I over shall I then me: upright, be and it time; one escheated the had been by great blessings, the assurance that and shall be innocent great the from transgresits government; restoration to the and on is Father, our he that are his and we sion.

it Church, 1896 about the was, Church children. Let the of words mouth,.my the and in debt. heavily was then And when the this prophet taught of lesson meditation Job heart, be acceptable in thy my President into the Presidency Snow came sight, forcibly. Lord, strength, Probably resuffered and no my more O man my the of death on President Woodruff, deemer. 19.) (Psalm he. All of his friends than deserted had inspiration the through revelathe and

lost his crops; he him; lost had he had tions that to St. the in had come him I As contemplated lines, these and flocks his his herds; and his even and George Temple, he the promised people of thought of the this beauty day in conchildren gone. own had Then when if that they true faithful be would and trast to I severe our winter, thought how to said someone there that him was trust, to their the Church would be it is life. like difficulties,much have left We for to nothing to curse do him but relieved of that bondage, promise and hardships, struggles. the have storms die, We there to and a God concame him verily fulfilled. was the clouds, and and then the have we of sciousness reality the of God. And

warmth of the sunshine to gladden our he said, When President Joseph F. Smith

hearts, to give us renewed hope and became the President of the Church he faith. They are all necessary—these Oh that my words were now written! oh made certain sound investments for

changes. It is all in keeping with the that they were printed in a book! the benefit and blessing of this Church.

providence of the Lord. He never inThat they were graven with an iron pen And I recall that those not of our faith

tended that we should have things easy. and lead in the rock for everl and who had no right to criticize, went

He intended that through sacrifice and For I know that my redeemer liveth. up and down this land, in print and

436 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA otherwise, maligning the Presidency of work, giving power and strength to the priesthood in the earth, and become the Church, accusing the Church of a leadership thereof, and that is the way members of the Church, for none of us materialistic attitude, of not being a it will always be, because this is God's is perfect.

spiritual organization, of misleading the work, and it will not fail, no matter how The development of those souls is membership of the Church. That didn't the shadows may come, how the diffithe greatest responsibility of life. There

make any difference. The leadership culties may come, no matter what sacriis, of course, the time when that control

carried on just the same, and we have fices, seeming sacrifices; in the end they must be exercised by others, just as we

seen the benefits and blessings of that are not sacrifices; they are blessings. exercise control over the lifegiving elegreat leadership, and today we see that They are the accumulation of great powments we lead on to the soil. Custody

leadership, the spirit of it, the inspiraers that come to the membership of this of a soul begins when a man is born tion of it manifest. Church, and they become a sustaining a puny, powerless, helpless child. There

And when I heard, I think the first force. is, however, implanted in him by God,

time perhaps four conferences ago, when May God help us to appreciate these a power which can develop, and if

President Clark read the report, was things and be true to our obligations. controlled, would redound to the benethrilled when I heard him make the The Lord is in the heavens. Everyfit and blessing of mankind. It is the

statement, "From nontithes of the thing proclaims his goodness. Everyduty of the parents of that child to see

Church,"are the expense of administrathing about us proclaims the divinity of that its early years are properly guided tion paid. Think of the wisdom, the this great work in which you and I are and its activities properly directed, that

inspiration of your leadership, the engaged, and the divinity of Jesus Christ, the selfish, jealous, evil things which leadership of this Church. And so and the prophetic mission of the Prophet carnal man is subject to, may be taught

in these things that are regarded Joseph, whose name we praise, he who out of the nature of that child, that it as material, there is a great spiritcommuned with Jehovah, and talked may be taught the virtues, the higher ual power. There is evidence of with God, a reality, the greatest evidence virtues of life, so that in its formative

the inspiration of the Almighty. There of our day of the divine mission of Jesus period it may be safeguarded from the

is evidence of the Lord directing his Christ. God bless you. Amen. evils that surround us in such great

number.

Sometimes, as fathers and mothers, we do not realize that responsibility.

We take children more or less as a matter of fact; we do not realize that

they are the sons and daughters of God, and that in their care and custody, we are the representatives of God, our

Heavenly Father. If we could sense TODAY'S GREAT that fully, I am sure that we would be

more serious in the care and direction which we give to the life of our children. NEED IS FAITH Now there comes a time, of course,

when the father and the mother may by Antoine R. Ivins have done all that was within their

power, and they send their sons and

Antoine R. Ivins OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY struggletheir daughterswith itsoutchanginginto theconditions.world to

Then these young people have this direction their within power; they own

sisters, brethren bridge, beloved houses I watched and the under go by to direct have their course; they have deal a before the stand into with good watched water you the come city to direct their efforts; Father and

fill all Altrepidation. of timidity of the the and basements and town, Mother are in control. no longer

I this for in of read the doing and have a been peopleMthough'y newspaper in that process the Now principal years flood. get quite I never in the were now,good drowned who many And element of success, is it seems to me, I feeling. that to of Because the the waters used that river hope you why?

faith, for faith without in are God we faith will control. help your with were and beyond me

likely not to seek his aid, without and I prayers, in there that bring be can water what Now, under when we may his aid lack inspiration, we would and control, thatsay to helpful faith something be through our and and may without inspiration we subject be may it of us, to give bring arid lands, works us courage the renewed onto those some the baser tendencies of the body. productive. and become But to do so, to faith. My sole purpose is to be lands

writer This says, "uncultivated souls"; there help.of must be a fundamental applicaand said, the Prophet spirit "The and of the principle of faith. Dr. the tion Widtsoe was talking Without When body of is the soul man."C. (D. &other of his experiences day the effort. would it we never make and how Then the

he was called in as an expert on irrigathere must be such structures erected as 88:15.) Consequently, if we are going

cultivate the soul well, we must pay will keeption to problems, I got the water thinking about which onto to we bring attention to the spiritual development, is there the landsthe similarity that absolute control; between under and

life. I once read from a Spanish writer furthermore, to make efficient use of and likewise to the physical developthis statement: "There are more unit, it must have direction, wise and adement of the body. Without a proper

cultivated souls in the world than quate direction. relationship of the two we may not

lands."When we can apply all those things succeed.

Now the purpose of irrigation, of to it, we reap a harvest, a rich harvest. Now, faith in God then becomes the

course, is to bring under cultivation But if at any time, during that process, fundamental principle of life. The

lands that otherwise are not so useful we become lax and lose control, the great principle of the gospel is love.

and not productive, and the accomplishhope of a season, and sometimes of the But how can you love God without ment of it represents some of the fundafuture, may vanish in an hour. having faith in his power, and his intermental principles of our lives and our That is a good deal like life. The est in you, and his ultimate direction of

faith. purpose of the Church of Jesus Christ the affairs of this world of ours? To

To begin with, the waters that we of Latterday Saints is to redeem and love him, you must have faith in him.

bring on to our land, when they are cultivate the souls of the people. The With that faith there will come a love

uncontrolled, may be the source of purpose, even, is to build up and of God, and an effort to do his will, tremendous danger and damage to us. strengthen and make better the lives of to keep his commandments, to develop

Sister Ivins and I stood on the banks of the people who have come already to ourselves, that we may be ultimately the river in Elmira, New York, and recognize the power of God, his restored (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1952 437 through that faith, and the inspiration

Antoine R. Ivins continued of God which we get through it.

realize things, these Now, we may it, in control our watchfulness Over servants unto and usefulvaliant God and sisters, live brothers and and we may earth. carried in the the be his away. work whole program maydeveloping

for pledges true in to the them, make we love faith, there be can no I Without have men, And known and women, in of the the temples waters baptism and wife. Without a a andbetween man too, this apparently have who made are serious. of are There wonderful God love a between there befaith can no until successful struggle well in along us. to out breaking held promises The in go Faith father. must a andson years, either feeling secure, then and is serious of thing, these a pledges and it to me. But directions, seemsboth I indifferent, or do not which, know I shall say, most, has unwhat most willif developed, faith be can that we relax controls; they these they succumb results, terrible, redestructive wanted of full requirements thestrive to meet to in temptation; and an unguarded lives. sults in ever our seen you Have to ourselves our develop lives; toour destroy their for they moment, hopes forget things, persons these lose who It recapacity. ultimateutmost and future. the their their in standing sink communities, drive constantly, to struggle, aquires I seen disorganize have men mar- I die, to oblivion beand unmourned? it requires hearts; or a our outjealousy riages that carried should have over lieve have. because Simply you Why? hatred prevent from struggle toconstant eternity into in because unguarded an forget ourselves allow to God, and we attifeelings our and our intocoming failed they exercise to their moment forgetting faith of lose in in the him, we struggle it constant a requirestudes; faith in controls the that and God come is faith because the maintained him by facilities of the higher the developto it. from of exercise faculties in service our the it but must the mind, come andbody I believe, sisters, brethren and the of exercising stop God. when And we faith in each in God,from faith—faith greatest is need have today the defaculties, we faith those decrease, that may is beginning the in well. as Butother of faith in velopment God, the conits and decrease, controls our with and may develops that because from infaith God, trols over ourselves which from come likewise decrease; one up wake we may of principle the fundamental thelove,

if faith; that so, can and do our we to find sad blessings that the day which develops the lovegospel, from and is If future secure. so as incan do we are ours should impossible have been all exist family in that shouldfidelity dividual families, security the of our us. to

relationships. children If secure. should be can imwe grant that understand God we may a wonderful told what been have We press those basic principles upon to them relationship our that him, we may is our enjoy it comthat canthing we so that they will to adhere for the them learn to love faith him, and the have that expectation the here, withpanions rest of lives, their the generation that us, will guide us help which and to will proper, are have livesif we our into bring they the seworld should be direct efforts to greatest our the developeternity, throughout associationthat cure; the future, sisbrothers whole and of ourselves ment those and dependent of blessing grandest in theculminating ters, depends faith our in I upon us, God, and in of the upon pray Jesus name if Christ. of But gospel Jesus wethe exercise the of these controls that Christ. come Amen. us faith prompts that the have notdo

to love and respect each other, to honor the pledges that we make in marriage, we will fall far short of the realization of that great and wonderful privilege.

I have come to believe, in this great struggle, that the greatest victory a THE CHURCH HASman can make is the victory of selfcontrol. It did Alexander the Great

no good to conquer the world and die, a drunken, debauched person, in earlymanhood. Because he had no selfPROSPERED

control, he lost all the advantage that he had gained by his unholy conquests. by Alma Sonne

So I repeat, it matters not what your conquests are here in other directions, ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE if you fail to gain absolute selfcontrol, you have failed in the greatest victory Alma Sonne of life. It is the greatest battle, too,

because man, abandoned by the spirit brethren and sisters, I come to Saint Church, and the official turned.of God, we have been told already, is this responsibility with a prayer in to him and said, "Well, I regard a misfor equivalent sion spirit Church which the Mormon the good that carnal that is an enemycarnal, and man my heart

education."college in to a session That this struggle, and in man has that present withMylas been Withoutof God.

out the Spirit of God, we are going to the other sessions may continue with risen to prominence, not only in his surrender ourselves to our baser and us. business organization, but also in the

more ignoble tendencies. We must not Last night, as I sat in the audience at world. Surely, those who engage in this

do it, brothers and sisters. Man or the missionary meeting, it occurred to missionary work receive blessings which

woman, we must have faith in God in me that the Church as a whole, and the qualify them for their daily activities.

order to serve him properly, and make members individually, have always been Elder Orson F. Whitney, on one octhis tremendous struggle that is necestrue to their missionary responsibility. casion, told about his ambition to besary to overcome these baser faculties. It also occurred to me that those who come an actor. But his poverty stood

We must never so mistreat our bodies participated in it, faithfully, have been in the way of its realization. Finally,

that we surrender the controls that abundantly blessed. God has prospered his mother, sympathetic with his dreams

we have gained over these propensities his work in the earth. And I rejoice and desire, told him to sell some of her

to the unsettling influences of narcotics with you in its success. city lots here in Salt Lake City and use

or things of that sort. We must live, A few years ago I talked to a business the proceeds for his education. But no

brothers and sisters, through the faith executive who has since reached the sale materialized. Then something hapwe develop in God, true to all the compinnacle in his business organization. pened which revolutionized the plan

mandments that have been given us, He told me of making an application and the entire life of Elder Whitney.

and to all of the pledges that we have for work years ago in this organization. He became a missionary. His former

made. After a conversation with one of the dreams vanished. Speaking of that first

Now, when we lead the water out officials, he was told that, inasmuch as mission which he fulfilled with such over the soil, we may have planted a he did not have a college education, credit, he later wrote:

crop which is the result of months and the place was not available to him. But

months of labor, and then, because in the young man explained that he had I know now that I had a testimony, a an unguarded moment, we relax our been on a mission for the Latterday deep conviction of the truth, but it was 438 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA latent, undeveloped, like a gold mine in the I glory in their success. Without God's prophetic vision. Some of his condepths of the earth. Something had to occur help they could not have done it. temporaries marked the great west as a

to bring it out. That something was my May I say that the Church, as we land of desolation, forbidding and unmission. It bored a tunnel, sank a shaft, have it today, is a product of the misinhabitable. Daniel Webster saw only

and brought the precious ore to the surface. sionary system, begun six months after a vast, worthless area, with its savages

Thousands among our brethren and its organization. The Book of Mormon, and wild beasts, deserts of shifting sands,

sisters could give a similar testimony. the Articles of Faith, the revelations to cacti and prairie dogs, and a threethou-

coast line without a harbor sandmile fundamental, Prophet and the a the did become not F. WhitneyOrson

it. survived a in teachings philosophical have for the love actor. Hisprofessional

footlights disappeared. Upon his recentury of relentless opposition, critiWhat did Joseph Smith see? He saw

turn from the missionary field, he becism, and investigation. No changes, homes for a mighty people, the Lattercame a defender of the faith, an exno apologies, no retractions have been day Saints, where the Saints of God

pounder of the scriptures. He became necessary. The Church is like a rock would make settlements and build

a bishop, an Apostle, a recognized orator in the stormtossed seas, like a beaten cities. The wisdom of God, brethren and

and poet, a writer of history, a lawanvil, immovable. Its foundation is sisters, is greater than the wisdom of

deep. be uprooted. It cannot man. firm and of All mission president. and amaker,

of God. a Prophet Smith was Joseph May we appreciate it, I pray, in the full came into endowmentshis natural

play. His field broadened, and his gifts We are here, you and I, because of his name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

and powers were exercised to build faith in the hearts of his fellow men, and to salvation at of home the gospelproclaim old, eaion SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 6, 1952 of Like Abrahamand abroad.

Orson F. Whitney was chosen before

he was born. You and I are the beneficiaries of his stupendous work, hisboundless achievements, and his richly Requisite For

endowed life.

Most of us, I dare say, have read

Elder Widtsoe's little book, In The

Gospel Net. It is the story of a greatconversion, for in it, Brother Widtsoe PEACE

tells how his mother became a member of the Church. I have often thought by John LongJen

of that humble shoemaker whom he the presentingdescribes and who was his ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE came to to the peoplegospel who for full of love soul his wasshop; his John Longden entire the as a result, men.fellow And

estiwill blessed. been has WhoChurch their of and love their God to fied exelse, me realize than anyone more efof his results farreaching themate their neighmen, fellow their for love his Father and Heavenly cepting my extent the estimate willforts, and who appreciative I be always shall bors, and utter weakness Christ, Jesus Son my I Elder by John contributionof made the mine was experience which rich the of position this to of occupy myself in and pamphlets, books and whoseA. Widtsoe, Elder with assignment one in having interest I sure with an this morning. am agriexpositions on works, andChurch first followthe week F. Merrill to Joseph ascending prayers faith in and your scholare andculture, numerous which parconference, and last general the ing I be that Father may Heavenly our read are beingarly, and been have

I help spirit. not could his of taking Spirit be his and blessed we may with His abroad! at andextensively, home scholas- a here was that realizing man blessings. his of recipients broken have down messagespowerful sciences in the educated trained, tically adequately express to I to haven't words the door opened prejudices andmany yet, field, and engineering the in and for the gratitude appreciation and beinvestigators. These humble mymany from swerved not people, was he young mine have been blessings of rich which and growing aginnings have way righteousness. of truth and path the visiting in six past months the during and into movements mightyexpanding witness to bear not ashamed was He the the throughout stakes wards the and accomplishments.great the that Christ the and Jesus that was inspiration and It been has an Church. rendered report the I before have me is in and Smith was Joseph Prophet I to teach as endeavor humble makes me President Brigham byto the Church of young God. You prophet a deed very I like of God. restored would first work the his of after completion theYoung fine this of examtake heed can people this here morning to mention publicly 1840. in Said in over Englandmission all these as leaders, noble such from ple of for I grateful the words that amPresident Young: directing guiding are and are who men that have felicitations kindness and

as of 1840, spring the in kingdom of landed and the Church the work We this receiving in to extended been me penniless, land, and strange in astrangers earth. in the here of the ago, six call members by months of have the mercy we through Godbut with review like I to have you should are not memand by many Church who churches established friends,gained many incident or for an two a moment me this of bers Church. city in and every noted town almostin ago. years just eight place took which imbaptized Britain, I deeply of been sure have Greatthe kingdom we am this of had Church who young man A souls, eight thousand dig- I seven I andbetween the have, with pressed, know to of his country uniform the on put of five Mormon, Books thousandprinted meetings have these nity which with the liberty and and freedom defend huntwenty-five hymnbooks,three thousand conducted over presided by and been himself individual six of found the rights Star, and of Millennial the volumesdred authority. in those and President McKay

to Idaho, Boise, tracts, one in Zion emigrated on his and townthousand from home felt their of I power sure have we am permanent souls, a established athousand about in Normandy, a beachhead the to listened as strength, have and we great a will be agency, whichshipping if before a Day. he had As month D as Christ, salvation. he of Jesus words left sown Saints have and to theblessing to going hapof premonition was what ocof Pharisees one on a faced group seed the thousands of hearts thein many message a wrote there sat and pen, he said, forth will casion, bring questioned he truth,of them when eternal which Boise. in his he of friend to And a of and is gloryfruit God, the to a honor and of Christ?"think ye That "What letter, that said, concluding eat, drink, to nothing lackedyet have we toof us asked be that might question

the all these things acknowledge inor wear; it in answer can our own formula, the like to should "I give you day. We

Star 26:7.) of (Millennial God.hands It please. for to requisite peace, answer not have if you the do minds. it or We

What I have read covers one year of orally or in writing. "What think ye of is nothing new, but I ask you that we remissionary activity by a handful of misChrist?"discover the things which we already have,

sionaries. I marvel at the achievement. These men, our leaders, have exempli- (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1952 439 is significant to me, "Go, and do thou

John Longden Continued likewise."(See Luke 10:2537.)

if sisters, we ofand that were given to us by the Master lawyer said, "And who is my neightrulyYes, exemplifymy brethrenthis andteaching the some two thousand years ago in a single bour?"Master to love our Heavenly Father

sentence, when he said, 'Thou shalt love The Master then gave that glorious sincerely and deeply, then we will love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and example of the Good Samaritan, where by natural consequence our neighbor.

with all thy soul, and with all thy mind. a certain man going from Jerusalem to Thus many of the conditions in the

This is the first and great commandment. Jericho had been set upon by thieves world today which are contrary to the

And the second is like unto it, Thou shalt and stripped of his clothing and his gospel of Jesus Christ will be overcome.

love thy neighbour as thyself.'"(Matt. material things. (And we, my brethren There would not only be peace in the

22:3739.) and sisters, can be stripped of those world, but also we would have peace

things which are material. They are in our hearts and in our souls. And

This boy made the supreme sacrifice insignificant.) And so he was left half- I humbly pray as I bear witness to you,

a few days after writing this letter. dead in the roadway. A priest came my brothers and sisters, that this is

this seeing along, even though and man, true, this that us Christ Jesus gave well truths that might are we These Christianity, crossed professed to he for purpose. a commandment May we brethren this morning,reflect upon my left side, the other him. a and Then desire the energy the have within and incident sisters, also as review anand we street certain Levite the came down hearts, fortitude our the within and own Savior had Testament. thein The New this also likewise and he man, saw and souls this our from to put moment on saving doctrine, the his teachingbeen side. to crossed there the other But was it fully into practice daily in our more exaltation. salvation ofprinciples and the the beheld Samaritan condition who lives, that blessthe reap rich may we said a lawyer queried who by wasHe of the to administered and him man ings are predicated these which upon I do, shall thing goodto him, "What oil, his anointing putwith by wounds I truths. to bear that witness you God life?"I eternal havethat may his ting beast, takupon and him own lives, is that Christ, the that the Jesus

He was endeavoring no doubt to trap ing him to an inn, where he might Prophet Joseph Smith was a prophet of him, because the Master counterques- receive assistance. He left funds that God, and those who have succeeded

tioned him and said, "What is written he might be taken care of, and advised him as President of this Church down in the law? How readest thou?"the innkeeper that he would be back, through the years to our present Presiit additional took funds, and if he dent have O. David been men McKay shalt answered, "Thou lawyer The see gladly those that expenses divinely of inspired called our and all thy would with thy thelove Lord God defrayed. said, the were Master Then Father. Heavenly uphold and we May soul, with all thy andheart, with and of three, these thinkest "Which now sustain revealed truths the them, and all thy mind; strength,all with and thy

fell thou, that neighbour unto was him are Lord, of the to us given by which thyself."as neighbour thyand thieves?"the among to time, that time from them we may And the Savior said, "If you will do And the answer was, "He that shewdoers of the words, and not only listenbe

these things, thou shalt live."eth mercy on him."And there followed ers, I humbly pray in the name of the

Then trying to justify himself, the the great command of the Savior, which Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

m

place, to a young parking the I saw NOW IS THE was a little early. As I drove my car I closely, I looked reading. As man

saw it was the Book of Mormon that he was reading, and I walked quietly to the young the car, and man said, "Good

Kirkham."Brother DAY OF OUR morning,

And then his father extended his hand toward me, "Well, is this Brother SALVATION Oscar Kirkham?"

by Oscar A. Kirkham IHesaid,gave"Yes."his name and said, "My

son has just been reading the Book of

Oscar A. Kirkham OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY Mormon for me. We read together

the word of the Lord very often. We

of greatly the Book enjoy Mormon."I it is ly so impressed, blessings to near I was and the enjoy that pray may eight for years he blind a was man; He is I say, I to in that heart been Father. what have now my of Heavenly our conversathe in blind. been had And illiberty this to the taken bring have as doubt no impressed, you deeplyI of the told tion that followed he many lustration heard. midst: here very our from have the words we withhave, to grateful the that Lord things he was of that trained parent a well impressed had I by deeply who been haveAnd I for, recall: three "I of have one which faith children. this in then her and had I morning. seen havesomething at Universons Brigham Young down is this of salvation the our that sincerely so dayIt impressed has me their way. earned have They in future great of not benefit but time some it. now, the giveI to you want family."are very a happy sity.We 1 is of salvation the our of this This now. day Tabercondition crowdedIn the

nacle, there came at the beginning of the These things that are all about us, this This is the day of our salvation. That

service a mother with four children. is our opportunity to live, and to pracbrother will meet the tomorrow and

The usher provided a blanket for the tise the glorious teachings of the gospel. enjoy it to the full.

children to sit upon, and then the One or two things have come to me This is the day that we must be mindmother took a seat quite a way up the as I see this day of salvation, things that ful of, and devote our best to its many aisle. These children behaved themperhaps we might do. May the Lord blessings. Let us study prayerfully the

selves in splendid fashion. I thought bless me that I may be understood in words of God. The great Shakespeare,

how lovely it was for a parent to have their presentation. They are very simwhen asked by Bacon, "Where did you

such confidence and faith. And then ple things. The first is to study prayerget your inspiration for the great plays

I was thrilled when we all stood to fully the word of the Lord—study which you have written?", replied:sing "We Thank Thee, O God, for a prayerfully. That is the key to it—the "From the Psalms of David."I want

Prophet"to see these children, as if word of the Lord. to read just a few lines from one of

they stood in the Sunday School or 1 went to the North Jordan Stake these great psalms, the word of God.

Primary, sing with enthusiasm. So deepquarterly conference not long ago. I These lines have stood the test of time.

440 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA They are most worthy of our careful these words of counsel to his son Helalovely words are taken, this glorious reading and meditation. Here are man: admonition:

thy the Lord God and millions read humble; that been have bywords Be thou

. shall that whosoever I do know thee give and hand, thee lead shall by the finest in set of the music to someand trust shall in be supported. their. for put God 112:10.) C. prayers. (D. to thy & answer at recognize world. themthe You will trials, their troubles, their their in and and

once but read them again. There are afflictions, and shall be lifted up at the last God bless us. This one step we can

deep and beautiful inspirations in them. day. take today, tomorrow, and the next day:

Just the first few lines:... but behold I say unto you, that by Daily, prayerfully, read the word of

small and simple things are great things God. Live and enjoy the gospel of

The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not brought to pass; and small means in many Jesus Christ. Carry the word to a

instanceswant. his life be that doth confound the wise. (Alma friend may somewhere

36:3; 37:6.)

shall come, He maketh me to lie down in green and blessed. Then peace

pastures: he leadeth me beside still waters. And from a revelation given through God will love and bless us. Now is the

He restoreth my soul. (Psalm 23:1-3.) the Prophet Joseph Smith on the day day of our salvation. May the Lord

when the gospel was opened up in bless us, I humbly pray in the name of

Alma in the Book of Mormon gave England to Thomas B. Marsh, these Jesus Christ. Amen.

your chapels; they may deny you the

right to assemble in worship; but behind

your own doors you have the priesthood YOU ARE THE of God; and in your homes where the

priesthood of God exists, there is Zion.

And to you whose lives are committed to righteousness, I say unto you, You LEAVEN are Zion.

To you in South Africa, you who have by Matthew Cowley never had a visit from one of the leaders of this Church, I know that your prayers will one day be answered. To

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE you in South America who are strugMatthew Cowley gling to build yourselves into a mighty people on that great continent, which is precious in the eyes of God, I say, be strong. To you in the isles of the sea,

Themy strengthbrothers andI needsisters,on thismustoccasion,come tionsYou willto thisreadnationin theandreportedto this Church.sermons wouldI say untonot you,be standingwere it herenot forthisyou,day.I

from your faith and prayers in my delivered from this pulpit that this land To you in New Zealand, and when I behalf. I plead with you not to forsake is choice above all other lands. It is speak to you I speak to all those who

me. It is very difficult for me to talk only choice because from your shores dwell on those beautiful isles, were it

to a congregation which is not within have come your great, your humble, and not for you, implanting within my heart the range of my vision, but this morning your Godfearing men and women, and as a seventeenyear-old boy your simple

I would like to be oblivious to your they have brought from your shores the faith, your knowledge of God, your presence here in the Tabernacle, and to fundamental concepts which made it demonstration that the veil between God speak to those of us who live way out possible for the birth of the greatest and man can be very, very thin, I on the periphery of our great Church. paladium of human liberty that was wouldn't be standing here today at the

I have been impressed with a desire to ever written by the hand of man—the hub of Zion, speaking to you way down

do this since listening to the remarks of Constitution of the United States. And under, in this capacity. This is not my

President Stover last night. I would I want you to know that greater than calling alone, you good Maori people;

like to talk to you people in Great that has been your contribution to the this is yours.

Britain, in the Scandinavian countries, building up of Zion and her borders. You in the Hawaiian Islands who

in in CzechoHolland, Germany, missionto shores your come had have contributed Britain in have Great You Austria, Switzerland, slovakia, France, year, his sixteenth aries, in only who one this as of has leadership to the Church

Africa, Palestine, the AmeriSouth South this of leader Church, later the became of those veins nation. the other In no the nations, dwell within those can who I ator: revel seer, prophet, and noble a this over presided modern have who Pacific, in triangle the Polynesian great of island tell that that Maui on you courses. ScandiIn your blood kingdom,

fine in people, to those number, few and President George Canhe Q. great and where contribution navia, has been your

faroff Orient. the in great theophanies their and had contributed non magnificent. have You and

I I like to that to say you would know is spirit a there an and experiences, revelators. seers, In Gerprophets, and

is there this a in hearts that your day I, felt nowhere have atmosphere, which great educontributed have you many of this at to here the longing be hub all world. in else the all of to Saints, cators, great you and

great canlonging a you Church, which

I great say, areas, will in those faraway first the Tahiti, were in you who To I realize; pleased in sense a and not am

is that for to our you debt which you gosthe receive isles to sea of the the in fuldesire that that not do have you contributed. have heart goes dispensation, this in pel my are. filled. are needed you where You

hundred than a years you out. For more to stay you where this encourage as that you world know, know, we You We

of to listening this message been have there, where are needed because of you are birth of freedom, is in need a new and that a new birth of freedom cannot the light is going out, and we say to regeneration. You have contributed of

come without a new birth of righteousyou: Stay close together; attend your your tithes and your offerings, your

ness; and that you in your farflung meetings regularly, even though your widow's mite, and not one of you has

areas, away from this hub of Zion, are numbers may be limited by law to four yet come to a temple of God. You are

the leaven of righteousness. This will be or to two; stay together. Renew your worthy. God will reward you for your

the seed, we pray to God, which will covenants with God by partaking of the faithfulness and devotion. His princibear fruit and bring back to this desacrament, and I tell you that you canples are eternal, and in his kingdom

pressed and sordid world the freedom for not have your lights darkened because and his presence, that which you have which we all so earnestly pray. this work cannot be blacked out by the been denied in this life will be added

You have been great in your contribulegislation of man. They may close (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1952 441 Matthew Cowley Continued thatof myI brethrencan say tothatyouthatin whichbehalf weof mosthave experienced in life which makes it posunto you. Great has been your contriwill not fail you spiritually nor matesible for us to stand here and address

bution to the building up of this Church. rially. you as special witnesses, we received in

Australia, the great continent down And I leave my witness with you in our associations with you as young misunder, there where our people are scatall of your fair lands, that I know that sionaries. And again to you in New

tered over such a vast area, how great God loves you. He will attend you and Zealand I say: Because of you, because

has been your contribution! During the that which you do not hear as we speak of your kindliness, your humility, your

in great Salt conferences in our Lake years, war were misyou without when I stand faith, great can patience, your

City, in hear cotdo you your humble sionaries Zion, from your rose leadership lives, I that that here say God know and tage meetings, be, or wherever they may magnificently carried up and on. And I special wit- a of you, am and because in rented halls your reek which may sits there the of councils among the to you, All of his be Son. power ness stale tobacco with smoke, and which this of Church those day one missionaries who went to your shores many have been cleared of empty flasks and and God bless you forever, and bless us

years ago and whose testimony was beer bottles the night before. Those all, I pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

strengthened by you until it became an same testimonies you bear, and I believe Amen.

anchor to his faith. God bless you for

this great contribution.

You in faraway Japan were left alone for many years, but there had been implanted in your hearts a testimony of the restored gospel, and when the way was the missionaries opened to return up for KNOW FOR to you, they in found small you, though number and in membership, still faithful and devoted and loyal. You atHiroshima, where was felt the death YOURSELF

blow of the first atom bomb, and where aftersoon raised sign the you which by Mark E. Petersenshould ensign unto the be an world, not

written in your language, but in the language which all nations understand, Mark E. Petersen OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

the English language, "No more HiroIf allshimas."their could in write men

It as persecution, in grateful, forms. be brothers might and very am myhearts the of that sign words which It family. sisters, of case for of that the the Canadian opportunity meetstands over place the thatnow where

it or temptations, in might ing general be conference come might with you I reatom exploded, peace bomb would

I people uplift teachings of great again. receive form from in once a the alwaysturn to the earth in dwell regnant and

faith. like like I to destroy your conferences. these would would from who all hearts ofthe conmen. have You for those or too, to the those express temptations appreciation, Whentributed to the of this building much up false I teachings to receive blessing in or those that persecutions going yourkingdom could and words, hear you my to after stakes will courage be meeting the come, have Sunday, you SundayI tell could sits that there before you

Saints, purto real strengthen Latterday a people wonderful have you who is one at of theme now head one who it? faith help firm, to testimony stand pose and and by and my myof great our institutions of learning who

is told to the a accomplish which ago young work week me me man A aspent of years number you, among in trial to assigned to that me. the him about came spirit, of partook yourwho knows who

I refor this grateful of teachings school. the he words beyond Some am as industriousyou an people, knows who

I for great instructor testimony the Church, ceived had no from and an who inthat land, your there are weeds; no

I this of of divinity to the faith the work. have appeared weakened have am I thatand that actuates know much for of grateful privilege the of this doing faith a young man. his in greathim instilling in purpose

I little I this I in that sorry so help Church, hear about always may when amwithin the hearts souls of and the youngtry to to salvation out in help teachers schools public work our and who mysters this of community, a of knowledge theirs. to others of people. out faith our destroy the work youngthings are true, which received he under

I like It to ingrieves of again once This hear morning would always me influence.your

to address the young people of the stances like this. I know that the great

To you in faraway China I say: Keep Church. I love the young people. I am majority of the schoolteachers, themthe faith, be valiant; you will not be thrilled with their faith and their deselves, are wonderful people; they are

forgotten, and one day the missionaries votion. believers in God. Many of them are

will return to you. Yours is a light Last June I had the privilege of standdevoted students of the scriptures. But

shining in darkness. Keep it burning, ing here and talking with the young unfortunately, occasionally, we find a

and the Father of us all will bless you. people who came to the M.I.A. conteacher, whether in the field of philosGod bless you people out in these ference. I told them about a little ophy or science, who seems to take it

areas of the earth. And I testify to you family up in Canada, which had joined upon himself to destroy the faith of

that much strength comes from you to the Church, and as a result had sufour young people.

us, and if you remain strong where you fered great persecution. To bolster their I appeal to our young folk to realize

are, we will not become weak here at courage, this little family rewrote the that true science is not antireligion, the hub. In your hours of need, we will words to a hymn they used to sing, and and that there is no unity among the

do our best. We will keep our storemade one of the verses go like this: scientists with respect to many things

houses bulging with the necessities of Dare to be a Mormon; now being taught by some instructors

life, and when you need them, the Dare to stand alone; who interpret them to mean that there

to purpose Dare have a firm; is to Science has never come no God.freight cars will loaded, be the and

it to Dare known! make point, of understanding a unity on thatships'filled, will bottoms be and we

will send that over to you which you I invited the young people who were young people, so do not be disturbed by need. And we say to you, and I speak here last June to develop the same kind the godless teachings you may get in

for all, that where there is no power, of courage held by this wonderful the classroom.

where there are no facilities, where Canadian family, and in the face of all I would like you to know that some there is no program to save you maforms of opposition to stand firm and of the great scientists, many of them, in terially as well as spiritually, there is true to the faith. fact, are devoted believers in God, and

no power of God unto salvation. We That opposition might come in various {Continued on page 444)

442 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "What do you do with all the money you make?'7

Standard's income sometimes raises such comments as: You people do a lot of business.

You must be rolling in dough. What do you do

with all the money you make?"

The answer is a matter of public record.

But in brief—after we've paid for materials,

wages, employee benefits, and miscellaneous expenses... wear and tear on plants and equipment... interest on our longterm debts... and,

in the last 5 years, more than $405,000,000 in taxes—then what's left, the "money we make,"

goes this way:

Exploration here and abroad has cost us more than $229,000,000 in the last 5 years. Known crude

reserves are at an alltime high. But

these deposits were the easiest to discover. Though the earth holds

vast hidden reserves, it now costs millions to find each new field, to assure continuing supplies.

And finally, after setting aside funds for future operation, our more than 100,000 shareholders get what money remains—last year $2.60 a share, their

return on savings invested in Standard.

So almost all the "money we make"goes

We invest in research and technical right back into circulation.

service—more than $35,000,000 in

the last 5 years—to develop better ways

of finding oil, increasing the yield, cutting costs, creating new business. That

brings you new and improved products, with prices held down as we compete for your patronage.

We put funds into facilities—in

the last 5 years, more than $644,000,- 000. The need for oil products keeps

growing. Standard must replace old

wells, increase crude production; add

to the capacity of refineries, pipelines, tankers, and all other things we need to serve you well.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

plans ahead to serve you better

JUNE 1952 443 Mark E. Petersen Continued youBrotherto studyKirkhamthe stoodscripturehere prayerfully,and asked

I I for the talked. glad he was way of of this thesome preceded which twentieth declared have that advent them atheism investito also to appeal you an make

I live, in century bring the which can place wehas scientists. the no true among for yourself of gation gospel the about strictly to evidence date asking up by you glad to read I was long not in ago to a Christ. part of this I ask be you the sciendozen outstanding to name mostThis article Magazine, Week an by of research, study and tists by day making in today, America and then showing

Dr. Arthur H. Compton, a Nobel prize you that the great majority of them will a study and research of your own rewinner, who said this: bear testimony, not only to the complete ligion. Do not be ignorant of what

of lack fields antagonism the between glory of your Church teaches. The own Few scientific today defend the men science religion, of and their but to own is intelligence; there is no salvaof Godatheistic attitude. yet Never has there been religious fundamental convictions. in ignorance. tion refutationadequate of the argument that

design in the universe presumes an intelliSo young people, when you are faced When you go to school, you study gence. points Evidence to the or existence or chemistry mathematics some in your classrooms faithless by men whoof Beginner, a a Creator of the universe. foreign language. just take not do You stand before try to you destroy and physicist's studies lead toA believe him for teacher's the is given word what faith, your of think great these whatthis to Creator intelligent be an Being. The there. study mathematics, you When scientists said. have that Rememberintelligent has interest in an God reand actually the out equations work you Dr. even Millikan says that you canlationship it to is man, and reasonable working and out that by them know scientists the of top that the to nameassume world, he and would interested be in

creating a being intelligent like himself. he will show you that most of those they are true. And when you study

men not only believe in God but also chemistry, you learn about the truths

I was glad to get a copy of a little bear testimony of it. of that subject by actually performing

that experiments the are given to you, entitled,pamphlet Scientist "A Confesses I tell is there you nothing outmoded discover and by performing you them Faith,"His written Dr. by Robert A. faith about in God, and you when truth the principles of the are youMillikan. other things Among in that to school, go not to you need believe do taught.little Dr. pamphlet, says: Millikan is everything that told these by you

all But to school if you went your men, in whether philosophy or I think will you understand me life did not study and mathematics, classes. when I faithlessscience not do You needsay that have never a thinking known never to you would anything about know accept their alone. evidence if you And did not believeman who I in God. that subject, would you? go might You are disturbed their persistence by in

all life to school your learn never and teaching false these you things, just In speaking of the controversy between thing chemistry, one about unless you ask yourself is the question: thescience religion, Which and Dr. Millikan said studied chemistry. in you can be And scientist, greater instructor or your Dr. I elsesomething believe, which young

all life, this Church your never and A. Robert Millikan? yourself, Askpeople, who you should remember when this know unless teaches what Church is the greater scholar, instructor your of faithless, thesesome godless teachers

it. study or Lord Kelvin? is you yourself, Ask are trying who to destroywho your religion,

talk to you in your classrooms. Said the greater authority, your instructor Will you not.take the advice of

Dr. Millikan: or Dr. Arthur H. Compton, or some of Brother Kirkham and study your own

the other scientists who give the lie to religion? Open the pages of the Bible;

I am not going to place the whole blame the teachings of these men who say read there of the hand dealings of God for the existence of this controversy upon there is no God. to man. Read there of the life of the

misguided leaders of religion. reSavior. of his Learn The teachings. He I shall never I forget in a when was issponsibility a divided one, for science actually here earth, the was on and he

I class sociology the professor,is saw just a as often is misrepresented as religion taught principles the about men which short, little baldheaded, of vision, bewhiskeredby of men man, appreciation no heard have today you preand in the itsof limitations, in stand there of front of and imperfect class our compreand this ceding of days conference. ofhension real the it role actually which plays defy in us to believe in God. He

human life, by men who lose sight of all defied us to believe in a special creaAnd read the Book of Mormon. Study

spiritual its pages. values and therefore exert is inside what Know the an intion or that man is a child of God.

youthfluence upon unsettling, which is covers of that great book. And will

irreligious, essentially and I immoral. study am also you the revelations that are it I have always that understood was to itready is that admit quite as much given in that very small but great book, against to the discuss law religion in ofbecause the existence of scientists Pearl of It is Price? Great The almost of the schools. these But apparentlythat men type as of their counterparts in the people, unknown among yet and many claimfield privilege academic of of religion, kind, that the some fundamental conit contains of the some greatest revelatroversy flared I has academic freedom, it is it, today, think call up they and high

time that scientists recognize their share of in taking the right to destroy the very tions of God to man.

the responsibility, and take such steps as faith which the law prohibits us from And then, young people, will you they really life a study of the make of the can to remove their share of the teaching in the schools. public Andcause. Prophet Joseph Smith read the and it, do when they I think in they are

revelations that gave Disto him? God of spirit the of the law, just then And Dr. Millikan quotes Lord violation Smith. cover Joseph out Find what as if they as much rewere teaching asKelvin saying: motivated thrilled him. Be the with ligion. people, Young the remember

rest of as us read of story the you his great of the in believe world men God. I believe that the thoroughly more science going into the there woods and kneelingis studied, it the further does take us away faith get not do our science, from We asking light; for reand down in andfrom anything to comparable If atheism. I however, and will hope you never to sponse that prayer seeing the Father think stronglyyou enough, will you be take position the that must even we the and standing there Son before him,forced to by science belief a in God, which seriously regard science says what aboutis in not in of the dream, real all but some a foundation exreligion.

religion. Faith comes by revelation. No perience.

I was interested to note that Lord matter what science might do to proAnd then read of his visits with the religious faith, never it canKelvin's biographer said this: mote save Angel Moroni, a personage who came

Salvation a man. comes revethrough back from the dead to and ministered

It pained him [that is, Lord Kelvin], to lation and the power of God restored to Joseph Smith, gave him direction, and hear crudely atheistic views expressed by men in these last days. And that revelahelped him in the production of the

young men who is available. never had known the tion revelation has That of Book Mormon. read the And then existence. ofdeeper side come. of his The power God and of story and Oliver Cowdery Joseph

are priesthood now here among received men, Smith ministrations from who Further to quote Dr. Millikan: and salvation through comes them. Baptist, the Apostles, John the and

If I am accused of calling merely on the How much do you know about the Peter, James, and John.

testimony of the past, on the thinking revelations of God to man? When (Continued on page 446)

444 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA going to the conventions KSLs

Whoever wins the presidential nominations, you'll PROMISE RADIOS hear about it first on KSL Radio. Crack CBS newsMOST COMPLETE

CONVENTION COVERAGE!

men will be on hand at Chicago to report all the color and excitement of BOTH conventions. You'll

hear history in the making reported accurately,

completely, by radio's finest reporters: Edward R.

Murrow, Lowell Thomas, Don Hollenbeck, Charles

Collingwood, Bob Trout, and many others.

Republican Convention July 7, Democratic Convention July 21. At both conventions, CBS and KSL

Radio will win your vote for superior reporting.

JUNE 1952 445 as you work in the Church, if you will

Mark E. Petersen continued pray, as Brother Kirkham asked of you,

then the Lord will bless you with a

Read the story of these two men as that he lived; and they did not have knowledge of the truth of these things.

they knelt in the Kirtland Temple in to take anybody else's ideas nor You will receive a testimony, and you prayer, and there suddenly came before hypotheses pertaining to it. will know for yourself that God does

them a glorious vision. In the Kirtland After his appearance there came other live, that Mormonism is true, that the

Temple, here in the United States of glorious personages, Elijah, Moses, Elias. Savior has a modem ministry, and that

America, stood the Savior, the Redeemer Why, this Dispensation of the Fulness we are a part of it.

of the world. They saw him and of Times is so filled with actual ex-

a Mormon, to betalked him. with experience one periences with Dare That have had which men

alone, to stand Dare all worth philosothose the ofwas than testimonies more the with God, and firm, purpose to a have Darephies scientific theories doubt. and that to that need not men, do you men it known. to make Dare

all in producedhave time. well, for as yourself saw They know You may

him; they heard his voice; they knew because as you study these things, and I humbly pray in Jesus'name. Amen.

*J)ixlk J>6eiiion SUNDAY AFTERNOON, APRIL 6, 1952

ACCEPTANCE OF CALL

TO COUNCIL OF IHE TWELVE

by LeGrand Richards

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

LeGrand Richards

suppose -only the men on this stand here in a similar position and said, office, I would never get another, but can know what has gone through my "My soul is subdued."I do not know who knows what might happen now?

I mind and my heart since President what it takes to subdue the soul of a I have loved my work with the youth

McKay called me to his office following man, but for the past two hours, I have of this Church, and with the Aaronic the morning meeting. been trying to figure out how I could Priesthood, and for a time we had the

I first want to tell you that I am proud measure up and not disappoint you girls'program. And we have lived to

that Brother Wirthlin has been called people, and not disappoint the Lord. see some real achievement in the work

as the Presiding Bishop of this Church. How grateful I feel to the brethren, with these boys. When we came into

He and I have labored side by side for President McKay and his Counselors, the office fourteen years ago, many a fourteen years, and I doubt if any two that they have enough confidence in ward was still using the Melchizedek men have ever been closer to each other me to nominate me for this position, Priesthood in the administration of the than we have been. He is a noble and that the Quorum of the Twelve, sacrament. We tried to get the Standard

character, and he is as true and loyal knowing that I should become one of Quorum Award going. We could hardly

to this Church as any man I have ever them, sustained them in the nominaget a quorum to get twentyfive percent met. If we ever questioned the instruction. of the boys to attend sacrament meettion of the brethren, he would say, And I thank you for your sustaining ing. And now the average for the

"Well, you know, if the brethren were vote here this day, and I pledge you all entire Church is fortyone percent. It

to tell us to put the Presiding Bishop's the strength and ability that the Lord is not much to boast about, but it is

Office up on Ensign Peak, there it would has given me to continue to help build up a long way to what it was.

go."That is the kind of faith he has. up his kingdom on the earth. And the girls were up to fiftyfive perAnd I have learned to love Brother I thank God for the opportunities cent, so they have to help the boys along

Isaacson so much in these few years, that I have enjoyed of working among a little, or the boys will not be worth five and a half years, that he has served you, and in his Church, the missions their marrying a little later on when as my counselor, and I am so happy that I have been able to fill, and the they want companions.

that Brother Wirthlin saw fit to choose other sundry odd jobs, because I truly The growth of the Church during him to stand by his side. love the work more than anything else these fourteen years has been tremenAnd I love Brother Buehner. I have in this world, and I know it is true. I dous. I have been privileged to travel

only been out with him once or twice, could live better without the limbs of around the stakes of Zion, and it seems but I think they have made a wondermy body than I could without the to me that every conference I attend, ful choice. testimony of the Holy Ghost and the they say it is the largest crowd they

Now I want to pay a tribute of reSpirit of the Lord. have ever had. The way the brethren

spect and an expression of deep appreciaWhen I returned from my first mishave been dividing the wards and stakes tion to the employees of the Presiding sion, I was called to speak in my ward. is indicative of the growth of the Church.

Bishop's office. We have some won- I told the Saints that the greatest desire In tribute to the faithfulness and the

derful help there, and they have been I had in my heart was that I might be integrity of the Latterday Saints, I want so loyal and willing to do anything we able so to live now that I was home, to give you two or three figures of what have ever asked them to do. I should that I could enjoy the same spirit I has happened since we came into the

like to name them, but the list would had enjoyed in the mission field. And Presiding Bishop's office.

be too long. God bless them in their I added, I hope the Lord will send me The membership of the Church in

further responsibilities in that office. on a mission just often enough so I that time has increased 46.1 percent.

I cannot find words to express what can keep that spirit. Maybe that is The tithes of the Church have in the

is in my heart. I think of what Brother the reason I filled four missions. I same length of time increased 653.3

Alonzo Hinckley said when he stood thought when I got in the bishop's percent.

446 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Stock your cupboard with plenty ofpure Uand I Sugar now

CANNING TIME is just around the corner

The first of the canning fruits are now coming on the market, so it won't be long before you'll

be lining your pantry with shimmering jellies and fresh fruits, jams, and conserves. The next

time you're at your grocers, buy an extra bag of pure U and I Sugar so you'll have it at your finger tips when you're ready to start canning.

U and I Sugar is perfect

for canning

U and I acts as a preservative. It helps to

conserve essential vitamins. It points up the

true flavor of fruits and berries and protects their natural color and texture. And, of AND |course, pure U and I is an important nutrient \}

in itself... pound for pound, our cheapest

source of food energy. When at your grocers, ask him for a FREE copy

of U and Is new CANNING JAR LABEL BOOKLET!

JUNE 1952 447 it went out the window the same way.

LeGrand Richards Continued I remember one man past his eighties, servgovernment the in had been who

Fortysix percent increase in memberThat is what Paul meant when he the streets and down ice, walking up ship, 653.3 percent increase in tithing, said of those who have tasted of the and lanes in Holland for years and years

and then you say the Latterday Saints power of the world to come, and then of his life, and all he had for a comdo not have faith. fallen away, it is impossible to renew panion and friend was his cigars. He

And then you add to that what the them again to repentance, which gave chewed them instead of smoking them.

brethren reported to have already understood that during understand Paul me gospel and the he heard when And this conference taste of of the gifts of the Saints this life, in that could men away; converted, them he laid became

that are not counted as tithes, and I say the powers of the world to come. Surely he used to chew a little licorice root to

the Saints are wonderful. God bless that was what Paul experienced when take the place of the cigars.

them everywhere for their faith and he stood before Festus and Agrippa, I never hear of men like the one the for their integrity. there in chains as he was, and bore stake president referred to but what

I never a stake ministration of from the the come conwitness home and converted only were they think—if I ference but of say to the what appearance Savior to him on my wife, not have to they the truth, would the Ito

"You just have to get out in this Church way to Damascus, how he had seen be asked to quit their tobacco. I could

to know the power of the Lord that is the light, and heard the Voice saying, not help thinking the other night when it."in in anyone the could world How of.. missionary this demonstration Saul, persecutest Saul, thou had me? why we

familiar be the with Church and what it is for against to kick thee the if of hard the Church.... every work, member

it is spirit doing, the the and and power 9:4-5.) pricks. (Acts it, all it the hear see and could and

is it in it,that think that and comes not of the Church, would we youth after Festus Agrippa and had And to from man! have would be a He transgression. so have much said, listened, Festus brightvery wouldn't he? man, before I thought another have

The fast offerings in that time inPaul, thou art beside thyself;'much learnclose. You remember what the LordI

creased 230 percent. There have been ing doth make thee mad. said to Peter, he said,

65 new stakes of Zion added; 458 wards, But he said, I am not mad, most noble

and 73 new independent branches. Festus; but speak forth the words of truth... Simon, Simon, behold, Satan hath

I thought these figures might interest and soberness.... desired to have you, that he may sift you

you and show that the Saints are comThen Agrippa said unto Paul, Almost as wheat.

ing along pretty well. thou persuadest me to be a Christian. But I have prayed for thee, that thy

Now, brothers and sisters, if there is (Ibid., 26:2428.) faith fail not: and when thou art conbrethren. (Luke strengthen thy verted, I of,anything that sure than more am

in chains, there he his 22:3132.) and And was

it is else inanything the world, that this, like reply "I something would was is is It this divine. work the not work

sisters, all to the thou, I tell that not brothers only but God, you, and men is It of of the man. work the God,

I as coneverywhere are these save were am, Saints becoming Latterday is it,Eternal Father, his in and power their that chains hold are strengthening (See bound."verted, they and me I tell all in sincerityand that you the

Ibid., is spirit the 26:29.) there That what not be a brethren, but would man Ghost, the thatHoly Comforter the

Savior promised to send to guide us in of the Lord does. or a woman in all Israel who would

all truth and bring things to our reAnd you remember when Jesus apever buy a pound of tea or coffee or a to peared people the here in in or tobacco, America, or a cigaret cigar any is just realitymembrance, a as much his resurrection, if estabfollowing converted. only and they form, wereto just as necessary for our wellme and

said, lished his of Peter. just Church think and ministered among You Hebeing as the that in shines sun the

I historian thee, says the joys that forsake the all the world "Though is toheavens the seed that in them, is sown their that filled write Savior could the thee."pen souls no But will not forsakethe ground, the plants and as they

express. that the tongue he that he thought though even And knew I forth.germinate and come the nor know

gives thing to serve the quite those conLord not converted was he whois was is thepower of in this Ghost Holy is of service that him, the joy there the so verted. and remember you how AndChurch.

the his sent Lord servants When out is Ain thisfew Church.weeks ago I attended a Saviorcrow, hesaidwouldthat denyere theJesuscockthrice,shouldandin this day, told he they them were not

going to be taught of men, but to teach stake conference, and a stake president he did. And he was the first one to

visits told fishing,"to he two say, 21:3) "I go had made me about (see Johnthat give which he would unto them

of Priestthe Aaronic an adult after Savior the member was crucified, but when ofby the power Ghost. the Holy I do

not know very much about the philosohood, to try to induce him to quit his tohe had remained at Jerusalem accordthat receive so until bacco he might to Savior's the Melthe he ing command, I ofphies men, but that know God chizedek Priesthood to be prepared and from power with on been endowed hadcreated the feelings of the heart human of the go to house his the with Ghost, Lord high, the then he went Holy soul,and the that and human I know family; said fearless lion, he forth unhe he and as a been had and when of a has bringing joyGod way and

this successful. I said presito stake So that should he no was commanded intohappiness souls the 'of men, when

it dent, ever to in that crucified occur "Did preach you Christ you and him more after seekthey him, they and when enjoy the gift of the Holy Ghost, far might have been getting the cart before the streets of Jerusalem, he replied:

beyond anything that men can purthe horse, so to speak? If you would "Whom shall man obey? God or man?"

chase with their money. go to that man and teach him the And you will remember that finally he

I have been in homes of rich people. gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ, and rejected the privilege of being crucified

I have never seen any tears of joy shed he would become converted, you would with his head up, because he thought to not ask to quit crucified his as need tobacco."to not worthy be him he wasbecause of anything they could purchase

of into the his I think Lord. many, homes was many their Iwith money, but been in have

I I if sisters, field. in the mission Brothers which could just went and we ofgroups missionaries of groups and

Saints, when for hours at a time there have in mind one now. The first night get the Holy Ghost, the testimony of

was not a dry eye there; just because there, because we would not smoke with the spirit in the hearts of all Latterthe spirit of God was there. Like them, and we could not drink their day Saints, we would not have'any

Nephi of old said, coffee with them, the man said, "Well, of them saying that we harp too much

I would never join your Church."Well, on the Word of Wisdom. After all,

[the Lord] hath with He filled me it. discuss did of not the his we gave Wisdom Word God

love, flesh. the even unto consuming of my for until any so live got a few weeks, more us help to we God his commandII(See 4:21.). Nephi

little farther a along. that his Spirit, him enjoy ments when And may we

I feel sorry for Latterday Saints if we got a little farther along, we did that we may ever be found walking in they have never felt that power, and not have to ask him to lay away his his ways, and keeping his commandthat blessing, unto almost the concoffee; it just disappeared. We did not ments, I humbly pray, in the name of

sumption of their flesh. have to ask him to quit his tobacco; the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

448 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA OFFICIALLY RECOGNIZED

VOIT 8|"!?&. V0ITXB20 \

CUSTOMBUILT RUBBERCOVERED RUBBERCOVERED BASKETBALL BASKETBALL For Champions to be.. For Champions Today..

America's finest offical basketball for indoor,

America's most popular basketball. Recogchampionship play.

nized by school officials, coaches and parents Unexcelled performance, coupled with unas the finest, moderately priced basketball for equalled durability, has been proved in actual rough indoor or outdoor use. Used for 16 game use by some of the nation's leading

years by over 100,000 U. S. schools. Absolutely teams. Retains absolutely official performance

official in weight, shape, size and performance. up to 3 times longer than any other type of

Gives from 3 to 6 times longer wear on any championship basketball. This is the ball that

playing surface. is making basketball history!

*195253 High School, College and A.A.U. Rules permit tested, proved

rubbercovered basketballs to be used in game play upon mutual consent of competing teams. The Voit XB20 has been tested and proved and has been

sanctioned by the rules committees. The Voit XB20 is the only rubbercovered

basketball approved by the National Junior College Athletic

Association for official regional and national play in 195253.

Stmc&onedbif

NEW YORK 10, CHICAGO 10, LOS ANGELES 11 c?fiw%6C%Z Qw&t c/t/i/etic Soeiyb/nettt

JUNE 1952 449 Father and the Son, and I accepted that story without any reservations.

She taught me with reference to

Jesus Christ and his divine mission. She An Inheritance taught me to honor the men who stand

at the head of this Church as prophets, seers, and revel ators. And as I have

lived and grown older in life, I have found that her teachings were right, Of Faith that they are true, and because of her

I owe to this great organization a servgive will the Lord I pray me which by Joseph L. Wirthlin ice

in such to render a way strength the

PRESIDING BISHOP that those who have asked me to accept

Joseph L. Wirthlin this position will be satisfied, that I

will please the Lord, and please you, 'y beloved brethren and sisters, I from a physical point of view for the my brethren and sisters.

approach this task with mingled acceptance of the gospel of the Lord I have been blessed with a fine comIff feelings this afternoon. The one Jesus Christ. panion, my dear wife. I remember the

difference between Bishop Richards'and My Swiss grandfather came into the time in the early years of our married my situation has been that I was asked valleys of the mountains in destitute life when it was a struggle, and I labored to visit President McKay last night at circumstances. He married his Swiss in the bishopric of my ward; she gave

fivethirty. Hence the turmoil in my sweetheart and took her to a mansion me encouragement. Many times I have

soul has existed for twentyfour hours, out on Eighth East and South Temple come home from work late. My clothes

prepared. spread meal was for lived out, my his in they two were case, he has only hadwhereas a dugout—where

clothes, it quickly, I ate changed and it. years. in of the gosBut they were happytwo hours

I would like to say that this change pel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In a visited in the ward until late at night,

has brought about an end of one of short time my grandfather was called arose early the next morning before my the sweetest experiences that I have on a mission to Switzerland. children were awake, and went to

ever enjoyed. The last fourteen years At that time they had three children. work.

in association with Bishop Richards has He accepted the call without any reserFor days at a time I did not see my been a great source of inspiration, joy, vations. They had no resources exchildren when they were awake. So this

and happiness for me. cept the family cow, and that was sold companion of mine has the credit of

I found him to be a man of great to the end that his traveling expenses rearing our family, and since I have faith. He has an abundance of humility, might be paid, and my grandmother been in the Presiding Bishopric, being

and in his heart of hearts there is a sewed salt sacks for one dollar a thouaway for weeks at a time, she has taken great love for all people. There has sand in order to sustain her family and over, and has done a great service as far

been a beaten trail to his door over help her husband who was out preachas my family is concerned, and I say, the years by those who have been in ing the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. "God bless her."

distress, and they have never left his My English grandfather was a man In connection with this work I realoffice emptyhanded or without some of great faith. As a young man he had ize that I am following a great leader.

inspiration and encouragement. And as the feeling in his heart that the gospel I know of no man who has had at heart

he leaves us, we shed tears at our partof the Lord Jesus Christ must be upon the welfare of the youth of this Church ing, but we are only two floors apart. the earth somewhere, and that the more than Bishop LeGrand Richards.

It was just fourteen years ago this Church of Jesus Christ could be found. As a bishopric, we have counseled long

month when the telephone rang in my So he prayed to the Lord earnestly and often together in the endeavor to office, and someone said, "President that he might find the Church and the find means and ways whereby greater

Grant would like to speak to you."gospel. Finally one Saturday night beservice might be rendered to the Aaronic

I answered the phone. The President fore retiring, he knelt down and asked Priesthood of the Church.

said, "This is Heber J. Grant. We are the Lord in faith whether or not the Bishop Richards has received the inreorganizing the Presiding Bishopric toChurch was upon the earth, and if it spiration of the Lord's holy spirit, and

day. LeGrand Richards has been asked was, could he find it. rightly, too, for he has lived a life that

to accept the position of Presiding BishDuring that night he had a dream, qualifies him for the association of the op, with Marvin O. Ashton as his first and in the dream he saw a street in Spirit, and out of it plans have been

counselor, and we are asking you to the city where he lived, and in that provided whereby both the young men take the position of second counselor."street there was a hall, and in that hall and young women of the Church have

I was shocked, and I suggested to the two men were preaching the gospel of been stimulated to draw nigh unto the

President I should like to talk to him the Lord Jesus Christ. Lord.

about the matter. When he awoke the next morning, I have three sons. I love them with

He then declared, "There are only he was so impressed by the dream that all my heart, and I have the same love thirty minutes before the next session he got up, dressed, and went to the for the young men over whom we now of the conference takes up, and I want street, found the hall, and there found have the responsibility and privilege of to have some rest. What do you say?"two servants of God preaching the gospel presiding.

I answered "Yes,"and I have never of the Lord Jesus Christ. He came to Brethren and sisters, I recognize that

regretted having answered yes to that this country amidst hardships. Because the Presiding Bishopric has a great recall and all calls that have come to me of the faith of these forefathers of mine, sponsibility in the matter of seeing that

in this great organization. I am here, living in peaceful valleys, home teaching is carried on in the

I think of Bishop Ashton today. I in the shadows of great mountains, and, Church. This great priesthood assignlearned much from him. He had a above all, within hearing of the voice ment from the Lord makes it clear to us

heart that was full of kindness and love of the latterday prophets. that it is the teacher's duty to watch over

for all mankind. I say, "God bless his So I owe to them a debt—a debt of the Church always, to be with them and

memory."gratitude, and a debt that can best be strengthen them, to see that there is

This great honor that has come to me paid in service to this great cause. I no iniquity in the Church, backbiting,

today I accept as a tribute reflecting was blessed with wonderful parents, a or evil speaking, to see that they attend back to those who made it possible for father who taught me the importance to their meetings, and that all of them me to enjoy all the blessings of this of integrity and virtue, and a mother do perform their duties.

great Church. of great faith—a mother who taught The word all has impressed upon me

I think of my Swiss grandfather and me the lessons of the gospel of the Lord the fact ihat under no consideration grandmother, my English grandfather Jesus Christ at her knee. She taught are we as the teachers of the Church,

and grandmother, who paid a dear price me the story of the visitation of the (Continued on page 452) 450 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The

Westerner

.. the magazine that gives you News and

Knowhow for Better Western Living,.

at Home, in tAe GaAdm, and on iAe FoAm

Information please!

You'll find the information most helpful for western living when you read "The Westerner."

This new "howto-doit"magazinetype section of the Sunday Deseret News is chockfull of interesting, helpful fixit information on those jobs around the home, in the garden and on the farm.

Hobbyists enjoy such features as George Bakers

Camera column offering tips on better picturetaking in the scenic West.

It's a section you'll want to save!

Read it every Sunday in your /ff$fIT WMW

JUNE 1952 451 priesthood: "Prophets of God, I thank

Joseph L Wirthlin Continued you for your counsel. I thank you for

your blessings."

as the servants of God, to teach the will depend entirely upon how much Brethren and sisters, these men stand several and see that they do their duty, intelligence we gain in this life, and in relationship to the Church as did but to see that all of them do their duty. how much of it we apply in our lives Peter, James, and John. They are the

So, with this great assignment resting from day to day. We are all candidates servants of God. The light of inspiraupon the shoulders of the Presiding for the celestial kingdom, and if we tion and revelation rests upon them

Bishopric, with the help and support gain that knowledge and apply it in our mightily. That is my testimony. And

of the Melchizedek and Aaronic priestlives, there is no question but what we what I say about them is equally true hoods, we should be able to provide the will inherit the celestial kingdom. of these twelve witnesses to the world,

teaching of the gospel in every home, to I sincerely trust that we may have an the Twelve Apostles. Every one of

watch over every home, to be with the interest in your faith and prayers. For these men represents the Church as

families of the Church, strengthening these two grand men who will stand at Christ would have it represented. They

them in their faith, testimony, loyalty, my side, I have deep respect and love. have my love, and they have my respect,

and devotion to the Church. Bishop Isaacson has proved his worth, and they have my support. The same

The greatest authorities on the sciand when I discussed with him the is equally true of the brethren, the ence of teaching indicate the best teachmatter of remaining with me as one of Assistants to the Twelve, and members ing is done where the listeners have my counselors, he said, "I don't want of the First Council of the Seventy, and an opportunity to participate in the disyou to feel that you have to take me. the Patriarch to the Church. And I

cussion. If there is someone else you would rather would have you know that we of the

As of February of this year, a plan have, feel free in selecting him."BrethPresiding Bishopric are your servants.

has been worked out where the ward ren and sisters, knowing him as I do, If there is anything we can do to help teachers leave in each home a small knowing his faith, knowing of the great stake presidents and bishops with their slip on which is printed the topic or work that he has done with the adult problems, we invite them to come and doctrine to be discussed during the commembers of the Aaronic Priesthood, counsel with us.

ing month, and therewith are several knowing something of his fine judgment, I pray that the Lord will bless us that scriptural references. This is an invi- I just felt that I could not give him up. we will be united in all of our entation to the families of this Church to In Brother Buehner, I recognized a deavors, for I know that this is the

prepare for the visit of the ward teachers, great youth leader, a man who accomChurch of the Christ. I am just as sure

to know something about the subject plished a great work as stake president, of that as I live. The visitation of the

to discuss and enter into the discussion a man who has splendid judgment, a Father and the Son to Joseph Smith is freely. We have the hope that the man of humility. So I feel that with a reality to me, not a dream. And the

teachers of the Church will be fully these two men by my side, with an invisitation of John the Baptist, and Peter, prepared, and as they enter each home, terest in your faith and prayers, and with James, and John, and all of the heaventhe family will know of the preparathe help of our brethren, the First Presily beings who visited the Prophet, givtion made because of the intelligent dency, the Council of the Twelve, and ing him the keys wherein the gospel discussion that will follow under the the Council of the Seventy, and with was restored in its simplicity and its direction of the Lord's holy spirit. the help of the Lord, we can fill the fulness, and finally the establishment

I am convinced that there are many assignments that have been given to us. of the Church as it existed in the days

young people in this Church who have I couldn't help feeling the other mornof the Christ, are all realities to me.

questions in their minds relative to the ing, after President McKay had finished There is no question about it.

gospel of the Lord Jesus. that great address, to say in my heart, And I pray that the Lord will bless

Only the other day a sixteenyear- "Prophet of God, thank you for that me that I shall be built up in my faith.

old boy asked his father, "What is the revelation."I had that same thought That he will forgive me of my weakHoly Ghost? What form is it in? What in my mind last night when the three nesses, that I shall have his spirit with

are its functions? Do the General Aumembers of the Presidency stood up and me always, I humbly ask in the name of

thorities of the Church receive revelacounseled the great multitude of the Jesus Christ. Amen.

tions through the Holy Ghost?"These

are all intelligent questions, and they are pertinent. They indicate that this

sixteenyear-old boy was thinking.

In any Church family where the gospel principles and doctrines are studied, OIR TESTIMONIES the questions of the youth can be answered fully and particularly in the presence of the ward teachers, the servants of God. INCREASE

"The glory of God is intelligence."

(D. & C. 93:36.) If we are going to

have a house of God in our homes, it must be a house where we study the WITH WORK

Christ, of gospel the Lord Jesus and as by Carl W. Buehner

in our homes, knowlgain knowledge we edge of the gospel, then the glory of OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC

God will be in that home. His Spirit Carl W. Buehner

will be there in rich abundance. There

will be the spirit of love and peace and dear brethren and sisters, I didn't chairman of a region in this great welgood will. And finally when we have know a healthy man's legs could fare program of ours,.and until a few

so of the a such ago short minutes wobble much in I was a member in life, here finished our course as we Mydistance. the of never general welfare I have committee humble I am mansion promised a on the have been

other side, for the Christ said, been humble before. I love this great Church.

Church, and I love these great men that I can promise this to Bishop Wirthlin are Father's mansions: In house many as preside over my I we know men will Isaacson, that to Bishop do and it—these

it if told so, you. have were not I would Authorities of the I the General Church. as that to ask do everything they me

for to you. a place prepare go

it. I I as to strength long I I would do have experience, and a great have had

... also. that ye be where I am, may

this great for tracks in it, working drop for in in the working thank my them 14:2-3.) (John

I I of love that I nothing Church. of know the organizations have Church.

Brethren and sisters, the heavenly had the privilege of being a bishop, of more; I know of no work that I would

mansion of which the Savior speaks being a stake president, of being the {Continued on page 454) 452 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Whatever kind of work you do...

up to 14/o

...MORE SPEEDHAULING P0WERJ00!

Now! Three new Ford Truck Engines

feature LOWFRICTION, highcompres- sion, overhead valve design for more power and greater economy! r-**Sw|

Ordinarily, friction in truck engines "wastes"power equal to about 4,200 miles for every 10,000 miles of truck travel. Now three new Ford Truck engines liberate much of this power "waste"

by reducing friction up to 30%! Result: SERIES F-7 BIG JOB is truck leader among the "extra

you save up to 1 gallon of gas in every 7! heavies"! It's rated for 38,000 lbs. G.C.W. New 145-h.p.

Cargo King V-8 develops more power per cu. in. than any

Only Ford gives you a choice of V-8 other gasoline truck engine built by major truck or Six in five great truck engines to fit producers. Shortstroke design cuts piston travel

your power needs more exactly! And in 20%—reduces engine wear! 5-speed transmission. 15in. by

life. binations—fromFord's line of over halfton275 series Pickupspower comto 5-in.cleansdoubleevery cylinderdrop of oil—prolongsrear brakes. FullFlowengine oil filter

155-h.p. Big Jobs there's a truck that's

right for your hauling job!

NEW bVzTt. PICKUP offers one of the FORD F-6 tractor with special Cargo F-8 BIG JOB with special high rack

biggest bodies in the halfton field trailer. G.C.W. rating 28,000 lbs. freight body. 155-h.p. Cargo King

plus low 2-ft. loading height. Choice Singleor 2 -speed rear axle. Choice of V-8. Choice of five wheelbases. Big

of 101-h.p. LowFriction Six, or 106-h.p. V-8 or 112-h.p. Big Six... tires—up to 10.0020 12ply. 22,000

famous 106-h.p. Truck V-8. both with Power Pilot economy. lbs. G.V.W. Air brakes available.

Availability of equipment, accessories and trim as illustrated is dependent on material supply conditions.

- LOOK at this 144page Final - FREE! MAIL THIS COUPON NOW!

Results Book and see how little FUmRESDlirS Ford Division of Ford Motor Company it costs to run a Ford Truck 3326 Schaefer Rd., Dearborn, Mich. in your kind of work. It has FORD TRUCK

send without or obligation, charge complete me cost reports on running 50 E(XMJMYRIIH Pleasedetails on the Ford Trucks new the five for '52 and trucking. of million miles See Engines! great Ford Truck

it at your Ford Dealer's now!

FULL LINE HEAVYDUTY MODELS LIGHT MODELS EXTRA HEAVYDUTY MODELS D

Name. (please print plainly)

Address.FORD TRUCKS for'52

Check here if student D cost still less to run City..State.

JUNE 1952 453 rather do than serve in this Church.

After all, I am only a humble elder in the Church; my father and motherwere converted by two Mormon elders A

in the old country, and when they came to this country in 1900, they brought with them two little children, and I children.was one of those Elder Thomas SURE

brother Presi- E. McKay, of our great

dent, said that he held me in his arms in the old country, and that my father and mother were the first ones to givehim dinner when he came to that secFOUNDATION tion of the country as a missionary about 1898. And if there is one thing

that I will always remember about my ElRay L. Christiansen by ElRay L. Christiansen

good parents, it is that they remembered all their lives why they came to Salt ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Lake City. They were faithful members

of this great Church. We were taught

as youngsters live, should how we if we haven't followed in their footsteps and WithI takeyou,greatmyjoybrothersin sustaining,and sisters,in a tionedand likethisAdam,morning,as Presidentto knowClarkwhatmenour and if we haven't amounted to anyreal sense, these valiant servants of Father desires should be sufficient.

thing as sons and daughters of those so themselves the Lord proven have Abraso who as with with Adam, Andfine it is parents, certainly their not I their past. in in sustain the well sacrithem great the matter how ham—nofault.

all heart. positions with did new equivocate. fice, my not did He he

didn't to have asked be to to go We questions. ask did hesitate. not not After of He three evenings days and twoChurch; always I we with went them. sisters, that I brothers we and hope, inspiring of the hearing the remarks my as little that itremember a boy was my faith this in our our and I approach us, can addressed brethren have can whoresponsibility every Saturday to shine the serve Lord. to determination assure the that comfort only you onethe shoes of father all and my my is gets stage at this that comfort the to the are, exposed however, We I lot a of had brothers.brothers—and from that that comes knowing of which practices the the philosophies and didn't that do onWe Sunday morning;

to say thought adehe has been more intrigued become sometimes world, andit all was done Saturday; on and Sunday expressed quately could he than have innovations certain which many withmorning the shined shoes all were put

it. is situation. given That the are my us think people have wouldon, all and to went we Church.

I'll appreciate always that I learned I think we have had a most wonderful things to do. Therefore, we need to be

of to the time time from reminded in that there conference have been Ito work. the was eldest of the famfirst really to count, put things sobriety, seriousness which of earnestpurpose,ily, as and family our grew, parents my

first, all to love the Lord things it with of feeling, to ness seems me, a and quitehad struggle a in their early days in making a livelihood. As we became desire on the part of everyone to accept our hearts and with all our might and

old enough, we had to learn how to do that which has been given us. The with all our strength.

something ourselves. As I grew old words that were given to one of the We Latterday Saints need not subenough to go to high school, I loved characters by William Shakespeare seem scribe to those practices which are around

athletics as much as I did anything to express my feeling: us, of which we have been warned in

else, conference. minimize not I finally need and the privilege had We of

lends God, who ideals religious standardsplaying me life, lend me a thisthe which football and basketball and and soul replete thankfulness. with for tobaseball to us heed and have been set other up things, and but I think

as of follow. "lovers a not be at need freshman I high school We the was 1 sisters, hope, brothers that and myfirst lovers of as pleasure left than God,"more man the football who practice

here, go us, can of from we each withfield said in that the world has and Paul hurriedly many took a shower and replete soul "a for thankfulness"with (II last toran these days. in Tim. be I would so that home my could be the of blessings are abundance whichworking in 3:4.) not should need not be our and back yard We when my for ours; truth the for have; which wefather selfsufficient, came but nor "highminded"It from home work. was authority the to in act of the the nameonly a years after, few Latterday true as Saints should walk that we father my officiate to Lord in his and name, andaccompanied to me before the many games Lord humbly and remember and thereboy bring salvation alone to notwatched of some younger brothers. my is that our he God. ourselves to but loved our to ones and it Well, has been great a experience. If be submissive, can humble and we all call. those will the heed whoI love these I men, will and all I do easily gentle entreated, will and we I in should be as thankful,can sure am humble We my and weak to way in strength stature in grow and be andassist all are, in for them every these I inspired we If I can. way men who

have any disappointment, I think it lead and direct us in such a splendid able to meet the vicissitudes of life, and would be in Brother Romney, that he way. to withstand the "... evils and designs

let exist will leave in which do and the the hearts me welfare just committee If into I could condense a few wordsat the time I of conspiring last in the when thought days"men I could of this it general conference, themehelp little. a him trained They (D. have 89:4), been urged & C. as we like this: be something me thewould Forsakefor little a over a year and just had do. to

practices vain of the serve world andgiven a me position new I the wherein There is an old Spanish proverb is of land, the the Christ. Jesusthought God who I might be helpful, and here

says, whichtoday that if has work here can go been terminated, from heeding we Now,

Iand have a position in new the Church. that this general thought, conference

that loseth loseth wealth, He much. He I love the of youth the Church, and will have often produced much. I have loseth that friends, loseth more. But heI love folk. I you hope and that pray Latterday Saints wondered should why loseth spirituality, that all. losethtogether will as we a move mighty army, to constantly be need admonished when thatand this great will Church grow It is to seems declare that in there testimony in can a depresme and we prosper.and is testimony this, that My

as we work in this Church, so will our truth that God lives and that Jesus is sion on spiritual things. We are in a

testimony increase, and so will the Lord the Christ, that Joseph Smith was an worldwide "spiritual depression."As I

love us and his blessings be with us. instrument in his hands in restoring the go about and observe the conduct of

May it be so, I pray humbly in the name gospel. I have very often thought that many men and women, this seems all

of Jesus Christ. Amen. that should be sufficient for any of us, the more convincing. And we are told

454 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA... the whole world lieth in sin, and

groaneth under darkness and under the sin. ofbondage LONG A DREAM this And by you may know they are

under the bondage of sin, because they not untocome me. TODAY IT COMES TRUE

For whoso cometh not unto me is under the bondage of sin.

And whoso receiveth not my voice is not acquainted with my voice, and is not of me. (D. & C. 84:4952.)

That was given to the Church in 1832.

I doubt that the world has improved much since then. Maybe we have

learned a lot more devilment in the intervening time. I am not sure, but

it would appear that way.

Now, my brothers and sisters, through these days of confusion and of doubt, where can we find security? On what

foundation can we safely build?

Speaking of the conditions that would exist in these days, a revelation through the Prophet Joseph Smith gave us this assurance:

For they that are wise and have received the truth, and have taken the Holy Spirit for their guide, and have not been deceived verily I say unto you, they shall not be hewn down and cast into the fire, but shall abide the day.

And the earth shall be given unto them for an inheritance; and they shall multiply

and wax strong, and their children shall grow up without sin unto salvation.

For the Lord shall be in their midst, and his glory shall be upon them, and he will be their king and their lawgiver. (Ibid., 45:5759.)

How marvelous it is, my brothers and sisters, to contemplate such a blessing.

It is ours if we will just heed the requirements for it. I very often turn to the

scriptures when I speak to these young people, or did do in the temple, in an effort to get them to hold to the course which is good for them, giving them this admonition in the words of Helaman:

And now, my sons, remember, remember that it is upon the rock of our Redeemer, who is Christ, the Son of God, that ye build the foundation; your must that when A BRILLIANT NEW WAY devil shall send winds, forth his mighty

yea, his shafts in the whirlwind, yea, when all his shall his hail beat storm and mighty OF DOING YOUR FARM WORK it shall you, over have upon power no you to drag you down to the gulf of misery and It's the amazing ease of hooking up to endless wo, because of the rock upon which rearmounted implements without getye are built, which is a sure foundation, a foundation whereon if men build they ting off the tractor seat. It's the constantcannot fall. (Helaman 5:12.) depth principle that lets fullfloating

plows turn uniform furrows in rough, that to the Latterday I commend

Saints, particuuneven soil. It's live hydraulic control, people and to the young

larly, who are making a struggle to with twoway portable cylinder for trailestablish themselves in their homes and ing machines. It's live power takeoff,

in their lives as husbands and wives completely independent of traction clutch to build and fathers and mothers, upon and gears. It's the short turns and quick

that for if do, sure foundation, they they cannot fall, and they will not be destops you can make with a gentle push ceived by the practices of the world. on the new selfenergizing double disk

I sustain the brethren with all my brakes. It's all this and more that gives

heart. I know that this is the work of you a brilliant new way of farming with

just Lord. the another is not This the new 2-plow "SC"and 3-plow "DC"

of is the This Church. Jesus Church

Christ, and he heads it and directs it Case Tractors. See them at your nearest

through these instruments, these holy Case dealer—arrange for a personal

men in his hands. demonstration on your own farm, at

I testify to this, and pledge my alyour own work. Send for new folder.

legiance to it in the name of Jesus J. I. Case Co., Dept. F-44, Racine, Wis. Christ. Amen.

JUNE 1952 455 Obedience To God's Commandments

by Milton R. Hunter

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY Milton R. Hunter

brethren and sisters, I humbly And Adam said unto him: I know not, on all occasions, they experience the

ask an interest in your faith and save the Lord commanded me, (Moses loss of their eternal rewards in the prayers, and the Spirit of God, 5:5-6.) world to come.Myto direct the few things that I may say One of the most apt illustrations of

regard Adam's people some may Now, Lucifer,this that afternoon. follow to chose one who

I obedience. of as blind one answer this time, at was to mind comes feeling my desire in strong and a I have

is of subthe most his one answer think Great of Pearl the in read Cain. of session this closing the in heart Wemy of scripture in illustrations the lime Price: Latterday to the encourageconference did he Although faithful obedience.

I toSaints keep God's commandments.

yet full he why, answer the not God. know than Satan loved more Cain And is this in there that world nothingknow tell to saying: not him, that him Make would Satan commanded God knew And is of to the as importantthat members 5:18.) the (Moses offering Lord. unto harmful be an anything would which do all to the as keep commandChurch

all that that convinced for him. was He fact, purpose, the very thements. In Satan's to comobedient was Cain for to do was him commanded God for mortalhere existence inreason our rejected course, God Of mandment. therefore, obeyed, and he his good; own if isity, us, will see to to prove we very offering, became that and Cain light. later received he on"... live that every proceedeth word by appeared the Lord then angry. And if all thing It a wonderful be would offorth the (D. God."from C. mouth & said: Cain, and unto of of Jesus the the Church members84:44; 98:11.)

follow Saints of Latterday Christ would.. is. thy art thou his wroth? President in out As pointed Clark Why Why prophthe holy example. Adam's When fallen? countenance this discoursemasterful Jesus morning,

of the First Church, Presidency accepted. If shalt well, be doest thou ets—the thou in at councilChrist, heaven, the grand

Apostles, anointed God's Twelve the lieth at the if sin well, not doest thou And of thatdeclared sons daughters the and this ators revel seers, prophets, upon thee; and to desireth and door, have Satan and this earth placed be upon wouldGod

to the shalt instructions comhearken unto Church except thou my "...to to see prove herewith, earth—give them it I deliver will thee and up, all if mandments, render would members, we if all will things they whatsoever do desire. his to shall according thee unto be instructions, their having to obedience their shallthe Lord command God (Ibid., 5:2223.) hearts that in our firm conviction a thethem."the gave Master promAnd

of although the speak they God; wordise to that successthose were them who Satan love to continued Yet Cain yet, the answer knownot have do we so,ful in glory "... doing would have into a entered than God. He more light receive in should time ing due we for their ever headsadded upon and to murder secret Satan covenant with did as Father Adam.ever."3:2526.) (Abraham for gain. he brother "And his Abel

is It that such testimony would my his in says], scripture [so time, course gloried, of In the Father due Adam

I to case. willing only not the be am after (Ibid., in 5:31.) placedand the wickedness."were Mother Eve And

of the counsel brethren but the follow committed, of terrible this of partook Eden. crime been the hadGarden They

to also God's glad commandments obey fruit. his from Fallforbidden received him about; "wages Cain came The prophets. his as given by cursed tothus listeth beings. obey."they mortal he was became He A whom

veil was drawn over their minds, and We are told that there are two masters by the Lord with a dark skin. He lost

they forgot their premortal existence iri this world. The one Master is Jesus the Holy Priesthood. He lost his eternal

and the gospel by which they had preChrist; the other master is Satan. The soul, becoming a son of perdition. Thus,

viously lived in the spirit world. It Savior himself taught: he was turned over to Satan—his master.

necessary, therefore,was for Jehovah, Father, Eternal our much God, for serve masters: two can man No Christ,even Jesus to reveal to them every about and and you either concerned meis very love other; one, the will hate the and he plan. gospelthe this here of his children upon one despise to will else one, the he hold or and

As time passed, time and time again, the other. Ye cannot serve God and mamearth regarding their keeping his comlittle by little, line upon line, precept mon. (Matt. 6:24.) mandments. When we keep his comupon precept, doctrine upon doctrine, mandments, it gives him joy; his heart

the gospel was revealed by the Savior Alma, one of the great Book of Moris caused to rejoice. When we disobey

to Father Adam and Mother Eve. They mon prophets, taught: "For every man his commandments, his heart is caused

rejoiced in all the revelations that they receiveth wages of him whom he listeth to sorrow.

received; and faithfully they rendered to obey."(Alma 3:27.) If we list to Enoch had the privilege of looking

obedience to the commandments of obey Jesus Christ, as our Master, we down through the stream of time in a

God. We read in the Pearl of Great walk in the light: we receive peace, hapvision. He and God were observing

Price: piness, prosperity, and the other good human history in that vision. When

blessings of this life, and in the world the scene came to the period of the the [meaning he unto gave Lord] And observing life of they were in Father's time and eternal our come, Noah thatthem they should worto commandments, that peplace taking during to follow was Lucikingdom. what If we choose theirship offer the should Lord God, and

Ibid., riod, (See 7:28.) wept."fer receive master, as our the "God we shall firstlings flocks, for their of offeringthe an

unto the Lord. And Adam was obedient wages which are his to bestow upon us. Enoch was very much surprised to see

unto the commandments of the Lord. On certain occasions those who obey that God would weep, and asked: "Why

And after many days an angel of the Satan receive as their wages misery, is it that God weeps? Everything is

Lord appeared unto Adam, saying: Why unhappiness, sorrow, and disappointhappy in heaven, everything is peaceful

dost thou offer sacrifices unto the Lord? ment in this life; and, one might say, there, everybody worships you."In fact,

456 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA see could no reasonEnoch why God::;:::,;:5::,5.::,,:;:.3.......................... said: but Godshould weep; j*B5.;,,:.:3,.5!,, '-..

... Behold these thy brethren; they are:

the workmanship of mine own hands, and

I gave unto them their knowledge, in the day I created them; and in the Garden of

Eden, gave I unto man his agency.

And unto thy brethren have I said, and also given commandment, that they should love one another and that they should choose me, their Father; but behold, they

are without affection, and they hate their own blood.... among all the workmanship of mine

hands there has not been so great wickedness as among thy brethren. (Ibid., 7:3233,

36.)

Because God knew the calamity that should come to those people, he wept and declared that the heavens also wept over them.

In his conference talk, President S.

Dilworth Young gave a wonderful illustration on God's concern over our obedience which I would like to repeat today.

King Saul had recently come to the throne when an invading Bedouin tribe from the Arabian desert came into the land of Canaan and molested the "BERT", the Budgie Bird

Israelites. The voice of the Lord came

to Samuel, the prophet, commanding him to command King Saul to take his armies and go in pursuit of those destroy Amalekites, or theinvaders, and... TL/LjlcJl /

child,kill every both man, woman, and good6toif male and female, and all the animals, utterly destroy as well as to all of the RYLOCK... the finest, tightest framethisproperties. received Saul comin pursuit of the wentmandment,

did the less tension window screen of them all, but not fully keepAmalekites commandment. He brought back the

fattest and best of the sheep and cattle, actually costs less than oldfashioned as spoils of war.

God was very displeased with Saul's wood frame screens.

disobedience; and the voice of the Lord

spoke to Samuel again, telling him that With patented fingertip control for inSaul had stant opening and closing, with nothing... turned back from following me, and

nothath performed my commandments. on the sill to catch dirt, and with never 15:11.) (I Samuel

And then the Lord explained to a rust stain on your house and no maindone. ThereSamuel Saul had what

out to went King tenance ever, RYLOCKs are truly easierupon Samuel meet

Saul as he was coming home from the war. Saul heard that Samuel was to live with.

coming, so probably he hid the cattle and sheep behind a hill. When those

two men met, Saul greeted Samuel as the chosen prophet of God, and said: RYLOCKs are sold by leading lumber, building material

"Blessed be thou of the Lord: I have and hardware dealers throughout the west.

performed the commandment of the

Lord"(Ibid., 15:13); stating that he

had obeyed God's command in detail, having completely destroyed the Amalekites. * And Samuel said, What meaneth then "faster -folive, With"

this bleating of sheep in mine ears, and the lowing of oxen which I hear?

And Saul said, They have brought...

a few of the fattest and best of the cattle for the of offering sheep purpose and Screens UmLjlcJl sacrifice the unto thy the Lord God; and California San leandro, Avenue, Washington LTD., 2485 CO. RYLOCK rest utterly (Ibid., destroyed. have we

states eastern in the thirtyseven license and sold H.Y-LOCK under Manufactured 15:1415.)

by the New York Wire Cloth Co. under the trade name "Durall".

(Continued on page 458) JUNE 1952 457 I am as thoroughly convinced as I

Milton It. Hunter Continued am that I am standing here speaking to

you people, in fact, I know that if you

And then Samuel made this memoday Saints and were baptized, we entered and I will keep God's commandments rable statement: into a covenant to keep God's comday by day, walking humbly with our

heart of conhis broken "a with and a God, commandments. mandments—all delight great in burnt as Lord the Hath spirit,"as the has Lord to not covenant did commanded obey just the trite We sacrifices, in the as obeyingofferings and

III 6:8; gospel laws that us to convenience, do (Micah Nephi our 9:20), meet is better to of Behold, Lord? obey thevoice

than sacrifice, and to hearken than the fat the ones that we like to keep, but all eventually we will hear the voice of of rams. (Ibid., 15:22.) of God's commandments. God invite us into his presence; and,

When we received the Holy Melas the scriptures state, we shall "...

I would that every Latterday Saint chizedek Priesthood, we received it with pass by the angels, and the gods, which would place deeply that statement in an oath and a covenant; and the oath are set there, to... [our] exaltation

his heart and keep it there forever. and covenant is that we will live "... and glory in all things,..."(D. & C.

Furthermore, I would that every Church by every word that proceedeth forth 132:19.)

member from this time forward would out of the mouth of God."(D. & C. If we prove faithful in keeping all

repeat every few days: "Behold, to obey 98:11.) Jesus Christ has promised that of God's commandments, we shall reis better than sacrifice, and to hearken if we do so all that the Father has will ceive a glorious celestialization, a comthan the fat of rams"; and obedience is be given unto us. (Ibid., 84:38.) parable degree of happiness, joy, peace,

even better than the wealth of this Now, what does the Father have? and power with that which God, the

world or than any position or honor The greatest blessing that he has to Eternal Father, and the Only Begotten that mortal man can bestow upon us. give to his faithful children, according Son have attained. In other words, all

Best of all our attainments, therefore, to his own declaration, is eternal life. that the Father has will be given unto

is to obey the voice of God in all things (Ibid., 14:7.) Also, he has called this us. This is what is in store for the faithand at all times. gift exaltation in the presence of God. ful Saints, for those who love God and

We have been told by the holy Godhood is another way to describe keep his commandments.

prophets throughout the entire course of that same gift. (Ibid., 132:1920.) There- I humbly ask our Father in heaven to

history that we will receive our blessfore, all those who love God and keep bless every Latterday Saint in the ings from the hand of God according his commandments will receive eternal world; that all of us will vow to keep

to the obedience that we render to his life, godhood, or exaltation, which means God's commandments and that we will holy laws. Therefore, the rewards and that they will rise in the resurrection walk by every word that proceedeth

punishments are, one might say, based and enter into celestial glory to be made forth from his mouth from this time upon a scientific formula. The Lord joint heirs with Jesus Christ and receive forward. I do so, in the name of Jesus

revealed to the Prophet Joseph Smith: all that the Father has. Christ. Amen.

There is a law, irrevocably decreed in heaven before the foundations of this world, upon which all blessings are predicated

And when we obtain any blessing from

God, it is by obedience to that law upon which it is predicated. (D. & C. 130:2021.)

God, our Eternal Father, is not as greatly concerned over which race ofpeople we belong to nor over the color SPECIAL of our skins as he is over our righteousness. He is not concerned with how

wealthy we are—whether we drive a

care to nor does he or walk; Cadillac is WITNESSES belong; but hewhich family we

deeply concerned over what kind of hearts we have. In other words, it by Harold B. Lee

makes a vital difference to him whether OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE we render obedience to his commandments or not.

The question ofttimes comes to the Harold B. Lee

minds of thinking people, especially young people: "What rewards come as want President McKay to know that than I at the changes which have come

a result of obedience to God's comit does not make any difference to to give these men their present posimandments?"Even from the very be- I me whether he remembers my name tions.

ginning, and in every gospel dispensaor my middle initial; all I want him to I am thinking back, to that brief

tion, the followers of Jesus Christ have know is that I want to be counted as moment up in Idaho, when Brother been told by the holy prophets that one who loves the Lord, and who loves LeGrand Richards lay at death's door.

those who render obedience to God's our President, as our prophet, seer, and The doctors had thought that Brother commandments eventually will find rest revel ator. Richards might not be with us long,

in the presence of the Lord. There I am sure that because of the lateness because of a serious heart attack. The

they will receive a blessed immortality. of the hour, and the desire of all of us late Bishop Marvin O. Ashton and I

In fact, in the very beginning when that we have a closing word from Presidrove up one Sunday afternoon to Grace,

Adam and his posterity began to popudent McKay and his blessing before Idaho, to visit him. In a brief moment,

late the earth, the scriptures report: this conference closes, you will indulge when my hands were on the head of

to of presuming discretion not that the Lord the Richards, Brother I knew the Lord upon God called And

I prepared to have going men by mediscourse he on what loved may was and that him everywhere and the Ghost commanded Holy

I Therefore, sure as conference. this of at that certainty to say was live. The should repent; they that them

And as many as believed in the Son, shall close my remarks by only bearing to me then as it is today that he was and repented of their sins, should be saved; my testimony. spared for a great and glorious mission.

and as many as believed not and repented With all my heart I welcome four The Prophet Moroni enjoined his not, should be damned; and the words went great, noble souls to new positions people to seek for the great gift of faith

of in forth a firm out of the mouth God of this Authorities General among the that, as nearly as I can recall, in words fulfilled. they decree; be wherefore must Richards, Joseph LeGrand Church: this: like something L. were 5:1415.) (Moses B. Carl Isaacson, and Wirthlin, Thorpe

When you and I became members of W. Buehner. I think there is no man... Faith is things which are hoped for

the Church of Jesus Christ of Latteror no person in this Church happier and not seen; wherefore, dispute not be458 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

cause ye see not, for ye receive no witness until after the trial of your faith. (Ether

12:6.) Eleven years ago this morning, I choosejhe.climbed the steps and took my place HAMMOND

on the stand where Brother Richards is today. In eleven years, to the day, I

have moved from the arm rest to my left, to the arm rest to my right. Thatcall was an overpowering experience, as ORGAN

only these, my brethren, know, but the greatest experience was not eleven First choice of over years ago today, but eleven years ago the week following today. 20,000 churches

It was on the day or so following conference that President Stephen L Richand also ards, who was then chairman of the

Church radio and publicity committee, approached me and said, "Brother Lee, There are more Hammond organs being used in L.D.S. Chapels than any

next Sunday is Easter, and we have deother organ because...

cided to ask you to give the Sunday 1. Costs so much LESS yet you get so much more organ.

2. of tune. gets out Never talk, talk, Easter radio thenight on the

3. affect it. never Cold, or can heat dampness ofresurrection the Lord."then And he 4. to play. easy Very of course,added, understand now, "You less 5. easy to move. Takes room and is up

that as a member of the Council of the

Twelve, you are to be one of the special Gentlemen: Without obligation send me all information on

witnesses of the life and mission of the the Hammond organ O church Q home.

Savior and of that great event."The Name

most overwhelming of all the things Address that have happened to me was to begin to realize what a call into the Council of meant. the Twelve

- I followed, the days During which CO. BROS. GLEN MUSIClocked in myself of the one rooms over St. 74 So. Main

building, Officein the Church and OGDEN SALT LAKE CITY PROVO the storythere the life of of I read the

Savior. As I read the events of his life,

and particularly the events leading up to and of the crucifixion, and then of the resurrection, I discovered that something was happening to me. I was not

just reading a story; it seemed actually

as though I was living the events; and

I was reading them with a reality the like of which I had never before experienced. And when, on the Sunday night

following, after I had delivered my brief talk and then declared, simply, "As one of the humblest among you, I, too, know that these things are true, that Jesus died and was resurrected for the sins of the world,"I was speaking from a full heart, because I had come to know that week, with a certainty which I never before had known.

I do not know whether that experience was the realization of the workings of the gift of the more sure word of prophecy, but this much I came to know: neither the Prophet Joseph

Smith, nor any who have followed since, have ever received a personal visitation from the Master, nor have they ever received a special witness of his life and mission, except they have had a supreme faith. Until that

faith had been tried and tested, only then did they receive the witness.

This much more I know, and bear humble witness, that only shall I receive a greater witness than I today Bring the kiddies—we love 'em!

have, that he faith HOTEL UTAH through is, when my Special Menus! Special China!trial shall have the perbecome morefect. Special Prices, Too! COFFEE

I know with all my soul today, God SHOP being my witness, that the Savior died, HOTEL UTAH was resurrected, and lives today, so close Max Carpenter, Manager to us in the councils of the priesthood, (Continued on following page) See Uncle Roscoe's Playtime Party, Presented by Hotel Utah, Tues. & Thurs., 4:15 p.m., KSLTV

JUNE 1952 459 Harold B. Lee Continued

so near to those whom he has chosen a marvelous manner, I saw certaintyDaimes as his mouthpieces, that if they will but succeed doubt."

open their hearts and minds, they may God help us, as the sons and daughknow with a surety that they have done ters of our Heavenly Father, that we, his will and that he has spoken. having the right to the witness of the

I am thinking today of the quoted Holy Ghost, shall by faith so purify testimony of a great defender of the our hearts that the light from on high faith recorded in Brother Barker's splenmay enter into them, that in a marveldid priesthood lessons which we are ous way we, too, may see all doubt flee now studying in the priesthood quoin the face of absolute certainty. God

rums, when he told how his testimony help us to this end, and keep us in the came. This is what that faithful Cyprian faith, worthy of the testimonies of the

said: "Into my heart, purified of its reality of the mysteries of heaven and

sins, there entered a light which came godliness, I humbly pray, in the name from on high, and then, immediately, in of the Lord, Jesus Christ. Amen.

a??...or Uklna5 v lot -2)geevi

RICHARD L EVANS rHEN a person has lost the desire to learn, it is something w of a symptom that he has largely lost the capacity for progress. In a sense we should never be content with what

we know. But neither should we be cynical about what we

don't know. With a little knowledge, there is always the

danger of assuming that what we don't know isn't so, that what we can't see isn't there, that what lies beyond our eyes and explanation is beyond the realm of reality. But

the fact that we don't know something doesn't mean that for Your Church it isn't so. There are so many compelling questions that

Acros*, the notion church congregations we cannot answer right now; but there were more quesin organists are enthusiastic and their praise tions that we couldn't answer a century or a decade ago.

scientifically the of Connsonata, newest and is as real as what most advanced of all electronic organs. Infinitely much that we cannot now see

You, too, can enjoy the very finest organ we can see, and for the cynic to say, "It isn't so because I music at amazingly low cost. Private demonhaven't seen it,"is the sheerest kind of shortsightedness. If

station without obligation. this were the only basis for finding new knowledge, we

Model 2D above, two full manuals, sinshould long since have ceased finding much of anything at gle expression pedal, 25note pedal board, all. But it has been our faith in the substance of things not

matching speaker cabinet. seen that has kept the minds and spirits of men moving forward into the illimitable future. And even an acutely in-

1 Oaynes Music Co. I.. quiring mind must learn to accept much on faith, while

, )!I!|MI|MIII|II I searchingWhen it comesand waitingright downfor totheultimatefinal andanswers,ultimateit is doubtfulanswers.

4547 South Main, Salt Lake if we even know what makes a muscle move. We may know

145 North University, Provo part of the process, and we see some of the results, but we simply cannot say for sure how stored energy instantly becomes controlled mechanical motion. And it would seem

that men who do not even know for sure what makes a muscle move have much reason to be humble in approaching all our other unsolved problems, and much reason for VOLUME dependence upon Divine Providence. There is infinitely

to it possible for us makes give more to be discovered and revealed in man's eternal march; deal a a better on you Dodge or Plymouth. there is infinitely much that we must accept on faith—faith,

with thankfulness for what we do know (which is more adjustour make own insurance We interest in fithan we wisely use); faith in the substance of things not rates used ments. Bank

nancing. seen, which, if we walk humbly with hearts and minds open

to truth, will surely sometime unfold before us.

J. C. BURGESS

Downtown Jke Spoken lA/ora FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

DODGEPLYMOUTH Dealer PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

South 1000 Main Street SYSTEM, MARCH 23, 1952 Copyright, 1952

Salt Lake City, Utah

460 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Levi Edgar Young You can fly Western to the vaca- (Continued from page 429) Tike the tionland of your choice for less

I like to remind myself of the saying than It costs to drive your car.*

of Emerson, You won't waste days of your SKYway to

God offers to every mind its choice bevacation on congested hightween truth and repose: take which you ways, either! Whether you'd

please, you can never have both. Western like to visit Canada's Jasper,

The mothers of Zion begin the teachBanff, or Lake Louise,, Yellowing of their children are in they when stone or the or Grand Tetons, aygrounds cradle. the always They remember

)EDM0NT0N Southern California beaches that in grants "Love what a moment toil can hardly achieve in an age."JIETHBRIOGE and resorts, let us help you plan

The very first thing every child should UlACOMA HUT BANK a wonderful Western vacation!

be taught (and as always example, not OP0ItND \GREA1 FAUS precept, is the best teacher) is respect kLEWISTOWN for every being. human We should VBIUING5SHERIDAN #<# Minneapolis learn a great to have and good opinion

ROCHESTER life, of for all are in human the made

SPRINGS., CASPERt* image,'SUIANCEW a dignity and have of God and COTTSBtUffj, a destiny. will This lead naturally to '%'CHIYENNE

principlethe of the Rule, Golden

SAN "Do I FRANCISCO IAKE CITY 'SALT I others unto what OAKLAND others J would that

CITY ''CEDAR DENVERshould do unto me."

It is extraordinary how many kinds ***** of men and women make desirable teachers because the pupils display a variety of human traits and cannot all be moved and reached by the same WESTERN teaching. Remember, too, that a mastered subject, and a person committed *lt actually costs you about 8 Vs ( a mile toheart and soul to teaching it, with the operate your car, according to National Auto AIR LINES

spirit of air You'll fares are find that will God, much be near to the disClub. AMERICA'S OLDEST AIRLINE

. air distances lower... are snorter. you.and ofcourse and angels. men

cost of meals and lodging enroute. We need not be graduated of schools U save the

and colleges to know these truths of religion and teach them to our children.

The Savior has told us that if we ask it shall be given to us: If we knock, it

shall be opened unto us, and we need only to pray and work earnestly and with faith to receive the blessings wedesire to become teachers of the gospel. The Church

Sir Richard Livingston, an educator offers young Latterday Saints the opporand classicist, and president of Corpus tunity to prepare for living along with study

Christi College, Oxford, tells us in a for life's work in the finest college training lecture at Springfield, Massachusetts, "It and atmosphere. Register June 9 for Sumis amazing that a person not intellectualmer School at

ly bright, perhaps not even educated, is capable of grasping and living by something so advanced as the principles Brigham Young Universityof Christianity."

The earth is the Lord's, and the fulness thereof; the world, and they that dwell c/i CEN TURY OFtherein. PIKES PEAK For he hath founded it upon the sea, and

established it upon the floods. (Psalm 24.) PIPE FLOUR

May our faith be strengthened and With FOUR havemay we power to teach chilour Extra Baking thedren truth and the of beauty the ORGAN gospel, I humbly pray in Jesus'name. Advantages

Amen.

SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS 425 West 5th South LEGACY L Salt Lake City, Utah

By B. E. H. Harris MEMBER ASSOCIATED ORGAN BUILDERS

OF AMERICA HOTEL LANKERSHIM was a saint. Yet I, who could notT |"e 7+h & BROADWAY* * claim WITH BATH ESTEY ROOMS ORGAN smallest halo,The his love and name. won

Single Double $3.50—$5.00 From I, sage. CORPORATION a was YetHe not wise, who am Dining Supper and Rooms New true understanding, in and 50 BIRGE his STREET eyes.Was

Now he is gone. And I, bereft, would be IN THE VERY HEART OF

Both saint and sage—his legacy to me. BRATTLEBORO, VERMONT LOS ANGELES

JUNE 1952 461 The World of the Jaredites

(Continued from page 399) originally were confounded so language contaminated, FINE QUALITY WOODWORKING FOR languageand that

meanings did not. {Ibid., 1:34.) We WARDS & MEETING HOUSES that while the words remained, their

would expect, then, to find Jaredite words scattered here and there all * * * over the Old World. The only way

course, TJOR OVER 50 YEARS the experienced craftsmen we can trace such words, of is in proper names. Few people in

of MorrisonMerrill have been building pews, pulour society know what their names pits and other wood fittings in a variety of fine quality mean, though both family names and given names almost all once had woods for the meeting houses of the L.D.S. Church. If meanings because our names are alyou are considering refurnishing your meeting house, most without exception survivals from

longdead languages, having very incheck with MorrisonMerrill. They'll be happy to give volved and picturesque histories. Such

has always been the case with proper you an estimate without any obligation on your part. names. It is not surprising that three

Call 3-2611. Ask for Millwork for prompt attention. of the oldest cities in the world, one

of them traditionally described as the flood, city in after the world the <S*Sti first m the Jaredite all bear good name cities these Kish, though are widely

It MORRISONMERRILL & CO. separated. of surprising is not

BUILDING MATERIAL DISTRIBUTORS the first king of Israel should alsothatbe

City, Salt Lake Utah No. 3rd West 2 05

RENO, NEVADA named Kish. It is not surprising IDAHO ind FALLS, POCAT BOISE, EUO, TWIN at: a/so

that a city rivaling Kish in age and importance in Mesopotamia should be named Lagash, while one of the oldest cities in Palestine was Lakish, both recalling the Jaredite Riplakish, which could mean in Babylonian "Lord of Lakish."A more remarkable

coincidence is that the Jaredite king,

Aha, was the son of Seth (Ibid.,

1:10, 11:10), since Menes, the fabled 9 founder of the First Egyptian OUR Dynasty, bore the name of Aha

(meaning warrior), and was supTRAVEL SERVICE posed to have succeeded Seth as the ruler of the land. A good idea of

how mixed up things are may be Rich Maroon IS FREE of gained considering from the Beautiful name Blue yourself with bother Why Black resof Corihor. trouble the making that noted the above We Crystal Clear easy to read! Traditionaltype—cost extra no ervations? At America's Beautiful Most Bible now priest the high in 1085 name of who with covers in color! perfect you, can arrange gift The to to we

meet every Bible need. includ- B.C. entire vacation of your throne usurped the Thebes

No. leather; 455CM—Maroon limp covers; achotel ing transportation, gold silk edges; marker; concordance city (incidentally, in oldest the sightseeing and commodations, maps.

ers; No. 453C—Blackgold edges; silkleather;marker;overlappingconcordance.covboth bear the name of Thebes—how UNIVERSAL TRAVEL come?) seemed to be identical with AT YOUR BOOKSTORE

SERVICE that of the Nephite upstart Korihor.

HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE But we have just seen that Korihor is

Salt Lake City Phone 5-6215 just identical as obviously the with bibles national tieup? is the Jaredite Corihor. What BELOVED KING JAMES VERSION

,'Unbreakable... moulded Not in Egypt, surprisingly enough,

to look like glass. Lightfor Hurhor, Heriher, or whatever it

noise free. weight, Ecowas, does not seem to have been an height. Standard nomical.

Order from your dealer. Egyptian name at all, but is possibly

OFFER SPECIAL a late adoption from the Hurrian,

Mail SI. lot of 00 for trial

one dozen sent postpaid. through Canaanite or Amorite; that

MAAS CHIMES, Dept. 219, Los Angeles 39, Cal. 55 Sudbury St., Boston 14, Mass. is, it comes from the original stamping

462 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA grounds of the Jaredites. 21"The*

it eitherNephites can thus have got from the Jaredites through Mulek or THE BIBLE SPEAKS FOR ITSELF!

have imported it directly from their corner of the Egyptian Empire, where "MORMONISM"PROVED FROM its Egyptian form was illustrious among the followers of Ammon. THE SCRIPTURES!

There is not a name or an event What are Our Heavenly Father and His Son, in Jaredite history that does not call Jesus Christ, like?... Individual Beings?

Is Baptism Essential? What Mode?

for long and serious study. They Is Divine authority necessary to officiate in

merit such study because they are the ordinances of the Gospel?

names and events of authentic type. What is the meaning of "Saved by Grace"?

As with the Lehi story, if this is ficIf the Lord is the same yesterday, today and tion, it is fiction by one thoroughly Times?forever, are Visions Impossible in Modern

familiar with a field of history that Will Christ return to earth?... What Signs

nobody in the world knew anything and Events shall precede His 2nd Coming?

about in 1830. No one is going to THESE ARE SOME OF THE MANY VITAL, TIMELY

produce a skilful forgery of Roman QUESTIONSBIBLICAL QUOTATIONSANSWERED INBY FULLOVERTEXT900CONFIRMDEFINITE history, for example, unless he actualING THE DIVINITY OF THE TEACHINGS OF THE ly knows a good deal of genuine CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY

Roman history. So if Ether is a SAINTS.Not the Compiler's own Ideas or Interpretation of

forgery, where did its author get the TheL.D.S.Church.Doctrine, but in Harmony with the Teachings of

solid knowledge necessary to do a job that could stand up to five minutes of investigation? I have merely skimmed

the surface in these hasty letters, but

if Itblr skates are ice is clumsy, the my (King Version) James % Knam.... Extra.. Cloth 35 Pages Binding $2.00 ENLARGED FOURTH EDITION 251 Pages thin.never Every page is loaded

with matter for serious discussion Autographed Copies Postpaid Direct from the Compiler and Publisher discussion fizzle that out would BENJAMIN B. ALWARD

3-5220 Telephone 148 First Salt Avenue Lake City 3, Utah the facepromptly in palpable of any

Also on sale at: THE DESERET dealer. or your Church BOOKCRAFT, book BOOK CO.;

absurdity.

But nothing could be more unfair than to treat the Book of Ether simply as a history. After our long preoccupation with the sordid and secularside of Jaredite history, it is high SAVEDtime to remind ourselves that this (SofjtwMind

text, from which we have been arbitrarily selecting for comment only those verses which might have been found in any ancient chronicle, is one of the greatest treasures that ever 15% came to a generation of men. The ON FIRE INSURANCE

sad story of the Jaredites is but a framework for the inspired comfor thousands of owners... IT'S TODAY'S

of "Preferred tractmentary a of Moroni, mighty IN TRAVEL! Risk"BEST BUY

Properties. forfor our times that than but more the open Take to road—by

the times ahead. CAN YOUR PROPERTY QUALIFY? Greyhound!save time; lowFrequentfares saveschedulesmoney.

(To be concluded) will tell. Free inspection Ask VaGreyhound's FREE VPS

arwill Service agent of America yourGeneral cation Planning

BIBLIOGRAPHY sighthotels, special range for the inquire or or broker—all ior seeing, fortransportation—nearest of our agent name 226. 231Above, note cost! one low

you. 49 East First South, Salt

Gladwin, Men Out of Asia. Lake City 1, Utah. Tel. 47717.

233M. A. Czaplicka, Aboriginal Siberia

114-6. (Oxford, 1914), pp.

will reader If the examine the culture 3&AN& map of Asia published in Life magazine for December 31, 1951, pp. 8-9, he will BIG CITIES SUNNY BEACHES

notice that the editors have placed the "beginning of civilization"in the mountains See your Greyhound Agent aboutto the north and east of Mesopotamia, with IEII popular vacationlands all over the main focal point in the great valleys America, Canada, and Mexico.

Ask for FREE FOLDER! (Continued on following page) 4M&>

JUNE 1952 463 The World of the Jaredites Colleen Hutchins—Miss America

(Continued from preceding page) (Continued from page 397) immediately north'of the Plain of Sinear. son Square Garden. Barbara was a

This is in strict accordance with our own "sweetheart"at Utah State Agriconclusions based on the Book of Ether. cultural College, and brother Dale

of Andrae, Story Uruk,""The 23EW. the preferred man at most named was 141-2. Antiquity equally X (1936), On the Gold school. was stake Ruth same of sudden S. emergence writing, Egyptian

Schott, Mythe und Mythenbildung in Alten and Green Ball queen. Bob was

Aegypten (Leipzig: Hinrich, 1945), pp. 2ff. judged outstanding actor in a stake

this treated have in Pol. 23T theme Wstn. important their most play. But Just Open A II Quart. (1949). (if family to the according trophy SAVINGS ACCOUNT 23TP. Hitti, K. History (N.Y.: Syria of is Father one smallest) by of the one NOW! Macmillan, for p. archaic the 149; 1951), on his for performance his with Hutchins will receive $50.00 or more and you Hur-, in Horelement names, Egyptian

lovely FREE your Fineline Schaeffer motorcycle. pen Schott, cit. op.

set. pencil and

Savings Accounts in any amount $1 to $25,000. 32 years of continuous operation.

CURRENT - Per DIVIDEND J/ Annum lm$cription&... for Lsup sriendd

Utah Savings RICHARD L EVANS Association Loan and T seems that there are many important principles on which 172 Center, West PROVO, UTAH I most of us can agree. And there are many standards of MAILJHANDY COUPON conduct that most of us feel others should observe. But the

Send or your check order money deciding point of is the part often to point company where we

Utah Savings, 172 Center, Provo, and course apply. Of principles should the and to when whom savings your pass set book and pen

will be mailed to you immediately. it is true that there are some wholly unprincipled people

Name who don't even give lip service to a high code of conduct.

Address But most of the people whom most of us are likely to meet

City Zone....State are people who at least pay lip service to high principles

people who concede, for example, that the Golden Rule is a desirable code of conduct, that the Ten Commandments are not purely of the past but still apply to people in the fair clean living, dealing, morality, present; that honesty, NEWJ cy/mmim/i are ourselves consider others and considering as we should

FOLDING all indispensable principles that should apply to all persons.

CHAIRS Such things most of us agree to in the abstract, but we are sometimes disposed to think more of their application to others and to make liberal allowances for ourselves. And

when we hear some sound advice, when we hear a sensible sermon, or when we hear a recipe or a precept for improving people, we frequently think of others who we wish had heard it. We think how fine it would be for our friends. Almost

every day we hear or read of remarkable means and methods FOR CHURCHES AND

SUNDAY SCHOOLS that tell how to improve talents, how to make better use of

Over 8 million in use! Rugged tubulartime, how to live within income, how to avoid marital misstyles: 3 seat wood, steel construction—

steel, for understandings, how to get along with neighbors, how to all extra or upholstered, wide maximum comfort. Write Dept. 169 teach children. We rarely hear or read of such suggestions

BACKinto framePANELwith bottomis deepformededge rolledsteelfor rigidity.for comfort, welded without thinking how fine they would be for our friends.

HINGE and belowSECTIONhinge rod, hasto distributereinforcingload.bar within frame above And if there is a community cause or project for which we

CROSSinside of legsBRACESand riveted,of solidto resiststeel load.are shouldered against are called to assume some responsibility, we are frequently

GLIDES STEEL durable, nonmarkingare rubbercrimpedshoes.around leg and capped with full of suggestions as to others who should be interested in

Storage Trucks a vailable for quick, easy handling it and who should take time to do it (excepting ourselves).

So long as we are interested primarily in improving other cvfmet/can Seating Gmipa/ig people, our own approach to improvement will be much more

Rapids 2, Michigan Grand in Principal Cities slow than if we should begin with ourselves, and see first Distributors Branch Offices and what the recommended remedy would do for us, and second, how fine it would be for our friends.

DRINK ficqo A delightful PRESENTEDJhe SpokenOVER KSL ANDWordTHE COLUMBIAfrom templeBROADCASTINGSQUARE hot beverage for those SYSTEM, MARCH 30, 1952 who don't drink coffee. Copyright, 1952

AT YOUR GROCERS 464 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A PRECIOUS RECORD OF YOUR CHILDREN "It's just a bunch of tin, and really IN MOVIES OR COLOR SLIDES doesn't mean much,"Brother Hutchins recently said while looking at the YOU MAKE YOURSELF!

trophies. "I guess we shouldn't have you'llStart nowhavetoa takeprecioussnapshots,family movies,history orin colorpictures.slides.PicturesSoon

them in here cluttering up the living that make memories linger on through the years.

room."Actually both Brother and PAY NOTHING DOWN

Sister Hutchins are very modest and ONLY $1 A WEEK unaffected by the success of their NOWTHE family. Their main concern is that CAMERA

their children continue to do their OFCHOICEYOUR duty in the Church and meet their FROM

STANDARD obligations in life. OPTICAL

Colleen's own early activity in the SOLUTELYAND ABChurch consisted of teaching in the NO

M.I.A. and Sunday School and parMONEYDOWN! BROWNIEEASTMANMOVIE

speechticipating in drama, dance, and remarkable A movie camera 135 with 8mm EASTMAN PONY reputation for service. dependable Fixed inactivities 1942, In her ward. focus lens F2.7 attractive and leather with camera fine 35mm as a A

finish. Only $43.30. Girl "Sweetfor chosen she was Eastman famous nameJunior

blackexcellent largeheart"of the ward ball. Then in taking

or snapshots andwhite beaORDER BY MAIL, NOW!

she was chosen HomecomingUtah utiful 35mm color slides. STANDARD OPTICAL COMPANY Only $35.75. University at Brigham YoungQueen 273 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

in 1947; Miss University of Utah, G iePleaseMoviesendat $43.30.me an Eastman Brownand Miss Armed Forces of the Salt 135PleaseCamerasend atme$35.75.an Eastman Pony

Lake City area in 195&, before be- ] Enclose6 EASYcheekWAYSor moneyTO BUYorder coming Miss Utah. "2 C.O.D.Charge*(cash(termson asdelivery)advertised)

A letter from Miss Hutchins, reAdd to your open account old Reopen your account ceived just as we were going to press in to Enclose put $5 layaway Sia (It's to account. easy For an openstates: service, fastest send names and ad-

"From my earliest years, I have dresses of credit references.)

had the opportunity to speak before AddressName groups, to appear in plays, pageants, OGDEN - PROVO - LOGAN - IDAHO FALLS City State dances, speaking contests, and all 273 SOUTH MAIN IN SALT LAKE CITY sorts of Church activities. I consider that this experience has been

of inestimable worth in preparing me for my present job as Miss America. MINER

I consider that any poise I may have, >!,

any ability to meet people easily and ii-'i '*&*. says.speak on my feet are probably diMIKE rectly traceable to those many ap- *&%:

pearances, watched and applauded by "Know the quickest way to get a parents and friends in our different pay raise? Bring prices down! Just

wards, in which I so proudly particias soon as prices start down, our dollars buy pated. more, so it's just like getting a raise. And the

"At the contest (Miss America quickest way to bring prices down is not with

Pageant) there were many girls of government controls, but by everybody procomparable talent and attractiveness, ducing more, without raising production so that the judges must have had a hard time to pick one of us. Howcosts."

ever, I have been told many times that my philosophy of life and exUTAH MINING ASSOCIATION pression of my belief in God made me stand out before that great crowd azzgzzazzzs of fifty thousand people, and probably decided the contest in my favor."

What lessons for our young people to learn! Whether we are a Miss

America enjoying nationwide publicity or a secretary of a Gleaner class in a small ward, the Church is being judged by the way we act and the things we say. Every one of us is

a missionary, good or bad, for the

Church.

{Concluded on following page) JUNE 1952 465 Colleen Hutchins—Miss America

(Concluded from preceding page)

Popularity, even by the standards of the world, comes not through physical beauty alone, but through beauty of soul as expressed by a wellrounded personality, a pleasing smile, a wholesome attitude toward life, welldeveloped talents, purity of thought and actions, and unswerving devotion to the cause one knows is right. The old saying "Beauty is as

beauty does,"is not outmoded. Beauty

of body and face may fade and tarnish, but beauty of the spirit will but grow more lovely through the years if properly cultivated.

If all our youth could learn and practise these truths being demonstrated by Miss America of 1952, the young men and the young women in the Church could mold the destiny of our nation. Two Floor Plans Available

from ONE HOME DESIGN PLANS Evidences and Reconciliations and Both floor plans are basically the same... attractive, (Continued from page 392)

IDEAS livable and professionally designed to give maximum value The caffeine which is removed from for modest budgets. Actually, this is only one of the more the coffee bean to make socalled

than 100 architectdesigned plans in the Weyerhaeuser "sanka coffee"is sold to manufacthen cola syrup of the and turers

Service at TriState. available Building Home And

FINEST as are into drinks the which we have made services, too, other plan pointers and helpful on building MATERIALS as injurious truly habitforming and and financing. Our experience and advice is available to tea or coffee.

you anytime you have any question on home building,,, Today the cola habit is becoming come in today. a national menace. It should be

FREE BOOKLET: "Professional Pointers for wholly avoided, especially among LatThe Home Owner."Ask for your copy of this terday Saints who have been warned

valuable booklet at the TriState Lumber Co. of the danger. The drug, working

store in your community. quietly but regularly, is bound in

time to affect adversely our national

The homo shown Is No. 5U2 health.

a; advertised In the American Some years ago an article on this

Homemagazine. subject was prepared at the request L U M B C O of President Heber J. Grant, who had

been charged incorrectly with favoring cola drinks. The article was prepared after ample research, read before the General Authorities of the

Church, approved by them and by edisenior Grant, President who, as Ever think what would happen if *fc it in printed tor of the Era, ordered twice this magazine. It was printed fire were to lay waste your home Era, Volume Improvement in The

See the friendly Agent of the 42, November 1939, and Volume 45,

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. JuneThe1942.warningThey againstbear reading"evilstoday.and

in your locality. He will be glad to help you check your designs"and the misunderstanding

policies, of the term "hot drinks"undoubtedly ( )r see refers to such drinks and other subHEBER J. GRANT & CO. stancesducers, butwidelywhichpromotedare injuriousby thetoprothe

General Agents human system. In this day of uni20 South Main -Salt Lake City

versal education, every person should 466 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA learn the nature and composition of every food or drink offered.

It may be added that the United

States Supreme Court compelled the Establishing

CocaCola people to remove the very dangerous coca and cola substances from the beverage, leaving only the The Links of a drug caffeine which of course could not be condemned by a coffeedrink-ing nation. A prominent state offiGREAT

cial, himself a caffeine user, reported this action of the court to President FUTURE...

Grant and said that CocaCola had been freed from dangerous ingredients, not mentioning the caffeine remaining. President Grant reported

this conversation which gave rise to For 1500 youths of the Intelmountain Empire, he, President Grant, that reportthe delivering The Salt Lake Tribune to subscribers of CocaCola. the That usefavored

he did not do so and that all the daily/ is an "independent business"that finances

General Authorities were back of him schooling, helps family budgets and teaches busiis proved by their request that the two ness principles for application in later life* Every articles referred to above should be printed in The Improvement Era carrier salesman of The Tribune is an independent so that all Church members and merchant who buys his papers at wholesale and others may understand the danger delivers them for a profit to his neighborhood drinks. all caffeine containing of

Smith customers, a link in the farreaching organization as Joseph Just and Hyrum interpreted the term "hot drinks"to that makes...

mean coffee and tea, so we of this day with new Godgiven knowledge coffee justified in explaining are why The Salt Lake Tribune of poisontheir family tea, and and containing products, such as the cola drinks, are out of harmony with the spirit and the teaching of the Word of Wisdom. They may be classed

as "hot drinks"even though they are taken cold. It is our duty and should

be our joy to keep our bodies in a healthy condition and to heed the

Word of the Lord.

A Study in Good and Evil (Continued from page 402) precept that indicated its meaning.

This is the list:

1. Temperance: Eat not to dulness; drink

not to elevation.

2. Silence: Speak not but what may benefit others or yourself: avoid trifling conversations. Give the Best!

3. Order: Let all your things have their

places; let each part of your business Ostler's Paradise! The

have its time. most delicious, finest

4. Resolution: Resolve to perform what quality chocolates

1 imevery For made! fail what without perform ought; you

\ occasion portant be resolve. you

Ostler's sure they're to do but expense 5. Frugality: no Make

Paradise! i.e., yourself; waste or to others good

nothing. embe always 6. Industry: no time; Lose

cut off useful; something ployed in all Appointment W PARADISE Ostler's actions. unnecessary Necessary fair! state phizes at utah 20 first of winner deceit; think hurtful Sincerity: 7. no Use

it! soldi for is Ask wherever CANDY Sold GOOD if justly and, Lake City Salt you innocently Store xsr and

City, Utah Salt Lake COMPANY, OSTLER CANDY acccordingly. mjtommauyfaW gdfyac&naMtadUd speak, speak \FARv TS4 SOUTH STAT$

(Continued on following page) JUNE 1952 467 A STUDY IN GOOD AND EVIL (Continued from preceding page) weakness, or the injury of your own 8. justice: Wrong none by doing injuries, or another's peace or reputation.

or omitting the benefits that are. your 13. Humility: Imitate Jesus and Socrates.

duty. 9. Moderation: Avoid extremes; forebear Having thus detailed what he

resenting injuries so much as you think thought his moral perfection ought they deserve.

10. Cleanliness: Tolerate no uncleanliness to consist of, Franklin set about makin body, clothes, or habitation. ing the virtues habitual. He fixed

11. Tranquility: Be not disturb'd at trifles, his attention on one particular viror at accidents common or unavoidtue before proceeding to another, and

able. 12. Chastity: Rarely use venery but for thus worked at his device more or

health or offspring, never to dulness, less the rest of his life. Moral per-

((SS>5\5!5v5sZn5&5

cLet Jkere d5e /veverence RICHARD L. EVANS

a All real joy and power of progress... depend on finding

something to reverence, and all the baseness and misery of humanity begin in a habit of disdain."1 These words

of John Ruskin suggest some of the results of irreverence and also some of the symptoms. Some irreverence is more

a matter of thoughtlessness, as the boisterousness of boys.

Some, as Ruskin wrote, partakes of deliberate, cynical disdain. Some shows itself in profane and offensive speech.

Some is evident only in attitude. Some is apparent by

confusion and disorder in places where there should be quiet and contemplation. True reverence is not strained

or stiff or artificial, but a sincere sense in one's soul that some things are sacred—that some things should not be

lightly spoken of nor lightly considered. In the presence

of great art, great music, great minds there is due respect and deference. Then how much more respect and deference are due the Creator of heaven and earth, in whose

image men were made, whose wisdom and works are infinite,

Buy From Your Dealer to whom we owe all the bounteous blessings of life, the reUTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. curring seasons, the springtime, the harvest, the love of

family and friends, the reality we have here and the assurance of life hereafter. If we lose the spirit of reverence as to

thealso—forworks theand kindways ofof corrosionProvidence,thatwerustsshall awaylose muchreverenceelse

also rusts away other finer feelings. Certainly life need not

be longfaced. Certainly there are many times and places

when highminded humor and lighthearted talk and heartily informal fellowship are a permissible and important part of life. But there are also sacred places, sacred hours, sacred

subjects that should be reverently respected—and he who

is insensitive to them is sometimes suspected of lacking some essential training or some essential qualities of character.

We commend these words from the seventeenth century:

ntotvtjo Folding "Let thy speeches be seriously reverent when thou speakest of

God or his attributes; for to jest or utter thyself lightly in

matters divine is an unhappy impiety, provoking heaven to

Direct Prices and justice, and urging all men to suspect thy belief."2 "Always

Discounts to and in everything let there be reverence."3

Churches Wild Olive. The of Crown ohn Ruskin:Schools Hotels

2Francis Youth's Behavior. Hawkins:Societies Dining Rooms 3Confucius: Book of Rites. The

Cafeterias Jke Spoken lA/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

WRITE FOR PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING CATALOGManufactured by NEW

SYSTEM, APRIL 6, 1952 THE "Irlctwoe. COMPANY Copyright, 1952 COLFAX, IOWA STREET 73 CHURCH

468 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA fection in the abstract meant little to Franklin until he had carefully analyzed it and had broken it down to its component parts. This procedure also facilitated the checking of

in tryingthe progress he was making of himselfto habituate the Begins June 2nd to each virtues he wanted to acquire. All of

us could benefit greatly by duplicatat L*D*S ing his experiment; that is, we could Study this summer in the pleasant surroundings

go through a similar exercise, by of L.D.S. Business College, your Church school.

making our own list of virtues conPrepare yourself for a wellpaying job or, if emsidered necessary and desirable by us FREE classesployed, inthatHySpeedpromotionLonghand,you've accounting,wanted. busiNew

liveto clerical work, our general lives properly and shortthe ness machines, under for interWrite today 2. Enroll time now! begin Summer hand Junepresent circumstances, that, after and, esting, informative bulis fun at L.D.S.

letin educational on trying systematicallyby to habituate ourselves to those virtues. We should opportunities at L.D.S. Learn More, Earn More NyKU

become aware that it is not sufficient to have a "speculative conviction"to keep from slipping but that it will be necessary to break bad habits and acquire good ones to take their place. BUSINESS COLLEGE

This will demand constant and consistent practice. Nor should we allow 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY

ourselves to become discouraged when we find that old habits are not easily broken or new ones made automatic. Our perseverance in the matter would show that we believe

firmly in moral progress; that is to

say, that we have sufficient faith to make considerable progress finally in spite of momentary and repeated slips backward.

Among the Golden Sayings of the

Greek Stoic philosopher Epictetus we read following the (Number CLVI):

First of the life thou art INSURANCE all, condemn now leading; but when thou hast conFor Every Purpose

demned it, do not despair of thyself—be

not like them of mean spirit, who once Your local Kolob Agent offers a they have yielded, abandon themselves entime-saving, moneysaving service for all write insurancetirely your can as and to he it were allow the torrent

In can needs. he save you GOOD FOR NOTHING this waysweep learn away. them No; what the

costly danover-lapping and avoid CORNER GOESwrestling TO fallen? do. masters WORK! boy Has the

Policies underprotection. gerous are

till say,"Rise,"they "wrestle again, with a through strong thy written stock comstrength to thee."thus come should Even is service claim panies always "M0DERNF0LD"DOORit thee. be that there For with we know fair. prompt.and.. BEAUTIFUL

is nothing tractable the more than SPACE SAVES human is insurgeneral a Kolob DURABLE Itsoul. will, to needs the thing but and ECONOMICAL with ance agency 300

is is set the soul done; right the path; upon serving agents Utah, the doors fold that

itas the contrary to on over but needs nod like an accordion Idaho, Neand Montana the task and all is lost. For ruin and vada.

recovery alike are from within. FRANK SALISBURY, MGR.

A "good"man is never completely good; a "bad"man is never comFor demonstration write or phone

pletely bad. We are all mixtures of M0DERNF0LD DOOR SALES CO.

good and bad, being good only in 330 Judge Bldg., Salt Lake City DIVISION OF ALDER'S

those particulars in which we have 1343 SO. MAINPhone 7-1531SALT LAKE CITY

had a chance to develop positive attitudes toward that which is good. Please send me your free booklet enNow let us consider certain rather titledSpace""WhatIE a Beautiful Way to Save

fixed methods of measuring character, fa* 4WUf NAME our own or that of others. Do we Address

content ourselves with checking too SALT LAKE COSTUME CO. City State

(Continued on following page) 248 So. Main St., Salt Lake City - Dial 3-1031

JUNE 1952 469 A Study in Good and Evil

(Continued from preceding page) few virtues, limiting the values we do check to those that are more obvious, more external in nature, and GET THESE therefore more readily observed?

And don't we in the process ignore some of the most important, fundamental, and deepseated values? A HELPS WHEN member of the Church might be

considered a "good"man because it is generally known that he pays his you SEE tithing, or that he lives the observable aspects of the Word of Wisdom, or that he attends meetings. But in

spite of having these virtues, as imUTOCO-LAND portant as they are, he may not be essentially honest and upright. On

the other hand, a person may notTHIS SUMMER have become accustomed to regular attendance at religious meetings, or he may break the Word of Wisdom

New Free Booklet "Highway Adventures"in one observable aspect or another,

This booklet proved so popular last year that we have published or he may not see the reasons for a new 1952 edition—even more complete than the previous paying a full tithing; still, if we were

issue. A copy is yours for the asking. You'll appreciate having to sum up all the virtues he does this in your car—for suggestions on week end trips and vacations possess, we should have to conclude

in UtocoLand. that he was not essentially a "bad"

is perfect, for none New Free Fishing Calendar man. None of us

of us lives all the virtues indispensable best the for fishing. This days the shows It's based on moon

is phases and its pocket size. to and in handy add your to complete morality all the time. It may

fishing fun. The suggestion that we follow the

instructions of our religious leaders

Superior Products and Service in order to live more moral lives

Before going on your trip, drive in to your neighborhood Utoco must not be misunderstood to mean dealer for complete car service. Everywhere in UtocoLand, that we are asked blindly to accept

you'll get superior Utoco service and products.. as moral any teaching or precept

simply because it is advanced by m someone in authority or position of lets GO... leadership.good, nor doesGood evildoes becomenot becomeevil,

merely because someone pronounces evil always was good, it so. Good

one whether any wfth utoco! always was evil, p formally stated it or not. No pracUTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY tices become good or evil simply because our leaders call attention to

them. That which is fundamentally

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS good today was good long before Quick, Easy Way to Aids in treatment of Canker, simple anyone called attention to it; whatsore throat and other minor mouth ever is essentially evil today was evil STOP SMOKING

"IT DOESN'T COSTIT PAYS"and throat irritations. long before anyone designated it as

with stop smoking no Now you can first comfortably, easily, the very day—oreffort, such. Our religious leaders constantly

your refunded. medical recent The money that it necessary find to point out we discovery read have about N I you—COHALL'S REMEDY STOP, guaranteed absoiutely harmless, nonnot, will escape cannot hope to, and

toxic, forming. nonhabit Endorsed phyby Salt Lake City, Utah

sicians. Used successfully by thousands. At the results of evildoing, nor miss

your druggist's or mail coupon today for free information about available sizes and the blessings predicated upon living guarantee. moneyback

is the very EARNINGSworkers, students,OPPORTUNITYteachers and many the moral law. For such NICOSTOP, Dept. A, Saint Helena, Calif. Church

Please send free information and prices. othersciples areconcerneddiscoveringwith afurtheringnew and Christianprofitable prinway nature of morality. Those who are

Name of doing so as our representatives. Many have concerned with our welfare and

doubled their income. You too can find joy and

Address.. prosperity right in your own community or enjoy happiness do not create moral values

travel. this challenge Don't miss of a lifetime and distinctions by preaching moralannually. to $6,000 Others making up or more City State Write for "Opportunity Plus."ity—they merely explain them. JOHN RUDIN & COMPANY INC.

1018 S. Wabash Dept. C42 Chicago 5, III. Happy is the man who can feel

470 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA that his religion advocates the inclusion of the complete system of morals which he ought to attempt to incorporate in his daily conduct, not as a lazy means of escape from the responsibility for perpetual thought, analysis, and struggle, however; for Zhere is good

he must remember that all organizations that help in the promotion of music oh the his wellbeing, even the Church itself, are but means to an end. Our greatest Telephone Hour

teacher clearly distinguished between MONDAY NIGHT NBC STATIONS the end and the means to the end, between the law on the one hand, and the development of the children of God on the other. The Sabbath

as an institution was not established for its own sake. In this sense it can Ezio Pinza, Lily Pons, Nelson Eddy, Jose Iturbi

be said that it is but a means to an these are a few of the famous guest stars who appear end. We could similarly characterize on the Telephone Hour, with Donald Voorhees and the

the gospel itself, for it is not the ultiBell Telephone Orchestra.

mate or goal toward which we strive, Cultivate the pleasant habit of listening every but, on the contrary, the path along Monday—7 P.M., NBC Network.

which we progress and finally reach our goal. The Church, as an organiThe Mountain States Telephone & Telegraph Co.

zation, is the instrumentality through which man implements his living of the gospel and achieves his greatest heights, for the Church exists primarily to promote the welfare and happiness of man. In the last analysis, NEED MONEY?

extra use in funds you your Canthe Church is for man—not man for

stake club? If ward, believe or so, wethe Church.

help can you. we

With all the help we can get, it We have some of the finest gift meris, after all, only by our own conavailablechandise atin the Intermountain Area stant study, checking, and improving that we shall at last be able to live WHOLESALE PRICES the good life, the moral life, the reto churches, clubs or other nonprofit ligious life, the abundant life which organizations. Pay for merchandise

the Savior so vigorously taught and Safway Steel Scaffolds AFTER your party or bazaar and so effectively exemplified. RENT YOUR ONLY PAY FOR WHAT YOU

ROLLING TOWERS USE!

FOR FOR KIDDIES:

SPRING PAINTING games,Balloons,(wesmallfurnishtoys,dartsfishfree)pondetc.and dart

These Times AND FOR ADULTS:

CLEANUP Hundreds of funny or worthwhile gifts, (Concluded from page 378) as well as hats, horns, noisemakers, etc.

RATES ECONOMICAL rehearsal infuneral Hampshire."New wards, stakes clubs Many have and 15'ADJUSTABLE to the a referenceThis was used our New Hampwith finanmerchandise great

shire primary where Senator Kefauver ROLLING TOWER COMPLETE cial success. Names furnished on recaptured the Democratic delegation $13.00 1st Week quest.

and left Mr. Truman without delegates $4.40 Each Week Thereafter For full information, write, phone,

from that state. Free Delivery and Pickup in or stop in at

What is the future of the West GerSalt Lake City of Republic, East Germany?man Is a Lynn Hansen MOUNTAIN SALES ANDunited possible? All GerGermany

sure,mans, can be hope for we CO. such Scaffold Co. DISTRIBUTING Stalin, ina day. the spring of 1952, 2857 Grant Avenue

East 479 21st Southundertook offensive a diplomatic to woo OGDEN, UTAH

CITY, LAKE UTAH Phone 9510 OgdenGerman opinion towards obSALT this grand 844439 Phone jective along Soviet lines as the Western allies attempted to incorporate Western

Germany into N.A.T.O. It will be well

for all to watch the emerging attitudes for your family's reading pleasure and opinions of the German people in in thesecentral Europe times, for a

isresurgent THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a key to the future Germany of Europe. 12 Issues $2.50

JUNE 1952 471 WHEN OLD GLORY SAILS THE SEVEN SEAS (Concluded from page 395) France was the first foreign power Motte Picquet, one gun for each of the union be twenty stars, white on a blue to salute the flag of the United States. the states. The men aboard the

field. Captain Paul Jones had sailed into Ranger stood tensely at attention.

It was further enacted that: Quiberon Bay, France, on February And the heavy guns of the French

On the admission of every new state into 14, 1778. From the mast of his frigate frigate answered the salute. As the

the Union, one star be added to the union Ranger, one of the few ships of the men cheered lustily, nine explosions of the flag on the July fourth next succeedline of the United States of America, rolled across the harbor.

ing such admission. proudly flew the flag of the newest Many times since that early day

It is customary for the Secretary nation in the world. in American history, harbors have

of the Navy to notify the bureau of Jones ordered a salute of thirteen echoed the salutes to Old Glory.

equipment when changes are to be guns to the Bourbon flag of a French Proudly she sails with our fleet made in any of the flags. ship commanded by Admiral La through all the seven seas.

c u ntze

MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD QUORUM PRESIDENCIES

the April issue of The Imance, attendance at meetings, and from the quorums can be taken into

Inprovement Era, an article apother similar standards, soon expethe auxiliary work in the stakes and peared on the Melchizedek Priestrienced a rejuvenation. In fact, the wards as the needs require.

hood page under the caption of "Duty entire status of the quorum was lifted In making the selection of men to of Melchizedek Priesthood Quorum to a much higher level. serve in the presidencies of MelchizePresidents to Teach Quorum Members It is a fact that real live priesthood dek Priesthood quorums, it is sugto Live the Gospel."If the goals set quorums are very essential and most gested that the stake presidencies keep

forth in that article are achieved valuable to the stakes and to the the following items in mind:

throughout the Church, it is very wards within the various stakes. First, it is necessary that all presinecessary that all of the quorum presiWhen the priesthood leadership is of dents of Melchizedek Priesthood quodencies in the various Melchizedek a superior quality, the general spiritrums should be men of faith, having

Priesthood quorums be composed of uality of the stakes, and thereby of strong testimonies of the restored gosfaithful, spirituallystrong men, posthe Church, is increased. pel of Jesus Christ.

sessing marked powers of leadership. It has been observed that in most Second, members of all quorum

The old saying, "as the priests are of the areas of the Church the stake presidencies should at all times set a so are the people,"is an eternal truth presidencies have selected strong men good example to the quorum members which applies to priesthood quorums to direct the high priest quorums. by living in harmony with every

as well as to any other organization Also, a number of the presidents of principle, ordinance, and doctrine of in the Church. Quorum members the seventies and elders'quorums are the gospel of Jesus Christ.

rise to highercannot expected be faithful men, having powers marked presiof Third, members quorum their leaders; therefore, stakethan of leadership. there are However, should be not merely dencies chosen

arepresidencies genadvised the by certain ones are presiding over who are keeping the they because comselecteral to priesthood committee the seventies'elders'and quorums who in to addition being but mandments; care great those theywith put whom are strongest the not leaders their in righteous capable be should they men,

ofin presidencies the various the respective quorums. Ofttimes the of possessing unusual powers men,

in PriesthoodMelchizedek quorums strongest elders seventies are and leadership.

their stakes. respective in serving various capacities in the

fill are to selected Fourth, men who of are a examples There number auxiliaries other capacities, and and in positions Priesthood Melchizedek to of the attention havewhich come is the priesthood of deprived work willing presidencies should be and of Authoritiesthe the General Church their leadership. Since priesthood to sufficient to time devote anxious of of averagewhere powers men

first in stands the the and Church 'to their of the the Lord do work asleadership serving have been presidents of quorums, and they have auxiliaries are merely helpers to the job well.

been replaced by superior men who priesthood, the general priesthood Fifth, members of quorum presipossess unusual powers of leadership. committee feels that it is important dencies should be in a position, as

In a very short time the activities in that the most capable men in powers far as their occupations are conthose quorums showed marked imof leadership and righteousness be cerned, to devote much time to provement; and the spirituality of the placed in the presidencies of the Church service at the appropriate

quorum members, judging from the priesthood quorums. After those time that the quorum work requires

tithing records, Sabbath day observselections have been made, other men it.

472 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Jke fne$tion Oi ueH,m% RICHARD L. EVANS

conat Easter to us are that thoughts come here many T suggests. this vital season eternally that events cerning the

It brings always before us the question of death, the question of the loss of those we love, the question of the reality of the resurrection and of everlasting life—and many other

problems that most men ponder upon. Since death is as

universal as birth, since it applies to all people, it seems certain that we shall all sometime suffer some of the sorrow of parting. Perhaps we would postpone that parting forever

if we could, but no matter how long we live, sooner or later either we leave those we love or they leave us. And

this we accept as one of the inevitable certainties. But in

accepting it we are inexpressibly grateful for the assurance that death's permanent power was ended on that first Easter.

We are grateful for the fact that Jesus the Christ was born in Bethlehem and lived and talked and walked among men, and, being put to death, came forth from death and walked once more among men. We well know that there may be

reservations in the minds of many concerning the reality of resurrection and the personal immortality of men, but unless this be fact, there would be futility before us. We may not

understand it. But who are we to rule out of the realm of

reality the things we do not understand? We live in a world

of miracles. We live in a day of miracles. There are miracles all around us—in every spring and harvest, in every

shower and sunset, in every newborn infant, in every breath we breathe, in every thought that wc can recall from the remote recesses of memory. As one penetrating mind suggested, man must not allow "the clock and the calendar to

blind him to the fact that each moment of his life is a miracle and a mystery."1 Life itself is a miracle; and surely

that we shall live always is no greater miracle than that we live at all; and surely that we shall come forth from the Bind Your

grave is no greater miracle than that we first came forth by birth. And so we accept, as witnessed and recorded, the Improvement Eras

reality of the resurrection of Jesus the Christ, through whom we are heirs to everlasting life—and the resurrection of all for Reference

men, for that same Power who gave us life here has given us life hereafter. Preserve your ImproveThe Rediscovery of the Unique, H. G. Wells, as reported by Antonina Vallentin. ment Era copies by having

them bound into permanent Uke Spoken lA/ord FROm temple square yearly volumes. You'll find

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING them excellent reference

SYSTEM, APRIL 13, 1952 sources for your family, and

Copyright, 1952 they are a proud addition to any library. Quality

workmanship and materials will make these volumes last a lifetime.

The cost is just $3.00 per volume

(FO.B. Salt Lake City; postpaid, add

30c. Canada and other foreign

countries add 75c.)

Save your Eras and send them for binding to

Deseret News Press #8 South Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah

JUNE 1952 473 Outlining the Ward Boy Leadership Committee Meeting

Cince we are not yet in a position When leaders get the idea that the Recreation Program to be Considered to supply new Aaronic Priesthood bishop and his counselors call the meetHandbooks to our leaders, we feel the ing and expect their leaders to attend, In addition, during part two in each rather urgent necessity to outline the leaders will attend. The bishoprics who department headed by a member of the

ward boy leadership committee meetare generally disappointed when leadbishopric, the social and recreation proing, which is to be held each month in ers do not attend may be among those gram for the respective age group will each ward throughout the Church. It is who are surprised if leaders come. be reconciled to the proposition that

also realized that these instructions will each of the Aaronic Priesthood, Sunday be particularly helpful to new bishoprics Meeting to be Conducted School, and Y.M.M.I.A. groups repreand new Aaronic Priesthood leaders who in Three Parts sented will be allocated and assigned

are without any instructions in the conits proper share of these attractions for duct of this vital meeting. The ward boy leadership committee boys. It was never intended that any one

meeting is to be conducted in three parts. organization should be given the right

Leaders to Attend The first part of the meeting is a gento do all of the social and recreation eral opening exercise where overall projects for any one age group. The

The ward boy leadership committee, instructions and encouragement are member of the bishopric in charge will headed by, and in addition to, the given by the bishopric and the coeffect such equitable distribution of such bishop and his counselors, is made up of ordinator, and where appropriate anfunctions as will be fair to each organithe following boy leaders: nouncements of common interest to all zational group represented, in keeping

Priesthood Leaders: Coordinator, and present are made. with its standards and requirements in

secretary of the committee; priests'recreation.

quorum adviser; teachers'quorum adPart Two

viser; deacons'quorum adviser. Part Three

Sunday School Teachers: The gospel Part two is a separation into three Part three of the ward boy leadermessage; advanced senior; senior; addepartments. The bishop meets with ship committee meeting is attended by

vanced junior; junior. the priests'quorum adviser, Sunday the bishopric, coordinator, and secre-

Y.M.M.I.A. Leaders: M-Men leader; School teachers of the gospel message tary of the committee, and by Aaronic

Junior M-Men leader; Explorer post adand advanced senior classes, and M-Men Priesthood quorum advisers and should

viser; assistant Explorer post adviser; and Junior M-Men leaders in the Y.M. convene immediately following part

scoutmaster; assistant scoutmaster. M.I.A. Activity records of young men two. Teachers of Sunday School and

to twentyone, seventeen whether deaare leaders once each to meet These Y.M.M.I.A. may be excused when pan

as cons, teachers, priests, or unordained, direction of personal the undermonth two is ended.

the bishop and his counselors. The recorded in the priests'roll, are given During part three, the bishopric and

bishopric should decide upon the date, full consideration in this department. their Aaronic Priesthood leaders will

time, and place of the meeting and, as The bishop makes, and records in the consider strictly Aaronic Priesthood probnearly as possible, fix the date as a roll book, assignments of leaders to lems, such as award standings, advanceuniform time for the meeting each visit young men needing attention, lookments, quorum assignments, training month. ing to their growth in the activities of quorum presidencies, and a host of other

the Church and the living of Church problems too numerous to suggest here.

Not to be Held with Another standards.

bishop's part two, the first Coordinator and Secretary teachers'quoMeeting—Coordinator's Duties counselorDuring meets with the

The ward boy leadership committee rum adviser, Sunday School teacher of The coordinator and secretary of the meeting is not to be held in connection the senior class, Y.M.M.I.A. Explorer committee are free to attend any dewith any other meeting whatever. The post and assistant Explorer post advisers, partment in the meeting, unless specifobjectives of the meeting, and the order and will follow from the teachers'quoically assigned otherwise by the bishop

of business therefor preclude the posrum roll, the same procedure for deacons, or one of his counselors.

sibility of this meeting being held as teachers, and unordained boys fifteen Admittedly, the above outline is brief.

part of another meeting. and sixteen years of age, as outlined However, it is felt there is enough alIt is the duty of the coordinator to above for the bishop's department. ready known about the meeting that

notify, in advance, all of the above The bishop's second counselor, during what is known and that which is sugteachers. He should endeavor to inquire part two, meets in his department with gested above will aid materially in

tactfully whether each person on the deacons'quorum advisers, Sunday School keeping alive and in full and effective committee will be in attendance. He teachers of advanced junior and junior force the ward boy leadership committee

should immediately contact those not classes, and Y.M.M.I.A. scoutmaster and meeting, which, in the final analysis, is

attending each meeting and learn, for assistant scoutmaster. He will follow, the very hub of our program.

the bishop, the reason for absence and from deacons'quorum roll, the same Enthusiasm and intelligent work are report such reason to the bishop. Conprocedure for twelve,- thirteen,- and the only magic words we can think of

tinued absence of leaders from the meetfourteen-yearold deacons and unorwhich describe what it takes to get this ing should receive the personal attendained male members as suggested for work done. Let us all take a generous

tion of the bishop and his counselors. the bishop's department. helping of these virtues, and often.

474 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA [Prepared bu cU.ee—Af. f-aumerTfetlOPB

Challenging Records Aaronic Priesthood

Think it OverWard Teachers Visits

Leaders of Boys Not to Be Made Up

Whom do you think you deVS7e remind Aaronic Priesthood leadceive when you do not live as you ers, on both stake and ward levels, teach? that only a literal filling of requireSurely, it is not God, neither ment number 8 for the Individual CerKAY will be accepted. The tificate of Award

reads: RUDDB. yourYouboys.are the only one really derequirement

ceived when you think you de- A priest or a teacher must serve as a

HbQBmhI ceive someone else. ward teacher and serve in the homes of the

six out of the at least families months—L.A.P.

During his seven years in the quoyear. the of twelve months

rums of the Aaronic Priesthood, Kay Under this requirement, an Aaronic maintained a perfect record of attendPriesthood ward teacher will take credit ance at priesthood and sacrament meetGraduation from Primary for ward teaching only once during any four years has past the he ing. During if are there This means that Not a Prerequisite of month. callperfect established record in the a to six families Aaronic assigned an

ing of teacher. a ward Kay is a memteacher his comward and Ordination to the Priesthood Priesthood of ber Yellowstone the Parker Ward, take credit once only panion, he may

(Idaho) Stake. This is a most comVSJorthy male members of the Church during the month when completing the

mendable record, and if you do not who have reached the twelfth anvisit to these families.

agree, try to match it across a span of niversary of their birth are entitled to Ward teaching may not be "made seven years. be ordained deacons whether they have up."Under no circumstances is an

been enrolled in Primary and graduated Aaronic Priesthood ward teacher to retherefrom or not. ceive credit for ward teaching more

Where boys are enrolled in Primary, than once during any given month, no it is recommended they not be ordained matter how many visits he makes or until after their graduation. This does whether he visits in one or more disnot mitigate against boys since Pritricts.

mary Association officers conduct graduation exercises each month to take care of this very situation. Where boys enAARONIC PRIESTHOOD MEMBERS

rolled in Primary have been ordained AND LEADERS, SAN DIEGO STAKE, before they graduate, some of them have CELEBRATE ACHIEVEMENTS stopped going to Primary and never Fellowship, food, and fun aplenty were the unmistakable evidences of a good time graduate therefrom. Hence the recomwhen the San Diego (California) Stake

CHAD L. ERICKSON mendationmary not bethatordainedboys enrolleduntil afterin theyPriAaronicbishopricsPriesthoodentertainedcommitteetheir andAaronicward

Since he was ordained a deacon three graduate. Priesthood members in celebrating award

years ago, Chad has maintained a perHowever, if bishoprics will sustain achievementsPresident Emeryfor 1951.S. Willardson of the

fect record of attendance at priesthood and support the Primary Association as stake presidency is chairman of the stake meeting, sacrament meeting, Sunday recommended, they will do all in their committee and G. R. Handy is vicechair-

School, and Y.M.M.I.A. He is a member power to encourage all boys to enroll man in charge of this outstanding social

of the Osmond Ward, Star Valley in Primary and to complete their trainfunction.Our eyes are upon San Diego for real

(Wyoming) Stake. ing and graduate therefrom. accomplishments in the Aaronic Priesthood program.

JUNE 1952 475 EditorTODAY'S BURL SHEPHERD,

is the sixth This in a articles Can My Parents Help Me Choose a Vocation? series of addressed

to the problems of the teenager, and especially by Rex A. Skidmore, Ph.D. tofamily.the teenager in the

PROFESSOR OF SOCIOLOGY AND SOCIAL WORK

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

Thousands of different jobs are open and study not of his choosing. Many The teenager may also seek help

to young people today! How can times he felt like a failure. A boy from two other sources: from vocathey best make a choice? Few dewith less character and determination tional guidance at school and from

cisions are more important, for youth might have fallen by the wayside workers in various fields. Aptitude

will want to think about a type of and admitted defeat. and interest tests in high school do

career in which they can find joy On the other hand, Ronald talked not give the final answer, but they and satisfaction the rest of their lives. to his parents several times in junior are helpful because they indicate to

Young men will want to think about high and high school about a vocation. the teenager what some of his abilisecurity for the future. Young women His father, a successful doctor, hoped ties and interests are. Parents may

need to prepare for homemaking; and he would follow in his footsteps. The be able to obtain this service for their

many of them will also want training parents talked to Ronald about studychildren, if it is not available in the for other work, whether in business ing medicine in college but also lislocal school.

or in community responsibilities. tened to him sympathetically when Youth may gain much help in

Youth need to think about what he discussed his desire to go into the choosing a vocation by talking to they want in life and plan for it; for advertising business. They encourpersons in several different "walks

those who plan for their work and aged him to talk to practising physiof life,"asking them to point out the then work their plan are more likely cians and to practical businessmen. good and bad points of their work.

to succeed in their vocations than He still felt he'd like to be a businessParents may introduce their children those who "bounce from job to job."man. His parents gave their approval to acquaintances who may give valuParents may be helpful, for they and support. Today he is vicepresi- able information and suggestions.

are experienced in many ways, and dent of a successful advertising firm, Parents should not set the goals young folk may well talk to their enjoying life to the utmost. for their children too high. They

parents about their hopes and plans should encourage planning and hard for the future. work, but the goals should be posBut parents should remember their sible to attain; otherwise only failure

opportunity is to guide not to force and disappointment will result. Retheir children into vocations. Many member all honest work is honorable

worthwhile kinds of work can be and acceptable. Most youth cannot

discussed in the family, and the teenbecome professional workers or draw ager should be helped in making his top salaries. Whether a boy works

own decision. It should not be made as a carpenter, lawyer, teacher,

for him. Sympathetic guidance, not plumber, or farmer makes little difforce, is the key in aiding youth. ference if he likes his work and thinks

Jim, age sixteen, wanted to be a it is important. Likewise a girl may

farmer. His parents looked forward be successful as a beauty operator,

to his becoming an engineer. After teacher, writer, or secretary if she enhe finished high school, they forced joys her work. Homemaking will

him to go to college, where he failed bring the greatest satisfaction to most miserably. He did "odd jobs"for a girls.

couple of years, and then his parents In choosing a vocation, teenagers, demanded he again try engineering. talk to your parents; read widely

He failed this time, also. Finally, about different jobs; talk to those

he moved to a different state where working in fields of your interest; ache worked as a carpenter's helper cept vocational counseling in school;

until he learned the trade and saved and seek spiritual guidance in making enough money to make a down pay- a choice of your life's vocation.

ment on a farm. Today he is a sucChoose your work wisely, then find

cessful farmer in the midwest but joy and achievement through giving it regrets wasting several years in work—Photo by Eva Luoma your best.

476 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Color In the DINING ROOM wore Camping fun w\t\ Ge\ by A. D. MacEwen

you like to eat (and who doesn't!) BOYCO

If how important it is to have the right color surroundings! When BOYCO'S KOOL KAN is a camping

the family gathers around the table must. Fully insulated, it makes a

for each meal, a strong influence for perfect portable ice box or happiness is at work. Members of beveragesizes. Withcooler.or without4H andspigots,10gal. t

the family are drawn intimately together. The friend and guest experience family hospitality. The timehonored criterion of friendship—to

"break bread together"—is in action.

This, too, is the woman's domain.

The satisfaction of seeing good food, BOYCO'S ALLSTEEL TENT skilfully prepared and thoroughly enSTAKES won't splinter, are joyed, is a source of real satisfaction cinch to drive in the hardest to her. Surely the cook has the right ground. Have a surecatch hook

to insist that the dining room colors to keep tent ropes tight.

enhance the appreciation of her STURDY AND COMPACT, BOYCO'J culinary art! Think of how many camp shovels fill the ticket. They're j

times you've been repelled by garish, just 37"long, have an 8"x 10"blade. Meet government

iiiiiiii iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimii camp requirements

VENTILATED BAIT- (The fourth in a series of articles on BUCKETIt's fullyforgalvanizedfishermen.and

color for today's home) double seamed for extra iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiniii strength. Features a hinged

cover with handy snap.

outof-place schemes in certain vivid greens,restaurants—pinks,

greenishyellows. As individual colors ONEQUART "HIKER"and

(somewhere else) they may be adthree-pint "sportsman"for short are tops canteens either trips. Featuremirable—even pleasant to you—but VNKETCOVERED, galvanized

when seen as your thoughts are on canteen. Water stays cool shoulder strap or belt loop.

is blanket sizes—wet. Four A good whenfood and eating—never! Ideal and 8-qt. for campers 2,4,6,restaurant operator is wideawake

to proper color use as a factor in his business.

Another condition prevalent in the dining room during the meal is that of considerable activity. Seriously,

there really is. One is constantly

passing things and talking as well as tucking away food. The eyes are

on the move, from one person to another, down to the plate, and up again. All this activity, plus the

naturally increased metabolism rate, creates body heat. Eating is a warming business. Logically then, it is See these at your local hardware, department,

wise to choose general mass color or sporting goods store.

(color impact) to counterbalance this condition. Colors should be preUNITED STATES STEEL PRODUCTS

dominantly restful, cooling in their DIVISION character. UNITED STATES STEEL COMPANY

However, we are dealing with an5100 SANTA FE AVE., LOS ANGELES, CALIF. 1849 OAK ST., ALAMEDA, CALIFother major color factor, too. The (Concluded on following page) UNITED STATES STEEL

JUNE 1952 477 COLOR IN THE DINING ROOM (Concluded from preceding page) ture wood tones can be your final food itself. Everyone knows how factors in choosing your personal,

proper display and full natural color favorite tones from the general field of foods enhance appetite and eating of cool, soft colors.

enjoyment. Now, a final word on that dining

Wallpaper, in subdued but pleasroom which is not a room at all but ant design, may be combined with rather an extension of the living room.

correct paint colors to eliminate the This poses a color problem, no mischance for direct color reflection from take about that, as we've said that large unbroken wall or ceiling surwe want a warm color "effect"in the faces. living room, and a cool one in the

You may feel that this urging for dining room. Here we must make

cool -type colors—neutral or well some compromise from the ideal.

"grayed"tones—may result in quite Here are some suggestions. Have

a dulllooking room. But remember the warm tone of the living room

this: In this room, bright, appetizwalls, which extend into the dining

ing color is constantly introduced in area, wellgrayed, and reasonably the tableware, silver, crystal, small light in character. Extend the cooltable ornaments, or flowers—and yes, type color of the living room ceiling

the true appetizing colors of the food down over the one end wall of the itself. Remember, too, that softtoned dining area; deepening it if lighting

colors need by no means be dull will allow. Partially separate the

ones; but do not sell yourself short living and dining areas by low secon eating pleasure by the use of briltional furniture, say a twoway narliant or stronghued colors in "mass"row chest, topped by open shelving

areas. to, or almost to, the ceiling. Finish

This last leads us to the "secondthis in the same cooltype ceiling ary"considerations of dimensioning color (perhaps using glass for the through colors: furnishings and lightopen shelving). Presto!—we've coming. Whether you have light wood promised—but created the correct

or traditional, deepertoned furniture "color impact"in each area, without will guide you to lighter or deeper losing dimensioning, spaciousness, or wall colors, to make the most of the appearance.

particular wood shade. Dining Well—there's the dining room.

rooms, particularly in older homes, Have fun planning your own personal may be less brightly lighted than the color with true function of that color.

living room—so watch this factor in But remember—the proof of this

choosing the depth of the mass colors pudding is truly—in the pleasure of

you select. Lighting and the furnieating!

HULMAN & COMPANY TERRE HAUTE. IND

A PUNCH TREAT!

Dining room in home of H. L. Cromar, used by permission.

478 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IVe lots of time for my children

Ironrite"since I got my

says Mrs. Panl Wagner

244 S. E. 78th Avenue

Portland, Oregon

wife professional man's a children, I had three my 1"As with hands full.

"Ironing was the biggest job of all. It

used to take me from 8 to 10 hours a week, leaving me worn out and too tired to really enjoy my children. But

that was hefore I got my Ironrite

Automatic Ironer!

"Doing a big ironing is no trouble at all with my Ironrite. It irons anything I can wash, saving me many

precious hours each week. With my

Ironrite, my little girls'things and my husband's daily white shirts, which took so much time, are a breeze.

And there's nothing to finish by hand!

"Yes, thanks to Ironrite, I have lots of time for my children, and for many other things I've been too busy for.

Take a tip from me and see your

Ironrite dealer today!

MODEL 85.New,improved,

closedtop IronriteAutomatic Ironer (above).

MODEL 80 (below). Open

model. Also MODEL 88.

Ironrite Cabinette with warpproof hardwood top in brown mahogany or honey blond finish.

2 my"Ironinghusbandclean,is a crispsimpleshirtsjob withfor 3"lronrite's in each endDoallof theironingironingpoints,shoe, get points. They act like handiron Ironrite. It saves me hundreds my

gathers, and tiniest tucks the with its into motions. ironing Why, of

two open ends, I can iron the whole making such hardto-iron things as back of a shirt in 10 to 12 seconds! my little girls'dresses easy."

LOW DOWN PAYMENT. MORE FOR YOUR MONEY ASK ABOUT A FREE

EASY CREDIT TERMS IN AN IRONRITE HOME DEMONSTRATION

Iron rile

All leading appliance stores sell Ironrite!

See YOUR local Ironrite Ironer Dealer

Distributed by

I DESERET APPLIANCE DISTRIBUTORS

142 South 5th West -Salt Lake City, Utah

JUNE 1952 479 UNIQUE PARTY DECORATION By Alan W. Farrant

Having a luncheon or informal be worth the few additional cents it piece of wallpaper to fold once to supper party at your home soon? will cost. fit the envelope selected. The mesWallpaper is an unique idea for A problem presents itself when you sage should be written on the blank

making decorations that are decidedly attempt to reach a decision as to the side of the paper and then folded so different. pattern to buy. Get a small design the design shows when it is removed.

The only expense will be for a roll that will show when the paper is Now for the actual decorations:

of wallpaper, which can be purchased cut into small pieces, and a color First cut oblong mats for each guest's from a paint or hardware store. Be that will not "fight"with the paper plate. Make them large enough in

sure to obtain the heavier quality of on your wall. order to show all around the plate,

paper as it is easier to use and will First the invitations: Cut a single with plenty of room for the knife,

Try a loaf of NEW MILK IMPROVED''Table Queen Bread Today!

Each pound of Table Queen Bread gives you the nonfat milk solids of with 7 OUNCES OF MILK!

VITAMINS and IRON ROYAL BAKING COMPANY ALT LAKE & OGDEN 480 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA fork, and spoon. Then do the same

for the smaller dishes, such as the saucer, sugar bowl, and butter dish.

All of these should have approximately the same shape; however, the

larger ones can have the corners cut off to give a little variety to the appearance. For best effect, put them

on a plain white cloth.

Mats should also be made for the tops of dishes which are to have such things as bread, cookies, or cake.

Make these the same shape and size as the plate used.

Place cards? Out of wallpaper, of

course! After the name is written on

with colored pencil, fold the bottom portion under so the part with the name will stand upright. To make

the place card more attractive, it can be scalloped and colored with a

l/Jou Lan eUJo Jrt 'J'his column for young people, and for any &V&IU Otmce ajfau/ others who wish to take advantage of it, features How eagerly you watch the scale for the steady gain articles of a "howto-dothat means so much to your baby! And the milk that

it"nature. Contributions you put into his bottle plays such an important part in

are welcome and will he the ounceby-ounce gain that tells you "all's well."

considered for publication You can be sure "all's well"when you give your baby at regular rates. Sego Milk. It is always easy for babies to digest.

Always uniformly rich in the food substances of good whole milk. And as safe in its sealed container, as if

there were no harmful germs in the world.

border. Scalloping can be done freescissors, first withhand or drawn on all Milk, gets In Sego too, your baby the vitamin Dthe back with a pencil. col- A solid doctors say to straight, have in order he must develop

ored line, straight and evenly spaced strong bones and sound teeth, and to make the best ofalong the top and two sides, makes an attractive border. growth. All Sego Milk is enriched with vitamin D, the

sunshine vitamin, in pure crystalline form.

Square containers for nuts or mints can be made out of the same paper. Ask your doctor about Sego Milk for your baby.

Napkin rings will also add to the decor.

have gifts or If you game prizes, FREE TO MOTHERS!they in can wallpaper. be wrapped book This handy that makes it easier

If they do not lend themselves readto care for and train your baby.

ily to wrapping in thick paper, put Dozens of the most important questhem in a box and then wrap. yourtions babyabout arethe answeredcare and intrainingthis 64of

page illustrated book. Approved by

like While a sound this may a doctor. Praised wellknown enthulot sJECO,

siastically interin the by mothers itof little work, actually takes very apor/**homogenized west. for mountain free Send yourextra time. finished appearance The this of copy helpful today. book

attractive sowill be..... tf?, u Address: E-4, will be NilK you Dept. Co., Milk Sego

proud of your handiwork, and as Salt Lake City, Utah.

the guests walk in you will be thrilled to hear them say, "What a smart Sego Milk Products Co., Originator of Evaporated Milk in the Intermountain West

idea!"Plants in Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

JUNE 1952 481: v.*:.,,..,,: -::,j-.*

dark bread ever baked

THE BRIDE'S BREAKFAST

Half Cantaloupe

or PineappleAvocado Rings Walnut Waffle Creamed Chicken Broiled Tomato Slices StrawberryCream Roll Milk Buttermilk Postum 11 TOASTS BETTER PineappleAvocado Rings

Arrange crosswise circles of avocado with rings of pineapple on a crisp green leaf. Decorate with a cherry.

Walnut Waffles

4 cups wholewheat flour 5 tsp. baking powder

1 tbsp. sugar

V/2 tsp. salt

4 eggs, separated 2 cups milk!/3 cup cooking oil

\ l/2 cups chopped walnuts Sift flour, measure and sift again with nuts. Beat egg yolks and mix with milk

and oil. Add to dry ingredients all at

one time and stir until just mixed.

Fold in stiffly beaten whites. Bake on

waffle iron according to manufacturer's directions. Serve with creamed chicken.

luxury in my bathroom? Wonderful! MD Creamed Chicken

And MD luxury is so easy to have! Because

MD costs no more than ordinary tissue! So 4 tbsp. flour

feels it can't be whiter! So white tbsp. cooking oil soft—a baby..,.,.. 4

,:':.',.:.'.... tears no softer! And see how strong—MD 2 cups milk

right on the perforations! Yes, you'll unwrap 1 tsp. salt

a new idea of bathroom luxury when you buy

MD Toilet Tissue! 2 canned pimientos, diced

2 drops yellow food coloring 3 cups cooked chicken, diced

Mix flour and cooking oil over medium heat and add 1 cup cold milk. Stir

until thickened and add remaining cup milk and salt, Then stir in pimientos baking powder, sugar, and salt. Add

food coloring, Add chicken a few %%m$m *jiSKP$fi minutes before serving. Serve over waffles.

482 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA s

t As the is Be

LibertyWells RECREATION CENTER

Serves Youth of the Church

in the part materials "selecting plays recreation an important a have Wholesome home—forinvestigatea new part—orin school your own or

best materials: Some of the Church. of the building youth program fachurchIftheseyouBuehner

cilities for this program are offered in recreation centers Buehnercrete Cast Stone like the LibertyWells in Salt Lake City. The top picfor exterior facing and ornamental details.

ture shows the front entrance, which is made more inBlocks of Buehner beauty permanent sparkling, viting with the and shapes, colors and textures. in over 300 sizes

the here, flanking Stone, shown Cast Buehnercrete doors, and in ornamental details above the pillars. The Buehner Lith-I-Bar Joists

lively scene at lower right shows a background wall permanent, termiteproof flooring base.

of attractive, soundabsorbing, yet inexpensive Buehner Other Buehner Building Materials

Red Lava Blocks, left exposed in their natural color and such as lifetime aluminum windows, perimeter heating, texture. masonry paints and other building accessories.

.

OTTO BUEHNER & CO. BUEHNER BLOCK CO. BuehnerCrete Architectural Cast Stone Concrete Masonry Units

CONCRETE PRODUCTS 640 Wilmington Ave. 2800 South West Yempte

JUNE 1952 Bride's Breakfast

(Concluded from page 482)

Broiled Tomato slices NALLEY'S

Cut unpeeled tomatoes in thick slices, - for Qualify... sprinklebutter, andwith placesalt andundersugar,broiler,dot withlow

economy, too! heat,slices mayfor fivebe sautedmiutes.in Orbuttertheor tomatobacon

fat in frying pan.

StrawberryCream Roll

4 eggs, separated % cup brown sugar 1 tsp. vanilla

% cup finely ground wholewheat flour ]/4 tsp. salt

1 tsp. baking powder

strawberries, crushed or sliced whipping cream

Beat egg yolks until thick and creamy.

Add 2 tbsp. sugar and vanilla. Then

beat egg whites until almost stiff; add

remaining sugar and beat until very stiff. Fold yolks into whites. Fold in

sifted dry ingredients. Spread batter in

shallow pan 10"x 15", lined with waxed paper. Bake in moderately hot

oven (375 F.) about 12 minutes. Remove from oven and loosen edge of

cake with knife. Turn out on towel

sprinkled with white flour or powdered sugar. Lay waxed paper on top of

cake, roll quickly. Wrap in towel;

cool. Unroll, remove paper, spread with

whipped cream and berries. Roll again.

Cut in slices and garnish with an added spoonful of berries and a dab of whipped cream.

HANDY HINTS

Payment for Handy Hints used will be one dollar upon publication. In the event

that two with the same idea are submitted, the one postmarked earlier will receive the dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

but each will receive careful consideration.

A good substitute for soap, when traveling, is a tube of shaving cream.

It's easy to pack, and there is no waste or muss. Mrs. E. M., Canton, Ohio.

If the wind makes your bedroom door

Set a fine table with these famous Westrattle, silence it by the simple trick of ern foods—featured by your grocer at stretchingknob on thea wideinsiderubberto thebandknobfromon thethe

everyday budget prices. Look for the outside of the door. The rubber will

Nalley label when you shop—and keep deaden the sound. Mrs. R. M. M.,

Lansing, Michigan.

quality on your pantry shelves!

nauey s tacoma. washinc. Canvas tennis or gym shoes will scrub

up whiter if you add one teaspoon of

From Nalley Valley... Where Good Flavors Grow—M.bleachG.,to Elmhurst,the basin L.of I.soap and water.

484 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "PRETTYUP"YOUR So Easy RATHROOM to Make by Ruth Jeffrey by

NATURAL FOOD TEAS

4 ALVITA FAVORITES in convenient indidays when bathrooms simply Made in Minutes with vidual service tea bags... Themust be a sterile, hospitallike

ALFALFA MATE white are past. We like color in Sure, Dependable ALFALFAMINT "PEPPERMINT

that includes homes and...you'll Hot or iced find fine our wholesome, our LCP* Jam and wallgaily-colored bathrooms; and quality natural ALVITA food teas please

your taste...and tea bags make serving paper and paint can be as sanitary

so much easier. as white. Washable wallpapers Jelly PECTIN

ASK FOR IT AT YOUR LOCAL HEALTH FOOD STORE are on sale in all wallpaper depart- (For 1 Recipe) ments, or you can protect the wallHERE'S BUY! with chosen have paper that you ALVITA PRODUCTS CO., PASADENA, CALIF.

lbs.) quarts (3WHAT 3 fullyYOUripe berries

it variety; lbs. 4 finish that sugar;. M.C.P... any washable 1 package a will make

waterproof while at the same time Pectin;lemons 14or sevenounceM.C.P. Lemonglasses;Juice paraffin;for Straw-2

as recommended in bringing color and cheer to the berry Jam and Black Raspberry Jam.

DO! YOU WHAT

1 stem, grind berries, Wash, or and crush is time at a so each berry reduced Reader's Digest walls.You can paper the walls with HERE'Slayerto pulp.

berries into large NEW ainexpensivegray and muslinpink paper,curtainsdyethe yourpink 2. Measure exactly 6 level cups crushed out last cup, if necessary.kettle. Add (NOTE:water to Forfill

Strawberry jam and Black Raspberry Jam flowers, the of buy and you when FROMFAUCETSJ?OLD M# 53/4 use cups berries crushed cup and Vi

fresh or M.C.P. Juice.) each Lemon stick to gray, towels, pink and new

3. M.C.P. stir Pectin, Add well, bring to to color carry Or, scheme. out the boil, stirring constantly. with new

level add (precups sugar NOW, 8V2 XX */ green, or 4. prefer yellow and if you measured), viously full well, mix to bring

boil, rolling 4 BOIL EXACTLY MINUTES. select or white, wallpaper red and ROTATE NO fire, 5. let stir boil subside, from Remove

in point colors. paint those The 5 for turns skim minutes. and by ER FAUCET WASH 6. sterilized into Pour glasses, allowing is, the clinical white get from away for Vzva.. sealing paraffin. fresh space with fauleaking wasteful, nervenagging, Stop

HERE'S WHAT YOU GET! cets—even old ones that otherwise might notthat atis unfriendlyall necessary,in theto homehave andthe

have to be replaced—with NOROTATE,

room sanitary and attractive.

the amazing washer written up in Reader's

Digest. NOROTATE outlasts ordinary

washers 10 to 20 times because it plugs READ THE LABEL 14 SEVENOUNCE GLASSES OF THE

FINEST BERRY JAM YOU EVER TASTED!

shut instead of grinding away with every HThe shopper for today's family is turn of the faucet. Used for many years by encouraged to read labels analytlarge hotels, hospitals and other public ically in purchasing manufactured

install buildings. ordinary to with Simple items. drugs, foods, and other Some- H'S JAfA driver household screw wrench, tools—labels, actually unnot times though JELLY

for use! available and pliers. home Now are land because dishonest they true, are

INSURANCE misleading. To help the consumer to

YOUR DEALER HAS THEM NOW! an awareness of labels and their importance, the Food and Drug AdNEED EXTRA MONEY? ministration has recently published a

SELL CHRISTMAS CARDS, Stationery, and gift items.

Big profits—Up to 50%. Special Plan for Church bulletin "Read the Label."It is

FundRaising Programs. Send

... approval. Write on today for actual samples available from the Superintendent of A Product of

SERVICE BOOK AND CARD CO. Documents, Government Printing OfMUTUAL CITRUS PRODUCTS CO.

8811 PICO,E. WHITTIERCALIFORNIABLVD. fice, Washington 25, D. C. at 15c Established 1928 Anaheim, California

L.D.S. Owned and Operated (cash) a copy.

JUNE 1952 485 That MissionaryALL-O-WHEAT NO ATTACHMENTS products

Ben E. Rich are

with the {Continued from page 403) with: "I think now by this recognition that you will have more friends \IAJucun4din the South,"and the presidential

are They made f i nest ANKER parade continued on to its appointed the whole ZIGZAG meeting. wheat and contain ALLfromthe

The President of the United nutrition and goodness of the

States was right. Newspapers reENTIRE wheat kernel!

ported the incident, and afterwards SERVE YOUR FAMILY

Ben E. Rich was looked upon and lots of

treated in Chattanooga as a person this complete Breakfast Cereal of importance and distinction.

An able debater, a keen student,

Incredibly versatile, yet his reputation grew first throughout it's the smoothest, easiest the Church and then throughout the sewing machine you ever nation as a defender of the Church its his doctrines. In career and as IT'S STEEL CUT Just touch the builtsaw. mission a president dehe met and

their health! protects and in STITCH-O-METER and gentlewith bated many Christian

do: men of prominence. Always he left Also ALL-O-WHEAT Rolled Wheat Flakes

listenhis a strong impression Flour upon Pancake ZIGBUTTON- Flour ers he and opponents. Always was ZAGGING HOLES at your grocers Ask for them fearless a of the gospel expounder

BUTTONMONO- SEWING GRAMING ofidealJesusmissionary.Christ. He was indeed an TODAY or write to ALL-O-WHEATOGDEN, UTAH BLINDHEM- President Rich used to recall how STITCHING STITCHING one day, as a youngster, he was

APPLIQUE EMBROIDERY playing marbles on the street near and Wonderful Straight the Old Tithing Office in Salt Lake

Sewing... City. He was barefoot, with ragged

trousers and a worn shirt, and his

Guaranteesf a Lifetime hat had a hole in it. A gentleman

passing up the street stopped and said to him, "My boy, what is your name?""My name is Ben E. Rich."

"Where is your father?"

"My father is in England on a mission.""Well, my boy, I want you to come with me."

"Now what have I done?"

"You haven't been doing anything, but I want to do something

Full Selection of Fine nice for you."

Cabinets and Desks "Well, if you will wait until I

LIBERAL TRADEIN finish this game, I will go with you,"The man waited until the game

For the Name and Address was over and then took the young of your local dealer, phone man up the street, saying, "I'm goor write... ing to take you into my store."

WILLIAMS are"But,"down Benthat protested,way.""the stores

Sewing Machine Dist. Co. "I know, but I have one up this

808 So. State Salt Lake City, Utah way,"and they went through the

Phone 9-5512 Eagle Gate together. Finding the

manager, he said, "I want you to Dealers franchises available.

fit this young man with new shoes MAKERS

Special discount to and stockings and a new suit of

Church Organizations clothes, a shirt, and a hat that will MARCAL PAPER NAPKINS 486 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA fit him, and give him an extra shirt, two suits of underwear, and an extra pair of stockings."Turning to

Ben, he continued, "Now, youngman, this gentleman will fix you up In the store so that you will be the bestdressed boy in Salt Lake City, and I want At your door you to go home and take your bundle with you and tell your mothSame top quality er that you ran across Brother Brigeither way you buy ham."From that day on Ben E. Rich Produced in the high

was a devoted, personal friend of mountain valleys of

Brigham Young. the Wasatch mounOn the thirtysecond wedding tains—famous for

anniversary of his marriage to his rich, nutritious grasses wife, Diana Farr Rich, he paid the and cool mountain following tribute to her in a letter streams.

to their son, Benjamin L. Rich:

Through sunshine and storm your mother has been the light and the inspiration of my life. She has rejoiced with me in prosand

perity, side as stood a comfortand by my HILAND despair. of in almost hours Sheing angel

has been an anchor of hope and a harbor HOME DELIVERY DIV.

of safety to all my life. From the first moOF HILAND DAIRY

beheld eyes she wasment her I knew my at Millbrook shudder mine.born to I sometimes be

what might have been my fate had I never 400

UNITS often I her, OF VITAMIN havemet and knows how God D 3-5724 to for her MILKS his sending holypraised IN BOTH name me. She has always been the light of my

soul, the life of my creation, and the strength of my heartstrings. No better, no

truer, no more devoted, and no more noble wife has God ever given to man. As a

heavenly queen of a wife, so has she been as a mother. To her children she has been

a guardian angel in nursing and protecting and watching over her little ones throughout all the years of their lives. To seethem honest, noble, and good has been the herever

ambition of her very soul. Willingly wouldshe have laid down her life at any moment you go...

to have shielded them from wickedness. Her

faith in God was only equaled by her ambition to see her children good and great.

She will be a queen hereafter and may we be with her. Thank God she is by my side

tonight....

TO A BRIDE'S HOUSE By Elaine V. Emans enioy

A gainst the wiles of weather, Roof, be ** stout; Take care you open easily, new Door,

To callers and his coming, but shut outThe smallest enemy. Be firm, new Floor. ffiitos

Windows, be quick to let the starlight in

As well as sunlight through your curtained glass; And, Walls, be beautiful, but never thin or to sharp wordEnough let a dream pass. CALL CARL CAMMANS FOR HEADQUARTERS the L.D.S. f "Blind Man"for Little quiet, they House, wouldBe when IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA k A ALUMINUM AWNINGS rest.

STORM ALUMINUM WINDOWS song, every in day, laughter and youHold VENETIAN KING'S REST ALUMINUM BLINDS YE MOTEL possessed newness, very beAnd, by your COLUMBIA SHADES WINDOW 526 STREET 5TH SOUTH for to the confidence give long—TermsOf them—Easy B. Dr. Foutz, Harold Owner

Strange way ahead of them, which at the Edgar H. Foutz, Manager start UTAH Venetian Blind Co. Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout

Seems curiously difficult to chart. 2420 So. State, Salt Lake CityPhone 6-8764

JUNE 1952 487 0Wl

Korea On page 158 of the March Era a photograph credit Dear Editors:

line was given for the Arizona Temple picture to Edward have just received my first copy of The Improvement Era

O. Anderson, Church Architect. Some of our readers I made possible by my elders quorum, and I'm very grateful

have inquired concerning the architects of the building. for the close association I have with the Church while over

Plans for the Arizona Temple, which is thought by many here. The articles and stories are very enlightening.

to be the most beautiful building in this section of the Thanking you for a fine magazine, country, were drawn by the firm of Young and Hansen. Sincerely,

hi Sgt. Bob Mower

Crystal, New Mexico Dear Editors: Gresham, Wisconsin

am one of the Lamanite sisters. May I express the feelings Dear Editors:

I in my heart, the appreciation and my best wishes to the was pleased, surprised, and thrilled to find the "Story or good people who sent The Improvement Era, which we have I Yellowface"in the March issue of the Era. Being a member

greatly enjoyed reading, both The Improvement Era and the of the Lamanite race, I enjoyed it very much. The story

Relief Society Magazine. Years have passed since I joined the meant a lot to me because it seemed I had heard it or read

Church of Latterday Saints. We know the very true gospel it before. I was sure of this, and on looking through my keepof our forefathers are told by our Latterday Saint missionaries sakes my convictions were rewarded for there I found a typewhere our Lamanites in darkness dwell hoping for a lighter day written copy of the story that had been given to me shortly

to come. Preach the gospel to the Lamanites. God's promises after my conversion (about four and a half years ago) by one

are true. Elder Smith from Coutts, Alberta, Canada.

I was thankful to have the chance to help teach the great I would like to say thanks to Brother Heath of Bountiful, gospel to our people. We've sown many seeds—some will fall Utah, for subscribing to the Era for me. Thanks also to the

on stony ground and some will fall on fertile soil. We know editors for such a fine magazine. I enjoy every bit of it from

God's promises are true. So let's obey this great command, cover to cover.

preaching the gospel. Thanks again and keep printing those fine stories like "YelAnd here I ask in a humble prayer the Lord's blessings to be lowface,"and "Until We Reach The Valley."

with the leaders of our Church. Amen. Appreciatively your

Your sister in the great gospel, Lamanite Brother, hi Mrs. Ruth Polacca hJ Thomas Peters

AN ACHIEVEMENT RECORD Here are five couples—each a Golden Gleaner and Master M Man—together with their families, who are no doubt planning right now to be Golden Gleaners and Master M Men as soon as possible.

They are, first row left to right: Marjean Toone and daughter Susan; Ada Jean Hill and son Jay; Lola Holbrook and son

Val; Leah Chamberlain and daughter Joy; and Elaine Holbrook and daughter Kristine.

Second row: Jury Toone and son Kent; Earl Hill and daughter Elaine; Reid Holbrook and son Scott; Alvin Chamberlain

and son Tommy; and Dean Holbrook.

They are members of the Bountiful Sixth Ward, Bountiful (Utah) Stake, which also has Tom Rasmussen as a Master M

Man, and Betty Cabaness, Marjorie Hogan, Bonnie Hart, Delores Adamson, Shirley Haacke, and Shirley Manwaring are

Golden Gleaners. The entire group of six Master M Men and eleven Golden Gleaners are active in officering or teaching in

their ward.

488 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA its Vbu Know Good

Its Guaranteed

to Satisfy!

Here's our Guarantee: Use new, imPremium Motor Oil will satisfy you.

proved Phillips 66 Heavy Duty PreIt surpasses the recommendations of mium Motor Oil for ten days—or up motor car manufacturers for engine

to 1,000 miles. Then, if you aren't lubrication. It provides a new high

satisfied on every count, go to any in Lubritection!

Phillips 66 Dealer and he'll arrange Phillips 66 Heavy Duty Premium for a refill, using any available oil Motor Oil is truly "heavy duty."It

you want, at our expense! does an outstanding job in trucks as Elimml How can Phillips make such a well as giving your car an extra

daring guarantee? Here's why: we margin of protection. Try it today.

know that Phillips 66 Heavy Duty We guarantee satisfaction!

Gef ready for Summer with "66 Service"

STOP AT STATIONS WHERE YourtenancePhillipsServices66 toDealerput yourofferscar6 Safetyin trimServicesfor warmand 6weatherMainYOU SEE THESE SIGNS driving.battery andFor safety,cable, radiatorhe'll checkhose,tires,andlights,fan windshieldbelt. For maintewipers,

nance, he'll change motor oil, lubricate the chassis, check spark plugs, wheel packing, transmission and differential, and drain and flush the cooling system. Drive in today for "66 Service."

9P Gef New, Improved 'liiMfSSf/Olt

Desert Guardian

Herald of Spring in the Southwest, the Yucca or "Spanish Bayonet"sends up beautiful spires of bell - shaped flowers—well protected by a ring of

sharp bayonetshaped leaves.

Like the leaves of the Yucca, Beneficial Life Insurance is a guardian, too... protecting your family from

financial want.

Remember: each year of delay in

starting adds to the cost of your life insurance program. Make a date now

with the friendly Beneficial Life Insurance agent in your community.

BENEFICIAL LIFE Insurance Company David O. McKay, Pres. Salt lake City, Utah

Over onequarter Billion Dollars of

Life Insurance in Force.

;j*tf*