ITTTO nMrgfrTiTri DRd

:. I, * '*#

|ft iv| **

1 '*'*1K "*

feaK**.

* a

% I

Published as a contribution to the Blood

Donor Service, American Red Cross, by

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY CO.

It won't hurt a bit"America is one of the few nations whose needed. * The American Red Cross has

children can "play war", shielded from charge of blood collection, processing and its grim reality.. thanks to their brothdistribution. Metropolitan Blood Donor

ers and fathers at battlefronts. Give your Centers extend their service, through Moblood that these men may live! No pain bile Units, to neighboring communities.

. no disagreeable after effects.. only a Your local Red Cross chapter can tell you

a few minutes required. * The need is deshow and where to make an appointment.

perate, constant* The precious plasma Volunteer today. Your blood may save a

must be there, whenever, wherever neighbor's son or your own from death.

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

S E RVING UTAH l\ AND WYO MING.:

PEOPLING of% Reirfy to Serve! AMERICA

are ready at all times to By DR. CHARLES E. DIBBLE v.vSS:0:S:::S:|-:-:-:v:mmmmMm to provide wholesome

i nourishment for children alike. and grownups of discovery the the NewSince

of interest in the problem World, rich, distinctive Their the peopling of America has never abated. The science of anthropology flavor, their ovenfresh-

has gathered and sifted evidence and ness makes them a favorformulated theories of origin. The

theories fifty years hence may not be those of today, for, as new evidence aplain. West.

pears, scientists reject, revise, and reformulate.

One trend is discernible to the student of aboriginal origins: the peopling

of America is not to be explained as one migratory wave, nor as a series of migratory waves from the same point or over the same route. Man's coming to

America is to be explained by a diversity of migrations which took place over an extended period of time.

A resifting of the evidences of American origins has been presented by Jose

Imbelloni, chief of the division of anthropology in the Argentine Museum of Natural Sciences. Mr. Imbelloni has

given special attention to the origin problem since 1926, and he writes of his research in the latest issue of the anthropological publication Acta Americana.

Mr. Imbelloni asserts "that to assign

American man as a whole to the Mongolian branch, severed as a branch, even J/ul L D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

fact."is contrary to believes that He

the peopling of America was the result of widespread processes which may be <ummer cJeQjermlisted as a succession of migratory waves

1 The Tasmanid...

day Tasmanians ) who( similarcame totopresentoccupy offers important advantages extreme South America and parts of northern California. * A threemonths'start over students who wait till September.

somatic type 2. A Melanesian of low * Smaller classes—with greater opportunity for individual instruction.stature (seed gatherers) occupied who

the eastern plateau of Brazil, the Mat- * Convenient location... comfortable classrooms... delightful

to of the Amazon forest, northern Mexienvironment.

co, and the southern portion of the

California peninsula.lower

premongoloid Australian type FILL OUT AND MAIL THE COUPON 3. A

called theof nomadic Planids huntsman

L. D. S. Business College

in time, which,and Pampids, occupied 70 North Main Street the plains of North America and the Salt Lake City 1, Utah information Pleas send about your courses of study, methods of instruction, freepampas etc. service, employment 4. A ofmongoloidSouth America.element (Amazonids ) whose habitat in the New World Name....

is exclusively South America. Address

5. The PuebloAndid group which

has its seat in the southwestern United

States and the Andes. They were predominately mongoloid and practiced

intensive agriculture. in the North American northwest and the peopling of America. Certainly, as

6. The Isthmid group related to the Canada; the Columbides and the EsquiCentral America and South America are

peoples of Indonesia, whose influence males. more thoroughly explored and studied,

extended throughout Central and South Mr. Imbelloni's multiple origin theory the answer to the problem of origin will

America. clearly indicates that we have years of call for a continued reevaluation of

7. Lastly came groups which settled research ahead of us on the problem of the known evidences.

MAY, 1944 257 <Z7/U LkalUenae to "Era the Lkurck improvement"THE GLORY OF GOD IS INTELLIGENCE

F BrideWallaceof Mothe (m iiflC <m Mt r n mTm[ iilflffiTmm n)m.tiffin i.lw >IM -tf nrfl M itffflT di M iflffi tfffln tm iff m itff iifr nf mT im

States Southern MisMAY, 1944 VOLUME 47, NO. 5 sion, Carolina South

Branch, sent in twenty "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"tenyear subscriptions Official Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement

Era. to the Our hat's Associations, Department of Education, Music Committee, Ward

off to this upand-comTeachers, and Other Agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ ing district of a wideLatter-day Saints of awake mission! In his

letter, he said: "During the present period

of prosperity, to secure as submany tenyear scriptions to the Era as Jhe (Editor 5 /4 Lsidjrashioned possible, that this most Testimony and Blessing President Heber J. Grant 269

valuable magazine IA/oman may flow into the of our people homes during the years of de- (shurck reatuitei /""'ertainr* ioned valuesold - fashare pression which are cerConference Addresses Index 259 timeless, even in a tain the presto follow Clark, The J, Reuben Way of Unity conflict."ent world Christ Resurrected The David O. McKayJr. 270272 worldone ofof thechange.chiefAndof

FinancialM Men BasketballReport Carries On Les Goates 292300 valuethese isof thehomeunendingand Jke Lcover Evidences and Reconciliations: LXXVHI—What Tithes mother. But what pride

and Offerings Were Required of Ancient Israel? lies in a Mother's Day great tabernacle THE has attracted numJohn A. Widtsoe 305 celebration when those

berless thousands of Soldier Contact Work, DurGenealogy: Cemetery Records, who would honor her

tourists who have visham Morris 268 ords, Ellen Hill 315 do not adhere to the ited Temple Square. The Church Moves On 302 Music: The Bishop and His truths which she

Musicians, Tracy Y. CanSaints, Latterday in their To taught them Priesthood: Melchizedek 312 non 316 it is a than more years? early Aaronic 313 Choir, Afton North Ward it is curiosity: sym- a

all the precious Not Schreiner Alexander 314 316 Ward Teaching faith of bol works; and

faith that even under gifts in a world of pioneer conditions they wealth can equal the could build a worthy special -jreateatwras devotion from a life in edifice in which they accordance with the could worship their Thoughts for the Service Man's Quiet Hour—II ideals which she holds

Eternal Father, fitting-.Hugh B, Brown 278 dear.

ly by word and music. Apostate Factions Following the Martyrdom of Joseph

is study cover The Cecil Bickerton 279 E. McGavin Smith—William the Orof Jeano work Estelle 286 Dearest Mother Thomas Webb lando. and Editorial that 290 Executive Levi Greece Glory Edgar Young The Was

Offices: Letter Writing..H* the Driggs 296 Most of Your Making Wayne

The Spoken Word from Temple Square....Richard L> Evans 298 50 North Main Street,

Editors The Peopling of America, A Plea for Our Trees, Henry Salt Lake City 1, Utah.

Heber J. Grant Charles E. Dibble 257 H. Graham 297 Copyright 1944 by MuJohn A. Widtsoe Exploring the Universe, FrankHoming: On the Home Front, tual Funds, Inc., a CorManaging Editor lin S. Harris, Jr 260 Frances C. Yost 306 poration of the Young

Richard L Evans Telefacts 260 Today'sHandy HintsPaper Problem....307306 Men'sment AssociationMutual Improveof the

Associate Editors A Soldier's Letter to His Cook's Corner, Josephine Church of Jesus Christ of

Archibald Mother, Webb....264 B. All Nichols Saints. 308 Latterday C. Marba Josephson Books 311 from rights reserved. Subscripthe Camps 265 News William Mulder

Letter for to Mother's Advertisers Index 340 Day, tion price, A a year, $2.00

General Manager Bernice Brown.266 Your Page and Ours 352 in advance; 20c single

George Q. Morris copy.

Associate Manager Cdluonaii Office,EnteredSaltat Lakethe City,Post

Lucy G. Cannon secondclass as Utah, 304 Conference The

for matter. Acceptance Business Manager Being Productive 304 On special of rate at K. John Orton Day Marba..WilliamC. JosephsonMulder On Mother's in for provided 304 mailingpostage

National Advertising section 1 1 03, Act of OcRepresentatives authorized tober, 1917, 1918. Francis July 2, M. Mayo, storied, ioetiy

Salt Lake Era Improvement The City Green Jacket James P* Sharp 297 is not responsible for unEdward S. Townsend, Poetry Message for Mother, Syl262 A

manuscripts, but San Francisco via Frontispiece: These Shall Re315 solicited P. Young

Dougan and Bolle, ceive, LaRene K. Bleecker..267 Solution for April Crossword welcomes contributions.

Chicago and The Isles of Greece, Lord ByPuzzle 346 All manuscripts be must ron 290 New York suffiaccompanied by

Audit Bureau of Member, Circulations LM.gM.jCS j&j? *& & ar jBat * ar i 4$ j& dF & MM jt ar jCjSLS:. M MJk cient postageand return.for delivery

CIRCULATION FOR THIS ISSUE: 97,000

258 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Photograph by

Homer Wakefield HISTORICAL I i2j *J&* ''? rndex. * BRIGHAM YOUNG THE COLONIZER, by Dr.

of the settlement account pioneers under the APRIL CONFERENCE Miltonof the GreatR. Hunter—anBasin by Mormon

is this along ADDRESSES storyleadershiptold ofthatBrighamthe readerYoung.seemsSo carriedvividly

Authorities of the Church Sustained 303 as a part of the fastmoving drama. Four hundred of authentic, pages fascinating reading forBenson, Ezra Safe- T., Spirituality—a family. the whole Price, S3.00 guard Against Delinquency 287

Bowen, Albert E., "He Is Risen from

the Dead"283 INSPIRATIONAL Callis, Charles A., After the War 282 *

Church of the Air Broadcast 283, 338 UNTO THE HILLS, by Richard L. Evans-a

Clark, J. Reuben, Jr., The Way of compilation of the author's "spoken word."the

Unity 270, 350, 351 thoughts that have accompanied the Tabernacle

Evans, Richard L. 322, 338 Choir broadcasts. This 150page volume demonFinancial Report.. 292 stratesple language,a truth expressedburdened within thea bookmessageitself:of "Simplain

Grant, Heber J., Testimony and Blesand honest truth, strikes deep into the hearts and

sing 269 thoughts of men...."Price, $1.50.

Ivins, Antoine R., 327

Kimball, Spencer W., The Sabbath Day 285 INSPIRATIONAL 332 *Kirkham, Oscar A. THIS L. DAY AND ALWAYS, by Richard

B., Lee, Harold The Gospel Plan 284 companion the Hills."book to "Unto Evans—a

McKay, David O., The Resurrected Here is a book you will enjoy "dipping into"

Christ 272, 335, 350 constantly. The range of subjects... the depth

McKay, Thomas E. 325 of thought... the simplicity and beauty of exqualities combine to make this a

Price, $1.50.Merrill, Joseph F., Efficacy of Prayer -281 pression—thesetreasured volume.

Mission Presidents'Picture 303

Petersen, Mark E., Response to a CalL 288Richards, George F., Gospel Thoughts 275 DOCTRINALRichards, LeGrand, Tithes and Offer- * SIGNS TIMES, FieldElder Joseph OF THE by ings 295 ing lectures. compilation of In these Smith—aRichards, Stephen L, Who Shall Lead crime, of war, days interestit is and oppression,

Them 277 ing and important to note the signs of the times

Romney, Marion G. 343 as they unfold before us. Thoughtful readers

Smith, George Albert, The Foundations will want this 170page interpretative volume.

of Happiness 274 Price, $1.25.

Smith, Joseph Fielding, Our Perpetual

Debt 276 ORDER NOW:Smith, Joseph F., An Indissoluble CO THE1465 StateBOOKCRAFT Street, South Salt Lake City Oneness 289

Please the send books checked below.4, Utah

334Smith, Nicholas G.

check or money order enclosed.

Sonne, Alma 347 D Please send C.O.D.

Tabernacle Choir and Organ Broadcast 338 LJ The Story of the Mormon Pioneers $2.00 The Great Answer...$2.00

S. By Mabel Harmer By Margaret Lee RunbeckTaylor, 341 H. John Saint $2.50 In the The Gay Gospel Net $1.25 D

Bailey Paul By A. By John Widtsoe A.,Widtsoe, Courage for Crisis....280 John California the Brannan Morand Sam Evidences Reconciliations and $1.85

Wirthlin, L. $1.75 mons Joseph 329 A. By John Widtsoe

Young, Clifford E. 328 For This My ByGloryPaul Bailey $2.50 Signs ofBytheJosephTimesFielding Smith $1.25

Bailey Paul By Perfection Way to $1.25 Beauty, Edgar, Levi Truth,Young,

This $1.50 and Always Day Joseph Fielding By Smith Goodness 294 L. Richard By Evans... Brigham the Colonizer Young $3.00

Hills the Unto $1.50 Dr. R. By Milton Hunter to addition the Note: above In complete L. Richard By Evans Thunderhead $2.75

Apostle $3.00 The authoritiesaddresses the general of the by By Mary O'Hara

Sholern Asch By Long, Long Ago $2.75 deliveredchurch, were four Dr. Frankby Lincoln...$3.50 Abraham By Alexander Woollcottlin Sr., Dr. Franklin S. L. West, Harris, By James Dougherty

Surgeon Burma $3.00President Smith, President A. David Name and

Gordon By S. Seagrave, M.D. A. Israelson, in which not appear doJohn Address Standards Gospel $2.26

this issue, will later but in the which appear By Heber J. Grant Your attention. orders will receive prompt

conference pamphlet.

MAY, 1944 259 TEilFACT WAR STIMULATES U. 1 RADIO PRODUCTION,

MONTHLY

RATE

130 MILLION

JAN. [I [I Ml [I

1944 ] III Hi] $290 MILLION

MCTOGRAPM COWOHATION

curred, much lower than the insuHn and metrazol shock methods.

TPhe blue color of the ocean results * from the sea water's absorbing red light ten times more than blue.

that's iHE propellant powder in a gun burns 4rp * a second, of only rate at a two feet By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

fast, in is very explosion the rate an but with nitroglycerin as great as five miles in regulations Angeles dimout Los rTTHE a second.

light the the from so decreased -*- have

INSTANT COOKING city scattered back from the sky to the Tn 1943, there were 6,764 new books

Whole Wheat CEREAL 100inch telescope on nearby Mt. Wil- * published in the United States, acphotographic can exposures that be son Almost Publishers'Weekly. to cording

stars faint for withas long twice made of fiction, twothirds were thousand a stir into Simply in ZOOM in light the increase showing out an five juveniles, hundred over thousand a... boiling water salted background. sky as military, almost with technical and

4 its serve enjoy good and religion. philosophy and on many

taste! Nothing could be simRooking tests have found that just 4

of spraythe weight a quarter over is equivalent to Birds, including homing pigeons, canpler... what dried egg powder whole

could be tastthe liquid egg. not "fly blind."It has been found

that when they run into fog or clouds, ier! It's good released an from blindfolded are and or treated cases 7,000 have been /Vver too! for wings set their a glide airplane for you they for the electricshock therapy -* with at once. land and severe praecox, paranoia, dementia and

melancholia. By giving an electric shock

lasting for a fraction of a second to the HPhere are no cases on record of brain, the convulsion which follows may -* deaths or permanent ill effects from restore the brain to normal. Under airsickness. There is only temporary

proper supervision only four deaths ocdiscomfort.

NOW!

Fisher's BISKIT 1 TELEFACT MIX 1 EQUIPMENT OFWITHAMERICAN HOMESWITHOUT

Unrationed! With

quality shortening RADIO 1 666666661 iA fluffed"right into it!

BUY WHILE IT'S PLENTIFUL ELECTRIC LIGHTS

AT YOUR GROCER'S.

Simply add liquid PRIVATE TOUET for fluffy biscuits 666666 AAAA to a shortcut deliGAS OR cious waffles, muffins and other hot e;.ectric stove breads. AAAAAd IAAAA

Each symbol represents 10% in each group

FISHER FLOURING MILLS COMPANY "ICTOGRAPH CORPORATION 260 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ERA

A pendulum clock, if it could be kept"** cool, on the sun would run over five When the Boys come home, there will be times as fast as on the earth because the acceleration of gravity is almost twentyeight times greater. Similarly on the

small planet, Eros, a clock would indicate about two seconds for every minute it would run on the earth.

A lexander Bogomolets, president of * the Ukrainian Academy of Sciences, has developed a serum which stimulates the connective tissues and has found wide application in the healing of wounds and bone fractures.

A pple trees do not show a decreased *"* rate of using plant food until more than fourfifths of the available water has been utilized.

'"Phe Bible is now completely recorded * on phonograph records. The Bible's

more than threequarters of a million words takes 1 69 records, each taking a half hour to play.

T-Juman blood plasma has been found

A doctors A by U.S. to be very Navy HAY?HARVEST

effective in the treatment of secondand thirddegree burns. The plasma is mixed When their task for Uncle Sam is

with five percent sulfanilamide and finished, our soldier sons, as well as those made into a salve by adding a thickenwho are now producing food for victory,ing agent.

4 will have an opportunity to operate their

A new process has been developed to own farms with the best equipment modern "*"* take the place of the usual hogdesign can offer.

hair scalding the to in meatremove rewardhas help chance to give them that machine A In packing. the dead IP ft* method the new for system AllisChalmers of at a better search our ed in liquid ofhog is submerged a tank

plastic which can be peeled off with Wjm making hay. It is ready and will be m production when

the hair when cool. The hair can be war conditions permit—a new field baler that makes

forused brushes just as well when obpossible for the first time a oneman hay harvest without tained in this way.

a pitchfork.

The San Jose Canner variety of toOne man sitting on the tractor seat, master of his

A mato plants has been found to have own hay crop! Rich protein and carotene formerly

a good tomato yield if the night temleached by the rain and bleached by the sun can be safe perature degrees 60 70 is between and

Fahrenheit, 80 in the bale the hour hay is cured. and but below 50 above

practically no fruit is formed and Your Scrap Iron Is This machine forms a new type of weatherresistant growth is slowed down. The experiUrgently Needed! rolled bale which will be handled mechanically from field

Institute California atments of Techis Turn It In NOW! to haymow. It is wrapped with ordinary twine, with the also thatnology found the growth

less sensitive to temperature than fruit leaves sealed inside, protected from the elements by the formation, so that a goodlooking plant bale's outer layer which serves as a "raincoat". It may

but result from night no tomatoes would be fed any of three simple ways: 1. Unrolled like a temperatures of 50 degrees.

carpet 2. Sliced open lengthwise 3. Placed in feed

'TPhe essential oils from onions have rack whole, with twine removed.

* been found to contain substances Men who believe progress is yet young are planning which kill bacteria, yeast, and even the equipment like this for even better living on the farm.

eggs of certain lower animals. Some of

the substances are being tried in the ALLISCHALMERS TRACTOR DIVISION, MILWAUKEE, U. S. A.

treatment of infected wounds.

A carrot diet has a beneficial effect ** on eyes with nearsightedness, experiments at Sweet Briar College have found. it L According to estimates, about three ** million tons of fish are caught by One Man baler the guano birds off the coast of Peru.

MAY, 1944 261 Poetry rgrrrr?yrjv ifj'<r<fg i; *<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<*<<<<<<<<<v<<<<<<<<<*<<<c*<<<

GOOD NIGHT, MY BOYS, GOOD SIMILARITY

NIGHT!

By Helen Miller Lehman By Pvt. Riley C. Tison

quiet, lonely street at night Good night, my boys! Your busy day is A With only here and there a light

past, Reminds me of men old and bent

The twilight's here, and sandman calls at Whose dreams are gone; whose days are

last; spent.

Your toys have served you well, and you've been told How Christ brought back the lost sheep to his fold BENEDICTION

A bedtime truth which makes your clear By Fay C. Bolin eyes glow

Tonight he's watching o'er the lambs, you sat in our old church one day, know. I And through the clear glass window

Your prayers are past! your Bible verse is I could see blue sky above pink apple blossaid; soms.

I've kissed your locks and tucked you both The soft May sunshine fell upon in bed. The bowed heads of little children,

So rest and dream sweet dreams, 'twill all And I felt the spirit of the Lord be bright Like a garment folded about them,

When you awake. Good night, my boys,

good night!

Good night, my boys! You've both reached

manhood now, The war and duty calls—and we must bow; Your train is waiting—let me kiss each head,

As I did when I tucked you both in bed.

Just read your testament, be brave, and pray

That God will bring you safely home some day; Don't mind your mother's sobbing, and her tears, They tell of love that's grown through all these years;

I dedicate you now to truth and right...

Good night, my boys, good night!

You Buy

LILACS

By Wanda Greene wmM Lilac trees are blooming nowWhen Beauty clinging to a bough, a you Bake FragrancePurple standingfastenedon ato stem,a limb. WINDOW SERMON

Photograph by Ben B. Haines

THE MAGICAL HEALER OFFERINGS

By Welty B. Fahcney

By Agnes Just Reid kiddie a little ago YEARS his beside Played mother's knee, SOMEONE had brought a rare, rare rose

In the wildest of abandon. Set in a vase apart,

He was scarcely more than three Someone had brought great gay bouquets

And sometimes would pinch his fingers Of snowball and bleeding heart.

Just because he didn't know, Hothouse and garden had given much

Then he'd hold them up to mother To gladden her troubled hours,

And request that mother "Blow!"But the gift that truly touched her soul

Was a handful of Sego flowers.

There was never any hurting That my mother couldn't cure With her kissing or her blowing

And her mystical allure. IF I WERE YOU

There was never any heartache That I very long would keep By Grace McKinstry enfold hold she'd and me When "If I you, were says, Mabel let's to sleep."say, me Aunt go "Now, Then

I do"; that would This is the way

Years have passed, and so has mother, But if she could be, wouldn't she CLABBER GIRL And there's not in all this land Be pretty sure to think like me?

Any healing of another Or would she keep her grownup mind kind? another children have could command. mother Like Though my

small be rather portal to the might will her bring Aunt Mabel Baking liueUt Love

When my last call comes to go And still not be like me at all! you—

true. THE F A V O R I T E O F M I L LIONS ThenUp I'llto herholdtoa havesinhurthermortal"Blow."So,I don'twhenjustshethinkstarts,her"IftalkI wereseems

262 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A BARE POSSIBILITY By Alice Whitson Norton Tonight a plane dipped low above my Agricultural Problem s Solved roof,

And left the tree atremble in its train;

While I dashed out and stared with quivering heart,

Until the lights were lost through silver Wild Morning Glory, Knapweed rain. "It could be you, my son,"I softly sighed, Hoary Cress, Johnson Grass "Just striving in your way to let me know

You're close at home—not in some faroff Ground Squirrels, Prairie Dogs, Gophers spot

As I have had reason to believe, and so Nematodes, Centipedes, Strawberry Root, Weevil "I simply clasp my hands and say a prayer,

Not just for you—but gay youth everyPoison Oak, Poison Ivy, Poison Weeds

where, Whose courage guides them safely o'er the Ants and many other Soil Insects sea, With but one thought in mind—man's liberty,

Remembering, when my little prayer was doneThe pilot was at least some mother's son."CARBON

BISULPHIDE ARTISTRY By Irene Lois Cowan takes care of all. This is a real live tip on what can be done

palette, is the rainbow The the brush, about these agonizing pests. breeze caressing The

the world This wondrous canvas, Send for free illustrated circular No. 212P containing full

Artist, the Master God. And

information on uses of Carbon Bisulphide in agriculture.

FIRST STAR WHEELER, REYNOLDS & STAUFFER/636 California St., San Francisco

By Rena S. Travais

the over deepen shadows Distributors—WASATCH CHEMICAL CO., Salt Lake City and BranchesWhen

straight of and tall, pine trees, Green

When the bees have left the clover

And the night birds softly call,

Then I turn from candles beaming,

Down a path that's dear to me,

Soon the first star will be gleaming

In the azure over sea. EVERYONE LIKES

There is dew upon the grasses;

There is healing in the air;

And a cool breeze as it passes

Scatters fragrance everywhere.

I can feel that God is nearer With a benison of love As the first star flashes clearer In the canopy above. good bread

For good eating... good health... you'll

REMEMBER? like the delicious natural flavor and

By Mrs. N. C. Michaelson the extra food value in Royal

Early morn in springtime, woodland Enriched Bread. Use it for

path—The world seemed brighter, when I saw you lunchbox sandwiches and smile.

I felt the pressure of your finger tips, for all your meals at home.

As we walked on together, mile on mile.

The path grew rugged, as we journeyed on.

The sun burned hot, as roaring streams we TUNE IN... Every Monday. Wednesday

crossed; Friday. "Sam Adams, BAKING Your Home ROYAL COMPANY then I stumbled; lost your andWe climbed—and

Salt Front Quartermaster,"Lake and Ogden 9:30 A.M.—KSL hand.O, love 'tis dark—'tis dark. And I am lost.

TANKA

By Ruby Baird Andersen Send The ERA is divinity in ripening grain There to the boys and girls away from home. bush. hawthorne Or flowering

But God himself is there By the bed at night 12 Issues $2.00

For a young child's prayer.

MAY, 1944 263. )

WWffiffi$F*W8K X>?MM: ///,

dorjyvAiSi <X/\i(... 'NSWi SOLDIER'S

: LETTER *Q

*&* K to J4i& m

always the novel or new was encouraged, but a hostile bastion against that which was bad as taught by the simple maxims of the Church of Christ.

Mrs.J.G.McDonald's As a financial structure, home was

fragile and weak but a living fortress of courage—where within its walls our

disappointments were comforted and healed. In their place were substituted

Somewhere in the Pacific determinationIgnorance andwas courage.frowned upon

Chocolates Mother: knowledge encouraged—it equipped Dear ability with to do. one the courage and Easter the go and days by As

it that there realized But knowledge was approach, Mother's and Day limits, definite I has knowlwhere and of you, Mother and reminded home am it faith begin, ends that but edge must as mother the I knew and home is this Because the day on which—of also must guided calm judgment be by the but child, a as man, a and a boy

reason. and to want I mothers our have we have with mother and home whom

fortress, that within home, an And several for in close touch not too kept... in unlettered best all clothes unattired the of woman, things good I to continued years, but have whom

finer splendor, of in unskilled the dishes of and these years absence during know these because chocolates the are of cookery, unnoticed other people by friendship, defelt their and warmth, of the world, there Mother. But was by she's always continuously. enjoyed and votion known

I felt side the her strength of the conbear a Mother's Easter and Day queror, the... the of philosopher, wisdom because these the are perrep- striking similarity to me. Easter

the understanding of friend great and a birth grave the Christ's resents from sonally chosen chocolates devel- I to retreat man. to could There gather life. into his entry Mother's a and new for strength future, the acquire wisdom into birth a entry represents over and years of candyoped in 80 Day attack, for faith its for and gain new

life held persons are for me. Both new accomplishment., art.. making all in of the high revered and minds

is torn apart the world by war Now agnostic acknowledges many. by The

Because of all this, your choice against the forces of freedom Christ, the of the Christian—the greatness

regimentation. Easter forces of and child him. prodigal worships The most for Mother's Day is Mrs. J. G. meanMother's take on a greater Day his idealthe obedient respects mother,

McDonald's Personal Selection izes her. As for me, one I worship, the ing. Perhaps within the next few

other I cherish dearly. months we shall know whether we shall

Chocolates. The life of Christ was one of service be permitted to govern ourselves. Its

and tender devotion to his fellow men. outcome will determine whether Easter

Mother's life is one of endless work and Mother's Day will survive and conand sacrifice for her children. Like tinue to mean the same as we have alin my

is overIf your favorite drug or Christ,dren evenmotherthoughgivestheyhermayall tonotherapprechil- waysmind knownis certain.them. TheThe priceoutcome

department store temporciate it. whelming.

like I don't a voice this to sound mean Christ, said, it has been never was wilderness, in the crying but it does seem arily is unable to supply seen often. to laugh but to weep Mother,

you, please be patient.... as I know her, was bright and cheerful to me that the people of the world have

but often sad. But sadness seems to be failed to incorporate in their lives a

As with other good things, a counterpart of happiness. Life, it reverence for Easter and a respect for

of these the meaning two Take is full opposites. of could home. There Mrs. J. G. McDonald's seems, institutions from our Western World if there be no death were no life. There

Chocolates are going in could be no immortality if there were and men drift through life aimlessly, like chaff the before wind. These blown mortality. could be And no to the no large quantities is I things that say, Mother, because if love there no were there so therehate—and I to them. have come know the way forces. armed could be happiness if there no could be

no sorrow. This is intended merely as the conHome as I know it seems to have been fession of a son who can now look upon

a place where these experiences were Easter and Mother's Day quite objecfully realized. I was taught to hate sin tively. I would not have you think for

is son a saint. I merely your a minute its corruption and only reward *jL4maas institutions great the respect which two regret was and becausedisappointment—while much, one of which to you me mean CHOCOLATE I taught the truth, love was of clean

COMPANY living, industry, and fair play, because created for me.

World -Famous Chocolates their rewards were a contented mind Affectionately your son, and happiness. Archie

Salt Lake City Home was a place of varied thought, ( Major Archibald Webb 264 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Books '-pry In b< m M >--t*- I-, n,*- % i THE STORY OF THE INDIAN CRISIS His treatment is sympathetic and yet fair,

PIONEERS if thatMORMON methods be must employed settled justly the Indian to question be Harmer. Deseret (Mabel News Press, Salt New(John York.S. Hoyland.1943. 193Macmillanpages. Company,$2.00.) indicating

the of permanently. City. and scope book 284 pages. $2.00.) TheisLake

incompact gives of wealth book a This the of chapter be gained from 1944. City. some pages. 284Lake may $2.00.)

* formation, including history in which titles: India, in Indian Land, Nature The* story of the Pioneers always 'HE Mormon is India everpresent fact, an for that from Village, Personality, Indian Indian The The it, for grips those the *I read hardwho history stems the of tragedy glory much and Industrial City, Indian Indian The Worktrek,ships that of together the with courage of presentday India. author, a Fellow The er, Outcastes, System, Caste The The it itsthat assured success, of one make the of the Historical Royal Society and author Education, Congress, Famine, The The allgreat stories history. of historical, of religious, sociologimany and British Nehru. System, Gandhi, this This newest heartbased on book cal subjects, lived in to from 1928 India 1912

breaking valuable journey is doubly stimulating, illuminating affords served bewhere he principal as of a high The book its into writingcause excerpts have gone school, lecturer and reading. college. in a M. C. J.

inaccessiblefrom hitherto journals. These

journals, now in the possession of the

Utah State Historical Society, have been painstakingly gathered and copied by Juanita Brooks of St. George.

From this source material, Mrs. Harmer

thathas history written a should do much IN A NEW BOOK this vitalizeto humanize great and movement for both young and old readers.—M. C. ].

THE BEST AMERICANSHORT STORIES WILF0RD WOODRUFF (Edited by Martha Foley. Houghton, Mifflin & Co., Boston. 1943. 428 pages. $2.75.)

Students of short story will find this volume particularly stimulating, first, GEORGE Q. CANNON

because of the stories themselves, which afford an insight into current short story trends, and second, because of the Yearbookof the American Short Story in which the JACOB HAMBLIN editor includes the addresses of American and Canadian magazines publishing shortstories. RETURN

Westerners will be interested to know that two stories from the Rocky Mountain to the current literature of the church in

Review are included, in addition to stories from The Saturday Evening Post, Story, //

The New Yorker, Harper's, The American,

Monthly, VirginiaThe Atlantic The Quar- \\THREE MORMON CLASSICSterly Review, Harper's Review, The Yale

Bazaar, The Kenyon Review, Mademoiselle,

Accent, The Antioch Review. With her usual acumen, Miss Foley has Leaves From My Journal

chosen stories which display the variety of By WILFORD WOODRUFF life in the United States. Writers of short

story will find the book useful as a text thethrough reasons they analyze which may for their success, the which and by writers My First Mission may come to a more critical evaluation of By GEORGE Q. CANNON

their own work. M. C. J.

(19371943)CHINA HANDBOOK (Compiled Ministry of Life of Jacob Hamblin by the Chinese

Information. Macmillan Company, By TAMES A. LITTLE

New York. 1944. 951 pages. $5.00.)

Students of the Chinese since the "China compiled by PRESTON NIBLEY

Incident"of summer 1937 will find this book invaluable because it is allinclusive in from famous old faithpromoting series its approach to China. Divided into twentyfive chapters, it deals with the background, $2.50

including area and population, hydrography, climate, history, religion, language, and Stevens and Wallis, Inc., Publishers

other items; analyzes Kuomintang; discusses

government structure, foreign relations, and trade, public finance, communications, courts and prisons, the SinoJapanese hostilities, as well as education and research, DESERET BOOK COMPANY industry labor, mineral and and resources, 44 East South Temple Street fields. vitalas well as other many

This book will answer a longfelt need Salt Lake City 10, Utah to have this vital current material available readilyin usable form. a compilers The are 'THE BOOK CENTER OF THE INTERMOUNTAIN WEST"

to congratulated the be thoroughness on with which they have analyzed their assignment, and with the excellence of the finished product. M. C. J.

MAY, 1944 265

yv cJLetter jror MOTHER'S To Feed DAY the Babies BY BERNICE BROWN

Dear Mother:

shortage, of these milk threatened days TN I'veshoes,nearlybesideswornflatteningout my newthe endspringof greatest to the are cooperate to eager we for nose, your shopping window my Irradipossible give extent with mothers who it. I gift. Still don't day have askmother's to their babies. are Milk ated Sego We I I reflowers; going to then send was. salesmen, grocers, service through ing our last startled you were membered how

to reserve supplies for those mothers in the May, when our kindly mortician deevent of shortage. livered my halfdozen carnations to the

ranch in his hearse. I never wrap candy

And you may depend, as always, upon the tight enough to survive the mails and quality of Irradiated Sego Milk. Concenour walls are frescoed with giltframed

trated to a definite standard, it is always mottoes.

uniformly rich in the food substances of milk. Because mothers give so much more

It is sterilized in the sealed can to make it than they ever receive I'm sending you surely safe... irradiated for enrichment in a bill for Mother's Day. No, don't

precious sunshine Vitamin D and tell dad to start reaching down in his always easy for babies to digest. jeans. For it is one of those bills everybody thinks about, and nobody ever

?ets around to taking off the books.

Sego Milk Products Company my11 justheart.send you an I. O. U. written on

Originator of Evaporated Milk The account completely itemized in the Intermountain West would stretch into infinity but please

Plants at Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho find enclosed a few sample items.

1 To mother for seeing that I got my full ration of spinach and other allied foods with the result my physical equipment is more than adequate for combating life.

2. For the few wellchosen words by

which you have diverted the turbulent moments of my life into quiet channels.

3. For always having my favorite foods

on hand for my homecoming and no padlock on the ice box.

4. For being an eternal optimist. Whether I've brought you a hole in my stocking

or a broken heart, you've mended both with equal skill, confident that your deft threads will hold together. And they have.

5. For preserving your faith as shining

and unbattered as a child's and for instilling it this into child of of yours.. some the one bunch following: FRILLET Cook OneChop CASSEROLE. SALAD. UTAH

6. smiling the always For proudly from pieces. cut asparagus, into oneinch half celery heart, pepper, Mix green small two fifty line I've yard whenever a touchmade

fish pimientos, onehalf small 8-ounce or cooked can tuna with package FRILLETS successfully hiding disapand your down in seasoned white sauce. Cover with bread salmon, one onion and four sweet pickles. pointment when I've fumbled the ball.

crumbs and bake in moderate oven (325 Mix with FRILLETS, mayonnaise and salt. 7. For making home the most tempting

degrees). Garnish with slices of hard boiled Serve on lettuce leaf garnished with ripe spot on earth.

egg. Serve HOT olives. It's refreshing—try it! Yes, for these and a thousand odd

other reasons which I can't put into words, I'm saying, "Happy Mother's

Day, darling."

Order a supply Your daughter, GOLDEN Bernice.

EGGNOODLE FRILLETS today

The Era brings a Welcome Message $Ooo lie! times a year far 2

266 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

—Photograph by Josef Muench

THESE

SHALL

RECEIVE

WRITTEN ON THE

TWENTYFOURTH PSALM

nto the hills where Jesus held communion.

Shall they ascend whose hearts defy the world?

Immersed in bitter hate and war's disunion V.Beneath a flag of conquest, long unfurled,

Shall they stand who have profaned his name?

Who advocate but worldly power and greed?..

Did not he, whose love is like a flame,

Choose followers from men of humble deed?...

He that hath clean hands, the Father knoweth;

And he whose heart is pure unto the end.

For they are harvesters of seed who soweth

The Golden Rule, which tempers foe and friend.

For God hath founded it upon the seas,

The earth, and all the fulness of the land.

"Do thou unto others,"bringeth peace

And charity, that comes from loving hands.

By These shall receive the blessings of salvation:

The great, the lowly, humble ones of earth.

LARENE And they shall call to each and every nation

That living faith in God has brought rebirth....

KING To those of heavy heart and saddened word,

BLEECKER Who shoulder loss, and have war's cross to bear,

Look up unto the mountains of our Lord!

Believe! And he will cast away your fear!

MAY, 1944 267 Soldier CONTACT WORK IN PAROWAN STAKE

By Durham Morris Chairman, Parowan Stake Soldier

Contact Committee, Cedar City

June 1942, the Parowan Stake Inpresidency saw the need and importance of the work of keeping in touch with the boys and girls who were then in military service from the stake, and those who would enter later, and named a committee known as Parowan

Stake Soldiers Contact Committee consisting of a chairman, secretary, and a ward committeeman from each of the thirteen wards in the Parowan Stake.

The functions of the committee may be classified under four main headings, as follows: First, to compile and to

keep up to date a complete list of the names and addresses of all men and women from the Parowan Stake who are serving in the armed forces of the

United States; second, to initiate and

encourage letterwriting programs;

third, to initiate and assist in carrying into effect programs for the sending of home town papers, The Improvement

Era, and other suitable publications to Unconditional the boys and girls in military service;

visit parwith and to call fourth, upon military in girls and boys having >> ents service and to give them encourageSurrender 1 ment and assistance, especially in those cases where casualties or other misTo the woman who uses FelsNaptha Soap there is fortunesThere areare reported.now approximately 850

Stake girls the Parowan from and nothing vague about Unconditional Surrender. boys forces, with in and the armed serving

She sees it happen every wash day. so many of them changing their addresses frequently, the problem of keepLike all housekeepers, Dirt is her arch enemy—an invader ing our list of addresses up to date has

been an arduous one. However, through

and a despoiler. She uses FelsNaptha Soap because she the efforts of our ward committeemen

has no patience with halfmeasures. Or, to put it more in contacting parents, and through the

cooperation now being given by parplainly, with halfclean clothes. ents in reporting changes of addresses,

our work has been systematized and is

When she tosses the family wash into a tubful of proceeding with efficiency. Our list, the

FelsNaptha Suds, the issue is decided, then and there. Those waysonly completeavailable listfor usein theby anycounty,organizais alindividual. tion or two inseparable allies—Soap and Naptha—drive Dirt from letterwriting program, the the In

every seam and fibre. They 'liquidate'the invader without committee has sought and received the

injury to fine fabrics or dainty garments. active cooperation of all stake and ward

organizations, and also the schools and

In the conflict with Dirt, you can't afford somepast twelvecivic organizations.months at leastDuringone letterthe

orsome each by month been sent to be unprepared—or 'neutral.'FelsNaptha has

in miligirls to all and ganization boys

Soap is made for, and used by, women tary service from the Parowan Stake.

whose only terms with the enemy are These letters have come in turn from the Parowan stake presidency, ward

Unconditional Surrender! bishoprics (who have sent letters to all

those in the armed forces from their respective wards ), the priesthood quorums, Parowan stake soldiers contact committee, the M.I.A., the Sunday

Schools, the high council, the Relief SoFELS-NAPTHA SOAP banishesTattleTale Gray"cieties, and the L.D.S.(ConcludedInstitute.on pageThe311)let268 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

TESTIMONY AND BLESSING

i5u president Jreber /j. Lurant

Address presented at the opening session of the 114th annual conference

Thursday morning, April 6, 1944, in the Tabernacle

am grateful that the Lord has lengthened my life and increased my

I strength so that I may have the privilege and the joy of meeting with you at another general conference of the church.

I am grateful I can say that I feel I am better now than I was at the conference six months ago. I am able to work

nearly half of each day at my office, and sometimes more, with the counsel and consent of my doctor. It is his recommendation, however, that I do not speak

at this time, and so I shall ask your forbearance while that which I have to say shall be read. If I were on my feet,

speaking under the momentary promptings of the Spirit, perhaps it would be given to me to say some things in addition to those which are here written and I ask the Lord that he may direct all who speak during this conference, that president heber j. grant

they may speak under the guiding influence of his holy spirit, and that those things which are now read, and those things which shall yet be spoken, will further bear witness of the truthfulness of the cause in which we are met, and give comfort and counsel to all who shall hear or read them.

As I sit in this tabernacle my mind goes back over the many years that have passed since we first began holding meetings here. I see the leaders of this people who have come and gone—from Brigham Young on down—and I can see generations of the priesthood of Israel who have gathered here to learn

their duty, to renew their faith, and to go forth to labor for the furtherance of the gospel of the Lord

Jesus Christ. Faces and events pass in memory—the faces of mighty men of God, most of whom have long since finished their work here—and you, my brethren, have taken their places, and carry forward

the work from where they left it.

My Brother's Conversion A s I sit here today, I remember what to me was one of the greatest of all the incidents in my life, in this '** tabernacle. One Sunday afternoon, nearly fifty years ago, I came here as one of the youngest of the

apostles to attend the meeting, and saw for the first time in the congregation, my brother who had been careless, indifferent, and wayward, and who had evinced no interest in the gospel of Jesus Christ. My

brother, Fred, and I had engaged in a venture which had failed. We had both placed all that we had in

it and more. Feeling that he had ruined me financially and being without that faith which sustains in time of

crisis, Fred went into the woods with the intention of taking his own life. Finally, he got down on his

knees and prayed, "O God, if there is a God!"When he got up from his knees, he threw his pistol into

the brush, and sat down and wrote me a letter, saying that he knew there was a God who told men to do good, and that there was a devil who inspired men to destroy their own lives, which is second only to murder.

As soon as he had written the letter a spirit came over him telling him, "The minute your brother gets that letter he will insist on your being baptized. You are a fine specimen to be baptized; you are one

of the worst profaners in the country; you once had an interest in a gambling house."And so he threw

the letter into his trunk instead of mailing it.

The next night he wrote the same thing again, and shed more tears, but did not have the courage to send me that letter either. He wrote three such letters and put them all into his trunk. Finally, he wrote

again and said, "Heber, this letter is going to be mailed,"and he went to the (Continued on page 317)

Jhe (Lditord j-a ae === MAY, 1944 269'Thisall ofhour,us heresooneron orthelater,stand.comes to

I have enjoyed this conference spirit runavery have had much. We THE WAY OFning it that to unique through seems me

in our conferences. There has been a

quiet; there a has beenpeace, and the principle which this under forward a Everything or Nothing

I consolation thatcomfort a and know I attention call your lays down? Lord

have reached the hearts of all of us. I We, of the Latterday Saints, have to the fact that there is no limitation

everything, or we have nothing; there as to the matters to be covered by that

is no middle ground. We know, those scripture of which the Lord speaks. of us who have the testimony—and all Having in mind that this church of ours

it deals with here have it, I am sure—that the gospel is a practical church, that

was restored; we know that Joseph was temporal as well as with spiritual af-

a prophet of God. We know that the fairs, I submit that whatever comes

Father and the Son came to him. We from the voices of those who hold that

know we have the priesthood. We authority is scripture, no matter of what

know that our church organization is they may speak. That conclusion to

divinely built. me is inevitable.

VJe of the Latterday Saints have everything or we have nothing; there is no

middle ground.

What Is Scripture? Anything and everything that affects

We have gained that knowledge by theor thatwellbeinghas to doofwithus Latterdayour religion,Saintsmay working for it just as we have had to become part of that scripture; and

work for every other kind of knowlwhen the servants of God speak to us edge, for spiritual knowledge does not about such things, speaking under the come without labor and faith, repentinspiration of the Lord, then their words ance, baptism, confirmation, the recepbecome scripture.

tion of the Holy Ghost. There are cer-

J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. tain things which follow from that How shall we know when they speak

knowledge. Knowing these things, our under the inspiration of the Lord?

humbly pray, and ask an interest in responsibilities are almost beyond our I cannot tell you how to know, but your faith and prayers to the same end, bearing, except for the spirit of the I can tell you that every man holding that what I may say tonight will not Lord and the sustaining power of the the priesthood, who is obeying the comdetract from that spirit, but, if possible, Holy Ghost. mandments of the Lord and is living

add a little something to it. The Lord said to the brethren, Orrighteously, he will know without doubt

inservants under speak God's M'Lelthe and when two Johnsons Hyde, son far as I like, so brethren, I should true witspirit will bear spiration. ( sec- I the The 68th lin, reading from am at you. you, not talk with able, toam

: ness. the Doctrine tion of and Covenants) I may, as so far to speak, likeI should

as if I were talking with you personally, each individual, that I might bring home to you the suggestions which are run- "E CANNOT BE ONE UNLESS WE ARE ONE IN ning in my mind. SPIRIT, IN BELIEF, IN KNOWLEDGE, AND IN

I do not need to tell you that times ACTION.

are dark, nor that hate well nigh rules the world, that men have lost their reason, that they are guided in too large And this is the ensample unto them, that The Doctrine of Oneness part by the basest motives which we they shall speak as they are moved upon by have, and that as we stand today we the Holy Ghost. \17ith the foregoing in mind, I recall

are almost back to the beginning of And whatsoever they shall speak when * Y to your minds that the Lord has civilization. I sometimes think it is hard moved upon by the Holy Ghost shall be said: "Except ye are one, ye are not

the Lord, will of the shall scripture, be for the unless Lord, the to get be and to one cannot we shall mine."for us We the shall the word be Lord, of the mind be this us, belief, spirit, in through in to in knowlthrough get to are oneLord of Lord, the voice the shall be Lord, the of to is other seems action. in which murder no pall There of and edge, hate and salvation. unto of the power God and

envelop the earth. Behold, this is the promise of the Lord way. You bishops, bishoprics, you

I want to thank you brethren, the unto you, O ye my servants. have had experience in your wards.

priesthood leadership of the church, for Wherefore, be of good cheer, and do not There is nearly always somebody in will I with and you, the for fear, Lord is am with of out harmony your ward who in the manifested as service greatyour of shall record bear ye and you; stand by things to you, some wants do who faithful, people. are the of Youwork I of the that Christ, Son Jesus am even me, in the than which other you way way truth; the love large; you you do andby I I that am, and was, that living the God, groups done. be There them want may inhighest your the and work; lovedo I to come. that am

that in think the do what you ward it who in every furthering is in is way terest unto you, the of Lord the my word This in which you can. We of the general servant Orson Hyde, and also unto my servin the Welfare, and in the auxiliary orauthorities appreciate this service; we ant Luke Johnson, and unto my servant Lyganizations is not right, and they want

servant William unto it and Johnson, my to other not need way. some do I do exman can than for it morethank we you

all elders faithful the unto M'Lellin, and E. tell of handicap to a you much how press.

church. of my is that to in your work; you know you is ourand so great, by our task But

selves we are so weak, that I wanted to With our knowledge of the restorait better than I.

say just a few words tonight on one or tion of the priesthood and of the church You presidents of stakes know how two points that might be helpful. organization, are we prepared to go difficult it is to guide and direct your

270 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I

How to be One But how then can we be one?

We cannot be one with some bishopUNITY who has some plan of his own which he wishes to govern the whole church.

A bishop, great and important as is his office and calling, is in authority a shorti5u fresident sf. f\euben Llark, srn. er time, a lesser light, an inferior planet,

a secondary intelligence, as it were.

OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY True, every man, every officer in the church has the right to inspiration and revelation as to how he should conduct

Address delivered at the Friday evening session of the 114th annual himself and how he should carry on general conference, April 7, 1944, in the Tabernacle his office and his duties. But when that

inspiration and revelation come, they will never be out of harmony with discipline, church the with nor revelaif as, also, spirits, there shall like two to be one stakes and as you would do, when tions will the of of mind and made God intelligent the other, be these than yet more off that bishop have draws some you to his earth. known prophet on The spirits, is innotwithstanding two one more suffers. side; the to stake your president the of church, not bishop telligent a other, the than beginning; have no We of the general authorities know they existed before, they shall have no end, of a ward, nor the president of a stake,

how difficult it is when presidents of they shall exist after, for they are gnolaum, lays down the rule for the church.

stakes draw away, when they try to or eternal. Whenever any church officer gets any

said the unto me: Lord These two instructions, explain And they when away other impression to than follow the

exist, facts that spirits, there are do one two try, find to to the not seem out what president the of that church, impresintelligent other; being the there than more president the of church done, wants but sion is not right coming the source. from intelligent shall they; another than be more this interpret instruction can "how we I I intellithe thy Lord God, more am oneness am The brethren, must come, to as to do, so what do want and we... all. they gent than through being one with him stands who the yet within inof the come words all; I in of the midst I dwell now, them at the of it the head is church. And struction."therefore, thee to have unto come down the obligation duty and of officer every

of the church to square himself fully, wholly, unreservedly, without deception, without equivocation, to the mind gRETHREN, I WOULD RATHER LIVE IN A LOG and will of the Lord as revealed to our

I say HUT, SURROUNDED BY MY CHILDREN, NEAR prophet,again, thisseer,principleand revelator.relates to all

MY OLD HOME, AMONG MY OLD FRIENDS, THAN things that affect the wellbeing of thethe

TO LIVE, TORN AWAY FROM ALL THESE, THE church.

CHARITY INMATE OF A STATE PALACE. The Welfare Plan

T want to say a word about the Welfare. have urging been the bishWe deliver thee unto authorities the general the works which hands ourAmong my to off ops take relief, government as wherein excelleth made, have wisdom my just selves, accept to are prepared we rapidly as could, they the worthy poor all, I in for rule the them above, heavens it, the of says prophet and do what God of the wards. This is the counsel the in earth in of beneath, the and and all wisdom it suit rather try construe to to than

all president intelligences over prudence, the thine the of church. has There been suit ourselves, to our views? own I the seen beginning; eyes from have came complaint some this about counsel.

in in the beginning the midst of all down if Sometimes it has as seemed perhaps the intelligences seen. thou hast Order in the Church were not in wholly we that plan. one

the me, unto AbraLord had shown Now bishops Some presidents and of stakes is in the church, order that intelligences There the an and organized ham, were not feel seem that this to should be all these the I. was; world before and that among well as as order you know done. there will I Yet feel time, a come great the there of noble and were many I always, impressed as much am we sure, very for those when worthy ones; poor

all are, great the the with Pearl book, it will be the church or nothing. souls that these they were saw God And I Price. refer of to to the Great want since Already, the federal 1938, govin of them, the and midst stood good, he and

it chapter that third of book, where for rulers; I will its said: ernment he has reduced make These appropriation my

different times, talks the but that about spirits, that those and stood were he among relief for public It twothirds. by seems

is all there rules one time the which said that he they good; he and were saw inevitable that that reduction conmust

is others, that the of time; art them; Lord's and thou one unto me: Abraham, tinue. In urging the bishops off to take

relief the worthy poor, we have asked them to go first to the children of the

if Constitution parents, said was framed in order their that have and we THE poor, to see if they cannot care for they cannot carry the the burden, then to protect minorities.

church is to help, either partly or in full

Now, we cannot give to the worthy poor of the church all the luxuries that rich enjoy. the cannot done be That born. it before thou thou wast chosen wast different talks magnithe about where either agency, or any governmental by 3:1819, 2123.) (Abraham bodies, planets of tudes heavenly and the church; the but provide can church

is tells there us that heavenly and one life. necessities out get the with worthy principles of that poor to I wish The rest. rules the which body these: this brethren, scripture, are heard have of a few We individual, build the from cases—up So we

all in creation; equal not we were all of hope heard of ofWe have them we until lowest, highest. the the from up

all in here; are equal authority not we children their where have induced parrecord talk begins to then about The

all intelligence. in are equal not But ents to to the parents'deed them propspirits. said to Lord Abraham: The

the unless are one, are not we we erty, their and then have put parents on

Howbeit that he made the greater star; Lord's. {Continued on page 336)

MAY, 1944 271 brethren and sisters: I am glad

to worship with you and with this theMythe Tabernacle Choir on the Lord's day, so designated by early Jke in testiapostles in commemoration and of of the resurrection our Lord.mony to RESURRECTED assignment as I fill this However,

speak to you I am deeply conscious of the fact that I am feeling more the sigtion. At least the beginning of this scription, 'To the Unknown God.'

deadly conflict indicates that they not Whom, therefore, ye ignorantly woronly do not accept it as a fact, but reject ship, him declare I unto you."

it as a myth or superstition. At any rate, As Paul discoursed eloquently on the

we know that the leaders of the nation personality of God, the philosophers directly responsible for starting this listened curiously though attentively worldwide holocaust have openly reuntil he testified that God had raised pudiated Jesus Christ and his teachings. Jesus from the dead.

Too many today are like the men on When they heard of the resurrection,

Mars'Hill two thousand years ago who some mocked and all but a few turned erected an altar to "The Unknown away, leaving him who had declared the

God,"but who knew little or nothing truth even more lonely than ever.

about him. We read that on his way to Today, as on Mars'Hill, when we

jo man can accept the resurrection and be consistent in his belief without accepting also the existence of a personal

God.

the Areopagus, Paul had beheld magspeak of the resurrection of the dead, nificent statues erected to various gods there are some who mock and others which the Greeks worshiped—to Mars, who doubt and turn away. Today, as

the god of war; Aphrodite, the goddess then, too many men and women have

of love; Bacchus, the god of wine, and other gods to which they give more

towering above them all, the Pallasthought than to the resurrected Lord—

DAVID 0. McKAY Athene, the goddess of wisdom, the the god of pleasure, the god of wealth,

protectress of Athens—these and many the god of indulgence, the god of politinificance of the resurrection than I am others. cal power, the god of popularity, the

able to express. I pray, therefore, that Here frequently gathered philosophgod of race superiority—as varied and

the Spirit of the Lord may enlighten our ers and judges, the ablest thinkers, the numerous as were the gods in ancient minds to see and touch our hearts to wisest sages of the ancient world, conAthens and Rome.

feel more than my mere words will desidering and discoursing on the mysThoughts that most frequently ocnote. teries of life and the destiny of the cupy the mind determine a man's

human race. course of action. As one writer aptly

For I know that my redeemer liveth, and that he shall stand at the latter day upon the earth: destroy skin after teaches gospel christ that though worms is the And my the shall in flesh this yet I see God: body, my of God, the of Son Redeemer the I for myself, shall see mine and Whom

eyes shall behold, and not another; though WORLD.

my reins be consumed within me. (Job 19:

2527.)

all this wisof sepursuit pressing worldly the of midst In living testify thus of the can who He little science, lonely there brownstood a commerce, dom says: aims—natural"The ever in his soul anchored hasRedeemer

their of challenged earthly of form much etereyed ambition man who cularluxury—any truth.nal

their false absorption, or as worship the philosophy incapable and mind makes confirmation greatest latest and The receiving, gross of as only understanding, of images or eneven man error-—the is the the rose grave apthat from Jesus

intellectuals city tertaining of that the great idea of higher Being any who to in the the Father of andpearance Son that actual state than experience a highof existence man, or any by man knew nineteen Smith,the Prophet Joseph is er portals the the It pass of than present."death through therefore a may after that the years event todayhundred

in blessing to only the that Athens there world are and ocman who live—the It is is celebrating. highlyChristendom

clearly difference casions sense the could besuch Easter as as which, warnthat therefore,appropriate, the church idolatry, ing formality of the semaphores, the tween to say and In mankind: festival in the join annualshould comheartfelt of the worship only true for rush pleasure, your and wealth, mad and Christ, the resurrection ofmemorating

living is the Epicureans fame, pause, think God. and of By and what most significant, thethe most most memorable

life. in Stoics with conversed he value and had whom in history the ofevent mankind.

argued, called Paul babbler, had a been this warning, heed and men When is life significant of miracle This not setterforth of a strange gods: they "So the search their recesses innermost of

its itself, in inonly but connotation of him, took brought unto and him Aeropahearts, find they that the important most all of principles true the basic Christiansaying, gus, this 'May know what we their question lives of to the ity. doctrine strange thou whereof speakest of subject immortality. railleading Arelates

is? in as road man, quoted Young and Man Disbelief General All Too

of said Athens,""Ye Paul, the men "I expressed the World, thought of when he said: perceive that in all things ye are too many it is from the war now ragingJudging superstitious. that leaders quite evident of of some rather I would be sure that when a man

the Governments of the world do not "For, as I passed by, and beheld your dies he will live again with his conscious believe in the actuality of the resurrecdevotion, I found an altar with this inidentity, than to have all the wealth of the 272 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Dm president JJauid \J.CHRIST OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

Address delivered at the Sunday morning session of the 114th annual United States, or to occupy any position of honor or power the world could possibly general conference, April 9, 1944, in the Tabernacle give.

A young student recently expressed the thought that belief in Christ as the to the disciples is shown ( 1 ) in their Principles Connoted grief, in intense is of the statement manifest, (2) as Redeemer, made God celebrate event today con- "TThe we perplexity in the of moral Thomas, Christians that professing (3) no waning; *- principles of the fundamental notes

said, and, "I Peter is go afishing,"he when Bethe only believe that longer Jesus Christ. the of gospel In general Jesus for preparation the evident in a flesh; in that the the gotten (4) in of Father are: these

their of burial Master. Notpermanent his death made manner some miraculous

expiation for sin; or that after his cruwithstanding the oftenrepeated assur- I. The Fatherhood of God

to that ance of he would return Jesus cifixion the dead. Christ rose from resurrection the can accept man No

after death, apostles the seemed crosssection them getting a view of With a in his belief consistent without be and of current opinion on this matter the not to have accepted or at least not accepting also the existence of a personfollowing question was put directly to comprehended Christ's statement as a al God. Through the resurrection

a number of leading citizens here in our literal fact. At the crucifixion they were Christ conquered death, and became an

frightened and discouraged. For city: two immortal Lord and my God"soul. "My

upheld a half years they had been "Do you accept as a fact the actual and exclamation of was not merely an idle resurrection of Christ from the grave?"and inspired by Christ's presence. But Thomas when he beheld his risen Lord.

Among the twentysix men contacted now he was gone. They were left alone, The Being before him was his God.

were ministers, doctors of medicine, and they seemed confused, helpless, and Once we accept Christ as divine it is lawyers, and leading business men. A panicstricken. Only John stood by the easy to visualize his Father as being just

majority answered yes, some equivocross. Not with timidity, not with feelas personal as he; for, said Jesus, "He

cated, eight answered no. ings of doubt, gloom, and discouragethat hath seen me hath seen the Father."

Inseparable with the idea of a divine personal Being is the acceptance of him gELIEF in the resurrection connotes also tianityas the Creatordoes notoflookthe world.upon theTrueuniverseChrisTHE IMMORTALITY OF MAN. as the result of mere interaction of matter and motion, of law and force, but, on

the contrary, it regards all creation as the of product Intelligence a Divine is beto skeptical as a world made ment Apostles by Accepted Fact Early all the world "who made things and lieve. despairing minds wavering, Such therein."it: writer one puts As "This it fact that as did Christ a P'stablish of the as the possessed apostles on day is Christianity what means a personby *"* his as appeared take and stirred up body crucifixion never could have It al believes all that God. existence has glorified, being, a belief, resurrected and you to unpopular accept people an its in roots a conscious intelligent and a the the of question answer cause. the to die to martyrs ages—-"If and this that purpose is and purpose good."shall dies, live it again?"he that man suddenly changed was What

That the literal resurrection from the these disciples to confident, fearless, II. Sonship of Jesus Christ

grave was a reality to the disciples who heroic preachers of the gospel? The gospel teaches that Christ is the

knew Christ intimately is a certainty. It was the revelation that Christ had Son of God, the Redeemer of the world.

grave. the from In their there minds no risen was absolutely is true satisfied follower to accept No

it I think was Spurgeon who said doubt. witnesses of the fact. They were him merely great as a the Reformer,

They knew because their eyes beheld, His promises had been kept, his Messianic ideal Teacher, or even as the One Pertheir ears heard, their hands felt the mission fulfilled. The final and absolute seal fect Man. The man of Galilee is, not

corporal presence of the Risen Redeemof genuineness had been put on all his figuratively, but literally, the Son of the er. claims, and the indelible stamp of a divine living God.

III. The Immortality of the Human Soul

QNE OF THE TWO GREAT, GENERAL PRINCIPLES alsoBeliefthe inimmortalitythe resurrectionof man.connotesJesus

TO WHICH ALL OTHER PRINCIPLES ARE SUBpassed through all the experiences of

SIDIARY is this: "Love your neighbor as mortalityhappiness, justhe experiencedas you and pain.I. HeHeknewreyourself,"and correlated with it, the joiced as well as sorrowed with others.

promise: "Inasmuch as ye have done it He knew friendship. He experienced

unto the least of these my brethren, ye traitorsalso theandsadnessfalse accusers.that comesHethroughdied a

have done it unto me."mortal death even as every other mortal.

Since his spirit lived after death, so shall yours and mine. So shall your soldier

Value of Their Testimony authority upon all his teachings. The boy who gives his life on the battlefield.

gloom of death had been banished by the

The deep significance of their testiglorious light of the presence of their risen, IV. The Brotherhood of Man

mony may be better understood when glorified Lord and Savior. One of the two great, general prinwe realize that with Jesus'death the On the evidence of these unpreciples to which all other principles are

apostles were stricken with gloom. judiced, unexpectant, incredulous witsubsidiary is this: "Love your neighbor

When he was crucified, their hopes all nesses, faith in the resurrection has its as yourself,"and correlated with it, but died. That his death was a reality impregnable foundation. (Continued on page 337)

MAY, 1944 273 Jke J/otAndatIOVIS Oi HAPPINESS

Address delivered at the Thursday morning session o[ the 114th general annual conference, April in the @->ia jredldent Ljeome Gilbert Jrnitk 6, 1944,

Tabernacle OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

AM just trying to collect my thoughts, after listening to that remarkable remay be grateful that we have benefited ning of time, so far as this earth was

I port of the financial condition of the by those who were our forebears, who concerned, when it was populated, our church. I am somewhat amused, too, heard the cry to "Come out of her, O, Heavenly Father has been advising his

because only a few days ago one of our my people, that ye partake not of her children what to do, in order that they citizens here in Salt Lake City told a sins, and that ye receive not of her might be happy. He has never counfriend of his plagues."seled them to do anything that would

in confidence When I realize that our people were make them unhappy. He has offered a

that the church gathered from a prosperous, fine section premium of eternal happiness to those was tremenof the world, in most cases, and were who will live in mortality according to dously in debt. transplanted by the power of God, and his advice and counsel.

I am grateno other power, to live in these mounWhen the children of Israel were in ful to our tain vales at a time when they were the wilderness, they disobeyed the comHeavenly Faconsidered unfit for the habitation of mandments of the Lord. It was not

ther this morncivilized man, and then see what the very long until they were doing things ing for the Lord has done for us, I marvel. that displeased him. Notwithstanding,

privilege of beIt has been my privilege to travel in they were led all day by a pillar of ing here in this many parts of the world; it has been a cloud, and at night their whereabouts

opening sesgreat joy to me to mingle with men and was indicated by a pillar of fire. A

sion of our women in many nations, fine, wondercloud by day, and a pillar of fire by general conful characters, all sons and daughters of night! And they were fed manna, or

GEORGE ALBERT SMITH ference. I have our Heavenly Father, but when I come "angel food,"to preserve them while

been inspired back to the valleys of the mountains, they traveled through the wilderness.

by the opportunity I have had of shakand partake of the influences that I find While they were there, in order that ing hands with many of my brethren. here, my heart swells with gratitude there could be no mistake on their part

It is always a joy to me to see you come that my membership is in this church as to what would make them happy, here, from all parts of the church, to that bears the name of the Redeemer of the Lord gave to them these commandwait upon the Lord, and to participate mankind, so named by him. ments. I want to emphasize that; I

in the activities of the conferences that want to say that the only way of hapare held from time to time. Tt would seem, as you look over the piness is the pathway of righteousness.

As I look into your faces today, I * conditions in the world, that men genThere is no other way. We refer to

realize that here is a very fine crosserally have lost all understanding of the them as commandments, though I have section of the Church of Jesus Christ purpose of life. A great majority of the always looked upon them as the loving

of Latterday Saints, and I don't know people of the world do not know why advice of a kind Heavenly Father who, where anybody could go in the world we are here; but the Lord in the beginknowing all things, has pointed the

to witness a finer group of men in worning, starting with our first parents who way, that his children might be happy.

ship than we have here today. were placed upon the earth, began Now, he says:

of life, his children the purpose teaching I that grateful President Grant am shalt the take the of not Lord Thou name conduct, rules of to gave and them It is able us. to with be inwas thy vain; marvel for a will the hold God not Lord

if enhave observed, which, would guiltless that his in vain. him taketh life histo has name preserved. been me how

in lives, their happiness brought riched life times, his toThree knowledge, my life eternal of mortality, enjoyment and I this the of hope church membershiphas despaired been of are those by who celestial in the kingdom. realize that in profanity sight the our ofclose to him, he healed and has been

by the power of the Lord. Today is an When the Lord began the peopling Heavenly Father is displeasing, and thatevidence of what can come to an inof this earth—and he prepared it for there follows a loss of blessings whendividual who lives a righteous life. He the people who live upon it—he proever we fail to measure up in the way

has always been active and a hard vided everything that is necessary to that he indicates we should.

worker, and yet today, at eightyseven make us happy. You cannot think of Again, let us read:

years of age, he comes to us to enjoy anything that we need that is not proit the sabbath Remember day, to keep centuries, years, vided. the the have Aspart conference, of limited his though Six shalt labor, thou days and do all there uncovered been havestrength requires that his passed, to return he is new thyholy. work: the the But seventh of sabbath refineopportunities for development, rest before andhome he can back come the in thy Lord shalt it thou not do God:

again. ment, culture, and happiness in almost any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daugh-

I trust that I may have the benefit of every part of the world. ter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant,

your faith and prayers, that I may be When the children of Israel were nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is withled to say something that will be helpcoming out of bondage, where they had in thy gates: For in six days the Lord made

all sea, earth, in that and the andful, something that cause taken a in order us to been great and heaven that may rested them is, the seventh and day: onfeel that to it is a privilege performed, might wonderful be be identified work the wherefore blessed the sabbath Lord

with the Church of Jesus Christ of Latthey came out to the Promised Land, day, and hallowed it.

terday Saints. When we realize the and on the way the Lord talked, face

situation that people of the world are to face, to Moses, who was their leadNow, that is the advice of your Faconfronting everywhere, when we er, and gave to him a marvelous rule of ther and mine. That is the advice of

pause long enough to consider that the conduct, the Ten Commandments. the Father of our spirits, given to our

world is in a critical condition, that the I would like to read just a part of forebears thousands of years ago, given destruction of life and property goes those commandments, at least, and call with the expectation that they would on and increases as the days go by, we attention to the fact, that from the begin- [Continued on page 319) 274 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

GOSPEL THOUGHTS

Dm Ljeorae jr. rCickards AddressafternoondeliveredsessionatofthetheThursday114th

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE annual general conference,

April 6, 1944, in the Tabernacle realize that I am standing before a earth. What we have done and are

large body of leading representadoing to discharge ourselves, as a peo-

I tive men of the Church of Jesus ple, and as individual members, of this

Christ of Latterday Saints, men of abilresponsibility, is an evidence of our ity, experience and devotion to the sincerity, in what we profess. For more President Blood said that in answer

work of the Lord. than a century we have been preaching to a missionary call, when a young

I sincerely hope that what I have to the gospel in the nations of the earth man, he went to England. After being

say will be and on the islands of the seas, and many there some time, he was made president considered apthousands of honesthearted souls have of a district, and at the close of one of propriate for been brought into the fold of the Mastheir conferences a good sister invited the occasion, ter. We are organized also, as a church, him to go with her to dinner, saying

and stimulate to preach the gospel to nonmembers that she had invited a gentleman insome of us to within the stakes of Zion, and splendid vestigator to dinner, and she would like greater effort, results have attended our efforts in this President Blood to meet him. Our misalong lines of direction. sionaries are looking for such opportureligious activThere is one system of missionary nities, and President Blood cheerfully

ity, particularwork, however, definitely prescribed by accepted the invitation and went with ly that of inrevelation, that has not received the atthe sister. While she was preparing

dividual mistention of members of the church, that dinner, President Blood was sitting in sionary work, its importance deserves; it is individthe front room looking out onto the

one of the ual missionary work. street, when a man walked past the

impormost entered the sidewalk and on window I to testify sent Behold, out and warn you GEORGE F. RICHARDS tant, most and recoggate, President Blood the it whom people, the every becometh and man who

neglected, in Kaysnized his as a had lived to neighbor. of hath who been man warned, warn

all the responsibilities resting upon us, Therefore, they are left without excuse, and ville, President Blood's home town, for as members of the church. their sins are upon their own heads. (D. & some years. He had for some reason

The scriptures plainly teach, and we, C. 88:81, 82.) returned to the land of his nativity, and

the Latterday Saints, most sincerely If every man who has received the this lady had made his acquaintance believe in the doctrine, of the fathergospel were to regard himself as a misand was teaching him the gospel. Presihood of God and the brotherhood of sionary for the Lord, as the Lord indent Blood had to go to England to do

man, and we rejoice in the nobility of tends he should be, and then discharge what might and should have been done our ancestry, and this suggests to the himself conscientiously and fully of at home.

I regard our responsibility as memmind love for God and for man. We that responsibility, there would be an

believe in the two great commandments, accomplishment in missionary work, bers of the church, much as that which placed upon his servant, EzekLordupon anything in which hang all the law and the exceeding the the we have iel, in his day:prophets misof stake church today. The results

thy the shalt love Lord "Thou God that sionary are people here work show I thee of have a watchmade man, Son all soul, heart, thy with all thy andwith to might be converted, and be therefore what of Israel: the hear house unto acman

shalt all mind,"thy and, with "Thouand the at mouth, give effort. warnand them individual complished through word my

love thy neighbor as thyself."ing from me. When I say unto the wicked,

'twill at evening sweet be How die; shall givest surely him thou and Thou is best that the service believe We I say, can and If you to the not warning, speakest nor warn love, that the of manifestation and seeking Master, been we've his his to save wicked from way, wicked to Good that renderedgreatest service be can astray. that lambs went The life; his shall in die the wicked same man bringing is that of to our God,man, and faint hunger, Heartsore from and I his iniquity; will thine at require blood but

souls unto him and his kingdom. Hence, We heard them making moan, hand. Yet if thou warn the wicked, and he

we willingly make the sacrifice of And lo, we've come at nightfall turn not from his wickedness, nor from his preaching the gospel to the world, and Bringing them safely home. wicked way, he shall die in his iniquity; but

in other respects, to serve our God and thou hast delivered thy soul. (Ezekiel 3:17in the 19.) bepeople out world "\\7hen in religious All a way. fellowour man

join the converted is and this ""come of charthe ofthe church work souls us to saved about are be There their generally pretty use church, they servant, his acter. said to Lord The full in process, our the and do if we interest their influence to neighbors andMoses: souls. our them, duty by own we deliver

I in friends gospel. the thought is this have behold, and "For work my myglory—to bring to pass the immortality that where we have regular branch orWe who have; received the gospel

and eternal life of man."(Moses 1:39.) ganizations in the missions, the Saints know the great need our nonMormon

This is the end our Father has had in do as much toward making converts as friends have for what we have to offer missionaries. regular else But All beginning. is but do the the fromview at whenthem, andthey thereceivevalueit,it whichwill bevalueto them,exto leave the this nonare prone this to home purpose we end. Fora means

the gospel was instituted from before members alone, to their serious loss, ceeds the wealth of this world.

the foundations of the world. For this and our own condemnation. In this kind of service both giver and

purpose the church of Christ was esAt a conference I at one time atrecipient are greatly enriched.

tablished, in the various gospel dispensatended in North Davis Stake, President The Lord has indicated the spirit in tions on the earth, and for this purpose Henry Blood related an experience had which this missionary work is to be the gospel has been restored anew in by him, while filling a mission in Engdone.

these last days, and the responsibility land, which is a fair example of these And no one can assist in this work except rests upon the Latterday Saints to two classes—Saints in the mission and he shall be humble and full of love, having

preach it to all the world, and to carry Saints in the stakes toward individual faith, hope and charity, being temperate in forward the work of the Lord in all the effort in missionary work. (Concluded on page 321)

MAY, 1944 275 He did not have to die. He did that

his life that might take it he laid down Lsur again,voluntarily. He tells us plainly that he that is the because commandment PERPETUAL DEBT which he had received from his Father.

"No man taketh it from me,"he said, "but I lay it down of myself; I have

/4o6epk rlelaina Jmitk powerto taketoitlayagain.it down,ThisandcommandmentI have power &

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE have I received of my Father."

Can you imagine the suffering, the extent of the anguish of soul that our this delivered at the session the conference of the Address Thursday TTT is Savior the who through—he

that 114th session the informed afternoon morning were we L\ of order that Son of might we passedGod—in J- is it general the of debt, that annual conference, church out receive the resurrection, that and we

owes no man or any institution a dollar. April 6, 1944, in the might receive the remission of our sins

For that I am grateful, as I know you Tabernacle through obedience to the principles of are. But the church is in debt—fortuthe gospel, and an exaltation in the

nately not fipresence of the Father and the Son?

nancially, but Do we realize what all of that means?

it is in debt you; and therefore he hath paid you. And I think it is understood by many that

now, has alye are still indebted unto him, and are, and the great suffering of Jesus Christ came ways been in will be, forever and ever; therefore, of through the driving of nails in his hands

debt, and will what have ye to boast? and in his feet, and in being suspended

in as be debt until cross, death mercifully a upon salvaof is plan the glorious How long time as is him. case. released not the That foundation the tion, before inaugurated endures. excruciating, severe as as that was As of men. salvation the for of the world the With punishment, driving the coming of from race, start and the to sent was Adam help the of nails his through his hands through and it necessary so, became doing through this aftLord, feet, until being suspended, relieved and bring to transgress a law to for him I ernoon still suffergreater death, yet the by was world. into the mortality, or death, like to would ing in he the carrying which endured it for the necessary coming made That point out some sins the the of of burden us from to redeem Christ of Jesus FIELDING JOSEPH SMITH world—my oblithese of sins, sins, sins the your and of and every mortal the or transgression, Adam's gations resting living creature. suffering This became of the our death, through mercy and the collectively,upon church and upon fore it ever the cross, he got to and his in Jesus Father and Son heaven, the individually. church the caused to blood forth from come likethat atonement Christ, through we gift that said "every has good James the his of pores great body, so that was our from redemption are wise granted

is gift perfect above, from everyand his of soul, anguish his the of torment repentof sins our condition on own the of Fatherand from cometh down spirit that called he to upon was underance.

is lights, variableness, with no whom go. soul, to every resurrection comes The turning."ofneither Everything shadow

lives, not matter indebted? what Are he no Yes. matter we no Are how we that blessing possess, that every we

it as ungrateful? to unless Yes, the believes; wicked willing are comes he we is the the throughcomes mercy and to abide righteous, that every every and the to by as man well word comes from in heaven, ofgoodness Father our and to the his of shall unless mouth according receive reward God, obeare we Christ. his Jesus Son dient, unless hearts his in are our broken, works.

We read, in the second chapter of Salvation from our individual sins the scriptural sense, unless our spirits

Mosiah, the words of King Benjamin comes through our repentance and canare contrite, unless within our souls is which he was commanded by an angel not come any other way. And that all the spirit of humility and faith and obeto preach unto his people. I want to comes through the mission of Jesus dience.

read one or two of these verses: Christ, who, according to the teachings Now, there are many debts which

is the debt that if brethren, unto you, I say my you therefore,of Paul, boughtwe belongus withto hima andprice,we andare weof preachingowe to thethisLord.gospelThereto a wicked all theshould render praise thanks and

which your whole soul has power to possess, indebted to him. Never, worlds withand a perverse generation, and those

to that God who has created you, and has out end, will we be able to pay that are the words of the Lord, so do not ackept and preserved you, and has caused that debt. And that being true, we are under cuse me of calling the world wicked.

rejoice, should granted that and hasye ye his obligation It I is. commandments, to keep testify can to that from what

in liveshould with another peace one light truth, to to I in the of hearken it, walk have seen of and not I have of seen

I if that should unto say serve ye you his to to precepts, "every obey word the wickedness but small I a part, assure created the beginhashim from who you the that forth proceedeth from mouth you. the But is filthy, world today isning, to preserving and from you day

day, by lending you breath, that ye may of God."drunken, saturated and stinking with

live and move and do according to your tobacco. The world is full of immoralown will, and even supporting you from one Ingratitude is, I think, the most previty. It is a fallen world; it has been a

moment to another—I say, if ye should * alent of all sins, and one of the fallen world since Adam was driven

allserve souls, with him yet whole your greatest, resoul the every from because Garden of Eden, who and yet we unprofitable servants.ye be would it, fuses truth, in are to abide in the will not and has the Lord given who us the

all requires that behold, of he And you in light assisting the of understanding of mission and walk him, of his beingis his to keep commandments; he has and

promised you that if ye would keep his the commandments which Jesus Christ agents in this world, to regenerate it, commandments, ye should prosper in the has given, is ungrateful. He came and as far as it is possible to bring to pass

land; and he never doth vary from that gave his life to redeem us from transthat regeneration. It will never be fully

which he hath said; Therefore, if ye do keep gression. He was nailed to a cross and accomplished, so far as we are conhis commandments, he doth bless you and his blood was shed. What for? That cerned; we are not going, by our

prosper you. live, to preaching, that souls. receive might very save might we we many

first in the place, now, hath And he sins, of the remission that might, our wecreated you, and granted unto your you principles to their through obedience the given has unto Lord of "TPhe menlives, for are indebted which him. ye unto

And secondly, he doth require that ye the gospel, come back again into the * agency. They may act for themshould do as he hath commanded you; for presence of God the Father, and his selves, they can choose to do good, or

which if ye do, he doth immediately bless Son Jesus Christ. (Continued on page 323)

276 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SHALL LEAD THEM? WHO

at the delivered Friday Address Jtepken, oL Klckardi the 114th morning session of leP &J annual general conference, OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

April 7, 1944, in the Tabernacle

that enan think multiplied? policies tendencies because or of would mental One in thoughtful persons these the for I call concern attention to political lightened press implications. withMany urging the are a return to days find other spiritual country's values welfare would those moral which and

life virtues the of of and way questionable affect handling of such the welhappiness so and deeply means is It their days. that contentionformer

is temptation strong in fare a "news."which, the of There people and my for thingsthe worthwhile Ameriwhich disinteof vital the evidences the are enlarge of attainment to judgment, to on attributable are in large standsca measinstitution, basic in of gration true the our world. most and peace freedom

the ure to conother trends. to pass I must but

stacepts and reports of large first number the striking the most and From "Perhaps bility the of

- in recent months to us have come which timedeparture of from evidence fafounding delinquency moral increased indicating is in deterioratraditions the honored thers, to and over extending observations from and the tion has of home. American Much the persistence

I time, think of period longer is it a this much not said subject been and on of these conlife of that purity in saying safe are is detail. into to we necessary There go cepts through spite this of in is numthe and on wane that justification assertion for the ample the passing the in scientific advances made erous in large has the marriage meascompact years.

is life health. of Purity of preservation it as sacrament ure to a ceased be holy of Some diet imand than good something more generally regarded, so once and was these students It a contemplates disease. munity from it that prosperverted has been and observers, and for respect reverential and wholesome selfish in tituted millions cases to of and are they and the It looks man. of upon the body those purposes. unworthy Even among the ones who inas an of physical equipment still man its retain vestige of a would who L STEPHEN RICHARDS atarrest my of the for achievement strumentality sanctity are there thousands have who tention and disassopurposes, not high noble and it until the perverted holy ceremonymost admiration, command go my It spiritual. regards the ciated from as clergyhas become, one York New far Iso as assert, to think with and offense, not as pollution an the of body it, characterized of long experience man

it is conviction,deep that only not the against health against alone but "paganistic a completely pageantry"necessary original to return the to creation. bodily objective of sublime spiritual divine the overshadowing andprinciples living, of and ways work and the in taking of of poisons form The ostentatious of display with an wealthbut that spiralso the recapture must we stimulants narcotics unnecessary and vanity. and

it, faith, the reverential the devoand in unenergy bodily wasting of a and in marital the holding the power That iftion of forebears our sustain to are we all militate the pursuits against worthy is is declining year year contract bythe drive that will America make life. pure everincreasing the numevidenced by herachieve high destiny. glorious and life, the of pure deterioration a With is that the divorces, of ber and home farseeing are penetratingSome and vital components the of selfcontrol, one high fast of expression to ceasing an be realize to thatenough principles the of Resistance character, weakened. has of society to idealism and duty andliberty God justice equity and and incorpothe of the to urge temptation and to is in the fewness manifest and absencerated into institutional the of makeup less. is noticeably growing passions in particularly famithose children, ofour country the but of were expression of craving the Selfindulgence new and lies heritage of out reason and which bythe deepseated personal convictions for indulgence have become such means obligagratitude sense of of every and conceptsand of rightGod-ordained too altogether dominating with motives definitely tion perpetuto are charged lifeeousness, purity fair of dealing and frequently has of the people. This many in ate bloodof the race whose menwhich characterized the of most many rich of the enervation in the resulted of the concept flows purest streaminfluential contributive in and groups strugpoor. the of the The dismay and I this liberty in don't to world. be found history.our are There some among the incident to gles deprivations and it others, with but be know how may all,these observers, but not are who to effort something done have war may I feel the disgrace outraged with andfrank to enough religion accord to a tendencies, these the of retard advance the stigma land our heaped upon by in partmajor the formulation mainand feel that help but with one cannot but prostitution of the of holy covenanttenance of the salutory principles which old the deterrent the of the removal in advertised so the marriage widely spiritsupport enterprise. American and for selfgratification return urges would five, pifblic six seven and for religion, pleadSome more but many press—four, intensity. increased with socalled marriages undertaken byare as vague to the method which by

our spiritual and moral values may be celebrities within the space of a few Tt has long been pointed out that rerestored. years. A ligion as a motivating force has de-

I agree that a return to many fundaThese are not marriages within any clined. In many decades a smaller and

mental principles and practices is esdecent interpretation of that honored smaller proportion of the people are sential. I am sure that it is an error to and hallowed word. They are arrangeeven exposed to religious influence.

discard timetested doctrines or proments under the sanction of illcon- Churches and Sunday Schools throughcedures merely because they are old. I sidered laws for purposes which forbid out the nation have gradually but conbelieve that the soundest growth and description; yet these nefarious arstantly decreased in attendance proporevolution come from building on solid rangements are publicized together with tionate to the growth of population. The

and tested foundations. He is reckless their salacious dissolutions as well in schools have been so completely diwho disregards the lessons of experiglaring headlines all over the country vorced not only from religious control

ence. for the edification of our youth, who in but from all religious and spiritual inThe evidence is abundant to show many instances have been attracted and fluence that they never even have praythat we have strayed far from many allured by the glamour of these "celeber in any of their exercises except for

fundamental conceptions of right and rities."Is it any wonder that the probgraduation. Just why they see fit to

good. I refrain from mentioning governlems and vexations of good parents are (Continued on page 328)

MAY, 1944 277 Ukoviakt Service Man's f VHP

SECOND IN THE SERIES

Dm Aruak &5. iSrouun

COORDINATOR, LATTERDAY SAINTS IN THE SERVICE a;: AND PRESIDENT, BRITISH MISSION

because one does not have all the facts; to the enemy by surrendering his arms

then as he discovers these facts he finds or carelessly walking into a booby trap.

them incompatible with some of his ilUnnecessarily exposing oneself to danlusions, or with some things he esteemed ger or being the victim of selfinflicted as good. He must cast away his illuwounds is considered cowardly and is

sions, though he may have prized them a punishable offense in all military oras precious, and must accept what he ganizations. Proper regard for one's

had mistakenly esteemed as hateful. own safety so that he may continue to

Such was Paul s experience, and such is be a valuable fighting unit is enjoined the experience of all sincere searchers on all service men. The enemy would

after truth whether in scientific or regloat if he could deceive our men into ligious fields. an ambush by false promises of security.

Problemsolving in the field of reliThe wise soldier never forgets that the—Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberts gion, however, differs from that in other enemy seeks only to destroy him.

fields because it has to do with the ultiSo in life there is a cunning, wily in prayerful meditation a mate character of events rather than enemy whose whole business is to preWhenman confirms his faith in God, with superficial facts. It affects the pare booby traps and lure men into

and sees that his world is eswhole personality for time and for them. He not only teaches the fool to

sentially spiritual, although superficially eternity. It transforms Saul, the persay in his heart, "There is no God,"but

it seems to be wholly material, he sees secutor, into Paul, the apostle. After he beguiles him into thinking that evil is

evidence everywhere of plan and purbeing instructed and seeing the light, desirable and inevitable. Sin is the devpose and design; he tries instinctively to Paul realized that his persecution of the il's booby trap, and no amount of bravrelate himself to that plan, to find his Master was more harmful to himself ado will change the sinner's status. He

place in the scheme of things. He bethan to anyone else. Jesus pointed out who deliberately walks into a booby

comes anxious to bring his life into his folly and said, "It is hard for thee trap is a booby.

harmony with God's will. This necesto kick against the pricks."From that Do not allow either desire for the

sitates some changes in his habits. He day until the present, men have been bait, nor curiosity to know the mechawishes to forsake the wrong way—evil, learning that wrongdoing is really kicknism, lure you into any of his deadly

the cause of misery—and seek the right ing against the pricks, or injuring traps, which often are cunningly camouIt is oneself. the folly which leads to flaged to happiness, the deceive unwary. leads to do which Andway—good, if persisted if in, to degradasorrow, and living. deceived, changnot be been This what you haveto rich and radiant

ing of one's course, forsaking bad habtion. taught to recognize as such a trap does

its, and adopting new and better ways not seem to spring at the first contact.

in despair give sometimes up of are time them living, is in gospel language called Ten bombs, but thereof Many yielded they find they have in *** when the are no of sin. duds armoryrepentance.

Repentance follows faith as effects to wrongdoing. Sometimes they say to Some men are led to think that befollow causes. If repentance is genuine, themselves, "What is the use or trying? cause the punishment is not immediate,

it will lead to positive action. Admitting I might as well go on in this course now the danger of sin has been exaggerated

an obligation does not pay the debt. that I have been overcome and have or avoided. We may be sure that all the

The debtor, wishing to clear the record, yielded to impulse and desire."This devil's booby traps will explode eventuasks, "What shall I do?"wily attempt by the adversary to drug ally with deadly and undiscriminating

Saul of Tarsus, who later became the his victims into complete surrender is as effect.

Apostle Paul, came suddenly to the old as the story of Adam, and as false Men sometimes feel that they can point where he saw the error of his as its author. yield to what they are pleased to term

ways. He did not simply say, "Yes, All service men know that many batsome minor sins without danger of

Lord, I admit my error."He knew his tles may be lost before a war is won. eventually being overtaken by others,

conversion carried a definite obligation. How reprehensible would be the soldier unmindful of the seductive power of the

He inquired of his heavenly visitor, who would give up at the first unsucauthor of sin. Others seem to think they

"What wilt thou have me to do?"The cessful encounter with the enemy. The have found the safe way to avoid the

Master, who had appeared to him on courageous man, the hero, fights on in consequences of their acts, and they adthe way to Damascus, instructed him the face of odds, changes his tactics, vocate the false doctrine that effects do as to his future course. His faith was improves his skill, musters his courage, not follow causes. They should harken

followed by true repentance, which neand attacks the enemy even though his to the voice of the Master, "As ye sow, cessitated an aboutface, and called for sword be broken, but he never loses so shall ye reap."This law of the harthe courage which is needed by all who faith in final victory. He knows the vest is inexorable, eternal, and applies

espouse a new cause and forsake old quitter has no friends in either camp. to all.

habits and companions. He who does wrong knowingly, inBe not deceived by the Satanic

The method outlined in the first printentionally, is a traitor to himself and sophistry that all desires and appetites ciples of the gospel is similar to the to the cause he represents. It is unthinkmust be gratified. Remember that vice

method employed in other problem able that any United States service man and vigor have nothing in common, that solving: There is first a sense of need would deliberately give the advantage {Concluded on page 301)

278 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA APOSTATE FACTIONS TOttOowma theine rv larOAraom'twdc

OF JOSEPH SMITH

ii "revelation.""The Lord desires,"he

announced, "that we move westward

William Bickerton at once and organize the center stake of u5ia C-. Lecil rl/lcLjaulavm Zion in the state of Kansas."He sucto taking following a small ceeded in OF THE CHURCH HISTORIAN'S

continued Barnes Kansas, while GeorgeFromof Mormonismmost of thecameapostatea few branchesfactions which survived the spurious stalks OFFICE to preside over the flock in Pennsylvania, excommunicating Bickerton and the they sprang. From whichfrom

disciples. 1 his migrating Rigdon establishedcolony by Sidney

St. stake Kansas, a Johns, Near was organdisciple an foundedcame a who

into the Bickerground and Mr. presnew organization was very similar to driven the to continuedization has which

practice of church. Rigdon's washThe will exclaimed, the gathton be "Here Bicktime.ent William This was man

the ing continued, custom and feet was last ering in the of the Saints days."for aserton, a time served had who kiss"of saluting holy other a "with each in of the of branches elderpresiding one

ordinance. sacred a The was made the to he made HTransplanted West 's into church, he which hadRigdon

inthe Doctrine and Covenants and * effort his revive to a determined in 1845. baptizedbeen

rerevision the spired Bible of were avail. to His enthusiasm, but former no disciple, failure, his After Rigdon's for jected. plural the Baptism and dead perished animation ardor had when and Bickerton, convinced becameWilliam uninspired as marriage were condemned first his to ashes. After temple burned represidencythat priesthood the and practices. other of aposLike the some experience, regretful that encouraged he foltheir the and twelve withmained tate leaders, insisted that Bickerton Jospiritual gifts of the manifestations valin the plains thelowers and upon fallen prophet Smith a seph became his their accepting members, among Mountains. the Accordofleys Rocky his in ministry. early of The Book Mor- "revelations"as "prophecies"and Bluffs,ingly, sent Council about to he the revelation they acmain was mon err scripture. could Surely not they visit his elders to forthe 1850, year faith. fulness with of cepted a the thus than responhe had, and more in Alleghenies thestruggling community

that they might be confirmed in the faith At Greenock, Pennsylvania, their first sibility would rest upon them as well as himself. Speaking upon in tongues was chapel promised was erected. had He of the Samaritans old throughas were

gift with them. his that if a common they members conwould ministrythe John. of Peter and

When the elders arrived from the structHoly Ghostthis buildingto everybodyhe wouldpresentgiveattheits keepForhisyearslittleMr.flockBickertontogetherstruggledand alive.to

West, Bickerton and his followers dedication. During the dedicatory servAfter his death, about 1904, some of his

willingly accepted baptism and ordinaice, while waiting for a Pentecostal disfollowers joined the church and came to their ordainedtion at was hands. He to returned while most of them Utah, divine an play of approval, Bickerton

elder to preside continued over his and East, had William where prophetic H. Cadman declared waxed that the the and

flock, becoming an outstanding expromised blessing had been withheld assumed the leadership of the eastern a gospel restored of the andpounder faction. because contributed had many grudglittle of the so leader colonypopular its plans being ingly erection. were towards made to When However, of the the from mainfar removed body into the fragments tarried a consolidafar into the they had night beweld

original church. fore such an announcement was made. tion to be known as the Reorganized

his sincere intentions seemed His and visited Blair Church, Mr. Cad- W. W. presithe meeting subsequent a At untilfaith 1852. the year wellgrounded his invited flock unite and to with man that of that the declared dent fame

crisis for of a time andThis him was in the assuring movement, new of them the ends building to spread would flock.his scarcely recovered had They that to "Bickerton them authority had "this the temple the earth from and Rigdon's apostasy the offrom shock to lay baptize hands, and but on had fill roll will forth the gospel world and

it in learned that the Saintswhen was authority build to the no up church and this will forever."temple stand and thatthe publicly preaching were West should for waited have Joseph."young

plural marriage was a part of their reThis man who considered Joseph Mr. Cadman's reply was that God

ligious beliefs. He refused to become Smith a fallen prophet met the same rehad preferred the Bickerton organizareconciled to the new practice and withbuke after his memorable "prophecy"tion just as he accepted the church of

drew from the church, persuading most about the Greenock church, for within Alma in the Book of Mormon. A few

of the members in that locality to do a few hours the building was destroyed years later the breach became wider likewise. by fire. over the question of the plurality of

In that year his members were bapBefore the smoking ruins of the "etergods, Mr. Cadman insisting that God

tized into his organization. He pronal temple"were cool, a member of the had revealed to him "that Joseph Smith

ceeded to ordain two counselors and first presidency, George Barnes, decried taught (in that case) a worse doctrine twelve apostles, who in turn conferred the fruits of true prophecy and inspired than the devil did in the Garden of the same power and authority upon leadership. He had fed long enough Eden. The devil only taught that men

him. upon the dry husks of man's wisdom could be as gods, whereas Joseph Smith

It required years of effort to bolster and guidance; he boldly declared taught that they might become gods."

up their theological pattern and form an against such leadership and set himself (Concluded on page 288) leader colony. as the true of theorganization please the up which would account Bodies in Religious lA proBickertonite

II, west. of a mention p. 831 no move ) makesdisgruntled Crestfallen members followed abashed, and Mr. who had

it states, later joined apostatized Barnes, BickerGeorge(Vol. and

Rigdon for a season. In doctrine the ton met the emergency with a new the "Utah Church."

MAY, 1944 279 COURAGE CRISIS A

at the delivered Address 114th session afternoon of the Friday Ef JoL 4. Widt5oe

annual general conference, OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

April 7, 1944, in the Tabernacle from the day we lived in the heavens, ference, for it is another way of stating and which will continue to the very end. the results of obedience to the great

this has been workers, a very I this ness during conference. not all like to to be able say am gratewe WouldMY dear brethren and fellowMy heart has been filled with gladeternal, everlasting truths of the gospel. to me, conference and enjoyable calling ful for the into the service that the of great has ever been Jehovah

I know to all of us. A spirit of peace Brother Mark E. Petersen, as I am for with us, that the wisdom of God directs

has been here, and that is as it should the other brethren who have come into us in the seventh hour; and that we feel

be, for the head of his church is the council of the twelve recently, and in closer communion and better standthe Prince of of course for all who have served longing with God than we had ever felt

Peace. er. I have known Brother Petersen for before?

That which some time. He is one of us, a faithful As I read that message, I began to

has been said Latterday Saint. We can trust him. understand how he could walk as a

during these king, in the midst of circumstances of has two days for this preparation conference, Tn I distress persecution which marked and 1 interestbeen thought have the present perabout not of his life, though the last year ing, instructive plexed and pitiful conditions of the peculiar to that year, for he was ever and impresworld. I was led to turn back the pages persecuted, even feeling the attempts

sive. I have of history. It is said that "history reof the Evil One to destroy him and his

been built up peats itself,"and so I thought that perwork.

in my testihaps I might discover some solution for mony, as well our presentday problems by reading,rpHE experiences of his last year came as in my history. * to a culmination in the great April

knowledge of I turned, as I often do, to the Prophet conference of 1844. It began on SaturJOHN A. WIDTSOE the gospel. I Smith. this into I Joseph came church It continued of April. day, the 6th

felt to have from another church, a manmade through until days. The Tuesday—four

again,thank the Lord, time and as I church, one that is without perfect. good, almost the subweather was

have looked into the faces of you, my stance of truth, though filled with good More people attended that conference fellow workers, for the faith and devopeople, deceived in their belief. When than had ever gathered before at any

tion to truth and to the cause of the I found in this church the true gospel Latterday Saint conference.

Lord, his truth, which I know abide in of the Lord Jesus Christ, I fell in love The Prophet was not feeling his best you. with Joseph Smith. I have been in love physically. He said on the first day that

I am certain all of us were, shall I with him ever since. his lungs troubled him, and the sermon,

say astonished, when we heard the reSo I turned back to see if I might diswhich he had promised to deliver, he port of the year's activities of the cover something that he had said that would give the next day. On Sunday

church. Most of us had no idea, living might help me in clearing my own he did give it. It is one of the most

in our little corners doing our duty thinking. If you are willing, let me take marvelous messages ever given to

well in them, how great is the accumulayou back a hundred years. humanity, spoken by human lips.

tion of service the church is rendering. A hundred years ago the Prophet That conference was remarkable in

The twig planted by the Prophet JoJoseph Smith was living out the last many ways. The Prophet's mind seemed

seph Smith, under God's direction, on twelve months of his life on earth. It to sweep, as it were, the horizons of

April 6, 1830, has grown into a mighty must have been a terrible year for him. eternity. He touched upon the things

tree, bearing bountiful and good fruit. Enemies, and bitterness of feeling sprang that are far beyond—the things of eterThe thing that impressed me, I think up on every hand against the people nity. This sermon is known in our hismore than anything else, when the reand leaders of the church. Lawsuit foltory as the "King Follett Sermon,"a

port was read, was that every dollar lowed lawsuit. There was no peace, esmost remarkable document. I am glad

mentioned, every can of fruit reported, pecially for Joseph and his brother, Hythat Elder Joseph Fielding Smith inrepresented a spiritual value, greater rum. It would seem, as one reads the cluded it in his Teachings of the Prophthan the dollars, better than the can story of that year, that the events that et Joseph Smith.

itself or the fruit within it. The dollars transpired during those twelve months He taught revealing doctrines never

and the cans reflected faith, faith in our were too trying to be endured by ordiclearly told before, since Christ, or perhearts and in our actions. It reflected nary mortal man. haps since Adam, of the nature of God,

the nearness that the church of God is Therefore, I was thrilled when I our Heavenly Father, and of the destiny building toward the Father of us all. found the Prophet's own words as to of man. The doctrine as there taught

felt in tribulation of midst the he how into thinkhas incorporated our become I President Grant's heard When facing for death, persecution, and when writing, in ing serour books and and he impressiveeloquent, address—and his that eventually he doubt no knew without exactly mons, knowing when spirit the of conference the usgave

life. his exenemies destroy would He it first stated.. or was is how thisit that again church evident was

spirit. great In a pressed of the calm

I realities.built eternal thought It upon that at that conference the was stress the of of the midst storm and day his of of reading address theas I heard defined. of land Zion people was The calm. he of a majesty There was was in frequently statement sacreda made joined the had who church—ordinary said: as calmness about he him of thatwrit, "the is one course like God people perhaps ourselves—had

great has with ever me. Jehovah been The gospeleternal not round."does of The Kirtland as or thought Missouri,

will direct in of wisdom The God me truth. In or depart every fromvary this Zion. the the land of conference But at

I feel in closer hour. seventh communion in in dispensation,age, every every day the said that the Prophet land of Zion

I better standing ever than with and God all hour, in that can is all everyand do of we America and felt before. America—North

is to live righteously before the Lord, South America. As we read this acand to make use of the eternal principles In substance, that message has been count our minds go back to the days

which have been handed down to us given over and over again in this con- (Continued on page 333) 280 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA is through the power of the Holy Ghost that we are able to testify that we do know. It is not a matter of belief only, EFFICACY it is a matter of assurance that comes to

of PRAYER liveus, enablingthat we usdotoknow.say as certainly as we

Brethren, and radio listeners, I myself can testify likewise that I know.

know? do I how iSu do5eph jr. re/erriU But

I Now, may say that I am too old,

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE perhaps, to be too diffident to relate a little experience, and I believe that experiences are helpful. I shall here relate

Brethren, and radio listeners: And Address delivered at the Sunday one.

I am very glad to be able to say afternoon session of the 114th "Radio Listeners,"for of all the annual general conference, "pAMiLY prayer has been spoken of conferences I have attended during my April 9, 1944, in the * during these sessions by more than

I of the speakers. reared in a was I was ten Tabernacle one life—and family night prayer, where and mornyears that none of age—Ithey beganhave attendedwhen

I ing, the order. seen always have was I have enjoyed

to a greater my father sometimes too busy to stop degree than I to eat his breakfast, but never too busy his kneel in to family with prayer before this one, have call, He'll persuade, aright, direct left, for to the he thank the prosLord to the presup light, Bless with love wisdom, and pects for the day, of rest of the the ent of moment kind, In nameless be good ways and night, his direction to help ask and and time. the force never But mind. human

I in the labors the of day. taught was It is my

wish, brethren To achieve fully the purpose of morto pray at my mother's knee, and when and sisters, to tal life, man must pursue the way of life I could say my own little prayers, I was speak for a which the Lord himself has given, but taught that it was my prayer; it should

few minutes the Lord will force no man to do this. be said in secret, or at least to myself.

on, and call As a result but relatively few mortal So I knelt on one side of the bed, attention, to men make earnest attempts to follow brother on the other side, every night.

some of our the Lord's way of life. Why? There He never knew what I prayed for; cerJOSEPH F. MERRILL fundamenare many reasons, one of which is the tainly I did not know what he prayed

tal principles lack of sufficient faith in the existence for. But when I was about ten years of

and their application to our daily lives. of a living personal God, who is really age, I began to pray for a special blessIn doing this I desire to speak truthfully, our Father in heaven, and functions as ing. But I did not get an answer.

wisely, and helpfully. a loving, merciful, though just God. Why? Father had taught us that there

is three are factors that that multitudes of Latterday charmust We, in Eternal the believe FaGod, "We acterize Saints, lives, every that believe the that not prayer only will Lord God Christ, in ther, Son, and His Jesus and answer: testify lives, for real but that must he pray needs we know we We separate,in the Holy Ghost"—three in so, in grownups, even said, doing and he with accord somewe—and as united one are persons,distinct who times the ask Biblical things teachings. for are Lord they reminded do Weare in thein Since attunement. purpose and get, not that because foolishly occasion, they receiving ask Jesus, one on

it life, like, like must begets ofworld must worthily, pray his disciples various we to answers from and must we like are in that formfollow bodily we faith. his pray question, with to Peter turned asked: and

it cannot in Hence, heaven. Fatherour In I first to answer that prayer, say anye am?"ready no my The "Whom brutes or descendthat are truebe we

I faith came. felt, there, swer the art Christ, the The answer was: "Thou was the the of race of beasts; of areants we

I to the it. extent that living of exert son could the the God."Then MasThe did It that follows thereforegods. man

I there, felt need ter certainly replied: art was "Blessed thou, doubt no Simon asserts, create atheistnot, the as God that, about I flesh but the Barjona, for worthiness? blood not hath and was

spirit child ofin his image. a As own it could I think always thee, but revealed of something, unto Father as my in not only heaven, Father manour

is night after prayed in night heaven."(Matt. which without 16:1517.) anan also the form, his butinherited divine

I that swer, I that had said: occasion done another not should he On "My it attributes, thoughdivine even may

I done, have is so his continued and mine, sent that doctrine not but to pray, only. quantities in minutebe feeling I that If will will, shall his could me. when myself he any make man do

Among these are intelligence, willknow of the doctrine, whether it be of worthy of an answer, I would get it.

charity, love, thinkingpower,power, I of or myself."speak whether It God, after was I had nightpraying been

fairjustice, of sense patience,mercy, 7:16, 17.) (John five for ly years that the family whole

in the right, etc. believeness, and We in apostle the James, harmony And went, one evening, in the Wednesday

eternal progresof doctrinewonderful with of the teachings the Master, of month February, into attown and these withsion, which in accordance let "If lack wrote: any wisdom, of you a tended Sunday entertainment. School

attributes beinherited powers and may all to ask giveth him of God, who class its rendered number, followed men My effort righteous and throughenlarged it liberally, shall not; upbraideth and and that another I sang, by and remember reach, untilliving, they ultimately may him."there condigiven be But a was of the some that of words song: "Keep proportions. hereafter,in Godlike the let faith, tion in him ask asking, named—-"But on will answer God by."by and

it is true, fanciIs or doctrine a such that nothing wavering. he For wavereth that I revelation. a me To kept was on truth? eternal In acful, upon based is like the sea of driven a with wave praying.

cordance with this belief, life in mortalthe wind and tossed. For let not that Some four years later, in the latter

ity has a purpose. We know the docman think he shall get any thing of part of the month of August, 1887, in

trine is true. the Lord."(James 1:5-7.) my nineteenth year, after I had been

It is fitting here to mention another So this afternoon we have heard praying nightly for nine long years with divine gift to all born into mortality Brother Romney speak of the Book of all the earnestness of my soul for this that of free agency. Mormon, and of how we may know, if special blessing, I was alone in the bedfulfil the conditions that the Prophet we room, I said, half aloud, and "O Father, free this, soul is that every Know

in the last in the chapter names Moroni wilt thou not hear me?"beginhe'll life be, I was his and what choose To

For this eternal truth is given, book, of the genuineness of that book ning to get discouraged.

God will force no man to heaven. through the power of the Holy Ghost. It {Continued on page 348)

MAY, 1944 281 AFTER THE WAR

humbly pray God for the guidance

I of Therehis teachingis a continuousspirit. freshness OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

in the fundamental principles of the gospel. They never grow out of date. Fortunate is the man who translates them What life has shaken to the earth; Address delivered at the Sunday

into his life. And I, in faith, shall build my towers toward morning session of the 114th

In his masthe sun annual general conference, before. was there A stronger city than presentaterly 9, 1944, in the Bennett* April Ryder—Gertrude of faith tion Tabernacle

and his great Henry Grady, the great southern appeal for orator, declared, after the Civil War:

faith, the apos- "Fields that were red with human tle Paul, citing blood, are green with the harvests of the examples June. The reins have not slipped from And he that lighteth against Zion shall

of the heroes God's hands."perish, saith God.

against raiseth me that a king he For up of the of fulfilled, and will be purposes His of the king perish, for I, the Lord, shall Testais burst going to this not old world O 1 faithd I a will their be king, will and heaven, be said: ment, shall never asunder, and civilization that words. forever, hear light unto them my

Now, faith is perish from the earth while the gospel (II Nephi 10:1014.)

the substance of of the Lord Jesus Christ is taught, while perpetuof the divine pledge is a Here the hoped for, priesthood of God still remains upon CHARLES A. CALLIS things republic, conditioned glorious ity of our of the evidence earth. the

things not seen. I am not vain nor egotistical when I upon our obedience unto God, condieffort, determinaour tioned our upon I all that heart believe that with say my seen had we though as know, cleanse to land the tion, labors We our and this church, great the of priesthood God, delthe earth, the of creation thethem, is sin; thing, the and accursed of which permission to great the of be because resurcrucifixion, and birth, theuge, lurks sin in which the form you know is togeththis world holding old formed, Christ. Jesus Lord dear of our I is disguised. often pray hope and and acer, to be the missionary and work when millennium, the for hope this after this nation, durrectionWe war, that and is to this after going complished war plowshares, into beaten shall beswords this shall fortify the to ing land war joy. hearts overflow with our make pruninghooks. into spearsand We it in a extent, place such and such an shall go Father servants our of The of resurrection glorious the forhope that invulnerability the naof condition baptizing out, are one they and where reappearance the of and Saintsthe God the earth, in tions of as the says God score, shall or baptize today, they a and splendor the in Christof Jesus shall say: Covenants, Doctrine and for thousand, every hundreds, a yea

immortality. ofglory against to battle not Zion us "Let up go conshall every tongue and knee bend unsaid, faith,"Paul "we "Through terrible."for of inhabitants are the Zion is fess Christ. that the Jesus framed were that worlds thederstand is to south, Zion, north from America I I terthis faith, that believe, have

I one who of God."am the wordby east to west. from all its rible ravages, death with and war, in the that believes and hopes fondly

is govern- I after bringing to nearer our that the That God. war men pray state, preexistent spirit our world, for in centuries rule every that the the will furnish been has employment ment exercised and faith the wethrough this said: in fortifying counancient laborer, are passed. prophet inactive An of throne the before offeredprayers we

I I afflicted, it to learned thy be will try, mechteach that men was "When created, to earth this that wasGod, that nation for useful, statutes."anics, to a be taking come, and by mightwhich we is in in idleness, dissipation, in to imidleness decay But harbors doomed eterto ourselves, on gomortality upon of finally sadin destruction. the learn morality, wickedness, never and, One we immortality. perfection and nal

is life is It man's only when hours of dest about young a God. much God when continues: apostle Paul The all sits devise to heart seeks touches our us and he and ways makes down

But without faith it is impossible to please mourn, because of the grief in the world, and means for earning a living without him: for he that cometh to God must believe that we feel after him. For a touch of work. It is the wise nation that keeps

that he is, and that he is a rewarder of them trouble makes us all akin, and we look its people at work. The men who want

that diligently seek him. unto the Lord. Affliction and sorrow that bold independence that only labor

of nation. the strength are the brought have buy more souls to God than can is one that faith taught we are Thus

in strong to all the helps joy of the world. a people be Work life eternal which upon of the powers

the that the of from worship God, who, is based. of great read a "\I7e postwar program. slothof has days condemned Adam, this going are close of the war we At it Is all T* in pathetic that these not fulness. urged has always and men He mighty and remarkable to a witness declarations of the postwar name God to work. women shall faith. the under be of miracle We if is ever, seldom, best mentioned? The

I nation, that our buildof hope Furthermore, world, remaking a of necessity is in found the postwar program Book as the Star long forever, so that grant and world. ing a we now God up new I of the of read Mormon. words May the float shall in it Banner Spangled him. poetess has build unto upmay A the Lord:

the will remember heaven, of breezes said:

this shall Behold, land, said a God, be prethat "to of be Washington, words thine inheritance, of land the and Gentiles I dare could understood never how man is effectual for the most pared war shall land. blessed the be upon city to ground, the shaken a watch To Also, peace."of preserving means this shall liberty land a of land be And tragic the feel the tremors, sound hearTo

steer clear of to 'Tis true policy our Gentiles, the shall there unto kings and be no crashing twisting, everywhere houses Of the of land, alliances portion with upon any who shall raise up unto the permanent despair. conquered by a sick not be And

... Gentiles. this destined the foreign to his world."building crumbles Although a mound God

Of worthless ruin, man has always found And, now, listen: nation to be a light to the world, to be

The urge to build a stronger city there. And I will fortify this land against all a herald unto every nation, and nobly

fill that mission if we serve the Within my soul I made my towers high. other nations. we will

They lie in ruins, yet I have begun 'Reprinted by permission of Good Housekeeping God of this land and abstain from all

To build again, now planning to restore and G. P. Putnam Sons, Publishers uncleanness {Concluded on page 341)

282 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

\\ HE IS RISEN rom the <=JJ)ead

goes by that no day now E. By ALBERT BOWENPerhaps

desolate by is not made some home THE TWELVE OF THE COUNCIL OF receipt of a message from the war beginning: departmentor "We navy

the from the and Church Columbia over of the Air, KSL..."few Delivered a you. to Then informregret

1 1:00-l 1:30 Sunday, Tabernacle, Salt Lake a.m., M.W.T., to duty, devotion courage, aboutphrases

9, 1944, during the 114th Conference Annual April gloriousdying ly, and some mother knows "Dtched ineffaceably upon her memory name's sake, and would witness again the dull heavy *-* must have been that angelic salutain retrospect his compassionate feeding thud of a tion: "Hail, thou that art highly faof the multitude and see them attempt

heartbreak sigvored, the Lord is with thee, blessed art forcibly to crown him king only to turn nalling blasted thou among women."And again her back and "walk no more with him,"

hopes for her heart must have throbbed as she rewhen he explained that his doctrines boy that will called the prediction of eternal kingship laid heavy exactions upon those who not come home for her promised child. As memory's followed him in the matter of the purity

again. No one scroll unrolled, she would live again and fidelity of their personal lives.

may know those thirty years of filial obedience unLooking back she would recall how what reveries til he went to be baptized of that strange he had astonished the learned by the troop through man, John. She would relive that long depth of his understanding, and conher mind as vigil in the wilderness, where he founded hypocritical questioners by the

ALBERT E. BOWEN she sits alone, scorned the temptation to prostitute his power of his unfailing wisdom; how he

disconsolate.. power or to barter his soul for all the showed mercy to the sinner, brought

The boy that lay nestled under her kingdoms of the world and their glory. comfort to the disconsolate, hope to the

heart, the boy she nourished from Tracing his steps back to his native oppressed, cheer to the heavy laden, her own body during his helpless province she would recall how he "went and healing to the broken hearted.

infancy, the boy for whose future she about all Galilee, teaching in their All these triumphs Mary must have had dreamed dreams into which were synagogues and preaching the gospel of witnessed or heard report of. And then

woven the praises of men's tongues as the kingdom, and healing all manner of last of all would come the sickening they extolled his achievements and sickness and all manner of disease vision of his being tried before Herod whose children should one day sit upon among the people. and Pilate, meekly submitting to be

her knee as she told them the story of dressed in a purple robe, with a crown his rise to fame..,. Now all seems And his fame went throughout all Syria: of thorns crushed upon his brow, and

ended, the promise of life cut off, made and they brought unto him all sick people mocked and scourged. And finally there

fruitless, all sacrifices and strivings that were taken with divers diseases and would haunt her the sight of his staggervain. Her boy is dead, victim of bluntorments... and he healed them. ing under the weight of his own cross

multitudes great there followed him And it. dying and in a recreant,dering in agony upon human stupidity

Galilee, of Decapolis, from from people andwilfullydisobedient of it all? This world. was to be made What Jerusalem, and from from and Judea, and

Then, perhaps, as she sits with her from beyond Jordan. (Matthew 4:2425.) ignominious death seemed to spell the

musings, companioned by despair, she failure of his life, the frustration of his thwarting the of and the promthe of story of sees hope born a vision herself mission see probably She would reign ise of perpetual the over kingdom with mother, other a of that who congregafew seated as of that a member women and one lone disciple, watched tion at Nazareth when he went into which should be without end.

so long ago at the foot of the cross as the synagogue on the Sabbath day But Mary had not long to wrestle perplexities for: these with the "In end first high nailed it, died born, uponher scripthe that said because he whence,

of the sabbath, to as it tobegan dawn in malefactors, 'mid between agony his fulfilled in him, the tures were own..."first the the of ward day week jeers of soldiery taunts a ribald and out through drove him and townspeople

to to the sepulchre came the women of gloatings apparentlyand the city victorithe the of to the escarpment edge certain unfinished offices for adversaries. vengeful ous, bigoted and intent cast to evident him headlong perform with

His birth had been heavenproclaimed, into the abyss below. But apparently the dead. Their wonder grew as an

angel seated stone the was who upon for the angel of came to that mothGod his his in for exercising once power own rolled had which the been back from said: ater Nazareth and behalf through he passed and went them

of the said: tomb his in review bedoor pass There would way.

for hast not, thou found Fear Mary: his into fore entry triumphal her mind I for Fear not ye: that seek ye know with favour God.

Jesus, crucified. to which the people thronged was Jerusalem when

...... forth bring shalt conceive thou and

is for risen, here: not said as he he He the and with meet strewed him way call his shalt son, Jesus. and name a

.. tell quickly his disciples go and Andis their garments branches with and palm called the shall shall great, be and be He

... is that risen the. he dead. from ( Matthew to shall the of the the and shouted: "Hosanna son Highest: of Lord and God Son 28:1-7.)

of father his the is throne give unto him in the that: Blessed cometh he David

David name of the Lord."(Matthew 21:9.) Cuch is the glorious message of that And he shall reign over the house of Jacob for ever; and of his kingdom there Again she would hear his penetrating great triumphal morning. It bore to

shall be no end. (Luke 1:3033.) words from the side of the mountain Mary the answer to her bewilderment.

by the seashore as in that most wonderNow she could know that the promises

Then the bereft mother of today may ful of all sermons ever uttered by the for her Son made at the annunciation catch an understanding glimpse of the lips of man he called blessed the poor had not failed, that his life of anxiety conflicting emotions which must have in spirit, the meek, the merciful, the pure and care and suffering and sorrow had tugged and pulled at the heart of Mary in heart, the peacemakers, they who not been in vain. So in like manner may

as, after seeing him laid in the tomb, hunger and thirst after righteousness every brooding mother who has reshe reviewed the checkered and mysand those who are reviled and perceived a "We regret to inform you"letterious life of this heavenheralded Son. secuted and evil spoken of for his [Continued on page 338)

MAY, 1944 283

VL GOSPEL PLAN

Address delivered at the Friday

Da ssfarotd v>. <=JLee afternoonannual generalsessionconference,of the 114th

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE April 7, 1944, in the

Tabernacle

yrsan example of the doubts and the those who were to inherit the celestial

L\ vain philosophies in the minds of glory and that it would be cleansed

L JL some of our young people I want from impurity in order to become that to read you a few statements contained holy place. How the earth was to be will I bestow all my fruits and my goods.

in an article that appeared in a publiprepared for that condition is indicated And I will say to my soul, Soul, thou hast years; take for laid goods many up much university in brief visions recorded prophet by acation from our own state

eat, drink, merry. But ease, be thine and said heaven the last during and a he "saw a new who fool, this night him, said unto Thou God earth."(Rev. 21:1-4.) Another new few weeks: thee: then shall of required be soul thy

shall said, the "and and end come be, thou things which shall those the whose for Heaven shall shall earth pass and be consumed is layeth that he provided? up treashast So

children. the Tois shall is rich not toward God. himself, and there for be a heayen and ure new away

it is child's mind 12:1821.) (Luke earth."(D. 29:23.) a C. and new & real. the For

of speaking the Prophet Joseph, it The adult belongs discipline of the rewards the Without in earth of condition to the the which world would of in that are spoken punishment and fantasy after that be, that cleansing and then and salvation, passions life of plan the and makebelieve. state, in If purification, deits immortal

unbridled; appetites on go would and have become we that the earth clared a as be would

adults unchecked crime go have on vice and would we crystal unto a and and Urim Thummim left the of idea days. stalk our wickedness would and

it. those dwell would upon who The behind. heaven is then manconceived, If the but church

spirits, interim dwelling the of place Perhaps the for of care the not be would our needy this is great taking place, while change inonly mature of spiritual welfare temporal the and B. LEE HAROLD is in dividual the indicated revelation the where who assisted, our but are to those be who finds the everyof of place Prophet happispeaks "a

in the case extended, as care be would is the exhilarating promising and oneday Paradise, called ness place a where institutions, merely public so with beliefs his in many childhood has supplantedwho shall state there state peace, of a a be in confidence worldly socialanother with political the or heaven the the or with rest, all rest shall of from where men. is earth.a world heaven modern on The state the the or of of welfare economic

all their troubles care from and and ethics chiefly than ratherconcerned.with. it the as administer individuals who rest sorrow."to of This not spoken was living better with theology,with than with chief consideration.

hereafter. inactivitythe the of analysis rather of methodical but a condition be

was to be what the Lord called it, a I have a feeling that whenever we

I suspect that that young student was place where men and women were to have among our leaders those who thinking of the kind of heaven that too enjoy the "fulness of his glory."To say would say that the care of the needy

frequently is pictured, which requires that there would be no such a place as should be left to public institutions and much hymn singing and ever so much the state where one could have rewards not to the church, there we have men praying with rows and rows of saints or punishments for the things done in who lack the spiritual insight into the kneeling in perpetual adoration as a the flesh, would be to say that there spiritual values involved in caring for continuous occupation; and perhaps would be no such a thing as a judgment; the unfortunate.

his idea of God and the creator is and to say that there would be no judgIn the parable of the Savior at the similar to that which has been expressed ment would be to deny that there was close of the great Sermon on the Mount by one writer who spoke of God as "a atonement for the sins of mankind or he taught very plainly the doctrine that sleepless active energy that actuates all that Jesus Christ was the author of salthe storms of life would descend upon things, so small and yet so complex as vation, the plan by which man could be the wise as well as the foolish and by into dwell in the wonderful energies of sanctified for that holy state. To say ference, upon the good as well as the

life and sound and electricity, in the that there was no such a thing as the bad, upon the rich and the poor, and that vital processes of human and animal atonement would be to define sin merely only those would survive, when those form, in the motivating influences of the as a philosophical formula. If one were tests and trials should come, who had

human heart,"and so on. Such a one, to doubt in a life after death or in a resbuilt their house upon the rock, because

who believes thus, would have no faith urrection from the dead, as such a belief they had listened to the things which the in the teachings of the scriptures or an would imply, then man would be of all Lord had taught them concerning the understanding of their import. To one men most miserable, because he lacks gospel plan.

such the Church of Jesus Christ would faith in that which would follow after be relegated to a mere organization of his life here upon this earth. Tn battle those with faith in heavenly

man, lacking either the reason for or A things forbid a dangerous fatalism that the authority to administer the ordi- T have tried to think how a man would ofttimes induces carelessness and recknances of salvation. guide his life if he had this sort of lessness in combat as well as in private

Heaven, as we have usually confeeling and this disbelief in heavenly conduct. The kind of difficulty in which

ceived it, is the dwelling place of the things. Life, with its fleeting opportuour young men today find themselves,

righteous, after they have left this earth nities, it seems to me, would be a mad the terrible struggles through which they life, and the place where God and scramble for the satisfying of one's are passing in battle, is revealed in an

Christ dwell. Of this happy state the selfish ambitions and the seeking of interesting bulletin we have just reapostle Paul said, "Eye hath not seen, worldly gain. Against that the Master ceived from one of our chaplains down

nor ear heard, neither have entered declared himself in a parable where he in the Italian area. He starts this bulinto the heart of man the things which spoke of the man of affluence who was letin by quoting from President Grant's

God hath prepared for them that love seeking about for a place wherewith to great blessing to the boys in the milihim."The location of the place was bestow his goods: tary service some time ago. As I heard

made clear by the revelations of the President Grant declare again a blessing

Lord to us in this day when he said that And he said, This will I do: I will pull upon our boys, I thought how well it

the earth was to be the abiding place of down my barns, and build greater; and there (Continued on page 331

284 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Address delivered at the Sunday afternoon session of the 114th annual general conference,

Tabernacle Jke SABBATH DAY April 9, 1944, in the

: sisters brethren and I am deepof Dm Spencer l/U. J\imbatl for privilege grateful ly theMYbearing testimony to you in this OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

general conference.

It has been a source of joy to me to see how universally happy the people from California, from Canada, from quency. If we will take them with us to

are in the seOregon, or somewhere else in thesacrament meetings and teach them r% lection of church. Then we talked just a little bit their privileges and responsibilities in

Brother Mark while we were waiting for the meeting, the church, we shall thus be able to lead

E. Petersen to about the wheat in Canada, or the them into paths of righteousness. If we

work with us salmon in Portland, or the cotton raiscan make the home the center of the in the council ing in Arizona, and about our church universe for our children much of the of the twelve. work, and then we did really enjoy the sin of the world can be bypassed.

It is going to conference, as we knew each other and Our Savior said: "If thou wilt enter

be a great joy sat enjoying the spirit of the Lord tointo life, keep the commandments."

to me to be asgether. From observation it seems to me that

sociated with I want to assure you that on either one of the commandments which we him. side of each of you is one of the finest wantonly break is that command to obThis confermen in this whole world, who belongs serve the sacredness of the Sabbath

ence has been to the greatest fraternity holding the day. We were quoted during this con-

a most inspiraholy priesthood, in a high and responference the word of the Lord spencer w. kimball tional one. The sible position, a man that you will want

spirit of the to know. Remember the sabbath day to keep it

all shalt holy. Six thou labor days and do in rich here seems to have been life theLord greatest thrills Among of my is the seventh the thy work. But sabday

Iabundance. have been these imare conferences priestwith the much it the bath of in shalt thy Lord God; thou

pressed by the singing. Many people hood leaders of the church, men tried not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor

who heard the conference sessions and true, when we gather together in thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy over the radio said to me that the songs this historic building in general confermaidservant, nor thy cattle, nor the strangsounded as if they came from a great ence; I am grateful for this privilege er that is within thy gates.

trained male chorus. Every song seemed of meeting with you. I stand before

most appropriate and fit perfectly into you in humility, and I love you for your "\T7hile attending one of the conferthe theme of the conference as it unfaith and your integrity and your devo- Y* ences last fall, one of my first folded. I think I have never heard the tion to the work of the Lord. down state, I was housed in a hotel, and

song, "I Need Thee Every Hour,"Six months ago I was first sustained early Sunday morning I was awakened sung with such power and beauty and by you in this position of responsibility; by considerable noise in the halls and

harmony as it was sung in this conferit was six months ago, day before yesthe lobby of the hotel, and when I ence by these thousands of men. Perterday, when I knelt at the feet of came down I found that the lobby and

haps my appreciation of the song came President Heber J. Grant, our prophet, the cafe near it were filled with men

from my feeling of need of the help of seer, and revelator, and his hands, towith colored shirts and caps and with the Lord. gether with the hands of the members hunting regalia. Their guns were clean

I am not unmindful of the grave reof the quorum of the twelve and the and shining. They were all en route

sponsibility that is mine in occupying patriarch, were placed on my head and to the mountains and the canyons to get this position, and I earnestly pray for I was ordained an apostle of the Lord their deer. When the conference day

the blessings of the Lord while I stand Jesus Christ. was ended and evening found us on our

before you. A half year has passed, and I have way home, many were the cars that we

I was impressed by the song which enjoyed my work immensely. I have passed with a deer on the running

you sang so well: been from southern Arizona on the board or on the bumper.

hills stands with Zion surrounded, andsouth,Losto Angelesnorthern onIdahothe weston theto north,New agriculturalAnother Sabbatharea, andI drovewas distressedthrough anto divine. Zion kept power by

Happy Zion, happy Zion, York on the east, and everywhere I find there were mowing machines and

What a favored lot is thine! have gone I have been accepted with balers and perspiring men engaged in

courtesy and consideration, and I have harvesting the crops.

And the thought came to me: What a learned to love the people all over the Still another Sabbath I drove through

favored lot is ours to be able to assemchurch. Main Street of one of our larger towns,

ble in general conference and to bear and I was dismayed to find lines of testimony to each other, and for the Tn the past few sessions of the conferpeople standing and waiting their turns other numerous blessings we enjoy. * ence we have heard much of juvenile to get into the picture shows.

I thought as I saw you brethren sitand adult delinquency. I am sure that Still another time when large numbers,

ting in this large group, what a marvelthe living of the gospel of Jesus Christ of people with hiking breeches and ous opportunity for fellowship we have in our homes will solve most of these slacks were driving to mountain rein this church, men from all parts of problems. I am sure that if we have treats with picnic lunches to enjoy the

North America (and they would be prayer in our homes, around the table, beauteous Sabbath in the canyons.

from all parts of the world, if the war with our families, and as we retire for And the word of the Lord continued would permit ). I was wondering how the night that our families will be closely to resound in my consciousness: "In the

many of you are acquainted with the knit together, and will grow in spiritudays of their peace they esteemed lightbrother on either side of you. I used ality. If we shall have home evenings ly my counsel; but in the day of their

to enjoy coming to conference a little and gather our broods about us, we trouble, of necessity they feel after me."

early and sitting down there with you, shall be able to teach them obedience, I wondered if we must be brought reaching out my hand and saying: "I and discipline. They will come to love low with adversity before we will serve

am Spencer W. Kimball, from Safford, the home and the family, and will be the Lord.

Arizona."Then my brethren on either protected from many of the vicious inThere came ringing again in my ears

side would tell me whence they came fluences which are increasing delin-,, {Continued on page 346

MAY, 1944 285 DEAREST MOTHER

returning first impulse on ZtetL WeU VI omad to your &yfrom theM,.yfuneral, go was to

room and tell you all about it. That

your thoughtsecond which shows me you begged had chair, glasses so lyingempty your unavailingly so is Bible,pathetically the one your on the give up to all I so.that stabs carried have But me ( fiand hard

bits interesting items of gossipthe and profnancially)

I long, forto miss that cannot so you itless work.

telling really big about you this—this rememNow, vitally. thatthing concerns so That you unbering how

is the enjoyed have reason would you were you happy it; for the of old of age one was finally when we

feltthat so unyou unimportant—sohurts you persuaded

fornecessary! years so You, many who age by ( aided

trie things, in thick the been cenofhad failing andter attraction in of any where group you untilyou health) it be, to adjust tohappened found hard othsome foundyourself to the of octoan backwater of er means life.genarian's glad I'm service,

You were lonely these last years, you were wiser too, with a loneliness we could not than we. But

reach, and could scarcely sense; the on that occatragic loneliness of one who sees no sion I could see

contemporaries, who longs achingly for nothing but that a lost generation. But you would not you, seventyhave been lonely today, dear. On every one, and frail as

face, and the old hometown church was a reed, were full to overflowing, you should have starting on a seen tears of loving remembrance. fiftymile ride in

Tragic that these reunions must so often a blizzard, wait on death! How I wished that you through snowwere present, to see and hear the tribblocked roads;

utes paid by those who had known you starting out in longest and best; and though I am not a sleigh, with a

going all sureat were not, you I am for young boy it, just as I have all aboutto write you a --Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberta with driver,

always done when you were away. bakekettle full

You'd have gloried in the flowers. of hot stones at your feet, on the feeble years, you had discovered so many

talents. roads hidden a bus on the of catching chance all gorgeous the glad for wereWe I still the high school teacher who run. It was could Now where busses had never had of them.wealth You

personal your charm, your of mentioned sense the and adventure realize the life. of flowers Oneenough

tact. the comradeship, Your your followed, warm which accomplishment ofthe in all doctor—spokeyour speakers—the of occasion gala some making of a way you parents when the of gratitude unthe dry, struggle with endlessyour

trip. well full ordinary small and life (How safely, were in the ushered new pride and desertfriendly soil—your few hardwon bloscompensation for it all. we children remembered and loved thathappiness in your

in in our Darling, never knew, you! we It your dwelt on hesoms. was who

carefree were childhood happy, we eflifelong beauty, your of andlove too, mentioned, doctor he often desperately poor, X made life it into yourforts and bring to own so—youthat with association unique his long and life intangibles!) in rich the so

( friends. family Oh, of yourthose and first, his very youthwere you you. For it the the people, you But was women it all the All I have now! hope you called later, in you ful teacher what and of for period during a whole cared had perfection peace youbeauty and and nurse. life, his trusted most second your to underprivileged, the childbearing, striving eighty years thanspent more a speaker older made the who It was vistas of hope had opened you whom for!) the intellect active and of point your to escape, the sheep black and whom

But I understand now why you had many, many youths to whom you and you had reached a helping hand, who to work so hard for everything you Father had opened the magic doors of crowded around us in the churchyard had. You loved it that way, dear. You the mind. He spoke of those days when to whisper brokenly what you had

were a pioneer woman, child of pioyou were pioneers of education, helpmeant to them. Those were the tributes

neers, to whom life was a real and gloriing to establish a high school in a raw too intimate and precious to be spoken ous struggle, and whose appetite for it western town where an elementary edualoud.

was sharpened by the toll it took of cation had been considered full equipBut I mustn't forget the response, their strength. That was why your fament for life, and the Fifth Reader the when the doctor, rather unorthodoxly,

ther, on his seventieth birthday, drove ultimate accomplishment. He rememas he said, called on the audience for

the first wagon over a precipitous mounbered your flashing wit and charm, and a show of hands by those whom you the center tain in of of always the wilds pass you were a new country, how time at some had served—I hope you

life. theatriof leading a colony community homeseekers hardy The amateur forest that of hands! saw

to a new haven. And that was why, cals in which you, with your darkeyed You'd have loved the music, some of

on the morning of your own seventybeauty, were, as a matter of course, alyour favorite hymns, so beautifully first birthday, you started out so gaily ways the leading lady, from Blackeyed rendered, and a touching solo by an old on one of your missions of mercy. That Susan to Little Nell. He told of the friend; and how proud you'd have been

was the dreadful winter of '33, and we boys and girls, in whom, throughout the (Concluded on page 308) 286 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

SPIRITUALITY

Address delivered at the Friday a amdt cJjeuwianencu morning session of the 114th annual general conference, April 7, 1944, in the By EZRA T. BENSON

Tabernacle OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

I brethren, think now, know how arrests, generation the pleasure, adult 18 enslaved under 23.4% by Boy effectively suspense might be used obligation arrests, 21 that forgets the Girl under solemn any most 47.9%

as a tool of punishment. [Laughter.]I the in of eyes and person assume can God

I rejoice with you in the opportunity For the first time since records have men is to guide and direct the child along of meeting in this great conference. I been kept, age seventeen predominated proper paths. To place anything ahead of

was made happy yesterday in the apin the frequency of male arrests. For that responsibility is akin to criminal neglipointment of the first time, age 18 predominated in gence.

arrests. Brother the of female frequency Mark The then on what he he comments And

to fill Petersen situation of the seriousness is more calls the theory": "crackpot

the vacancy in clearly seen when it is remembered that the council of these increases, particularly in female This is the kind of "crackpot theory"the twelve, and arrests in 1943, are in addition to similar which has laid the groundwork for our preswith all my increases in 1942. Compared with 1941, ent surge of teenage trouble. For years we

theorists listened to quack some and I sustain heart arrests the of girls under 21 years of age pseudopsychologistshave have preached who percent. 130.4 increased pray him and has that discipline control and were bad

our Father to Now, I recognize that these statistics children, that they should be left uninhibitedfor bless him, and are subject to some interpretation. Beto work out their own life's pattern and

bless us all in cause of the lack of time I will not attheir own selfdiscipline. But you never acif selfdiscipline quire learn never respective you what our interpretation, particular but tempt any

is. life's discipline Neither problems be can in the callings indicative feel of that they are I do without out experience which a worked can priesthood. trend serious the conwhich should be or secured be hard through only knocks by been EZRA T. BENSON I have certrue of American, cern every and of others. experience the guidance from

greatly containly every member holding the priestNow, we are reaping the harvest. Fathers

cerned, as I am sure many of you have, hood in this church. Those offenses have gone to war or are working long hours;

over certain trends that are in evidence might be broken down as follows many mothers, too, are working on day or in this great land of ours, which tend to night shift. Youngsters are left to their own

strike at the very foundation of many of In the case of male arrests under 18, ardevices, and the tragic fallacy of the theory robincrease; 39.8 for rests percent rape, is selfdiscipline just that being grows I the dear. recognize thingsthe hold we

27.7 burglary, increase; percent bery, 39 demonstrated day. day by to thatgreat have promises been made theft, percent. 23.4 increase; auto percent

of thethis of through Book land Zion, ofarrests 21: in female under Increase conference a stake a "pOLLOWiNG few prophets through prophets andMormon in30.1 property, percent fenses against * ago, young uniform months a man in I yet, latterin the days. wonder violations, 53.2 perAnd miscellaneous crease;

sometimes if we, as members of this cent; and offenses against common decency, came up to me and asked for an opporgreat land, recognize what is necessary such as drunkenness, vagrancy, disorderly tunity to talk for awhile. This was

for us to do in order that those promises conduct, prostitution, commercial vice, and his story. He said: "I am a member of

other such as adultery and sex crimes, certain a near Washington, D.C. camp realized.might be

of 56.9 perincrease fornication, show an the services attending held been I have fulfilthat the sure all know I am we cent. the there but,"boys, he by Mormon is congreat promises of thosement

"I haven't to participate. able been this said, Hoover, in commenting upon Mr. the of worshipingtingent our upon God

Isn't priesthood. the I don't hold there situation, serious made and alarming isthis Christ. land, Jesus who

I that something so that be can done following the comment: if I like, bless will the Lord would participate the priesthood get can and

me, to refer to one of the trends which This country is in deadly peril. We can in the administration of the sacrament

since all still this for concernhas caused lose freedom deep we and win me war the exercises the and among Mormon rot for the of moral creeping in ridAmerica;last In in assembly. conference met boys?"

I is into nation. eating the disintegration this plains greating the counacross of I awhile, for chatted learned As we easily alarmed, but or easily shocked not amtry, route en D.C., from Washington, that not of only he deprived had been I others, of like both thousands today, am I letter the conference, readto a and priesthood, the but never had been bapalarmed. shocked and

friends of greatreport of our from one all tized. girls his told of of he teenage and arrests Yet boys town home The me

youth, law and order and decency, and over the country are startling. Some of the here in Utah, a Mormon community, of

the American home, Mr. J. Edgar crimes youngsters are committing are alhis father and mother both members of

Prostitution, unspeakable. murder,Hoover. most his inactive, the church, his father mothugly these are words, but it rape, I that to find the trend was astounded active. er somewhat they But more had

it If situation. ugly are to correct we is wean in this juvenileof delinquency this accepted "crackpot philosophy"it. face great must

land has reached proportions which that they would let the boy grow up and should shock all of us. I am going to A recent survey of Christian ministers choose for himself. Then he pleaded

refer, if I may this morning, to some in this land indicates that sixtyfive perwith me that some means might be proof the figures which were presented in cent of the delinquency is due to broken vided that he could come into memberthe "Uniform Crime Report for the homes. Commenting on this situation, ship in the church and enjoy the blessUnited States and its Possessions, by Mr. Hoover continues: ings which he saw the other Mormon

the Federal of Investigation of Bureau enjoying. boys

public indicted opinyouth, America's bythe U.S. Justice,"of Department taken I call your attention, brethren, to my is for carefree, reckless ion blamed and as Bulletinfrom the Annual for 1943. revelations the the given by Lord with lies fault elsethe real misdeeds, these but

The increases in crime during the where. Before any youth has broken the reference to the responsibility of paryear 1943, as measured by arrests, are law, some adult has committed a more ents to train their children, to teach

as follows: serious crime. Driven by lust for money or ( Continued on page 324

MAY, 1944 287 MARK EDWARD PETERSEN ip November 7, 1900—Born at Salt

sister, City, twin with a Lake

Christine eSDonse TO A CALL the Christian son of and

Andersen Petersen, Danish con-

O V I/lark (L. yetersevi Januaryverts to13,the1920—-Setchurch. apart by Elder

Fielding Smith to fill a misJoseph OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE in sion Canada.

July 7, 1922—Returned from the CaPresident }. Reuben Clark, Jr. Address delivered at the Friday nadian Mission, after laboring in

afternoon session of the 114th Nova Scotia.

for people, the Petersen,"Older conference, general for annual August Emma 30, 1923—Married*—in the Salt in the associates, I Lake 7, 1944, want you Marr McDonald to know April 'your

that you are welcome, that we love you, Tabernacle Temple.

and that you have our unbounded symApril 19, 1931—Sustained as a mempathy and support. ber of the Liberty (Salt Lake City)

Stake high council, where he was

Elder Mark E. Petersen through the years by the visits I have assignedpriesthood.to work with the Aaronic

as offices repre- a to the church made I Clark, President a 9, member October you, 1934—Became sentative Twenof Deseret News. TheThank of the directors of the of board words. those appreciate deeply

it to pleasure ty years make ago was my aftof Society Utah, Genealogical difit is extremely brethren, My there, first visit reporter as and a my years er for traveling of a number afterthis address youficult to for me President with acquainted to the conducting become throughout church call the I greatly shaken bynoon. was for thrilled genealogical conventions workGrant. me has Heber He J. I feel that yesterday. to came mewhich ers. I years. those twenty know throughout

I least the am I is I live prophet a that he that as know as 5, second January 1936—Sustained all. you among I all love in presof the him Almighty Liberty counselor Stake God.

I never have idency. are him. soul; loves family my my withWe felt humble so that grateful that with can say you we 1, Elder August 1941—Succeeded all in days, my for thee, prophet."a thank God, general as manBennion Samuel "We O. O

I this at as do Startof with ager Deseret association I News. for grateful The my am present moas carin ing a newspaper work the at stand brethren other these who ment. rier, staff in the joined he News I of them church. the of Most head

I indeed to the posiclimbed 1924, am and had I love also years, for and have known tion editor of for and managing news grateful all heart. have They with them my this receiving editor appointbefore of qospel the

kind. most been ment. i Christ, Jesus IIL I lives. that I that know God know ggjj|i t the hap19, from mos October am |1| jjfjj 1941—Released of the is God. Christ the and Son Jesus presidency. Liberty Stake the that W py if I him, it seen as had well as I know H permitLord 16, a as November declarin I pleasure shall great take 1941—Sustained and

to be ted me MARK E. PETERSEN ing his word for the remainder of my City)memberStakeof thehighHighlandcouncil.(Salt Lake Latin a born

life. parents where Saint home,terday my first as I of May testimony for my 16, 1943—Sustained am thankful in the message believe to of thetaught me counselor in the presidency of the Prophdivinity of the mission the

foreign in received a created Stake. they newly Sugar House hadwhich read him. et Smith. I love Joseph

I shall to bear which theland, message I that April find all as a member him. I could about I knowhave 6, 1944—Sustained rest the throughall the world of my of the of the twelve. council him, to appeared to him and spoke God

life.

I his testimony, that and know apostle 20, for April an 1944—Ordained to grateful I my parents am indeed is true. died, he the Grant, which President Heber by J.

did for they which great thing thisfor council of the sixtyfourth gladly, I willingly member although most and me, as well as for all other things that humbly, accept this great call which has of the twelve in this dispensation;

they have done. come to me. It certainly has humbled the twelfth member of that quorum

I am thankful for the beautiful home me; it has humbled my family. I pledge to be ordained by President Grant.

life that I have always had, and that I to you my best effort. I love the work.

enjoy at the present time, with a lovely I shall give it my full strength and all family and a wife who stands by my the talent which God may give to me. their conscience as their guide they

side and supports me in every endeavor I know that without the help of the made many minor changes in the in the church. Lord I am powerless to do any good in Palmyra edition of the Book of Mor-

I am grateful for you, my friends, so his ministry; but I know that if I live mon and continue to publish and circumany of whom have expressed to me righteously, he will be with me. I bear late it among the Englishspeaking peoyour good wishes, in telephone mesyou my testimony to the truth of this ple.

sages and letters which I have received. work, and I do it all in the name of the The Cadman faction has continued

Its the day. present look members My testimony has been strengthened Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. to

as fallen prophet Smith a upon Joseph and accept the Book of Mormon as practically the only valid revelation he

APOSTATE FACTIONS gave.many otherThey practicesregard templeof the workchurchandas

(Concluded from page 279) Italians. They have made several atman-made doctrines introduced after

Today the headquarters of this tempts to convert the Indians, but have Joseph Smith "fell from grace."

church are at Monongahela, Pennsylmet with no success; yet their conver- (Next month: The Kingdom of

is less the Italians have been than sions vania. among rathSt. James—The Strangites) Their 2 membership small er striking. a few have printed the Book thousand. They They have two

branches in some of the eastern states, of Mormon in Italian and continue to Jesus2In Christ1936 there(Bickertonites)were 31 brancheswith a oftotalthe membershipChurch of perhaps half of their members being proselyte among these people. With of 1,639. {Religious Bodies, 11:828.)

288 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA dear brethren, and my brethren'this joined have and sisters whoMY AN it is a great conference by radio, honor and a grave responsibility to bear Jswdissotuible \Jtnenedd one's testimony to this congregation.

significant that this "whole"before word comingYesterday morning, just is By JOSEPH F. SMITH for as frequently a synonym to conused over

ference, a man "health."You remember when the PATRIARCH TO THE CHURCH

walked into Pharisees saw the Savior sitting at meat Address delivered at the Friday on, sinners, so Publicans, and with office my session they afternoon of the 114th told he them fault with him, and found I had whom annual general conference, not seen for a that the whole have no need of a physiApril 7, 1944, in the number of cian. It is the basic business of the Tabernacle

years. I think gospel of Jesus Christ to bring about a

I shall name oneness, a wholeness in the individual,

President him: the chilcollectively a wholeness among or both of those loyalties. We need L. this to leave I should like Edward dren of God. oneness.

Clissold from one idea this afternoon in the matter The Doctrine and Covenants has exthe Hawaiian of helping the individual to be whole. plained what the human soul is; what Islands. We We have heard a good deal about the soul of man is. The body and the

boyhood were juvenile delinquency, a grave problem; spirit are the soul of the purman, and

JOSEPH F. SMITH togethchums particularly of the alarming, and one is pose of our mortal sojourn to bring

er; went alarming, aspects of our present juveabout a complete fusion, to bring about

together; on school were gradethrough so great is that not nile delinquency indissoluble a an oneness, of spirit and

his together; as I shookmissions and longer from percentage comes of it any body. will live If parents according to

hand and felt the strength of those long the broken home. While the broken the gospel, will send their children to

years of friendship and common ideals, home is still a tremendous contributing be taught in church organizations and

I was singularly impressed with the factor, we are alarmed to find out that indeed will augment that teaching with power of unity; and cfuring the morning among the socalled "best families"teaching and example in the home, then

session yesterday, as we listened to the many young persons are running two great forces, the family and the message of the living prophet of Alamuck. I am of the opinion that much church, will converge upon the individmighty God, I was impressed again with of this delinquency is the result of conual youngster to bring about a wholehisWeiterationare gatheredof the needherefortogetherunity. at a youngflicts withinpeople.the Whatindividualof parentssouls ofwhothe ness,out whicha spiritualneitherhealth,happinessa onenessnor salvawith-

particularly significant season, even actually foster and abet internal conflict tion can be obtained.

though it be more or less paganisticalin their children? I am speaking of

the Christian ly celebrated by Saints, world; a Latterday or at least members

significance is genuinely season whose certain T17E"v establishhave a gravein ourresponsibilityyoung peopleto of the church, through who, appreciated only by Latterday Saints. church loyalty, send their children to righteous hunger. Everyone of us

The Savior not long before he went to their church meetings, their Primary knows that he has hungers for particular his crucifixion admonished the twelve and their M.I.A. and their Sunday foods. Even now, when I'm very hunand then he prayed to his Father in School; who have their sons go to gry the first thing I think of is a big

heaven, and among other things he said priesthood meetings and in due course bowl of beans and a piece of new bread these words: encourage them to receive the priestand butter. Why? Because as a youngHoly Father, keep through thine own hood and yet who, in their own homes, ster, every Monday afternoon that is

name those whom thou hast given me, that do not set worthy examples. In such what I got, and now when I am hungry

their for are; as they be one and we may else nothing tastes so good. case, the hunger to youngster goes Sunday We

I also sanctify that. they.. myself sakes might for to. is things those are used taught that and School we he should be When

truth. sanctified the through Neither praybe are don't hungry, think of loyal to the a church; we the taught he is bowl we also for I for these alone but which them birdnest of soup, principles though of the gospel. thousands of comes He their that believe they through words, on me

may all be one as thou Father art in me home only to find those principles disChinese do. These boys who have gone

and I in thee, and they also may be one in obeyed in his home. Moreover, the out into the service of their country

us, that the world may believe that thou church teaches him the words of the and get away from home and look about hast sent me; and the glory which thou Savior, "Honor thy father and thy them for a church to go to, hunt up

gavest me I have given them that they may mother!"Here he is faced with a other boys who are members of the

I thee in one, are and as be even one we is get If together loyalty. divided and to meet. his church loyal to he Why perfect in that they thou be me, made may it? they parents, do to loyal do Because the they can he a be have how the that that in thou one, world know may

it. in hunger established doctrines for teaches church which them adand as thou hast hast sent loved them and me

hast loved me. vocates conduct which his parents by "Blessed are they who hunger and

Disunity is forever a destructive force their very lives reject? thirst after righteousness."That is no

whether it be war among nations; Many parents, in so simple a thing mere figure of speech. Those words

whether it be civil strife within the as keeping the Word of Wisdom excuse were wisely chosen. If we deliberately

state; whether it be schism within the themselves sometimes on the basis of implant righteous hungers in our chilchurch, discord within the family, or social exigency, sometimes on the basis dren, then when they are from under

even turmoil and conflict within the of business exigency. There is only one our roof trees they will bend their dearsoul of the individual person; for a man basis for it and that is either a lack of est efforts to satisfy the healthful apdivided against himself can no more belief or moral cowardice. No parent petite wise parentage has helped to

cultivate. subject his child would deliberately to for righthunger can One society stand than house. a divided A

suffering. physical just eousness as evil one can develop Any parent who as its cannot except be unified members

are one together and except as individwould do that we would say is cruel, appetites.

ually they are one with themselves. and yet it is jusri as much an act of It is my prayer that we shall have the

The matter of wholeness is essential. cruelty, and ultimately more damaging, wisdom and the courage so to live that

to impale the child on the horns of a our very lives will be dynamically perpsychologists"Kodern have conflicting of loyalties. said much dilemma to examples people our young He suasive

fully the integrated A in recent years about cannot be loyal to a teaches, the church of what church which so that we personality, and our hospitals for menteaches one doctrine and fully loyal to may not be guilty of inflicting upon them tal defectives are full of persons sufferparents who decline to observe that the agonies of conflicting loyalties, and ing from conflicts within themselves. doctrine. That conflict will be resolved I ask it in the name of Jesus Christ.

They are not whole. It is profoundly either by the destruction of one or other Amen.

MAY, 1944 289

Jhe Hat Was GREECE <fTIjjY<*T! SONS, O ZlON, AGAINST THY SONS, O GREECE."

( Zec/ian'a/i

REMAINS OF TEMPLES OF NEPTUNE AT

ATHENS, GREECE, SHOWING BEAUTIFUL DORIC COLUMNS

Twoworldgreathaveinfluencesmouldedof thethe modernancient days,we havewhenthetheydescriptioncelebratedofthetheirworshipholy world: the Greek and the Hebraic. Ancient Greece was a small country. of their gods. The Greeks memorized

The words which suggest the title of Its extreme length from north to south the poems wholly or in part, and the as quote quoted philosophers miles, fifty Homer we and hundred only two was prophthe article from taken arethis

In sevthe today. of the Moses words hundred its about one width while was close the at writtenecies Zechariah, of

the B.C., sixth century Greeks enth and small into miles. up Cut eighty and cenfourth the Testament, theof Old neighboring natrade with cities carried on its barriers, districts mountain by is Japheth, of the son B.C. Javan,tury estabcolonies tions, were Greek and of limited. the note of dawn At were the of Greek founder as theregarded

Italy, Spain, Africa, Asia in lished and a its by land occupied the history, was "far country, It heathenrace. an was Minor. built strong people, civilized highly who Isfrom earth the of at ends theaway

buildings. large fortresses They and to Israel had told arerael."how We elabbuilt systems and extensive water Assyria, and Babylon, Egypt,deal with one of early history Greece was HHE beautifully palaces, orate were which in turn repPersia.later "They with * Darius under Persians, of war. The friezes, mosaics, with and decorated for poor of the scourgeresented God the crossed his son, Xerxes, who and paintings. peoearly fresco wall These these with cope not Israel couldIsrael."with boats of bridge a Hellespont on Assyria, and with Egypt, ple traded in the all could do she thatnations, and to Athens, soldiers, million marched two utensils of copper, Phoenicia, and had to turn God, to who ofthroes war was fleet him by accompanying a huge with silver. gold, and deliverer. her her and hopewas the finally from driven sea. were They earliest ages, possibly those two the time To history from herThroughout it that Athenian the then land, was and

era, the Christian before years thousand Palestine, her of land in settled theshe its greatness. to rose The Empire

Iliad the Homeric owe the we knowledge to preservestruggle was poems—the of the Athenian consciousness national

the books the These were Odyssey. and living the God.of itself beasserted Athens and people early in the Greeks, Bible to them and built beautiful temples center of a different. came In it 350 Greece, was With

B.C., Alexander the Great conquered of marble, and at the time of Pericles,

the world as far east as India, and the 450 B.C., it had its dramatists, historiof Jewishsucceeding two centuries hisTHE ISLES OF GREECE ans,ators.philosophers, statesmen, and orperiod. as the Greektory are known

This period was the most critical time By Lord Byron In this period there was a system of the of education main elements an not only for it was her history,of of literaknowledge * I 'he isles of Greece, the isles of Greece! which were the as well. of ideas but of armies,invasion

The policy of Alexander and his sucWhere burning Sappho loved and sung, ture, the cultivation of literary exprescessors was to introduce the Greek lanWhere grew the arts of war and peace—sion, and a general acquaintance with

guage, Greek customs, and Greek culWhere Delos rose, and Phoebus sprung! the rules of logic. Education had a

ture in all conquered territories. HelEternal summer gilds them yet, hold on society and gave the people a

lenism, the Greek culture, appealed to But all, except their sun, is set. reverence for antiquity. Homer a

thousands of Jews, and in the city of thousand years after he lived held sway

Jerusalem the priests and the aristocracy over the minds of the people. The pracbegan to speak the Greek language, The mountains look on Marathon tice of lecturing, which is giving inadopt the Greek customs, attend the And Marathon looks on the sea; struction by reading an ancient author,

schools passages the where from comes cultheaters, the over take andGreek there hour alone an musing And Aristotle Plato and and from Homer integrity very people. that ofture "The

that might Greece I dreamed teacher explained. read and still be free: were The faith,"says Dr. the Rayof Hebrew

grave, Persians'standing on the For in the high a place community this had threatened Calkins, "was bymond subtle and apparently irresistible inva- I could not deem myself a slave. where he lived, and the use of the word

sion of Greek civilization and ideals."From The Prisoner of Chillon "chair"to designate the teacher's office,

290 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY v-Ju jresident <=JLeul Cdttar OWVia?

and the word "faculty"to denote the commercial center and ships from all tue is its own reward."He describes

branch of knowledge which he teaches, parts of the world came into its harbor. beautifully the meaning of "salvation"

survives today in our own language. From Piraeus, a straight road five which is likened to Wordsworth's "InThe designation of "professor"came to miles long led toward the Acropolis timations of Immortality."The soul of

us from the Greek Sophists, who drew with its statue of Athena looking out man is the purified body and spirit. In

their pupils by promising intellectual over the sea. In the market place, or Book III of his Republic, he writes:

training. The student always announced the "agora"as it was called, public

sobriety, as generally not unAnd does his learning to putting devotion held. by meetings on the of were On top derstood, the elefollowing principal imply his these examples, few gown. one From Acropolis majesthe one through passed first, that ments: their obedient to be men

rightly concludes that education Greek or tic "Propylaeg"to the gateway that governors; secondly and they be themhas been almost as permanent as Chrisfamed Parthenon. Its ruins still stand selves able to govern the pleasures which

tianity itself, and for similar reasons. as a monument to Greek genius. To the are gratified in eating and drinking and

The Greeks were the builders of the south of the Acropolis was the Theater love.

most architecturally beautiful temples of Dionysus and the Odeum or music Soul is form and doth the body make.

the world has ever known. The greatest hall. The theater held seventeen thouof these was the Parthenon on the hill sand persons. It was used for the plays One of the fine truths to keep in mind

known as the Acropolis at Athens. The of the dramatists Sophocles, Aeschylus, in reference to Plato is the comment of

honor of this glorious building is generand Euripides. one writer of his life who said: "His

ally ascribed to Pericles, who once dework was from the beginning as intenseclared that "We love the beautiful VX/hen we think of ancient Greece, we ly moralized as were the discourses of without extravagance, and knowledge ""think of Socrates, Plato, and ArisSocrates. On whatever theme you

without exaggeration."Not only did totle, three of the greatest philosophers talked with Plato, you would in the end

forced be to render an account of the Pericles build the Parthenon, of history. but he scholars are told by We state soul."of your also built of a series public buildings the a teachstudy of have made who

master Aristotle of The work wasand memorials which witnessed the ings of these three that Socrates men his Ethics. read one can it without No firstglory the of city of Greece. sought questions pupils his The by to make

feeling the nobleness, simplicity, purity,inroads the of Persians had grasp as "truth"such what terms ruined many and and of its nature. modernness Familyof the sacred shrines of the Greeks, "justice"really but that mean. taught He

life first in all society, comes and he who Pericles issued to a call for all Greeks, a true of ethics to system be develwheresoever they Jived in Europe or oped, one must have faith in the gods. lives near to the "eternal goodness"in

Asia, to send delegates to Athens to Because he taught the immortality of the home, is the exemplary man. Aristotle's book, Hymns to Virtue, ranks with

the beautiful poems of the world's literature. He taught that civic liberty did

not absolve one from duties, but duties on the part of the citizen towards his city were a matter of his strength of character directed by intelligence.

Greek comedy grew out of the "village songs"of the gay revelers who went from village to village something as the troubadours of the Middle Ages did. We have the comedies of Aristophanes, whose works are full of witty

references to the political and social life of the time.

During this "Golden Age"of Athens, there arose two of the greatest writers of history. Herodotus and Thucydides.

Herodotus attributed important events to the will of the gods. There were also

the great orators, among whom was

Demosthenes, who fought for the ideals of the golden age of the Greeks.

From this very brief treatment of the culture of ancient Greece, we may draw a lesson for our own day. Unless a naTHE ALEXANDER SARCOPHAGUS IN THE tion is imbued with a faith in a living

confer regarding the rebuilding of NATIONAL MUSEUM OF ATHENS God, and the people know that their shrines which the Persians had burnt. souls are immortal and can be blessed

As a result, a great building plan was only in the everlasting love of God, a devised and Athens rose from its ruins the soul, he was put to death by drinknation cannot survive, but sooner or to be the "proudest city of the world."ing a cup of hemlock juice. A disciple later decay shows itself in literature

Shelley the poet has written: of Socrates was Plato, who had one of and art and all other forces of culture.

greatest the the minds world has old prophets of Israel ever The taught had Let there said be Liberty, Light tell known. us Scholars writthat the in their writings live that in a Godwe like sunrise sea, the And, from

Athens arose. ings of Plato rank with the prophets of created world, with men Godcreated,

the Bible and supreme poets of the Godbeloved, and Godredeemed.

The harbor of Athens was called world. He was born in Athens about These divine teachings and truths were

Piraeus, which was laid out with 427 B.C. and died in 347 B.C. His #e- carried over into the days when Christ

straight streets, which crossed each public is most often studied in the uniour Lord lived and pointed the way to other at right angles. The city was a versities and in it Plato shows that "virGod and the eternal life of man.

MAY, 1944 291

CHURCH AUDITORS 7 REPORT AND

session of the 114th at the openingThe following annual financial and statistical report for?>&> a presented = y n 1943 was

morning, conference, general April..2c Thursday annual

6, by President J. Reuben Clark, Jr..2 asfu o

il O U Q\ Co, City, Utah Salt Lake O. u -o 3 =

31, 1944 o.* *"—i t—iC o March

buildings; of the expenses andPresident Grant Heber and Counselors rentingof the of Information in Salt Bureaus

Street TempleJ.47 East South City, Lake D.C., Carthage Washington,

Salt Lake City, Utah JailJoseph(Illinois),Smith CumorahFarm (South(Palmyra),Royalton,and

Dear Brethren LakeVermont),City and the.mission home in Salt 888.200.00 598,299.00 289,901.00

The review of the 1943 annual financial report of the Ward and Stake Maintenance Expenses:

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints by your comFor the maintenance of 1,269 ward and buildings, stake expenses and milethat disclosesmittee to the church is in the strongest financial age146 allowances stake bishops and history. in all itsposition presidents; furnishings and for ward

The church is not in debt. There are no mortgages on stakestake offices;and wardstakeprintingand ward taxes; and 960,600.00 965,424.00 4,824.00

any of its properties. The sustained authorities are admin- (deficit)

istering prudently the sacred funds entrusted to them by the Church Welfare:

tens of thousands of devoted members, most of whom are Assistancefood, clothing,to therents,needylight,consistingheat, 557of of small means. medical welfare cases; burials; other

Respectfully submitted, wardcompensationwelfareinsuranceassistance;on welfareworkmen'sprojects and for carrying out the estabgeneral of the welfare lished program Orval W. Adams, committee. This accounts sum

Albert E. Bowen, budget expenditures only, total welfarefor

Geo. S. Spencer, expenditures to follow in detail 365,453.00 125,833.00 239,620.00

Harold H. Bennett, Church Schools:

Church Finance and For the operating expenses of Brigham

Auditing Committee YoungJuarez StakeUniversity,Academy,RicksandCollege,of 13 instiand tutes and 99 seminaries; for the operating expenses of the Department of

CHURCH DISBURSEMENTS, 1943 Education,office employees,includingand thefor salariesrepairs ofand9

Part I—CHURCH BUDGET CASH EXPENDITURES improvements to 47 buildings 831,155.00 818,562.00 12,593.00

FROM GENERAL CHURCH FUNDS, BOTH EducationalSchools, Institutes,Institutionsand(otherSeminaries):than Church

TITHING AND NONTITHING: McCune School of Music and Art; Lund

Boys; Home for Deseret Gymnasium;

Total cash budget appropriation for 1943 $5,064,340.00 Society for of the Sightless; the Aid

Budget appropriations and expenditures were made as follows: and the General Music Committee 31,720.00 19,536.00 12,184.00

Building Operations:

a For the maintenance of the buildings grounds, Block, Temple except the 5cP u o andTemple; for the maintenance of the co Bishop's Building other and Church

properties situated immediately adjacent urn to the Block; for repairs Temple and

Oo\ improvements 321 on buildings; ward

for the salaries traveling and expenses ft of of employees the Building Church ft -o3 a* o -3 o Deca<3 partment; and $112,514.00 for the conOffice of the Corporation of the President: struction of hospital buildings 943,800.00 881,610.00 62.190.00

salaries Including of 79 employees, offices, of expenses equipment, Historic Monuments and Properties: overhead

maintenance of the Administration'For the repair and maintenance of

Building, and the living allowances properties at Palmyra, New York; South

and traveling expenses of the General Royalton, Vermont; the Carthage Jail;

Authorities, all covered by nontithing and Memorial Cemeteries 16,864.00 12,485.00 4,379.00

income $ 298,200.00 $ 272,783.00 $ 25,417.00

Indian Projects:

Office of the Corporation of the Presiding In the Papago and Washakie Wards.

Bishop: There is to be credited against this

Including the salaries of 165 employees, amount the returns from the 1943 crops... 8,000.00 10,670.00 2,670.00

office expenses and equipment, also in- (deficit) cluding expenses of the Aaronic PriestChurch Committee on Radio and Pubhood program, traveling expenses of the licity:

Bishopric, taxes, Presiding property For publicity and mission literature 25,283.00 7,960.00 17,323.00

special printing, maintenance of and the Motor Avenue supply storehouse.... 128,050,00 145,402.00 17,352.00

(deficit) GenealogicalBureau: Society of Utah and Index

Temples: To assist with the operating expenses

organization, this of including the salthe operating expenses, including For aries of 121 employees 118,555.00 138,410.00 19,855.00 all overhead expense employees, for 180

(deficit) building maintenance, repairs, and renovation, and landscaping of the Alberta, Other Expenses:

Arizona, Hawaiian, Falls, Logan, Idaho to contributions Consisting civic of Manti, Saint George, Salt and Lake organizations such as the Cross, Red Temples 225,000.00 272,197.00 47,197.00 etc.; salaries Chest, of Community Tab-

(deficit) organists; conductors ernacle Choir and

legal expenses; to contributions hospi-, Missionary Missions Work: and tals. assistance the welfare by Genoperating exthe maintenance and For eral liability Office; public Church and

in the the missions of twenty penses other insurance, etc 223,460.00 121,479.00 101,981.00

States, Mexico, Canada, HawaiUnited ian Islands, and South America; living $5,064,340.00 $4,390,650.00 $673,690.00

and traveling expenses of the mission presidents, return fares of missionaries; All unexpended balances are covered back into the unappropriated funds of

literature; free welfare; servicemen's the the church. Appropriated for the foregoing purposes for the year 1944, $5,326,-

erection, remodeling, maintenance and 239.00.

292 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FINANCIAL STATEMENT OF THE CHURCH

Part II—CHURCH NONBUDGET CASH EXPENDITURES, 1943, FROM CONTRIBUTIONS, OTHER THAN for tke tjear 1943

TITHING COLLECTED FROM THE CHURCH MEMBERSHIP The expenditures budgeted from general Church funds are detailed above. D. Production, Distribution, and Inventory of Bishop's Storehouse Commodities:

The following expenditures were made from further contributions made by of the stakes, members wards, of the and missions Church:

3 the erection of Toward buildings new ward and stake and the of existing remodeling ones $ 637,928.00 Items 3 Ifr

Budget contributions payments and other and branches by wards for c3 2 2P JSQS maintenance purposes, as also for expenses and branch of the ward auxiliary organizations and for recreation 1,342,022.00 Canned Produce, Milk, Vegetables,

quarts 189,100 1,659,000 Fruits, 1,240,000 spreads Jams and and Mission Ward fast offerings, Welfare contributions, and ward (Butter, Products Eggs, and assistance to missionaries 723,322.00 Animal

) 165,000 116,500 200,000 pounds Meats

Fruits, Sugar, Grains Vegetables, from Expended General Board dues and children's contributions to 1,120,000 2,290,000 Products Grain pounds 5,070,000 and Primary Hospital 81,605.00

52,500 9,400 items) Other.... pounds Foods (49 different Expended by the General Welfare Committee 74,670.00 Various Drugs and Household Sup27,500

12,400 plies items 3,678 54,000 Additional income, fees derived by the Church schools from tuition 3,600,000 301,000 (Grains) pounds Cotton, Seeds sources and other, 1,900 tons 2,600 coal) 340 291,915.00 FuelHay, (mostly

Clothing and Dry Goods (247 differDisbursements Relief for by the Society direct assistance and for articles 8,015 54,840 67,485 ent items) General Welfare purposes health and 95,425.00 work

Total nonbudget expenditures, cash contributions, 1943, from E. Activities of the Program During 1943, in Canning and Processing for Store'

other than tithing, collected church 3,246,887.00 from the membership house Program:

Fruits, Vegetables, Jams and Spreads hospitals Expended by the for the care of the sick in addition

Meat, Fish, and Fowl - 838,00030,800 quartspounds (1,300,000( 33,800 cans)cans) in included tithes to the amount Part I from 34,532.00

Total budget cash expenditure by General Church Offices Milk,quartcannedof fresh(eachmilk)can equivalent to one 225,000 cans ( 225,000 cans) brought forward from preceding page... 4,390,650.00 Miscellaneous Foods (Spices, Flavorings,

Total cash expenditures, budget and nonbudget of entire etc.) 4,000 pounds

Church $7,672,069.00 Flour and Cereals - 320,000 pounds

F. Canning Done by Individual Groups Using Welfare Canneries:

Part III—THE CHURCH WELFARE PROGRAM FruitsMeat andand FishVegetables - 3,832,00027,300 quartspounds (7,227,200( 22.800 cans)cans)

A, Fast Offering Data: Total Cans 8,808,800

Number of church members who paid voluntary fast offerings and welfare contributions: G. Wftear Storage: >

In the Wards 149,820 Bushels of wheat stored in Churchowned bins as of April, 1944:

In the Missions.. 23,190 Relief Society owned 387,151

Total 173.010 Welfare Program owned 395,4538,302

of fast offerings paid Per cent Church membership who 24% bushel $1.40 per $553,634.00 value Estimated @ fast offerings capita in per Average 75.7c wards

year. for people furnish one 66,000 bread The Program would This wheat fast offerings in missions Average per 37c

its mills, this is Flour through the Deseret to process wheat prepared ownfor fast offerings Average missions. stakes per 69.9c and capita—capita Mills. Flour the Kaysville Mills, formerly

Welfare Program Cash Expenditures:

Amount of voluntary fast offerings and welfare contributions: H. Field Activities:

projects. livestock there the Budget, crop 1,015 were Welfare 669 produce To In the Wards:

projects carried the 1943. manufacturing during year 55 on projects, The and Offerings Fast $463,935.00

projects livestock utilized of land. acres projects produced crop 3,089 The Contributions 186,098.00 Welfare

livestock, stands rabbits, of 12,200 of bees. chickens 204 and 2,649 and head

In the Missions: there livestock to projects, the foregoing, 221 582 addition crop were In

Offerings Fast 39.931.00 for projects other projects, operated during purposes manufacturing 34 1943 and

Total (included in nonbudget than operation of the Bishops'Storehouses. These projects utilized 2,100

cash expenditures) $689,964.00 acres of land and produced 1,010 head of livestock and 2,740 chickens and

Disbursed by the Relief Society for direct assistance and for genrabbits.

eral Welfare purposes and health work $ 95,425.00

Disbursed by the General Welfare Committee for direct assistance I. Assistance Rendered:

74,670.00 for Welfare purposes General and assistance to persons the extended 17,913 1943 Welfare by was During

assistance Authorities for of direct the Office General Disbursed by total set of in Since 291,142 the 1936, a Program. Program Welfare up was

in expenditures) cash 19,977.00 nonbudget (included assistance. received Since persons the beginning Program, more Welfare

tithes for general local purposes.. the 6,816.00 from and Welfare Expended families rehabilitated selfsupporting. are than have been and 750 of thenow

for hospitals of to sick the the the care in addition by Expended the amount included in the disbursements from the tithes 34,532.00 Assistance Rendered in Construction Projects

(all for Expenditures Relief included Total the year Cash projects construction completed in addition to the 1,475 There have been total cash expendiabove nonbudget in grand of budget and for construction bishops'storehouse the program.

ture ) $921,384.00

In addition to the foregoing cash expenditures of $921,384.00 for welfare

purposes, the General Church Welfare Committee makes the following further financial report with the statement indicating the production and distribution STATISTICS of commodities for Bishops'Storehouses in 1943, inventory of commodities,

December 31, 1943:

Number of Stakes of Zion—as of April 1, 1944 147

1,137 of Wards of Number the Financial Church C. Summary Program Welfare Report:

124 Branches of Independent Number is: Present of the Value Program Cash Net The 1,261 Independent Branches Total Wards and (net) Assets Current $ 326,372,57

Inventories (principally commodities) 606,470.33 Number of Missions - 40

(land, buildings, Fixed Assets etc.) 1,343,347.12

Membership: Total $2,276,190.02 Church

774,161 Stake Fixed Assets Consist of: The 162,889 Mission

Industries; Deseret Deseret Elevators; buildings, Mills and Square Welfare

elevators, canneries, processing plants, milk etc.; root cellar, Clothing Total—937,050 Deseret

Factory; Mine; Emery Coal the housing other projects. and and Ninety Church Growth:

Bishops'Storehouses a total which have of 230,000 floor area square feet, and blessed in the Stakes and Missions 26,361 Children include in connection therewith, sixtyfive canneries. Farms, ranches, dairies, Children baptized in the Stakes and Missions 14,485

and other regional and stake properties made up of 3,033 acres of land, toConverts baptized in the Stakes and Missions 6,772 gether with buildings, improvements, equipment, and livestock.

The Fixed Assets Were Required by: The Fixed Assets Consist of: SocialBirthStatistics:rate per thousand 38.1

Cash from General Land 312,357.14 Marriage rate per thousand 14.6

Committee supBuildings 808,583.24 Death rate per thousand 5.7

out plied of Equipment 160,340.61

Missionaries; funds. Church $ 417,057.01 Furniture and Fixof missionaries in the missions the Church 852 Number of from Cash Church tures 38,392.13

the in missionary stakes engaged work in 2,473 Number Units 668,693.88 Livestock 23,674.00

Donations, Labor missionaries Total 3,325 and Property of missionaries who have received training in the. 268,496.23 Number

Total $1,343,347.12 Total $1,343,347.12 mission home during 1943 204

MAY, 1944 293

TRUTH, BEAUTY, GOODNESS

I L//ou,n9 the wish to give few wordsMayto I say by way of introduction (Ou J-yeildent <=>LevL (L*daar that OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY this message, as a afternoon the call of Eider'Mark Petersen to be an apostle of our Lord and Savior receives our hearty support and love. was pronounced by Rodin, the most Address delivered at the Thursday

Elder Petersen noted sculptor of France, as one of the afternoon session of the 114th is a high type outstanding pieces of American sculpannual general conference, of man, a ture. April 6, 1944, in the

Christian gen- I speak of these things because they Tabernacle tleman in evrepresent so much in our history. They

creations of great the are particular. ery

souls. religiousmen—greatpeople a deeply Only a fine What

work he is decould create a building like this tabersoul to reach out to him and strive for stined to do as nacle; only a good people could coneternity. Could any words be more

a disciple of struct a building like yonder temple. A beautiful? The Holy Bible is the book

our Lord! religious leader of India once wrote of God's words and teachings.

On entering above the portal of a temple in KashAs an example of beauty in the Book mir, in these India, words: God, these sacred "O the of Mormon, to you I commend

temple, see I see every people this grounds who twentyninth chapter of Alma, which

Thee."involved These buildings I morning, saw the reads in part:

constants, to humanity human common dentils that LEVI EDGAR YOUNG the

I could have angel, and that an were the O labor, and the throughout surround ages—hunger I that heart, might go the of mine wish harvest, seedtime cornice It death, love and of this building. dentils, is the

of with the God, trump with speak and to operatedand there are of hundreds that them, faith and prayer—alland repentearth, cry and the to shake voice proaforth

give beauty to the simple, and unduce the noble things you see on these ance unto every people!

adorned cornice of the tabernacle. You sacred grounds. Yea, I would declare unto every soul, as

will note them just under the roof if with the voice of thunder, repentance and you will look closely. They were reAY brethren, I often feel that we fail the plan of redemption, that they should

all lies there that that about to our see the God, unto beauty and repent comecently the inspiration for comment by *"all face the sorrow not upon be more might fail three the realize that to us; we the great architect, American Thomas

earth. the of creation are characteristics of great in his E. Tallmadge Story Architect of

is goodness. truth, beauty, and God is great lyric of ture entire in chapter a America. telling The had been He

about the influence of Greek ideals on behind all truth, beauty, and goodness, beauty. The Book of Mormon is full

early American architecture and says: and there is nothing so noble for the of such lyrics. Some day this holy book

"Up and down the Atlantic seaboard, soul, so uplifting as to be able to find will be sung into the hearts of humanity.

the truth. in all In beauty fact, it was thethrough Reserve, Western the along

section ninth hundred and one ""Phe is truth, said: Keats "Beauty poet whoGulf of Mexico, the Mississippi,'up and

is Covenants -*- of and the Doctrine statements truth apply beauty."Theseover the plains, the revival Greek

that of chapters favorite of Bible, one to our church works: Holy my Thespread. noticed I have that the famous

It is the prayer book. divine holy and the of the "Holy"Mormon, Booktabernacle built in Salt City Lake by

Kirtthe at the of dedication offered Doctrine Covenants, and "Holy"andthat extraordinary man, Brigham

I in 27, on land Price. Temple the 186, of Pearl Great March "Holy"telltaleYoung, the has profiles Greek

asks the Smith Prophet Joseph freely the adjective bewhich "Holy,"usein its mouldings cornices."and Dr.

Christ, the the all Jesus these church God, "in four standard name of causeTallmadge refers to the dentils, which give to this building a beauty relieving works are sacred. The Prophet Joseph Son of thy bosom, in whose name alone

the cornice of its extreme unadornment. Smith's entire life was devoted to dissalvation can be administered to the

One famous artist said that the dentils covering and having revealed to him children of men, we ask thee, O Lord, remind him of a beautiful piece of old the truths of God. These are the forces to accept of this house, the workmanlace. that made his life what it was—a life ship of the hands of us, thy servants,

The angel on the center tower of the of refinement and appreciation for the which thou didst command us to build."

temple also looked very beautiful this beautiful. And then are uttered words of admoniif we as tion to train our minds and understandmorning, bathed as it was by the gold I believe, my brethren, that

light of the morning sun. I almost immissionaries will present the word of ing. Says the Prophet:

agined hearing John the Revelator himthe Lord as contained in the standard Call your solemn assembly... seek ye diliwis- ofself another teach words gently one and his speaking to me exquisite words workswill bringof theout churchthe beautyin aofmannerthem, peothat best of of the books out seek dom; yea, yeas he peered into the future:

ple will begin to read them as never words of wisdom; seek learning, even by

And I saw another angel fly in the midst before. Take the Holy Bible. When I study and also by faith. Organize yourof heaven, having the everlasting gospel to read the first words as contained in the selves; prepare every needful thing; and es-

a of prayer,preach unto a house tablish them house, even that dwell a ott the earth, Book of Genesis:

to a houseand of faith, fasting, nation, every of a house house and kindred, and tongue, and people, In the beginning God created the heaven of learning, a house of glory, a house of

Saying with a loud voice, Fear God, and and the earth. And the earth was without order, a house of God. (D. & C. 88:117give glory to him; for the hour of his judgform, and void;... And God said, Let there 119.)

isment come: and worship light: that there him and made be was light... So of life, seeds are precious God Thoughtsheaven, earth, and the sea, his and the founin image, in the and created image man own are taught to become and here wetains of waters. (Rev. 14:6, created 7.) he him of God

thinkers. The Prophet Joseph founded

Then I passed the gull monument, the I feel thankful for prophets and rev- a School of the Prophets and encourcreation of our own Mahonri Young. elators. aged the study of the classical lanIt is in honor of the gulls in their savThese words plant in our hearts the guages including Hebrew. He himself

ing the wheat fields in 1848, when they truth of truths. God is there in the worked hard at the Hebrew language

were being destroyed by the locusts. heavens as our Father, the creator and and set us an example of what it means

The south bronze of the monument ruler of the universe. It causes every (Continued on page 321

294 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TITHES aj OFFERINGS

Brethren, I feel that this is a wonoLeL/mnd r\ichardA through the continued faithfulness of & privilege associated derful to be Saints in the payment of their tithes PRESIDING BISHOP the in Isleaders fine men, with you their offerings. and

rael, and the better I become acquainted My father, Elder George F. Richards,

with you, through my visits to the varihas referred to the great missionary the at Thursday delivered Address I feel theous stakes of Zion, the more the session afternoon of of strength 114th workconflictof istheoverchurch.and ourWhenyoungthispeoplegreat

this great annual general conference, return to us, I hope the church will be church. As April 6, 1944, in the able to carry on a missionary movement

long as I can Tabernacle such as it has never known and such as recall, the the world has never known, because I church has believe there are many who are honest meant more to in heart waiting to know the truth.

me than anyWhen in California recently, I heard thing else in sition I am privileged to know of the of an experience of one of our brethren.

the world. I faith of the Saints in the payment of He went into a bookstore to purchase

have always their tithes and their offerings, and the The Life and Travels of Parley P.

rejoiced in the great increase evidencing their faith is Pratt, one of the early apostles of the words of Isa- a marvelous thing to me. church. He had previously ordered this

iah when he We take the report to our meeting book and while he was looking at it, a told of a day with the first presidency weekly, and distinguished gentleman, a former vice

LEGRAND RICHARDS when a marwhen President Grant is there, and president of one of the largest banks of velous work the report is handed to him, he invariLos Angeles, stepped up to him and and a wonder should come forth among ably remarks, "Isn't it wonderful!"calling him by name said: "What are

the children of men, and there has never And it is wonderful because it evidences you buying?"He replied, "A church

been a question in my mind but what I the faith of the Saints in the work of book.""Is it interesting?""Surely it is

have been privileged to live in that day the Lord who plants in the hearts of his interesting.""Well, I believe I will buy

and this is the work to which the prophpeople a love for the work so that it a copy.""No,"said the good brother,

et referred. makes it easy for them to pay their "if you will promise to read it from

It seems to me that there has never tithes and their offerings. I am sure we cover to cover, I will give you a copy."

been a time when the church was all rejoiced this morning in the wonderHe made the promise—took the book

achieving such fine results as at the ful report read by President Clark, and home. That was on a Saturday afterpresent time. Recently I heard a state- I find myself trying to look into the funoon. He commenced reading the book

ment purported to have been made by ture and visualize what may yet be acthat evening, and he couldn't put it one of our worthy patriarchs in his complished by the church through such down. He stayed up all night and read

eighties. One of his friends asked him faithfulness. it through, and Monday morning he

if he would not like to pass on to the was at the brother's office door when other side, calling attention to the fact A bout two years after the church he arrived, to tell him that he had been that his wife had already died and that was organized, the Lord gave a figuring for some time that he ought to many of his friends were there, and he revelation to the Prophet Joseph in do something in a religious way; that

replied, "I should say not. I have lived which he indicated that Zion was to inhe had gone in and out of various

to see the Lord accomplish so much in crease in beauty and in holiness; that churches but seemed to come out as

my lifetime, I would like to remain as her borders were to be extended; that empty as he had gone in and thought it

long as I can and see what else he is her stakes were to be strengthened; was all his fault. But he said, "I was

going to do. I have always believed in that Zion was to arise and put on her fascinated by that book. I believe every

the words of the prophets, and I believe beautiful garments. In the hands of this word that is in it. But why have you

they will all be fulfilled, literally, as the body of men rests the responsibility of kept these things from us? Why haven't

Savior has indicated, and that we are that great achievement, and I feel that you told us of these marvelous things engaged in the greatest movement this Zion is increasing in beauty and in that the Lord has done?"

world has known since the days of the holiness.

Christ."Savior Jesus andLord of \\/e people In the young with my work ""recentcalled converta prominentto the attorney,church, toa I feel the marvelof the church, me, one of greatest accomthe proud To

plishments in the church is the marvelous things they are doing in the midst speak in one of our conference meetous faith of the Saints as evidenced in of the temptations surrounding them ings in Los Angeles when I was serving the payment of their tithes and their oftoday. I am proud of the work that is as president of the stake, and I said to

ferings. Sometimes we look upon this being done in the stakes of Zion, in the him, "Will you tell this congregation

as merely a temporal matter but it is a wards throughout the church, and I bewhat there was about Mormonism that marvelous gauge of faith. In the third lieve that this church is literally fulfilling appealed to you?"And he stood up

voice said, "If you deep a rich, and in realize, indiits of destiny. the prophet should Malachi,chapter great We

life for all your something hunted have send his mesresponsibilitycates that the is the brethren, that ours Lord would senger to prepare the way for his comto carry on. I think of these words so and you couldn't find it and you thereing and there is a very peculiar thing: often, for Zion must increase. It must fore decided it did not exist, then you

that entire chapter, relating to the extend its borders. It must strengthen just happen to stumble onto it, you do

preparation for his coming, deals with its stakes. There is no backward trek in not need anybody to tell you that you

the calling back of Israel to the rememthis church, and every man called to have found it, do you?"He said, "That's

brance of the Lord in their tithes and responsibility of leadership ought to be what I found when I found Mormonism.

their offerings, indicating that the whole sure that the work under his direction is The thing about it is that the more I house of Israel had departed from him being strengthened, that as the years learn, the greater it seems to be."

in this great commandment. So far as come and go, each year finds us farther Through the continued faithful pay-

I know, there was no religious body in along the way, and that we are not slipment of tithes by the Saints, it should be the world observing the law of tithing ping in the great responsibility that is possible to provide the branches of the when that great law was revealed again ours. Then I try to visualize the accommissions with suitable places in which

to the Prophet Joseph Smith. In my poplishments of the future made possible {Concluded on page 322)

MAY, 1944 295 odt or Ujoviy LETTER WRITING &V *Ujr. M. lA/auneam &Dri HEAD OF ENGLISH DEPARTMENTw

NEW YORK STATE TEACHERS COLLEGE, ONEONTA, NEW YORK

Todayfor lettersin spiteandof morethe continuedletters, mostcall meme atohackopensawmyandlockertold correspondents have not learned with it. Was my face

the art of lifting their regular writred! Well, there was

ing assignments for loved ones at nothinggin cuttingto dointobut bethe home and overseas above the level of door which I did with mere conversation in ink. They write five demerits as a reas they talk, stringing out one daily sult. I learned the sad

event after another with little or no news while lined up sentence development or word pictures. with the boys this

As a result their letters read like a series morning.

hello to the—Illustrated by John Henry Evans, Jr. Say items which run of news down a page

left gang, what's of fashion. teletype correspondence Such them, drop a and me

robs both the sender and the receiver of line soon. I can always use a few from low's forgetfulness, but that's good for

the best experience to be gained through home. you.

letter writing, namely the challenge that As ever, How's that for a breakdown on some seeking to share one's life comes from is not to report much this Perof through week. words. * * * Bob Navyon my news?side ofTherethe ledger the medium

I'll in time. red haps the next be letters: the following Compare two the Prairie Aboard U.S.S. State

fine glad I'm holiday. a had you You

at Dear Ones Home: I to were grand last home. when was me Prairie State U.S.S. Aboard

is still to learn having Bob things the all taps. I think at of of most you Folks: Dear hard letter last remember way. You in my

Love, I told about our lockers. assigned being letter. for nice. you a lot Thanks your It was

Right now I'm sitting at a writing table Well, somehow Bob misplaced the keys to Roy beside Roy. We just came from our first his and had to report the loss to the quarterclasses after morning roll call where I was master who listened coolly to his request for Which of the two letters more closegiven five demerits for the destruction of a new pair. Then without a word he ly resembles the way of correspondence

government property. You see I had lost reached under his desk and produced a you know, the first or the second? Both

the key to my locker and when I went to hacksaw. 'What is this for, sir?"Bob letters are revealing. In the first there

locker,"open your the quartermaster for a new one he gave sheepishly asked. "To is effort in corthe writer's evidence of

his reply. quick came

is responding, while there in the second further Without any questions Bob took the indication of his pleasure. The first is

saw and returned to mere conversation in ink, the second the locker room. There more sharing of life through the written

was nothing left for word. It is not suggested that good conhim to do but begin versational style in a letter is not to be

rasping his way desired. After all a letter should carry

the through lock. in Fithe personal natural a news and way,

after nally persome this of in the and done easy can be much spiration and much coloring, he reached style of visiting with your pen. But

his clothes. One difcontinually to chat out the round of

ficulty had been overdaily happenings through letters withcome, but he knew out realizing the limiting eHect such a more were in store for habit will have on your skill to write is him. Nothing hapto make correspondence a chore.

pened, however, for the of the rest day.

discover the challenging can one T Tow morning Wednesday letter "* side assignments? writing of all lined us found up A

for inspection with the First, by recognizing the difference berest of the boys. Bob tween the way a story is told and the

stood resigned to the way in which a story is written. For

call of his name. It example, if you were to relate the insharp. quick came and cident the just deabout school naval

five demerits "Caswell, telling, scribed,<<i in the the what, besides for the destruction ofmm government property!"facts and events of the actual story,

It takes a little Navy would help you hold a friend's interest?

starch now and then Perhaps the turn of your head, the gesto straighten up a fel- {Continued on page 309) 296 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA GREEN JACKET

/4am,e$ fr- m Sharp &

did, he deeds of the many kind years ago we s,'ixtyodd never menhave I would of and mentioned the namechildren seldom a certain Indian, but when we did we tioned the horrible things he was carefully looked around to see if he supposed to have done, and were near, and then we would tiptoe to which I doubt very much he the one we were talking to and softly ever did."

whisper the name, Green Jacket. There "Did you know him personalwere many stories told about him and ly?"I asked.

his horrible deeds. It was reported that "Yes, and if you had time I

he captured men, women and children, might tell you a story that was took them into the desert, cut off their typical of many others I know to ears, split their tongues, gouged out be true."

their loose eyes, then turned and them

I time, the sat had down so we alone.to die you wonder we Do were in the of the trees cedar shadeafraid?

this is the told: and story he

Years soon slipped by, and we chil- "When I was a small lad, my dren were riding the range with the younger brother and I started older men. At night we would sit around out early one morning in Oclistenthe to those campfire and oldtober to horses. get our We

tell tall tales at leasttimers and usually miles miles walked but Illustrated and storyone about had a Green Jacket. could not find the animals. FinalbyL. G. SharpSometimes our contribuadd would we to a came place where ly, we

tion to those stories, really believing some Indians had been camped them to be at least partially true. while gathering pinenuts. There

pile dirt of a freshly was made of dur- a long years span came Then with cedar sticking some barking with minds our which were busy

I out of top. the Carefully I scratched and bark replaced carefully Then life things inother possibly not and of dirt the some on, separated the away, dirt went around the patted it. Wethe that during did timeonce even think we there bark of and a lot pinenuts the was walked. the as nuts eating we Indian.of desert the old

I Indians cached. had took a handful of a mile a quarter about "When

A few years ago I decided to visit and gave my brother a like amount. away, I looked back and right behind

my home town and renew old acquaintus coming along on our trail was Green ances, I took my family, and we had a Jacket. There was no need for us to

wonderful time. Bishop Israel Bennion A PLEA FOR OUR TREES try to escape him, so we waited. He

recently built a abouthad home new five miles southeast of of the main town By Henry H. Graham rodeWe did,up andnotmotionedknowing forwhatus totogoexpect.back.

Vernon and we went to visit him. After Joyce Kilmer long ago paid tribute to When we got back to the Indian camp

a cordial greeting, he remarked that he trees and to God who made them. ground, he got off his horse and asked

had an old Indian grave right in his The touching lines of his verses are me what we were doing. I told him.

back yard. The children wanted to see familiar to all. And certainly few things Then he asked what kind of horses they

it, so we walked out about one hundred in the world are more beautiful than were and how many.

yards from his back door, and there on trees. Pine, aspen, oak, hickory, cotton- "Then he asked how many pinenuts

top of a cedar covered hill was the wood—all are lovely, providing welwe had taken and I told him a handful

grave. I had seen many similar ones. come shade nad making beauty spots each. We were standing near the mound

of out otherwise what ugly would of be over, some stepped removed so he set usually are small a They upon places. the bark and cedar earth, the parted

hill sort of figure a oblong and marks is it that not us satisfied Strange in. do some he Apparently looked was isthe grave, five feet which about

trees. carve our appreciate to seem to to over where told for come us he Weoflong and onehalf wide, and two made killing initials bark, the eventually filled in pocket every he was. he we Thenof size the rocks about of your two

I in long ago, for them. us a full Not wooded nuts was the motioned of and hadfists, set in are the which ground. That

fire in trees lovely the area horthe were which near had where stand over tois all.

ribly mutilated by knifecarvings. Not been. We did. Then he carefully put

To me it was just another Indian only were the trees ruined in appearthe bark in place and patted the dirt grave until Bishop Bennion said, "That ance but most of them were doomed down over it, after which he took a is the grave of old Green Jacket."because of the ugly gashes. Campers and small bush and erased all signs of the

picnickers in their idle moments as well tracks we had made.

for there motorists pausing as to over a only he where came we "When flood of that a senmemories\17hat

I the brief for interval knives standing, wielded thanked had and him were * * to brought tence me! back one No nuts. in replied, axes pine devastating even a nuts 'Not most he manand mysaid for time, a considerable word and

ner. Injun's. I see twothree him 'Nother I if asked,then "Bishop, been had you

tell trees probad, eatem chipmunks our to and and days him Let good us be thehere Indians that buried old when reprobate, and you had been asked to tect instead of destroy them. Arbor up poor Injun's pinenuts.'

say a few words over the grave, just day comes only in the sspring but the "Then he pointed a short distance what could you have said, truthfully, spirit of Arbor day may be made to away and said, 'You see 'em,"your that might have been appropriate?"prevail throughout the entire year. By horses? You go now. Gu'bye.'

planting new trees and protecting those What a fine tribute delivered over

He looked at me rather strangely for now growing we can do our part to the grave of a long departed, much mis- a moment, then said, "I would have told insure rich forests for posterity. understood, Indian.

MAY, 1944 297 fill

LJeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt Lake Taber- * nacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio network through

KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System every Sunday at 12:00 noon

By RICHARD L EVANS Eastern War Time, 11:00 a.m. Central War Time, 10:00 a.m. Mountain

War Time, and 9:00 a.m. Pacific War Time.

j/atse -J/Lear 'WLt Witt it Watte, rTfHE war of nerves, socalled, is a new name for an old a A/unarea UJearS from r/ow!

about bringing of deliberately stratagem stratagem—the

been known It has long lives of men. of fear in the "NTot infrequently we hear someone who shrugs off aa state

that if you can strike fear into the heart of a man you have - puzzling situation with the comment: "A hundred years

already gone far toward destroying his effectiveness. Fear from now what will it matter!"This, of course, is one of

is, no doubt, a "secret weapon"of Satan himself—and of those readymadei platitudes by which we bypass those

many who have sought to emulate him—who would like facts we don't want to be bothered with facing. But it's a

others to be paralyzed by fear so that they may accomplish good question if we'll ask it seriously: "A hundred years

their own purposes. Of course, there are those who will from now what will it matter?"In many ways our lives

remind us that fear is not always paralyzing—that somewould be very different if we would give the longtime test

times in great fear a man will rise to feats of physical perto some things we do and say, to some of the things we formance which he could not otherwise accomplish—and read and think, to some of the ambitions and aspirations

this may be true as to an act of emergency—but the strength we have, to some of the objectives we cherish. We are

of fear is spent quickly, and is not to be compared with disposed to devote much time and energy to things that the strength that comes with quiet courage long sustained. won't matter much next year, or even tomorrow, to say

Fear is the enemy of faith; it is the companion of darkness nothing of a hundred years from now. We are often given

and despair. It will not travel with hope; it sets the stage to driving ourselves toward goals that aren't worth arriving

for failure. It is a killer, a destroyer of men. The knife of at when we get there. We are given to eating our hearts out

the surgeon cannot reach its malignant growth. It is elusive, for things our neighbors have, or that we think they have,

with the which, acquire, and to price of the spirit. thingintangible, a high of mind and pay which we untouchable—a

it's little. for Perhaps count often in anguish, days, peace discovered passing of its victims have of manyAnd, as all

will not dwell with fear. To many these are fearful days. a good time to ask the question: Where will we be a

We live in fear of news we hope will never come—-and hundred years from now? Specifically, no man knows; but

when it doesn't come, we live in fear of no news. A generawe will still be ourselves, and we will still think our own

tion racked with fears, a generation that has had reason thoughts. A hundred years from now it isn't going to beto have its fears multiplied and intensified, would do well any easier to run away from ourselves than it is now—and

to remind itself that a man cannot be divested of his fears so we had best not count on the passing of time to rid merely by commanding them to depart. False fear is ourselves of ourselves. A hundred years from now the

crowded out only by being supplanted with something with decisions we make today will still be part of the record. And

which it is incompatible. A growing faith would inevitably the trivial things for which we have given much, the small

mean a diminishing fear. The two cannot occupy the same talk in which we overindulge, and some of the things some

space at the same time. Fear cannot long sustain itself people have sold themselves for, will all be known for their

where there is a conviction of the reality of God, and of the worthlessness. Some things we thought were important,

ultimate accomplishment of his purposes. False fear cannot we'll know were exceedingly unimportant, and some of the

we'll to attention come give didn't much to which things we in his faith own has in the life of a man remain long who us. will accuse neglect deal, our and great a learn mattered realities other the all of in and everlasting justice inevitable and an overall purpose is an But there

in justice, whereby, eventual an the of universe—includingcontinuance, our clutter things the which of that us some assure which

the Lord's own time, wrongs will be righted, and truth will lives and confuse our thoughts now, won't forever stand prevail—which day, men, even though they die, shall yet in our way, so long as we keep faith, reach for the ideals

and wind, of storm great time. a there arose at a to see, it a live day live "And it and to take learn to of truth—and

... full and that keep movever-present this day, and the ship, so into it was now beat the can get through waves If we

they awake him, and say unto him, Master, carest thou not ing in the right direction, a hundred years from now time that we perish?... And he said unto them, Why are ye so will have sifted out much of the chaff and disposed of many

fearful? how is it that ye have no faith?"(Mark 4:3740.) problems, healed many wounds, quieted many sorrows, and

Unto a fearful generation there come again these quieting dissolved many of our little fears; and time will have written

words: "Be still, and know that I am God."(Psalm 46: 10.) the real values on many things on which we have now fixed

—March 5, 1944. false price tags.—March, 26, 1944.

298 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA m.

*V<3

':>''w* toOe

jrearful Uoua er ulndlienced J/iears f effectiveness the destroy that fears false to the addition daily the Tn unnerved by to be ourselves allow to were F we * are imagined and vainly are which of (mostI of men untoward the hear, by all and all see and we of impact we are there that admitted it also be must substance), without completely so be soon lives, would our of wecircumstances fountheir fears have some false—that not are fears which ultimate objectives and longtime that feelings in ourupset life whose of a fears man the example, in dation and planning our from fact—for crowded to be tend wouldvalues tries it, vainly and who knows and who is filled wrong, with lives unour and thoughts our leave If shouldthinking. we such carry all who consequences. Not of fear his quiet to disturbances potential real all and of the to open andguarded long, live streets, and our us. walk to Some fears are known malcontents, to become it easy be would day, passing eachof betimes "die many their rise above never and with fears—and live souls timid whomisanthropes, neurotics—fearful, die a those who of wrote Shakespeare as death"their fore comconstant the with doom, impending of awarenessan hates the who of man fears the are deaths. There thousand become If should calamity. we imminent ofpanionship the perform must the of who man neighbor; his fears that tragedies and troubles all and the to susceptibletremblingly fears the misconduct; his justifying own of rationalization they though as fret them about happen, and or mightcould has he himself to explain why forever must of fearful who a man a surely life become would occurred, already had endlessly must of fears him who the done; he has done what if every flurry, if every crosscurrent, If every ordeal. night, at it sleep to to try put conscience, his answer try to be ship, would capsize our to we permitted were breaker still it find and hours, dark the it through with wrestle are are some who drowning. There and drenched daily There comes. daylight peace, when with no him, at gnawing that craft frail are ripples. some There the stopped by because all other men, distrust fears of who men the are those also who are there But wave. every with shudder fears inevitable the are there themselves; and distrust they goals ultimate of vision far places—the of vision the have purposes, evil upon set out and law defy those who of make which objectives fundamental values lasting and and the is followed by course which company, in bad or alone or furious matter storms, no how the it weathering worth fears the are Such apprehended. being fear of haunting the deep squalls, and quick swells, the ground frequent. The imagined not real and conscience, guilt of from come which life. must in inevitable They are disturbances elemental and transgressor, the to punishment just as come which—fears lose our point where the to we us upset to permitted not be boldthe of life, regardless whose is hard, and whose way destinasight our of lose or navigating, cease bearings, or for unconcern his seeming of regardless front, his and of ness the heartaches, sickening the setbacks, tion. temporary The at be never life can that a nevertheless, is, consequences, bitter the deep and disappointments, passing sorrows—some those If there be price. fearful a daily pays life that eaSe—a to permitted not be all pass of which men through—must which but imagined, not are that fears them with carry who from freedom ever had course. our man confuse No facts and the face best offense, they had real of are born have trouble, but of prospects many the trouble, or from honest offer an restitution, and make consequences, the take peaceful serene it and have grown more and lived above for hoping justice and relying on repentance, mercy—and confusion noise the while and themselves quiet within and offered having after peace of rediscovery the again begin ineffectively flurries passing the have the storms and and contrite a and humble payment—"an acceptable the only not been that has bent wreckage a without, upon raged

accomplished. Both the fearful voyager who trembles at heart."—March 12, 1944.

thought of rising waves, and the resolute mariner who heads into the storm and waits it out, must early in the voyage learn this: That there is no glazed surface from shore to

you're to season, for anyone. shore, season from When

will upset Copyright. 1944 the storms ocean, course life come. Of on the

us if we let it. It's up to us not to let it.

—March 19, 1944.

MAY, 1944 Thethoughttournamentwould neverwhichbe manyheld proved to be the most popular Association Improvement BASKETBALL MutualM MEN ever basketball series championship

of this (<ame5 ( >7n conductedtory in the long and colorful histhe While galaM Menevent.finale, conducted

with characteristic show in the Deseret inclusive, 11 8 to March By LES GOATES, sports editor, "the deseret news"Gymnasium, for the season to save came through the M.I.A. conference, numerous wards

and stakes that have participated enthusiastically in the past had to quit this year for lack of players. So it would not

be right to label the 1944 campaign as "the best ever,"as has been customary in the yesteryears of the sport.

Instead of the traditional 12,000 players from fifteen or twenty states, Mexico, and Canada, M Men basketball this year was restricted to fewer than 2,000 participants, according to reliable estimates. Yet the calibre of the basketball performed held up remarkably

well. "Overage"M.I.A. members and

in some cases seventeenyear-old Explorer Scouts came to the rescue. When

this crisis is over, these good troopers will be acclaimed the real heroes of M

Men basketball in 1944.

The championship this year stayed in the fast South Salt Lake division, where

Taylorsville took it in 1943. The

GRANTSVILLE SECOND WARD, 1944 M MEN CHAMPIONS Grantsville Second Ward, presenting

Front: Calvin Brown, Robert Lawrence, Joe Peterson, Jack Millward, Kenneth Johnson, Don Brown. Rear; the amazing spectacle of upward of a

Albert Barrus, Wesley Wells, Coach Mecham, John Balmer, Cliff Williams. dozen lithe, lanky and speedy courtiers,

won the title with almost ridiculous ease. Grantsville defeated Plain City

of the Ogden Division, 48 to 23, in a championship finale that was interesting only insofar as it stressed the vast superiority of the Cowboys over the entire field. The game was played beMforeMenthe largestgame, approximatelycrowd that ever2,200.saw an

Here is how the teams finished in this most surprising of M.I.A. tourneys:

1. Grantsville Second Ward

2. Plain City

3. Cokeville, Wyoming

4. North Hollywood, California

5. Twentyfifth of Salt Lake City

6. Harvard of Salt Lake City

7. Manilla 8. Wellsville

'T'he most coveted prize of all, the -"- General Board M.I.A. Sportsmanship Trophy, was awarded the Twentyfifth demonstrated which Ward quintet,

General Morris presents the Board M.I. A. Championship Trophy to Coach George General Q. Superintendent play hard can adequately that a team following of the Grantsville the Second Onan Ward, Mecham M Men tournament.

and still live up to the lofty idealism of

THE ALLCHURCH HONOR TEAM M Men basketball

There was no award for it, but the "Coach of the Year"was Onan Mecham of Grantsville, a former University of Utah allconference star and later a professional high school mentor.

Mecham's Cowboys played system basketball throughout, far outclassing the field in its execution of the finer points of offensive and defensive technique.

The contesting teams came from a wider area than in 1943, as the tabulation of scores will attest. In addition to

RAY COTTLE BOB TRUMP JOE PETERSON KEN JOHNSON ROYAL JENSEN the first eight finishers there were repPlain City Harvard Grantsville Grantsville No. Hollywood resented: Tucson, Arizona; Mt. Pleas300 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ant, Utah; Nyssa, Oregon; Payson, (Consolation Flight) At the conclusion of the tournament,

Beaver, Marriott, Utah; Sugar City, Twentyfifth 36, Payson 17 The Deseret News sports staff selected

Idaho; and Bingham, Utah. Wellsville 37, Mt. Pleasant 33 for that newspaper and The ImproveCharm and dignity was afforded the ment Era, the following allchurch honmeet by the presence of Gleaner Girl Finals or teams

sponsors. These young women, sixteen (Championship Flight)

of them, drew for teams and each atGrantsville 48, Plain City 23 First Team tended her at the champions and games Peterson, Grantsville; Ken

intook part that the pageant (For Third and Sixth) Johnson,Forwards—JoeGrantsville. marked

Cottle, City. Plain night'sthe opening competitions. Center—Ray Cokeville 38, Harvard 40 Hollywood Jensen, No. Guards—Royal presentations Trophy were made by Harvard. Bob Trump, Seventh) and Fourth (For and SuperintendentY.M.M.I.A. General

George Q. Morris. The big playoff was Manilla 28, North Hollywood 54 Second Team

directed by Homer Grantsville; Williams,

cal director for the City. C.M Warner,Men organizaphysi- (Consolation Championship) FrankForwards—CliffHadley, Plain

tion. He was assisted by Bishop Frank Twentyfifth 37, Wellsville 22 Center—Byron Carter, Manilla.Mozley, arbiter for the Salt Lake reGuards—S. R. Dayton, Cokeville and Lygion. Dr. D. E. Smith, was medical adThe leading scorers: Royal Jensen, No. man Cook, Plain City.

viser, a duty he has performed for many Hollywood, 60; Joe Peterson, Grantsville,

52; Byron Hollywood, 54; Levi Hunt, No. Third Teamseasons. that the Smith reported Dr.

GrantsWilliams, Manilla, 48; Cliff Carter,

fitnessstandard of physical the among Roberts, Sugar City; Levi ville, 39; Plain City, Ken Hadley, 42; Frank Fowards—Lee thisplayers year the highest on was Hollywood. Hunt, Grantsville, Har39; Trump, Bob Johnson,

record. To one who understands the vard, 37; R. Swenson, Manilla, 37; D. Saley, Center—Harry Duckworth, Harvard.

Palmer, Grantsville and Nealpurposes recreaand ideals M.I.A. of Snarr, 37; No. HollyTwenty-fifth, Grant 35. Bell,Guards—J.Twentyfifth. City, Roberts,tion Sugar this is wood, 36; Lee the and games, most important statement coming out of the tournament.

For a number of years all the teams have been encouraged to stay until the last game, even though they have may THOUGHTS FOR THE SERVICE MAN eliminatedbeen early in the rounds.

Their expenses are paid, particularly so (Concluded from page 278) mastery for the present and assurance that they attend the Satlunch may on future. for should the men Young is is that Bewrong. necessary nothing beforeurday the events. championship to neither afraid nor pray be ashamed is self of charevidence one's true to ing this luncheon year toThe proved will be. they they wherever While may stamina, requires courage acter and and enjoyable.most Honorary Master Mbe their flaunt religious convictions, or not faith. fortitude and and to awards of were a made numberMen cerfor notoriety, practices of purposes

those in part the had development who will to tainly they admit not be ashamed service is tendency among a 'T'here theof program, and the of members is better faith in their There no God. * civilians, to well as as men, among authorities the leaders of and battle for day's the the preparation with fatalism, to false of notions the adopt spoke and encouragement gave MengeneralM it to unseen, begin than or seen enemy, it feel matter that doesn't what much athletes theto to carry back and make prayer. to with spoken have a God To their time that do, comes when men may in theprominent communities from at the to the of beginning be and day that will death ends taken, and they be they great thewhich came of standards that the mindful throughout you day deliberateall are people anyway. Such church.the

its talk close at again to are with him limiting to a themselves narrowed ly day progress The of day by series the is to not enjoy a companionship which view. shorter a outlook andis the scores shown by as follows: strength the for gives only courage and is cause eternal, of the Life law and

conflict, to reveal the also helps but the grave, effect is operative beyond First Round and his he is and enemy for what to unmask effects there. Let here causes becoming

City Sugar 46, plots. his Third Payson agents 24 reveal and all think say that and us remember we North 36, Wellsville Hollywood 19 of this abid- a fine have example that forever; what we do goes on and We 48, Bingham Mt. Pleasant 22

life ing faith Lincoln, in the of Abraham to be; that are determines what we Plain City 42, Tucson, Arizona, 19 are

Manilla 34, Marriott 22 we're masters of our fate; and that we who, upon undertaking his tremendous

Cokeville 19, Twentyfifth 18 will be held accountable for our actions. task, prayed that the same Divine Power Grantsville guided 46, had which Second Washington would Nyssa, Oregon, 34 herithis consider should Each man

36, Harvard I Beaver 34 said, that aid him, with and "With to be sufficient to pride age; attempt have

it, fail; I cannot sucwithout cannot

it. should of each Also worthy Second be man Round

life faith ceed."convinces us His that

fact, that if he the contemplate solemn Flight) (Championship are for the prayer strong as well as and lives, of ancestor himself an he be may for is the that humility weak, a and 34, Harvard 33 Hollywood like to proud. be would someone whom

27, of Plain City true greatness. mark Bingham 22

life teaches that Experience can no Cokeville 29, Manilla 22 face staggering such probwho We, effective the unless strong voice or Grantsville 36, City Sugar 22 be lems today, to cannot unhope succeed is clearer the of voice conscience than less too, seek we, the guidance of Flight) same (Consolation desire that in inner region of where morelied. constantly which he on Power

it 36, Pleasant Mt. if tives are 34 conscience, Tucson formed. But

fathers country of our The achieved is 36, Payson Third 28 safe guide, to in Nyssa a kept be be must unity the under slogan "In God We Wellsville 29, Beaver 20 truth. this tune with praypurpose

laid Trust,"the and for foundations a Twentyfifth 37, Marriott 22 available to er-—a twoway Forradio—is world. Let us new go forward under all. Third Round this slogan in thereby and keep tune

is Prayer a source through of power with the Divine will.

enlist the aid of (Championship Flight) which the Almay we

Grantsville 48, Cokeville 26 mighty in attempting to solve our probMay your thoughts and actions be

Plain City 35, Harvard 28 lems. He who prays daily has an unseen such as to enable you to enjoy in full

the glorious measure which homecoming allpowerful friend and companion (Second Round Losers) but awaits you. horn? ones at Your loved will comfort him, and encourage who

North Hollywood 48, Bingham 42 protect and guide him. He finds a believe in you. Believe, therefore, in

Manilla 37, Sugar City 35 source of unfailing strength which gives yourself.

MAY, 1944 301 The Church wwwwmrvmrwirwwwm upwww jtjp yaryy

British Mission President after the pioneers came. They lived

their lives out with the pioneers. There of coordinator B. Brown,T Jugh APOSTLE NEW

left are either."of few* arservice, in Saints the * Latterday

first coun- E. Petersen, TIark to as31 in Britainrived Great March Grant Avenue in * selor the Sugar House British the president of duties assume

and general Stake presidency, first announcedMission, by the it was of the Deseret News ('"''rant-* of theAvenue,Ogden (Utah)the principalArsenal,streethas as comanager will also servepresidency. He

ordinator for L.D.S. service men in was sustained as apostle April 6, been named in honor of President Heber

Great Britain. filling the existing vacancy in the J. Grant.

council of the twelve. Elder Peterduties the takes President up Brown Counselor Temple is is fourth aposthe 43, sen, who

left England relinquished hehe when in in tle his forties quorthe now Smithfield, of D. Egbert A rchie of the after thea outbreak months few issue of Imum. The The June first the Utah, has been by v* named evacuation after completedwar, he had will feature an provement Era in the as counselor presidency second all missionaries fromof the England his article Petersen, famElder on sucpresidency. Logan Temple He mission to the Acting over turnedand alily, his work. ( See church and ceeds ad- B. Daines, Joseph was who President Anastasiou. K.Mission Andre so 290.) page filling first the counselor, to vanced will at President Brown's work home

be carried forward by the following asvacancy created by the death of A. E.

sistant coordinators: Riley Gwynn, Cranney.

Washington, D.C.; W. Wallace Mc- T. C. Stayner, first counselor in the Big Ezra T. Benson

chairBride, as Carolina; presidency South and Stake North J. Cottonwood council of the "Older T. Benson Ezra Ellsworth, RasmusStanley A. Texas; President AirdOrval man, Macand W, *?"'recently apof twelve has the been PresiCalifornia; Clifford and Northern StakeDonald, sen the of Mt. Jordan

of rural committee as pointed a member Nielsen, the Hill StakeL. Angeles; Oquirrh of dent Willard Los Kim- D. John anas of America, the Scouts Boyball, Arizona; chairmen. as vice Diego Harry and San

issue of the Lone nounced in the March States;Clarke, Western JohnLongden, of the Hatch, President H. Lorenzo rural official for magazine Scout, R. Boone, SouthernUtah area; James chairman appointed Stake Granite was Scouts. Lt.States; Col. Clarence C. and President with the Salt Neslen, of Region Lake

area.Northwest Aid Relief Society Bonneville the of Reichman G. Owen

Church Welfare Changes Stake and President Virgil H. Smith HPhe Relief Societies of Salt Lake City

of the Liberty Stake as vice chairmen. A in their sewing project for the L.D.

region, welfare church known A new articles 7,490 S. completed Hospital division of the In charge Henry** was Region, Basin as the having Uintah project the time sewing was the from general of the welchairman D. Moyle,jurisdiction the Lake, over Moon in through De1942 November L. begun assisted fare Robert committee, by Roosevelt Uintah, andDuchesne, fifty different 1943. Almost cember chairman. vice Judd, of partsstakes, from has been formed clothing supplies hospital and kinds of

the Northeast Utah Region. President Other reported changes in welfare were made. In addition, Relief Society

Ray E. Dillman of the Roosevelt Stake region chairmanships are: women prepared uncounted thousands

has been appointed chairman of the new rectangles of and bags paper bedside of the Peter Ricks President Rexof district. hospital. the for sterilized cotton President succeedsJ. Stake burg David

The Wasatch, Summit, and South Smith of the North Idaho Falls Stake in

Summit stakes were left in the old the Eastern Idaho Region. President Property, Record Obtained

Northeast Region, whose name was Smith has recently been appointed presTh lder Wilford C. Wood, acting

changed to the WasatchSummit Reident of the Idaho Falls Temple. *-* for the church, recently purchased

ofgion. President H. Clay Cummings Hill, Gallatin, Missouri, near of the Spring President Melvin Toone

served as Stake,the Wasatch who as church records on which is known President succeeds StakeJ. Minidoka

chairman of the Northeast Utah Region, Charles S. Clark of the Cassia Stake in Adamondi-Ahman, "where Adam shall

has been appointed chairman of the the Central Idaho Region. come to visit his people."(D. & C.

WasatchSummit Region. There are now eighteen welfare reSec. 116.) The tract, which was purEzra C. Knowlton, chairman of the gions in the church. chased from Eugene Johnson, contains

Salt Lake Region of the church welthirty acres of land in Daviess County, fare program, was appointed a memMissionaries Missouri.

the welfare property contains comthe general of church hill knownber The missionaries twentyfive A bout presidency. which is Lythe first onmittee Adamondi-Ahman 14 by March ** to the as are being called monthly

Lester F. Hewlett, vicechairman of mission fields of the United States and man Wight's home and the old barn,

the region was appointed chairman of Canada. These are men of draftexempt part of which still remains, and Adam's

if thirty at the that Altar. Industries agreed committeethe Deseret It was age, older and young women women,

hill, the include acres Paul time. President not C. Child does wholesame training. office have of who

hill vice as of the released purthe balance bethe Pioneer Stake was may chairman and becomes a member of the Pioneer Poplars chased.

regional council composed of the presi- T ombardy Poplars, mark of many a Another purchase by Elder Wood is dent f each stake in the region. *-'pioneer community, are dying out in a court record reportedly an original in

In the reorganization that followed, Salt Lake City and are being replaced long hand of the trial of the murderers the Salt Lake Region was divided to by slower growing trees, according to of the Prophet Joseph Smith. It was obform the Jordan Valley Region, comthe annualreport of the Salt Lake tained from Mr. and Mrs. Frank C.

prising the Big Cottonwood, CottonShade Tree Commission. Baum of Quincy, Illinois. It is now bewood, East Jordan, Grant, Mt. JorRufus D. Johnson, secretarywarden ing studied at the church historian's ofdan, Oquirrh, West Jordan, and the of the commission, commented: "Some fice with a view to determining its

South Salt Lake stakes, with President of these old poplars were planted soon completeness and originality.

302 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA AUTHORITIES OF THE CHURCH SUSTAINED, WARD AND BRANCH

CHANGES, AND DEATHS

GENERAL AUTHORITIES OF THE CHURCH WELFARE COMMITTEE succeedingVirgil H.J. PercySmith, Goddard,presidentwhoof wasthe madeLibertypresidentStake,

CHURCH ADVISERS of Leonthe newH. ParkSwenson,Stake. president of the Nampa Stake,

FIRST PRESIDENCY MarionJohn A.G, Widtsoe,Romney, AlbertThomasE. E.Bowen,McKay,HaroldCliffordB. Lee,E. succeedingClaude B.PeterPetersen,E. Johnson.president of the San Francisco

Heber J. Grant, prophet, seer and revelator, and Young, Alma Sonne, Nicholas G. Smith, Antoine R. Stake, succeeding Howard S. McDonald.

president of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Ivins, John H. Taylor, LeGrand Richards,- Marvin O. William Arthur Budge, president of the new Ben

Saints. Ashton, Joseph L. Wirthlin, general presidency of Lomond Stake.

J. Reuben Clark, Jr.. first counselor in the first presiRelief Society. William P. Whitaker, president of the Pocatello

dency. Stake, succeeding Henry W. Henderson.

David O. McKay, second counselor in the first GENERAL COMMITTEE Merle G. Hyer, president of the Benson Stake, succeeding H. Pond.presidency. Ray vice- L. chairman; Robert Judd, Moyle, D. Henry

sucStake, the president of Luke, Eldon Emery G. director; Marion Lee, chairman; managing B. Harold

Killian. ceeding Frank J. COUNCIL THE THE PRESIDENT OF OF Austin, director; assistant managing Mark Romney, G.

Grantsville of the president Paul Wrathall, E. new APOSTLES TWELVE E. Nelson, Sterling William H. C. Edmunds, Clyde

Stake. Barker, Roscoe Stevens, Stringam A. Howard Albert Smith. George Stake, the of president Palmyra O'Bryant, J. W. Knowlton. Ezra Eardley, C. Ryberg,W.

succeeding Gardner. A. Henry APOSTLES OF THE COUNCIL TWELVE the of president Brossard, Washington B. Edgar

Smith, Richards, Albert F. Joseph George George Benson. Stake, succeeding Ezra T. OFFICERS AUXILIARY GENERAL Richards, Stephen Widtsoe, Smith,Fielding A. John L SantaquinTintic the president of Patten, Carl A.

Callis, Merrill, Charles Albert F. A. E. Bowen,Joseph Greenhalgh. Stake, Carl succeeding D. THE CHURCH OF Kimball, Benson, Lee, Spencer B.Harold T. Ezra W. River the of Raft Miller, president Stanley Ephraim

Petersen. E.Mark Elison. Stake, succeeding A. John RELIEF SOCIETY WOMAN'S NATIONAL

Howells, president; Marcia K. Lyman, Brown Amy THE PATRIARCH CHURCH TO STAKES ORGANIZED NEW counselor; first Spafford. second counselor; Belle S.

F. Smith. Joseph divi- a 24, 1943, by Stake, organized Park October present at as of the board all of the with members

First, the of consists of Stake sion the Liberty and constituted.

first in the the counselors presidency, twelve The Stake, Liberty Thirtyfirst of the and Tenth, wards to the apostles, patriarch prophets, as the church and the half Emigrathe the of west and LeGrand Ward SCHOOL UNION DESERET SUNDAY seers, revelators. and tion of Douglas Stake, Bonneville the now Ward superintendent; R. general George Bennion, Milton Ward. first Reiser, assistant superintendent; Hill, A. Hamer ASSISTANTS THE TWELVE TO 21, 1943, Stake, organized November Lomond Ben all of the with superintendent; assistant memsecond

of consists the of the division a Stake E. by and SonOgden Marion Romney, G. Alma McKay, Thomas constituted. at the as of present bers board Twentyfirst, Eighth, Seventh, ne, Clifford North E. Smith. Ogden, Ogden Nicholas Young, G.

Lorin Farr Pleasant wards. Twentyninth, and View MEN'S IMPROVEMENT MUTUAL YOUNG organized 16, 1944, Grantsville Stake, by January TRUSTEEIN-TRUST ASSOCIATION consists of the Stake division the a of and Tooele Heber superintendent; general Morris, Joseph George Q. First Grantsville Lake and Second, Clover, Erda, trusteein-trustJ. Grant. As first assistant superintendent; K. Burton Cannon, for the Church of Jesus Christ J. the Branch. St. Point, wards and and Wendover John Saints.of Latterday all assistant superintendent; with Farnsworth, second

THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY of the members of the board as at present constituted. NEW WARDS ORGANIZED

Ivins, Antoine Young, R. Levi Edgar Samuel O. YOUNG WOMEN'S

Bennion, Richard Rufus H. Taylor, Hardy, John K. MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT divisionBrentwoodof theWard,Mar VistaInglewoodand SantaStake,MonicaformedWards.by a ASSOCIATION

Stake, Fifth Springville Sixth Kolob L. Evans, Wards, and Oscar A. Kirkham. president; Spencer WilGrant Cannon, Lucy First of the division Springville and a formed by first liams, counselor; second Goddard, Verna W.Helen Fourth wards. PRESIDING BISHOPRIC at as of the board all of the counselor; with members

a Bonneville Stake, formed by Douglas Ward, Richards, presiding bishop; constituted. LeGrand Marvin present O.

division of the Emigration Ward. first counselor; L. Ashton, Wirthlin, second Joseph

counselor. ASSOCIATION PRIMARY DIVIDED WARD

president; Howells, Cannon Adele LaVern W. Stake, Blaine divided to form Jerome Ward, Jerome first counselor; Dessie Boyle, second G. wards. Second and Jerome of all as First the with of the board members

constituted.GENERAL OFFICERS OF THE CHURCH atcounselor;Parmley, present

INDEPENDENT BRANCHES WARDS MADE HISTORIAN CHURCH AND RECORDER formerly Stake, Hiawatha Carbon Ward, Hiawatha

Fielding Smith, with A. Joseph William Lund as WARD AND BRANCH CHANGES Branch. assistant. formerly Stake, South Angeles Los Ward, Downey DEATHS Branch. Downey AND EDUCATION OF BOARD CHURCH

officers, in stake, branch in church ward and Clark, David Grant, Heber J. Reuben NAME CHANGED WARD last 1943. conference, since O. organizationsChanges October Richards, Fielding Smith, Stephen JosephJ. Jr.,L McKay,

Batesville Grantsville Stake, name changed Ward, Merrill, Bennion, F. S. Joseph Widtsoe, A. John Adam

to Erda Ward. MISSION PRESIDENTS NEW L. Bowen; Albert Callis, Franklin E. West, Charles A.

Frank Evans, secretary and treasurer. Hugh B. Brown, appointed president of the British

Mission to succeed Andre K. Anastasiou as acting INDEPENDENT BRANCHES ORGANIZED

president. EDUCATION OF COMMISSIONER Stake. Deseret Branch, Abraham

of president appointed Ursenbach, Willis Octave Stake. Callao Branch, Franklin West. L. Nevada

occasioned to the Mission vacancy the Canadian Stake. Lajolla Branch, Diego San

Quinney. Jr. President the of death Josephfill by Deseret Tooele Stake. Branch, SEMINARY SUPERVISORS

to succeed L. appointed Killpack, George William Stake. Dragerton Branch, Carbon Bennion, Karl Wood. Lynn M. J. the Central of as president Richards, North F. Jr., Stake. Branch, Adrian Weiser

States Mission. Stake. Tooele Branch, Park Tod

to L. Eldred Castle succeed appointed Murphy, H. FINANCE AUDITING COMMITTEE AND

Mission. as the president Hawaiian of Albert E. Bowen, George S. Waldron Adams, Orval W, DISCONTINUED BRANCHES to succeed appointed E. FolINDEPENDENT B. Richard Sharp, June Spencer, Harold H. Bennett.

Stake. African Mission. president Rolapp Branch, Carbon land of the as South

Stake. Branch, Tooele Mercur

CHOIR TABERNACLE Montpelier Stake. Branch, Pegram PRESIDENTS TEMPLE NEW

Cornwall, president; Stake. Hewlett, Richvale Branch, Lester F. Teton J. Spencer to appointed L. Payne, Harry succeed Charles V.

P. conductor. Condie, assistant Richard conductor; as president of the Arizona Temple. Pugh

BRANCH TRANSFERRED FROM MISSION

ORGANISTS STAKE PRESIDENTS CHOSEN TO STAKE

Alexander Schreiner, Frank W. Asper, Wade N. Ernest A. Strong, president of the Kolob Stake, sucAllison Branch, Young Stake, formerly of the WestStephens, assistant. ceeding J. Emmett Bird. ern States Mission.

MISSION PRESIDENTS IN ATTENDANCE AT CONFERENCE FOR

THE FIRST TIME SINCE 1942 First row, left to right: Heber

Weeks, Gustave A. Iverson, Arwell Lee

Pierce, German E. Ellsworth, Thomas

C. Romney, Walter Miller, Desla

Bennion, Lorin F. Jones, Ralph William Evans.

Back row, left to right: Franklin

J. Murdock, Graham Doxey, David A.

Smith,L Warner,DavidElbertI. Stoddard,R. Curtis, WilliamOctave

W. Ursenbach, William H. Reeder,

Jr.. and William L. Killpack.

MAY, 1944 303 and hungry elders going without purse or scrip, and the rude houses and ruder churches built along a westwardmoving frontier during stillsurviving generations of Editorials pioneering.

These are humbling remembrances. The church is

Jke Lonhemnce notit didsufferingnot costfromas illusionsmuch to ofoperategrandeur.the churchFor the officeyear

building with its entire clerical staff and to provide for

HpHE one hundred fourteenth annual conference held the living and traveling allowances of all the general -*- in the Salt Lake Tabernacle April 6, 7, and 9, was authorities as it does to build a single B-24 bomber.

limited in attendance to the general authorities, presiEvery expenditure, whether for a ward social or for a dencies of stakes and stake clerks, former stake presinew welfare storehouse, must meet the test: how much

dencies, patriarchs, high councilmen, presidencies of good will it do, and is it within the budget?

high priests, seventies, and elders quorums, temple presSomeone, in glancing at a similar annual report, once idencies, bishoprics, presidencies of branches in the orlamented that church monies are being drained into ganized stakes, presidents of North American missions, unproductive channels that have no hope of return.

who were attending conference for the first time since Chief among these "unproductive"enterprises he cited

October 1942, presidents of stake missions, superintentemple work.

dency and priesthood members of the Deseret Sunday How unproductive are the millions spent for temples

School Union board, superintendency and members of and their operation—for any of the activities listed in

the general board of the Y. M. M. I. A., commissionthe annual report? We remember that economists once

er, seminary supervisors, and members of the church thought a day of rest in every seven was wasteful and board of education. A group of recently returned unproductive—until they discovered that the seventh

missionaries, and members of the church in uniform day made possible greater efficiency on the other six were also invited to attend the conference sessions. and they have not abandoned that thesis even in war

The conference was marked by an unusually good spirit time. We remember, too, the story of the farmer who

at all seven meetings, which were held morning and never spared a rod of his ground for flowers and shrubs afternoon Thursday, Friday and Sunday, and Friday and felt he could not afford to stop his work to admire evening. sunrise and sunset because such follies were "unproducPresident Heber J. Grant was present and presided at tive."But it turned out that his neighbor who did add

most of the meetings. President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., beauty to utility had more zest for his task each day

conducted the sessions of the conference, under Presiand did a better job.

dent Grant's direction. In the same way, no church expenditure is unproducHighlight of the conference was the sustaining of tive when the activity it supports becomes a mainElder Mark E. Petersen to fill the existing vacancy in spring of thought and action in the lives of its members

the council of the twelve. In a subsequent issue the Era leading them to greater achievement in any field whatwill present an article on Elder Petersen. ever. Who can measure these intangibles? Surely, they

Elder Rufus K. Hardy of the first council of the sevenare earth's greatest motivators and producers. W. M.

ty was not present at the conference, because of illness.

Bishop Marvin O. Ashton of the presiding bishopric and

of first council of the Elder Samuel O. Bennion the On WlotLr's 2W9 seventy physiadvice of their the were present but upon

cians did not speak. A few years ago, mother's day came with a joyous

Sunday morning the music of the Tabernacle Choir ** gathering of the family, in peace and happiness, to and Organ was broadcast as usual by the Columbia present gifts and to commemorate the occasion. SomeBroadcasting System which was followed by an Easter times this presentation was so generous that it became

message on the Columbia "Church of the Air"by Elder a source of embarrassment to the recipient, and many

Albert E. Bowen of the council of the twelve, entitled, felt that mother's day had, like Christmas, become a

"He is Risen from the Dead."commercial racket.

Complete conference addresses of general authorities Today mother's day will have lost much of its comare found in this issue of the Era. See page 259. mercial flavor, for it comes with many loved ones absent

from the family center, scattered throughout their countries or in places beyond the seas. This thought gives

for a reckoning and reevaluating of the day and signifies. LA i5einq J-rodvictiwcuve pausewhat it

before, never As are mothers wondering whether of into parable the be read talents can modern A they their all in to. have done faith the power make ** financial It statistical church for 1 943. report and themselves which they living in force feel, a lives the

is that evident "lending preferred unto the Lord"is a have been torn at so tender of those who age from an risk. during the past hesitated to year add Whoever parental love certain and guidance a and of measure

tithes his offerings trust to his the of funds and own protection. left whether They they worry too have

feel realizes chagrin that people must he some when to his much chance basic of the the study principles the of is spent gone, the conand whereas money if gospel that would, thoroughly, known these make tributions others, richer he, of than no combinedhave-—through absent pillars strength, ones of for not only themcommunity of enduring good works. selves but also for others who have need of stability. effort—produced

Only careful husbanding of resources and wise apMothers fear that they have not opened the door of propriation of expenditures make possible the expandunderstanding for their loved ones caught in the huring philanthropies of the church, for though its stewardricane of war.

ship is reckoned today in millions of dollars, the church But these regrets are vain; if the work hasn't been

remembers the time its first book had to be published done sufficiently well, remorse will not rectify the negwith funds borrowed from a farmer who mortgaged his lect. Mothers should not, however, give up in despair

land for the purpose; it remembers the heirlooms melted, even in the face of this lost opportunity. They can,

the long braids cut, the glass and chinaware ground to first of all, reaffirm their own faith. Too frequently,

sparkling powder by the Saints at Kirtland for the mothers have been too soft in their own beliefs and temple; it remembers the miles traveled by footsore their own knowledge. Too {Concluded on page 314)

304 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

his name there, the tithe of thy corn, of thy wine, and of thine oil, and the firstlings of thy herds and of thy flocks; that thou

mayest learn to fear the Lord thy God always. (Deut. 14:22Evidences and 23).

From the context, it would appear that this tenth was to be used by the man and his family to enable them to reconciliations visit the holy sanctuaries and to take part properly in the sacred celebrations of Israel, several of which occur annually under the law of Moses. That is, it was to be

to permit the people to engage in holy ordinances Ixxviii. What Jithe5 and \yj-f-enna6 used by which they might keep the Lord in remembrance, as

Were iKeauired of Mncient Jrsraet indicatedAnd thitherby theye shallfollowingbring passageyour... tithes.... And there

tithes of giving practice and offerings was genall The ye shall eat before the Lord your God, and ye shall rejoice in that ye put your hand unto, ye and your households. (Deut.

ancient -* erally observed understood among and 12:6-7.)

it that fact, principle Israel. so the In well known was

third tithe Israel, ancient one imposed upon was A the casual for granted. in which manner taken was The third that year, to every came and be used which was of that historians refer to it is evidence it was Hebrew local relief for for distress. purposes the of human knowledge. common existence (Deut. 14:28, acceptance 29.) and The

Adam and those who came immediately after him these three tithes is recognized by competent writers ofof were taught the necessity of making offerings and sacriearly days. For example, Josephus declares:

fices to the Lord. It is probable, however, that the early

tithes, those said Beside are already which two I have you It is consecration. lived patriarchs the under law of

to year, the the the for the for other Levites, one pay every this higher that his people accepted and Enoch known festivals; third third tithe, to bring to be every you are year a

law, successfully, and others may have done so. (Moses distributed to those that want; to women also that are widows,

7:18; Discourses of Bvigham Young, p. 178.) and to children that are orphans. {Antiquities of the Jews,

The first mention of tithing in the Bible is in conBook IV, p. 132.)

nection with the giving of tithes by Abraham to MelIn addition to these tithes, the people were required, chizedek, a high priest, authorized to receive offerings. under the law of Moses, to make a variety of offerings;

(Gen. 14:20; Heb. 7:2, 6.) Abraham appears to have corners of the fields should be left standing, gleanings

understood clearly the existence and necessity of the and forgotten sheaves in the field be available, all for law. His grandson, Jacob, confirmed the family's adthe purpose, and estimated to amount to about oneherence to the law after his meeting with the heavenly sixtieth of the crop (Lev. 19:9, 10; 23:22; Deut. 24:19messenger, for he declared: 21); the first fruits, estimated to be about onefortieth

Of all that thou shalt give me I will surely give the tenth of the harvest, should be dedicated to the Lord; and

unto thee. (Gen. 28:22.) several other smaller but important offerings should be

made. (Neh. 10:3239; II Chron. 31:3-10; Deut. 12:17;

Tithing was made a definite part of the Mosaic law. 18:3,4.)

And all the tithe of the land, whether of the seed of the In short, ancient Israel were expected to use for land, or of the fruit of the tree, is the Lord's: it is holy unto sacred purposes, such as the maintenance of the priestthe Lord... and concerning the tithe of the herd, or of the hood, holy festivals, and care of the poor, between oneflock, of the rod, the tenth shall whatever passeth under even fourth their increase. and onethird of throughout And the Lord. (Lev. 27:30, holy unto 32.) be the generations, complied requirements with these many

Israel ever after lived by the law of Moses, and conand were blessed.

sequently tithing was a standing law for the people, one In view of these historical facts, the requirements that never was abrogated. made of modern Israel do not seem so large.

Offerings and sacrifices to the Lord and the dedicaThose who had authority to receive the Lord's tenth tion of property to sacred purposes is mentioned frewere clearly specified:

quently in the Old Testament history of Israel, from Behold, I have given the children of Levi all the tenth in

Joshua, through the times of Judges, during the reigns Israel for an inheritance, for their service which they serve, of the kings, and throughout the stirring times after the even the service of the tabernacle of the conqreqation. (Num.

captivity, even to the coming of the Savior. The gen18:21.)

eral terms, offerings or gifts to the Lord, are ordinarily This refers to the selection of the tribe of Levi to used, but tithes are mentioned specifically. The prophperform the priestly service for the hosts of Israel. The

ets Amos, Nehemiah, and Malachi, made direct referimportance of the principle of tithing is emphasized by ence to tithing in their discussions of the divine claim the injunction that the Levites themselves were to give for offerings. (Amos 4:4; Nehemiah 10:37, 38; 12:44; a tenth of that which they received to the priests. (Num.

13:5, 12; Malachi 3: 8, 10.) The Talmud, the spoken and 18:26; Antiquities of the Jews, Book IV, p. 119.) None

traditional law of the Jews, likewise makes frequent were exempt from the law.

and often detailed mention of tithing as an established Under the perfect law of the gospel all worthy men law of Israel. There can be no doubt about the knowlhold the priesthood, first the Aaronic, including the

edge and partial observance of the law of tithing among Levitical, and then the Melchizedek priesthood. But

the descendants of Jacob. the rebellion of the children of Israel in the wilderness

However, several tithes were enjoined upon the peocaused the Lord to take away from them the high priestple under the law of Moses. The first already quoted, hood, and to change the remaining organization as outwas the tenth of the produce of the land and the livelined in the Pentateuch. Thus it came about that the

stock, to be set apart for holy purposes by giving it to Lord's tithe was to be given to the Levites.

tribe. Levites, the the priestly for The commandment All tithing. should pay In the of Christ, church only

tithe, given in a second a passage in the Book of the of the members priesthood so designated have

Deuteronomy, began as follows: thority to receive tithing and to receipt for it: TheauThou shalt truly tithe all the increase of thy seed, that the presiding authorities of the church units of organization,

field bringeth forth year by year. And thou shalt eat before as wards, branches, stakes, or missions, or their duly

the Lord thy God, in the place which he shall choose to place authorized agents. (Concluded on page 314)

MAY, 1944 305 Homing

ON THE HOME FRONT Today's Paper Problem

Wastepaper in a home wastebasket may

Scientists and inventors inform us By Frances C, Yost not ordinarily be exciting to anyone of the wonderful improvements but a mouse, but it is of vital importance to that will be ours after the war. dulged unceasingly, the children of this every one of us, according to the War Proto the current Board, understand tell the are on homes us our They of duction the for doing responsible were brink home desperate get to to need wastepeople save transition. Everything complete of a abilitheir tasks certain age to fit home to turn paper, sort the it over proper it, and refrigwill from revolving improved be ty. they their done, work was When authorities.

erators to revolving houses which catch were free to play with the other chilThe war has made the new demand for the sun's rays at all times. Something to dren until their work called them back. wastepaper tremendous. According to the

look forward to, and let's hope no one Thus they lived with just a bit of sarlatest available figures, 500,000 tons a month will be disappointed. But out of this casm at their backs from neighbors and are being used by papermills and their needs

world of devastation we may today find neighbors'servants. are 650,000 tons. Fifty percent of the papereven better living, if we so desire. How? board output goes into containers for the

creforces. inventions armed have Modern but convenience, in home in house Not

for for ated paper: as a substitute uses new completeness. HPoday, textiles; metals to insure as packing and A familythehaseldestmade daughtera name inofhomethis vital safe arrival, in condition, of those good overgas rationing, and of Because

dietetics. Colleges economics do food, and plasma, war ammunicities, families should supplies—blood be crowded

it tion. the time this. keeps packaged for entire credit the same At not deserve in enjoythe home, time spending more

too. foods into kitchens, moving home at training practical received she The association. other's Domestic ing each is into converted wastepaper Just how the staying neighbors'with home, and workers, war servants become have it of war? does our weapons "keep How off, children maid's the perhaps on day into step free mistress to the leaving that paradry"? powder Did know you factors in are big her training. chutes to paper, being of as are place homemaker. her rightful made now What

a pleasure this can be if a mother takes The eldest son is a commanding ofdrop food and equipment from airplanes to advantage of it. What wonderful asficer while still in his twenties. This is men in inaccessible places? It has been

crossing English found the Channel that on chilher sociations and training entirely. can be hers military to not due

airplane, the air getting moisture an from teach as teacher a can laid for his in the foundations Perhaps he dren's. No clothing into to man's add five pounds can a

mother with the true spirit of character career those summers years ago while weight, so paper raincoats are now in use.

building. mowing the neighbors'lawns, instead of The boys call them "invasion raincoats"and

landing. plugs dad. parents throw on them Paper from of away The is a sponging not one ideal where home The of protect the guns. muzzles Paper machine furchildren looking these were much tasks, menial the to is hired servant do is shell for cases. used and bands bomb ther dollars the than a seven they week their resources, left to children the own is problem. Obtaining pulp a today wood their doing housework. saved by own free her to the from home go mother and of gone have Thousands lumbermen now practitioners, building not were They ideal daily. clubs for forests. cutbridge the from home pulpwood The However,

is where parents and children work as parasites. ting is now considered essential and infor. of lack creased production hoped Our unity. in perfect together well will as play helping, there all hands be With

is serious as as great as not nor paper if easily are children All managed for the time play as well a as and few work the of throwing England's, mistake where life. actively are with things them parents engaged of cultural of the of out And of equivalent the bag paper empty an away

test true this the but at play, living will time comes cooperative when come fine of approximately is punishable a by working side by side, doing the necesfor a bit of sewing and knitting for the fifty cents. Let's hope it never will be.

sary jobs of living and enjoying them Red Cross. Wastepaper brings a price. If more oras completely as a game of Softball. Since environment is the greatest ganizations knew this, they would imitate

of the initiative of a group boys who colbuilding, family factor in character were con- a I once who knew may we, lected instruments and paper bought band their neighbors. front, as sidered very not only among mothers odd on the home

... the proceeds. with

fighting the only they for were because famour keep the homes boys are It was in the collection "flash is no Wastepaper street a boast not ily did them. but also improve on their Edgar who As that job should but a longterm be A. pan,"

servant. It wasn't that they could not Guest once wrote in verse: "It takes a regular housekeeping routine in all of our

afford one. While the other children on heap o'livin'in a house to make it homes. Magazine War Guide, Marchthe block were free to play and be inhome."April 1944.

By HUNTERGRAHAMFAULTLESS FARM FUNNIES Sunday morning visiting

306 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA t

Handy Hints

will Hints used Payment for Handy be oooo publication. the event Inone dollar upon

that two with the same idea are submitted, the one postmarked earlier will receive the dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

but each will receive careful consideration.

A loose nail in a plastered wall can be made firm by this method: Saturate a small

piece of cotton with glue. Wrap around USE THE DURKEE TROCO MOLD

press nail thethe nail. Reinsert and IN SERVE MARGARINE TO

cloth. a excess glue wetRemove firmly.When CUBES ATTRACTIVE will the nail C. T. M., bedry withrigid.—Mrs.

Bellevue, Michigan. Ask your grocer for a Durkee Troco

Margarine Mold leaf stalk celery, of a every from Take the purchase of a pound... onlyof49cDurkee'swith

cloth in sack well a small put andwash Margarine. and Troco

till dry. are leaves the thoroughlyhang up

Store in a glass jar. Keep adding until the

jar or jars are filled. These dried leaves

make the best soups and flavorings for stews, Yes, Durkee's Troco dressings, and salads.—Mrs. W. N. B., Salt Margarine is good on corn bread City, Utah.Lake

because it's so mild... so sweet

Use a clean calcimine brush to apply wax on floors or furniture quickly and evenly.... so countryfresh in flavor.

/. M. B., Ogden, Utah.

To stretch your meat ration points and improve the flavor and nutrition of the next meat loaf, add onehalf to one cup of oatmeal and the leftover vegetables.—/. B.,

Nashville, Tennessee.

.OLEARGARINLJ

the preserve rubber your bathon mat To CHURNED WITH FRESH liquid scale of a thin coat apply wax.room

better. protects helps it to it and wearThis PASTEURIZED

furnishings other of house yourMany SKIM MILK if for to easier coat you'd care bewould them occasionally with a light application of liquid wax. Wood, leather, even brick vXxoxxyovivX.

finishes may be treated in this manner. P.

V. S., New York, N.Y.

When pressing suits, dresses, or coats until cloth is dry. press notdo This makes

clothesthe look Try this shortcut to delicious through and seams show shiny and old.—Mrs. J. E. D., Meadow,

Utah.

Add color to your salad by revolving head of lettuce in a bowl into which paprikahas been generously sprinkled. The lettuce A-1 SHORTCAKE

leaves will be fringed red. E. T'., Hinckley,

Utah. What a welcome your family will

of ants, thoroughly rid your mix home To parts with part of boraxtwo powdered give to this A-1 Shortcake—luscious, one

sugar and put around where ants come. For tender and dripping with fragrant

two or three days the ants will come in swarms, but after that they will disappear. strawberries or other fruits. And you

—K, S., Salt Lake City. can make it in a jiffy—when you use

Split doughnuts and spread with a thick layer of fruit, butter, jam, or cream cheese. Globe "Al"Biscuit Flour. It's exforIt's lunch.—M.something differentF., Wichita,and Kansas.very delicious pertly blended from six quality baking ingredients—readymixed for bisStitch a piece of woolen material to two

thicknesses of unbleached muslin to make a cuits, dumplings, and many other wool pressing cloth. When pressing wool- m

ens, dampen the muslin side and press with treats!

—Mrs.the woolE.side]., Olar,downSouthso thatCarolina.it picks up nap.

66 99 Keeping the baby covered is often quite a problem. Here is one solution. Sew two

to rods supporters the of the crib,hose one GLOBE m the head.. side of Fasten each the supon

porters to the corners of the covers. The

willelastic allow the baby to move freely Al will uncovered.but he not become FLOUR And BISCUIT

there will be no holes in the blankets as with those big safety pins.—Mrs. D. D., Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.

MAY, 1944 307

1 tbsp. lemon juice

Cook's Corner lengthwise,Peel and andcut eachremoveavocadoseed; sprinkleinto halves,cut

portion of fruit with lemon juice and salt.

Arrange asparagus pieces in seed cavities,

Josephine B. Ndchols Combine celery, cocktail sauce, mayonnaise

and lemon juice and stir to blend. Pour over

MAYTIME RECIPES FOR MAYTIME asparagus. Place shrimps on top. Serve on

MEALS salad plates garnished with salad greens.

Steamed Lamb Loaf with Olive Sauce CHILDREN'S BIRTHDAY PARTY

lbs. 3 ground lamb Jelly Roll

c. moist breadcrumbs 3

c. flour cake % tsp. 4 prepared mustard 4 whites egg

1 sauce tbsp. Worcestershire 4 yolks egg

1 salt tbsp. salt tsp. 14 Mayonnaise makesDURKEE'S tbsp. onion 6 chopped c. sugar % tbsp. 3 margarine tastier dressings...better salads, juice tbsp. 2 lemon

gives new goodness to everyCombine all ingredients. Mix well. Pack 1 cup jelly

put which into on rack twoquart a pan and salt. flour. Sift Beat and add Measurething it with... because you use fits into cookinto water cooker. 1 cup Pour stiff. juice until to whites lemon egg Add

into er. with molded lamb rack Lowerit's genuine mayonnaise, light. until made thick yolks; beat egg and Add

tightly 2 hours. steam cooker. and Cover continually. gradually, beating Fold sugar fresh eggs.with olive sauce. with Serve little at flour a time. whites in and a egg

for inches in greased 15x10 pan Bake Olive Sauce 375 F. onto at out 15 minutes Turn damp flour tbsp. 3

in towel. off edges. crisp Roll cut 2 c. milk

jelly. unroll cool, spread with and Whencloth, sauce tbsp. Worcestershire 6

1 c. cooked peas Reroll as tightly as possible. Cover with

salt powdered sugar.

paprika Peanut Brittle RennetCustard 1 tbsp. chopped green pepper 1 "Junket"Rennet tablet

Melt butter and flour. Add milk gradually, 1 tbsp. cold water

stirring constantly until thickened. Add re- 1 pint milk

maining ingredients and cook slowly 5 min- I/3 tojc. finely rolled peanut brittle

utes. Serve hot on steamed lamb loaf. Yl tsp. vanilla

Shrimp Cocktail Salad AddDissolvepeanut 1brittlerennetandtabletvanillain tocoldmilk,water.heat,

4 to 6 avocado halves stirring constantly, until when a drop on

1 c. inchlength is comfortably pieces asparagus tips inside of wrist warm—not

1 c. shrimps prepared from stove. at once Add dishot—remove

c. celery finely cut tablet quickly for a solved rennet and stir %

cocktail c. sauce tomato dessert individual into seconds. Pour few y3

c. Yt, mayonnaise garnish to serve; glasses. ready Chill when

3 tbsp. butter with coarsely broken up brittle. f\

Popularity Has Its DEAREST MOTHER Problems {Concluded from page 286) You used to grieve, in your more of the six handsome grandsons who caryourdepressedyouthfulmoments,dreamsovertothematerialize.failure of

SO MANY people choose the ried your casket so tenderly to the spot You had been so well equipped by naHotel Temple Square when under the pines where you had long ture for a rich and thrilling life. Instead,

visiting Salt Lake City, we planned to rest. (Perhaps you have it had a long record of hardship and

often experience difficulty in ceased grieving for the absent ones poverty and often, unappreciated toil.

accommodating all of them. busy with the grim business of war in But, dear, it was adventurous. Can't

probably far world; the of corners the as that you Though, see now? you play please won't So you for and now, you has shrunk the world picture, great a never mourned, you saw

resyour making safe?—by all this. to ending see a happy you traveled musician, or great a heard

of in ervations well advance life utthe to lived your abroad, you your trip. Then neither you You'd have been glad of the resolumost. I hope from your seat, "at His

nor we will be disappointed. tions of love and respect from the variright hand,"you can see now how rich

Thank you! ous organizations in which you had and full and glorious it was!

worked, and that your last, most touching public service was not forgotten. And now, goodbye. I have felt for

these few minutes I have been writing

Hotel For when age and weakness made this, that we were talking again, in the you a virtual prisoner in your room, and old familiar way. It will be the last letfriends association of old and relatives, I shall to impulse times the check have

still acted missionary as a for yourTemple Square youcircumstances removed you from the ter I shall ever write you. But how many incident to to run with your some room

Soft Lake City church; and though often weary unto I have heard or remembered that might

death, never failed to hold the weekly cheer or interest you, mentally censorknitting class you had organized to help ing the sordid or depressing bits. I shall

the Indian women among whom your have to learn to save the good things lot was cast. Their affection for you is until I meet your sweet smile and outsomething to remember happily now, stretched hands again.

the way they celebrated your last birthday, the Indian trinkets they brought as May God permit you to know how qifts. much we love and miss you,

Letter Writing

(Continued from page 296) ture of your hand, the twinkle in your eye, or the emphatic tone in your voice?These are but a few of the "in person"P"-eo""

ways that serve to fix the attention of an audience. These cannot go along ina letter. Looked at realistically a letter * TLu&ut*

is nothing more or less than a study in black and white. Such written expressions as, "Well, you know what I VEGEMEATS

mean,"or "You have seen the place i it, I can'tyourself,"imagine or "You in are NO POINTS! conversation, evenwrite,"weak

flat in written form. When words and

word patterns alone must count, there must be enough of these, used in effective form, to provide better than skeleton treatment for what you have to say.

Note the opening sentence of the second letter above. Here it is again:

"Bob is still having to learn things the hard way."This statement raises the

questions of why and what? It holds I

promise of interesting reading. It does

more than this. For its author, it sets

the course of his writing. The words

"hard way"within the sentence become the center of a writing target. All the

frustration of misplacing keys, all of the embarrassment of having to report such all loss to the quartermaster,a of the TRY TH s',fi lIMaS all use of the hacksaw, andawkward of the public discomfort of being given JtamUtf Meat problem bother you? Try Gluten Steaks,

demerits for carelessness, are thus centender, juicy, veallike cutlets that provide the tered in the writer's attention. The vital protein, vitamins, and minerals for the

dish. main of Linda Vegemeats One six Loma bull's- the "hardwords become way"tornj*e**

that to enable plan nutritious appetizing, you to openingeye in the sentence progood entrees... points. All without no waste good

vide a writing aim.... average serving 8<t, At food stores.

In the first letter above there is no such clearcut target at which the writOther Lorno Linda Vegemeats er may shoot. The event is more or GLUTENBURGER

NUTEENAless talked out in a conversational way. PROTEENA

SOY MINCEYou are told of the happening but VEGELONAdenied what a live "in person"account By the makers of Rvskets USE could give it. To see the important difference between the oral and the writ- A NATION'S HEALTH IS A NATION'S STRENGTH

ten form of expression is to move forward in an effort to make the most of your letter writing assignments. For a

start, find and headline your personal news, then develop it. Two books you need in your library

TD asically, a friendly letter is made up of a series of what might be called letter headlines. These form the skeleton; idea of events around which the

is developed.news Here are a few exGospel Standards First, letter headlines.amples of from

the training camps: by President Heber J. Grant

We muster six times a day for drills.

Today we did spins and stalls at 3000 $2.25

feet.

I'm lined up now with Uncle Sam's

Salts.

This is my first day in camp.

Last night we went on a short road In the Gospel Met march.

Officers'quarters are extremely by Dr. John A. Widtsoe

crowded.

Next, from the home front: $1.25

What a trip we had at Half Moon

Bay. On sale at bookdealers everywhere

Jeff arrived from Boston the other day. {Concluded on page 310) MAY, 1944 309.!

LETTER WRITING

{Concluded from page 309) and salmon, easy prey to the soldier's rod and fly; and extreme lack of vegetation, exyellow a small for and shrubbery cept some on home a new summer bought We this all and similar to our buttercup; flower, Sound. the reaches that the sand windblown topped by greeted sight me this delightful A a always. everything anything and What

morning. windstorm took down the old isplace!like inAndthe I'mnicestnowparttryingof theto year!tell whatTheyit ""*...any hour of the day! The

trees. say we have two seasons here—the month

Our office and Grand Central Station of July and winter! Winter, I dare not talk

hearts and chills the warmest about—it

as there is such a thing forget makes men * HERE'S abetter have a lot in common these days.

the for all beginning said? However, the letsun—enough the characterizes that thing The

... whenever day is such a bad this, not Greenland is place—ifwith general in writing from headline ter golddrenchedwith begins. Hotcakes yours here for to be wasn't he sure only were one perthe is It from news its intimacy.! ways Three Syrup delicious Mapleine en, over a year. maneuWithin savers. viewpoint. sonalized Get it—two of them to make Greenland.) postmarked a letter (From lines, today recruiting flights, Mapleine your from sugargrocer—magic vers, bomber * * *

office beach, trips to the storms, wind 3 GRAND WAYS TO MAKE MAPLEINE SYRUP mishaps, or dozens of other daily hapThe velvety warmth of last evening penings you are always there as an inbeckoned me into the delightful mysteries the its I accepted darkness. in enveloped events, to such reaction dividual. Your

proceeded old Buck, with and, invitation headlines, letter boiling into water cups pour 2 converted when the beside silver the into woods to wander sugar cups over 4 rather than write, to will challenge you the field. walked silence down In north we 1 Mapleine teaspoon add try then, start ink. in a For converse that its woodthrough as way path it wound.. have you stir and headlines such or of developing two one patterns the shadow with carpeted land pints Syrup Mapleine 2

fact, alin tail send. letter big One was bushy Buck's you leaves. the for each

if fully enlarged, may well be enough ways just ahead of me. The stillness of the

boif T/i cups hot water when put with the other essential news night was broken only by the whirring 3 cups corn syrup information or requests of your letter. serenade of insects.

Kentucky.) letter minutes postmarked for 5 a (From deis meant by appreciate what To

Mapleine 1 teaspoon add the read headline of a letter velopment stir you have and home from taken excerpts following... Syrup Mapleine pints 2 the in counplace old that bought Bernice mail: front overseas and

a transcertainly has worked she try and outside it. gray shabby with road formation The a twoday from just got back We

1 water hot heat cup piazza old the green, and ivory and All Kaala. day is of into mountains now the honey march strained cup Vi portico. lattice small plains, replaced a by valleys, has been dusty deep through rode we syrup corn cups 2Vs the planted this been of has side trucks the each night jungles. That heavy On and boil. full to Bring

add 1 teaspoon Maple'ne finally rolled to a stop, and we dismounted new dawn rambling rose. This blossoms

stir and you have... and hiked about seven miles into the heart practically all summer. Its fragrance and

2 pints Mapleine Syrup of the jungle where we pitched our pupbeauty assure you of the friendly welcome tents. Nearby the camp was a cliff about that awaits inside.

1500 feet straight down into an ocean. (From a letter postmarked Ohio.)

That night we slept in the steaming jungle and the water we drank tasted like sulphur.

corner, neighborhood I old guard. at I our lingered on morning went that 2 a.m. FLAVOR About MAPLE IMITATION shop bakery old quaint at in our at night. jungles to heavy look the It in is quiet The f&ntoi utTWtvStiMtethe, *8*to*-:He&* spread delightful of a the center In and shapes, all and forms the window. mist took

weird silence was broken now and then by of goodies stood a small tree, temptingly the fury of the pounding surf. hung with things to eat. Among its branches

but small cookies, delicious of stores Oahu, Terriwere postmarked a letter (From of a variety cakes, and sugar colored gaily tory of Hawaii.)

all glistened under buns. These appetizing * * *

lights tree blue and red, white of the dozens of base needles. with its piny At the a ghastly Paris dotted imthat now One leaves

large were boxes holiday the de la Conin bright Place the tree WHEREVER pression. know You

corde and remember how brilliantly it was round cakes and fancy pies. You'll rememTHEY litonlyup fourat night!dimmedCanstreetyou picturelights init allnowitswithimber(Fromthe aoldtetterbakepostmarkedshop, I'm Brooklyn,sure. N.Y.)

mensity of wet pavement resounding with patrols of boots the German of the pound letin found these as such Excerpts the fro? Rue to and constantly And passing reader, the for touch a bright add sight. pitiful is Only a GD nearby, Royale, satisfaction creative the suggest old andters classical the remained has place Maxim's England well writer. may the They enjoyed by officers and with teeming den, enjoyment

young Siegfrieds spending "occupation"become the most delightful parts of cor-

T am a thorough follower of the paper(Frommoneya letterlikepostmarked,water. Lisbon, Portw respondence.long and lonelyInperiodsa war thatof waiting,will callbothfor

Eva and wait impatiently for <"* * * atforhome,those whatat thebetterfrontwayas wellcan asonethosefind aweis of the most up land made This piclife through word his than to share here. it arrive finally over to ever I've terrain It inspiring seen—snowmail? in abroad wings tures and he pens rock, solid of chiseled mountains capped heart and eyes your with kodaking Go cliffs one have (we unsurmountable and of faith with is source a indeed of a headlines. memo letter for Make straight wall, sheer feet is 700 that here near

assignments writing as used goats; to be them bewhiskered only inhabited by courage which one cannot get up!), or two write. back One time towers in ice the next you which cap a stupendous

enough of in these trying days. ofslowlythe downmountainsthe valleys,and crunchesbreaking itsup waywith writtenfor a letterare mayworthbe saving.enough. WhenLetters theso

rivers, swollen roaring cracks; earsplitting corof such parts best the is won war twentyfour a ice, caused by melting a letter Elder William A. Carver by well become respondence may side either enclosed fjords on sun; deep hour mail this can make In you diary. way elevation; numcrevice-infested steep, by

dividends. extra pay the trout unsuspecting filled with lakes erous

310 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA News From The Camps

They don't stop at our barracks bag, to

North Africa make excess weight and lie unused. We

branch Australian to mempass them on friend a meets someone SundayEACH to task impossible almost bers, an have who I it met seems. have States, the from publications. Reguother church get or Eras also myself, friends many and formerthree of from sending the lations money stopped

I in the people knewfellows knew who shipping subscriptions, for and Australia is making Besides, new everyoneU.S.A.

difficulty. the to adds to together from weekfriends meet as we preparbe youth would today Teaching the I and feel these meetings thatweek. the in either soldier of the tomorrow; ing the battlefields of the like on themothers

(if life sense military or of sense everyday for the force consolidating will a beworld. of the tomorrow) The needs should be such our we'll for remember of Zion,priesthood teachings and goes of soldier more today by to America. returnfriends when we his his than any of behalf, youth in prayers,

Sincerely your brother, you may be able to give him after he is a

Elmo L. Walker soldier.

* * * Ability to take courage in building an in foot of water a place stopping overnight Africa North discouraging debris, added jungle and and Editor:Dear a others, remembered from of comes remarks

glad a subscriber of the Era, and I am am stalled of in a the persistent case father

I to be able to receive an inspired magazine mobile pulling a loaded trailer on a autosteep with the great sermons by the leaders, and grade.

the messages each month by President Ability to share a can of ration with a

Grant and Richard L. Evans. The Era member of the allied forces, who was away

should add a word to the motto, "A magafrom his unit and without food for the day zine for every member of the Armed Forces (knowing the small bite to him was as a (family) in our church."Christmas meal would have been to me)

It would be grand if there were some way comes from a basketball coach paying a to publish the Book of Mormon, the Docone or two dollar doctor bill for injury retrine and Covenants, and the Pearl of Great ceived by a player who counted dimes and

Price in one book for the boys in the Armed twobit pieces on high school dates.

Services at a nominal cost. I'd be glad to Our L.D.S. chaplain with us in Australia

of those read books I haven't one, as any get those fortifies to adds and Guinea and New

I do have overseas, although since coming the built teachers parents and boy Utah a former Sicily abilities—but thing, small a Bible. Another a Holy go. which frame foundation and by we eating I was "Yesterday He /ROM** writes, giving out published should be pamphlet is built and that which together helps hold

points on the Word of Wisdom, and sent also builds anew. in an Air Corps outfit, and I went back

to every boy as a reminder of the destroyBruce L. Baird into the kitchen to get a drink of water,

not slaying passing us angel ing by us * * * I in front of me right smack dab and liquor, of the deadliest especially andall—strong red S. S. Colorado and of beautiful spotted a couple are coffee. tea, some There and tobacco,

boys going into hospitals from drinking the Pacific Ocean blue cans of Morning Milk! It struck

and Dear Mom: Dad It is said that wine this country. of pal. wine lost a long I found as if just had me

to going did know you eyes. the will we were blind pinned DAD, labels me, with the of have one I article ship? I of the Era, start meetings each aboard read After L.D.S. I am

more deeply touched in my heart and soul, Well, we have and we are really getting up like a pinup girl."*

and say what a wonderful sermon. quite a group. We have held five meetings, This is one of many letters received

is this that five us of testimony there only I bear know were at the my serUtah men in the regularly from

I that of and true hope the church indeed JoGodI members. we have first Nowone

is Milk Morning telling vice us how is subthe church of true prophet all have to Smith grow. continue seph a we Wetwenty.

and the Lord. scribed for The Improvement Era and will like a letter from home.

it, brother, until arrive they so Your from study we are as the well as fronts, battle the On gospel. the principles of the studying Pvt. Riley C. Tison

is a dependMilk front, Morning home yesterday, letter Renice I received from a * * * nourishment sergeant. of wholesome source able she a been said she had made and

Australia If I don't hurry up, she will be passing me—one of the seven basic foods in warSir: Dear up.

Your loving son, time. you might be interested in what thought

I happens to our Eras, after we read them. John D. Powell * From our correspondence files

SOLDIER CONTACT WORK

(Concluded from page 268) ty Record to all service men and women ters which have been sent have been infrom Cedar City and the west end of sent the has Stake, and the Parowan teresting, carried mesnewsy, and have

Evaporate from to all Parowan Times Parowan Letterwriting cheer. by sages of good Ml! If V tVAPOBATES

of the stake. east the end Many and relatives, neighbors, parents, and

letters received comMilk been by the have enand friends has been stimulated girls boys and from through the activities of the mittee couraged serving in FinerFlavored expressing of the parts world various committee.

Another of our programs which is deep appreciation for the fact that the proving to be very much worth while hometown paper is being sent to them is that of sending the hometown newseach week, and also expressing gratiMORNING paper to the boys and girls in service tude for the letterwriting program from the county. Beginning with the and the thoughtful care and inis the MILK terest being by shown which issue, the committee, 1943, Christmas HomeOwned Evaporated Milk Utah's Only girls for folks at our boys and home of other cooperation the help with and

organizations, has sent the Iron Counin military service.

MAY, 1944.

Melchizedek Priesthood

SMITH, FIELDING OF COUNCIL PRIESTHOOD MELCHIZEDEK OF THE COMMITTEECONDUCTED BY THE THE TWELVE—JOSEPH CLIFFORD G. A. CALLIS, ROMNEY, THOMAS E. MCKAY, EZRA T. BENSON, MARION CHARLES HAROLD B. LEE, CHAIRMAN;

E. YOUNG, ALMA SONNE, NICHOLAS G. SMITH, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, ANTOINE R. IVINS, RUFUS K. HARDY

Concerning Contributions for the Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, July, 1944

Clearing of Temple Names Text: The Gospel Kingdom: Selections from the

Tn relation to the contribution for Writings and Discourses of John Taylor * the purpose of clearing the names of men which have accuLESSON 25 Evidence. Faith and Action Needed. EterSmith's of the Gospel. Nature Joseph the in the temples, mulated quesReview Book I: "Some Latterday nal

of the Prophet's Mission. Consequences issuing arisen as to the tion has Saint Philosophy"

Mission. If receipts for funds. these of such 1-8, inclusive (review). Chapters Text:

clarify the and Suggestion: Develop of are funds members donated by Saint the Latterday Discuss: does What is eterthe gospel that basic view Mormon the priesthood, the of quorums concerning gospel) teach (the philosophy first its to the fulness in nal, man, taught was

life? Is treasurer, secretary, the universe, of then the nature or of man, the to a delivered mankind not and Adam,

applicable the philosophy Saint Latterday isrespective the should quorum text, 8687.) trickle at time. (See a pp.

experience? are facts the to of some What to receipt for sue a donor each is President Discuss: meant by What experiences sudden (war, human common his contribution. voluntary These is the "unthat Lord statement Taylor's ones, of of separation death, love loved man sent funds the to should then be topics 68 and p. p. (compare changeable"livwife, family, rearing a making and a

of nature in of "the (Interpret terms in district to temple the the 77)1 which all to experiences these ing)? common Are

is it declared 8889 gospel.") the pp. On receipt belongs a quorum and helpIs in the applicable a gospel people?

of proof.""is susceptible the that gospel One to treasurthe should returned ful, be in experiences? these sustaining manner

not!) ac- (often scientist does usually he to Is sharer, applicable people the only gospel or of secretary, the quorum of of because another, findings the cepts in ing these experiences EuropeanAmerican If the from the temple. funds come the Is logical this proof. with experimental is universally apcultures? the gospel Or, stake, the clerk from the then of there experimental evidence gospel? be Can is often greatest plicable? need Mankind's the issue stake receipt to a Is there the may truth such gospel? the of any of fundagospel."the to "the said Examine be

individual, attained with the be each evidence to evidence? or organeach Can this this declaration. truth of need mental Can exchemical action? does, or faith and Can. ization, be, as case the and may for suggestions are supplied? (These be

faith action? require perimentation and Why to then the forward these temple review.)

of chemiaccept persons evidence will some funds receive receipt and a from accept evidence but cal experimentation not 26 the temple. LESSON experiment? gospel of

The Meaning of the Gospel Text: 28 of Jesus Christ. pp. 8386.A ComprehensiveTopics: The Subject.Gospel LESSON

Need, and Significance of the Gospel. The Priesthood and the Gospel

the of Divinity, Tangibleness and Leaven, of Coeternity Topics: Text: pp. 9194. ProjectWest Jordan Everlasting Gospel. Gospel. GosThe The Revelation. Priesthood, Gospel, the and the Gospel. of Effect and Reality. First Elders'T'he quorum of West Jorpel Enoch. Gospel Knowledge. The Adam's

* dan began its project in 1943 with Suggestion: Bring out the meaning of Key. The Holy Ghost: Difference Between

of the gospel, character the comprehensive of thethree Gospel. raised Sects Scope that sows, they and the The during and

interpretation Taylor's President and of it Gospel.year hogs 54 earned $930.00. and Durunite principle"to manas "adhesive an theythe year mailed 2,000 out papers in Distinguish meaning between Discuss: to kind.

the soldier spent boys; for the "revelation.""priesthood,""gospel,"$150.00 and reaccept and people Discuss: do Why is to relation each? "In the of each W'hatpapers of postage; and the gave widow "effects"faithful to the gospel? main What it I religion, will that emto say regard our their ofone her $50.00 number when individuals? the gospel had on upon has

intellitruth principle of every braces and Sixteen eldershusband passed away. the families? region? the on Basin Great on intellectual, to moral, as pertaining us gence inassisted putting of the world? a pea crop States up America? United Draw when to beings, pertaining mortal, immortal and of experiences observations the and upondeath to the of a family. came end At this to the world world come"93) (p. and difthe class. the gospel any made Hasthe year 1943 they on had $350.00, hand peculiar in truth of search has no man "A ference?4 brood feeders. 55 sows and sustain, to deto peculiar no system dogma

to uphold"theory 94). Exfend or (p. accomplished can be Think what by 27 LESSON these the parastatements and two amine all If little planning.a Melchizedek of the Gospel Nature The a them. Is obedience surrounding graphs in thepriesthood church set quorums

Is 8691. the Topics: Lord requirement? Text: gospel would necessary pp. How this establish ofan example type and

Is Eternal. Is this Gospel More Changeable? with "free agency"? The you "square"

it safeguard fundsenough and of the the Nature Testament. to obedience, use of priesthood a guide The so that Than New

they could prepare to meet emergencies the Gospel. The Gospel and Experimental free agency, to gospel truth? Discuss.

with their members, what strength would come to the priesthood.

arranging for them to perform ceretalents should be recognized and enQhwvJfL SstiwksL monies, do ward teaching, engage in couraged to assume some responsibility.

stake missionary work or assist in the Activity will create love and good fel- *""'Jh verybe bearergiven theof theopportunitypriesthood inshouldone auxiliaries.An opportunity to speak in meetlowshipice in God'sand willkingdom.open the doorMento growservway or another of participating in ings or to otherwise appear on programs through such service. They come to

church service. A list of prospects will often revive indifferent and inacappreciate the spirit and power of the

qualified for some kind of activity tive members. An alert committee is in priesthood which they hold. Meetings

should be on hand for reference, and a position to stimulate interest in doing of the church service committee should every effort should be made to utilize something in the wide field of church be held regularly and steps taken to and develop the quorum membership by service. Men with special gifts and increase activity of the membership.

312 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Aaronic Priesthood *f 3B ll> fcjJulJbBJ fcfcht jfcl mhimtL Mh i ifo afc Tfci fc Bh 3ffTHi flmbi Mh iffih fftfci Mi li m. "*-?fo qftii flft> t"Si "*- *Wn TTm Mi l Wh Mm hC****<<*<< < <<<-*<<**<<<<<

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

WARD BOY LEADERSHIP da/umic (pMfL&JJwjod. &nmv&Ma)u ffljwqJvcufL

COMMITTEE OUTLINE OF STUDY "tTTiTH the approval of the first presitively publicized by the Aaronic priestJUNE, 1944 - dency, the sacrament meeting of hood members when making the fast

Sunday, May 14, 1944, is to be set aside offering collection on the first Sunday in

Text: HOW TO WIN BOYS for the commemoration of the restoraMay.

tion of the Aaronic priesthood. Where

Chapter XVIII: How Much Stress stake quarterly conferences are being Sacrament Meeting Program

on Athletics? held on May 14, this program may be The following program is suggested

held the Sunday 14, meeting the sacrament evening preceding or for of MayQuotations from the Text: this date. following 1944, in each conducted is to be and

if aninot were boys "young 1. Now, the throughout the church under ward

it different. mals,"be quite would But Social Activities his direction of counthe bishop and

is It play! they will nature and of the selors Aaronic presidency as the program does nature, They'll both. play as The commemoration human

certainly as they eat or sleep. Nor not include the suggestion of pilgrimpriesthood. Those asked to speak on

would normal parents and boys'friends ages as in the past unless such events the program should be encouraged to have it otherwise, can be carried forward on a ward or give their talks in their own language 2. We champion church teams for the stake basis without involving too much and in keeping with their own viewcharacter-building value. Play apart travel. Full cooperation with the fedpoints as they may be directed by the

talk, oaths from and cheap play that Spirit of the Lord, rather than reading of conservation eral in the government fairness, implants sportsmanship, and them. vital is urged. If, howwar materials truthfulness cheating as against and

slipshod standards, play that is a naturever, pilgrimages to places of interest, 1. Opening song

2. or Teacher Invocation a Deacon is in keep- a real for boys! tournaments be conducted work may aldirection—thatphysical outlet with supervision and a day in community parks, or athletic Aaronic Priesthood Chorus preferSong enter teach and Further, if you boys these 3. national emergency, ing with our

Priesthood ably members Aaronic by this lives, of their physical angle you could desirable. events Such be would service 4. Sacrament firm a big grip the have and upon for Saturday, properly planned be May conducted Aaronic be by (To their lives spiritual side mental of and carthe planned 13, with and program far as possible) as Priesthood members as well.

leaders. local ried forward by 5. the of Restoration Aaronic The I 3. favor Personally church gymnasiums.

Priesthood girls that forget not mature do And detailed devivid Present a and Preparations it earlier do, to than and boys owe we scription; the congregation have girls well as as to give boys them sane be of should the preparations repeating in follow Adequate words outlets for muscles. buoyant

the as Baptist conferred he this of the success John insure to made girl fightsave or a boy by many physicalWe of the priesthood Josupon Aaron It is the during event. the year time one spirit ing their of restlessness—-due

Oliver and Smith eph Cowdery all the attention church of solely their memto of when period sane life—by or secretary the general a quorum play, is of places and recreathe wholesome bers to focused wonderful on be

10 minutes adviser tion exercise. and restoration associated events the with 6. to Blessings Priesthood's Boyhood

. 4... either the church boys'meets needs priesthood. of the the Aaronic While Priest minutes 6 or—Teacher, they are viciously to catered by to carried during program forward be—or 7. Blessings to Priesthood's Girlhood

devil. agencies the of physical The is in the outlined demeeting sacrament of corresponding woman—young isn't life the highest the in need. But 6 minutes tail, age enterthere are items which many of it stands out important. youth as Aaronic Musical by number will prising to 8. bishoprics in order plan as friends of winners and boys, We, Priesthood members interesting this meeting both and make the face frankly side of physical must instrumental or vocal educational. lives. their to 9. Blessings MotherPriesthood's

Helps for the Class Leader: The Aaronic priesthood members hood—a mother. 10 minutes

in seats choir the seated Blessings furnishing to FatherPriesthood's and 1. Discuss author's the suggestions of father. 10 minutes the chorus, in reas seated music a a 10. hood—a benefits derived athletics in from a bishopric of 11. Address member served section parof the auditorium, for church youth. program old to appeal (This should be an ticipating ushers, special as administer-

2. this are in the meeting need we to How female, be and male young, and ing acting the sacrament, as messengers church today? the of blessings for the grateful

bishopric, for the are of a the few many in faithful the 3. to priesthood athletics be and point the beyond out and Go

possible this for suggestions making its responsibilities.) advisibility discharge of of providing other wholesome social and fraternal activities. meeting the attraction it should be. 12. Closing song

This special meeting could be effec13. Benediction a Deacon or Teacher

JuachzMu'WjowjuloIa* Bishop 0. E. Pierce and

fcxhcuuL&i&jdL counselors,Ward, Mt. JordanDraperStake,Secondfete

priesthood Aaronic members of in supply for study'"Phe manuals for Standard Award Quorum is * the teachers during 1944 quorum Achievement.

exhausted. There will not be a reprint.

Where a new quorum adviser is appointed he may be able to purchase a Special guests were Bishop Marvin 0. Ashton of the presiding bishopric, Lee A. Palmer, field representative of

manual from one of the quorum memthe presiding bishopric, and Stake President Stanley A. Rasmussen, H. 0. Berrett, chairman of stake Aaronic priestbers to be used for the remainder of the hood committeeArrangementsand wereformerundermembersthe directionof the bishopric.of N. E. Garfield, Glendale Mouritsen, and Clayton Vawdry of the ward

year. boy leadership committee.

MAY, 1944 313

Ward Teaching

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

Evidences and WARD TEACHERS Reconciliations The teacher's duty is to watch over the church always, and be with and ( Concluded from page 305 strengthen them;

is neither hardness with in the church, that there see no iniquity And evil lying, other, speaking; neither backbiting, By divine revelation the tithes of the each nor

for the beneto arepeople be expended that see the church meet together often, and also see that all the And fit consisting church the of by a council their duty. C. 20:5355.) do (D. &

first of members the councilof presidency, the the twelve, and the presiding bishopric, or through their agents. (D. & C. sec- 7

tion 120.) Tithing is disbursed with l/l/ard Jeackefi ivle5Saae for /jutney 1944

scrupulous care—it is sacred. At the

general conference the president of the "THOU SHALT LOVE THY NEIGHBOR AS THYSELF"church makes a report of expenditures made from the tithing of the people. """Phou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself,"was designated by the Savior

"in the law."Let us explore as the second greatest commandment

therein. patterns suggested—/. A. W. theAconduct

The words of Jesus leave nothing to conjecture. Human behavior amply

demonstrates the fact that each living person seems interested in himself

Editorial: first of all. The pangs of hunger, winter's biting cold when the body is

inadequately clothed or housed, the aching heart, the pinch of poverty, {Concluded from page 304) quite naturally seem more severe and acute in his own person than they infrequently they have taken the time could be in his neighbor under similar circumstances. Consequently, his

to sit quietly, the radio turned off, the attention is first given to his personal discomforts and blessings. Jesus rectelephone silenced, and think themognized this human instinct and took advantage thereof in teaching man

selves into a kinship with the Eternal the full import of the second greatest commandment.

Father. It should be noted that Jesus did not condemn this in man. He recog-

A poet of olden times said: nized it as a basic pattern in human conduct. But notice how adroitly he

guarded against the development of selfishness, through the abuse of thisAs then the tulip for her morning sup human tendency, in bringing home to each of us the great lesson—"thy

Of heav'nly vintage from the soil looks neighbor as thyself."

up, shelter, clothing them, providing less fortunate neighbors, our Feeding you devoutly do the like, till Do physical comforts their of life, possible of the necessary enjoyment making heaven greatest second decree of the are commandupon mandatory us by theTo earth invert you like an empty cup. these blessings experience the spiritual and needed ment. by our But what of

Too often, mothers, caught in the neighbors if they are to be happy?

physical facts of routine living, neglect In the spiritual realm there are many more blessings to be bestowed to capture for themselves the vision of through this "thyneighbor-asthyself"attitude. Can one, enjoying member-

a new earth, created through their kinship in the kingdom of God, be a Christian at heart and not at least earnestly ship with the Creator. Lin Yutang offer the message of life and salvation to his neighbor? Can a Latterday

wrote: "Of physical hunger we know a Saint be entirely happy in the thought that he and his family shall continue

great deal; of spiritual hunger we know together forever and ever while neighbors and friends have the cloud of

next to nothing.""until death do you part"hanging over their family ties? Knowing the

This looking up to heaven will awakpenalties associated with saying "thou fool"(Matt. 5:22) in our judgment

en in mothers a spiritual hunger which of others, why do we so frequently assume to thus treat our neighbors?

both consciously and unconsciously Rejoicing over kind words spoken to us, why do we not make others happy they will impart to those who are closby thus speaking to them?

est to them in bonds of affection, even Since the heaven to which we aspire is a place where God and glorified though the actual physical separation man live together, how can we hope to enjoy this honorable estate if any may be measured by thousands of miles. of our Father's children are denied physical or spiritual blessings because of

A line in the letter, a fragment of a our neglect?

story, the mention will of a sermon—all Yes, Latterday Saints, we are required to be just as thoughtful, helpfar-distant thecarry to son or daughter

instinct ourselves. dictates as be to neighbors to our human kind we ful, andthe that knowledge mother is anchored

as this loved neighbors our be would world if we really wonderful ain her that faith, and will What assurance have tonic effect on the absent one. we love ourselves! This is as it will be in heaven. Only those who recognize the implications of the second greatest commandment, and so live while

Mothers today need to develop a in this life, will be prepared to be governed thereby in the life to come.

sane calmness that will help make their loved ones oases of serenity and security in a desert of fury. The only sure

way of accomplishing this is to keep families, will find prayer an everpresent part of the family and herself to those constantly attuned through prayer. aid. Blessed are the mothers who live principles which, revealed by a wise

Prayer becomes an antenna that assures with prayer. Father to his less knowing children, will

their communication with the Director This mother's day, in a quiet mood bring happiness on earth, and eventual of the universe. Mothers, conscious of and in a minor key, will become, if joy in the eternity on a renewed, celestheir own weaknesses, anxious for their mothers are wise, a rededication on the tialized earth.—M. C. /.

314 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA logical Society, and when received here are filed alphabetically, typed, and enin bound book form. We sometimes Genecilogy to difficulties attempting counter when

+jr *\r rjwyjrjr-r*rj'-jrrjnryyyy inscriptions. the read we urge those May

engaged in this work to use care in the

Cemetery Records ofcelltheforeverpoet, laid,Gray,the"Eachrude forefathersin his narrowof copying.record workIn everythinglet us striveconnectedfor accuracywith

the hamlet sleep."How invaluable to and completeness. Consult sexton's recBy Ellen Hill the researcher is such a record, tracing ords whenever posible. They will inAssistant Librarian, Genealogical as it does his ancestry to his second clude data not found on markers. Also

Society of Utah greatgrandparents. No doubt many his records are in most instances more

such records could be found. nearly correct than tombstone inscripmonuments importance frequently of "The tions, are as monuments for records of cemetery copying The illustration in the inscriptions and after the burial years erected and by chiefly in library has done been our use too history local be cannot accurately informed not always persons of

genealogical the comof members by these, maintained; but strongly for data. as the to

of branches in the mittees and wards events persons and many of how care has accuracy example and An recof the greater part church. the The would remembrance worthy as set a of group been The by known copied, in a been and ords have Utah and remained unknown, how have the of members Hounds, Tombstone

in Idaho, and CanWyoming, number testimonials affectionate of of many Jersey. Society Genealogical New are of the church members ada where gratitude negfilial and purfor organized the society This was

found. Pettigrew. precompiling, gathering, of regardlected?"—Thomas J. and pose

A most commendable work has been serving records. For more than twenty

for relatives and respect and [ ove in is mission the being conducted and copying cemetery years been they have -*-'manifested early friends by were field direction the geneathe of is under goal Their records. and put to copy

the erection of tombstones or monlogical supervisors. Local Saints and in order in their library the record of

uments. As these, however, only in a -nissionaries have spent long hours in all the dead in New Jersey. The majorgeneral manner gave evidence of the this activity. One shipment of inscripity of the group is made up of lawyers,

estimation with which the dead were tions recently received included 31,000 business men and women, retired bankregarded, inscriptions followed to mark names, and another 40,954. The Easters, and others who have taken up geneout and hand down to posterity the ern, Southern, Northern, and East Cenalogy as a hobby. They go to work

particulars relating to the high qualities tral States missions have been particuwith pencils, paper, trowels to uncover of the deceased. The origin and the larly active. The California, Northmarkers which have fallen over, pumice

precise period when first introduced, western States, and Texas missions to bring out the lettering on stones deand by what people are unknown. They have also contributed. Some members stroyed by weather, and mirrors to recan, however, be traced almost to the in the stakes and missions are working flect sunlight on shaded inscriptions.

beginning of the human race. In Geneindependently and have contributed Where broken stones are found, they

sis 35:20, we learn of Rachel's burial generously of their time. These rectake sufficient time carefully to fit the

place having been marked. "And Jacob ords are showing up rather conspicuousbits together to preserve the smallest

set a pillar upon her grave."At an ly in our library; eleven bound volumes item of information.

the in their history Egypperiodearly places having from various and states for reason a greater have No people Greekstians, and the the Romans, of this placed during been January year. collecting preserving than records and

pyramids, or monumounds,erected Saints, Latterday none and first records are copied on have The their same to dead. Thements mark If careful. there is a should be more printed forms, provided Geneaby the peoples. of other said becan in records cemetery your locality where

Many burial places have been on the have not been copied, we invite you to property of the family, or beside the help preserve them. To some this may

have markedtrails highways which and civilization. and A MESSAGE FOR MOTHER impressionseem needlessthat asthetheysextonare orundersuperinthe weeds, Shrubs,a new

undergrowth have grown up about the By Sylvia Probst Young tendent has a record, and that covers the graves and often obscured them from requirements. Frequently we find that

view. As towns and cities grow up and T)lease take a message to her when you no record was made of burials, or if * go. in destroyed. their old has been boundaries,spread A copy won't mistake her: she is small and made burial You generally helpful our library are sometimes is more cemeteriesplaces and sweet,

destroyed, especially if not properly And full of friendliness, and very neat; than in any other place. We serve peomarked. Our attention was called to And I have thought that she would like to ple from many states and localities.

this fact recently. The records of a cerknow Before copying a record, may we sugtain cemetery were copied for us. When About the spring this year—she loved it so. gest you consult your ward or mission

it for typing, was disthempreparing asof genealogical supervisor to work flowers her growing, try to keep Say that we errors andcovered that some inscriptions certain if the been sills, have plants the potted upon window disThe crepancies were apparent. The person, The rose beside the house, the daffodils, copied? It will prevent duplication. If

under whose direction the copying was (Although I might have guessed you would they cannot give you the information we done, returned to the cemetery to rebe knowing can. In all such activities we request

only to find it had been destroyed I'm notcheck local to superthrough your work as good at keeping flowers growyou ing.)in the meantime. visors of they so record a will have

The inscriptions, ancient or modern, And tell her that we are remembering work accomplished, and for future refher, the with hours shared books she The erence. instructions will be Forms and for invaluable sources the of oneform

read, request. supplied by us upon cognizant research. Fullygenealogical

dresses that she sewed, her The homemade fact, this to Society Genealogical of the assisted, and haveof who To all bread,

Utah has sponsored and encouraged the Such homey things as memories will bring, those who are active at present, we excopying of cemetery records for use in Yes, tell her that we are remembering. press our appreciation. We wish we

the help of library. could acknowledge compiled one each andour volume One

is glad; that are she happy; know we that contains but personally library tremenour to a bepresented would

is feel face gone, her her near the AlthoughI we in particias task generations of five dous hundreds one family,record have In that things said hold she loved and we each grave having been carefully dear. pated. The person who helps preserve

marked with names and dates. When A finer mother no one ever had, a record is himself worthy of rememnoting this, one remembers the words Please take our love to her and to our dad. brance.

MAY, 1944 315.:

US1C

You may be an experienced conductor 1. The physical conditions of the ward

The Bishop and and learned musician but you may be chapel as they affect the efficiency of the

loft, the choir the heating ventilating andHis lacking in true humility, or think you music program, such as the organ situation, Musicians are above cooperating. Perhaps your

the of building, for the choir music orand personality could improved. be you Gan etc. gan, Y. Cannon By Tracy

in the look mirror see yourself and as 2. practice will that periods Choir unthe be General Chairman of really are? Music you Or, other the on hand, interrupted. Committee are feels one you woefully lacking 3. who is chorister's to prerogative. The He

The references in the following in musical knowledge and experience? have the entire say of things musical perarticle to the relationship of bishop If you are one of these, you should not taining to the choir; the rehearsal time belongs exclusively to business and him any yourself condemn severely. too choir director organYour and and ward

transacted during rehearsal the period personality good ist counterbalance also may to situations similar apply should only his consent. done be with He, lack your of musicianship. existing auxiliary Whether presidyou between of course, should to reasonable be and open are schooled in music or not it might ing their musicians. officers and be suggestions.

Auxiliary musicians can, therefore, worth while to ask yourself a few ques- 4. Choir organizations, functions of ofadapt the suggestions to their inditions like the following ficers, choice of singers.

5. for organist. the not Music Should situations. vidual

I successfully Can inmeet and overcome the the purchase music? ward organ

differences of officers, presiding choir mem- 6. to in choir director organ organsacrament used and be The ward theiT bers, audience? and meetings has piano and * Sunday ist closest of bishop's are the two School—the I easily become discouraged? Do there. place no allies in useful maintaining the mostand I feel isn't bishop interested in Do my my 7. its singing, Congregational value and morale. asward chorister organist? work or in the place meeting. sacrament

I that there touchy are easily not and must remember offended? Am We 8. etc. peculiar Problems ward, to your

enough hours in the day and night for the bishop to give to each organization On the positive side, ask yourself: The bishop should not be burdened

the attention it deserves. He must, How can I rid myself of my weak points? with problems that can be solved withtherefore, delegate part of his authority What are my strong characteristics? out his help. But he should be acquainted

to others. He has given to you the very How may I best use my strength to overwith all phases of your work so that

important assignment of contributing in shadow my weakness? he can actively cooperate with you. He

if his can will hearty support have spiritual to the considerable you degreea last three These are the questions but his his interest to obtain his entire work and aesthetic of developmentand best it to ones is for study better to pride in and delemusical you your accomhas Since membership. heward dwell strength our on to than weep plishments. Occasional, it is wellplanned this vital to authority, togated you over our weakness.

is meetings with of best the one cultihim to success musicians asyour ward Before can carry a you workable building solid of for means foundation his will a plans to takevate him good and to plan bishop your the you study must the success of enyour musical wardfor the the of music improvement ward of resources ward. your you have Do deavors. that there undercompleteso be may a organ? good choir seats Are well your cooperationstanding him between and arranged? need you music? new Do you.and sufficient have in you singers Do your

for In these preparation meetings justify to large choir, a ward or would first the should study bishopwith you it better to be small a Afton have one? North Choir Your Wardhis his appreciaattitude music, toward to recommendations the bishop

tion the of of value understanding and the Afton North will TThen Ward chapel out of grow the to answers quessuch also his to should ward.music You dedicated 1943, in September "'was tions as these.

fairly yourself learnevaluate and how in splendid choir the accomshown Prepare complete, practical a of the plan cultivate present convincinglyto and panying photograph joyful sang andesired to your musical for the program points. plansothers strong your and thems of praise thanksgiving. and ward. sure Be anand size the physical should and upYou is director; Allred Bernice Harvey real swers a need. what you it Knowis workable want in resourcespersonnel and your ward organist; Gardner, E. Francis Winters it present and forcefully convincand definite take plan a andthen with you is choir president; Franklin and R. ingly.

recommendations bishop. Gardner, will probably to discuss You want the to gain wish You undoubtedly is in Star North Valley Ward such questions as the following with confidence,bishop's cooperation, and Stake. for this choir long, wish a AftonWe bishop: your

esteem. yourevaluate Then, why not serviceful career. happy and Alexself fairly, honestly, and impersonally? AFTON NORTH WARD CHOIR ander Schreiner.

316 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA GENERAL CONFERENCE, THURSDAY MORNING

just things, other behind the world; Cannon me among was sitting Q. HEBER J. GRANT around

I President's the heard him sepin of visiting seat, and the and the Holy Land (Continued from page 269) ulchre of jesus say to himself: "Thank God for the

post office and mailed it. He fought all While he was speaking, I took out of power of that testimony!"When I

night with himself, and got up before my pocket a Ready Reference that I heard this I remembered that I had fordaylight and went to the post office and always carried, and marked some pasgotten the sermon I had intended to degot the letter out and threw it in the sages that tell of the vicarious work for liver, and the tears gushed from my trunk also. Finally, he wrote again and the dead, of the announcement that eyes like rain, and I rested my elbows

said, "This letter will surely be mailed."Jesus went and preached to the spirits in on my knees and put my hands over my

He did mail it, and again he got up beprison, and proclaimed the gospel of face, so that the people by me could not fore daylight and started for the post Jesus Christ to them.... I intended to see that I was weeping like a child. I

office to get it out, but came to a large preach upon the fact that the Savior of knew when I heard those words of post or pole and threw his arm around the world had not only brought the George Q. Cannon that God had heard

it, and said, "I am going to stand here gospel to every soul upon the earth, and answered my prayer. I knew that

and hold on until the mail goes out,"but also that it reached back to all those my brother's heart was touched, which he did. who had died without a knowledge of

When I got his letter, instead of my it, and that they would have the priv- t DEVoted my thirty minutes almost enthis hearing it. In choosing of subtellingwriting and him to be ilege he was 1 tirely to a testimony knowledge of my

ject, I will appeal thought most What said,baptized "Fred, I wrote him and is liveSj the Christ> that that jesus God maybe now that you know there is a to my brother? Our father had died and to the wonder fui and marvelous

God and a devil, you think I will ask when Fred was six weeks old, and reallabors of the prophet Joseph Smith, you to be baptized, but as long as you png that work was being done where bearing witness to the knowledge God is, his father it seemed now to me Ilive baptized not want do to be you in iven Smith that joseph that had was me this discuss. best subject I could was theuntil faith truth in the yourself have you livof the a prophet true and very deed

of the gospel."ing God. I will not take time here to

I bought a Book of Mormon and took VS7"hen it came time for me to speak, repeat that whole sermon, but some it to my office, and I prayed to the Lord VV J remember standing here at this paragraphs from it I should like to recall that it might open to the best passage in pulpit, feeling that this was perhaps the now. I said:

the entire book for my brother. It greatest of all the great themes that we "It affords deep interest, no doubt,

opened to the 36th chapter of Alma, as Latterday Saints had to proclaim to to all the Latterday Saints who are wherein Alma tells of his going about the world. I laid the book down, here, as well as to those who are not

with the sons of Mosiah, fighting against opened at that page. I said: "I cannot members of the church,... to listen to

the church, and that he had suffered the tell you just why, but never before in all a recital that has any bearing upon the torments of the damned, but after praymy life have I desired so much the inlife and labors of our Lord and Savior ing to the Lord and becoming converted spiration of the Lord as I desire it toJesus Christ. It is a remarkable fact

to the truth he had exquisite joy, and day."I asked the people for their faith that we can never read of the labors

from that day he had labored unceasingand prayers. I prayed for the inspirawhich he performed, or listen to others

ly to bring souls to a knowledge of God. tion of the Lord, and I never thought of speaking of the great work which he

I turned that page down, and I turned the book from that minute until I sat accomplished, without taking pleasure down a page at chapter 29 wherein down thirty minutes later. I closed my in it, while on the other hand, there is

Alma says: "O that I were an angel, remarks at twelve minutes after three nothing so interesting in the life and hisand could have the wish of mine heart, o'clock, expecting that President tory of any other individual but what

that I might go forth and speak with the George Q. Cannon, who was also by hearing or reading it time and time

trump of God, with a voice to shake present, would follow me. Brother again we become tired of it. I can bear

the earth, and cry repentance unto Angus Cannon came to the upper stand, testimony, from my own experience, every people!"I felt that those two and said, "Brother George, there are that the oftener I read of the life and

comments were the best in the whole fortyeight minutes left for you; will labors of our Lord and Savior Jesus

book for my brother, and I thanked the you occupy the rest of the time?"Christ the greater are the joy, the peace,

Lord that the book had opened to the Brother George Cannon declined, and the happiness, the satisfaction that fill 36th chapter of Alma, and for promptindicating that he thought it would be a my soul in contemplating what he did.

ing me also to think of the 29th chapter, good time to close the meeting. But "It is also a source of unbounded joy

When, after this, I saw Fred for the Brother Angus refused to take "No"to me and fills my heart beyond my first time in this building, and realized for an answer, and said: "I am not power of expression to contemplate the

that he was seeking God for light and going to waste threequarters of an fact that God our Heavenly Father and knowledge regarding the divinity of this hour. If you don't speak, I shall call on our Lord Jesus Christ have visited the

work, I bowed my head and I prayed somebody else to occupy the balance of earth and again revealed the gospel to that if I were requested to address the the time."man; and it fills me with thanksgiving

audience, the Lord would inspire me Brother Cannon said, finally: "All and gratitude, far beyond my power to

by the revelation of his Spirit, to speak right, I will say something."And he tell, that he has blessed me with a knowlin such manner that my brother would arose and said in substance: edge of the divinity of the work in

have to acknowledge to me that I had "There are times when the Lord Alwhich we are engaged. The Lord in this

spoken beyond my natural ability, that mighty inspires some speaker by the regard has been no respecter of per-

I had been inspired of the Lord. revelations of his, Spirit, and he is so sons. The humble, the poor, the un-

I realized that if he made that conabundantly blessed by the inspiration learned ( so far as the education of this fession, then I should be able to point of the living God that it is a mistake for world is concerned ) have been as out to him that God had given him a anybody else to speak following him, abundantly blessed of God with this testestimony of the divinity of this work. and one of those occasions has been timony as those that have had more

President Angus M. Cannon, who today in the address of Brother Grant, abundantly of the things of this world,

was presiding at the meeting, came to and I therefore ask President Angus We find people that have been gathered me and said: "Brother Milton Bennion Cannon to call on someone to offer the from all the nations of the earth, in fulis here and has been invited to speak, benediction, after the choir has sung, filment of the prophecies that were utbut he can come some other day."and dismiss the meeting."Of course tered thousands of years ago, that the

I said: "I never speak long. Let Brother Angus could do nothing else. Saints should be brought to the tops of

Brother Bennion take all the time he When I sat down after my talk, I the mountains and that the Lord would needs and I will take what time is left."remembered that my book was still lyestablish his work here; and this people

Brother Bennion told of his visit ing open on the pulpit. President George [Continued on page 318)

MAY, 1944 317... the book, Figures of GENERAL CONFERENCE HEBER J. GRANT reminded of the Past, written by Josiah Quincy, who

(Continued from page 317) was a statesman and a philanthropist.

ability. natural your spoke You beyond it In the the following statement: of testimony was a with blessed are

the inspired Lord."of These were were are they in which the of divinity work

I the uttered identical the had words is "It that improbable means some by no. face.. the upon power engaged. No the in for to future the Lord! prayer use before, of generations textbook day my all the of the earth, wisdom not the of will contain yet question unborn a something still I praying said to him, "Are you ever have could combined,wise men like this: historical the of American What for of the gospel?"testimony a of the souls the hearts and theunited exerted nineteenth century the has most

Latterday Saints as God has united powerful influence upon the destinies of his He said, "Yes, and I am going nearly them.... countrymen? And it is by no means imwild."

that possible interto that the answer St. in visiting I George was "While I I about did asked, preach "What

written: rogatory thus be Joseph may the of president the talking withand yesterday?"Smith, the Prophet. Mormon forcibly I of Zion, was St. Stake George replied, you what "You know He in the faith burns that the ofreminded "... about."Saints preached seen Latterday have The Saints. was He the Latterday ofhearts that the scores uttered of he prophecies I tell said, me.""Well, you he and experience, early his ofspeaking letter. fulfilled to the very Everybody the divine mispreached upon President "You Young that onetold day me his into that presence imcame was sion Smith."within the Prophet of Joseph McArthur, 'Brother him, tosaid

spirit influence pressed the with and on to I prepare go to I I wish youten days inspired beanswered, "And was are the manifested. he which men Many I expect you and Europe, to I mission ability;a natural never and yond my I ridiculed that the have met have whom seven perhaps for four and absentto be at time have before any spoke you late Prophet Young, Brigham have and told that he was veryyears.'day I The yesterday. as spoke heard me, Do to such to persuaded with go men Ime born, child and a he had getto ready get to club the a expect and Lord you him, invariably they meet and have child the was returned home he testiwhen knock more down? you What inspired from meeting him come away age. of years fourover of gospel the of want do you mony for a with the reverence man, because not did mission his he going "In upon that bespeaks Christ than a Jesus man Spirit the of surrounded him day God

..., sold some he but the means abilityhave his the natural under and yond I tell it is inthat day. the by by you four or three that worth testifiesproperty was of inspiration he of God, when spiration of the not God, and by power for to get able as he astimes was much the of divine mission Prophet the Josof that Smith, that man, BrigJoseph it after, fact,it; in months few some Smith?"eph that that Taylor, Young, ham John times four about for handschanged

to able Wilford been to applied have next Woodruff he Sabbath me The it for. sold made he than what Hemore unite the hearts the of Saints Latterday for baptism. dollar of sacrifice, one withoutthis and

establish to build the and and church up the of nations the to he wentreward Christ. of light the Jesus and Without life his of four to Enduring years the spent Endearth and

the Spirit the of guidance the of God that declaring gospel, theproclaiming earth of not could on the work has Father promour Heavenly /*od God flying through that seenthe angel was it succeed; to crumble would and go to faithful are ised those that who s'everlastthe having of heaventhe midst

... in his shall kingdom. saved the be end that dwelt pieces. preach to to them gospeling

on the earth had come, and that Joseph "I want to say to the Latterday It fills my heart with unspeakable joy

Smith was a prophet of God who testiSaints that it behooves us, having rewhen I see the aged veterans stand up fied of this. ceived a testimony of the divinity of and bear their testimonies to the truth

"Brother McArthur told me of many the work in which we are engaged, so of the gospel.... I rejoice also when

incidents of his mission that were truly to order our lives from day to day that I see the youth of Israel in the line of remarkable. Among other things, he glory shall be brought to the work of duty, the sons and grandsons of those

said the Prophet Joseph Smith visited God by the good deeds, that we perwho have labored energetically for the him while he was on this mission. And form, so letting our light shine that men, advancement of this kingdom. It fills my

I say to you today that... thousands, seeing our good deeds, shall glorify heart with gratitude and thanksgiving

yes, tens of thousands of men and womGod. No people upon the face of the that the testimony of the Holy Ghost

en will stand up and testify, as Brother earth have been blessed as have the does abide in the sons and daughters of

McArthur did to me, that God our Latterday Saints; no people have ever those who have been faithful to the

Heavenly Father has blessed them, that had the many manifestations of the cause of God.

he has given them manifestations of his kindness and mercy and longsuffering But there is nothing that is more sorapproval of their labors which have of God that have been bestowed upon rowful, nothing that brings greater rebeen inspired by the Holy Ghost; and us, and I say we, above all men and gret to my heart, than to see the sons

they will, in all solemnity and without women upon the earth should live Godand daughters of those who have been any excitement, testify to you that they like and upright lives. That God may faithful turn away from the gospel of

to us if are help that believe that as Latterbut I they for themselves we tt do so, is my prayer and myJ Christ,do know

... desire.1... arise in will the in might the and day Saints work of God.engaged

"More than once I have heard Presimajesty of our calling, arise in the testident Wilford Woodruff say, in private mony of Jesus Christ that burns in our and public, that he has listened to the HPhis, in brief, in spirit and in subhearts, and do our duty and keep the

Prophet Joseph Smith stating to them stance, is what I preached to my commandments of God our Heavenly the fact that the Latterday Saints brother under the inspiration of the Father as we should keep them, and would yet come to the valleys of the spirit of the Lord, in this tabernacle, on set examples before our children that

Rocky Mountains and become a great January 26, 1896. I was then thirtyare worthy of imitation, few of them

and a prosperous people. We stand tonine years of age. will turn away from the path of right.

day as a living evidence to the world of The next morning, my brother came Go where you will among the elders the divinity of the mission of the Prophinto my office and said, "Heber, I was of Israel, travel from one end of the et Joseph Smith. Why? Because our at a meeting yesterday and heard you church to the other, and you will find

very presence in these mountains is a preach."a testimony burning in the hearts of the

fulfilment of the predictions of that in- I said, "The first time you ever heard Latterday Saints that this is the work spired man.... I stand before you today your brother preach, I guess?"of Almighty God and that his Son Jesus

a mere boy, and yet Joseph Smith was "Oh, no,"he said, "I have heard you Christ has established it. You find this

martyred when he was a year younger many times. I generally come in late testimony, you hear it borne, but do we

than I am.,.. When we contemplate and go into the gallery. I often go out always live the lives of Latterday

what he did... it is indeed a marvel before the meeting is over. But you Saints? Do we live as we should live,

and a wonder. In speaking of this I am never spoke as you did yesterday. You considering the great testimony that has

318 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A

THURSDAY MORNING above. No individual who is humble anew the hand of fellowship.

and prayerful before God and suppli- I pray for righteous men everywhere.

all light the children are for cates of and worthy every him God's day who To keep us? given untobeen we Do blessings, will Spirit called such, I send ever of his to be Holy my

to as do?commandments we ought Wehis inspiration all lifted his children of are Father the for our pride in of the up become we

reputation, the shoulderscarry upon our blessings, his heirs feel in heart, intelligence to that heaven, or the and and so that to our faithfulness and obedito speak, of the church, every one the he possesses are allaccording wisdom of us. ence. sufficient him. for

realize I look around and how When of those wonderhave been Pray always, that you may come off con- I pray for the sorrowing, for the bewhomany fully blessed of the Lord have fallen by queror; yea, that you may conquer Satan, reaved, for the oppressed that they shall

the wayside, it fills me with humility. It and that you may escape the hands of the be comforted.

of Satan that do uphold his work. needs today more the worldfills What of the spirit and servants meekness with me

10:5.) (D. & C. faith in else is than anything an implicit that desire earnestwith an I may ever

seek to the mind know and the will of I come.Pray always,(D. & C.that88:126.)ye may not faint, until hisGod,Son,ourasFather,the redeemerand in ofJesusthe Christ,world. to keep his commandments andGod

of of the Church Jesus The messagerather than to follow out my own deto the Our Young Men in Service Christ Saints of Latterday worldsires.

is is lives, his that that Christ Jesus God fifty thousand fortyfive and "D etween that they to Son, the and appeared boy, Sinner Repentant The *-* this are church of the of young men Smith, that promised him and he Joseph retheir of the uniforms wearing is now is that in the nothing worldHPhere in instrument should of the be hands an are of countries. them spective A Some our in to than splendid have more restoring the in gospel of the Lord are of them thousands today, here and if sinner forgive the desire tohearts a I this in Christ dispensation. leave Jesus

I lands. in far fronts scattered many on I say, repents. to only do But wanthe all this as to witness the testimony a feel will that every pray boy and hope if not sinner forgive doesnot the he I it in the world, of and him do name is "I to his what heart: in know want a this that shallrepent. ye "By know is, this the even whose Jesus Lord work holy, and clean right pure and and and his that confesses he repented, hasman Christ. Amen.

I every to help want me."I want God it, is guiltysin no forsakes and and

more."It is up to the Lord, however, Latterday Saint soldier to get down on

help to him his and pray knees God sins their unless confess theyand we ALBERT SMITH to GEORGE life, the gosto preach lead and a clean forgive, to but obligedare not when ( Continued from page 27 ) lives. is the he he pel wherever way by it is truly of repent, reallythey one and

the obligations that rest upon us to forThere are no sins charged to our aclisten, at least many of them, to his wise give those who have sinned. count because we are tempted, provided counsel; and if they had observed to

The devil is ready to blind our eyes we shall resist the temptation. But we keep that commandment, to honor the

with the things of this world, and he have no right to go near temptation, or Sabbath day and keep it holy all through would gladly rob us of eternal life, the in fact to do or say anything that we the ages, there would be an entirely greatest of all gifts. But it is not given cannot honestly ask the blessing of the different condition in the world today.

visit place neither to any upon; Lord will devil,to ever be the power no and of happiness There no worthy was take to ashamed be where would we Latterto to overthrowgiven him any violating that resulted which from name sister sweetheart. or good The our is that keeping the Saint commandday in the day, of time the Sabbath Moses, will onto devthe Spirit us go not with is given ofments no God. There power to there to and say I want is no you il's standing alone are ground, and if we deto to souls the of men's adversary for violate happiness us now, when we to the adversary belonging ground upon if If duty. are doingstroy us our we we the day. Sabbath the souls, power he of have men's may honestare absolutely with not God,

can't us. trip to us destroy and We let the barsthen then have down, we we father that thy thy mother: and Honour clean things dirty and keep handle fortifications the of partdestroyed by thy long the be land which upon days may life. is valuable than hands. Virtue more devil protected, the arewhich and we the thee. giveth thy Lord God

I our bless the to you, pray Lord in. lost ever But has no come manmaythe testimony of the gospel, no man has young men in the armed forces of the "Honor thy father and thy mother—

ever turned to the right or to the left, world, that our Heavenly Father will you men here, most of you, are fathers, who had the knowledge of the truth, be with you to sustain you and to inand you know what it means to have who was attending to his duties, who crease your faith day by day; that you a child respect you and honor you in

was keeping the Word of Wisdom, who may be preserved in your trials, your your place as head of the household.

was paying his tithing, who was rehardships, your suffering, with strength Our Heavenly Father is just as pleased sponding to the calls and duties of his to face the eventualities of each day with us when we honor him.

that the the Lord, assurance with andoffice in the calling church. and

kill."the of shalt not Think "Thou in his will bring your way God, own askare are forever There some who

is in as the a today that distress world to everlasting time compensations and theing of to what wants Lord know that of advice violation the of of in result sacrifices, for as your walk you you hesitating to onthem, be and seem who peoFather. Millions of our Heavenly live that lives his conform and ways Ithat conaccount. thoroughly am milinvolved, ple being are and many bear. the priesthood with you all that of thevinced you wants Lord

rethe suffer as lions to are more made I children, the for the wives, pray of other or orand any woman man me life in of sult destruction of the human of these fathers the mothers men and is forin us to perform our the church of the commandment, "Thou their the violation are countries servingfull duty and keep the commandments who shalt not kill."over, that they be sustained world mayof God.

in their waiting, that their anxious fears "Thou shalt not commit adultery."

quieted, that comfort be and asmay in all distresses the greatest the One of Pray Always into their lives. surance come may afflicts that is the disease today world

I pray for peace; for wisdom, reverthe human family as a result of imAne of the requirements made of the

Latterday Saints is that they shall ence and humility on the part of the morality. There isn't anything that will

be faithful in attending to their prayers, leaders of nations; for repentance, and destroy a man's selfrespect like abusboth their secret and family prayers. a turning of the ways of righteousness ing himself and defiling his body by beThe object that our Heavenly Father on the part of all men. coming immoral. Our Heavenly Father

has in requiring this is that we may be I pray for the Latterday Saints in did not place us in a position where we in communication with him, and that we all nations, at home and abroad, and on could not help ourselves. He gave us

may have a channel open between us the islands of the sea; I pray that they our agency in all these things, and for

and the heavens whereby we can bring may have the strength and the faith the observing of his counsel, he gave to down upon ourselves blessings from to live righteously, and I extend to them (Continued on page 320)

MAY, 1944 319 shalt love thy Testaments—-"Thou GENERAL CONFERENCE GEORGE ALBERT SMITH New

inall other neighbor as thyself,"and (Continued from page 319) spired advice intended to make men in revealed the He Wisdom Word of addition to gave us which heus a promise, and that promise was haphappy—in with the our of promise day health and that is referred another lawpiness. in our day

life long happiness oband would if we It of to as the seems a Wisdom. Word think steal."of shalt Just not "Thou

it. brethren, serve cannot Now, we I simple never but law, have known is in the theft, thatthe the dishonesty,

if Father are blame our Heavenly we result that of as a happy anybody was belongs that whichworld today—taking to not happy. blame have nobody it. violating We his permission. neighbor without a

ourselves. but

in the that United understand that should says nottoWe Lord The we

States alone there are organized bands use hot or strong drinks. He tells us I can say to you that if we have the

of marauders and thieves that number that tobacco is not good for us. He adspirit of the Lord burning in our soulshundreds of thousands, feeling that they vises us against the using of these things, we cannot be unhappy. We read

can do just as they please. The remarkand tells us that we should use grain for in Job that there is a spirit in man,

able thing is that the man who steals food and even tells us the kind of grain and the inspiration of the Almighty never receives any happiness as a result that is best for us. He tells us that there giveth him understanding. If we keep

of his theft. He loses his own selfare some things that are better than oththe commandments of God, we are enrespect, he loses the respect of his ers. He tells us to use meat only spartitled to that inspiration, and if we live

neighbors, and brings upon himself the ingly, and he gives us the privilege of as the sons of God ought to live, we displeasure of our Heavenly Father, having all wholesome herbs and fruits will have that inspiration, and nobody who makes it possible for all of us to as part of our diet and promises us, can prevent it, and the result will be our live without stealing, if we will. with the use of these things, happiness. own physical and mental and moral deThou shalt not bear false witness against He warns us against the use of velopmentdevelopmentin throughoutmortality, andthecontinuedages of

thy neighbour. strong drinks and tobacco. Last eternity.

year, this state that we live in, violated

Think of the sorrow and distress in that commandment of God to the exSo I am asking today that we examine the world, as a result of men and womtent of over $22,000,000. Yet, we, ourselves. Let us set our own homes

en gossiping about their neighbors, tesmany of us, belong to the Church of in order. Are we observing the teachtifying to things, or referring to things Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. ings of our Heavenly Father, or are we

up, sayand setting judgment true, ourthat are that not implying they own and that of not to one say penny I want please"? ing, as true. The doare "We'll get never they But we hapany these for that that used $22,000,000 was

it. so without thatpiness much out world of gosnever da a may You saw things has Father that our Heavenly

I it cannot criticism, to life but me;sip in seems that your happy. was He us, said for are not produced has good receivedis have just understand we, as miserable unhappy as who how and it has the happiness. contrary any On

I that. blessings, all candevil canthe the do so of course many time—and the misery, sorrow, and and produced

satisfied is with be see in is can not Satan'she how we company he when it is it that part unfortunate not only of if, mistake, a ourselves hisgossiping when make neighbors. about we it in also mortality, applies us to but

it just correct as posas soon not do we in will cases sorrow mean many is of transgressions the This that I one will sible. of us that sure most am eternity. of ages the throughoutthe particularly, points out Lord to and mistakes, not but need do make we

we ought to be very careful. If we state So, my brethren, how blessed we are go on making mistakes. I remember my

anything, it should be the truth. We if we are living under the influences own father saying to me when I was

should never testify to anything that is that God intended we should live under. a child: "My son, you will go out into

untrue. And if we are truthful always, If we keep his commandments we the world, and every once in a while

our Heavenly Father has assured us are making progress, and developyou will stub your toe and fall down;

happiness. ment is sure to follow. But if we fail to but for goodness'sake, do not stub your

if his advice, refuse take to accept in place."the toe we twice same

shalt not thy covet neighbour's Thou his will in counsel, the then be wehouse, shalt thou covet thy not neighbour's I that of a thought good have many rest condition as the the of same worldwife, his his nor manservant, nor maidserv- I a mistake times. have made When I say, "ripe soon, for are to be who mayant, his ass, ox, thing his nor nor nor any

it, I I tried have found have and made destruction,"unless repent; they and isthat neighbour's. thy

unless we repent of the wrongs that we to avoid it in the future. Insofar as I

Some people are never satisfied do, some of us will be very remorseful have done that, I have had happiness. I

with what they themselves possess, when we analyze the situation and exmay say to you all the unhappiness I but they want something that somebody amine ourselves to find we are justifyhave known in the world has been the else possesses, and if they cannot obing ourselves because we are like the result of a failure to measure up in taktain it in any other way, they will obworld. ing advice from our Heavenly Fathertain it by foul means. But it does not and living it—all of it. It may not have

it transgression; been have own may my in happiness.result the the upon Savior was when Mow, the transgressions others of been some *"time, of he in the meridian earth I brethren, passing, in to say want my I that love, but has unhappiness always should disciples his they what Iif think to happy, and be want we taught we violating followed the our advice of rightof to do, exhorted works them all must conform to happy, be want we Father. Heavenly the eousness, pathway marked and lives counsels the to of our wiseour

Heavenly Father, who gave these Ten that would lead them into his presence priestbrethren the celestial hold did "VTou in only the ancient to Israel, and kingdom—notCommandments

his children in the here. advise are A hood. Old he That is why you Isare binding modernday uponthey

rael, just the same. World, but he came over into this You are here because you have rewestern hemisphere and taught the ceived a special gift from our Heavenly

people the same things here. Why? Father. You are here because the hands

fTTHEN he gave us another commandBecause he wanted them to be happy; of the servants of God have been laid

ment that has a great influence upon he wanted them to utilize their time upon your heads and you have been the happiness of our lives. I should like upon the earth to their advantage and given a divine calling and an opportuto refer just briefly to this. not waste it. He came down from nity, and in addition to that you have

The world is not responsible to the heaven, and they saw him coming out been given all the advice that anybody

Lord for what I am about to read you, of heaven. He gave them counsel and has had in all the world to make us hapbut we are, because he gave it to us in advice that is contained in the Book of py. Our Heavenly Father loves us,

addition to all the other commandments Mormon, some of which is also conand he loves our lives when they conthat have been given us in the Old and tained in the Old and New Testaments. form to his teachings.

320 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THURSDAY AFTERNOON preached the gospel of Jesus Christ from This suggests service to others and this pulpit, who have long since passed labor for self. But there is no excellence

to their reward, and realize that in the of service without labor.

Today in the midst of the confunot far distant future every one of us sion let us exists in the world, that will are here record, face our whatnot who that wants a garden fair, The man lead thefollow adversary who would be. feeling that ever and it may small With big, or very One

us into bypaths. Rather let us plant our that assurance, let us set our own homes With flowers growing here and there,

feet upon the highway that leads to in order and our lives, and be rich in Must bend his back and dig.

happiness and the celestial kingdom, not the companionship of the spirit of God, The things are very few in life, just occasionally, but every day, and for the only pathway of happiness is That wishes can attain.

of any want worth we if will stayevery hour, because on we the righteousness of that pathway to gain. got will WhateverWe've to work if line, will reside of thethe Lord's we in eventually celestial terminate the It matters not goal seek, what we influence the under ourmain of Heavenin the kingdom, presence of our HeavenIts secret here reposes,

ly Father, the adversary cannot even ly Father, with the good men and womWe've got to work from week to week, tempts us. But if we go into the devil's en who have lived upon the earth from To get results or roses.

territory where drinking, smoking, cathe beginning. I bear you that witness,

lyingrousing, immorality, and stealing in the name of Jesus Christ our Lord. I gospel, knowledge of the have The

willpredominate, be and unhappy we Amen. I the its testimony and truth of have

that will the increase as unhappiness saving and power, appreciamake my by,years of unless repent our go we it tion for love and to beyond power my to turn the Lord. sins and express. in that the I do know work F. RICHARDS GEORGE

we, Saints, which are as Latterday in traveled approxthe world I have (Concluded from page 275) is the engaged the work of the Lord, million miles,imately a minin my istry. I have been in many lands all things, whatsoever shall be entrusted to plan of the Gods for the existence of

and climes, and I have met many peohis care. (D. & C. 12:8.) the earth, and of man upon the earth,

ple. I have never known anybody who for their glory and for man's exaltation,had real happiness in his life except on We are rich in a knowledge of the through obedience unto the laws and

the score that he was keeping the comthings of the kingdom of God. All about ordinances of the gospel, and through

mandments of God as far as he was jectus arepoverty,men andpertainingwomen towhoa knowledgeare in abtheJesusatonementChrist. Hisofisourthe Lordonly nameand Saviorunderable.

of the gospel. heaven by which man may be saved in

to happy. be want want Now, we the of We kingdom God. can no And man not to in do want the be same We let If toour do, be happy. homes we in be the saved kingdom of except God class with the rich who, through manthem abiding prayer, of the place be believe he the on of Christ name Jesus his of poor neighbor, Lazarus,thanksgiving, gratitude. and a neglect Ask in efficacy the his of and atoning blood. found in himself hell torment. andblessing the upon parfood when we

In I a most solemn manner, bear it.take of Fathers, kind to be wives and of the members As church are we to testimony you that my God children, children and kind to be mother under obligation to respond to every the eternal his Father and Jesus Son father.and "Love another."one call Honor that be us may made those upon by Christ did reveal themselves to Joseph fatherthy and thy mother."in are authority. who has Lord The Smith, raised to the whom be God up

said, "Whether by mine or I voice feel own grateful very that the has Lord mighty last prophet of the days. That the voice it by of is servants, the mymade capable of understanding me the some Prophet as Joseph, instrument an same."(D. C. 1:38.) & And things. when I theseof we grateful that in the am the hands of God, the accomplished'call, accept a should that regard weinspiration of the Almighty has taken of establishing work the church and acceptance as solemn a covenant our onpossession of sufficiently I that me have of kingdom earth, reof on God and part to that calling. magnify inunderstanding to regard these things, storing the in its gospel fulness, foland

hasand given he you the same in opporlowing the footsteps of the Savior, Should called be to we not any partunity, it. and have you enjoyed sealed his testimony his with blood. office, ticular will have we opample

to. portunity in this labor conference and Today good, do the and and That Brigham legal his Young was assist in savingmeetings that souls, follow, the are imporhere most we lawful and successor, as president of

tant into work wait the a upon which Lord. All person the adbe can the of Church Christ Jesus of Latterengaged.vice in the recorded scriptures have we Saints. day that those sucAnd who

to;access calls and then he us together, to ceeded the presidency, to and down

us, advisesand the under influence of it is For behold, I not that meet should including the present president—Heber his spirit, to is thing the all in right. do that things; is for command that he combeen led of men God Grant—have pelled all in things, is the slothful do us what we he to same wantsWhen do, and directed J.and in their him by ministerial not a wise servant; wherefore receiveth he will injure neverwe living any soul. labors, so that the has work progressed reward. I no Verily say, should anxbe men will helpful always to be them, andWe it and prospered, will and continue so iously in engaged a cause, good and do will their enrich liveswe as well as our until to the do shall Savior come, things their of and free will, many bring own andown. the to this pass kingdoms of shall righteousness; much the beworld For power

I know that God lives; I know that is in them, wherein they are agents unto come the kingdoms of our Lord, and

themselves. inasmuch as And good men do shall he is dwell personally I theJesus Christ; earth, the upon that know Joseph

shall they in their lose nowise reward. But rule and is as king of kings Smith of of a prophet and living the Lord God, that he doeth until not is anything he comforever. Lordsand thankful to lived in I am have a day manded, and receiveth with a commandment

of the these world things when were heart, doubtful and keepeth it slothwith is This testimony faithful true and the untomade children known fulness, the of men. same is damned. (D. 58: & C. it I bear and to all to you and the world thankful to forebears I am that they 2629.) my in the of Christ. Jesus name Amen.accepted it the gospel and possible made

shelving is no of a for me to partake of its blessings if I HPhere good manwill.

in this LEVI EDGAR YOUNG church. the responWith

the That Lord his blessing, sibility may add individual of missionary work, {Continued from page 294)that continue faithful, may we genealogical and and of temple work that we may love one another, remembering staring one in the face, he need have to cultivate the mind, for "a great soul those who have been our associates beno other calling to occupy his time and is strong to live as well as strong to fore, who have been faithful and have his efforts to do good, to please the think."The Prophet founded schools

passed on I humbly pray. As I stand Lord, and to work out his own salvaand the University of Nauvoo.

here I think of the men who have tion. ( Continued on page 322

MAY, 1944 321 lie relief, light thus a and become unto GENERAL CONFERENCE nations. LEVI EDGAR YOUNG the to the an ensign world and

{Continued from page 321) I am sure the Lord will provide the rebless will that the the Lord pray good this faith to of the sources through is Price do of Great Pearl the there Then for their preside people over you whom Saints. the Latterday Articles beautifulin find the which you integrity, in the Christ. of Jesus name

is so negthis Faith.of book Why Amen.

I is It perfectlected, a not know. do I like to a few would add

it in as truth, ofreservoir and practical phases the thoughts on XTow, I all mentioned,in others the have we

I I tithing. of that to you want know directly, beandcan read about God in believe to the reward has Lord mind L his RICHARD holy words. deeply moved bycome for Saint every adequately Latterday

is proverb Arabian an whichThere his third faithfulness In of the chapter fig fig tree, lookingsays: a upon "A to the promises rebuke Malachi Lord EVANS fruitful."tree, becometh we When the of the devourer open and windows let Articles us of speakrecite Faith the the First the Seventy Council of Of heaven. promise! marvelous a What souls, particularthe of our depthsfrom

their in disputations to he answer Then bethely repeat words: when we "We the at delivered Thursday Address tells that will prepare he them a book Father; inlieve the Eternal and God, 114th the session afternoon of of to remembrance he and comes when

in the Christ;in Son, and Jesus His Holy conference, general annual his shall claim jewels "then return ye for to holy booksGhost."our go the in 6, 1944, April We discern that serveth and him between

life, lifelife, for for keener and more Tabernacle that serveth not."and him him God

itlife into crystallizes higher as and

I rein stake of a Zion was When create significance. withindeeper They I feel Richards, following Bishop cently, a brother ques- a asked good me

truth, absolute beauty, ofus sense a still voice. like small very a much IN tion tithing. said, about paying "I He to impart us the goodness.and They of the [Laughter.] days Before tithing I that pay which on draw my truth.spirit learning of and and wisdom syspublic address and microphones live of out business Is to on. that my

tell to us must which goThey way we so not tems, as such voices mine were I I right?"said, as able to "Well,"am faith leadsfind us our our by who God this, as such audiences easily heard by lines, read the "I between imwould

life. of the unity perfect theto I May very and am agine that have accumulated you an

all us bless help daily us to andGod grateful for estate least at worth or a a hundred

I in truths, his great askunderstand the mechanififty dollars."hundred thousand He Christ.the of Jesus Amen. name cal that help said, I right, said, are Bishop.""You

"And that to date is untithed. If you makes it posLEGRAND RICHARDS passwere thatto dieestatetonight,on towouldyouryouwifelikeandto besible heardfor us byto

(Concluded from page 295) children knowing that you had never great numbers tithed it?"He said, "I never thought of and in far

great help meet,to which will be a to it quite that way before."places.

in theirthe missionaries work. Some- I can think

times I feel that the development of the We have many inquiries at our ofof no greater radio is primarily to make possible the fice, constantly, about the matter of deprivilege in preaching of the gospel to every nation, ducting taxes, income taxes, etc., before life, brethren,

kindred, tongue, and people before the paying tithing, and we are told that in than to find to Saints are the cases advised some as the prophets have shall come,end do RICHARD L. EVANS fellowship

bishtheir bishops. the I think by I believe.declared. Savior the must this, with such men

liberal being pretty are with ops this visualized he declaredhave when I of no greater can think the as you, and different Lord's money. are no Taxes should proclaimedthe message be from unhappiness of source or tragedy

the housetops. This is our responsibilfrom what they have always been exthan, having found such fellowship,

in of fail. andity, payment. manner amount the not church must and it. I love of deprived to be my

to never our expected have pay ceptWe I I go that could is brethren; great the there temple and know work Then tenth. taxes of Lord's the out That authorigeneral of the brethren is to as church.of the have, you know, my We in investing seare the future what we last in man, ties church, the the to in ofrecently a completed temple Idaho curity liberty the of and freedom and

I that find would for need, of timeFalls and land have acquired any and two great in nation privileged are which we with or in empty in California. departtemples emptyhanded not Europe While live to are the while our out boys on in I will I the that time heart. comeyears ago, President F. heard hope Joseph

battlefield.

this tell church of priesthood Saints the there the that quorum everySmith day would come when temples of the living For some time I have felt that some when every member of every priestGod would dot that whole land of Eufarmers do not figure their tithing the hood quorum can feel that same assurrope; and I look to see, through the way I think it should be figured. One ance concerning his own needs, spiritutithes of the faithful Latterday Saints, good farmer said to me, "Bishop, I know al and otherwise. It is a great source

temples erected all over this world just how to figure my tithing. I have a of strength and satisfaction and happiwhere the Saints of God are gathered. jar in my kitchen cabinet and every time ness, and assurance in life.

I sell I it anything in tenth put the a of

I other the great of one of with proceed Before achievements Another

I jar, it I for said, then tithing."pay

I it I like its extothe church, causing that should to have, thought beauput on all "Is that said, pay?"you "Yes, Hetiful Brother for personal garments, the press welfare regard program my isn't I that said, enough?""Well,"thisof Petersen, the church. been has a day long have come Mark who isWe "your brother lives here up a few who

I the in in of production council our the called program, to place a dareway miles earns a dollars hundred a month

It privilege farther and thansay twelve. has been much anhad many my tithing; dollars and ten pays his he buysticipated. President for to responsibility that time Clark have made some my groceries, his milk, his his meat, and thisclear in his in report of both morning. course In the business a with him eggs the with left has he after money

I in officialwelfare meeting of duties, the stakes always one of our have and his tithing. paying not Should farmer arecently, the president to in of stake satisfaction the approaches found my figure his tithing all he on consumes and to said,turned "Bishop, there and him, encountered always any and me have day his surplus his the and gain of land?"treble to fairness, our assignment, quiet safe want confidenceyou and a and we

will accept it and deliver it to you."I pray God to bless you, brethren. I judgment. And I subscribe to Brother

Such a spirit as this should enable us to am proud of your faith. I think it is Young's statement concerning him,

care for all our worthy members, and marvelous in the sight of the Lord, and pertaining to his gentlemanly characterto remove them from all forms of pub- I leave you my love and blessing and istics on all occasions.

322 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a:

THURSDAY AFTERNOON them and that they are entitled to have, of our debts; that is an obligation the

thousands of them would now have left Lord has placed upon the church, and running thought has a beenrpHERE those homes without any foundation more particularly upon the quorums of feet. yet their the to church, place priesthood of the and which on * phases or mind, through one two my I will soul. this long to belongs obligation every not the war do know how

like here to mentionof I should which I It of last, of anyone every is the duty not do member who and know today. does know. There are predictions exthis church to preach the gospel by

War, of necessity, changes many tant, from a few weeks to several years. precept and by example. Brother

things. "Business as usual,"is someBut, regardless of its length, I do know George F. Richards quoted from the

thing that cannot be expected. Nor can that this is one of the responsibilities scriptures this morning, where the Lord

we expect "life as usual."War may that war cannot and must not change—said it is our duty to warn the world,

necessarily, of thechange, many so the responsibilities of every person duty and it is to our habits our children—so especially material of aof our living, his neighbor, that to that and if he they must warned warn when the time comes

nature. leave us, for any cause whatsoever, they will warn the neighbors, then they are

But I should like to say this here towill have that which will give them a left without excuse, and their blood is day, with the best language that I can fixed standard in life, a spiritual and upon their own heads. It is our mission

command: that war does not, and must moral foundation on which to rest their to warn. That is one of our obligations,

not, cannot, fundamentals. change and

it thing, does notFor one change our companyfeet, no matterthey wherefind themselves.they go or in what andI havewe owealreadythis debtcalledtoattentionthe world.to the

obligation to be bearers of the message Another thing that war does not fact how we are indebted to the Lord of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. change is moral law, nor the evils and Jesus Christ. I want to say a little more

F. alreadyBrother Richards has George it. if go, that about the disregardconsequences follow we are attending We

this, likeofreferred phases to some is duties, to service the sacrament our only ing of moral law. There one set to

wise his son, Bishop Richards, at this of rules pertaining to the personal conevery Sunday; we partake of the bread

session. duct of the children of our Father in representing the broken body of our

I If I think mistaken, not Brother am If in redrink right the water at heaven. a thing was not Redeemer; we

firstIvins the council of the of it is of his blood membrance which not seventy home, from was home. right away

invited our attention some days ago to If it was not right where we came from, shed; and we take upon ourselves obthe fact that since the beginning of the it isn't right anywhere, in any company. ligations to do certain definite things.

thestake missionary within movement, covenant, are placed under to do This spirit of social letdown and We or eightpast seven than years, more of take what? personal letdown upon us the name as it ever is as wrong To

14,000 baptisms from have resulted Christ, him, will be. to always remember was or ever not Jesus does War

activity.stake missionary To state he to keep fundamentals, it change his commandments which the nor conseanother way, that would add, perhaps, quences that follow the ignoring of has given us. These three things we

about three fairly goodsized stakes to those fundamentals, and it must not be covenant to do every time we eat thatthe total membership of this church—allowed to glorify evils. There is a rebread, every time we drink that water

tremendous accomplishment in the agward for consistency of living, frewhich has been dedicated, consecrated, gregate, missionary yet opportuniand to purpose. very quently restated the prophets of by God

ties perishable, far are very as the so then, in variety or obligated, are indebted a of language, over wide a Wethat isindividual concerned. to it the take of us time, upon period Jesus of itself name resolves but to

of the great reminded hosts of I am is Christ. the the of This in conclusion Church the oftquoted phrase

men and women who have passed "He that shall endure to the end shall Christ, and in taking upon us his name,Jesus through our communities within the be saved."we are under obligation to respect him,

three years, orpast two many of whom for and has he to remember done what be enabled as a people, we and May left,have and now I am wondering us, to his and keep children, our comwe covenant with may wherever they are, what impressions they have left, or if be enabled to distinguish between those mandments.

they have any impression of us at all. things which war necessarily does Do we think of it seriously? Can we

Some of them who were here last month change, and those things which it must eat and drink in remembrance of the are gone; of some here them were who Christ, of body and blood then go and be permitted to change, to and

last are gone; year of some them immediately violate his out to who notcleave to comthe fundamentals, perboth of

are will here be gone month. next now realize the nature mandments? sonal social we and conduct, Do as to as well

Missionary opportunities on an individall our other fixed obligations and duties and the importance of that great coveual basis are exceedingly perishable and as Latterday Saints, and as children of nant we take upon us and renew every transitory. War does not change our God, our Father in heaven. week of our lives—or at least have the

obligations to be bearers of the mesThat we may have the spirit of disopportunity to do it every week of our ofsage the gospel of the Lord lives? are obligation under to pray. to Jesus cernment distinguish these between We

Christ, are wherever and under we bold I have been enough to say (and the things, and strength, both those ofwhatever I I confess not would be able circumstances we find ourus to prove are here who and those on who areselves. it, it), believe that but I far fronts, we are the pattern lives of whose War does not change our obligahas been upset and broken, to carry praying people. I shall modify thatnot toa

tions and responsibilities concerning our forward and live lives of consistency, this extent, by saying too many of us children; it cannot and it must not. and endure to the end, is my prayer, to do not pray. We do not get down on

I am reminded of the fact that since which I add my testimony of the truthour knees, we do not humble ourselves, the early crisis in the present European fulness and divinity of this work, in the we do not go before the Lord with that theater of war, five or six years ago name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. contrite spirit as he would have us do,

now, many young men and young womand as we have been taught to do.

en who were then twelve and fourteen and fifteen years of age, young men JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH '"Phere is another obligation, another particularly, have since passed through (Continued from page 276) A debt that we owe. We owe it as

perhaps the most critical years of their they can choose to do evil, with the a church and as individuals, to keep lives, and are now out fighting, flying rewards which are coming, and most ourselves clean; our minds pure, our

bombers, in the armed forces of their men choose to do evil. The Lord said souls clean, uncontaminated by the sins

respective countries, carrying the brunt, that men love darkness rather than of the world. It is the duty of each one

in many instances, of the heaviest batlight because their deeds are evil. Yet of us individually to keep the good name

tles. Should we have become too busy, our mission, I say, is, so far as it is of this church unsullied. Now we have

because of the actual existence of war, within our power, to regenerate, to been accused of a great many things.

or the imminence thereof, to have given bring to repentance, just as many of There is not a crime in the category these children of ours the foundation in the children of our Father in heaven as that has not been laid to the charge of our homes that we are obligated to give it is possible for us to do. That is one {Continued on page 324)

MAY, 1944 323 lost Spirit of the the Lord, and GENERAL CONFERENCE JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH and lost of the Spirit the Lord, I say when (Continued page 323) from the of Ghost. not speaking Holy I am

are church failing to pay that debt, or the never But Ghost. had Holy They the church.the of the members And obligation. that keep that to every given has the Lord man so, that said wicked be it wouldLord

this into the guidance of world comes truth. evil the of speak wouldmen I We that obligation wish more one KJow, light truth, Christ, Spirit of of the or that, rejoice not ""should they do when of, in conclusion. to speak We it the as of times speak and many wein fact that are the so accused by we living, the to only obligation not an owe in Spirit of the the of Lord, and many in false witness, bear butthose who the dead. obligation to an but owe we it is revelations of Spirit as the spoken all factthe that innocent are from we justice his his in and mercy Lord is The Spirit of the of Christ Lord. This rejoice. things. that should Inthose we to opportunity the to grants every man into to that the every given comes man it is church, as our as But duty a comhis gospel. Milreceive to repent and world. thismunities, to of the keep good name privilege. that lions died without have this But, the has withdrawn Lord it is the reproach,church and above spirit into the world gone have They spirit in the great measure, of because this individual of each ofduty member Christ, without an not Jesus knowing of the world. wickedness Lord The clean, himself for to each keepchurch remission of receive to the opportunity said: has carries us the of with himone good to sins. them. their debt a owe We We the of church, I, and whenevername the the we angry Lord, with wicked; am of the searching records out should be

is Spirit that holding contrary to rightdo anything I am my that preparing them from the inhabitants our be and dead we earth. the (D. & C. 63:32.) lives, ofeousness, unclean are in our if we of the into the temples Lord might go

if the keep not the commandments do we for ordinances the there perform and said the years a This hundred Lord given, sufthe has whole churchLord their salvation. is ago. the withholding not Holy He guiltyfers, individual the not merely is this the said Prophet Joseph The the because world, from they Ghost

sins, that. think to of ought and wewho the responsibility has greatest Lord it, this light this truth, but of never had

isIf sin sins his published, one and man us. said he placed upon when Now, to guidance every comes which man, thethe church. blames whole world greatest the evidently, that meant, he truth lead the unto which would men that other not with any would doThey individually. responsibility it, if is to they only hearken would

sun. theorganization under just is responsibility another There their of wickedness. because withdrawn

it is obligation, our and owe So we collectiveto us belongs as great which I I will return to started what Nowthis to to the other each debt and ly, the priesthood of or and as quorums to read:

in large at ourselves keep tochurch is, that the church, of as and members strict accord with all these laws and Thou shalt not steal; neither commit as I have already stated, to preach this

commandments, to keep ourselves virtuadultery, nor kill, nor do anything like unto gospel to a perverse and wicked genit. clean, in clean thoughts, ourous and eration.

all shalt the in thy thank Lord God Thou actions, in in cleanclean our our words, the brethren, dear Lord Now, my things. the of the blasphemy,clean from us, say, scriptures the bless as Let you. sacrifice offer shalt the a unto Lord Thou vain. in in the of are Lordname takingWe loins,"out with "gird our and go up that in righteousness, of thy a even God in in heaven to Fatherdebt our regard the things all spirit. to contrite accomplish might heart our and broken a

to tithing, and we have heard a good And that thou mayest more fully keep the Lord has called upon us to accomdeal about that this afternoon. thyself unspotted from the world, thou shalt plish, keeping his commandments, setof prayer go to the house fasting, to in regard are in debt that and offer up thy ting all men, before the example We

holy day. upon my there afraid againand have sacraments I am follow, being being humble, we might they

failed. A day has been set apart for That is another obligation, and a true, and I ask it, in the name of the

fasting in this church, and I fear we large percentage of the members of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

have made it just about as easy for people as we can to disregard this commandment by the way we hold our FRIDAY MORNING SESSION meetings, sure that not so and I am we thing, prayers, devotion, family which strictly that asare observing as the law EZRA T. BENSON

in this great genland so a was common us.requirements of demand page 287) (Continued from all too eration ago, is found but or so

Let me read a word or two from secthem the fundamental principles of the infrequently now, even in the homes of tion 59 of the Doctrine and Covenants. gospel, to teach them to pray, and that the Latterday Saints.

The Ten Commandments were parents who fail to accept and disBrethren, I encourage you, as fathers spoken of this morning. It will not hurt charge this obligation will have the sin and as leaders, to see to it that every

for me to repeat what is written here, rest upon them. day we have a period of devotion in the

beginning with verse 5, in section 59 of Read what the Lord says in the 68th home, if for no other reason that it might the Doctrine and Covenants: section of the Doctrine and Covenants. influence the lives of our boys and girls.

listed also as influences which church, of the the early In the They very days unto Wherefore, them—meaning spirituality, fit to contribute parents the leadchastise of to who some Lord saw of the commandment,members I givechurch—a spiritual their for proper examples the and set were ing of church brethren love thus: shaltsaying the Lord thy Thou

God with all thy heart, with all thy might, failure to train their children, to teach to their children, loyalty of parents to mind, and strength; and in the name of them correct principles, to teach them to church leaders, attendance at church by

Jesus Christ thou shalt serve him. pray, and they were admonished to put children with parents, temple marriage

Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. their own houses in order.—discussion of temple marriage in the I have been very much impressed home—love and kindness, good wholeHere are two great commandments. with a recent survey made by our own some literature.

We are under obligation, we are in debt church department of education among They were also asked to list the to love the Lord our God with all our the seminary students of this church, negative influences which tend to tear heart, with all our might, with all our our boys and girls. An attempt was down spirituality and morality, and they

mind, with all our strength, and do it made in this survey to find out what listed, of course, lack of prayer and all in the name of Jesus Christ. We the youth of the church consider are spirituality in the home, backbiting and

are in debt and under obligation to love the important things which contribute criticism of church leaders, lack of our neighbors, and if the world had to spirituality and a moral life. I am church attendance by parents, and such

only loved its neighbors, it would not sure it will be a surprise to some to find antispiritual influences as smoking, be torn asunder as it is today. All this that among the many things they listed drinking, card playing, profanity, hate,

that has come upon it is because of its—and apparently they did some very greed, dishonesty, and so forth.wickedness, and because the people of serious thinking on the matter—they These are our boys and girls who

the earth violated the commandments listed prayer in the home. That simple have thus spoken. They recognize what

324 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FRIDAY MORNING church. They cannot afford to be withNow, I mention this simply to indiout it. They need the companionship of cate to the youth of Zion that if they

their a looking only are material and to adgood woman, and a good man is necessary in order to provide the enfathers, if as I hope, as officers thinking of and are vancement, they only we will strongvironment produce which fiwill that in that companionship, getting provide material the world, ahead

I spiritually.characters, morally and

it will field, nancially, put in our and business them around the arms pays we in will that leaders as Zion dohope we direct help sustain them, to the of them and standards maintain Mormoneverything to provide within our power if crucial this period. ism. during very to the them look BeGreat you And

this forthat of the environment youth consider eternal yond, your hapand

I the ingreat church. confidence have

it piness exaltation, I time and pays and the the church youth of would,rpo I brethren, of recognize, Zion,youth my to again * of time: maintain the standards I like this the to say beyond know crucial serious throughthe period and the church. that a of young doubt no man shadow of passing, the are Zionwhich youth and us. the bless bless Lord he May May to in this afford or church can woman will thatI sincerely pray throw we in us as leaders Zion, that be may we the disregard teachings standards and is that safeguardaround every them able inspire to the to the of land youth if looking the church. of are they Even inpossible, that order they meet can living, righteous that will they recogit at their personal only advancefromthe temptations them. and overcome nize the the of importance maintaining it to the in material world, pays ment

live the standards of Mormonism. I standards of the church, and receive the

"\1 7hile holding a series of meetings in have seen it demonstrated, time and promised blessings which come from ad- * * the eastern part of the United States time again, particularly during the last herence to those standards, I pray, in a few weeks ago, I was invited by the five years that I have resided in the the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

chief executive of one of the great states nation's capital.

to visit his office. I had no idea what I know there is a lot of wickedness

he wanted to discuss, but as we sat in the world, as was pointed out by there, it soon became clear that he was Elder Joseph Fielding Smith yesterday E.concerned with the problems of youth, but I testify that in spite of that wickedTHOMAS

and he wanted to know three things ness, the world is yet willing to pay forabout the Mormon church: First of all, the services of young men and women McKAY

our program of activity for youth; secwho remain true to the standards of Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

ondly, our great missionary system. He this church.

was not so much concerned about the I could give you illustration after ilAddress delivered at the Friday proselyting program of the church, but lustration that will demonstrate that morning session of the 114th what that missionary system did to fact. Only a few days ago a man called annual general conference,

build character in young men; and, me in the early morning, on the teleApril 7, 1944, in the

thirdly, the great welfare program of phone, and asked if I would have lunch Tabernacle the church, which tends to restore and with him that day. I accepted, and a

enjoin thrift, work, and such virtues that few hours later we faced each other President Grant and brethren: I

have built this great country. across the luncheon table in one of the join with Elder Benson and other

As we sat there discussing these hotels, and he said: "I presume you brethren who have spoken in exproblems, the question of family prayare curious to know why I invited you pressing appreciation for the selection

er came up, and he told of his experihere?"I said: "Yes, I am."of Brother Mark Petersen as a member

ence as a boy in his own home, where He said: "I represent one of the of the council of the twelve. Mark is

he knelt in devotion each day, and then great hotels of the middle west."It deone of the

he told about visiting several of the veloped that he represented probably sweetest charhomes of his friends recently, where the greatest hotel, certainly the largest, acters that I there was no devotion in the home. He in the middle west. have ever met

had great fear for the future of the He said: "In a group of friends in—kind, generyouth of this great land because of the Chicago the other day, I was telling ous, tolerant,

lack of spirituality in the home. them that I had the responsibility of but fearless in

Then I had the great pleasure of tellgoing to Washington to open a Washthe defense of ing him something of our program, and ington office for our organization, and,"right. I know

made reference to a Gold and Green he said, "I began to outline the kind of you brethren ball which had just been held in one of man I would like to represent us in the who have not the great hotels in Washington, where nation's capital."met him will

six to eight hundred young men and Then he said: "After I had enumlove him when

women had enjoyed themselves in an erated his qualifications, one of the men you do meet sociability. upevening of and said, There were no spoke

cigarets, missionary.'want is the party no liquor, and 'Well, what"you THOMAS E. McKAY him,betterand theac- a Mormon was

opened and closed with prayer. I said, And then he said: "When I got in the quainted you

"Mr. Governor, would you believe that nation's capital, I inquired who was the become the more you will love him.

such a thing could happen?"representative of your church here, and I am very pleased to have this opHe said: "I wish it were more comsomeone referred me to you. That is portunity of again reporting briefly the

mon. It is almost impossible for me to why I have invited you."conditions in the European missions.

believe it, in view of what I know of Then he began to enumerate the Our members, as far as we are able to conditions that are facing the youth of things he wanted in this representative. hear from them, are still carrying on.

this land, and what is happening in my First of all, he must be morally clean. We continue to receive reports from

own state."His integrity must be beyond question. the PalestineAssyrian Mission; they

I told him that was only typical of He must not tamper with alcoholic are at least four months on the way, but parties held throughout the church, in beverages. He would prefer a man who they arrive. The last reports were re147 stakes. did not even use tobacco. Then he went ceived last Monday, April 3, and they

I am convinced, my brethren of the on and recited, almost entirely, the were mailed November 30, 1943. Their

priesthood, that we have in the gospel standards of this people, then asked me priesthood and sacrament and Relief of Jesus Christ, in the standards of Morif I could suggest a young man that Society meetings and also Sunday monism, an answer to this upward would meet those requirements. Schools are held as usual.

trend in juvenile delinquency, if we will I said: "My good friend, I could give We also get reports regularly from

only make our programs effective, if you the names of twenty or thirty that the FrenchSwiss district. On the 20th

we will only make them work. would meet every one of those requireof each month the books are closed and

Now, as never before, the youth of ments, so far as I have been able to before the 30th, the reports are made this church need the program of the determine."{Continued on page 326)

MAY, 1944 325

it GENERAL CONFERENCE THOMAS E. McKAY powermore effectively.to do so, they would have done

(Continued from page 325) The statistical report, for the year holding services, Mutual classes and reliout and mailed. The last report was 1943, December not included, shows: gious discussions. There are at least a dozen

that of December 1943. It stated that baptisms performed, 21; children places where our brethren are doing this

they had just held a district conference blessed, 16; members who died, 12; very valued work.

in LaCheauxdu-Fonds, one of the most promoted in the priesthood, 24; marSatur- held. began eversuccessful They 3. riages, been missionaries had the 699 fter A sesregular the night to previousday in the held the All meetings missions must be the twelve from evacuated concert. a with conference, ofsions the are permitted after as the daytime, people not shortly in group, the European

large for the hall small too wasThe after dark. to out our be war, this world of beginning the

part preliminary the Afterattendance. get disthe Mission Swedish From naturally somewhat we were members refreshments. theyof the program had regularly usual, reports as although blue. and couraged, downhearted We report, that in sentences the ofOne all reports, they, as censored. other are could, adbest as them encouraged we

is rather rerefreshments theabout last letter received the from misQuoting our advise as new vised them we it delighted states, werevealing; "We 14: 27, are dated January March especially those sionaries, who

real syrup."with servedto be some God loveperhaps homesick, and somewhat

If the condibless only them! knew we fifth celebrated our Christmas war tonic, best the sick, remedy best the that We there, brethren, exist thattions we in feelings thankful heavtoward with God is blues for the sickness for and such into follow willing more bewould cities light; in en. are immersed again Our is It also a conversation. good a gospel

store more. tostructions are provisions other excommodities and and grow is it I really think worry. for remedy the hibited in store rationing windows, and three that also report shows The is something that saying as to of extent has commodities improved some good—and been conferences successful haveother fortrip. fishing can for a You in the of of the war. prolongation defiance me—asheld; hall rented that has been one new congospel a through worries this get in present at your are land about There rethe others cleaned of andand some nationalities, different fugitives 35,000 of versation.

ten there baptisms been havemodeled; are sharing bread, with our and we whom to our suggested members also We year. theduring that blesses the our governLord know we it: called this slogan, as or motto, we

for charities the nation as which our ment missionary."a From member "Every receive to also a delighted were cercourse, contributed. a has whole a OfTlJe I that letters, sure reports the and am "* felt, inflation tain has of been in and amount brief report from our members

to living are up of our members most difficulties are, there doubt, without many is for first time theFinland. months This

I if I suggest, that may, motto. would citizens for debits of to get some our and them. anythingthat from heard have we presifine credits to mission balance. to that slogan youIt said:

nineteen baptized year This peohave we the representing here are dents who

Through the grace of God, our men called ple, ordained twentyfive to the priesthood, seventeen missions in the North Ameriall children, blessed twentyone from and In spite protected. colorsto the been have losing of your are group. most can You that of see has the Lord which been good we fast held been the meetingsof war, have missionaries; being "evacuare they us. for grateful the are peace, to so Weregularly, small School Sunday a and service of the to ated"or transferred prevails. that unity is love thank and do is We in the Branch, whichsustained Larsmo

I that the sure country, our and am spiritual for the help the has Lord which entirely, of children, almostattended by this if tithmot- follow in they actions. instance, members, manifest would For beennonmembers.

ing shows a very substantial increase each to, could carry on the work. "Every

These brethren and sisters are paying year since 1 939, and the year 1 943 has been member a missionary."

their tithing, although they cannot send especially good. I know every service man is a misthe money out of Finland; so they have sionary. God bless them. I was deit is recquite a sum; andaccumulated President message Grant's with

last letlighted British the the Mission "Crom that elder presiding the byommended service men. are preaching to our They * ter, received mailed 18 and March for purthe be usedsome of the money in effective the the gospel, and most

chase of a building lot for a chapel. February 24, states: way, as President Grant stated, by their

also the from Danish heard espegenerally, example. We have People and Improvement Church and The The News their publicaof sheetsMission. Two at people, rather young would are other magazines Era, and coming in cially

tion, Skandinaviens Stjevne, were fairly regularly, and we thank you for the any time see a sermon than hear one.

mailed from Sweden, and I quote as material we receive. We have a permit now May I suggest, too, brethren, that

follows to send some church literature to our memwe have an opportunity here at home, of prisoners of are bers war. the church who gospel. the to our example, preach by in the 1943 was moment the of of edition pocket Book Morre- The A bright in are of strangers our thousands There the Branch,opening Frederikshavn of Principles the Gospel and have The of mon

in midst, keep mind and would if we all the Saints exhibited a zeal distributed and have to servicewhere with been members joy for the gospel that is inspirational. This, whom we can possibly get into contact, that always the first part of the thirteenth

the most northern branch in Denmark, is, those who have not received the books Article of Faith: "We believe in being

should have splendid future possibilities for direct from Zion. Altogether about 600 honest, true, chaste, benevolent, virtusuccess, and to other branches and members packets have been distributed. ous, and in doing good to all men,"and

after. to excellent pattern three an example altogetherbe held have We all live that of L.D.S. to so it could be said of

hesitate to in that in Saints not service conferences, men's city do London,The one are the this morning, us here and who ten eight attend miles in to a meetthe lastwalk Birmingand one one in Wigan, and ing. ham, at which there were about 200 service Latterday Saints generally, not that we

During the past year we came in singular men and approximately that number of our believe only, but that we are honest, we manner in contact with a former missionary, local members, chiefly young people, preare true, we are chaste, we are beneElder Homer P. Anderson, who at present sent. It was a grand affair. We began on volent, we are virtuous and we are dois in German captivity. Many will rememSaturday afternoon with a basketball game ing good to all men, it would not matter

his Brother laborsber the from from north teams Anderson L.D.S. in between two so then if did not have so much we

It his lively sends of Esbjerg attended a Copenhagen. and England. game, was He field, in the missionaries such an many to greetings individually people. getac- everyone and about 300 by A sociable, effective example be more would much "Iwrites: Saints."the praying for the prothe next quainted hour item on was am Do

not let us forget him, either, in our prayers. gram. Then a grand concert followed, and than all our preaching.

Through the Women's Relief Society, we the evening concluded with our Gold and May our Father in heaven give us the have rejoiced in being able to assist our Green Ball. desire, the willpower, the courage and

Norwegian brethren and sisters who were Sunday was devoted to the L.D.S. service the faith to so live and to follow his

in letters conference, the need. chapel judge men's have by was we To his light slogan, admonition: "Let your

the to capacity. provisions planning received, able anbeen packed have we andWe theare before so shine men, that they see may reto service the to conferto send other missionwide men's have been them means

lieve them of real want. ence to be held sometime in May. your good works, and glorify your FaAll the Saints in Denmark took this merciIn various parts of the country the brethther which is in heaven,"I pray, in the

ful act to heart, and had it been in their ren in the forces are taking advantage of name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

326 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FRIDAY MORNING thing we do in life, whether its purpose tention to those suggestions, because be temporal or spiritual. The Lord has they are prompted by the Spirit of God.

is all there poral, that in a spirituwe do task * the of deciding what would we ANTOINE R. told us that there is nothing purely temXTow, we are daily confronted with I is true, that believe al aspect. do, best that like can to do, and what we

IVINS orableevery activity,activity ofeverylife shouldhonestbeanddirectedhondo.fromNonethe manyof usthingscan doweeverythingwould like weto

Of the First Council of the Seventy toward the wellbeing of the sons and would like; we have to make that deis the decide to have what at the delivered Address

If thing, is not. Friday itualdaughtersin its ofnature.God; and if it is, it is spirworth-whilecision. We and what 114th the morning session of

habit in the of doing been have we conference, general annual in daily our each other we meet A s tells that better things us judgment our 7, 1944, April in the ** other to help each walks, we strive thing that quite the best are not we Tabernacle to live better, more successfully, that might do for our good and the good of am very happy to be with you here we may prosper. Some of us are not those depending upon us, we have there

today, my brethren, and to bring you particularly careful in our dealings a chance for repentance.

I the good news that President Hardy with each other, to be honest, and to Let us inspect our lives and see if we of our council is reported better today give all a fair chance. I believe that in do not, all of us, have room to change

and continually improving, and to elicit all of our dealings there is something our way of living. I feel that many of

upon his behalf your faith and prayers to be gained, that a fair exchange is us do. We, who are here, are the priesthis that recovis justified; for exchange a fair no robof the leaders hood of God. We are be ery honestly may that can deal bery, and men people; the a charge; we have we have

rapid and comand honorably with each other, so that a duty; and if we can feel that we have

plete. there may be profits on both sides of the fully acquitted ourselves of that duty

As I came deal. I believe that we should strive to and responsibility, all is well and good.

into the buildthat end and purpose in all our labors. Perhaps, as leaders of wards and

ing, I met a I believe that all of us, when we branches and priesthood quorums, we very dear view our own conduct, and can see that have need to repent, because we have brother who we have taken undue advantage of annot fully done our duty. I feel sure that

has suffered other, have reason to repent. I believe many of us have not. If we all had, persomething simthat all of us who, when we think of our haps our quorums would be in better

ilarly to him, sons and our daughters, feel that we condition than they are.

for a number have not given them the type of teachWhen we accept these offices, we acof years, who ing and leadership that they should have cept a definite responsibility, very, very reports now like repent. is definite, to to lead. reason had, have There one people Now, ANTOINE R. 1VINS that he is just, of greater that value has nothing leadership on earth and and it is good when

been completeto us than our children, and there is they approve of it. They follow it. But

ly healed through the blessings of the little that has less care at certain times it is not a common thing for a man to be it isLord. that possible, know We travel certain people. around to from able to guide according a community We

unite in prayers our behalfand if we place, frequently that a from place to not subprogram he himself will we see of President Hardy we feel sure that children who are allowed just to grow scribe to. Perhaps some of us need to

he can come back to service and our up; they have no leadership in their repent of some of our priesthood leadcompanionship. homes, they have no guidance, and they ership practices, so that we may be able

One feels a sense of responsibility in have no care. Fortunately, that is a to say: "Come, let's go in this direcoccupying the time of this group of men, condition which is not prevalent in the tion."

and I pray that God may give me his Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday I think that is one of our greatest respirit, the few moments that I stand Saints. sponsibilities as leaders of this church,

here, that I may say something that may I do feel, however, that there are octhat we should be honest and true, abpossibly be helpful to a few of us. Becasions and instances in which even solutely honest and true to the standfore I start out, however, I want to our children do not have the type of ards of the church and the obligaexpress my very great pleasure at the leadership that they should have, and tions of leadership which we assume.

presence on the stand of the president the prominence of certain sins among us There is no place in all our activities of the church, my venerable uncle, and indicates that very thing. for us to forget this responsibility, and

tell him that our constant prayer in our I think that when we go to our rest to forget that from day to day we family is for his wellbeing. at night, we should thank God for any should better our way of living. We

We are a missionary group, the first successes we have had during the day, should increase our power of leadercouncil of the seventy, and as we go and ask him for faith in guiding our chilship; we should be more eager to serve

forth, we constantly have in mind the dren. We should do the same thing and better qualified to serve. If we candissemination of the word of God, the when we start upon the duties of the not gain through the experience of tobearing of testimony as to the restoraday in the morning. We should ask day more power for tomorrow, we are

tion of the gospel in the latter dispensaGod for faith in caring for them. Now, unfortunate. If we should see in the

tion. We study the Doctrine and Coveif we have not done so, we have reason work we do today wherein we have

nants for themes to use in approaching for repentance. failed, we, as leaders of the priesthood,

the people. I remember that when some If we have misrepresented any act, have reason to repent, to abandon the

of the brethren in early days asked the anything in our business activities of the bad of today, and to replace it with a

Prophet to ask the Lord what they day, we have reason for repentance. better system for tomorrow.

could best do for their own welfare, the We are constantly repenting of the Brethren, do not get the idea that reLord told them, through the Prophet practical things that we do in life. pentance is something that is only for

Joseph Smith, that they could do nothWhenever a man comes to us and the man 'who does not belong to the ing better than to call the world to retells us that we can grow more wheat Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday pentance; and as I came to the stand, by changing our system, we repent, alSaints, because it is a thing that applies

President Young suggested that I talk though we do not call it that. We to us every hour, and every day, and

about this subject. abandon an old practice that was not every year of our lives. We will never

I have come to the conclusion that good, and take on a new one which is be perfect, and the last act of our lives there is never a day in my life when it is better, but we are not so prone to adopt may be one of repentance. We should

not essential to my wellbeing. I think the suggestions of people who are inremember it, and apply it.

sometimes some of us think of repentspired of the Lord when they come to I pray that God will bless us, that he ance in a rather narrow way, but I am us and tell us how we can better our will make us strong, that we, the leaders coming to feel that it applies to everyspiritual lives. We ought to pay at- {Continued on page 328)

MAY, 1944 327 It ers the of church. not a only was CONFERENCE GENERAL R. IVINS ANTOINE

field, institution, mission but the rean page 327) (Continued from sults in of evidence which see towe for it all, have morning, with much we of inspiration will the Israel, have of day. I grateful. Today be which may we people, this in spirit leading his holy listened the to reports As and we in join our Heavenly thanking with you support us and honestly that can they told that there were be by would July divinity of the for evidence the Father ask things in them the us follow we to very, in missionaries very the few male the evidence this hand, of every on work bless you. Amen. do. God I field, future the about wondered with its its its in in and power growth,

reference to this phase of our work. I strength.

for my my brethren, I am grateful, in this church. CLIFFORD E. wondergreat schoolwhatthatwillhastakeproducedthe placesoofmanythis standing I am grateful

men of faith and testimony, men who for the testimony which I have. I am

have taken their places as leaders in grateful for the evidence of leadership YOUNG stakes of Zion. and in the church. everywhere found the Twelve the Council to Assistant of told were that our are boys who theWewards faith give us power and God May

into going the service are good. making the Friday at delivered Address trust, fail as in that not and our we may

morning session of the 114th Many of them are, without doubt, but we grow in our leadership, grow in faith annual general conference, we must not forget the fact that war in and power, the church will grow, and

April 7, 1944, in the and of itself is not a constructive force; you and I need but to look about to see

Tabernacle it is not an agency that produces rightthe evidence of what we may expect, it is eousness; nor that an agency proall us with doing exour duty as God Israelson I listened to President jcs the motes standards of church. the On do. pects to us that years forty ago he Z-\ us

it is the contrary, that tears agency an X. JL this, first the I pray, in us to help his mission to do called God on tellingWas breaks and fiber the very down of which

1 Christ. of I Amen. Jesus shocked. name a bit Scandinavia, was of Latterday Saint caliber men are

in crossing Israelson Brother withwas made.

the ocean, and it came to me very forYet reports are coming in that reflect STEPHEN L RICHARDS cibly, as he that the boys who have been in the mis- (Continued from page 277) spoke, call field, for divine favor and that sion at graduation in this have great grown who is rapidly time other occasions not for it, school any I have never in been have and educated passing. are making good, and are withstanding been quite able to understand.

have There the of evil that comes with skepticism, atheism and Humanism, so been many war. are grateful for that. There years, the with have probably grown onslaughtWe things lovely are that reports bear this out. many in that believe recent although I do this in said

times the comfort they have not I believe, had brethren, But that my when ce conferen that science and encouragement from is finally the story told close at the of I hesitate that receive. they to supposed once the were there will scars, be war many and to attempt to

societies, cults seeking Modernists, it. and to need concern have much we about conany make

life, explain to of the phenomena man This the emphasizes again need of our it. to tribution

in the other universe every and in keeping close way contact with our boys I hope, howin it the plain simple is than and which far as as possible way to humanly do I ever, may it, the the of explains universe Author so existing under conditions. should We E. to YOUNG CLIFFORD add the in let sprung such have up and feel numbers that them are and know we it, spirit of and utterly philosophies varied as with such thinking of them. This contacting the inwill that the pray Lord I humbly all to of the the confuse youth land and mail boys should a be by made quorum

I say.spire what may forothers the not have activity do good will who not which only stimulate privilege the other day had The we their feet to the tune planted on have the will also help but quorum our boys in presithe the temple withof meeting truth. solid of ground in meeting conditions that to come them, listening to missions. In of thedents and the loneliness which at times they the mentioned I have but a few of impressivetheir reports, very it was

feel. to must indiof society which many symptoms that the church the kindobserve of men

to cate the thoughtful observers great a its service, into called missionaryhas all 'V7'1ESTERDAY were impressed as we for of reappraisement the need a values A intelligence, fine of of raremen men listened statistical to the report we life in for the reestablishment of and faith.leadership, of great Aland men as presented It President Clark. by verities the as have served which guidelaboring are they underthough now reflected a marvelous growth and I in progress. posts don't human know the of lack handicapsextreme because strength. President During Grant's adproportion the of students of what our inof missionaries, the yet manner which ministration the of stakes number has that society return tested think to a on, reflected in as their are carryingthey too, doubled. reference Then, was made I is principles vital the need but do is impressive.reports, very are They the to strides great the of proWelfare their that whatever proportion know of God.men is It years. gram. six Eight only years I It agree them. with be seem may may all reported things that In the of were since projects. undertook that At we it is strange nevertheless that true but not unkind an there them, word wasby time a statement out the over went the only of department research and thing about said derogatory anyor a that press the church expected to take scientific in endeavor has which man faith.faith, not of or our anyone The its care in of own. six these Well, or little or the progress during no made spiritspirit their of reports the of was eight years have demonstrated we what past several centuries in the has been as the thecarrying of out Lord work do, can that that can and meet we we relations. realm of Certainly, as human

it this spirit in revealed day, hashe a if requirement, will and but men women it, is just one author puts as or he much faithfully true.to labor and It is subscribe. marvelous when you fight disposed to his with more neigh-

I it. reports, listened these to think of As we bors as three he today hundred was the contribution great the ofthought In contemplating ten the next years years ago. Present conditions are a

the to hasmissionary system made visualize great the can potent we power cruel persuasive attestation most and of of the leaders church lieschurch. this in which The agency welof human I fact. that believe that of those some

all received of us largely is It fare. our part the of a church, a partyou—we, return urge to a fundamentals who do opportunities aftheschooling of through activity. quorum grateful we How largely so they because despaired have

field. it. in laboring in the missionforded to ought for be finding is anything of that better new

I not converted have all very to say you, may many So with the adverseWe old. than the

people, but we did convert ourselves, things, with all the problems which and thus the mission field became a youth have to meet, the problems which ow, my brethren, I have presentedschool, from which has come the leadwere suggested by Brother Benson this N these observations to you because 328 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FRIDAY MORNING the sonship of man and the brotherhood own living and righteous accomplishFRIDAY AFTERNOON ofauthority.humanity.TheyTheyexpoundresolvethethetrueissuesprinof mentscalled uswillanddecideset usthatapartmatter.for a purpose.God has

that fear learnglorify ciples our they of never government; need when We is theI question. This to a ask want virtue, extoll solidarity, ing; our ignorance; knowledge, our they debase they to it is revert to If necessaryquestion.

sufficient that vision are the goodness of extend they our and wisdom; and principles, concepts, fundamentalsuch

finite the will glorious destiny the there provided to means and be most man life upheld as once of wereand ways facilities accomplishadvertise conceived. understanding to our has ever They of our founders practiced theand by principles dignity, to world. the the the give majesty, to our ments and man nation builders our of thecountry and the status leadership. divine the furnish that will bring and That

its toin progress continue and to order for the exalted foundation never as probably conmankind, most Today if its ambitions;achieve worthy most

gifts liberty before, the ceptions of gospel the of that the freedom needs and it is in to order to go necessary go back vision, discernment, has world comknown. and wisdom,

I is the ask, to leadforward, who, who fort. lofty these things precious only concepts with These and come And in America have whoway? we Whom living hearts. principles enlightening prayerful dithe has from and good come the to converted thoroughlyare most

If, faith, Christ's nation, maintain vine delegation of as adcannot to a power we institutions that haveconcepts made and is little us. for his minister gospel there a those hope had among who We firmthe greatness?for her have Who in city lecturer investiture him. our authorof accept a ago few This weeks functhe sanctityest of convictions and

is is It that ity fully carefully the the held defined. out world view and who perpetuity the the oftion of and home

fast gigantic in effective a competition those approaching becomes only who not as the only marriage compact,of enwill that eventually principles competition the subscribe to high upon—a in felicity herethe of domestic source

it all is nations principle velop founded. which Being a and compeoples—a life, inthis happiness enduring for but

it in ideologies petition truth essence of flows of which those vessels through life doctrines arethe to come? Whose

itself into issue lives the only truth. resolves to an between conform whose This fitted for qualification parthe ofbest

is in liberty of mightiest the like of and the democracy humblest, power powerents the for nurture equipment and and it. state. totalitarian that the the Its thought Savior posbestowed who He in children? societyof our group What

all. sessor suinevitably the servant must of the be be America would striven for of the attainment mosthave

I that, freedom, of individual stripped you exponent and preme Now, know life efthe pure demonstrated most and all this in circuitous congreat of that evasive cautioned but verbage, he and belief their infectively sanctity the of the return test to country to poor chance a should have which our needs we as the of tabernacle the spirit? body

faith, to allegiance the of reacquire the make courage, favor and win and stood adamantly have mosttheWho integrity in to the are excepted nations to carry forward is a return many whoagainst incursion the of immorality selfdetermina- Christ. right gospel of the of Jesus under future know We living a of standard doubleand

this among thethat their nation of governconceived forms in Christion to choose was in our country andmen women? Who tian if righteousness, more that and not demonstrate ment we know we did the enlarged authentic mosthave and

vision of her destiny? Is there a leaderour troubles will pass only as and when adequately than we have done in the

efficacy consciously criteria the virtues as for the and past we adopt immediate inship available America know who all acts, reour a national individual, speedy urged and of democracy. He is destiny guessingwithout her and what

principles to fathers of truth faith and enunciated in our of to the turn the it isprecisely to achieved? be how gospel of disciplines our a restraints Lord. which the and I is, know,There and you know my

I trying us. to believe that selfcontrol imposes upon righteous our am when exists,brethren, that leadership where

citizens, fellow is as as advertised well as countless lawlessness When is that divinely leadershipand know we in the others the characteristic world, perceive efficacy and national the our in direct to councharged our men own of true is repChristian pictorial principles a are as of they nudity Hollywood principles elsewhere the oftry to and in battle lives adopted the in the living inresentation of of and Americatruth rectitude alone and can which it is dividuals likely not and communities, too world, will the of camps many in earth. for the happinessmake

the be persuaded of peoples seriousminded a that the demonstration by such I it hesitation say with because some yield to their lives their prototype truth to the will us as earth Christ. choose of give offense loathe to to anyone, I am In soour country there are a sound of government and good own many I there other that convincedbut is no am of thousands wisto the return thoroughly ciety. grant that good and men God this in in entireleadership country, nor

national are women closely through righteousness watching who and what dom isthis to bring which adequate world they as regard for and Lincoln experiment. our repentance which Many righteouspeople to everywhere God,

shall teach earnestly pleaded know what so say. and we Washington what we is truth.ness so, This not and because

is it are waiting to see They and too late, before quickly whether or not come this personalitiesthe comprise which deeds he leadership accord that our with which professions. the grant God greaterleadership inherited have or our

It to won't the to be necessary be prepared chosen show has have an elecmay intelligence,acquired secular nor more tion I to determine takes of Jesus pray in the name humbly moral who and way influence,knowledge, wealth, nor more spiritual leadership of Christ. country. our Amen. Our their than fellows in theand talent

citizenry of the world, nor is it because of the power of their numbers. This FRIDAY AFTERNOON SESSIONleadership comes through two circumstances, first from the revelation of pure like to say that

this of period aboutknowledge and the man universe, JOSEPH L lives has ourand, secondly, divine from commission to guide men to the truth. been a period

inspiration of WIRTHLIN TP'here of the because the Presiding Bishopric * the isconcepts,no time todayinterpretations,even to reviewand Of fact that we principles revealed with the restored Address delivered at the Friday have had the gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ which afternoon session of the 114th privilege of provides leadership for the world. Sufannual general conference, being so closefice it to say that they cover and make April 7, 1944, in the ly associated

provision for every aspect of human Tabernacle with the living life and endeavor. They amplify, consincerely trust, my brethren, that I prophets of

firm, and revitalize the principles of life might enjoy the spirit of the Lord God, these that I stand or intaught I for of the the moment Savior two world by the remen who six since you. before the JOSEPH L. WIRTHLINhis ministry years men. define among They It is now ceive the mind

with a clarity never before available the present Presiding Bishopric was susand will of our nature of the fatherhood of God and tained in its present position. I should (Continued on page 330)

MAY, 1944 329 JOSEPH L WIRTHLIN Aaron, the heritage of which belongs to GENERAL CONFERENCE the descendants of Aaron and Levi; but

(Continued [com page 329) until such time as these descendants

Heavenly Father to guide and direct the claim their priesthood inheritance, of so qualifying him that he may receive destiny of this great church. I am deepnecessity the work is being carried on the Melchizedek Priesthood.

ly grateful for the association that I by the heirs of Ephraim and Manasseh, As with a bishop, so with his first have with you, for the privilege of visitwhose heritage is the Melchizedek and second counselors. These men coning your stakes and wards and observPriesthood. However, the Aaronic stitute a part of the presidency of the

ing the high degree of loyalty and devoPriesthood for these young men beAaronic Priesthood of a ward. Theretion to the cause of the Lord, Jesus comes a great school of preparation for fore, the first counselor should be inChrist manifested by you. the higher order of the priesthood, the tensely interested in the welfare of

The Presiding Bishopric is most grateMelchizedek Priesthood. teachersplies to theor seconddeaconscounselor,and the sameaffordingapful for the high privilege we enjoy in The Lord, in making known to the a training for the twelveyear-old and

laboring with the youth of Zion. Of our Prophet Joseph the powers and the the fifteenyear-old boy which will

several responsibilities and duties, we rights of the priesthood, indicated in the qualify them to receive higher offices in are agreed that the most important is 107th section of the Doctrine and Covethe Aaronic Priesthood.

it is called the participation in directingour with you nants: "Why lesser The bishopric of the ward particiis because guiding the destiny appendof the it is an Aaronic priesthoodand

Priesthood of the church. I want to say age to the greater, or the Melchizedek pates in all of the steps which mark a

to you that laboring with boys and Priesthood, and has power in adminisyoung man's spiritual progress. First,

their ordinances."(D. securing confidence tering outward men,young & C. inthefastbishopric,meeting,theunderinfantthe boydirectionis preof is statement of 107:14.) the sweetest experience This the Lordand trust,

that can come into the life of any man. to the Prophet Joseph has provoked sented to the Lord to receive a father's

blessing the bish- a Second, name. and particularly part, thinking of boys, speaks on some one the memory myWhen his in fast directs opric baptism, and is related Latteras the to priesthood ofof the comes always Nazareth Boy

directs his assembled, confirmameeting If Saint particularly Latterdayto every that homes. mind, of period day His

is tion. the Third, conferred priesthood

itlife in as should age. Saint order years he of twelve were home was when

bishthe of the hands under upon him of people, be, the head the of the be one that home would custom JewishIt was it opric, conferred upon as Aaron Joseph Priesthood, the holding Melchizedek the attained a age of twelve, boywhen

Oliver Fourth, Smith and Cowdery. after the the of order priesthood the histo a of comhim member make home

for the bishopric adhim recommends all in that this of the sons age, and exGod,munity. Son a boy At was

Priestto the Melchizedek vancement life's the his twelve to over selected and age of wouldpected vocahave home

Fifth, the bishopric recommends Priesthood,tion. hold the Aaronic higher an aphood. assignments given was He

First for missionPresidency him to the to priesthood. the higherin the and, of the law, study if he qualipendage

service. Sixth, the the ary of bishop

fied, religious recognized the he by was all, It after that occurs to son a me certificate issues worthiness of a ward priest,leader, of the law. the as son a is father. is his to a an appendage He living, in clean, of evidence sweet which at the twelve of age boy JewishThe it father, his glorious part of and how the permits the enter to young man of privilege the attending extendedwas is to farelationship the of contemplate his receive the to of house endowLord ofthe the Passover, Feast which was ther in son connection holy the with and life's to his sealed be ments mate and inheld at of the Christ Jerusalem. age Christ. priesthood the of Jesus Lord As eternity. for time and fathertwelve His accompanied and is Priesthood the Aaronic an appendage

this celegreat to attendmother Jewish the to Priesthood, the Melchizedek son relationship contemplate the webration, lasted for week. which There- a is father, to his an hence appendage and established the divine priesthood by Asafter, parents, His and Joseph Mary, in the the of they one become work of the Christ Jesus between Lord young their atstarted journey, and homeward of Nazareth. Boy

it of the bishopric church, the and men first travel, of thethe they of end day inspiration great of source should a bediscovered not them. Jesus with was orthe of divine of the evidences motivation, to only but not and youth steps their immediately retracedThey igin is its orin the priesthood of /\ne to parents the preside and men who city, theto diligentand, searching after at ganization. the the of Standing head the Priesthood, parents over Aaronicly, in disthe temple, found they Jesus in as Priesthood Aaronic every ward bishoprics of cooperating members andcussing scribes the with wise and men priests, the three presidency high are to that together the these end youngthe the of day, problems propounding constituting bishopric of the the ward. the than become more Jewish men may questions to answering theand amazein of the church young The come men intwelve, at the law, son a of but boy these learning. ofment of men Mary the immediately contact with under and welltrained, stead faithful devoted, in herreproached the following son in direction these of judges common the of servants Christ. Lord Jesus dealt "Son,words: hast thus thou why Israel, these are men endowed who

with us? behold, thy father and I have with inspiration from on high to guide No young man can render service in

sought thee sorrowing. And he said and direct the destiny of these young the Aaronic Priesthood sincerely withunto them, How is it that ye sought me? servants of the Lord Jesus Christ. The out feeling the influence of the Boy of

wisf, ye not that I must be about my Fabishop, according to divine revelation, Nazareth. For example, the deacon

ther's business?"stands at the head of the priests'quowho participates in the administration

Jesus Christ, at the age of twelve, was rum, the Lord making it known to Joof the sacrament must think of the fact aware of His great mission in the world, seph Smith: "Also the duty of the presithat Jesus Christ was the first to pass the

and in this day, twenty centuries since dent over the Priesthood of Aaron is to sacrament to the congregation. It

the Boy of Nazareth lived, it is most preside over fortyeight priests, and sit should have a beautiful and sacred ininspiring to know that young men at the in council with them, to teach them the fluence upon the mind and heart of age of twelve are given definite priestduties of their office, as is given in the every deacon.

hood responsibilities. The Boy of Nazcovenants—This president is to be a The ordained teacher, whose right

areth received his training and assignbishop; for this is one of the duties of and duty it is, as the Lord indicates in

ments under the old Mosaic law. The this priesthood."(D. & C. 107:87, 88.) the 20th section of the Doctrine & Coveyoung servants of God today receive This is as it should be, for as a boy nants, verse 53, "to watch over the

their assignments and priesthood trainpasses from adolescence to young manchurch always, and be with and ing under the law and the divine direchood, the Lord's servant, the bishop, strengthen them,"is afforded a magniftion of Jesus Christ, who has set in mobecomes his counselor, becomes the icent opportunity in connection with tion the great training program for the president of the priests'quorum to their Melchizedek Priesthood comyoung men of the church. The priestwhich he belongs, preparing him to panions in watching over the flock and

hood extended to young men is the function in the office of a priest as did particularly in training young men in the

Aaronic Priesthood, after the order of John the Baptist of old, and eventually great art of teaching the divine laws of 330 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FRIDAY AFTERNOON A great deal is said about the probbring into fruition his statement, "Wist ** lem of juvenile delinquency, but ye not that I must be about my Fabusiness?"pray which I humbly in that consider our ther's often do how wethe gospel. He learns to express himthe the blessing only of not will be the implesolutions rests the and hands

self freely, and in preparing a message ments whereby the youth of Israel can Aaronic Priesthood but of the Melfor the people, he unconsciously conbe so trained that they will accept the chizedek Priesthood and every mother verts himself to the great truths of the declaration of the Boy of Nazareth, and every daughter in Israel.

restored gospel. Again this duty of "Wist ye not that I must be about my

theteaching follows the example people

B. LEE for of Nazareth, heof the Boy was the Father'strained properlybusiness?"and fullyAny inyoungthe Aaronman HAROLD

Great Teacher. ic Priesthood will so live that his par- (Continued from page 284)

The office of a priest is one of the ents will never be plagued with any kind would be if the bishops of wards and most inspirational offices of the entire of problem in juvenile delinquency. the presidents of stakes who have chappriesthood because of the duties inAn illustration of what priesthood trainlains or our coordinators from their

volved. To kneel at the sacrament table ing will do for a young man supported stakes now serving with the armed

and utter the revealed blessings on the by excellent parents came to my attenforces would write out that message bread and water as Christ repeated tion in a recent conference wherein a and ask that they include it in their them before His assembled apostles young man was invited to speak. He publications so that every boy in the

should inspire a young man to the most said: service might have the chance to have

high and noble motives and impress Brethren and sisters, in two days I will the words and the power of that blessupon him the necessity of living a sweet, be eighteen years of age, and you know ing.

clean life. The privilege of performing what that means to me. I expect to be inHere was the description of some of

the ordinance of baptism is one which ducted into the armed services of my counthe conditions of four hundred fifty of try. this thing a hard seems many To the priest impress themust upon young in that fewour boys African were and who

I, it is for there easy, as as but one youngreality the priesthood of authorthe and Italian area:

in divinity the of burns heart a testimony my itity carries, that for young no man this of great that of work, and because in the of infantry brethren our were Two uttercould the revealed baptismal prayis filled to testimony, heart overflowing killed my during the the beachhead. on month

feeling thater without has he indeed gratitude for the the blessings with many their that censor has us base informed The been commissioned of Jesus Christ. Lord has so generously bestowed upon me. names may not yet be divulged. I recall

With uplifted hand, he declares to the I'm grateful for my beloved parents, grateful the last time I saw them. It was at a sacracandidate and to the world, "Having for the priesthood I bear, and grateful for ment service in a makeshift medical disbeen commissioned of Jesus Christ, I the knowledge that should my life be taken pensary in a town taken a short time previ-

I battle, in shall return to him gave who me the of ously. administered sacrathem One inbaptize the the of Father, you name

life. for the grateful I'm of opportunity sing, to forefathers pioneer ment. used Our of the Son, of theand and Ghost. Holy spirit mortality, of the testimony and which before die should our "And we utterance theAmen."of prayer The I shall that to again whispers have me all through, my is well. then day, happy Wejourney'sgives the assurance, him the testimony, the privilege father that mother and and toil free are too, the sorrow, from with and

that his authority is valid, that the visof serving the Lord on the other side shall just we shall dwell."Those appropriate

itation of John the Baptist was a reality, be made available to me. words, "Come, Come Ye Saints,"seem to

particularly It to our day. apply probably thatand the priesthood holds he was attitude his of this young man, The will that welcome be news whohanded from Baptist the down John

his cleanliness, his testimony, implicit is formerly in reported missing action wasthrough Smith. Joseph

all faith results definitely splendid of are the prisoner of as a a war now known The Aaronic Priesthood affords the home and his loyal devoted service in in Germany.——is in the

hospital shell convalescing a fragment from the of cause the of Nazareth.privilege service, Boy of that with and servleg. his in Lieutenant woundice there comes a trainfundamental preside over Bishops young men last referred to as bewas month whoing in priesthood to the that work end to from twelve twentyone of years grateful his life for ing escaping with when

some day these young servants of the age, but there is another great army of a German one hundred fifty millimeter shell

Lord will receive their priesthood in36,880 men over the age of twentyone struck his truck and failed to explode, is this heritance, namely the Melchizedek in the wards and stakes of the church, month spending time in a hospital recuperatPriesthood, which priesthood is after still holding the Aaronic Priesthood. It ing from the aftereffects of the thunderous

jolt. released has been——the order the of In the is Son of God. needless out they, to point that to you

after for duty again recovering from anminds of the Presiding Bishopric, there too, responsibility are your mine, and shell fragment. encounter with ais no this question sacred privbut what souls in these are precious sight and the still is his foot injured having

ilege of priesthood service will inculof the Good Shepherd. There devolves looked after by the medics but expects

cate into the hearts of these youthful upon us the responsibility to so motivate to be returned to duty shortly.

servants a testimony of the restored them and inspire them to the end that had a brief career on white gospel, and they will become thoroughly they will qualify and make themselves sheets while getting over the effects of a shell his that piece crashed through mortar familiar the with fundamental principles to receive the worthy Melchizedek his scalp. helmet grazed and the of life plan of salvation. and Priesthood They all of its blessattendant and

fell eightfoot shaft well one dark an down are to taught in clean be ings. body and mind of the recently night while enerange under observingby God's law of health and future of the church The depends guns. is being my——- to observe the law of dependability, the of today. for upon youth leaderTheir arm. treated for shrapnel under the

an assignment to pass the sacrament, to ship will be no more effective nor efis being treated for frozen feet.

teach the people, to bless the sacrament, ficient than that for which you and I Three other L.D.S. men have been hospitalor to baptize someone is equivalent to qualify and train them. ized for minor illnesses and so on.

keeping an appointment with Jesus May we inspire every boy and young Then he quotes two brief statements

Christ. The lesson of rendering service man who comes under our direction to from two of our boys who have written

unto others exemplifies the second part so live the gospel and feel the imporfrom distant stations:

first the of great commandment, of tance the priesthood that "Love the young artillery shell landed most I had where An thy neighbor thyself."as sisters, the The payment companions of these boys it I been. recently don't whether was know tithing is of a manifestation their of will dealso and young men, influenced be to that inspiration luck or caused move, me

sire to return to the Lord his live portion for to righteously. at Then, fuit I some thankful. whatever but mighty was am

the building up sustaining and date, of his ture their of because virtuous here kingdom lives, the upon earth. Participathese young will And another said this: and men women

of editions the of those pocket one I have tion in the welfare affords program the a enjoy blessings the of priesthood

I just completed of have Mormon. Book training and experience that will qualilife's together their with companions.

it it let is the best reading say and book me fy fully for them the carrying of this on the bless us to Lord the May end I that I read. at ever the astounded have was most important efforts work they in when obtain our behalf of these young it tesprophecies contained. wonderful My a in place the Melchizedek servants of Priesthood. the of Boy Nazareth {Contintted page may on 332)

MAY, 1944 331 HAROLD B. LEE sacrament meetings we didn't expect GENERAL CONFERENCE

those from outside the ward to come (Continued page from 331) special to asus speak and except on

I I, to you, brethren, came when And I certainly has since increased timony been signment. to expected Every was man of or of excellency speech not with came the of read sincerely Book Mormon. himself that prepare called so he when the testimony declaring unto wisdom, you the gospel to say than means more any- I mecan said, could stand up, as give they "and of God.

all else thing in the world.

I for the to that anything a reason within determined not For hope know was

Christ, him and save you, Jesus I among their testimonies. him,"and remember I faith see of that the our such"\17hen crucified. their doctrinal discourses. I remember vv I exhibiting are say young men I in in weakness, and with you And was I I as a boy, remember grew how likewise, for the the thank Lord fear, in trembling. and much

I that spiritual kind of food. upon am preaching that the of gospel speech they was and havepower And my my asking are today, of partaking a we of wisdom, enticing man's with not words to guidehad them keep and them

safe. I contrast the words written modern trend that makes of our sacrabut in demonstration of the Spirit and of

little else meetings ment than sometimes power: this into student, statement the of young

in the faith stand not should for political your That place a for discussions or in expressing in disbelief heavenly a a in the of of God. but power men, wisdom is concerts? place This a time a and of picture with the reward, a young (I 2:1-5.) Cor. the to to ought teach when do more we of the vesstood the on prowman who

Israel, so plain of leaders doctrines the the simple gospel of than may we As sel going invasion the over toward that we, ourselves prepare study and have ever done we ward before. Our coast. the ship the neared coast As

the Paul, teachers like the Apostle should out be prepared may preach to gowithin hours'distance the two were men into docthe of the but the doctrines not world those homes of have not who nervous.becoming very commandThe

the Christ, that trines privileged of the to been Jesus Lord come to sacramenting officer to the results anxious as was of the mental strain upon the men. This meetings. So in all our activities may faith of Israel might not be builded on

faithful. of be as the power the but on teachbe of man the wisdom we Mayyoung man stepped forward and said, we

ers Christ, of pray as the I humbly be apostle the Lord Jesus we Zion. May

"Would you mind if I talk to the boys a Paul said to the Corinthians: in his name. Amen.

few minutes?"And one who heard his voice

wrote home to his father, a business man in the east, not a member of the church and said, "Father, that boy talked to us for two just hours, told a us that young man. He OSCAR A. KIRKHAM

lives even if our taken and were had we lives, lived clean good not need be we to talk it."appreciate Well, Council Seventy we began of the Of the First forconcerned, because a reward had God things. other about faithful, the actually, and weren't dead we

recently, delivered at the Address Friday I handed own daughter my lived spiritsbut again our and were more we active than they could be here in mortality."afternoon session of the 114th one of our new publications in church

He said, "Father, when I inquired of that annual general conference, literature and calling her by name I young man as to who he was, I found that April 7, 1944, in the said, "Here's a fine book. Hope you'll

he 'was a member of the Church of Jesus Tabernacle read it and enjoy it."She took the

Christ of Latterday Saints."book; then placed it over on the piano

In my home the other night, I had a pray that I may enjoy the blessings and said: "I'll tell you, father, I don't

young man who spent eleven months in of the spirit of the Lord. After want that book. I want to talk with

the Aleutian Islands, discharged be- I thirtyone years in service with the you,"and I heard something that pierced cause of shellshock and injuries, reyouth of this church it has been of great my heart.

cently baptized a member of the interest to me today to hear so much I recently went through the southern church. He told of having met some of said about youth. Recently at one of states mission and on a number of ocour boys up in the Aleutians, who inour stake concasions we had banquets given in honvited him to come up to their Sunday ferences one or of the Aaronic priesthood. In one

School. He said to me: of the leaders of the very large cities of the southland

city, in they invited the the of mayor of stake the

I Brother nearest thing the Lee, decan court, juvenile the the of other judge and to me, I saidscribe feelings in comparison as to my I will dignitaries to the banquet. never "Brother Kirkstood those with with boys and worshipped

I forget the of the judge saw when after the ham, I little feeling to asthem, used a a have was child when I clung to the knees of my mothmorning meetjuvenile court come in. He was smoker so that I wouldn't fall. Now the gospel ing I wish you ing a large pipe. He came rather courhas meant just that to me. I cling to it as would take the ageously up to the front, a fine southern

I used to cling to my mother, so I will not opportunity to gentleman, and he came as I suppose he fall. walk home came to many other banquets on other

As I saw this young man shattered with my son. occasions like this. He joined his friends

somewhat and in a highly nervous state, I wish you and the city commission, and the mayor the city In at the front. up a few morecent shellshock, a of have of thebecause would and

the ments program a began and boy talk disabilityin his physical with the OSCAR A. KIRKHAM little I thought of

many thousands of our boys who may him. He is not arose and said: "I have been asked to

come home to us, some of them maimed going to his Sabbath School, and speak about the Aaronic priesthood. I

and wounded as he, many of them I wish you would have a chat with am so happy to know that the Lord has wounded in their hearts, hurt in their him."So I looked for the opportufavored me to hold the Aaronic priestthinking, and all of them needing symnity. I took the chap by the arm, and hood, this great blessing of my Heavenpathetic understanding and direction. I we started down the street toward the ly Father to me, to hold his holy

t priesthood. I can know, I thought a very home. approach You asking of good this bodyam priesthood—are

drink, smoke; I can't the for I hold to say: recognizing responsibility would be know, as our for me "Youwe

priesthood quorums of the church to be you have a great father, a fine man,"priesthood of God,"and then I saw the the stay and the guide to these boys as and so I started out with words like juvenile judge take his napkin and they are now in service and to be that these, and then the boy immediately without much notice, cover his pipe.

agency that will welcome them back turned to me and said: "Brother KirkBrethren, I wonder if we are fair. I

into the fraternity of civilian life. ham, I wish you would talk to my father wonder if it is fair to say it is juvenile

for me. In all my life he has never delinquency. Maybe it's juvenile judge,

A S I thought of my own childhood exbeen with me to a movie. He has never and father delinquency. Maybe that's

"* perience and that which induced taken me with him. I haven't even had the truth. Of course some are delinfaith within me, I remember that in our a game of checkers with him. I would quent, but I want to appeal to you to

332 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

FRIDAY AFTERNOON prayer and obtain his spirit, for with spirit of God await this generation unthat spirit we shall be powerful in their til they are visited with utter desolasatisfaction, to sight, tion."the to our own

I faith thrilled in them. have by am of this furtherance the the glory of and God retoday, pick a paper up you Can I faith this feel of church. the of youth for great pray which I humbly work cities in porting great destroyed, countryin it is definitely heart the greatest my Christ. of the Jesus Amen. name laid sides barren, feeling that without fulfil generation. to have come They

destiny. They have come to do a work the Prophet spoke as a prophet. He

that spirits the challenges greatest of JOHN A. WIDTSOE notinto onlythe lookedyears tointocome,the nextand day,into butthe it. yes, are doing and I feel they Oh,

ages that lie before. some of them falter—there is a fringe. (Continued from page 280)

Surely, there always will be. soon after Christ, when Peter himself But in the spirit of the gospel, he set

was inclined to believe that the gospel about at once to find a solution, for f went to the university yesterday, was for a limited few, in a limited place, coming distress. This is what I found.

* after our afternoon meeting, and met until God himself, by revelation, taught I found three principles that appeared four hundred fifty fine youths. A member Peter that God's work is for all the to be a solution of the world's troubles,

of the faculty of that university said: world and all who dwell upon it, who but specifically and particularly pertain-

"Kirkham, I've had a great time today. have dwelt upon it, and who shall dwell ing to the United States. He was thinkMy, how thrilling it is to meet the youth upon it. ing about the United States—they were

living in this the at generation!"United States that time; of told he Then me this that the conference they within problems States. had his class they the challenged him inhow

if (I sometimes he wonder rooms. First, the certain Prophet laid down in three he months foresawProphet—It wasthatat would

that hear Did principles. foundation you young man who the peobe on down martyred)—bore Seas, not the from Southcame home finish ple to to the temple, secure and is "It to our build purpose and up long ago, he and when came Sunday their the as endowments, most among establish the of principles righteousness,

let's said: "Father, Mother, to church go for do. things to important them to and not or destroy."break down father the today."to turned him And this conference, missionary That tremendous a meaning. had At work We is that said, rather and "Say, new. seek establish stressed. to also Brigham was and Young invited to to church neverYou've go me righteousness—yes; but not are destroyers; earnestdiscoursed Smith both buildwe are Hyrum we said before."the man, "Well,"young ers. all ly that good, accept missionary work. on has come We experience, "I Father, great had a down years. the through down I the the of conferread minutes As tradSeas. in the South I was day One

ing with a black man. He had a fine ence, I said to myself: "These teachAnd he continues piece of carved ivory, and I was giving ings are like those of 1944—the same "And I proclaim, in the name of the

him a piece of jewelry in exchange, subjects, objectives, and requirements, Lord God Almighty, that I will fellowand he handed the ivory over to and the same obligations, and the same ship nothing in this church but virtue, me and then said, 'Are you sure you will eternal truths to guide us in our work."integrity, and uprightness."

It this in the that conference was I this trade?'said to withbe and happy for a seeking in man To Mormonism revelation relative stakes. to came I his the of deepmeaninghim, caught as nutshell, a perhaps these statetwo of Stakes Zion organized bebeen had ask thought,er makes you me 'What ments offering. be a would good Upon fore, the this said but ocProphet on 'Oh,'said black the question?'that such a platform the Prophet, in the: casion missionary years a agoman, 'A few midst of persecution, could calm, be un- "I instructions received have the from the told island, this he to and mecame ruffled, carry could and steadiforward that henceforth the Lord wherever told he of Nazareth, ofstory and Jesus ly the of the Lord. work elders Israel shall of build churches up it if must real happinessus had we "the branches and Second, declared the for unto he necessity throughLord within.'fromcome

full states, the out shall there the conformity stake with of Constitution a of be his to the said young man "Well,"If the States. organized."United Zion desire proswe of "Ifather some mother, want and this of specifically mentioned in perity, that land must He conform we

I had. thethat. black man want what to lie of principles course the time stakes that should in be orimbedded

life."to in that went They I want my the in ganized in Constitution the of States. City and York BosUnited Newchurch. ton. said, For, is of that Part prediction he through such already conformity

I sincerely feel that 1944 will probabfulfilled, for we have a stake in New we shall win liberty of conscience, and ly be one of the greatest years in all York. protection for the weak and for the

recorded history, and I try to say those oppressed. Without the preservation

words very thoughtfully. From what Tt was a great conference. But, the of this right and protection, there is no

has been said by our commanding ofLatter-day Saints have ever been true freedom. The church has ever

ficers of the armed forces of the allies willing to apply eternal truths to everyfought for the untrammeled conscience.

and what has been said by thoughtful day needs. You recall that Elder Lee The great welfare program is but

men, this is to be truly a great year. I said that we are a practical people. We the working out of the principle indo not know when battles shall cease, believe that the great things of life herent in the gospel; that the weak and

but the leaders all declare this is the begin here, today, and that we have the the oppressed shall be protected. These

hour of destiny. right to enjoyment and happiness, toprinciples embody the very spirit of

We are facing a great election in the day, as in the great day to come. the church.

to going are be States, andUnited men the his So, Prophet, last during year, Third, laid he principle a which down in opinions positivetried. have frequently spoke practical upon We matthis to comes us year. home Brother

I will have, alwaysAmerica. hope I ters. we not the to have time discuss his it. It barely Kirkham mentioned so other will understand eachand that relative we views to the building of a comin that happened there 1844 be would of in defense the freely speakwhen we the relationship monwealth, between presidential a fall, election the following

live tolearn to ideas. mustour industry, agriculture, and manufacturWe the and others Prophet and spoke about

it truth face speak asgether and and ing. is said That which he readgood the of election. problems that Hyrum light. us gives ingGod today, might read and be profit with Smith, the fellowmartyr of the Proph-

I appeal to you, my brethren, and I by the empiremakers of today. et, delivered an impassioned sermon,

talk most to myself, may God help us One thing which he said, as he looked giving no quarter whatever. I shall read

that we shall have faith in youth. May into the future, refers to us, I believe. a passage or two

we live worthy of their leadership. May He said:

we search deeply into our own lives for "I prophesy, in the name of the God We engage in the election, the same as the troubles about us, and may God of Israel, anguish, and wrath, and desany other principle; you are to vote for good

give us strength to go to him humbly in olation, and the withdrawing of the (Continued on page 334)

MAY, 1944 333 JOHN A. WIDTSOE of Arethe gospelnot theseof love,three libertyprinciplesand arightpart GENERAL CONFERENCE

(Continued from page 333) eousness? Are not these voices out of

Truly, parents are sometimes this, it sin: is a do do not andmen, if you delinquent. theWepasthavefor uswrittenof thisa day?great Ihistory.take it so.In daughter. sin. for a wickedto vote be would men

Choose the good and refuse the evil. Men it lie the principles of action that will I thought, as Brother Joseph Fielding

of false principles have preyed upon us like redeem, reform, purify and cleanse this Smith was speaking about family praywolves upon helpless Iambs. Damn the rod earth and the people who live upon it. er, of a little lady who, returning from

his everyof curse it. tyranny; Let man use report to me; to bless us us as be with her mission and field, came May God

. Constitution;liberties the to according Italian."Saints,.. Latterday us strong sounds and and I said, "That name make

States, the of president United a wantwe I said, is."truth, in like "It of defense your the said: unto "Are She Hyrum

the president, of but a party a presidentnot 'Oh, giving church?"of the Smith, asking and and no parents Joseph members dispresident people, party for awhole

is I said, said. truth stake, quarter no,"is at I pray, she "Well,""how when presiparty.franchises the opposite Have a

dent who will maintain every man in his in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. it possible for you to be a Latterday

rights. Amen. Saint?""Well,"she said, "I went to

work for a Mormon family, and the first evening I was there the father called the family in to of one he asked prayer, and FRIDAY EVENING SESSION little for the the to youngsters pray had entered the contest, and this young whole family, and do you know, Brothlittle that er Smith, prayed for what boy the scholarship. lad won Mormon

I of I he never heard wanted, had and the presiding bishopric had NICHOLAS G. am sure that

something to do with this. The house such a thing as asking the Lord for

I I it thought such wanted. was at what lesser priesthood filled with well was

I that to the sense began to good go SMITH gain inthat conference. boys These

beSchool Sunday and finally in all they spiration the things have to Mormon Assistant to the Council of the Twelve parents objected came baptized. My presiding things that the from the do

finally rather strenuously, conbut gave for them. doing are They the at Friday bishopric delivered Address sent, then with the family and good responsibility, learn and I am to know 114th the session evening to I lived finance offered misof whom my is that for being the grateful program

I filled mission sion, and I have and general conference, my annual effect church. the throughout put into

returned going to back and home am in the 6, 1944, April I this a session afternoon's After met

I to see with can what do Mexico New Tabernacle telling Angeles lady from was Los who there parents."are Truly, some my who guilds at of recently her that one me

it isn't prayer, family have a and wonis inspiring this brethren, an talking about a prominent lawyer was derful thing that result such a could I rejoiced sight. have you youth. With has the of been problems Much

the eightyear- of from prayer an come conferthe of IMYin the proceedings here today. said remarked youth about

ence thus far; President Grant's great that Brother Oscar Kirkham had said old child to cause one to join this

message to us, and then the word that he didn't think it was a matter of the church?

is Petersen it a delinquent, being butcame that Brother Mark to youth was '\17'e should all of exemplary, be more the be new delinquent, of parents matter were who this block there stands a * "us. On apostle. this said, lawand she know, you "Do

Some twenyer said to us that in the community temple dedicated many years ago; an

ty years ago a where he was, whenever a child cominstitution that should attract all the young couple mitted a crime and there was a sentence members of the Latterday Saint moved into the imposed, the sentence was imposed upChurch. The Prophet Joseph Smith was

ward where I on the parents and they had to serve very explicit in his instructions in represided as the time in jail, and that had reduced gard to temple work. Brigham Young

bishop, and as crime in their community down to two declared it would be the greatest work

I approached percent of what it had been."I think performed by man on this earth. Each

them and parents have something to think about. of the presidents of the church has

just in as emphatic been the importance hands shook

I letter a received from a Decently, of temple work. to Wilford Woodruff, with them ** saying, Brother I mother "Dear listened offered as the he dediwhom young manthe looking Smith, mind would you in catory up my Salt the prayer Lake Temple, is said, "This

into getting her daughter some good and thus G. himself: expressed SMITH NICHOLAS wife, my to she wanted weeks ago Some I Marr, and am home? the this Latterday Saints want from We is fifteen of to Salt years Lake. go She

I said, Petersen,""I hope and their to trace timeMark far as genealogies as they father, really but age. her needs She this sealed can to their fathers and be she won't and Mark,"and mar mothyou

is to give the with sheep too he busy ers; children sealed to have parents andsaid, "I well won't,"can and you know

I ten attention, her but raked up much this run far chain through as as can you hasn't, truly forthat she she been has it. sent is dollars to Salt City"her and Lake the get will the of to This his Lord fine this inspiration toan a blessing and

I people. life that age. start fifteen pray at as of a people our years out God—to inyoung every is worthy man way who to eyes see, be ears opened our to may led to scent the check I began and meto the position hold has to which he hear to hearts our the understand great and I discourt; juvenile there the to and

called.been rests and that mighty shoulwork our upon that her they covered found and had

that ders the of and requires heaven God I the presiding congratulate to in their possession. her want located and had at hands. our

bishopric in the job they are doing for When I asked what the difficulty was, the youth of this church. A few weeks they said she registered at a hotel which Lorenzo Snow and Joseph F. Smith

ago I was in Lyman Stake, and a young cost two and a half a day, and the have been just as emphatic. President

man by the name of Amber C. Davidsecond day she appeared with a soldier Grant, who has been as fully awake to

son, a seventeenyear-old youngster and continued on with that friendship this responsibility as any of the others was there taking part in the exercises and the hotel people permitted her to has said, "I do not ask anybody who is at stake conference. Recently he was stay there until the hotel bill was sevenas busy as I am to go to the temple any

awarded a twentyfour-hundreddollar teen fifty and finally they put her out, more than I do. If you can get it into

scholarship by the Westinghouse peoand she and this soldier registered in a your heart and soul that this is one of ple as showing the most scientific aptiChinese place here in the city as man the most important things you Lattertude of any young man in America. Fifand wife; the father was too busy with day Saints can do, you will find a way

teen thousand seniors from high schools his sheep to give any attention to his to do it. That is the one lesson above

334 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FRIDAY EVENING thorities in undermining character what poison gas is to the physical body. O. DAVID I it is strongly, that putting but Now,

Iall like that to impress others would it is true. should as believe avoid We you."upon the whisper "Slander poison over whose McKAY these adsolemn Notwithstanding level diameter, the as world's as cannon the First Presidency the Of presidents of themonitions by its its flank, shot."transports to poison

taken very not people ourchurch, have is letter illustrates that a Here what at the delivered Friday

I temple to picked an Address work. upmuch people's forming hasty about I mean, 114th session the evening of it I think report, 1940, which was,old sufficient judging evijudgment, without general conference, annual eleven thouthat three hundredshowed it to hesitate refer to dence. because in the 7, 1944, April

their taken outsand members had own it is in also complimentary a and wayI Tabernacle first since the endowmentsendowments the writer the has Savior done what were given. The church now has, as the words of Peter on the Mount has asked us to do; viz, "If you have

you heard today, nine hundred thirtyINof Transfiguration, "it is good to be aught against your brother, go to him.seven thousand people in it—nearly a here."That exclamation expresses Between thee and him alone, adjustmillion—and less than one third of the the feeling of Latterday Saints whenyour difficulty."But there are other elemembership who now live have taken ever they meet in sincerity of purpose ments in the letter which prompt me to

out their own endowments since the to worship the Lord. read it to you as illustrative of this

beginning of the church; and yet we Our souls are enriched, not only by theme. I hope the writer will either

have temples built and building. They what is said but by what is felt in just hear or read what I am saying. Then,

used to have seven sessions running in being together. I pray that I may be too, there may be others who may be

the Salt Lake Temple; now they have guided by that same spirit during the thinking along the same lines as this

four, and many of them are not very few moments that I stand before you. writer.

crowded. in a while you will find Once duties, the of paramount One I To quote:

session. crowdeda the of parmight duty paramount say

I wonder if it wouldn't be a good ents is to win and merit the confidence I am writing you in reference to the thing if the priesthood, the shepherds of and respect of their children. Equally church statistics that are read from the

the flock, would put into the hearts and paramount in the life of a bishopric of stand in the April conferences every year in are later published Salt and which Lake is confimerit the to a and win the of ward thethe people and minds memnewspapers. friends of Some and mymy their ward. the of people of the thoughts the of exdencebership Too church self rather the puzzled been have figures by their confidence the of parents few have for thepressed of prophets you God, by are out as they each given year. We officers in children. are too few There that the so conremember Lord was couldn't the understand tremendous growth

cerned about this work that one night the church who have the confidence of in church membership since 1938 as comhe sent an angel here to earth to talk the members, particularly of the young pared to previous years. We have all kept

to a boy. Three times that night he people of wards and stakes. the statistics since they were first published.

gave the selfsame message. "Behold,"I feel impressed to say a word about One of my friends is a certified accountant.

rest the as as puzzled of us until was He destroys that conwhich this to three timessaid that something boy, he that discovered the he although of number Savior occasion on oneslight fidence. The next the then again morning: and in the children baptized stakes missions and

said: in the and converts baptized stakes misand I will reveal the PriestBehold, unto you

hood, by the hand of Elijah the prophet, beJudge not, that ye be not judged. sions had been added to the church memberfore the coming of the great and dreadful For with what judgment ye judge, ye shall ship, there had been no deductions on acday of the Lord. And he shall plant in the be judged; and with what measure ye mete, count of deaths in our church membership

hearts of the children the promises made to it shall be measured to you again. throughout the world.

the fathers, and the hearts of the children And why beholdest thou the mote that is shall turn to their fathers. If it were not so, in thy brother's eye, but considerest not the Then follows this insinuation or acthe whole earth would be utterly wasted beam that is in thine own eye? cusation:

at his coming.

Then in strong condemnatory terms Of course we are all aware that this

What a dramatic statement. Now, he said: method is used by the Roman Catholic

mind you, up to this time nothing had Church, but is it honest? According to figures

been said about baptism for the living. Thou hypocrite, first cast out the beam recently released by the state board of

of thine out shalt eye; then thou and own five health there thousand were hundred twoIt our Father seemed Heavenly was clearly to cast so see the of out out mote in thy ninetytwo deaths 1943. Utah fathers, our anour aboutconcerned 7:1-3, brother's eye. (Matt. 5.) figures are incomplete. Those know we Weduring thiscestors, that that the message was large in a church have membership Utah,

plainthat scripture of greatest context to of import, the The beseemed in also parts Idaho other and and Canada that the priesthood was to be revealed ly indicates that the sin the Savior is of the United States. I think a conservative

and that the children's hearts should be condemning is the disposition to look figure for the number of deaths in our church turned to their parents or that the whole unfavorably on the character and aceach year would be about five thousand.

earth should be wasted at his coming. tions of others, which leads almost inWhatever the actual figure, would it not

Brethren, let us think about these words variably to the pronouncing of rash, unbe more honest to deduct the figures from instead church our of membership keeping just, unlovely them.that direct judgments upon our from come Heavenly

list? I dead on our as as men anxious am often these his judgments through prophets.Father are are formed Very We in to church see our today anyone our memafter evidence, on insufficient superadmonished and responto our to be awake it bership grow, to see but I want grow by

sibilities. ficial observations, and people who form fair means.

in the express them and presence them bless help us to wise, us and be God is I there don't the venom, Then know of children chilinto put poison those that broad,big and won't get abwe against whom: dren's minds. at Parents the speak who just in insorbed or temple work any table against bishopric, the against a the course guess the of can Of name weother that work, one but be we may teacher, president, stake other or any for is responsible the fantastic man who way in theinterested that things the Lord officer the of are, unwittingly, church less the of said bookkeeping, but about him us towants forth put do and our every perhaps, the better. assuredly but lessening in mosteffort to that see shall our example be

their children's the minds respect and will that while to beone the worth Gives Answer in authorities. confidence churchflock over preside, as and whom we

It is that our part do will not accusation that indicaand towe need we Slander—A Deadly Weapon tion the children. about ofworry bless which prompts venom God me to

and inspire us and direct us in his priest- ""\ne of the most deadly weapons of say what I am going to say.hood to live as he would have us live warfare is the poison gas. Slander I said to him:

is my prayer in Jesus'name. Amen. is to a child's confidence in church au- {Continued on page 336)

MAY, 1944 335 find the character you in life when GENERAL CONFERENCE DAVID O. McKAY later

undermined, wonder what is you may (Continued from page 335) wrong. Then, too late, you may disIn your concluding paragraph you say cover that termites have undermined This poor old soul had been brought

are as in here, as anxious the torn ouryou church from mooranyone away down the termites of of slander, faith—the to seetoday membership our but grow, friends, you lifetime, ings of her a away faultfinding.

it to see fair means.want grow imby The live squalor, the to in children, from her against has us warned Lord The is thatplication in course, statement, of an chilstate, her the charity while of ward beginning. faultfinding the frominsult He to the authorities, the church and property. her dren had

it it is is said that the teacher'sthought behind to see faithof duty unworthy any ful Latterday Saint. For your information there is no backbiting or evil speaking. When I think of your mother and my

I am pleased to give you the following remother, who bore us, who went down the statisticsgarding gathering of which us; for into of the the valley shadow Organization Wonderful A

or entirely accurate, at not be butmay may I us, think of nursed they when how the organization wonderful I it is a rate honest. called theany \T7hat presidup births, their of our before blood blood "*ing bishopric is, to ascertain the of in detail method every church and how after their bodies fed our us from and statistics.gathering is the supEach ward the out to the marked seems have Lord I births, their for think of caring when isplied with as E, what which known Form signs, as well has as he shown danger

all childsicknesses the through ofis transcript the a record of of ward memsuc- to happiness the and road paved in fivebers us of one marriages, births, covering divorces, can remember ushood—I cess.blessings, confirmations, ordinations, deaths diphtheria, sick with with no room

I is to parents of the said prime dutyand the excommunications. beginning of At all I think nurse of but Mother; when

trust confidence, the the merit to and win isevery the year ward membership broken the that anxieties they through passed

If children. their to with trust the regard of priesthooddown you mem-—the all trials to upbringing, the our overbers; priests, seventies, high elders, priests, it, better worry, haven't had you you I path, straight in the us keep whenteachers, deacons, and of male number memlose them. better pray. had may You far far, for us toiled of think they howbers, female of number of members, number turned children of Lord's the Onethird strength, their cooking, washbeyond childrenmale the chilof female and number free their agency. But away. had Theydren; I right ing, after then of and that think there sewing, are mending; when

let to give to us to us power pray God increases,columns covering baptized, those it all this, terrible thing to a seems me children. the of our confidence winconverts children, and those received from I that to deed ask mother would my fathers of the bishoprics,other wards, you missions, children blessed. from And little over the to had, she property me follows decreases: toThen the other that have Removed you may

I as over her turn should that then andwards, to missions, removed redeaths and people. trust the wards—prayconfidence of and And state, the charge charity on public a the record, frommoved children over nine if any, to against aught have you go

I little I had the property ate while baptized.not up are not counted They as memthem.

bers. to give to decreases. are me. her total These basely induced deThe

is that told story a a There companycreases are then subtracted the from such memhimself condemned Lord The of special seeking botanists flowsomebership 1st, as of the plus increases January the told Pharisees. in the conduct He in ers the Rockies, up Canadian cameof the year, result is the of the which exact to seeking that they were when Jews rare flower to themembership very of a one as of on day ward down 31st December the responsibilities old of comthe avoidof year. each it cliff. side of the reach they a To thy father and thy "Honor mandment, their steps retrace to have would go and kind In bringing the about some mother,"will see above paragraph by you miles to valten the up from back come longerthat is they every death in situation no reported the where legal of ward if ley that below. suggested Someone their of keeping forand the deducted the from responsible memberward were let a could boy they rope a they hadship. they were that mother, father and sugspecimens. That the pick to down of absolute commandment the violating that fact the gestion prompted Attitude by was Condemns

for God. little following them been had boy is there that brethren, his a for this me, writer to It seems commend weXJow, silently. hour, watching them about an*- thy "honor to child every to lead asinterest in the church, a and his way the got rope and said: They that days thy mother: father thy and the accountant, butsociates expert and

will lad, we'll give if you you $5 Here, the which land the long upon be the of conclusions hasty may condemnwe to us permit this and around you rope put thee."giveth thy their thaterror conclusions Lord some God and

flowers. those to get you down live: I rather humbly Brethren would in let fair the in church have not beenmen

giving out statistics. As I visualize the Without saying a word the lad in a log hut, surrounded by my children,

little group working and working, testscampered off. They thought they had near my old home, among my old

ing these figures I fancy I can hear unfrightened him. He went to a house friends, than to live, torn away from

lovely remarks made. We are justified nearby and soon came back with a man all these, the charity inmate of a state

in that conclusion from that venomous by his side. Then the little fellow anpalace.

statement about who, he imswered: some man The Constitution just strictly honest.plies, is not You may put that rope around me, and

I don't know how many young peo- I'll get the flower, if you'll let my dad hold T want to say just one word about a ple have heard that; but those who the rope. * subject that was touched today by

I lives into their Constituthe poisonhave, put and had Brother Widtsoe. mean officers parents us as help and God their inthe distrust States. of tion the seeds of United sown trust of our such merit to the church I in to I authorities. often sothoughts myself church expressed toward have

I of girls, in the pray, name and boys

I life in go that this need of nothing of priesthood our whichknow body home Christ. Amen. Jesus

I this. believewill in to influence to details people tend about But young no

stray from the duties in the church or the Constitution was inspired. The

the path of virtue in the church so quick- J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. Lord said so. The Prophet said so; and

ly and effectively as will faultfinding by (Continued from page 271) the prophets since Joseph have said so;

parents; even talking carelessly about relief. We heard of a case the other and I am not prepared to consider the

the weakness of bishops; even making day that was tragic beyond measure. Constitution in any other light.

slighting remarks about the Relief SoThe mother, a widow, had deeded her I believe God inspired the Constituciety teachers who come, or laughing property to her children; she had setion because he knew that without the

at the ward teachers, or saying that the cured a gratuity from the state; and guarantees which that Constitution carward teachers'visits aren't effective. then the children sent her away from ries as to personal liberty, his work

These things in the presence of chilher home, away from the children, away could not be established on the earth.

dren are like termites eating the foundafrom her friends, down to one of those We sometimes hear: "Well, the Lord

tion of your house, crawling up into the boarding places here in this city, where can inspire rulers to change the Conwoodwork. they "take care"of old people—I put stitution. He inspired the first ConstituParents, you may not see the evil "take care"in quotes—for a consideration, he can inspire changes."

effect of it all at once, but some time tion. I should like to point out to you that

336 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

FRIDAY EVENING us always to walk down the straight gospel and a reverence for our prophet,

SUNDAY MORNING andknowledgenarrowofway,the givetruthfulnessus alwaysof thethe seer,the nameand ofrevelator,Jesus Christ.I humblyAmen.pray, in

in that inspired document, the Constituthe prescribed the way, tion, the Lord SUNDAY MORNING SESSION the inspired frameprocedure by which of that Constitution thankfulwork that I know that Christ I am could be DAVID 0. McKAY ischanged. the Constitution Redeemer. Whenever my

(Continued page from 273) it is in that will be an way, amended is of a day, sacred day a Toaster that will the approve; Lordamendment the *-"'promise: as have "Inasmuch ye It worship. divine thanksgiving and

it is inbut other whenever any amended least these the of brethit unto done my rejoicing just is for because not day a folprescribed, than are he notway it ren, we have unto ye me."done springtime, not of of merely the opening the oflowing the commandment Lord gospel, "bids the strong bear The beautiful hats to display opportunity an to liberties expect lose must ourand and the the to the burdens of use weak, and is for fine occasion an and clothing—itfreedom. their advantages larger given them by for gratitude to of expression the God in orConstitution framed was The interest in the opportunities of the comhis sent into only Begotten Son having

is the minorities. protectder to That level of huthe that good, whole truth, the the mon "the to the world, way, be

constitutions. In of writtenpurpose lifted of the path manity life,"and be truth eternal that the may to declare

minorities that protected might beorder spiritual the to attainment be opened in believeth should him "Whosoever in our of the under matter amendments as as well life."ignorant,"everlasting perish but not most and weakest have

that theConstitution, required the Lord intelligent. strong Christians the to the throughout and When only should beamendments made their this in faith coursing world have

large of operation the very maLife Standards V. of The in their feel loyalty they blood, a when

for in the actionthroughjorities—twothirds Christ, the hearts to resurrected to and perthe Finally, one since Jesus was as the threefourthsSenate, among and principles the thereby, connoted manrising in he, lived, as ever fect man who is states. inspired, the prescribed This

first will great the kind step taken have is death, and conquered the dead, fromorder.

for perpetual the peace which toward utterly earth, the of Lord how now if are to But an have amendment we praying: daily are Reject him and we is foolish he extremely weak, who how will the of or small of one a man,by filled will hatred, the be with and world reject Christ's wilfully of would way if the can they amend of men,group in recurring drenched wars. blood by fact life, light in of the especially the the shall lose thenConstitution, we

Constitution; because each succeeding that such rejection leads only to unhapModern Revelation

person or group who come into a posipiness, misery, and even to death. Confirming the irrefutable testimony

tion of place and power where they What a more delightful world this of Christ's early apostles, the Church can "amend"the charter, will want to would be if, for example, men earnestly of Jesus Christ proclaims the glorious amend it again, and so on until no strove to apply Christ's advice: "If ye vision of the Prophet Joseph Smith as

vestige of our liberties shall remain. have aught against a brother, go to follows

Thus it comes that an amendment of him."Or, again, his admonition: "seek And now, after the many testimonies

our Constitution by one person or by first the kingdom of God and his rightwhich have been given of him, this is the a group is a violation of the revealed eousness,"which means, simply, be not testimony, last of all, which we give of him:

will of the Lord to the church, as that so anxious about wordly things as to That he lives!

will is embodied in that inspired Conmake them of superior worth to spiritual For we saw him, even on the right hand recbearing of the voice heard and God; we attainment.stitution.

is that ord the of he Begotten the Only Brethren, let us think about that, beThe Savior condemned hypocrisy Father cause I say unto you with all the soberand praised sincerity of purpose. Keep That by him, and through him, and of

ness I can, that we stand in danger of your heart pure and your actions will him, the worlds are and were created, and losing our liberties, and that once lost, be in accord therewith. Social sins the inhabitants thereof are begotten sons

only blood will bring them back; and lying, stealing, dishonest dealing, forniand daughters unto God.

once lost, we of this church will, in cation, and the like are first committed And this is the Gospel, the glad tidings, the voice the heavens of out which bore forward, going the churchorder to keep in thought.

record us unto more sacrifices and to make morehave Jesus taught that an unsullied charinto the world, he came even Jesus, That persecutions to endure than we have acter is the noblest aim of life. As John to be crucified for the world, and to bear the

yet known, heavy as our sacrifices and W. Powell aptly says: sins of the world, and to sanctify the world,

grievous as our persecutions of the past and to cleanse it from all unrighteousness;

have been. Not possessions, nor fame, nor honor; That through him all might be saved

physical prosperity; not success nor not into the Father put had his power whom to serve give a desire us the LordT17[ay these of can ease. pleasure and None and him. (D. 76.) C. made by & of give us a spirit he spirit;*** him. nor satisfy completely.the.. human May

oneness, between the ward bishoprics fulfil the highest demands of life. Conclusion

and their members, between the presiNo man has attained who has not become "D rethren and sisters: As Christ lived

of true loyal and pure man, and a good their bebishops, stakes ofdents and all after shall death men, so each the at character, bought soul; though whose the of stakes presidents the andtween his in for taking place the next world all existence, of aims of the cost common the authorities, betweengeneral and fitted himself. has best he which The of test temptation and will every stand the

general authorities and the president of bring him into communion with the divine. message of the resurrection, therefore,

the church, the prophet of God, his is the most comforting, the most gloriprophet, seer, and revelator, and so Herein, brethren, lies the true source ous ever given to man, for when death sustained by us, who are the priestof the testimony: "I know that my takes a loved one from us, our sorrowhood leadership of the church in conRedeemer lives."No man can sincerely ing hearts are assuaged by the hope and

ference assembled. This oneness must resolve to apply in his daily life the the divine assurance expressed in the

be on the revealed will of the Lord to teachings of Jesus of Nazareth without words the president of the church, as prosensing a change in his nature. The "He is not here: he is risen."Beclaimed by him. No other oneness can phrase "born again"has a deeper sigcause our Redeemer lives so shall we.

bring us safety and security, and in no nificance than what many people attach I bear you witness that he does live.

other oneness can we go forward buildto it. This changed feeling may be in- I know it, as I hope you know that diing the church and bringing salvation to describable, but it is real. vine truth.

mankind. Happy the person who has truly May all mankind some day have that

God bless us all, give us his spirit, and sensed the uplifting transforming power faith, I pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

help us so to live that the Holy Ghost that comes from this nearness to the Amen.

may be our constant companion, help Savior, this kinship to the living Christ. ( Conference continued on page 338

MAY, 1944 337 GENERAL CONFERENCE Jahernacte ou anJO,man Choir sang, "Lord Now Victorious"

Mascagni from "Cavalleria Rusticana.")

life. believeth he in me, though He that

Believest dead, yet thouDuringa.m., thethe regularperiod fromSunday10 tomorning10:30 BROADCAST wereEvans: "I am the resurrection and the shall he live.

nationwide broadcast of the chothis: Yea, Lord, I believe."

brief ral spoken music organ and and fairest near the of hover youth the theme: many Dew.") (Organ "As the as of part presentedcomment was its lands choices and among make the This hour from Evans: Sabbath proceedings. conference general This

is quite another them the of Until is ended. Crossroads West we fifits willprogram, which complete lives are thing—youth,fromplans with whose hills, and crowded the thoughts again unto beckon your of teenth continuous nationwide year

this always with and should day conpeace be you, be who in this year,broadcasting of was July is offered that peace him by who prospects—youth,fident in the of promise to days many—evenmay the choirpresented tabernacle and by will the of yet Peace, Prince come who live come, as paradoxically, but who,

the organ, courbroadcast through and again as promised. has he less though they time than the aged. had

perfacilities the nationwide 769th concludes the This tesy of Columbia and his shorthast of days thou youth "The this the of broadcast formance from Morcoast-tocoast System'sBroadcasting.. ened. long, wilt hide Lord? thou How preSquare, Tabernacle Temple on mon States. throughoutnetwork, the United

.. thyself forever?. short. Remember its how the sented and network Columbia by written broadcast, announced andThe is."time affiliated 89:4547.) (Psalm originating stations, with Thus Radio my originated Evans, L. Elder Richardby in Salt City. Station in the Lake tragic spoke deKSL Psalmist—and station Salt City, radiowith Lake KSL, the fade voices of the choir organ and As spair the story there end, except might

and was presented as follows: for the assurance of Easter, which our within these echoing walls, so will they rethis turn at over next hour Sunday same world needs than ever before more now

stations, coastto-coast, confrom Columbia.. its in history. uneasy "Remember fifteenth traditional tinuing the of this year Tabernacle Broadcast

. is.". is short time how. Time. my Square. short, broadcast from Temple

Sunday, April 9, 1944 whether you're twenty or whether The singing of the Tabernacle Choir was you're eighty. "A thousand years in thy conducted by J. Spencer Cornwall. Alexthe playing began (Organ "As Dew,"the at Schreiner organ. The ander was is it sight are but as yesterday when

into the choir broke organ thenand and Evans. by Richard word spoken.. carriest past as them away. Thou to singing of secRaise"end "Gently words is Broadcasting Columbia This CBS—the.. flood."a 90:4, with 5.) (Psalm for line choir point which from hummed ond System.

... tomorrow "For But. we die."verse.) of to endannouncer's background

don't! Life goes and we on—here the passing L. Evans: Richard With

if for us, of then not here, most and of now days, once sevenanother welcome you we ALBERT E. BOWEN forgetfulwith somewhere in Salt City, to Square Lake else—notmore Temple page 283) (Continued from ness, acute but of all with that memories are theas heard music word spoken and

again from the "crossroads of the west."At has been, and with the promise of all ter draw strength from the assurance

this hour Columbia presents the 769th nacherished things renewed... "Rememthat the life of her loved one has not

tionwide performance of this traditional ber how short my time is."... To youth failed. Perhaps, within his finite limitabroadcast, now in its fifteenth consecutive pressed in for time, to youth a generagreat of the tions, in a weak similitude

year. tion of uncertainties, Live your we say: the for offering vicarious of the Lord

is conducted Choir Tabernacle by The as they though continue would has too, of the boy, race her forredemption is Schreiner Alexander Cornwall.Spencer will! they assurance life, And this offering. vicarious For his a given J. livesever—for the organ.at word by Richard The spoken

life leaves in for only things the room will this reap himself in never he worldEvans.

be would proud we this Sabbath on which commemowe On matter long how Christ, the the resurrectionrate of Jesus we lived—andto acknowledgeit leavesno theAsfruitssuchofmotherhis ownsitssacrifice.alone with her

the choir opens with the singing of an no cause for crowding years into days, anguish and reviews the events of the blindly breathlessly; and for place no Shine, "Arise, Saint Saens,anthem by Thy life there unher of martyred son may

questionable shortcuts, is Is the for. the of or glory theLight Lord Come scroll fold before her vision the upon

.. thee."risen... thy. king cometh unto Behold of cheapening life because any part of of experiences written the are which

time is short. Is be "Arise, Shine, spent Light may sang, quick- (Choir Time Thy of the the of mother God, Mary, Son

all ly forCome.") us, of whether we're or old life final his the of triumph from and

... whether the in young. with keeping Evans: "But tomorhymn A the of sustaining she draw power may

is the TabernacleEaster sung theme by now row to the we promlive"-—accordingwe're is faith; resurrection for as the hope andChoir, Spencer with arrangement by ise of that died him live. might who men universal race. as the Eliza andCornwall, R. words J.Snow bymusic by Thomas Mclntyre—"How Great Its bringing about was the great

filled that thethe and the Love life. Wisdom Christ's achievement crowning of (Choir sang "Alleluia"—Mozart.) high."courts on its that course consummation whole To Evans: the choir From we have heard the sang, Great (Choir Wisdom "How approached directed. he As been had "Alleluia"from the "Exsultate, Motet Jubitheand Love"—Mclntyre.) said, for "but his agony, he the of time late,"by Mozart.

at the Schreiner Alexander TabEvans: I this this hour."unto cause (John came from And now Square Temple this we present to bringsernacle organ Temple now 12:27.) variations the on Istheme of "Redeemer the Dialogue,"ChorusSquare hour "Grand

I, I if lifted the be up from "And rael,"as arranged organist. the by Gigout.by

all "will again, said earth,"he draw

Diapresented Chorus "Grand presented (Organ (Organ fantasy on "Redeemer unto 12:32.) me."men (John of Israel.")logue"—Gigout.) disciples: his told Further he "VerEvans: Evans: after testithe now, "And many I ily, verily, corn you, say unto Except a

monies which this have been of given him, fall into of the ground and die, wheat is last the testimony, of give which we it if it die, it bringeth abideth alone: but

of lives; that for him: he him, even saw all,we "REMEMBER HOW SHORT fruit."forth 12:24.) (John much the right of on hand the and God; heard we MY TIME IS"voice bearing record that he is the only beSo his death and burial and resurgotten of the Father—that by him, and rection from the dead bears fruit in the

rPo see death gently pronounce its through him, and of him, the worlds are and raising of all who die. That was the

created, the inhabitants thereof were and * fulness years, of benediction of of the the a upon message burden whole are begotten sons daughters unto and God."its indisciples. merciful see theto remove hand will sing of the victorious! Lord now "We

firmities in Paul, traveled long standing of has one before Agripbonds who terrors the All of in vain! death were Let us

and become weary of the journey, is a sing of the Christ ever glorious: He is pa said:hallowed experience—but to see death risen in glory to reign."{Continued on page 340)

338 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA... Pressingthe-Button will Jack Up future cars

...OILPLATING YOUR ENGINE

is like outdoing the future -today

An optimist can still hope to trade his car for a plating, you're in shape to discontinue extreme 1945 model—with "wild"or mild advancements. acid damage, starting now.

A realist might do the same. But he'll "cast an Patented Conoco N oil—popularpriced—inanchor to windward"by changing to Conoco Nta cludes a pioneer synthetic, with the advanced

motor oil for Spring, at once adopting that big "magnetlike"ability to surface inner parts with inexpensive advance—an engine that's internally oilplating. That's why you can really be an

OILPLATED. optimist about your engine's future, after changing

Be a realist! Realize that any engine's exploto Your Mileage Merchant's station for Conoco N

motor oil. Continental Oil Company sions always form real biting acid inside. Realize

that long trips, heating at least some acid away, went out of style as rationing started. Realize that

limited driving—incomplete engine heat—has been endangering engines not oilplated. Too bad; CONOCO

any harm that's been done is done. But with

Conoco Ni oil, and all the acidresistance of oilMOTOR OIL

MAY, 1944 339 ALBERT E. BOWEN GENERAL CONFERENCE

THE ADVERTISERS (Continued from page 338) that?"you do with do each, "What a to in king, the way I saw never "I instance, in each said He of brightness the above And Where You Will Find lightAt frommidday,heaven,O

Their Messages whichthe sun,journeyedshining roundwith me.about me and them preachedthink the wholethat,"andthingfinallyis a sham."asserted:Then"I

AllisChalmers 261 And when we were all fallen to the earth, said Mr. Moody:

I heard a voice speaking unto me, and say- "I advise you to get out of the minSaul, Saul, tongue, Life Insurance why Beneficial the in Coming Hebrew I preach not quickly. would very

is to istry for it thee hard Cover thou persecutest Back me? pany let us is untrue, If Bible the sham. a against kick like men out come preaching, and stop 348 Bennett Glass Paint Co 6 he thou, Lord? art And And theWhopricks.

it is if and it a sham fight against and persecutest. I thou Jesus said, whom I amsaid, 259 Bookcraft Company true, and are things if these untrue; but 26:1315.) (Acts

Brigham Young University 347 Jesus Christ left heaven and came into

HPhese are not the words of an unthis world to shed his blood and save

Clabber Girl Baking Powder 262 * lettered man, nor of one infatuated sinners, then let us lay hold of it and

Continental Oil Co 339 by living under the spell of the powerpreach it in season and out of season."

ful personality of Jesus, or deluded by That is one of the things that admits

Crescent Manufacturing Co 310 the stories told of him by his admirers. of no compromise. It is of the "all or

which record had confession Paul variety. The same none"his own by Daynes Music Company 347 For

resurrection his strictest sect of of the the the miracle recounts lived a Pharisee,

Deseret Book Company 265 religion, they who had been the subcontains all we know about the moral well can't very Jesus. of jects of the Lord's severest chastiseteachings You Deseret Federal Building & Loan..343 enlist enand one to the it as repudiate ments.

Deseret News Press 346 He hated the Christians with a bitthusiastic allegiance for it in respect of memorial by testified against is kept a hate. them the had other. Today He Durkee's Mayonnaise 308 ter to death; commemoravery condemned all Christendom. The were they when

Durkee's Troco Oleomargarine....307 had hounded them from city to city, tion of the day assumes the reality of

for it signalizes, you compelled prison, occurrence the them into thrown Faultless Starch Co 306 that peran event and commemorate cannot had vilely them to blaspheme,

FelsNaptha Soap & Soap Chips..268 secuted them. He was on such mission never happened.

to Damascus when the light appeared

Fisher Flouring Mills (Zoom) 260 before him in the way and he heard the HpHE great stumbling block to acceptFrillets ( Porter-S-Macaroni ) 266 risen Lord's voice. The reality of his * ance of the crucifixion and the reshis conof sincerity are that they be urrection, seems to experience—the

of devotion attested by the But law. natural to W. P. Fuller Co 262, 350 version—is thought opposed

shipwreck, life, enduring subsequent established is natural law? Globe Mills 307 his what Who

chains, persecution, and finalprivation, all sides almost it? It is conceded on

Hall's Canker Remedy 349 ly death for his testimony of the reality that there is a supernatural law opera-

L.D.S. Business College 257 of the atoning sacrifice of Jesus. With tive in this universe. Who is to say that

faultless logic he wrote to the Corinin effecting the purposes of God it may

Loma Linda Breakfast Cup 349 thians: not transcend natural law? If you grant

to it consistent all, seem at does Steaks 309 Gluten God Linda Loma that arose if he Christ preached be Now which in motion set laws that he you suppose dead, the among say some from how ChocoMcDonald's Mrs. G. J. rendered of and them outside is the of resurrection froze dead? him there that no

lates 264 of the dead, if of his resurrection there the before be works no But impotent him

Mapeline (Crescent) 310 then is Christ not risen: own hands?

is our then not risen, be And if Christ little about this wonso know We faith is vain. also your vain, and Morning Milk 311 preaching increasing knowlin which drous world

Mountain Fuel Supply Co Inside Front Cover andButbecomenow is theChristflrstfruitsrisen fromof themthe dead,that edgether andonlyfurtherrevealsintovistasthe realmstretchingof the furun-

Overland Greyhound Lines 344 slept. (I Cor. 15:1220.) known that he must be a reckless man

indeed who would dare affirm of his

PorterScarpelli Macaroni Co 266 That doctrine is the center and pivot own finite wisdom what is and what is

Purity Biscuit Co 257 ofof theChristianChristiantheology,religion,thethe foundationvery basis notInpossiblefar too greatwith God.degree the professedRancho Soup 348 of Christian hope. Strip that dogma ly Christian world has to its own obdestroy to the and apostate you from your creed, become vious harm

is and Royal Baking Co 263 Christianity. away, you reality announcement, of the Take it "He

Safeway Stores, Inc devitalize your New Testament, for it risen from the dead."Take away belief

Inside Back Cover is the fundamental fact of that whole in that reality and you make rubble of

Salt Lake Tribune 345 record. the; foundations of faith and rob the

It is related that in Europe, the great disconsolate of their fairest hope.

Sego Milk Products Co 266 evangelist, Mr. Moody, was asked by a The record tells of an occurrence

Standard Oil Company 342 young minister, "What makes the difwhen Jesus with his disciples and "much ference between the success of your people"were entering the city called

Hotel Temple Square 308 preaching and mine; one of us is Nain. They were met by a funeral

Hotel Utah 351 wrong."procession taking to his burial the only Moody said: "You have heard me son of a widow."Having compassion

Utah Engraving—.349 preach and I haven't heard you, you upon that mother, Jesus bade her cease

Utah Home Fire Insurance 350 tellanswered:me the "Youdifference."make a goodThe dealministerout weepingarise fromandthebiddingbier Hethe youngdeliveredmanhimto

Utah Oil Refining 344 of the death of Christ.... I don't think alive to her. As He stopped that funeral

Utah Power & Light Co 341 thatlife."has anything to do with it. I preach processionso by His anddeathrestoredand resurrectionthe dead to lifeHe

Wheeler, Reynold 6 Stauffer 263 Then Mr. Moody quoted him several has stopped forever the triumph of

Zoom 260 scriptures declaring the atonement and death for all men.

asked the young preacher with respect To every weeping mother the empty 340 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SUNDAY MORNING heavenly beings, unto America, to the

SUNDAY AFTERNOON mostuttermostboundspartofofthetheeverlastingearth, to thehills,utteras tribe said, blessed the he when Jacob that they Protection there,tomb proclaims aloud the glad tidings declaring and of Joseph;

that whether the bones of her child lie held the keys of the kingdom of God, bleaching on Africa's hot sands, or find and the keys of this last dispensation,their rest in the bottom of the sea, or they did lay their hands upon the head of Vision his body is lowered into the grave he of 7.Joseph Smith, and ordained him to

shall be raised up again and live. the Melchizedek priesthood, fulfilling

the promise of our Lord Jesus Christ, is Vital

CHARLES A. CALLIS nifiedThisinpriesthooda mighty work.today Byis beingthe powermag-

(Concluded [com page 282) of this priesthood temples are built, and

The Savior, just before his ascension, work for the living and the dead has * said to his apostles: been inaugurated, the gospel is being

preached, and true to its mission, by the

But ye shall receive power, after that the power of the holy priesthood, this

Holy Ghost is come upon you: and ye shall church is preaching the gospel to every

both in Jerusalem, witnesses unto andbe me peoand tongue and kindred and all the nation inin and Samaria, unto Judea, and glorious ple to prepare for the the way earth. 1:8.) of theuttermost part (Acts

second coming of the Son of God.

In pursuance of that glorious promThis I testify to, in the name of Jesus ise, Peter, James and John did come, as Christ. Amen.

SUNDAY AFTERNOON SESSION

it obligatory always those made upon received it to others. it to give have JOHN H. whothe gospel to any few people, but has

TAYLOR ingsWe onlythat wefind havehappinessreceivedfor bythe seeingblessYou get 20 to 30%

Of the First Council of the Seventy thatportunity.other people have the same opmore light by keepAddress delivered at the Sunday When Christ was on the earth, he ing lamp bulbs, reafternoon session of the 114th organized his church, chose his aposannual general conference, tles, and commenced his ministry among flector bowls and

April 9, 1944, in the the people. He also chose a group of

Tabernacle men called seventies, to assist in bringfixtures clean.

ing the glad tidings of great joy to the people, opportunity and of give them an grateful to President very Clark feel in receiving salvation the of It's a splendid idea kingdom that kindly innovation for the we

God. that in this conference, so hadI have The last words that the Savior utto wipe them off at to speak have going a few who arewe

his as mission he finished upon the to tered prayer to offerminutes up another least once a month disciples earth that his should were go will not Father that heour Heavenly into leave us alone pel. stand allWhenthe heworldwas anduponpreachthe cross,the gosand with a damp cloth. as we

before the was about to give up his life that men people. and women might live again in the pres-

I have lisence of God, he said unto the thief who tened with inhung at his side: "Today shalt thou Utah Power &

terest to the be with me in paradise."Seemingly, as

many splendid soon as his spirit left his body, he then and inspiracommenced a great missionary work Light Co.

tional remarks among the spirits in prison. He went to

that have been open the doors not only to the people given during who had not lived according to the laws this conferof the Lord, but to all good men and ence. I am women who had lived the laws of the

quite certain Lord, according to their best informaJOHN H. TAYLOR ability. tion and inspithat the it possible for those on the In the made ration that He has

come to us will be helpful in our lives, earth to have comfort in the thought of for their forgiveness loved and finer able and salvation be and that to do we will other side Gospel Net gone to the had ones who better ever things than have done we the gospel. of without a knowledge before. He A moving story those in the spirmessage to brought the The church of God has always been

a missionary church. Whenever the it world that they should also have the by

of their of repenting the opportunity introduced gospel has been upon sins Dr. John A. Widtsoe

in the presence and finding happiness, earth, prohave been and means ways vided for the children of men to have of our Heavenly Father.

the same opportunity for hearing and We believe that as men and women understanding the gospel, and of findgo on the other side, they find opportuOn sale at bookdealers assigned to proclaim are and the ing that nity happiness peace and this everywhere

Christ, that of gospel Jesus men might others because of their found have membership in the church. Seemingly not be found wanting as they stand be- $1.25

the Lord has not been content to give (Continued on page 342)

MAY, 1944 341 shall these one hundred do the work for GENERAL CONFERENCE TAYLOR JOHN H.

are thousand already whose names (Continued page 341) from fore the judgment seat of God, even prepared and ready, that those on the able. Our ranks are practically depleted

though they be in the spirit world. other side might find the added blessings as far as the foreign missionaries are

of joys because and the the temple work all are In mission offices concerned. are trying to can we do we We in having been them. done for ofusing care to take that lady missionaries to having our temples see and men

women find this comfort and blessing. I sincerely trust that our men will not the business part of the work, but in a

You remember we received a letter not be found wanting in this great missionfew months the boys will be back home long ago stating that there were 100,000 ary service. and taken into the army.

names of men whose temple work had It has been very fortunate that older not been finished, and that they could HPhere is another agency that has almen, sometimes with their wives, have not have all the blessings they might * ways been used in missionary seen the necessity, or at least they are have if their work had been done. So work, and that is the foreign mistaking hold of the opportunity that is

the plea has been made that in this sions. We are'doing all that we can presenting itself of going out into the

great missionary spirit of ours the men with the few missionaries who are availworld for six months, or even on a reguFree Folder Tells How to SPECIAL COMPOUNDS HELP DIESEL ENGINE OIL

Keep Livestock Healthy MEET TODAY'S SEVERE SERVICE REQUIREMENTS for waiting a There's you copy first, lubrication engines Diesel presented the very unusual have From it's free for asking! the and new A develops pressures, Diesel problems. temperatures today and and Your

tells folder Standthat about you oils stand. can't that resulting reactions ordinary chemical Compounded

insecticide, germiall-around ard's all lubrication fully Diesel problems. meets DELO RPM cide, disinfectant deodorant, and is oil from made RPM DELO soluCorrect Dip. Sheep Standard its stafor selected carefully high

for uses tions and methods many Oil for Economical bility, tendenforming noncarbon folder. to in given are the And cies, properties. lubricating and

table trouble, time a save and you All Conventional Gears this despecially are added To exactly the back shows how on compounds. veloped comThese safely save protect gears and To and Standard Dip Sheep much of prevent formation the pounds Zerolene lowpriced use money, 1 for to solutions use to water up parts, lacquer engine and on gum gears conventional Oil on Gear

in your tractor, truck and farmgive the oil an attraction for implement transmissions, and metal, resist the sludging action of tractor final drives. It's tough—air, moisture and dirt, eliminate

stays on gears, reduces wear. SAE foaming, reduce carbon formation

90 or 140. Order in bulk or 35-,

108-, 420pound containers.

Decay Preventive Adds Years to Fence Life Treating your fence posts with

Standard Wood Preservative beto 100. You can safely dip, wash fore placing them in the ground

or spray all animals, except cats, may save you many dollars in rewith the proper solutions of pairs. Agricultural experiment staStandard Sheep Dip and water. tions have proved treating posts

As a germicide and disinfectant, makes them last years longer.

it's five times as strong as carbolic Standard Wood Preservative preacid. Ask for the Free folder. Devents decay and repels woodeat-

termine your needs from it, then ing termites. It can be applied by

order Standard Sheep Dip in 1-,

S-, or 55gal. containers.

Hurry! Two cents per gallon off the

regular price of Standard Poultry

House Spray until June 1, 1944!

and keep solid matter in suspension. This increases the lubricating

Tasteless, Odorless Oil; qualitying, preventsof the oil,wearstopsandringstick-keeps inSafe Animal Conditioner sideRPMof theDELOengineisclean.noncorrosive.

To keep animals producing a full any method, but the deeper the In actual service it has cut overquota of work or products, give penetration the longer the protechauls in half. Order grades recomthem Standard White Oil No. 9 tion. Be sure to treat posts several mended for your Diesels.

U.S.P. when they need a bowel inches above ground level. They

is liable are It conditioner. at minand to decay a harmless more soldiers our 5- Join in surface. into the eral oil. near absorbed ground Order wings. with

5-gal. gallon barrels. containers. or 55gallon cans or system. In.. 1-,not Be a WAC in the

Air Forces.

STANDARD OF CALIFORNIA Army 342 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SUNDAY AFTERNOON to the armed services, because every returned missionary who goes into the armed forces brings with him a testimissionarieslar older mission. These Christ. of gospel Jesus of the mony

the exodus caused great needfill a by of the thought with him He brings of our missionaries into the armed cleanliness and splendidness of life.

forces. that everything brings with him He I am in hopes, and I am sure as a hearts and in the ought to be of men

all all in arechurch we hopes—that in of the labor cause as they the women

short realize will that the time ispeople girls are their country. and boys Our

still is plentiful, harvestand the and splendid surely a and doing a wonderful ofthat hold priesthood the who we as associate with their comthey the work if find there opportunity, to oughtLord service. in panions

is any way possible, of going out and They are clean fellows. Just recentperforming this work.

Another great missionary agency is Wendover.ly, I met oneI ofhadthemgoneatintoa busthe stopeatingin IN WEST'S LEADING

missionaries thecarried on by home station. place in the in place was The SAVING INSTITUTION

in the mission fields.our stakes and it everybody, seemed to V crowded, and

Men and women who are very anxious me, was smoking or drinking, or gamEach Account to the bring the the of unto Lord word V I bling. a the Is door toward went Federally As

service. giving arepeople good was As in me, to fellow uniform came young up Insured findingsaid the are other day, very we V I surely said: Taylor, "Brother and am

in here people towns ourmany home to $5,000 to see you. a ordained glad You me

willing the to anxious are hear andwho I into the mission seventy went when have to You everything gain saving by I trust that the Lord. ofword may we influfield."yet the boy, young a Just

... increase today the able to laboringbe security number and buying power that in the building on ence he and had

in missions. home for the to years come, a trains the new teaching and home busses on and was

I I in while remember Nottingwas to the people gospel Christ the of Jesus other opportunities after the In war. first that mission onham would we my in the splendid most way.

this timetested institution to in thego forenoon savings School your Sunday us, and brethren bless the Lord May the Saints in takeand us would home the have increased of advantage higher us, that help sisters, the we Lord may for lunch,afternoon our then and when or in feel obligation some the earning way may compounded power—dividends all over, us,lunch of missionaries was of a bringing knowledge of somehow semiannually. $1 will open acyour Saints, take old to used young, andand not the have people gospel to the who

tracts, three or for outour and go two count. Write concerning our safe and If will gospel. meet the heard yet we of the gospel preach Jesushours and reconvenient shall great our requirement, this be SAVEBY-MAIL FLAN.Christ.

to others understand helping for ward V I whether have wondering we am life salvaof of the and the beauty way opportunity of every advantagetaken BUY tion. Years 38 [of the the of Lord. preaching word

I in WAR part, Jesus'pray, this our a be Progressive May of are busy have and manyWhile we * BONDS name. Amen. Leadership if I quitethings do, sure to would we am

only think about this matter more serithis find timesously, when we would JOS. E. KJAR,

great of priesthood could go body out MARION G. President

for at least a few hours and preach the gospel of Jesus Christ. I think it was ALEX E. CARR,

Secretary ROMNEYin seventhe Stake where Washington to the Council of the Twelveties'that decided SunAssistant on quorum had day, after the morning services, they Address delivered at the Sunday would go out and tract among the peoafternoon session of the 114thple. So they went in their automobiles annual general conference, DESERET

and reached some of the outside places, April 9, 1944, in theand there they would spend two or Tabernacle FEDERAL in gospel. thethree preaching hours I sisters: brethren and beloved ASSOCIATION earnestly repeatedly and have

spirit his I that the seventies Lord sought our and MY go among\17hen 44 SOUTH MAIN I * * a while few occupy with of see the great me would be body men who have been in the mission field and are minutes of these precious moments, and trained and experienced, wondering I ask you if you will please join your what they can do in their seventies'quoprayers with rum, I ask why do they not develop mine, that this ways and means of doing missionary time may bework; why shouldn't all of us use part of profitable to Gospel

the week or part of the month, in doing us all.

missionary work, to the blessing and I believe thesalvation of our neighbors and friends. phrase most Standards

I am thinking also of another great frequently By agency that is at work at the present spoken in this time, and that is our boys, and young conference has President Heber J. Grant

women, in the service of our country been "the spirboys who have been taken out of the it of the Lord."A-

mission field and sent in to do their part Nearly every for their country. I have often thought, speaker who On sale at bookdealers

brethren, that if the government was has addressed only as wise as they thought they were MARION G. ROMNEY us has exeverywhere

they would rather insist that all the pressed his $2.25

Mormon boys have an opportunity of wish, his prayer, that the spirit of the doing missionary work before going in- {Continued on page 344)

MAY, 1944 343

ar MARION G. ROMNEY GENERAL CONFERENCE

Continued page from 343 Can Ybu Picture direct he said. Lord would( Nearthis direct communication with, revelawhat

ly every man who has offered a praytion from, God our eternal Father. UTAH er, either an opening prayer or a closing The Prophet Joseph Smith taught this

without Mu#/f&M? prayer,am persuadedhas prayedthat forin thethesesameconferencething. I inquotinga wonderfulMoroni,way.he toldIn theus lasthowchapter,to get

sessions we have had a rich outpour- a testimony of the truthfulness of the ing of the spirit of the Lord. Book of Mormon. We are not left to

The other day Brother Joseph Fieldtake the word and testimony of the ing Smith spoke of the spirit of the Lord Prophet and of the three and eight witthat enlightens every man who comes nesses only, but he there told us that into this world. I think the spirit of the when we read the book, if we will ask

Lord which we seek in administering God the eternal Father in faith, he will the affairs of the church is more than manifest the truth of it unto us, individEvery person in our state knows that that spirit. When I pray for the spirit ually, I take it, by the power of the

without our newspapers we would of the Lord to direct me in this talk, I Holy Ghost, and that by the power of hardly know what's going on. It's a pray for the spirit of revelation, the the Holy Ghost we may know the truth

press, of onestrong all things. and free the first help of Ghost. the of the Holy know, You

like suppress. to dictatorsthings would said that this Lord have we should remember the occasion when You

Overland Greyhound depends upon spirit by the prayer of faith, and he said Brother Newel K. Whitney was called

such magazines as this one to carry its further if we did not have the spirit, to be a bishop in Kirtland. Brother

information on bus service. Overland we should not teach. Partridge was over in Zion at that time,

carries newsin turn, manyGreyhound, I recall. said that as Brother on one occasion Nephi Whitney was a areas by to rural not servedpapers speaketh great the standards man, measured by the power any "when a man by system.other1 transportation

of the Holy Ghost, the power of the of the world, but when the Prophet told citizens taxpayers fellow and As carrieth that to it unto a bishop, the hearts him be he said Ghost he was of Holy link Lines Overland GreyhoundUtah, qualifications that see the he could not children of men."of the I am persuaded serve they to eachthe communities

other and to the rest of the country, as that one of the deepest truths, the most of a bishop in himself. The Prophet

newspapers do. glorious principles, revealed to the said: "You need not take my word

world through the restoration, by the alone. Go and ask Father for yourself."

Lord, through the Prophet Joseph At that slight rebuke, Brother Whitney OVERLAND Smith, was the doctrine that every man went and asked the Lord. He heard a

and every woman and every boy and voice speak to him saying: "Thy EYHOUND is in me."This was a revelaLIMM every girl who has reached the age of strength

Operated by accountability and has joined the tion to him, and "he straightway sought

INTERSTATE TRANSIT LINES church may have the spirit of the Lord, the Prophet, told him he was satisfied, that is, the gift of the Holy Ghost, to and was willing to accept the office to guide him through his life. I mean by which he had been called."

PLANT A VICTORY GARDEN To help you produce the food that fights for freedom, we offer in limited quantities a Victory Garden booklet containing suggestions on how and what to plant

for best results.

Ask for your FREE COPY at any Pep 88Vico Station or DtaUr

Utah Oil Refining Company Stations and Dealers in its Products rVsi

344 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

SUNDAY AFTERNOON earnestly, yet patiently, and said (I quote from the words of the Prophet in that dream of Brigham Young's ) Then you remember when the Prophet was asking for volunteers to come Tell the brethren to be humble and faithful to sure and the Spirit be the keep of to a countryout to this western make it that Lord, will aright. lead carethem Be the looking place forsurvey a where

ful still, turn not the and small voice; away

Saints described he might come, what it will to teach them do what and where kind of men he wanted. He described go; it will yield the fruits of the kingdom.to

what their equipment must be, and then Tell the brethren to keep their hearts open he said: "I want every man that goes to conviction, so that when the Holy Ghost

to be a king and a priest. When he gets comes to them, their hearts will be ready

on the mountain, he may want to talk to receive it.

with his God."That is one way, brethren, to get the

The Prophet Joseph Smith knew this spirit of the Lord, and it is one absolute doctrine was true; he knew from exrequirement to keep our hearts open to

perience. He knew because he had had conviction, so that we can hear the

the experience of talking with God, our word of God and receive the Holy eternal Father. This great latterday Ghost's promptings when they come.

work, the restoration, opened up with It is a terrible calamity for men or na- a grand vision, referred to by President tions to become laws unto themselves.

David O. McKay this morning, in which You know, the Lord said: "That which

the Father and the Son came and apseeketh to become a law unto itself...

peared to the boy prophet, Joseph cannot be sanctified by law, neither by

Smith. It came as a result of his prayer mercy, justice, nor judgment, therefore

and his faith. they must remain filthy still."

About a year and a half ago, I was The Prophet, in this statement to ** given an assignment in the welfare Brigham Young, continues:

work to travel around the church into They can tell the Spirit of the Lord from all the stakes. I took with me the first all other spirits—it will whisper peace and

volume of the Documentary History of joy to their souls; it will take malice, hatred,

the Church. As I read, I observed that strife and all evil from their hearts, and their

when questions came to the mind of the whole desire will be to do good, bring forth righteousness, and build up the kingdom ofProphet he straightway Joseph, went God.and in mighty prayer for asked the Lord

an answer to the questions. Then he When I read that, I thought of the The Salt Lake Tribune jealously

would come back with an answer from experience of Enos, the son of Jacob, guards the inherent right of every in as related of the Book Mormon. Hethe! quotations. in direct These Lord to sides of American know both the top mountain onto went prayed and revelations the whichquotations were all questions affecting the common all his the soul with of energy that he restoration the of the gosduringcame

pel. might have a knowledge of the goodgood. It is the belief of this newsNow, it is very important, my brethness of the Lord about whom his father, paper that this accurate presenren, that we each live so that we can Jacob, had told him, and the Lord spoke tation of both sides of public affairs

have this spirit of the Lord. Its importo him and said: "Enos, thy sins are is free speech in its most enlightthen asked forgiven thee."Enos And the of with the deathtance did not cease

told him ened sense. be, Lord it could and the how In Smith. 1879,Prophet two Joseph

years after the Prophet Brigham Young because of his faith on Jesus Christ In this election year—probably

had died, President Wilford Woodruff whom he had never before seen nor the most important in the life of the there heard. over Then came Enos in the mountains of Arizona,was down the Salt Lake Tribune nation—The his brethren, for feeling he prayed andtraveling Smith. Lot with one ocOn

to continues present its pledge all for the soul of his them, energy in with visioncasion, or a he had a dream which he saw Brigham Young and Orfirst for the Nephites and then for the completely and fairly the platson Hyde, and he asked Brigham Young Lamanites. I thought how true this is, forms and pledges of political

if he would not come with him to Arithat when a man has the spirit of the parties and candidates for public zona and speak to the people. Brigham Lord, his whole desire is for righteousoffice.

Young answered that he had done ness and to build up the kinqdom9 of his talking in the flesh and that God. The news columns of The Salt

work was now left for Elder Woodruff The Prophet Joseph continued: Lake Tribune serve no interest

if will the Tell brethren the follow they his do. diary, In Presiothers toand all fully of that informing

Spirit right. will the of Lord, they go Be save Presidentdent quotes Woodruff Young that they read so have may who tell to to Spirit the the brethren keepas the sure saying: get people to the "Tell

if will, find of will the Lord; they they and intelligent understanding an itspirit of the with keep and Lord

just they organized as were by themselves small great the issues and—ofthem."—into before they in Father came heaven our

Brigham Young had a similar experithe world. Our Father in heaven organized on which the political future of the

ence in his lifetime. In February, 1 847, the human family, but they are all disornation rests.

he had a dream in which the Prophet ganized and in great confusion.

Joseph Smith appeared to him. It was Now, I skip a part and close with

a glorious dream. You will find it in this statement: "Joseph again said to

the history of the church written by him, 'Tell the people to be sure to keep exBrother Cannon. Brigham Young Spirit of the the Lord and follow"it andpressed that he his sorrow was sepit just right.'will lead them

arated from the companionship of PresBrethren, if we are to be led just right, ident Smith, the Prophet, and asked him through these perilous times in which why he could not come with him. The we live, we must keep our minds open

Prophet told him he would have to wait and have the spirit of the Lord. The gift

awhile. of the Holy Ghost must be operative in

Then Brigham Young asked him if he us. God bless us to this end, I humbly

had a message for them, and the Prophpray, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

et stepped toward him, looking very ( Conference continued on page 346

MAY, 1944 345

SOLUTION OF APRIL PUZZLE SPENCER W. KIMBALL GENERAL CONFERENCE

(Continued from page 285) the solemn command brought down is the command that on the Sabbath from the thundering of Mount Sinai: "thou shalt not do any work."Even

"Remember the sabbath day, to keep it in modern times the command has come holy."So far as I know, that commandagain through a modern prophet:

ment has never been rescinded nor And on this day thou shalt do none other modified. To hunt and fish on the thing, only let thy food be prepared with

Lord's day is not keeping it holy. To singleness of heart. (D. & C. 59:13.)

plant or cultivate or harvest crops on It is not enough to refrain from doing the Sabbath is not keeping holy the the things which would keep the day

Lord's day. To go into the canyons for from being kept holy, but there are

picnics, to attend games or rodeos, or some very definite things that we should races, other shows, or or amusements reare Sabbath. the to honor do We

it in holy that to is not keep on day prayer, the quired house of we to go to remembrance. are to offer up our sacraments unto the

Our Savior said Most High; we are to fast and pray at

Whosoever therefore shall break one of the proper times; and we are to stand

teach least shall these and commandments, rest in to places; holy and to we are

called in so, the least the he shall be men worship.

heaven. of (Matt. 5:19.) kingdom

the indolent resting is not meant By

Strange as it may seem, some of lounging about the home all day or our brethren, faithful in all other reputtering around in the garden, but a

To missingspects, seemtheir sacramentto justify themselvesmeetings, andin theconsistentworshipattendanceof the Lord,at meetingsdrinking forat their stake conferences, in order to beat the fountain of knowledge and instrucarea the season opens. when The but lift song. in good and music OneIMPROVEMENT ERA churchall the other hunters into the wild life tion, enjoying the family and finding upfavors recreation, legitimate I he that claimed knew mistaken man

its and urges picnic to organize people of a good out book get more could much outdoors the great to enjoy and in attendcould get than he Sunday onSubscribers parties it offers, that but fellowship for the that saying meeting, ing a sacrament with six other days in the week, the the sermons were hardly up to his

Sabbath certainly need not be desstandards.

The ERA brings to your home ecrated. But I say we do not go to Sabbath

the best current CHURCH Good clean plays and pictures are meetings to be entertained or amused;

UTERATURE. Within its covcertainly not objectionable, but on the we go there to worship the Lord. It is

ers you find each month auother hand they add to our education an individual responsibility, and regardthoritative material written or and to our entertainment in a wholeless of what is said from the pulpit, if in spirit spoken by our church leaders. someill affordway,to butspendcertainlyfunds ourand peopletime tocango oneand wishesin truth,toheworshipmay dotheso Lordby attending

Has it occurred to you what to more of such activities than can be his meetings, partaking of the sacrapriceless gems of theology, attended on the other six days of the ment, and contemplating the beauties of poetry and downto-earth gosweek. the gospel. If the sacrament meeting is

pel you have in the yearby- HThere is a time and a place for all a failure to you, you are the one that failed. for you, worship has one can * No year volumes of this magathings. giving worthwhile Are we the serving of your must do you own zine: sacrifice? Is it selfmaking a up and

denial? I think it isn't so much a matLord.

Why not preserve them for ter of giving up things; it is a matter of "NTow that spring is here and summer

your future reference and your shifting times and choosing seasons. - will soon follow, our presiding

children's edification? We urge The word of the Lord is very definite brethren throughout the church might

you to do so. and final, and comes with tremendous anticipate the problems of Sabbath

force when he says: desecration and encourage a program of

And that thou mayest more fully keep substitution.

Single volumes (12 numbers) bound thyself unspotted from the world, thou shalt Encouragement could be given to offer thy of up and prayer go to the house picnics shows, sports and weekday and

C.in durable, attractive, blue cloth sacraments day. (D. holy upon & my plan to could and the brethren be urged

binding, stamped in gold $2.25 59:9.) their hunting and fishing trips during

This is a day when our every lapse is the week days, avoiding the Sabbath, each plus postage. blamed on the war. Perhaps there are instead of including it in their itinerary.

Ten or more volumes at one time times and conditions when we must A seminary group once planned a work seven days of the week, when inservice in the tops of the mountains, $2.00 each plus postage. dustry or the exigencies of war require and they felt wholly justified for the

it, but are we sure that we do not excursion since they had planned a testiBring them in or mail them to us sometimes work on the Sabbath when mony meeting to be held as a part of it.

NOW! thatnot necessary,is given, forforthetheadditional"time and fundsa half"it itualThey hourdid havewastheirenjoyed,meetingbutandaftera spirthe

provides? hour, the picnic was eaten, the young

Remember the Lord said: "Six days people in their rough mountain clothes

shalt thou labor and do all thy work: and slacks hiked and climbed, and

but the seventh day is the sabbath of turned the balance of the day into one the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not of the usual fun and frolic. Certainly,

Jhe <UJe5eret flews fire&5 do any work."You note here the comit was not a holy day, the one hour of

mand is twofold; it is definite that you devotion did not keep it from becoming

29 Richards Street, Salt Lake City shall labor the six days—no place here a holiday.

for the idler or for loitering on the job A Scout council was wont to arrange or for absenteeism. And equally strong their summer camp so that the Scouts

346 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SUNDAY AFTERNOON it will be so regarded in the future by the unprejudiced writers of history. It TV

has survived every storm of opposition;

Sabto the on one moving were camp it next.bath on the from and Our Latitneverhas retreatednever gonefrombackwards;its high aimsit andhas terday Saint boys were deprived of purposes. In Many Respects

activities for Suntheir priesthood two urged been by previous We have scouting gettingdays, no and still were the ideal time to continue our to speakers to fundamentals. adhere

suggestion days. on those A friendly it admonition, to seems to Such me, is education is in the authorities the council about brought timely upheaval. and in a day of war

a change, so that the camp period ran It is so easy for a people to sidestep from week day to week day, and the fundamentals. This is especially true

one devoted in between Sunday was to in stress of times they imbecome when spiritual for service thea boys who their patient lose of endurand powers in the camp. were Summer ance. could more fundamental be What

to substitute can done be You will find this the case weekMuch than the resurrection, the doctrine of day activities for Sunday ones. Great discussed with such force and eloquence especially at

done educational cangood an be by this morning? could funbe more What anticipating the precedingprogram and damental than the Commandments Ten

likelyperiod of breaking of the Sabmentioned President by Albert George i/Jou,na iSnakam bath. Smith, and Spencer Elder by Kim- W. the us follow Let Prophet Joshua—it this ball afternoon? violation of The

favorite of one of scrippassages my these dehas brought commandments miuerditu said: isture—he struction sorrow, only not to and men, U

Now therefore fear the Lord, and serve but nations. What could be more pracOutstanding Resident Faculty

in sincerity in truth and him Visiting Staff this will day whom ye serve..... choose. but as youfor ticalmon onandthefundamentalMount, quotedthaninthepartSerby Celebrated

house,me and my we will serve the Lord. President McKay the other evening? The Summer Quarter has two 24:14, 15.) (Joshua

Judge not, that ye be not judged. sessions:

That we may live the commandments For with what judgment ye judge, ye shall so, judged:of that teach be measure and with what and men God we may ye First: June 12—July 21 it to mete, shall be measured you again. to the devotion ourpay and High Most

keep the Sabbath day holy, I pray, in (Matt. 7:1, 2.) Second: July 24—August 25

the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. It is a sound doctrine, brethren; it is

Amen. fair and just. AH work will be conducted on

What could be more basic to human Provo Campus welfare than Smith's declaraJoseph articles faith, that tion, in the of men All Colleges and Divisions of the ALMA SONNE will be punished for their own sins and University will operate for transgression. It places Adam's Assistant to the Council of the Twelve not their All Departments will be represented the responsibility for upon men

Address delivered at the Sunday soul's salvation. Such a teaching is Utah State Curriculum Conference

works, session of good afternoon of the 114th productive and conand Workshop living. ducive to right annual general conference, The responsibilApril 9, 1944, in the ity resting upon the church has never Lectures—Musicals—Concerts Tabernacle been greater. It rests heavily upon the

ministry of the church. It calls for a Recreation

I for brethren: the pray service, devotion, good great unswerving an Festival Sixth Music Annual

spirit about spoken Elder by faith. supreme a andMY School Catalogue Now for your Summer It is privilege a great Romney. the careless must Send and wayward The

and a blessing, and certainly a great inbe warned and admonished in the spirit spiration, to be in attendance at a sesof kindness and brotherly love. Some

conference. thesion of This opporfriends. are of neighbors our them and

is increasinglytunity becoming more for love they BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY that demands them Our precious. be brought back into the fold of Christ. PROVO, UTAH

I rejoice in Their faith must be revived, nourished the fact that and strengthened.

the messages Without that simple, trusting and of this conferabiding faith, characteristic of a true ence have Saint, no one can know God or compregone out to the hend the gospel; and there is no subnation, for the gospel. All the theories, and stitute AND MUSICFOR CHURCHES reached sophistries, have plans devised and of men

the homes and to the contrary have failed, and will the firesides of continue to fail. SCHOOLS

instrucarried and are stocks in the families result the stands world a As orchestral. choirs, solos, bandsfor vocaland today Largemental Interdestruction. this the brink despair of and governon curtailment by the but limited There is

reyour of in music and publishing the ment reis mountain time Characteristic of our day and Mail supplied. be reasonably quirements can

fiber the the of for of gion. The recatalogues moral weakening write filled or promptly orders

ALMA SONNE ports given men and women, referred to many times and special lists.

OTHER AND COLUMBIA VICTOR, CARRY WE the and the long speakers: a departure from reby RECORDS. WELL KNOWN

the church wellestablished standardsmarks made indicate that of conand inband of pianos and the manufacture While by ago discontinued 18 months struments It is solid, was sound, and product, for themoves on. oldfashioned a disregard

to conditions, the government, due we still war

It willgressive. continue on, virtues, fact that despite the to move they are this of merchandise of class stocks limited have

and go forward to meet the demands sacred and binding upon humanity, and and invite you to write for further information.

the requirementsand itemized been upon it. have made holy and set up by

is forth of for prophets coming the guidance Mormonism of The God's 47DAYNESSo. Main St. MUSICSalt LakeCD.City

the greatest event of modern times, and children. {Continued on page 348)

MAY, 1944 347 a

ALMA SONNE GENERAL CONFERENCE

(Continued from page 347) npHERE has been a breaking away from hourhim thatof hismadejudgmentheaven,is come:and earth,and worshipand the

* church and religion; skepticism, unsea, and the fountains of waters.

belief, and infidelity have become the May we do so, I pray, in the name of boast of the learned and the sophistiJesus Christ. Amen.

cated. What does it mean, my brethren?

Does it mean that the pillars of civilizaJOSEPH F. MERRILL

tion are crumbling?

I read recently a book written by Dr. (Continued from page 28 1)

called Legacy The Frank Munk of TheThen,mostbrethren,glorioussomethingexperiencehappened.that I this In it he statement, Naziism. makes PAINTS which is the concluding paragraph in have received, came. In answer to my

distinctly anyas as question I heard book: exthe favored by ALWAYS I short, life the in thing ever heard my

world has completely A for the is adrift—Europe users perienced Simultaneously "Yes."simple word: lost its moorings. socially, Economically,

protection and adornment of spiritually, only the grassroot things remy whole being, from the crown of my filled feet, soles to the was of my civilizahead begin anew. must A new

elation, feeling of joyous most with the unspeakable all surfaces—interior and exmain.tion is Webeing in blood and born

terior. Specially made for use suffering. Ultimate and eternal values alone of peace and certainty that I could imin the Intermountain region. will survive the carnage. agine a human being could experience.

as knees, and jumped from I sprang my a by quoting his book He concludes shouted: could, as I high and "O Faspeech of Paul from the famous HUNDREDS OF verse

last ther, thee."answer an I thank At said: to the Athenians he when EXQUISITE, EXCLUSIVE

it. I come. had knew TINTS SHADES AND all life, to all breath, giveth and and He it before? I have did not come Why

things. of all nablood has one made And that since times the the get exactly Lord thanked color you many You

all for the earth. tions to dwell of on men days answer. the fit withheld few he to decorative A want any

scheme. In his book he also speaks of a after that, Father said to me: "Would

chance, with the inference that it is to you like to go to Salt Lake City and

Deseret?"-—

said nothing. BENNETT GLASS & betionsa slightof centurieschance,in thatart, theliterature,accumulacul- attendsecret wishthe Universityof which I hadof

PAINT COMPANY ture, and in human progress can be I had finished, the spring before, what 65 West First South saved. is equivalent in this day to a junior high

and at Bennett Branches and Dealers in "Things are not altogether well with school course, nothing more in the

Idaho Utah and I town. of Canterthe Archbishop said Dept. us,"Paint and ZCMI could. AndI wantedas it turnedto go out,on andafternowgradto the recently, when speaking bury

British nation. "The decline in honesty uating at the University of Deseret, I

has been very sharp and steep,"he said, went east and completed nine years of "and our standards of conduct in matwork in the field of science in four of

FOR A DUICIOUS, HtARTY ters of sex is very lax. These things,"America's leading universities.

he points out, "will bring terrible conHad I gone without an answer to my sequences, if we will not change our prayers at that critical moment in my outlook, or in the old phrase, repent."life I might have forgotten to pray. But

Old England with its culture, with its I think that I am here today—I think

power and wealth, mighty in achievethat I have been preserved in the ment, along with an unparalleled hischurch, perhaps, because the answer to tory, like other nations, must repent or my prayer came at that critical moment, perish. since which time never has a day passed

as to forgotten that I pray. And have short writ- I read time ago a book A forget lasts I cannot as memory in Nichols, ten he long Beverly which by

discusses organized vice, the curse of the thrilling experience of that night.

drink and the widespread outbreak of Now, brethren and sisters, that ancriminality in England and America. swer to my prayer was a revelation.

The author said: 'The facts as I have What did I want to know? I had learned

stated them are true, and the reason that Joseph Smith, a fourteenyear-old they are true is because the parents in boy, went into the woods to pray. Fulquestion have failed most criminally to filling the conditions necessary to get

set before their children the picture of an answer, he had received the most

Christ."He then calls attention to the glorious vision that records give us any

fact that once that picture hung on the knowledge of. He knew that God lives;

wall, but the repercussions of war blew he saw him; he heard him. He knew that

it off. Christ, whose resurrection the Christian

lives. also today, celebrates He world concluded, come,"has time he "The heard his he Christ, the Redeemer; saw picture the that once "to on more hang

in his certainty voice. his There was if learn wall, to can messee any weRANCHO soul. eternal eyes."Surely the a sage soups from because they're Qood made

I of too, to know, own wanted my in in the heart farmkitchens our will inspiration picgreat from a come of one of the West's most fertile ture so beautiful and so stainless. self whether God lives. I believed he

valleys. I have had vegetablegrowing would give me a testimony. left, is brethren, nothing There my

I since. Brethren, testimonies nearer we're do Thrifty price because many direct sustain except humanity and save to grocers and pur Western know. life perfect the of Jesus, of his gospel costs. transportation

peace and love, and his matchless and Tow, brethren, all of you who are varieties 5 delicious leadership. powerful "". experirelate here, doubtless could

* CHICKENNOODLE VEGETABLE TOMATO closing in the I quote related. words of scripsimilar to I have ences what

PEA ASPARAGUS the ture of Revelation: from book all the are key of you. know, You You

Fear God, and give glory to him; for the men in the church of God. You come

348 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

SUNDAY AFTERNOON

from all over America, you are the leaders. Every one of you knows, and you

can testify. That is one characteristic

of the membership of this church—we

know we know! And therein lies the

strength of the church.

But because we know, brethren, we are bound. There are obligations imposed by our certain knowledge that

we cannot logically escape. Obligations to do what? Keep the Lord's

commandments is the answer. We have

heard it said in this conference of the leadership in the church that the Lord's way of life, if followed by the people, will bring peace to the earth. Wars will

cease, and contention will end; but

when are we willing to follow the

Lord's way of life? Until we do, we

shall not have peace; because the evil

one is here, and he has under his power the great majority of our Father's children, and through the exercise of that power he is leading them away.

We have heard about some of the delinquencies of youth; and we have

also heard it stated here, a correct statement, that youth is delinquent, boys and girls are delinquent, because grownups are delinquent. Boys and girls see what

their elders do, and naturally they follow in their footsteps.

We have heard references, here, in this session, to the violation of the sanctity of the Sabbath day. What must we

do in these modern times to keep holy the Sabbath day? The law of the Sabbath was given to ancient Israel, when

conditions were vastly different. What

does it mean to keep holy the Sabbath day in our times? Well, we may not

only read the answer in the Doctrine ana Covenants, but a century later than this revelation we may also read a signed statement by the presidency of a delightfully refreshing beverage for the whole famthis church in the editorial columns of

The Desevet News of a few years ago ily.... Loma Linda Breakfast Cup is Caffeinefree,

what it means to keep holy the Sabbath day in our times. We grant to the first blended to perfection from soy bean, bran, wheat

presidency the right and duty to interpret our doctrines and indicate what our and rye granules, figs, maltose and honey.

practices should be in harmony with them. According to that declaration,

we may not go to movies, or any other kind of commercial entertainments on

Sunday; we may not go hunting, we

may not go fishing, we may not do multitudes of things that even our people do. And why do they do them? Let individual ask himself that quesvtJ&etfahm&n*p<t*tyeach ARLINGTON C A L I FOR N.IAtion.

How can one who knows that God lives and can testify that he knows, think of getting his gun and hunting trappings and go out on the Sabbath day into the mountains to hunt deer, or out into the fields to shoot pheasants?

How can he think of getting the fishing

IM FIFTY For OVER USE YEARStackle ready out onto and go OffER.. the WE Aids of in treatment A COMPLETE Canker, simplestreams the of and spend day the Lord

in fishing and in pleasure? ENGRAVING SERVICE sore throat, and other minor mouth

From Missionary Portraits to the Largest and throat irritations. Catalogues"\17ell, we do many things, brethren, Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention

vv violative of divine commandCO. UTAH ENGRAVING Hall's Canker Remedy In we do them?ments. Why do St. the 113 Regent Salt Lake City, Utah 536 East 2nd City, Utah So.—at Salt Lake (Continued on page 350)

MAY, 1944 349 JOSEPH F. MERRILL GENERAL CONFERENCE

{Continued from page 349) light of our testimony we cannot do and to carry on other responsibilities of businesses farms and have while we guiltlessly, them can not we? Are we

receiving instructions here been regardobligated testimonies to live by those the Lord's way of life? What shall we ing our spiritual work.

do? I speak for myself when I say that

Love the Lord our God with all our too seldom we stop to tell our wives might, mind, and strength. But can we how much we think of their help and

do this really without striving to the support. We feel it, but in the busy

extent of the will power that the Lord work-a-day life, we do not stop to say has given to us to keep his commandhow much we love them. We can now,

ments? here in priesthood meeting assembled,

And the second great commandment speak to those who are listening, at is like unto the first: we must love our least, and tell them we are not unmindneighbors as ourselves; which, as we ful of their inspiration and help.

know, rightly interpreted means our I hope each one of them deserves the fellow men. But if we are going to love tribute paid to his wife by a Scotchman

our neighbors as ourselves, we must who, in a dilatory way, had waited untreat our neighbors as we would like til she was gone before he expressed to be treated were the circumstances just how much he appreciated her. His

reversed. In other words, we must live tribute lies more in the implication than

the Golden Rule. And until men are in the expression: "She was... Words

willing to live the tell Golden Rule far cannot she more what what was—Think completely than they are living now, be. should we a wife good She was that."

shall not have peace in our nation or in No matter what virtues or how many the world. you might apply to womanhood, you

Yet we talk of winning peace after would be but enumerating the virtues we have won this global war. We won of his wife.

first the World War, to our wives it win the peace, is said. butWewemaydid winnot We owe much

the second World War, but we will Helping and loving and guiding, that best, Urging were when the win only peace willing, when we are still, whispering guarding, Watching at least measurably, live to the Lord's must, you you will! Win you can—andand life. of help way us that Lord The we

may be able to do that, I pray, in the God bless them, keep them strong in name of Jesus Christ. Amen. the faith, and give them power to train

our children in the ways of righteousness; for, after all, "the mother makes

us most."J. REUBEN

*-* It is glorious instructions. for now You Can't "Drethren, we have listened to many CLARK, JR. us to to remember that better than know

Always Plan Of the First Presidency what is good to do, is to do it. Shakespeare says:

the advice of their physicians, we the Future by I easier teach twenty were can good what not have President asked Samuel /VnV to to the to than be be twenty one of done first Bennion, of O. the of the council follow teaching. mine own the Past seventy, nor Bishop O. Ashton, Marvin

of the presiding bishopric, to speak at Parable of the Sower

Just because you haven't this conference. We have been happy

had a fire is no reason tosessions.have them with us at nearly all the it Withis wellthetoidearememberof applicationthe parablein mind,of

why you won't. Don't Word from the hospital tells us that the sower. Some seeds, Jesus tells us,

judge the future by the President Rufus K. Hardy, of the first fell by the wayside, and were trampled

past. council of the seventy, is much imunder foot or devoured by fowls. Other

proved, for which we give thanks to the seeds fell on the rock, sprang up, but,

Fire is a constant menLord. having no root, died. Other seeds fell

thistles, thorns and which among ace shall President and may visit you any ask David now We fell out the seed, seeds But choked some of the First Presidency, O. to McKay, day. soil forth brought an on good hunand for to us speak a few at the moments

Insure your property toclose of this conference. dred fold.

disciples the Savior asked The what day and be protected is parable, meant he by that and that against loss. one that Jesus explained, saying: The

is the word of God. Those by the Better get your policy DAVID O. seed

wayside are those that hear, but then while you can. McKAY misleadsSatan comesthem.alongTheyandon deceivesthe rock andare

receive the gladly, persons word who Utah Home Fire Of the First Presidency temphave no root, and when but who

Insurance Co. the conclusion of this great contation comes, fall away. The seed that

first, it is fitting, thistles is the I think thorns ference seed and fell among falls in appreciation the that the of hearts express Heber J. Grant & Co. AT* to of men, who,

GENERAL AGENTS services rendered by our wives, mothwhen they have heard, permit it to be

Salt Lake City, Utah ers and sisters, who have remained at choked by the cares, and the riches home to take care of household duties, and pleasures of life.

350 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SUNDAY AFTERNOON a warning just as distinct as anything that has ever come into my life. "Go

I to the bridge back."and up When

soil fell that the seed in good But bridge, I thought should the was reached we fell in good honest and thatthe seed farther; sujudgment go own I let my

the word, heardhearts having who, if it inspiration; persede not and had

keep it and bring forth fruit with pabeen for the blessings of the Lord foltience. lowing the accident, I should not be

We trust those who have been ashere today.

sembled here, and those who have listened, fall into the fourth class, who reGod help us, brethren and sisters listening are true be who in—to gladly,ceive and will those the word of God

responsibilities to the that membership it forth to bringcultivate abundantly. 4k *fc

in position of Christ and the Church

To the officers of the church, the best entail. I pray that the spirit of unity,

way to achieve this is to discharge at the spirit of peace, the spirit of mutual least three great responsibilities which confidence that has pervaded the sesare ours. The first is the responsibility sions of this, the one hundred fourteenth

to ser a proper example. Example is the annual conference, will go with us to

best and most effective way of teachour homes, to our wards, throughout ing. Let us be exemplary in our speech. the stakes and the missions of the

No true leader of the church will ever church, and that God's blessings will especially ofprofane Jesus, the name Israel attend everywhere, in the name in the presence the presor of his sons Christ. of Jesus Amen.

ence of any other young people. Profanity is a vice. I know of no country

in the world where that vice is so previn the States.alent as here United The J. REUBEN it. Saints areLatterday from not free

Our duty is to set a proper example inreverence. CLARK, JR.

set proper a example We can by Of the First Presidency others. well ofspeaking Lord has The IS one of our

us not to in backadmonished engage to the come We conFOODmightiest weapons of that simplebiting. I commend great conference. little Brethren:clusion of a Cerhymn, too seldom sung, "Nay, Speak every war. tainly lifetime, not Make have I, in my

111."No attended respects a greater, and in some of it drop and crumb

I think this is the finest of any at which kindly word speak no ill, a SoNay, for freedom! fight present. ever I have been behind; sting a leave never Can plan a bigger, this spring, tale we've heard, to breathe I just oh, each to sayAnd want one word: I think

Is far beneath a noble mind. the quotation I shall use will typify the better victory garden. Or

is better seed sown oftFull a spirit this of conference. the On to time spare plan, your kinder the evedevote thus choosing By ning of the meal of the Passover chamis little if known, good butFor, in or farm, ber, after helping apostles the assembled, on a had can. best the let Still us speak we

* * * after they quarreled a bit among them- a processing plant.

selves about precedence, after the Savill, lenient but speak noThen be ior feet, their after had washed they had at home, or when And failings own; as your others'To eaten the after Paschal Supper, Judas

see, fault first to the a If you're that out, eating remember after the to betrayal, out had gone work it first to known. the make not Be

is instituted the the sacrament, Savior had supply food America's is passing day, life but aFor great then discourses. preached some tell its span; he brief how may No lip shorter than we realize. left last one before they little the chamThe stay, timeThen, we O the

Let's speak of all the best we can. ber related to the Comforter, the Holy Don't order more than

all Ghost, and I am reading from John 14: you can eat—then eat Another worthy example is exercising 2627:

selfcontrol—controlling our temper by chat you order!

not speaking angrily in the home. Let But the Comforter, which is the Holy

calmness be characteristic of our home Ghost, whom the Father will send in my life. If we do this, we shall be setting name, he shall teach you all things, and Food Fights for Freedom!

all whatthings remembrance, to youra proper example to the world. bring

you. said soever unto I have

Second, then there is the responsibility The Holy Ghost has been with us of guardianship, of being shepherds, during this conference, and also the

That is what the priesthood means. gifts of the Holy Ghost, and may that

Guard well those who have been put Being continue with us, that to us also in your keeping. "Feed my sheep,"said he may bring all things to our rememthe Savior to Peter. "Feed my lambs,"brance, whatsoever we have heard here

he repeated. "Feed my sheep. at this conference.

And the third obligation, so to live Then the Lord continues:

companionship the meritthat we may you, I leave with I give peace Peace my Spirit. the of Such Holy guidanceand

I giveth, as the give you: not world officer in unto reality. is a Everyguidance heart you. not unto Let be troubled, your

it if lives is entitled to hethe priesthood it let afraid. neither be

to merit it. That is a great, sublime privilege of membership in the Church of May that peace and that comfort and

Christ. We sometimes have it, but we that consolation go with us to our homes

do not heed it. I am speaking to myself and be with us until we meet again, I

when I say that, for I nearly lost my humbly pray, in the name of Jesus life by not heeding it. I once received Christ. Amen.

MAY, 1944 351 Your Page and Ours gpp] j> ypjtjp,)'jrjpryjgi jt>> &'f? $?;J$ri

The Improvement Era, Decatur, 111., Withstands Heat

Advertising Manager.

Dear Sir: A rich asbestos manufacturer built a fine house just across the

his spirited street lady, residence old of the and a sweet from interested incident to in of be "VT'ou an an which know may to her to in family themselves enjoy seemed proceeded what - in sale resulted in the advertisement The Improvement Era fashion. a very worldly

Illinois. several in of gentiles garden to plows

ill of the to lady anyone, old never speak But known was friendship the with splendid of young Through men many my tennis neighbors only her Sunday. She played even on when faith of as to your and our community have women come who

said: I led missionaries, of reader regular to the a Era, was become

which comes to my office. Two of my associates read it also, "Dear me, they must have great faith in their asbestos."

and, finding an advertisement of a garden plow now unobtainable in Illinois, persuaded a neighboring hardware dealer to Count 'Em place an order for several of the implements—which arrived in

due course and gave great satisfaction to the buyers. Teacher: "How many sexes are there?"

With all friendly wishes for your publication, Little Boy: "Three."

Sam Tucker, Teacher: "What are they?"

Editor, Editorial Pages, Little Boy: "The male sex, the female sex, and the insects."

Decatur Newspapers, Inc.

Probably Did Dear Editor: Miami, Florida Doctor: "Mrs. Mac, did your teeth chatter when you felt

* I 'oday I received the Era and it was such a reassuring feeling the chill coming over you?"

* to once again have a copy in my hand. It was as though Mrs. Mac: "I dinna ken, doctor; they were lyin'on the

it bridged the gap between myself and the people of the West. table!"

It sort of sets the topsyturvey world straight again.

Sincerely Safety First Emelia L. Wurzbach, S 2/e

this is don't Cop: "Lady, you a safety zone?"know

in."that's "Surely; I drove >- Lady: why

Dear Brethren: Fort Ord, California

LET me use the "Your Page and Ours"for the opportunity Careful, Boy!

to give thanks to those at home responsible for my gift subscription of The Improvement Era. I received my first of There is one thing worse than a wife who can cook and

the year's subscription of the finest magazine a man in my won't; that's a wife who can't and will.

position can read.

first article I noticed "Religious Attitudes the was The of Unconventional written Strong. I believe (correct Men,"Noted by Leon M.

is the if I'm that he wrong) Seminary same man who me was my "I turned the way I signaled!"indignantly said the woman

City, teacher Idaho, at school the Sugar high nearly four after the crash.

finer ago. assure years nor a you that no Let me more man

intelligent contributing fineness the could to be of man our me.""I know you did,"answered the man. "That's what fooled Respectfully yours, magazine.

Cpl. Victor L. Mason Love Never Changes

Bloomington, Illinois "Lovemaking is the same today as it was in ancient times."

Dear Brethren: "What makes you say that?"

reading "I've just been I fortysix about a Greek maiden who sat and States Southern was in the years ago, we WHEN listened lyre all night."to a kodaks. nothing Neither about knew what know did we

an automobile was. Nor were the roads paved, and we had no

in. strictly headquarters then to stay without We traveled

scrip. purse and without night us, there Mad Hatter overtook Wherever

shelter. sought possessed carried in grip a small we All we we Mrs. Schmaltz: "Don't you think my new hat is a perfect

eight in stiff umbrellas, inches hats, by twelve size. Our and fit?"

Prince Albert coats, were a warning to everybody that we Mr. Schmaltz: "Fit! It's a convulsion!"

were "Mormon elders."People in the South were very anxious

to hear about religion in those days, and yet we suffered it is persecution. much Today don't care The Talkies

religion, but they are much for very different—peoplekind, and treat us wonderfully. It's a great honor and a privilege to be a missionary, Customer: "Are you sure this parrot can talk?"

especially at my age (sixtyfour), to enjoy good health and Dealer: "Talk! Why, a woman's club sold him to me because

friendship. none of the members could get a word in."

Cordially your brother and friend, (Signed) William M. Hansen, Hot on the Trail

Northern States Mission -4>- "What is an undertaker?"

New Guinea "An undertaker is a man who follows the medical profession."

Dear Editors:

helpful specially in the to us are "C army church work the A Different Version *—'editorials in the Era. certainly fulfil for us the exThey

pectation of President Grant, who once said that every copy "Yes,"said the great man, "I woke up one morning and had at least one article worth the price of the years subfound myself famous."

scription. "It was slightly different with me,"sighed the other. "I

Chaplain Reed Probst, U.S.A. found myself famous—and then I woke up."

352 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA r

Farmers who have known us for years will tell you this:

give farmers closer con tact with our buyers.

dicker over pr'ce And in many cases our new buying divisions "SfToror * To you P lor your farm P ywhere -—can get ** sWys

p Another to gel in. order,Lt otHhemorKer e operate local receiving the ma**** hey

so packing sheds and They price. bY,arly. deliver in smallcan iyou n by,n9 keep er quantities. carlot than

T All these buying divi- m sions operate exclusively for Safeway stores Ail follow our buying poliPeople sometimes ask cies And none of them us: How canyou do it? collect or accept commisHow can you pay farmsions, allowances or

ers top prices and at the tem of food distribution brokerage.

same time offeryour cusis recognized as a great tomers moneysavings? national asset. EverySAFEWAY

There's only one anbody benefits by the The neighborhood grocery stores swer to it. For 27 years, straightest possible road

we Safeway people have to market—in war or P. S. Since you buybeen simplifying and impeace. foods as well as proin- it will—

thatproving the ways of getBetter buying setup terestduce themyou to knowting food to market. You'll be interested to close to a third of all

We've eliminated a lot know we have recently our retail store customof "waste motion,"cut separated the job of buyers are farm folks. We

invite at shop you toout needless of disfrom the job costs ining for your Safeway one the producerbetween setting tributing—by up.. and full month. comand the consumer. specialized buying divipare what you save.

By doing so we have sions. Regional offices of

saved money to benefit these new Safeway buyPlant your idle dollars the grower and consuming divisions are being in War Bonds—and grow

er alike spread out over the security for tomorrow I

Today the Safeway syscountry This works to

-sss-

D* 'woe "if \L \ e toun** so9

etfer "<Jun -t nee'V\tne ir anclaxity i our v.<***<>"

i a *

: I

iff! I

# 4 *a*

II

fifci: - "*i,

Lake ''> '-V illl Grant. Pre*.

.+.. tijs, I; S

ex** |*S-1W'"ar!

.:

te--s- "'