REAL SPORT PAGES

Every red blooded American enjoys clean athletic contests which require a test of muscle and brain.

to its readers live sport pages written by -—furnishes

the world's best sport writers in an appealing and fascinating manner.

SUBSCRIPTION RATES

15 Cents a Week 65 Cents per Month

Latterday Saints Garments APPROVED CORRECT PATTERN Prepaid Parcel Poat to any part of the United States If paid la adranee, 20e extra oa each garment to Canada or Mexico.

These Approved Temple Garments are knitted and made right here la our own Utah factory, to your apeclal order and measurements. Lowest

plrces on market. Mall your order to as now and say yon saw ft la the

"Improvement Era."If order Is C. O. D. yon pay the postage.

LOOK FOR THE APPROVED LABEL IN EVERT GARMENT N- Price * Light summer 'weight bleached.91.49

11 Light weight cotton ijfo 20 Light weight cotton bleached l.TB

00 Medium weight cotton. j.irg

22M HeavyMediumweightweight cottoncotton nnbleachedbleached 2.4*9j.js

24 Heavy weight cotton bleached;. a.80

SO Extra white doable bleached, mercerised......! S.00

10 Medium weight wool mixture.. 8.00

10 Heavy weight wool mixture. "* 4 00 70 Saow white Sllklleen *'ao

18 All Merino Wool Slaea from 22 to 44 bust; 82 to 4 length, as desired. Longer than 04

Inches or orer 44 la. bust, each else 20c extra. Garments with doable backs 28c extra per suit. We will make aay sl*e desired.

Measure bast around body under arrant length from center oa top of hoalder down to Inside of ankle. Orders for loss than two garments not MBOCywHao

we"t*r *** "**- sToods aad underwear, also soots, flannelWf shirts?.""*fmei"r*mad Maeklaaw

MODEL KNITTING rRANKLTN CHRISTIANSON, ManaguaWORKS

OBT iTorooa St, Salt Lake Oty, Utah Phoae Hr 51 fl "RELIABLE AGENTS WANTED"mnff WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMrROVWUENT ERA

The Man who Does his Best There is praise for the hero who fought in the field

Where to kill was the business of men;

And we join with the throng in the shout and the song,

While they laud him again and again.

But how seldom we sing, What small tribute we bring, How few words in approval we say

For the man who is honestly doing his best

In the duties of every day.

We drape with our colors and garlands of green,

With roses we bower the hall, To honor the chief of a party or clan,

Of whom we know nothing at all;

But how seldom we meet Faithful service to greet, How few flowers we strew in the way,

Our approval to show For the person we know, Who is doing his best every day.

We give medals for valor and badges for fame;

And we herald the glory abroad,

When somebody happens to get on the heights

By justice, or scheming, or fraud.

But the brother who gives, Every day that he lives, What his hands and his brain can bestow,

May get blame for his pains, Or a grudge for his gains He has never a trophy to show.

A writer of yore, who was wise in the lore

Of humanity's failings, has said,

Recognition of worth is so slow on the earth

One may oft need a poultice instead.

Yet the greatest of creeds Is the doctrine of deeds;

And the man who is true to his trust,

Among laborers or kings, He shall rule many things 'Tis a verdict eternal and just.

Provo, Utah Annie D. Palmer

tJ "The wilderness and the solitary place sludl be glad for them; and the

desert shall rejoice, and blossom as the rose."Isaiah 35:1.

"Then judgment shall dwell in the wilderness, * * * and the work of righteousness shall be peace, * * * and my people shall dwell in a peaceable habitation, and in sure dwellings, and in quiet resting places.

Isaiah 32:15 r18.

We preach unto you that ye should turn from * * * vanities unto the living God, which made heaven, and earth, and the sea, and all things * therein: who * * * gave us rain from heaven, and fruitful

seasons, filling our hearts with food and gladness."Acts 14:1517.

fiVol. XXV APRIL, 1922 No.

John Apprecialion Antoine—An

By Fred Warner Shibley (With an introduction by President Heber J. Grant)

Introduction Mr. Fred W. Shibley, the author of the following tribute to

his Indian friend, John Antoine, came to Salt Lake City, representing the bankers in New York, Chicago, and San Francisco, to whom the UtahIdaho Sugar Company was owing many millions of dollars of money. He looked into the conditions of

the Company and the management of the same, and the production of sugar for twenty years past, and made a very splendid report as to the future outcome of the business. I had the

pleasure of traveling to New York with him and making arrangements with the bankers for an extension of our obligations to them. I became very much attached to Mr. Shibley

and count him now among my dear friends. I was delighted

with his tribute to his Indian friend, and asked permission to reproduce it in the Improvement Era, which he gladly granted.

We, of all people in the world, are interested in the descendants of Lehi. No other people appreciate so much the real

worth of the Indian, and have absolute confidence in his final destiny, as do the Latterday Saints. Therefore, I am sure all

of the Latterday Saint readers of the Era will very much enjoy the splendid tribute paid to John Antoine by my friend,

Mr. Fred W. Shibley.—Heber J. Grant.

John Antoine On the day before Christmas of last year there died at

Sharbot Lake, Canada, a good man, a helpful neighbor and a faithful friend. John Antoine was rich in years. He must

have been fully eighty years of age at the time of his death but he was so upright in form, his hair was so black and his 480 IMPROVEMENT ERA steps so firm that it was difficult to think of him as very old.

He was an Indian, almost full blooded, a Chippewa who had rebeen offered the position of chief of his tribe. He had

fused this honor through devotion to his family. He could

read and write as a little child does in its first years at school.

Most of the artificial benefits of existence were denied to him but it could be said of John as of only a select few in this world, Nature and he were mother and son. The great sympathetic maternal influence of organic life was very real to him

and like a confiding child he walked at her side all his days, listening to her, trusting her, believing absolutely in her. His

character, even his voice, was molded by Nature. She chose

that this simple Indian should be a gentle man, speaking with a tongue that possessed the murmuring tonal qualities of the forest. His was the serenity of a great pine, the unobtrusiveness of tender, kindly creatures, the courage of a strong heart

and the politeness and grace of unconscious worth. The struggle for existence was keen in every one of his fourscore years

and yet in each of those years he became progressively a nobler human being, his character assumed more attractive attributes, his voice became softer and his sympathies broader.

John Antoine was a hunter, a trapper, a guide, adding to these strenuous occupations of his youth, that of gardener in his later years. The world beyond the woods meant little to

him. He never saw a great city or conceived the intensive struggle of men and women for wealth, place and power. Ambition

was to him merely a word. Nevertheless, he was exceedingly

wise in forest lore and the ways of the creatures of the wilderness. There was a peculiar kinship between him and the birds.

Crows talked to him as if he were an old but somewhat severe friend. He would touch a flower as tenderly as if it were a

curl on a baby's head. He always marveled at the intricate

lures Nature perfected for plant and flower fertilization and he would smile broadly when he had reasoned out the conformation of a pistil or a corona. At such a time he would

look at me with superintelligent eyes revealing the comprehended thought and I read into his expression the words, "This

Mother Nature of ours is a unique old soul. She loves to do

such odd things."However, he seldom spoke, but I learned

when in his company somewhat of the pleasure that may be derived from the contemplation of natural phenomena.

It was a delight to follow him during a trip through the forest, observe the manner in which he marked his trail, see his body as a unit in action, every sense alert, his nostrils keen as those of a hound for the strange luring scents wandering in

JOHN ANTOINE—AN APPRECIATION 481

the laggard air, his hands touching this and that with a half caress. At such times he appeared to me as a man wholly

superior in intelligence to myself. In fact I trailed in his footsteps respectful, obedient and always hoping to get a spiritual

picture of Nature such as was revealed to him.

He delighted, above all else, in growing things and when he and I planted our War Garden in the clearing of the Winkle

Woods he seemed to come to a full knowledge of himself and he gloried in the delights of that garden by the lake shore.

There he and I realized that it was very pleasant indeed to get away from every one else and play in our garden, tending to our beloved plants and vines, watering them, tucking the soil about their stems, pulling insistent weeds which rejoiced in being bad and troublesome, listening to the birds seated on nearby trees watching us, and absorbing sunshine and the sweet freshness of the summer air. When tired we would seat

ourselves on the grass near the little log cabin where old Mr.

and Mrs. Winkle once lived and loved in days long gone and

I would fill my pipe and smoke while John looked out over the water and across the water to the wilderness beyond, his hands clasped in his lap, like another Buddha contemplating infinity. There at the garden I came to appreciate what a

beautiful character was his and to love him as now and then men come to love one another. I know that the garden at the

Winkle Woods in the Canadian Wilderness will never again be the place of romance it was now that John has gone. His

personality pervaded it and always I expected and knew that

I should find him there when I stole away from my guests and slid over the water in the Peter Pan to the garden just to talk things over with him, see how the peas and the potatoes were coming on and luxuriate in the sensuousness of being alone with Nature, her creatures and her High Priest.

He used constantly to insist that old Mrs. Winkle was about

when we worked at the garden, hovering over her black currant bushes, seeking to influence us to give them air about the roots.

It will be a rare company at the garden in future years, old man Curry, who planted the Livefor-ever that still insists on living forever, Mr. and Mrs. Winkle and John Antoine, all old

friends. Perhaps also Frank Hollywood, who died fighting in

France, will come paddling his dugout into Peaceful bay and pause as was his wont to have a word or two with John. And

always the sunshine will be there, the sweet strong smells of growing things, the musical murmurings of insect life and the fretful chatter of the birds.

In appearance John Antoine was a tall, straight, robust 482 IMPROVEMENT ERA man, his features clean cut. He was a handsome man, very

dark, with raven black hair which he always wore quite short.

He possessed perfect white teeth and up to within a few years of his death his eyesight was as keen as that of a country boy.

His eyes were dark brown, restful and somewhat melancholy in expression. His voice was remarkably cultured. He spoke

quietly and slowly. He never used a profane or vulgar expression. He was never servile in manner but always respectful.

His bearing in the presence of ladies was gravely courteous. It

was instinctive in him to stand with head uncovered in their presence.

He lived in a tworoom log cabin on a point just across the water to the southwest of Aspinwall Island. He had married late in life, as his second wife, a woman much younger

than himself, and raised a family of ten children, all but one of whom were living at the time of his death, the youngest being a baby girl less than a year old. The two eldest children, Leslie and Amelia, had gone out into the world and assisted in the support of the family. The others lived in the

little log cabin and were as happy as it is possible for children to be. I have observed them at play many times. Their mysteries were intense and full of rapture and excitement. They

had as companions a dog and a tame crow, the latter a weirdly intelligent creature which talked in a deep guttural, every note of which was readily interpreted by these children. Always in

the evening when he came home from the Island the children would run down to the water to greet him, accompanied by the dog and the crow, the smaller boys and girls tumbling over each other like puppies. He never kissed his children at such

a time but he would take a hand of the little ones and help them up the rocky slope to the cabin. In the twilight of a

warm summer night he would sit outside the cabin and play jig tunes to them until they fell asleep and the crow, disturbed in its repose by the violin, would scold severely and mutter furious animal expletives. His children adored him and his

wife loved and respected him. He showed partiality for only

one of these children, Amelia, his oldest daughter, still a girl when he died. There was always a radiant glow in his eyes

when he looked at her.

I knew John Antoine intimately during the last fifteen years. I have received from his comradeship and his friendship more than from any other man. He and I came very close

together in the later years. It is a tribute of love that I now

pay to his memory.

The late John B. Lunger, VicePresident of the Equitable

JOHN ANTOINE—AN APPRECIATION 483

Life Assurance Society, told me once that a day spent fishing in Sharbot Lake with John Antoine induced in him a perfect felicity, during which he forgot all his cares and perplexities, the sordidness of modern life and, even his own personality. He

said that John's soul seemed superior to his, possessing a more virile attraction, for in any event all that day on the lake was spent in spiritual wanderings and wonderings with the old Indian, the result being a rest and peace that were delightful.

In a letter from Mr. Arthur H. Lowe of Fitchburg, Mass.,

received since I wrote the above, the same thought is apparent.

Referring to John's death, he writes, "I too loved old John. I

loved to be with him alone. He was different from men who

trade and traffic."What more could be said of a man than

this, "I loved to be with him alone?"That is an exquisite

tribute.

Truly there is a rare charm in the character of a good man, a charm merely attractive at first like beauty in flowers and children but which leads on acquaintance to affection. The

character of a man is the coordinate manifestation of his physical and spiritual personality. A human being brings with him

into organic existence certain inherited tendencies or characteristics and as he progresses through life he adds to these or casts them off acting in accord with the laws of attraction and repulsion. As he proceeds through life, therefore, he becomes

constantly better or worse. In the one case his nature is receptive to and in harmony with whatever is good and in the

other he attracts and is attracted by whatever is evil. The

soul of a man is the immortal life germ colored and influenced by the physical forces in the midst of which it exists.

John Antoine was born with fine inherited qualities. He

grew and developed like a splendid tree, drawing from the sunshine itself what was best for him, holding his head always erect, proud of his honor, throwing off as he went through life such evil tendencies as had attached themselves to him in his youth, sloughing off his sins one by one as did the ancient Hindoo prince who climbed the mountains into Heaven, arriving there free of every mortal thing but love.

Now he has gone. It is well that his fellow country folk

should know what I, his comrade and his friend, knew of him through long years of intimate association, because he was an honor to manhood, a chevalier of the land of lakes and forests, a natural gentleman, and moreover it is instructive for us all to think that such lovable and attractive characteristics as were possessed by this old Indian may be attained by permitting Nature to take possession of us and guide us along her pleasant ways.

Preparation for Religious Teaching'

By Dr. L. E. Cowles

I desire at the outset to make clear what I shall attempt to do in this address. First, I shall point out what I consider to

be the limitation of my subject. Second, I shall try to indicate the aim of religious teaching by pointing out some of the

characteristics of the religious person. Third, I shall call attention to some of the characteristics of the nature of boys and

girls, young men and young women, whom we are preparing to train. Fourth, I want to make some suggestions as to methods of procedure in religious training.

Now, in the first place, I am to discuss preparation for teaching religion, not theology. I believe that there is a difference. "Religion,"says Coffin, "is a kind of life after the

pattern of the life of Jesus of Nazareth; while theology is the

attempt to explain this fact; it is a theory of religion."

W. E. Gladstone says, "Theology is ordered knowledge representing in the region of the intellect what religion represents

in the heart and life of man."

Dr. Talmage in his Articles of Faith says, "A person may be

deeply versed in theological lore and yet be lacking in religious and even in moral traits. Theology may be compared to theory

while religion represents practice."

Theology and religion are complementary to each other.

Belief and faith guide action. I shall mention belief, only in

so far as it seems vital in influencing religious conduct. Religious teaching means that religious life is developed in the

people who come in contact with the influence of the teacher.

What are some of the characteristic manifestations of this religious life, which we wish to foster? Among the elements

of such a life are the following:

The religous person has a sublime faith in the spiritual control of the universe. He does not believe in blind chance

manifesting itself in undirected evolutionary process. Behind,

the planets and the protoplasmic cell is intelligence, planning, guiding and directing.

The religious person does not believe in the purely me-

*An address delivered before the Leadership Convention, Brigham

Young University, Provo, Utah, Jan. 26, 1922.

PREPARATION FOR RELIGIOUS TEACHING 485

chanical cause and effect conception of the universe. He believes that divine intelligence, incarnated in the minds of men,

can alter the causes and modify the effects so far as to make the world a better and happier place in which to live.

He believes that men are free to choose the good or evil life. That salvation or condemnation depends upon his own

acts. No fatalistic predestination. "Men will be punished for

their own sins and not for Adam's transgression."

"* * * Every soul is free, To choose his life and what he'll be.

For this eternal truth is given

That God will force no man to heaven.

He'll call, persuade, direct aright,

Bless him with wisdom, love and light.

In nameless ways be good and kind,

But never force the human mind."

The religious person believes that man is the highest and noblest work of the Creative. Intelligence, and that man possesses in his own nature a spark of the divine. He does not

despise art, science, industry, and social institutions, but he sees in them the manifestations of the strivings of the divine intelligence, in its attempt to lift man by conscious evolution to higher and higher levels.

He believes in the ultimate cooperation of science and on, that man may "subdue the earth and have dominion over it.""Men are that they might have joy,"and science has

a tremendous mission in bringing "joy"to man.

The second essential of the religious life is that there shall be an intelligent understanding of the function of religion in general. Religion is a conserver of the past. It is a great

stabilizer; a balance wheel. It protects against radical reversion

or social revolution. "Without the religious check,"gays

Ward, "the human race would have been borne to destruction by the extravagant vagaries of unbridled reason."

It must be admitted that at times religion, by conserving the past, may have stood in the way of progress, but this fact does not lessen the importance of religion as a stabilizer. Ellwood says, "The death of religion would mean the death of

civilization, or of all higher forms of civilization."The church

is not only a conserver of old values but a promoter of new values. "If there is anything virtuous, lovely, or of good report, or praiseworthy, we seek after these things."

The religious person is always interested in the welfare of society and the individuals that make up society. He should

face forward and not backward. "Onward, upward is our movement."

As a third characteristic of the religious person, I would 486 IMPROVEMENT ERA say that he will normally be identified with and loyal to an organized church. He must have a conviction that the organized

church is the best social agent for accomplishing the normal and religious aims of society. Working in the church as a social organization may lead to the conviction that the church is

He will atthe divinely appointed agency for saving the race.

the same time be respectful and tolerant of other churches.

"Let them worship how, where or what they may."

A fourth characteristic of the religious person is that he will participate actively in religious activity. "By their fruits ye

shall know them.""Show me your faith without your works,

and I'll show you my faith by my works.""Put your shoulder

to the wheel."Not only will he attend meetings but he will pay

his offerings, visit the sick, be kind and considerate to the other members of his family, be honest in his dealings, and radiate optimism and joy wherever he goes. To participate

effectively he must be able to discriminate the essential from the trivial. He will not pay tithes of "mint and anise and

cummin, and forget the weightier matters of the law, judgment, mercy and faith."

In participating in religious activity he will have the moral courage to face ridicule, abuse, indifference, to follow his conscience. He will not seek Jesus by night only, but will say,

by his actions, "I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ; for it

is the power of God unto salvation."He is wedded to a worthy

cause and joys in its accomplishment.

The fifth quality that I shall mention is that the religious person has sympathy for all people. He believes in "doing

good to all men."He accepts into his life the new commandment that "ye love one another."Many religious people testify

that with the growth of religion has come a sympathy for others.

One such has said, "A new love of people took possession of me.

I do not think that I had ever before cared deeply for any one.

Now, even the meanest seemed wonderfully significant, simply as a human being."

The sixth, and last essential that I shall mention is that the religious person has a conception of the sacredness of the human body. It is the agency through which all personality must

manifest itself. It can function best only when in prime condi"

tion. It has within it the divine power of procreation, through

which man becomes a partner with God. Care, development,

not suppression and mutilation, is the religious social attitude.

Body and soul are inseparable for performing religious service. The warning of the apostle to the Gentiles, "Ye are the

temple of the living God,"takes a new and beautiful significance.

PREPARATION FOR RELIGIOUS TEACHING 487

I have sketched some of the essentials of the religious person, the development of which is the aim of religious teaching. All methods must be controlled by the aim, but methods

also depend upon the nature and state of development of the learners. I wish now to call attention to some of the characteristics of child growth that must be taken into consideration

by any one who is preparing to teach religion.

There are, roughly speaking, four periods of growth through which the child passes from birth to maturity. The periods

overlap, and there is no sharp line of demarcation separating them, but there are certain dominant characteristics of each period. We may call these stages of growth, (1) infancy, from

birth to about five years of age; (2) early childhood, sometimes called the "transition stage,"from about the age of six

to eight; (3) later childhood, sometimes called the "formative"

stage, from eight to twelve; (4) and the adolescent stage from

about twelve to about eighteen. After adolescence comes

maturity.

The physical and mental traits peculiar to these stages, while extremely interesting, need not be described here. We

are concerned with those elements only which make more directly for moral and religious training. During the period of

infancy, the child's life is uostly physical. His first actions

are largely reflective and in tmctive, but he gradually learns to control his movements, and to discriminate between that which gives pleasure and that which does not. He is neither

moral nor immoral and he has very vague notions, if any, as to principles governing conduct. He accepts the authority of his

elders, because he cannot do otherwise, and he imitates their actions and language. Aside from establishing good physical

habits and setting proper examples for the child to follow, little can be done in the teaching of religion in infancy. The

small child may pray, because he is told to do so, but it is doubtful that he has any clear conception as to why or to whom he prays. The value lies in the habit established of bowing in devotion and acknowledging an unseen Giver of good.

Later in life, the habit will prove a real asset, when its significance dawns upon the growing youth.

The "transitional"period from about six to eight, so far as moral and religious qualities are concerned, is largely an extension of the period of infancy. The child is still incapable

of subordinating momentary impulses to the accomplishments of remote ends. He lives in a world of reals, and is not yet

swayed to a very large extent by social ideals. Duty, honor,

obedience, mean less to him now than they will later. AuthorIMPROVEMENT ERAm

ity, habit and imitation are the forces that modify his instinctive tendencies and control his conduct.

The "formative"period from eight to twelve offers a larger field for moral and religious training. He is anxious to know

the "whys"and "wherefores"of conduct. The capacity for

logical reasoning is much stronger than in the earlier period, and consequently the ability to form religious concept is greater.

His emotions begin to play a greater part, and he begins to be more of a "social"being. But he is still immature. Dr. Bagley

says: "From the standpoint of moral culture, the years, eight to twelve are preeminently the time for developing specific moral habits—habits

little attempt at 'moralof cleanliness, honesty and obedience—with very

suasion,'but rather a chief dependence upon arbitrary authority. This

statement may smack of barbarism and suggest an unwelcome return to the severe moral culture of the past. But, if in attempting to civilize

the child, we assume that he is civilized at the outset; ifi, in attempting

to develop higher motives, we assume that those motives already exist and operate effectively; then we not only commit a logical fallacy, but

experience goes to prove that we make a very serious practical blunder."

The moral and religious nature of the child from eight to twelve is in the formative stage but is not yet formed. It

is a seed time, and the harvest later will depend largely upon the planting and nurturing during the period.

The adolescent period, from about twelve to eighteen, is in many respects the golden opportunity for religious training.

It is a time of profound emotional changes, and intellectual awakenings. Social interests come to their fulness and there

is a clash and conflict of ideals that justifies the term "stress and strain."The young person is alternately on the mountain

tops of exaltation and in the dark valley of despair. It is a

time of wonderful religious awakening, and of alarming tendencies toward criminality as well. At this period Joan of Arc

heard the voices calling her to the deliverance of her people;

at this period, the boy Prophet, Joseph Smith, saw God the

Father and his Son, Jesus Christ; and at this period, too, Jesus

himself went up to the temple and seems, for the first time to have realized that he must be about his Father's business.

An investigation, carried on by Dr. Gulick, a few years

ago, indicates that the great majority of Christian people become interested in religion and unite with churches during the adolescent period. Indeed, comparatively few people join at a

later period. Another study by the same author, shows that

criminal careers are likewise almost always begun during the adolescent period. Surely, it is a period of the parting of the

ways.

Adolescence, shades off into the period of maturity, when

PREPARATION FOR RELIGIOUS TEACHING 489

there is less of emotionality, less of impetuosity, less of vision;

more of evenness, more of settled routine, and more and more as the years pass, a tendency to look backward and exalt what has been.

I have now sketched in merest outline some of the characteristics of growth which, it seems to me, the teacher of religion should know. I d,esire to call attention to a few principles of method.

In the first place, the wise teacher will provide ample opportunity for the child to open his heart but will not force the growth. The "hot house"product in religious training, as

well as in horticulture, may be pleasing for the time being but it will soon wither and fade. Perhaps the best method of approach is to relate to the child your own memories of the experiences which you now see were important from the religious

standpoint. You did not analyze them then, and the child will

not analyze them now. You simply felt them and you desire

that the child will likewise feel them. The teacher of religion

should rid himself of the "times and seasons"notion. Sunday

may be no more a satisfactory day to teach religion than is

Monday or Saturday. The time to give the lesson is when the

psychological mood is right, and when the environment will emphasize the truth. It may be during a game or it may be at

the dinner table, in the street, or on the play ground, or it may be on Sunday morning in the Sunday school. But there can

be no set period. We may control the surroundings so as to make

one period more opportune than another, but we must accept the child when he is willing to give us his consideration, no matter where nor when.

The teacher should avoid the mistakes of confounding a conversation on "religion"with religious conversation. Much

so called religious teaching is nothing more than splitting hairs concerning theological definitions. Just as some of the best

lessons in hygiene are given without ever mentioning term, so some of the best lessons in religion are given without ever mentioning the word "religion."

One keen observer has said, "The child's aspiration, his religious devotion, his love for God, will find expression in most every other way before it will be formulated into questions of a seriously theological character."

The teacher of religion must have faith in God's laws of growth, and must wait patiently for the child to grow in faith and religious power. He may provide the warmth of his genial

nature which will call for the latent qualities of the child's soul as the sun and the moisture persuade the flowers to bud and bloom, but the process must not be rushed. Laws of nature

490 IMPROVEMENT ERA

control here as elsewhere. The teacher should deal carefully

and cautiously with the child's consciousness of God. He should

shield the child from untrustworthy influences and faulty information. Many times truths to the adult are grossly misunderstood by the child. Numerous instances might be cited

to prove the statement. Sometimes, too, information on these

vital questions is secured from superstitious and ignorant people who exercise an evil effect upon the child's entire future life.

The teacher* should recognize that natural conversation is one of the best means of religious instruction. Very little can

be accomplished by making the child keep still while the teacher talks to him. He may give the semblance of obedience

and attention, because he has respect for authority but his soul is not quickened until he enters actively into the thought and discussion.

The child may say, "Did God make the world?"This can

be answered quickly and positively in the affirmative. But if

the child says, "Did God make the leaves and buds with his fingers just like mama made the paper flowers?"Then the

teacher has an opportunity to show her skill in implanting faith, and at the same time imparting ideas that will not have to be unlearned later in life.

The teachers'method will recognize the fact that religion rests largely on an emotional basis, but that the emotional states are closely linked and possibly dependent upon physical conditions. To get the emotion of reverence, take the attitude of

reverence. Bowing the head, closing the eyes, kneeling, and all

such physical means help to bring the appropriate emotion.

The teacher of adolescent boys and girls will capitalize the social instincts of the period. He will attempt to guide the

leaders and to popularize the religious activities. He will attempt to guide the group mind, so that group action will take

the constructive, upward path, and not the downward.

He will recognize the highly emotional material he is handling, and will refrain from extreme and lurid pictures of sin, and likewise from fostering a superspiritual, unnatural expectancy of miraculous manifestations. He will stress social

participation in uplifting enterprises, and he will show the reasonableness of the principles of religion as they work out in conduct.

One of my high school boys who had contracted the cigarette habit, said to me, after losing in an athletic contest, "Now,

I know that tobacco is not good for the body."My own boy,

after collecting offerings at Christmas time for the poor, and going with the bishop to distribute the presents, said, "Those

PREPARATION FOR RELIGIOUS TEACHING 491

good people just cried for joy when we brought them things to eat, and it made us happy. I know it's right to do what the

bishop wants us to do for it makes people so glad."

College students represent a group just between adolescence and maturity. The question is sometimes asked, "Why do young

people seem to lose faith in religion when they go to college?"

I believe that their seeming loss of faith, where or when manifested at all, may be accounted for in several ways. In

the first place they are trained in college to think inductively, while most of the theological teaching is largely deductive. The

college student is trained to observe phenomena and to draw his conclusions from the facts observed. He is taught to challenge the statements of authors and books, unless the conclusions square with known facts. I am reminded of a young

man who had been taught to reason from observable data, and was convinced that the earth must have been a very long time in assuming its present form and condition, and that the animal and plant life must have appeared in successive waves indicating a progression from simpler to more complex forms.

After his return home a conscientious old brother said, "Well,

John, has your college education caused you to lose faith in the gospel?"

"No,"was the reply, "My religion means more to me than ever before."

"Do you believe,"said the older man, "that the earth was actually created in six days of twentyfour hours each? Do

you believe that Adam was created out of the dust of the earth, by a simple act of creation? Do you believe that the first

woman was made from Adam's rib? Do you believe that the

sun and moon stood still by command of Joshua? Do you believe that languages originated at the confusion of tongues? The

word of God says that these things actually took place. If you

don't believe them you are an apostate from the faith of your fathers."Now the wise teacher of religion will never take this attitude. However much he may himself believe in the literal

historical interpretation of the scriptures, he will be careful not to exclude from religious activities young people who may differ from him in points of theology.

Another reason for the seeming loss of faith is that the college student is interested in present social problems, rather than in the attempt to fit ancient institutions to modern life.*******

College people may seem to lose the faith because of indifference bred from inactivity. Exercise is necessary to growth

492 IMPROVEMENT ERA of any kind. The wise teacher will get these men and women

to work if possible. They like to work, and their faith will

increase in proportion as they labor. They are optimistic and

idealistic, but they want to know that their work is directed toward the accomplishment of some practical concrete results.

They believe in relieving poverty; in promoting clean sports;

in eliminating illiteracy; in vocational placement; in the execution of just laws; in providing suitable play grounds, in

clinical service for the poor; in securing suitable reading rooms

and in a thousand other things.

It is not impossible to unite the young persons'religious sentiments with his patriotic emotions, and make of him a most valiant fighter for civic righteousness, so that our nation may retain and magnify her position of world leadership—not on

merely economic grounds but on the principles of real Christian brotherhood.

I said the wise teacher of religion will use these intelligent men and women. I knew a young man, a college graduate, who

had become indifferent, in fact, skeptical, in the faith. He

was aeked to become superintendent of a Sunday school. He

declined at first, giving as one excuse that he did not pay tithing and would not do so. The presiding officer held up before

him the great opportunities he would have for social good, and promised that he would never mention tithing to him. The

young man accepted the position. He became thoroughly interested in his work, and was highly successful. Furthermore,

he became convinced that he ought to pay tithing, and without any one mentioning the subject, he began the payment of tithes. Ever since then he has been a tithe payer and an active

Church worker.

Get the college men and women to work in the religious activities. It will be the means of saving them and also of

strengthening the Church as well.

Now, in conclusion, I want to mention what seems to me to be the most important factor of all, in the preparation to teach religion, no matter what the stage of development of the student. That factor is this: "Be yourself what you desire

others to be."He that ministers at the altar of religious education must see to it that he is clean and pure himself, and

that his daily life is in accord with his Sunday teaching. It

must not be said of him, "I cannot hear what he says because what he is rings so loudly in my ears."

University of Utah.

The Agricultural Situation Reviewed from a Little Different Angle

By P. V. Cordon, Director, Branch Agricultural College

The farm bloc, the president's conference on agriculture, the various congressional investigations into the cause of the farmers'economic problems, the legislative remedies that have things,been proposed as surecures for agricultural ills—these

and all others related thereto, have received so much attention of late that it is refreshing and otherwise beneficial to review the basic facts that constitute the foundation of agriculture.

Some of these facts are: First, that agriculture is an art; second, that a great many people practice this art not merely as a

means of making a living but as a source of domestic happiness third, that its successful pursuit depends upon a thorough knowledge of life in its broader sense; fourth, that modern

farming itself is dependent upon many industries; fifth, that

agriculture involves, at once, problems of production and problems of disposal; and, sixth, despite all efforts to minimize them,

there will always be "ups and downs"in agriculture, just as there always have been.

J. S. Mills says that "art in general consists of the truths of

science, arranged in the most convenient order for practice, instead of the order which is the most convenient for thought;"

whereas F. H. Giddings urges us to remember that "the arts

themselves are groups of ideas and acquisitions of skill that exist only in the minds, muscles and nerves of living men."

Webster says that art is "systematic application of knowledge or skill in effecting a desired result. Also, an occupation or business requiring such knowledge or skill; a craft; as, mechanical

or industrial arts."

From these definitions it is plain that agriculture is an art, but there are good reasons why it should not be confused with the mechanical or industrial arts that are commonly referred to as trades. For agriculture is not a trade and the farmer is

not a tradesman, in the sense that carpenters, plumbers and machinists are tradesmen.

For obvious reasons, also, agriculture as an art has relatively little in common with the socalled trade unions, except as agriculture and the trades have become, in a sense, interdepend494 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ent. The agriculturist, technically, is both employer and employee, whereas, the unionist has the viewpoint of only the

employee. The bricklayer, for example, is interested in obtaining high pay, short hours, and cheap food; whereas the farmer

knows that only through long hours and reasonable prices for his food products can he obtain even a fair wage for his labor.

The farmer very clearly, also, is directly or indirectly affected by every increase in wage that the unionist obtains; a good

example of this being the present situation with reference to freight rates.

There is another thing that sets agriculture apart from the trades or crafts, namely, that the farmer cannot proceed with the assurance of getting out of his occupation returns in exact proportions to what he puts into it. His returns are affected by

too many limiting factors, including the hazards of climate, the ravages of insect pests and the destructiveness of infectious diseases, not to mention the uncertainty of the markets for farm produce. The tradesman is paid by the hour or the day; so

much labor performed means so much cash in hand. The farmer, on the other hand, as the result of his labor, if his crops are

good, becomes at once the owner of saleable goods and he seeks to dispose of his goods wherever and however he may to the best possible advantage to himself. If his crops fail, he is the

loser; his labor nets him nothing. Even if his crops are good

and, for one cause or another, the market is poor, he is again the loser. In a sense, therefore, the farmer is a gambler, as

my friend, Mike Hogan, once put it.

Mike was farming in central Montana, when an oil boom settled upon that region. He with others, of course, caught the

"oil fever"and began scratching around for a little cash with which to speculate. Mike's banker advised against such speculation, but Mike replied that the five hundred dollars he was

about to gamble on oil was a mere trifle compared with the amount of money he gambled every year when he planted his crops, and the chances for "striking it right"were so much better in oil that there could be no comparison! And he was

right, at least in so far as the amount involved was concerned, because, as we calculated at the time, his planted crop, including the seed, the plowing and the preparation of the land, represented a capital outlay of approximately three thousand dollars.

As for chances for "striking it right,"I can only state that

Mike was speaking in the gloom of his experience during four

Consecutive years of drought.

Yet, fully aware of all these uncertainties of agriculture, mindful of all its hazards, familiar with the long hour* irv

AGRICULTURAL SITUATION REVIEWED 495

volved, and awake to the unfavorable economic situation confronting them, there are millions of Mikes who, undismayed, will go forth this spring to sow their crops, buoyed up by the since the aghope of success. They have done so before—ever

they will do so, must do ricultural age of man dawned—and

so, each year in the future, if human life on earth is to be maintained. That is the fact underlying all speculation upon

the manner in which the farmers are to practice their art successfully.

And what would success mean to Mike? The production

of a good crop, disposed of to advantage, so that the barn might be painted, a decent henhouse built, the kitchen linoleum replaced, a better sire purchased, and the children assured of their schooling! The financial ability thus to improve his

farm and thereby create a more wholesome environment for his family is the ambition of every true farmer. In the making

of a good living, of course, he is interested, as he should be;

but behind that, born of his interest in his art, is the ambition, shared by his wife, to provide a good home. And when that

ambition is tempered by a love for good livestock, a fondness for superior crops, and a desire to excel in the production of either, or both, there is created about that home an atmosphere that breeds manhood and womanhood of the highest type.

Then is the art of agriculture practiced successfully.

This successful pursuit of agriculture, however, is governed the soil, the crops,by the farmer's knowledge of life—life of

the animals, and man. How terribly wrong is the old idea, still

retained in many quarters, particularly among those who know the least about agriculture, that to know how to farm is simply to know how to harness a team, hitch it properly to the plow or the drill or the reaper, drive it knowingly all day, unhitch it at night, tie the horses to the manger, throw them some hay;

milk the cows, slop the hogs, gather the eggs, and close up for the night! The drudgery implied in such a statement is the

only thing emphasized; and that appeals only to him who

thinks he sees in it an argument against the tyranny of the "capitalist."He fails to see the wholesomeness of honest labor,

the joy of knowing how to work in harmony with the laws of nature, the satisfaction of proprietorship, the familiar happiness that characterizes the farm home.

Successful farming today calls for knowledge as broad in scope, as complete and as accurate, as the knowledge demanded by any profession, business or trade; indeed, there are many

who would argue that the knowledge possessed by a successful farmer is more comprehensive than that possessed by any 496 IMPROVEMENT ERA other man. Be that as it may, the fact remains that the farmer

must know his soil, the uncertainties of his climate, the needs of his crops and his animals and the requirements of those if he breeds better crops and betterwho buy his produce. And

animals he must know the biological principles underlying such improvement. Moreover he must know something about law,

commerce, architecture, building, mechanics, sanitation, veterinary medicine, and every other trade or profession bearing directly or indirectly upon the daily operation of his farm.

is his industrial position from that of theHow different then man who daily spends his time at a machine designed only to cut soles for the shoes we wear! How different from the daily

difperformance of the average laborer in any trade! How

ferent from the daily practice of the professional man, or even the varied day of the business man!

Yet farming, it must be remembered, is dependent upon many, many industries. The old cry about farm life being so

independent no longer holds true. The farmer, in his present

relationship to industrial life, is among the most dependent men on earth. If he were not, he would not be interested in the outcome of the many conferences, conversations, oratorical outbursts and congressional confabs that are being staged for his

benefit. He has awakened to the fact that his alleged independence is no truer than the heralded advantage of isolation is

to America. He now is aware that the hunger of the hordes

who stand all day at factory machines has a tremendous effect upon the market for his surplus produce; he realizes that it is

a long, long step from the iron mine to the plow beam; from

the machinery manufacturing plant to the farm; from the farm

to the roller mills and the packing houses, and back; from the

hide he takes from his kill to the shoes he wears to church;

from the wool he sells to the suit he wears; from the cotton

bale to the gingham housedress; from lead ore to the printed

page; from crude oil to gasoline for his automobile! All this

he sees, now, as never before. He finds himself still independent, to a degree, in so far as he may produce food for his familv: but, to provide the many comforts of a modern home and

improve his surroundings, he knows that he must dispose of a surplus of something, be it wheat, cotton, live stock or vegetables.

Thus, it is plain, agriculture, as was stated in the beginning paragraph of this article, involves, at once, problems of production and problems of disposal. Strangely enough, this fact

has onlv recently been recognized by farmers and, for that matter, by their professional associates and advisers in federal

AGRICULTURAL SITUATION REVIEWED 49?

and state departments of agriculture as well as by legislatures, chambers of commerce and other organizations. Until very

recent years, agricultural effort was all in the direction of production; today, as might have been expected in the light of

human experience since man first appeared on earth, the stress is all on disposal. The pendulum has swung, as usual, from

one extreme to another. But it is clear as sunlight that something must be produced before it can be sold. A marketing

plan, private or cooperative, is useless if it has nothing to market, or if something that is available for the market is not marketable.

I have already referred to the scope of knowledge that must be possessed by the farmer if he is to be successful as a producer of marketable goods. Possessing such knowledge, is

it humanly possible for him to possess also the knowledge necessary to a profitable disposal of those goods? There, in my

opinion, is the question that is too frequently overlooked by conferences on farm problems; or, if it is not overlooked entirely, it is not fully considered. My answer to that question

I would print thiswould be in the affirmative, provided—and

proviso in distinctive that the meaning of type—provided,necessary be clearly defined. How much marketing knowledge

is necessary? What is necessary if the farmer is to dispose of

his crops profitably?

Let us turn the query around, and apply it in a little different way. Suppose we were considering the problem of how

the consumer of farm products could produce them profitably.

What knowledge would it be necessary for him to possess?

Take the tire manufacturer, for example. He wants to grow

the cotton he uses in his tires. Should he leave his office, buy

a cotton farm, which would probably be as strange to him as anything else in the world, and spend his time and money in an effort to grow his own cotton? Or would it be better business to hire a good cotton grower to manage the farm? A

common sense analysis of this case makes it appear that the knowledge needed by the manufacturer involves merely the knowledge that a cotton farm, working capital, and a good manager are essential to success. The degree of success attained would depend, of course, upon the natural factors that

limit the production of any crop.

Returning now to the original question, does it not seem that the knowledge necessary to a profitable disposal of farm produce involves chiefly the knowledge that organization, working capital and good management are essential to success? And

that the degree of success attained will depend upon natural 498 IMPROVEMENT ERA and economic laws that influence, if they do not govern, the

If that defines necessary, and if that is truly the essential marketing knowledge that the farmer needs, then it would seem that a general appreciation of this fact would serve to clear the air of much of the confusion resulting from the numerous remedies for farm ills that have been and are being proposed.

I come now to my sixth point, namely, that despite all efforts to minimize them, there will always be "ups and downs"forin agriculture, just as there always have been. My reasons

stating this as a fact are (1) that nature, to a very great extent, will always govern production; and (2) that farmers are human beings, subject to all the whims, jealousies, fads and fancies

that characterize the human race.

The effect on price of large and small crops may be controlled, to some extent, by organization; that is, fluctuations in

price may be less violent; but it is unlikely that fluctuations

can ever be wholly avoided, if for no other reason than that the human factor will prompt many farmers to sow as they prefer to reap, regardless.

The human traits of the farmer are his virtues. It is because he is human that he loves nature and her ways, and his

love of nature is responsible for the fact that he is always striving to produce, which enables the rest of humanity to live, and to improve his holdings, which is a good thing for the world.

Take away from him that love of nature, or chill it with a cold industrialism, and, at that moment, you will rob agriculture of its lifesustaining substance! For there is something besides

business in farming—something deeper, more soulful, more

Godlike.

By this I do not mean that there is no good reason for the concern shown about agricultural problems—heaven knows

there is reason I think it well for the farmer, enough!—but

and everybody who is really interested in the welfare of the farmer, to keep in mind what constitutes agriculture, so as not to be unduly influenced by every proposed solution of its great problems, behind which are the problems of life itself.

Cedar City, Utah

A Clean Face

A Beautiful, Clean not a Decorated or Enameled Face Greatly Helps

In Judging the Kind of Ladies Men Naturally and Openly Praise, and

Quite Respectfully Say: "These Useful, Valiant Women are 'Xcellent,

Youthful, and Zealous."

On the Trail to Cow Camps

By David Horatio Morgan

Through the rough and crevicelike gap, high up in the dense pine and cedar covered divide, through a parting between the granite walls of Mescal and St. Matthews mountains, Elva

Stanley rode cautiously, reining the big black with the skill of one who knows a mountain bridle trail. In and out among the

trees and rocks she led a trailhorse packing several sacks of mail and express. Here Elva made a halt for a few minutes

she considered the divide the halfway point between Junction and CowCamps on the Rio Verde, dividing the twentyfour miles of her trip.

Dismounting she loosened the cinches on both tired and sweaty horses, and walked out to a little opening between the trees to where the mountain side dropped abruptly several hundred feet to the gradual slope that drained towards the river.

It was a place to which she always went to marvel, and to admire the vista of a sunken world where lived barely an hundred people in all; here days and days one might ride off the trail

and never see a person, only infrequently did the cowpunchers ride this part of the range, and often she would say to herself as she sat and looked out upon the great expanse before her, "I wonder if there is any one down in there now?"

It was sixty miles across the great depression to where the valley again rose up to the level of the pass in a blue jagged mountain range. The descent was a thousand feet to the river,

through rocky canyons, and dense wooded ridges. And the

river, although she could not see the water from where she sat, she could mark the course of the stream by the occasional glimpses of the great walled canyon through which it flowed, and again other places where it ran through rich fertile stretches of valley land dotted with the ranches of CowCamps.

She was a part of this vast void, blueeyed and rugged although alert to every feminine instinct. She had inherited

from her mother the finer sensibilities of a lady of the South, a lady who had followed an ambitious husband into the wilds of Arizona. She had inherited a daring recklessness and a love

of adventure which were curbed by a dominant will and refined susceptibilities. She knew of no honest endeavor too

500 IMPROVEMENT ERA

child of the wilds with severe, nor of no restraint too harsh—a

refined and educated instincts; an orchid in the atmosphere of

the wilderness.

There could be no danger ordinarily to any one making the trip alone from the station to the river, for the country had been cleared of renegades, outlaws, and bad Indians, and a Military Post was established at Del Rio.

Elva literally had been forced into her present position of carrying the mail on account of a shortage of help at the Camps.

The position, however, was not that of a United States mail carrier, for a route had never been established—she simply got

the mail and express at the office each week by order for the people of the Camps and they paid her for her services. It

was an arduous task, but she enjoyed the work, for, as she said, "On mail days I go to school to Nature; and I just love

to study and plan when nothing but the music and the beauty of the wild things offer a detraction."

While the girl sat looking, spellbound, at even the familiar view, searching out the more prominent places within the rugged and unclaimed wild, enraptured with the vastness stillness, the quietude the bigness of the hole at her feet—the

of it all except the tunings of the nature things, she was startled by the scrambling of horse's feet. Quickly she ran back, and

just in time to see a horseman slash the tierope of the trailhorse and make away.

useless, she had never learned Elva did not halloo—that was

the habit, for people of the wilderness seldom have companions to whom they may cry for help—they must think and

act alone.

At first she reflected, "It is some of the cowpunchers from the Camps who has happened along and wishing to have some fun at my expense has done the trick!"But she did not hesitate, like a flash she caught the horn of her saddle and sprang

to the seat, wheeling the big black upon his hind feet, and disappeared after the horseman like a streak of light.

For a mile she followed, brushing and tearing recklessly through the trees and rocks, directed only by the clattering of loose stones and the breaking of limbs by the thief trying desperately to lose her among the trees, but she was equally as good rider as he and the extra trailhorse necessarily impeded his haste. She was gaining on him, and they were running down

along the side of a rough and rocky wooded ridge. "Oh, I

see!"she mused, "he is making for that dry sand wash! He

thinks I can't hear him then; but he will leave tracks to

follow."ON THE TRAIL TO COW CAMPS 501

She did not go directly into the wash but rode along the ridge watching to see, if possible, where he might come out on the other side: she carried a service pistol in her right

hand but she would not use it except in protection of herself.

At the point of the ridge she waited, but nowhere could she see the man. "Where could he have gone?"she asked in

dismay; and riding down turned back up the wash. She did

this at her own peril. "What if I should meet him; he could

easily ambush himself behind any of that brush?"but she went

bravely on, expecting any moment to see or to hear the thief.

Then she came to where the tracks left the main wash and turned up a little draw. "He saw me pass and waited, then

turned off!"she reasoned.

The draw terminated abruptly in the face of a steep and rocky cliff, where the ascent was over an old game trail. Without hesitation Elva followed, but she did not go far. Between

two cliffs where there was barely room for a horse to go, the thief had rolled several large boulders into the pass—stones

too large for the girl to move, and she could not pass. For

a moment she stood perplexed, looking for some other way out, when, to her surprise, not more than fifty feet above her, from a projecting ledge, there came the mocking laugh of the man. He could have easily dropped a boulder down, and she

could have as easily shot, for he was fully exposed, except that he wore a handkerchief mask.

Elva could not recognize the man, but she said, "If you know what you are doing you will return that horse and the mail before you are reported. What made you do it anyhow,

there is nothing of any value in the sacks?"She was still willing to compromise if the man would be fair, for, as she had

said, "What is the good in this life if it is not the satisfaction wie get out of it in trying to be of some service in helping others?"At the man's side hung a heavy weapon, and dropping his hand to it, said, "If you know the shortest way home, you'd better be taking it!"

This came like a threat to the girl, and it stung her sense of fairness. All the wild determination in her nature arose

to compel him to return the property he had taken. She did

not think of danger, she thought of duty and justice only, and she said, "You'd better turn that stuff back to me, for you know what will happen if you are caught, and I will never leave your trail!"

He looked at the girl with approval of her courage, but he said, "What do you suppose could happen to you now if I 502 IMPROVEMENT ERA

should take a notion?"half drawing the gun from its holster.

Elva answered without a moment's hesitation, "Nothing!

You would not hurt a would protect her just as you girl—you

are doing now!"

The man said something under his breath, and was gone.

Elva turned Raven into the wash again, "If I can't get up there I can some other place, and pick up his tracks; he needn't

think that I am that easily stopped!"

She began climbing out of the wash at the nearest place of ascent, but there was no trail, and the rocks offered an almost impassable barrier. She knew the mettle of her horse and urged

him to his best. "Come, Raven, hurry; we must not let him get

away!"and she touched the big fellow with her spurs. The

horse responded with a bound, and a ringing metallic jingle smote her ears.

"Oh, Raven!"she cried in alarm, "Have you kicked a

shoe?"and she leaned far over to see the black's feet. "Oh, dear,

you have, and a hind one at that!"

The horse was naturally tenderfooted, and without a shoe he would not travel over the rocks, so Elva turned again into the sand wash, and headed for CowCamps on the river, determined to get another horse.

She was ashamed and humiliated, and Raven would not hurry; she could offer little excuse for having lost the mail

and the horse. She really did not know what value there might

have been in the express, she thought it little, but she had been trusted for its safe arrival. The more she thought of the situation, the more she blamed herself for carelessness, and the

more determined it made her to recover the property.

The trail never seemed longer than it did now, and Raven could scarcely be gotten out of a walk—he hobbled and

stumbled over every little rock in the way. Worried and anxious Elva finally reached the river at the upper ford—a mile

lost this distance by following theabove CowCamps—she had

man.

The river was up, she could tell that by the loud booming of the water in the box canyon above the ford, and she wondered if she would be able to cross. Just as she came into

sight of the road where it drops over the bluff into the water, she saw a team and wagon disappear. "It must be fordable,"

she said, "for there are women and children in the wagon!"and

she naturally hastened to see that they made the crossing safely.

As she rode out upon the bank the team was just splashing into the main channel where the current was swiftest, and to her surprise she saw Barney, her trailhorse, tied to the

ON THE TRAIL TO COW CAMPS 503 hame of one of the horses of the team, but the mail sacks were gone. "Oh, that mean man has cut open the sacks, and turned

Barney loose, and he had come home—those people have

picked him up here at the ford."Then the man in the wagon

driving the team stood up to lash the horses for they were beginning to flounder, and she thought she recognized him by his hat and coat—a broadbrimmed dirty hat that lopped down

over his eyes and ears—but the mask was gone. "Oh, that's

he!"she cried excitedly to herself, "He beat me to the ford

he thought I would take the other one!"and she started in

pursuit, to take her horse and demand the mail.

Before she could reach the water she stopped in horror the horses were hopelessly in the current, and were trying to turn back; the wagon box, a tight and new one, floated off

the standards, and down the stream like a boat. The women

and children screamed in terror, for the box would surely turn over and their fate was inevitable. Down the stream, not more

than a hundred yards, an old tree had lodged, and the box was floating swiftly for it. The man tried to stear past with

his hands; for, if the box should hit the log, the people would

be drowned. But he could not turn aside, and they struck

the tree with a thud that almost spilled every one. The woman

fortunately caught hold of a limb and held fast; the box swung

around against the log, threatening every moment to capsize.

Rescue seemed hopeless, and the people would be drowned before Elva could ride to the Camps for help.

"I must try to do something!"she said, spurring Raven

towards the ford. The man was now signalling to her, but she

could not make out what it was he said.

In the meantime the team had turned around and was coming out, the lines trailing out behind floated upon the water. This gave Elva an idea, and tying the horses to a tree,

she took down the lines, fastening them in a long string. To

the end of these she tied her lariat, and rode out into the water. She threw the lines out into the current, as far as she

was able, but the end floating down fell short of the people.

Again she coiled up the rope in feverish haste, and rode farther into the surging water. There was a deafening swish

and roar about her, and the water crept up to her waist. Could

she trust Raven to take another step and hold his feet? She

did, but it was too much, and horse and rider plunged headlong down the boiling river; she, too, would be drowned.

She had but just a moment to think, and as they glided past the man in the box, she gave the rope a toss, and cried, "Catch it; tie it fast!"

504 IMPROVEMENT ERA The rope from the saddle horn to the wagon box tightened with a jerk, and Raven was dragged completely under the water.

Elva slid from the saddle into the rushing water foaming at her waist—her weight off would let him up—she worked her way

back and caught the black's tail, while the force of the current against the tight rope began to swing them in towards the bank. At length the horse touched bottom and walked out,

weak and exhausted with his struggle.

Elva then led him up the bank again to where the rope would pull the wagon box free of the tree. "Come, Raven;

steady, boy; give a little pull!"and the rope tightened, the box

came clear of its anchorage, and swung, none to safely, in to the bank.

Elva looked anxiously into the wagon box, and there, sure enough lay the four sacks of mail and express unopened, together with piles of bedding and clothing. She saw at a glance,

however, that there was a shortage of provisions, and the woman and the children were thin and pale. There was also a girl

about Elva's own age, faint and weak, and she was moved to compassion, and she thought of the shame she herself would feel if she should know of her father doing a wrong even when food became a necessity. She looked at the man, his head

hung in shame; but the woman showed no knowledge of the

theft.

Elva was the first to speak, "I am glad I got here in time to help you folks out; didn't you know that the ford is deep?"

The woman, through tears of joy showed her gratitude.

"Oh, dear, you did come just in time, but I thought you too would surely be drowned. We are strangers here, just going

through the country."

Elva seized the opportunity, "Oh, I see that you have found my horse and mail; I am so glad, I thought they would be lost.

I left him standing and when I came back he—he—was gone

old rascal, he never would stand without being tied."She—the

looked at the man, a cloud seemed to lift from his face, and she added, directing her words straight to him, "You folks must come with me to the Camps and stop a while, for the children look all worn out, and papa has lots of work to be done."

The man looked the relief he felt, and he understood that

Elva meant to put him under probation, and he said, "Certainly;

I am only too glad to return your horse and things; and I need

the work, for we have nothing to eat!"

Elva looked at the girl who smiled faintly back, and resolved, "She shall never know; the man is punished enough!"

Sawtelle, Calif.

Obedience to a Simple Commandment

By Professor George Gardner, Brigham Young College

One of the great lessons that has come to us from the children of Israel is the lesson of obedience. But few of us appreciate the importance of this simple yet eternal lesson.

When Naaman, a great and honorable captain, came to

Elisha to be healed of his leprosy, he had, no doubt, expected to hear some great and pretentious commandment.

When Elisha sent a messenger saying, "Go and wash in the Jordan seven times, and thy flesh shall come again to thee, and thou shalt be clean,"Naaman was angry and went away.

For he did not realize that a great blessing could come from obeying so simple a commandment. When Naaman's servant

came near he said to Naaman, "If the prophet had bid thee do some great thing, wouldst thou not have done it? How much

rather then, when he saith to thee, Wash, and be clean?"

Naaman consented. He washed in the Jordan and was

healed. His obedience was a benefit to himself more than to

the Prophet. Many of us are very slow to learn this lesson. We

still imagine that we are obeying God's laws to please God. We

think we are obeying the calls of those over us for the benefit of the Church. And we often overlook the great benefits that

come to us individually.

One of God's commandments to all is to seek first the kingdom of God. His promise is that if we do this all other things

will be added. This is literally true, not only with individuals

but with nations also.

"This religion which we talk about for an hour a week on

Sunday, is not only the vital force which protects our community, but it is the vital force which makes our communities. The power of our spiritual force has not yet been

tapped."China is one of the richest nations of the world. In its

vast forests, in its fertile plains, its deposits of copper, iron and coal, are untold millions in wealth. Yet last year the Chinese

starved by the millions.

People who have lived in Mexico, say that it is a land of paradise, one of the places of the world where it is most easy to make a living. Yet the condition of their poverty cannot be

described. Women often sit all day long at the great granaries,

506 IMPROVEMENT ERA where the cobs are piled high, and the women pick over wagon loads of the cobs to get a hand full of corn; or they

follow a camp wagon for a day to pick up a few grains of corn that the more prosperous horse may spill from his feed. They

lack spiritual forces and, "The spiritual forces are the fundamentals of prosperity. And the success of the individual, the

success of the community and the success of the nations is due to religion."

"The need of the hour is not more legislation. The need of

the hour is more religion. More religion is needed everywhere,

from the halls of Congress at Washington, to the factories, the mines, the fields and the forests."

Most of the principles of Christ's religion are not difficult to obey. In fact many of them are quite as simple as dipping

in the river Jordan. And the reward for obedience to some of

these simple principles is greater than the reward that Naaman obtained. They may even prevent a moral leprosy; Naaman's

disease was only of the flesh.

We are told to pray. Brigham Young taught the pioneers

to pray and they were a praying people. He told them that

prayer kept a man from sin, and sin kept a man from prayer.

The present generation is drifting away from prayer. Mr.

Babson tells us that:

Much of the prosperity of the nation is due to the family prayers which were once daily held in the home of our fathers. To a very large

exient this custom has gone by. Whatever the arguments pro and con may

be, the fact nevertheless remains that such family prayers nurtured and developed the spiritual resources to which the prosperity of the nation is due. The custom of family prayers should be revived along with many

other good New England customs which some radicals may ridicule, but to which they owe all they possess.

A prominent man in our Church has said that no one could go very far wrong in a single day, and if one had the protection of a prayer night and morning he would not go very far wrong.

Again, praying is not more difficult than dipping in the river Jordan, and the rewards may be even greater.

Logan, Utah

Virtue brings its own reward, Sin its own sorrow, Souls are damned if life is marred,

By "mighthave-beens,"tomorrow.

Enoch Jorgensen, B. S.

Origin of the Maoris

By John Q. Adams, President of the Samoan Mission

A very interesting bit of narrative was given me by Brother

James Southern of this mission, who, himself, remembers it distinctly from reading it in a current magazine, the Australian Review of Reviews, a decade since. At the time, for some strange

reason, it impressed him deeply, and since joining our Church, some seven years ago, its real significance becomes more apparent as an additional light upon Book of Mormon truths.

Here is the narrative as Brother Southon relates it:

A certain Captain Barclay, of H. M. S. Orpheus, cruising in

New Zealand waters, was at one time the guest of Sir George

Grey, the governor of New Zealand. In conversation, the topic

discussed turned to the origin of the Maoris. The governor informed the captain that on the island of Motutapu (forbidden

or sacred island), there were at that time two stone gods which were looked upon by the Maoris as so sacred as to be viewed by no one except attending priests, upon pain of death. The

governor himself had been permitted this privilege, however, through some favor extended the natives in days gone by. The

result of the conversation was that Captain Barclay became sufficiently interested to desire a glimpse also of such relics.

Through intercession of the governor, the captain obtained permission to visit the island. He was greatly struck with the

enormous size of the two images, upon coining to examine them.

Both were some fifteen feet in height, and of an estimated weight of more than a ton each. Upon inquiry as to the source

of the origin of the images, the Maoris informed him that they had been brought from an island called Hawaiki, which place they were accustomed to visit in former days. On one occasion, an attempted usual visit resulted in failure through their

inability to locate the island, and they returned from their fruitless quest to New Zealand, firmly convinced that it had sunk into the depths of the sea.

As regarding the stone from which the images had been sculptured, no similar material of like formation existed in New

Zealand. This gave Captain Barclay the idea that, providing

he could trace the source of the origin of the gods, he would simultaneously be able to connect the origin of the Maoris with their present abode.

508 IMPROVEMENT ERA Some two years after this event, the captain was cruising in his vessel in the vicinity of Easter Island, some four thousand settingmiles from New Zealand, engaged in survey work. Upon

foot ashore he was astonished to see several gods very similar to those encountered in New Zealand. Some were in a

perfect state of preservation, while others were partially demolished, some being in the sea where they could be seen at low tide. Here again the search was instituted for the quarry

from which the images could have been taken, but all to no purpose.

Puzzled but still persistent, the captain later on heard of such a quarry having been discovered in South America on the banks of the Orinoco River, in Peru. Having occasion to pass

that way, on one of his cruises, he made it a point to call, and found the identical sort of god in material shape, size, and in every particular that he had originally observed in the New

Zealand images! Although these three strangely encountered

places where he had providentially stumbled upon his clue, were thousands of miles apart, and in isolated sections of the earth, yet they became at once well connected links in a chain of perfect evidence as to these sacred images originating in

South America.

In the face of such a remarkable and incontrovertible fact as this, that in some olden generation the Polynesian island groups could have been peopled by inhabitants from the American continent far to the eastward as easily as that such massive handiwork of theirs could thus be transported across an ocean, how can skepticism of the most pronounced character, scoff at such unimpeachable testimony? Bit by bit conclusive evidence

of the divinity of the Book of Mormon, with its history of the ancient Israelitish inhabitants of the Western Hemisphere, is accumulating as the years pass, and in the hope that this very interesting and thoroughly authentic discovery of the captain may assume the full value of external proof, these facts are submitted for publication.

Apia, Samoa

Optimism

There is a bright side every time,

Sit up and stop repining.

Though clothes are old and jobs are few

And living keeps on climbing.

Hold up your head, be bright and glad, "Wby fume and fret and waste your breath?

Why should you trouble borrow,

When things may change tomorrow?

Dorothy C. Retsloff

Life is What We Make It

By Thomas L. Martin, Ph. D., Dept. of Agriculture, BHgham Young t

University

I.—What Are We Worth?

What am I worth? is the question that very often comes to

my mind. In terms of dollars and cents, this question is easily

answered. Man is made up of a number of chemical elements.

Three of these elements, nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium, are unusually valuable to the agriculturist. They add fertility

to the soil, and each one performs a definite function in the production of plants. They have a commercial value whereever commercial fertilizers are used. According to this value,

there is enough nitrogen, phosphorus, and potassium in an average sized man, to make him worth at least seven dollars and twentyfive cents.

Man is, then, worth something. However, he can take these

chemical elements out of which he is composed and so organize them as to make himself so valuable that his worth cannot be measured in terms of money. Caruso, the great tenor,

so adjusted his vocal organism that he was able to produce the kind of singing characteristic of the heavens. How easily he

could have drifted along the line of least resistance, when a young man, with a worth little more than seven dollars and twentyone cents, as so many of us do! He had talent which

he exercised and developed. The joy he has brought to the

hearts of thousands of his hearers is a wonderful tribute to the man.

President Heber J. Grant, in his stimulating talks to young

people, very often tells of the efforts he had to put forth to become a good baseball pitcher and a successful penman. His

talks are specific examples of the fact that within the man himself lies the power to say just what he will be worth. With

that determination, that desire to take the stuff out of which we are composed, and by the help of the Spirit of the Lord which is promised to all men who will seek him and abide his laws, President Grant has increased his worth so much that he has attained unusual prominence both in and out of the

Church. He is a splendid example of a successful life.

is a stimThe review of the lives of these successful men ulation to me. What am I worth? brings forth the other

has grown so is the other man worth—whothought—What

510 IMPROVEMENT ERA

much into the hearts of the people that they feel almost dependent upon him? What is it that has brought him so much

success? I find that he has lived a life of effort; he has looked

for chances to do good; he has clenched his fists and reit. He hassolved within himself that life is what we make

been stimulated by the testimonies of his elders that a successful life is one that adjusts itself to a life of service. He has

grasped every opportunity that has come his way to better himself and his fellows. He has been found in the vanguard of

every righteous endeavor. How can such a man help but be a

leader of men?

Life is what we make it. If this idea can but crystallize

within our minds, it will act as a spur to further endeavor, and establish a connection with that divine Spirit that is ever at our service, if we will but prepare ourselves for its reception.

Just what we are worth is up to us. May this realization

electrify our innate powers and force a vigorous surging of the red blood within us, then our worth will soar to dizzy heights and make it possible for us to bring service to a struggling world.

Provo, Utah Culture Brings the Best

Cultural education enables one to appreciate and select the best. In his dress the cultured man chooses the comely and

comfortable; for food he selects the nourishing and healthbuilding; for reading he elects the educational and edifying;

for outings he attends the best of opera and drama; and consequently encourages the production of the excellent by patronizing it. The rhapsody, the vulgar opera, and the coquettish

dress would long wait a purchaser if all buyers were truly cultured. The sellers of such farcial trash would be forced to seek

pursuits, morally more ameliorative.

Likewise, culture would eliminate the quailing politician and the superficial quack. People would not tolerate the officeseeker with plastic policies if they realized the importance of

having competent publicleaders nor would they patronize the charlatan if they knew the welltrained physician. Culture stimulates the better by creating a "better"demand.

Worldwide culure will bring worldwide peace. Through

mutual understanding peoples sympathize with one another.

Culture, by a slow conquest of the hearts of men, will drive racial hatred from the earth and give universalaltruism the scepter of power. We talk of peace and peaceconferences, and

peace will come when men are educated to understand one another. A. G. Hubbard

No Life Without the Sacrament

By Joseph S. Peery

In John 6:53, the Savior's startling words are recorded:

"Except ye eat the flesh of the Son of man, and drink his blood, ye have no life in you."Then follows the blessing coming from

partaking of the sacrament: "Whoso eateth my flesh, and

drinketh my blood, hath eternal life; and I will raise him up

at the last day."

In partaking of the Sacrament, the Savior further promises that his Spirit will be with us. More precious than any earthly

possession, is the Spirit of the Lord. If we remain away from

Sacrament meetings, our spiritual life dries up and we become dead timber. Our children do what we do. They follow us.

Then how important that we take our children to Sacrament services, where they also can enjoy the spiritual life.

A brother said to some callers at his home, "Will you attend Sacrament meeting with us?"They consented. A sterling

gift he presented them, in the Spirit of the Master which followed. We best serve God by serving his children. We best

serve his children by leading them into eternal life.

The Savior has purchased us with his blood. He redeems us from the grave. The least we can do is to think of

for ourhis wonderful service for us—impossible to perform

selves. It is imperative that we remember him. In remembering him at the Sacrament table we grow in grace, in strength to

resist evil, in power to do good. At the Sacrament the Savior

blesses us with his Spirit, and, in possessing this Spirit, we have joy the world knows not of, joy that makes us a blessing to ourselves and to all whom we meet. We become constructive doers, eternal builders. With his Spirit, nothing can stay

our progress.

With the wonderful promise for attendance at Sacrament meetings, who can afford to stay away?

One mother went to Sacrament meetings and took her children with her. Now, in her old age, she has the satisfaction of

seeing all her children active workers in the Church.

Another good mother went alone to Sacrament meetings, without her children. Thereby she received spiritual life, which

she withheld from her children. Now she has the sorrow of seeing all her children going in the ways of the world.

"Train up a child in the way he should go: and when he

is old, he will not depart from it"(Proverbs 22:6).

Lest We Forget

By Dr. Seymour B. Young, of the First Council of Seventy

VII.—Bear Lake Expedition

On the return of the volunteers from the North Platte to

Fort Bridger, July 2, 1862, preparations were made for a general inspection of the lines of mail and telegraph stations, with a view of placing them in perfect condition preparatory to our return home, August 1, 1862, as the term of our enlistment expired on that day.

However, on the night of the 3rd of July, five soldiers belonging to the U. S. Cavalry company, stationed at North Platte,

took it into their heads to desert; and, with horses, saddles,

blankets and side arms, they succeeded in leaving the camp in the dark hours of the night without being discovered. On the

following morning it was found that their tracks pointed in a westerly direction. Colonel Collins immediately telegraphed

Sergeant McNeil, at Fort Bridger, informing him of the desertion, with a request that he watch for and apprehend these deserters. When the message reached the Fort, the Sergeant

was soundly sleeping, from the effects of too much Fourth of

July; but in the afternoon he was aroused, the message submitted to him, and he at once applied to Captain Smith for a

platoon of men to accompany him and Lieut. John Quincy

Knowlton, with a party of nine others of the command; these

were soon in readiness to take up the march numbering eleven men, including the U. S. Sergeant. Before leaving camp, however, Captain Smith gave the following instruction to Lieut.

Knowlton, that while he was making all necessary efforts to trail and capture the deserting troopers from Colonel Collin's command, he seek to discover the location of Chief Washakie, who was supposed to be camped somewhere on the southeast shore of Bear Lake, and instructions were given to have a friendly talk with this chief of the Shoshones, and induce him, if possible, to call home his young Indian warriors and prevent their further participation, with other hostile Indians, in making raids upon the emigrant trains and destroying the government mail stations and telegraph lines, and by his influence, for the future, prevent the destruction of these lines of communication across the continent, and counsel his young men to cease their

LEST WE FORGET 513

war upon the white people generally. Leaving camp about

sundown, July 4, 1862, we took our line of march in a northwesterly direction, and about ten in the evening made our camp for the night at Yellow Creek.

On the following morning, we resumed our journey, following Yellow Creek to where it joins the Bear river. Further

on we arrived at Smith's Fork of the river, and crossed this tributary on a toll bridge, after riding through the overflow of the stream for several hundred yards until we reached the eastern terminus of the bridge. After paying the mountaineer

fifty cents for each man and horse, we were allowed to cross.

Sergeant McNeil declined to go farther with the party as he had learned from Lieut. Knowlton that we intended to make the

circuit of Bear Lake Valley, and that meant the swimming of

Bear river several times, and he claimed that he could not swim; consequently, requested that he be left at the bridge at

the mountaineer's home. When we returned from the expedition from Bear Lake Valley, he would gladly join us and accompany us back to Fort Bridger. Lieut. Knowlton readily

granted his request, and the following morning we proceeded on a westward course along the Bear river; reaching Thomas

Fork, another tributary of the Bear, we halted and made preparation for swimming this swollen mountain stream; here we

gave some assistance to a company of emigrants, on their way to the Snake river country and Oregon, in their efforts to establish a line across the river to pull their luggage and wagons over by the aid of a wagon box for a ferry boat. The volunteers then proceeded to swim with their horses across the

stream, and on the west bank unsaddled, turned their horses out to graze, while the men dried their clothing in the sun and prepared to eat a dinner of hard bread and a cup of cold water.

A lone Indian suddenly appeared sitting on his ponv at the top of the bluff near our encampment. Lieut. Knowlton

made signs to him to come down to us. He responded, and

when he arrived in camp we found he had been out on a hunt for game, and that he had succeeded in killing an antelope, which he had lashed behind his saddle.

Our interpreter made a proposition that he furnish the meat for our dinner, and we would furnish the bread, and he to eat with us. Accordingly he took the carcass from his saddle

and delivered it to our cook who proceeded to cut and slice from the hind quarters and the loin of the antelope enough choice meat to make a dinner for eleven hungry men, the Indian included.

Dinner over, we returned the balance of the antelope to the 514 IMPROVEMENT ERA Indian, paddled our own horses, mounted, and resumed our journey, advising the Indian to pilot us to his encampment.

This he refused to do, however, but a little persuasion with the it would beexhibition of a loaded revolver convinced him that very necessary for the white man to have his way. Accordingly,

we followed him on the trail which he pointed out to us and resumed our march till we came within the vicinity of the

Indian Camp near the present location of the town of Montpelier. Of course, this was a barren plain then, with no sign

of a white man's habitation visible in all the vast expanse of

Bear Lake Valley.

Approaching the Indian camp we saw a band of warriors mounted, swiftly riding what is known to plainsmen as "the war circle."As they rode this circle, we could hear their whoops

and yells of defiance. We immediatelv ordered our Indian

prisoner to ride at the forefront of our little troop, and shout to his red brothers that the white man intended peace not war.

As soon as we came within hearing distance, and seeing one of their red brothers in our lead making signs of peace, they immediately ceased their war circle, and several of the principal men came riding towards us with a message that we would be permitted to enter their camp, an invitation which we accepted.

alWe were conducted to the Council wigwam. As night had

ready set in, to show our fearlessness, and to make believe our perfect confidence in the Indians, we immediately removed saddles, bridles and ropes from our wearv mounts and left them free to graze and mingle with the Indian ponies belonging to the village Then after a hasty bite of supper from our mule packs, we spread our blankets in the open and lay down for a few hours of much needed rest, but it must not be supposed that anv of our party sleot very soundly, for they realized that the redmen outnumbered our partv ten to one, and under the blankets during the night our hands were in close contact with our firearms.

At break of day we arose and adjusted our clothing, ate hastilv a small ration of hard bread, sent two of the party out among the bands of Indian horses to separate and bring in our own. In this they were entirely successful, and we soon

fixed our bedding and baggage on our pack mules, saddled our horses and stood ready for the command to mount and away;

and yet we waited for some kind of communication from the war chief or leading men, as no word had been spoken to us by the Indians since we entered their camp at sunset the evenine before.

The silence of the Indians seemed to us somewhat ominous,

LEST WE FORGET 515

and we began to look around for some sign of life among them.

We soon discovered, however, that we were not the only ones awake and alert, for several Indians were observed closely watching our movements from behind rocks and willows on the outskirts of the camp. Lieut. Knowlton made a sign, beckoning

them to approach, and soon three or four young warriors with the medicine man of the village came. To these the officer gave

the information that we were on our way to see Washakie, and he offered two of their young men each a shirt, if they would accompanv us down to the river bringing with them a skin lodge. With this we wished them to construct a lodge boat to

ferry our packs across the Bear river. The mentiotf of the

name of Washakie, the Great Chief of all the Shoshone i seemed to change everything in our favor, and now we wer quickly supplied with the desired help for crossing the river.

Here the Indians showed themselves experts in guiding the lodge boat from the east to the west bank, laden with our packs and saddles. Steering for the west shore, we immediately

swam with our horses in the wake of the boat across to the opposite bank, making the crossing in safety without loss. Ve

paid the two Indians the stipulated price; namelv, two shirts,

thus filling our part of the contract, vet the Indians were not satisfied; they were no doubt hungry, for thev demanded bread.

The onlv ration we had left consisted of about ei<jht pounds of hard bread crumbs; we divided these with the Indians anrl

sent them away happy. Then we saddled our horses, packed

our mules and started on an old, blind Indian trail leading in a southerly direction, taking us through the Bear river bottom, now covered with from two to four feet of water, the overflow of the tributaries of Bear Lake.

On emerging from several miles of wading, we reached higher ground at a point not far from where the citv of Paris is now located; then we continued our march to the South on

the trail leading us through a very dense thicket of willows as high as the heads of our men, when mounted on their horses.

Suddenly we came to an opening in this dense willowcopse, of several hundred yards in extent, and found ourselves in the midst of a band of hostile Indians, another companv of Chief

Bear Hunter's band with whom we had camped the night before. Within this opening was the Indians'camp, about

twenty or thirty tepees, and near bv was a band of Indian ponies grazing. Among the Indian horses one of our partv

recognized a fine saddle horse belonging to Samuel W. Richards, of Salt Lake City. Knowing the high valuation in which

this animal was held by Brother Richards, and believing that 516 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the Indians had come by it dishonestly, Lieutenant Knowlton ordered Sergeant Spencer to rope the animal for the purpose of recovering it to the owner; then there was something doing!

A hunchedback Indian rushed to rescue the horse, placed his knife against the rope a little way from the neck of the animal and was about to sever the rope when he was thrown to the ground by Spencer, rolling over several times when he struck the earth, but not being seriously injured, however. He

regained his feet, and rushed upon Spencer with his knife ready to strike, Spencer grabbed the uplifted arm and gripped it with such force that the knife fell from the Indian's hand.

The Indian was then thrown again with more violence, and did not return to renew the fight, but skulked away into the wil"lows. Suddenly we saw the wikiups deserted, and we heard

the twang of bowstrings and the click of gun locks from hiding places and secure protection in the dense willows behind which the Indians skulked.

Lieut. Knowlton immediately gave orders for every man

to dismount and each seek a separate path for himself out of the ambush making way to open ground in a southerly direction.

In this we were successful, and thus escaped from the threatened attackwithout the loss or injury of any of our party.

Continuing our march to the south we came suddenly to a mountain stream known as Swan Creek, into which some of our boys rode, in an effort to make a crossing, but the current was so swift that the horses were carried off their feet and thrown helpless upon the shore from which they entered the stream.

We then discussed the propriety of going up or down the stream in search of more favorable crossing; places, when suddenly there appeared a lone Indian, approaching from the south,

who proved to be friendly. He was from Cache Valley, and

immediately piloted us on a trail leading over a steep mountain spur around the head of the rushing stream, and then pointing us to the trail leading to Washakie's camp left us to pursue our journey. About sunset we arrived at the camp of

the Snake chief, were made welcome by him, and after finishing our small ration of hard bread crumbs, we rolled in our blankets and had a good, peaceful, uninterrupted night's rest.

On the following morning, Washakie was informed of our attempt to recover the stolen horse and he promised us that he would send one of his men to the belligerent camp in the willows, near Swan Creek, have the horse brought to his camp, and, if possible, find the Indian who stole the horse and have him punished. We learned after our return from the expedition that Washakie had taken the thief and given him a very

LEST WE FORGET 517

severe whipping when he was brought into camp with the stolen horse. Remaining here the remainder of the day, Washakie

discovered that we were without provisions. He brought from

his wikiup about fifty pounds of flour. Laying it on the ground,

he said, as he drew his finger across the center of the sack, "This part is for you, and this part is for me and my papooses;"

thus dividing the flour with us equally with his own family.

We immediately set to work making and baking bread, and with plenty of fish, with which we were supplied by the

Indians, we partook of a square meal the like of which we had not had for two days past. The following morning, July 10, we

left the camp of our friend Washakie, taking, by his request, a near relative who appeared to be in the last stages of tuberculosis, to give him and his squaw safe escort to Fort Bridger, where he hoped to be benefited by treatment from the Post physician. Two young Indians accompanied us, bringing with

them a new skin lodge, with which to ferry the sick man, his squaw and our packs and camp outfit, across the Bear river. On

arriving at the crossing, we assisted the Indians in constructing a lodge boat on which the invalid and the luggage of our camp was safely carried over the river. The troopers swam the river

with their horses. This crossing was made without accident or

loss and immediately our march was taken up for headquarters, at Fort Bridger, where we arrived safely on the evening of the 13th of July, and the full account of the expedition was given, by Lieut. Knowlton, to Captain Lot Smith who had expressed some anxiety in the last three days for the welfare of the

expedition. When we left camp on the Fourth of July we only

carried rations for five days, and, of course, Captain Smith, being aware of this fact, looked for our return at the expiration, or very soon after, the five days had expired, but he made this remark to comrades in the camp who inquired about our extended absence, that, surely some one or two of the party would get out alive and soon make a report of the results of the expedition.

Our party brought safely to Fort Bridger the poor sick man and his squaw who had been committed to our care by

Chief Washakie. Our report concerning our interview and

threatened collisions with the two hostile bands of Indians and final safe arrival at Washakie's camp, his warm friendship and acts of kindness expressed to the party with safe conduct of his relatives to Fort Bridger, was the final report of the expedition that left headquarters on the Fourth day of July, under Lieut.

Knowlton, for the purpose of capturing some deserters from

Col. Collin's command on the North Platte. The expedition so

518 IMPROVEMENT ERA

well planned and executed was a subject of congratulation from our Commander. Although we did not find any deserters, we

did find Washakie, the great Shoshone Chief, and on our return trip we picked up Sergeant McNeil, from the Bridge at Smith's

Fork and brought him safely back to Fort Bridger.

The visit to Washakie, and obtaining his counsel and friendship, was in strict accord with the advice given by President Brigham Young, when he spoke to the officers and volunteers in Emigration Canyon as they were leaving Salt Lake

City to engage in the service of the Civil War.

At Dawning

At the birds'first matin note,

Eager from my couch I spring, For the summer's early morn, Trysting time to me doth bring.

Forth, with ne'er delaying steps,

Haste I to the magic grove, Where the birds in rapture trill,

There to meet my dainty love.

With noiseless tread she soon appears,

Clad in cool and misty gray, On her brow a glowing star, Dartling forth a silvery ray.

In her arms are violets blue, her freshness, fragrance rare!

Sweetness in her deep, dark eyes,

Sweetness in her flowing hair!

On my brow a dainty kiss Falls as light as moonbeam's ray,

Then my Lady blushes red, Rosy glows the robe of gray.

Clasp I eagerly her form For a moment,—then she's gone;

But the day's more perfect made,

For I've seen my Lady Dawn.

La Verkin, Utah Linda S. Fletcher

A Mistake

By William, Henry Peterson

Thelma's birthday party was in full swing. Not a single

thing had occurred to mar the event. The sky, which had been

rather threatening the day before, was clear and beautiful.

Through the balmy, invigorating air of an early summer evening the great, round moon laughed down upon the merrymakers. Girls they were, and they were celebrating Thelma's

thirteenth birthday.

Suddenly the fun was interrupted by Thelma exclaiming that she had lost a pocket mirror, one that had been given to her by her mother at Christmas time. A hurried search was

made, but no mirror was to be found.

"What kind of a mirror was it?"asked Gladys Whitney.

Thelma called the eager searchers to her while she described the lost article. "It's about this big,"she said, holding up her

hands, and curving her thumb and second finger into a circular position. The back is silver, and on it is the figure of a swan."

Another vigorous and lengthy search failed to produce the desired article. Where could it be? Thelma was sure she had

lost it on the lawn. The young guests, finding the treasured

gift could not be located, began to suspect that a theft had been committed. Could one of the girls have taken it? Someone

proposed that all present should be searched. Thelma objected. She was indignant. She had implicit faith in the

friendship and honesty of her friends.

Some of the girls, however, felt that a shadow of guilt was resting on every one present, and they refused to stop dis"cussing the matter until the young hostess agreed to the idea to having each girl searched. So minutely had every nook,

and crevice been searched and researched that most of the girls were of the opinion that there was only one way the mirror could so completely disappear. One of the girls must have

taken it.

When a vote was taken to find out if the girls would willingly submit to being searched, all but one girl voted yes.

That girl was Gladys Whitney. Immediately all eyes were turned

upon her, and suspicious thoughts entered the minds of her playmates They drew back from her as if they had suddenly discovered that she was afflicted with some dread disease. If

520 IMPROVEMENT ERA she weren't guilty of taking the article in question, why should she refuse to be examined? Thus the girls reasoned as they

whispered together in groups.

best friend, "No matter what others may think, you are my and I love you in spite of this whole, horrid business,"said

Thelma, endeavoring to console her weeping companion.

Gladys could not answer her friend's words of affection.

Tears stood in her eyes, and her lips trembled. Her sensitive

soul was hurt, and she could do nothing but sob.

"She's sorry for what she has done,"whispered one of the girls. "I hope she has learned a lesson."

"Why, what's the matter?"exclaimed Mrs. Reid, coming

from the house."I trust nothing has happened to spoil our

party. "Oh, mother!"exclaimed Thelma, "I—we—Gladys—my

pocket mirror is lost."

"Lost!"well, if that is all, I can soon dry up your tears.

I saw your mirror on the dresser as I came through the house."

"On the dresser! In the house!"exclaimed Thelma.

"That's what I said,"answered her mother. Why do you

stare so? Is there anything odd or mysterious about a mirror

being in the house on the dresser?"

"Oh, Gladys!"continued the excited girl, I felt all the

time that you hadn't taken it."

"Dfidn't take it!"cried the girls in unison.

"Girls,"said rs. Reid, "what is all this about?"

"It is this way, mother,"explained Thelma. "I thought

I had lost my pocket mirror. We hunted everywhere, but

could not find it. Someone proposed that each of the girls be

I can't saysearched. Gladys refused, and so they thought—oh,

it! It's too awful!"

"I didn't want to be searched,"said Gladys between sobs, "because I have a mirror like Thelma's. Mama bought it for

me last week. I was afraid that when the girls would find it

in my pocket they would think it belonged to Thelma, and accuse me of taking it. See, here is mine, and like Thelma's, it

has the figure of a swan on the back."

"That explains the whole situation,"said Mrs. Reid. I am

surprised that you so quickly mistrusted one another. After

this Thelma must take better care of her belongings, and I hope you girls will be more considerate of one another's feelings.

You see by this unfortunate incident that, through a slight misunderstanding, injustice has been done to one of your number.

But come, the lunch is ready. I know you are all anxious to

sample Thelma's birthday cake."

Manti, Utah Historical Society and Finds

By Hyrum Kay

Pursuant to a well advertised call to organize an historical society of Pocatello, Idaho, having for its object the preserving of historical data and relics that not only cover the white man's conquest of the great northwest, but also includes undisputable evidence of prehistoric colonization of this locality, had its fruition in a full organization that met at the Public Library parlors, Wednesday evening, February 1, 1922. A representative

body of sixteen interested citizens responded to the call. Presdent C. R. Frazer, of the Idaho Technical Institute, called the

assembly to order and stated the object of the meeting. J. S.

Richards acted as chairman. Norman B. Atkinson acted as

clerk. After a free and informal discussion, Dr. Minnie Howard

was elected temporary president of the historical society, and

J. S. Richards, temporary secretary. A special committee, consisting of Mrs. Joseph H. Petersen, Miss Edith Gant, and Nicholas Ifft, was appointed to act with the temporary president and

secretary in drawing up a constitution for the society. The

constitution was to be submitted to the club the first week in

March.

Dr. Minnie Howard by request addressed the assembly

at length, and made mention of the archaeological loss the community sustained when the prehistorical ideographs upon the lava boulder pile, that once stood on the west bank of the Portneuf river, between Benton and Holliday streets, were long since used for building material. Fragments of these chips

of ideographs she had preserved, which, at the proper time, would be donated to the historic museum of the society. A set

of old almanacs was found, one being of the historical year of 1834, when the first white man's abode west of the Rocky mountains was erected near here on the banks of the Snake river, bv Nathaniel Weyeth, and named Fort Hall, in honor of Mr.

Hall of Boston, who outfitted Weyeth and other western trappers with a stock of merchandise for Hudson Bay. The sale

contract fell through, and Weyeth built a stockade to protect himself and his men. Thus this place became ever after a

place of refuge for overland travelers on the Oregon trail. Here

the first American flag was raised, and the first Christian sermon was given, and the first Christian burial, in August, 1834. A

522 IMPROVEMENT ERA

vegetable garden added its joy to the trailweary travelers; and

the walls of the stockade, and later those of the fort and its garrison, made this place a well worth Mecca.

Dr. Howard also mentioned the finding of a bronze threeinch medallion between Pocatello and Blackfoot of the year

1684, issued for Jamestown, but probably made in England.

(The find was made in September, 1907, and a description appeared in the Deseret News, daily, September 18, 1907.) The

medallion was cast in a mould on one side, and engraved on the other, was pierced with a hole, and worn as a necklace by the red men. The inscription read: "England land scarce. Labor

paid by the acre. Jamestown, corn, produce, tobac. America

land plenty, labor scarce. Labor rescued by the man."This

medallion is now possessed by Dr. William Cureton, now in

California, but formerly of this city.

Another find some twentyfive years ago by Albert W.

Jones, deceased, at his residence, 344 South Main Street, was a Roman coin of the mintage of Emperor Comodus, 161192 A.

D., who came to the throne 180 A D. He found it about two

feet below the surface while digging the foundation for his home. This coin is now possessed by Edward Stein, of Boise,

at one time mayor of Pocatello. All of the above information

leads to the belief that this place has been a traveled highway for hundreds if not thousands of years. The lava palisades of

the Portneuf abound in Indian ideographs, and there are some that appear, too, as if done by a different race, all of which increases interest for western history.

Pocatello, Idaho

Expressions

Feel what you say and say it with feeling,

Heart touches heart in mysterious ways;

More than the words are the voice tones revealing,

Whether in censure, or whether in praise.

Even a child in its artless affection

Tells the heart's wishes with inflected tone:

Feel whafl you say, tune the voice with inflection,

Words express little when uttered alone.

Voice of the heart in the words you are using

Brings its appeal and in confidence wins:

Would you succeed use no language confusing;

Hearts are responsive as feeling begins.

Deep in the soul is a cloister concealing

Something responsive to tuneful address!

Feel what you say and then say it with feeling,

Heart tones convey more than words can express!

Joseph Longking Townsend.

The Sweetest Philosophy on Earth

From a Father to his Student Son. (Written in December, 1918)

My dear, dear son:—The clouds are low, the smoke hangs

heavy over the city, the scene, as one views it from his window seems dreary and dark, quite symbolic of the soul during these days of misery and pain and suffering; occasioned largely by

the results of the war, and the awful epidemic, probably a better word would be pestilence, which has been with us now for many, many days.

No doubt, ere this letter reaches you, you will have been advised of the sudden taking away of Delia; and no doubt, too, on

account of her closeness to you, and your admiration for her, you again will be shaken almost to the very foundation; but such

is life; and we who live must adjust ourselves to stand the great

strain which seems, at times, will crush us to the earth.

I have come humbly to the conclusion that about the only real pleasure one gets in life, is in the contemplation of living hereafter. One by one our attractions are pulled away from us

and go to the unknown; until finally, we feel alone and lonely,

and we commence to contemplate death as an attractive ex<- perience we anxiously await. When such a mood predominates,

one must reason, more or less, on the whys of life. My reason

has led me to the unchangeable opinion that the Christ, the great Master, left on earth the only true and sweet philosophy for mankind to follow to obtain happiness on this earth, as well as the best preparation for the life beyond. The greatest,

sweetest philosophy on earth today, he expressed in three words, "Love one another."The application of this philosophy is the

one surcease of sorrow. It is the only panacea for a broken

heart. It is the only thing I know of which can raise a human

being out of the dust and make him truly feel that beyond the deep clouds the sun still shines; that there is really and truly

something to live for.

I can conceive of no profession which better affords a man an opportunity to live that philosophy than the one you are following. [The study and practice of medicine] The following story brought this to my mind so forcibly by contrast that

I must tell it to you. An eminent doctor in our vicinity was

asked into consultation with another doctor who had not yet subscribed to the rules and regulations of a few doctors in this city; he refused to consult with this doctor. He also refused

524 IMPROVEMENT ERA the patient, who was then almost at the point of death with influenza, admittance into his hospital; simply because the one

doctor had not seen fit to confine his prices and his ethics to the prices and ethics of a few who, through their profession had gained a competence, which, in their judgment, allowed them to be independent dictators. I knew these doctors, not

many years aco, when they were building up a reputation among the people. Then they were men of hearts, who would call upon

the poor and help them as quickly as they would upon the rich;

and who, then, would render service without asking how much monev a poor soul had. How different now!

How rich in spirit they could be by rendering service to the poor, as I am glad to say some do, how happy they could be bv the knowledge that they had "Done unto others as they would like to be done by."How blessed could they be, if they

did not figure everything from its monetary value.

P. how I hope that I am not rearing and educating a son

who will turn aside the poor and distressed for the consideration of a dollar. What room is there in the hearts of the people,

what room is there in heaven, for the Shylocks who would have their oound of flesh?

Probably, besides the conditions above referred to, the spirit of this letter is controlled largely by the occasion of the spaon which will soon be here, and which is expressed by the

Master who ce birth we commemorate on Christmas, in these beautiful words: "Peace on earth, good will towards men."

Pleae. son, in vour preparation for life, do not overlook the

nderlvinjr principles of a successful man. Be honest, be humble, be humane. Give preference to the unfortunate. In your

conclusions don't forget to let mercy season justice; then your

success will be assured; your worth to the world depends upon it.

Keep close to you at your desk and in your library the teachings of the Master. Read them as you read your medical

books. Coat your doings with their spirit as you coat your

pills with sugar.

I want you to record this in your memory some place, and think about it even after daddy has left you; that the time has

come when no man can be truly great unless he is truly good.

I hope you are so living that when Christmas morning comes, you will awaken in the spirit of humility and meekness, remembering truly the cause of Christmas day. Utter no

harsh or vindictive words; cultivate a smile that bespeaks contentment and love for your fellow men. That spirit will bring

you more contentment than all the gold on earth. "With that

priceless treasure you can purchase the heart's desire. You

SWEETEST PHILOSOPHY ON EARTH 525

will recall, as a matter of history, how easy it was for Alexander the Great to master the world, and yet when he could not master himself, he was but a thing to he pitied.

Train yourself to be clean, industrious and honest, and you will succeed; ancl your success will be not only that which satisfies you, but will receive the commendation of the world.

Remember: "Heaven is not reached at a single bound;

But we build the ladder by which we rise,

From the lowly earth to the vaulted skies;

And we mount to its summit, round by round.''

I do not want you to feel that I am discouraged or saddened to the point of dispondency; on the contrary, life seems

sweeter. I admit, however, that the gulf between here and

hereafter does not seem so great as it used to, neither does it seem impending; and I assure you I do not contemplate it with

the horror and fear I formerly did. Later events seem to have

opened my vision and brought me in the spirit of humility up to the shores of the ocean of eternity, where just across I can see and hear the sweet voices of those who have gone before.

Lest this letter is too long and doleful, I must close; but

before I do, I want to extend to you the season's greetings. I

hope that you will be touched with the real spirit of Christmas, and that you will see life, in its fulness, as an opportunity to do good unto your fellowmen; and that you will bring yourself

truly to the point where you can extend love and assistance to all of God's children, and to the high standard of mankind where you will not judge a man by the clothes he wears.

Witfi deepest love and best wishes for your success in life,

I am, affectionately yours,

Father and Son

My eyes grow dim, i. y step is slow,

As life is fast departing;

I gaze upon my baby boy, Now grown to manhood starting.

My strength is spent, I cannot hold

Nor guide him day by day;

Yet still I rest secure in thought,

For I see a surer way:

God hold and keep those little hands;

I'll bless them while I can, For He will guide, inspire and lead

My son to be a man.

Mesa, Ariz. May W. Berry

n N Night Song

Words and Music by Ida H. White.

g * H H-g——J= -j *—* F-g*—*—I—rr

Come, while the moonbeams are danc - ing, Night winds

Soon the dawn breaks with its glad - ness, San beams

-i 1 1 1 1 1 -i -2 "'l*i.:j—

feirt nijfe i= B*r- -**—

Come, ere the day is ad vane. ing,

Let the day banish all sad - ness,

J\ N N N F-*t—g—w m F—- -SZ-7 p

Bit a tempo.

liv N—*—K—\- t L?Z2fe 2 *- S * 9—%*

Stars'golden light ev - er nigh, ever nigh. Then, while the

List to the bird's merry call, merry call, Soft the breezes c # m mi. r-m m-

F—St= ir?—-*—5—S =

| / 3 4 # -—tt 1—

star light is shin mg, Night of ]oy, whisper a greet ing, Whisper low, i

Broad and ff Come ere the thought of re - pin - ing Will an noy.

Come ere the sunlight is fleet - ing, Bright the glow.

ipppniiiiil Irrigation and Soil

By J. E. Greaves, Chemist and Bacteriologist Utah Experiment Station

I.—Effect of Irrigation Water on the Fertility of Soil

Water is supplied to the soil to meet the needs of the growing crop. But what influence has it upon the fertility? Does

it increase the soluble plant food within the soil, leaving it there for the use of the growing plant, or does it drain from the soil the nitrogen, potassium, or phosphorus, thus leaving the soil poorer in potential fertility? Is it increasing or decreasing the

activity of the farmer's nursable friends the bacteria? Does

it carry with it and deposit within the soil injurious alkali salts which, in time, will render the soil sterile, or does it increase the total quantity of plant food in the soil, thus making it more fertile?

The answer which we give to these questions will be governed by the nature of the soil, the composition of the irrigation water, and the knowledge of the individual applying it.

The application of irrigation water to a soil may change the chemical, physical, or biological nature of a soil so that the food available to the growing plant is materially increased or decreased. Although pure water is a universal solvent, yet

its action is materially increased when it becomes charged with carbon dioxide. Work has amply demonstrated that the main

factor which produces carbon dioxide—the bacteria

directly influenced by the quantity of water supplied to—is of the soil

a soil.

The quantity of carbon dioxide produced in twentyfour hours in a good arable soil supplied with the optimum amount of moisture is enormous. Some results indicate that this at

times may be as much as 67 pounds per acre to a depth of 16 inches produced daily. This comes in contact with the insoluble potassium and phosphorus of the soil, and renders it

available to the growing plant, as is seen from increased yield which is obtained. One investigator found that soil constantly

supplied with carbon dioxide through a pipe buried in the ground gave an increased yield of 12.2 per cent over crops

grown on adjoining untreated soil.

etc., All plants except the legumes—beans, peas, vetches,

get their nitrogen directly from the soil. This comes from the

plant residues in the soil, or from the applied fertilizer. All

soil and fertilizer nitrogen, except nitrates, must be rendered available for the growing plant by bacteria. They transform

the protein nitrogen into ammonia, but there are few plants 528 IMPROVEMENT ERA which can use this. Other groups of bacteria transform the ammonia into nitrates in which form it is available to the higher

plant. The speed with which these transformations occur is

governed by the quantity of water in the soil.

If we consider the quantity of water which a soil will hold when it is just saturated as 100, then the quantity of ammonia produced at the various moisture contents becomes as follows:

Per cent water Ammonia Per cent water Ammonia in soil Produced in soil Produced 10 2 60 100 20 8 70 78 30 32 80 57 40 68 90 \ 49 50 85 100 45

Hence, when we have soil with 60 per cent of its air space filled with water, and the other 40 per cent with air, we have a maximum transformation of the nitrogen of plant residues over into ammonia. When the water applied is below or above

this quantity, the transformation is not as rapid. It is interesting to note that excessive quantities of water are more detrimental than a small quantity.

But how about the speed with which the ammonia is transferred into available nitrates? Is this dependent upon the

water supply? This is answered by the result given below:

Per cent water Per cent NiPer-cent water Percent Niin soil trates formed in soil trates formed 10 11 50 85 20 17 60 100 30 31 70 40 40 62 80 9 90 none Here again the greatest activity occcurs when the soil has 60 per cent of its spare space filled with water but when it becomes much greater nitrification rapidly decreases and eventually ceases, and it is interesting to note that numerous experiments have demonstrated that this is the water content which produces

-maximum crops.

This is due to the fact that at this water content the nitrogen of the soil is being rapidly rendered available for the growing plant. Moreover, the resulting byproducts of bacteria, granish,

acids, are rapidly formed and these come into contact with the soil phosphorus and potassium, and render them available to the plant. Hence, we must ask ourselves the question: Are

we applying too little or too much water to our soil to maintain sixty per cent of the air space filled with water?

Logan, Utah Sources of Joy and Factors of Happiness

A Study for the Advanced Senior Class, M. I. A. 192122

By George H. Brimhall, President Emeritus, Brigham Young University

Lesson XXII.—Patriotism

defines because patriotism is a passion that Introduction.—Webster

patriotism as love of country; deimpels men to fight for their counvotion to the welfare of one's country or nation, and if it be true that

try; it relates to the virtues and acwar is the effect of patriotism,

tions of a patriot; the passion inthen patriotism becomes a source

spiring one to serve one's counof more sorrow than joy and of try. more misery than happiness. NaPatriotism, then, is love, and tionalism and patriotism are comlove is a source of joy and a facplements of each other, but war is

tor of happiness to the extent that no more a natural outgrowth of its object is good, true, or beautipatriotism than family feuds are ful. the natural outgrowth of families.

In its broadest sense patriotism is To say then that the obliteration love of and loyalty to the group of all national boundaries and inand its environments. We speak of terests is the only path to peace is

family patriotism. This sentiment akin to saying that the abolishment

holds close to the individual, the of family feuds is dependent uphome, and the family group. We on the extinction of families.

may speak of community patriotInternationalism does not mean ism as town, city, or state patriotthe lessening of national interest, ism. There is also a sentiment it means the pooling of national inknown as school patriotism. terests in such a way that its diviChurch patriotism is generally redends of joy and happiness shall

ferred to as Church loyalty or rebe larger than they could possibly ligious fidelity. be without a free agency cooperaIn its most specific sense patriottion that would eliminate the deism is love of country or national structive aspect of competition.

loyalty. The raising of the white flag of

Sometime ago there appeared in universal peace is not to be accomone of our leading dailies, on the panied by a lowering of the Stars editorial page, a statement to the and Stripes. Its folds will be all

effect "that as long as there are the more dear to us as a treasury nations there would be war."This, of our traditions, its colors will be

of course, in effect, meant that war all the more inspiring as emblems is a concomitant of patriotism, of our love of society, and its stars 530 IMPROVEMENT ERA

will be all the brighter as symbols Build for confidence a throne,

Build it of squaredealing stone. of our faith and hope. Build, ye builders, build.

Our love of mankind will not O, build, ye builders, build.

eclipse our love of country, it will make it more intense, just as love Build for union, build for freedom, of country intensifies family love, Build the common people's kingdom. Build for future, build for now,

just as parental love makes strongBuild to speed the pen and plow.

er connubial affection. The inBuild, ye builders, build.

tensity of patriotism is not diluted O, build, ye builders, build.

by the extension of its application.

Build for strength and build for beauty, Narrowmindedness of view and Build for order, law, and duty;

onesidedness of interest may hide Build for grownup girl and boy, behind patriotism and perpetuate Build for universal joy.

errors and even evil under the Build, ye builders, build.

guise of love of country, but true O, build, ye builders, build.

patriotism never runs so wide the Patriotism awakens hope, inmark of universal ethics as to say, spires courage, and sustains action."my country right or wrong,"beIt leads to selfforgetfulness and

cause it is always better for anyswallows up selfishness in the inthing to perish than to persist in terest of the group.

iniquity, for persistency in iniquity is simply a painful putting off of Patriotism in Literature.

doomsday. "A glorious death is his who for his

The joygiving patriotism is country falls."Homer.

maintained under the slogan, "My "And for our country 'tis a bliss to country when right, and when die."Pope.

wrong to be made right.""Happy the death of him who pays the

debt of nature for his country's sake."

Thrills are either exhilarating or—Cicero.

depressing; stimulating or ennerv- "Had I a dozen sons, each in my love

ating. Thrills of patriotism are of alike and none less dear than thine, and,

the positive type, they arouse hope, my good Marcius, I had rather eleven die they stimulate courage, they susnobly for their country than one tain action; hence the war cry, the voluptuously surfeit out of action."

Shakespeare.

bugle blast, the band music, and "I only reget that I have but one life the army songs. All these things to lose for my country."Nathan Hale.

which have been so effectively "There ought to be a system of manused in avalanches of destruction ners in every nation which a wellformed could be made impelling forces in mind would be disposed to relish. To

constructive conquests. make us love our country, our country

A battle cry of construction ought to be lovely."Burke.

might read something like the fol- "Millions for defense, but not one cent for tribute."—Charles C. Pinckney.

lowing: "Breathes there a man with soul so dead, to himself hath said, Build, Ye Builders, Build Who never

This is my own, my native land!

Build an aeroplane for progress, Whose heart hath ne'er within him

Build for peace a hearthstone fortress; burned,

SOURCES OF JOY AND FACTORS OF HAPPINESS 531

As home his footsteps he hath turned, "Mormonism"was launched byFrom wandering on a foreign strand?

a divine rejection of all churches.If such there breathe, go mark him well!

For him no minstrel raptures swell; The same God that disowned all

High though his titles, proud his name, ecclesiastical organizations on the

Boundless his wealth as wish cj:n claim. earth declared the constitution of

Despite those titles, power and pelf, the United States to be of inspiredThe wretch, concentered all in self,

Living, shall forfeit fair renown origin and himself the inspirer of

And, doubly dying, shall go down the founders of this government;

To the vile dust from whence he sprung, therefore, the Latterday Saint is

Unwept, unhonored, and unsung."Scott. committed to the doctrine that the

"He who loves not his country, can Church is the product of revelalove nothing."Byron.

tion, and the government the prod- "Far dearer the grove or the prison, uct of inspiration, both establishIllumined by one patriot name,

Than the trophies of all who have risen, ed by the Lord God of Israel. DocOn Liberty's ruins to fame."Moore. trine and Covenants, section 101:

"Let our object be our country, our 7780. Moreover, American liberty

whole country, and nothing but our is not only an inheritance fromcountry."Daniel Webster.

ancestral patriots to be loved, "We join ourselves to no party that itdoes not carry the flag and keep step to protected, and perpetuated, but the music of the Union."Rufus Choate. is a gift from God to be reverent-

"The mystic chords of memory, stretchially made a part of their lives ing from every battlefield and patriot and handed down to their posterity grove to every living heart and hearthas one of the gifts of eternity.stone, all over this broad land, will yet

swell the chorus of the Union, when Book of Mormon, II Nephi 10:10again touched, as surely they i ill be, by 12.

the better angels of our nature."Abrar The loyalty with which the

ham Lincoln. Church and its members have responded to the calls of our counPatriotism in Religion.—That try has given ample evidence of the

religious fervor and patriotism are affinity between Latterday Saint passions of close kinship is vividly faith and American patriotism.

depicted in the following lines The Savior of the world gave evifrom Macaulay: dence of patriotic interest. He

"And how can man die better than faccame to his own, he wept over ing fearful odds, Jerusalem, and the house of IsFor the ashes of his fathers and the temrael is repeatedly referred to by ples of his gods!"

the Lord as his chosen people.

The deluded Hindo pantheism God's interest is as wide as the is just about as comparable with universe, but that does not prevent the concentrated Christian faith as his having centers of special interis the lax patriotism of the Orientest. Jesus loved all women, but

al Indian comparable with the paat the last his solicitude centered triotism of the American. on his mother, when he most tendIt would seem that the saying, erly committed her to the care of

"As the religion, so the patriotJohn, the beloved.

ism,"is not wide of the truth. True religion provides for pa532 IMPROVEMENT ERA

triotism, and true patriotism prothe extinction of nationalism is necessary to the establishment of a worldwidetects religion.

peace.

Problems and Questions 6. Which is the higher form of peace,

the one where people will not go to war, 1. How many centuries has the family or where they can not go to war? Give

patriotism of Jacob's household influreasons for your answers.

enced the history of the world? 7. Count up the ways in which patriot-

2. What high official council establishism has contributed to your happiness.

ed by Jesus in the flesh, in Palestine, or- 8. What joys has a person with a counganized by him in this dispensation, is try that one without a country cannot

in a way a means of perpetuating the have?

family patriotism of the house of Jacob? 9. What to your mind is the choicest

3. Give proof that this recognition is literary gem given in this lesson?

to be carried over into eternity. I Nephi 10. Which is the most patriotic expres12:9-10; Mormon 3:1819. sion in our national hymn, and which in

4. Wherein is the national patriotism our national anthem?

of a Latterday Saint firmly anchored to 11. Which do you consider the highest

his religion? patriotism, to die for your country or to

5. Show the fallacy of the argument that live for it?

Lesson XXIII.—Broadmindedness

Freedom is the apex of enjoyures unknown and unknowable to ment, and the only way to it is a narrowminded contentedness.

by the trail of truth. The circle To be narrow minded means to

of vision from any point on this idolize fossilized ideals; to be

trail marks the breadth of one's broadminded means to idealize mind, be it broad or narrow. everadvancing ideals; it means the

At the foot of the great mounpassing pleasantly out of the old tain range of liberty the climber and the joyous coming in of the has but two ways to look, upward new. Broadmindedness makes not

to the nearby peaks and down to only for freedom itself, but it his feet. But far off he cannot makes for those virtues by which

see, and seeing not himself he freedom gained is retained.

questions the possibility of others

Broadmindedness Makes forseeing. Selfcentered, he is arPower. While it may be disputedrogant; narrowminded, he is intolthat knowledge is power, there iserant; he pits his opinion against

no ground for argument thata whole army of facts simply beknowledge is not a means of apcause they do not fit the mould of plying power.his individual ideality. He has

no tolerance for anything that disBroadmindedness Makes for turbs his shaded rest; he is typiWisdom. The ancient philosopher

fied by Gray's "Moping Owl;"he was not altogether in error when

is innocent but not advancing. The he said that "ignorance was man's

birth cry of every advancing idea greatest enemy,"but ignorance is is a new shout for freedom. the absence of knowledge. UnwisExpansion of ideas, though ploddom, or the erroneous application

ding in its process, produces pleasof knowledge, is man's greatest enSOURCES OF JOY AND FACTORS OF HAPPINESS 533

emy, and wisdom, of all the virtues, race to an outlook from which it is man's greatest friend. can see that, though wisdom and

Broadmindedness Makes for Juswar travel the same road, they are and jury, to adminalways going in opposite directice.—Judge

ister justice, must see both sides tions, a fact equally true, whether of the. case. They must have a it be an encounter between indipoint of view above the dust of viduals, a family feud, or a milibias and the clouds of prejudice. tary clash between the forces of allied groups of nations.

Broadmindedness Makes for Broadmindedness in HomesMercy.—Broadmindedness makesfor mercy, not only in its effect upMakes for Domestic Tranquility.—

on the act, but in the intention beIn homes it makes for the comprehind the act, and in the effect of hension of the fact that young peothe act upon the actor. ple cannot see things through

Vain were the pleas of mercy beTwentieth century haze, as their fore a tribunal of justice whose visparents saw them in the Puritanic ion of the case did not extend beatmosphere of half a century ago, yond the act, and its immediate any more than they can read cause and effect. Her claims could through their grandfather's spechave no weight upon the scales tacles, and that they must work out

that could not weigh the intellitheir problems of life, which are gence and the intent of the actor not those of the ox team or, at and the effect of the act upon the best, the spring carriage, but those actor himself. of the automobile and the aeroplane. They are not those of the

Broadmindedness Makes for three "R's"and the spelling match, the unprofitablePeace.—When but problems of the vocational

ness of war is universally compreschools and the college; they are

hended the millennial morn will not problems of the cabin and the dawn. leanto, but of the bungalow and

Individuals and groups of big the apartment house. They are

ideas are not ruled bv little imnot the problems of going from pulses. The shortsightedness of the farm to the city, but of taking

the man who killed the goose to the city to the farm.

get the golden egg has its parallel Broadmindedness and Study.—in every war of conquest. There

Extension courses, special resican be no such a thing as peaceless dence courses, and best of all, reguprosperity.

lar college courses, make for War profiteering is a form of narrowminded, soulcrushing broadmindedness.

calamity; it makes despicable the Broadmindedness and Religion.

thing more than anyindividual and drags down the—The one

standards of the group. Peace is other that has brought religion inmore than a pathway to happiness, to disrepute has been its lack of

it is a highway. broadmindedness, and to the exBroadmindedness is lifting the tent that it has failed in this re534 IMPROVEMENT ERA

spect it has bred bigotry instead of * * * "If there is anything virtuous, lovely, or of good report, we seek after brotherhood; fostered intolerance these things."Thirteenth Article of

instead of encouragement; exhibitFaith. "Ye must grow in grace and in

ed ignorance and inhibited intellithe knowledge of the tru';h."Doctrine

gence. and Covenants 50:40.

* * * "Obtain a knowledge of hisJust to the extent that religion tory, and of countries, and of kingdoms, provides for broadmindedness it of laws of God and man."Doctrine and

reaches up and brings down to Covenants, 93:53. * * * "Study and

man the righteousness of God; learn, and become acquainted with all

good books, and with languages, tongues,however, it must be kept in mind and people."Doctrine and Covenants

that a worthwhile broadminded90:15. * * * "Be instructed more

ness is something more than idea perfectly in theory, in principle, in docdiluted with indifference, or the trine, in the law of the gospel, in all things that pertain unto the Kingdom ofacceptance of everything as good God, that are expedient for you to uninstead of recognizing what good derstand. * * * Of things both in

there is in everything. heaven and in earth; things which have

When the Lord rejected all the mustbeen, shortlythings comewhichto are,pass; thingsthings whichwhich

churches, it was not because there are at home, things which are abroad."

was no good in them, but because Doctrine and Covenants 88:78, 79. * * *

not one of them possessed a suf- "If a person gains more knowledge and intelligence in this life through his dilificient concentration of good for gence and obedience than another, he his acceptance; they were each and will have so much the advantage in the

all lacking in some fundamentals, world to come."Doctrine and Coveand as without sincerity, courage, nants 130:19.

and a continuity of The Worlds Need of Broadeffort—goodness of character cannot be even mindedness.—Afghanistan p u n-

relatively complete, so without diishes professing Christians with vine authority provisions for a death. Ninetyfive per cent of the

continuity of communication bemen and ninety per cent of the tween heaven and earth, and a women have never learned the first progressiveness of man's free a- letter of the alphabet. Fifty milgency, religion cannot be even relalion are outcasts.

tively perfect.

China contains one quarter of For want of time and space this the world's population, ninetyfivelesson cannot take into consideraper cent are illiterate.

tion the broadmindedness of more great stretch of dangerous terthan one religion. A

The student will recognize in the ritory lies in the center of South

America including the interior offollowing references provisions for broadmindedness: Brazil, Venezuela, Colombia,

Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia, and Para- "We claim the privilege of worshiping guay. One state in northernAlmighty God according to the dictates Brazil has but one teacher for aof our own conscience, and allow all men

million people. Along the Amazonthe same privilege, let them worship how,

eight million people are served bywhere, or what they may."—Eleventh

Article of Faith. twentynine humble teachers. ReSOURCES OF JOY AND FACTORS OF HAPPINESS 535

ligion and Business, Babson, pages identical ideas from different points of 127128. view.

5. How does broadmindedness contribQuestions and Problems ute to individual freedom?

6. How is the safety of society enShow the fallacy or truth of the followhanced by broadmindedness?

ing propositions: 7. How does your religion provide for

1. Investigation is the chief lever of broadmindedness?

progress, but obedience without argument 8. Name the principal ways in which

is often essential to advancement. broadmindedness may be built up.

2. With opportunities for broadmind- 9. Show how broadmindedness elevates

edness, one may justly be held responsithe taste and enhances the capacity of ble for his mistakes of narrowmindedthe individual to furnish entertainment.

ness. 10. How do the statistics, quoted in this

3. Broadmindedness forbids punishlesson, from Babson, affect your apprement for the sake of punishing. ciation, (a) of the United States, (b) of

4. Broadmindedness doesn't expect your Church?

Lesson XXIV.—Manysidedness of Interest

Manysidedness of Interest.—eternal progress. A bend forward,

Manysidedness of interest differs a reach forward, a step forward, from broadmindedness in that the and repeat, is the rythmic tread of former is a choice, or discriminate everlasting advancement.

application of the latter. The folIndividual Manysidedness of Inlowing story is illustrative: One terest.—Every individual who side of a lecture hall was filled would be a center of progress must

with Athenian students, well taught have some "excelsior"interest. He

in the fine arts, including ethics must possess some outstanding and aesthetics; the other side was point of elevative individuality

occupied by Spartan youths trainthat makes of him an "It"of imed in the performance of duty. An portance. There must be some one

old man entered the hall and lookside of his existence that makes ed about for a seat, every Spartan him somewhere, somehow, or somearose. Not a bench on the Athetime indispensable. He must benian's side was made vacant. The come and must act so that it could

aged man with veteran dignity not be said of him, "He would not said, "The Athenians know the be missed;"of him it must be said,

law, the Spartans obey it.""He cannot well be spared."

The Growth of Manysidedness The value of a major interest is to a minienhanced by the presence of minor of Interest.—Reduced

mum, man's manysidedness of inones. Subinterests, however,

terest is a triangle of foodgetting, should not be permitted to overshelter-finding, and mating. Each shadow or interfere with the major

student, whose election ofnew expansion of idea brings with one. A

it a new want and the supplying of minors interferes with a high grade the new want gives birth to ancarrying of his major work predeother idea and thus goes on the termines failure for himself.

forging of the endless chain of Conditions may interfere with 536 IMPROVEMENT ERA

our election of interests by first terest, in doing good. It requires

choice, but if we choose the best that one shall not only be temperwithin reach we shall always have ate but that he must fight intemthe relative best. perance. He must not only be

One must be interested in onesquare in his deals, but he must self. No one can be of helpful inwage war on fake business and

terest to another who has no inprofiteering. Moral straightness

terest in himself. Dear as mothercalls for more than personal purinterest is, a neglect of self in ity; it insists upon a neverending

cleanliness, in dress, or in culture, crusade against the social evil.

detracts from the attractiveness The manysidednes8 of interest and directive force of her other that includes spiritual righteousqualities. Her potentiality for ness goes further than the confessgood is weakened by selfneglect, ing of belief and the performing of

an unprofitable type of selfsacri- ordinances. It carries the individfice. A selfrespected, selfpre- ual over into the field where faith

served, parent is a rich inheritance bears service fruit. It emphasizes

for any child, and a selfesteemed the fact that the Church is made (not selfconceited), selfhelpful up of membership, and that each offspring is the greatest wealth to member as a part of the Churchthe parent. There is evidently a

is responsible to the Church, and selfinterest that is unselfish.

must constantly choose between beSelf interest in itself, must be ing a recognized spiritual slacker manysided; physical fitness, inteland doing his full share, in prolectual alertness, moral straightviding for the poor, caring for the

ness, and spiritual righteousness sick, educating the orphan and in are interests indispensable not only sustaining the system of which heto scout success, but to the worthis a freeagency part. Spiritual

while life of us all. righteousness as a part of one's

Interest in physical fitness demanysidedness of interest is a mands something more than an inworking willingness to save before terest in food, drink, exercise and expecting salvation.

rest. It must include interest in

ventilation, cleanliness and clothCommunity Manysidedness of ing. Interest.—Every community may

Mental alertness calls for somehave some one chief interest, some thing more than merely keeping one feature of community life of awake. Without an active interest which it may profitably make a

in observing, listening, reading and specialty. It may become famed

thinking, the individual of this for something. California capitalage will be left by the wayside, or izes its climate and becomes a

run over by the onward moving worldwide resort for healthhunt- multitude. ers. She may have many minor

To be morally straight demands interests, but climate is her bugle more than refraining from wrongcall morning, noon and night.

doing. It requires a working inPeach production puts Brigham

SOURCES OF JOY AND FACTORS OF HAPPINESS 537

City on the map of high distinceducation, sanitation, employments tion. One of the cities of our state and recreation.

is wisely struggling to keep on the -."Mormonism's"Manysidedness oflead as a manufacturing town.

was shown in our lastNestled at the foot of the Wasatch Interest.—As

mountains is a small city famed lesson, Latterday Saint broadas the home of artists, and posmindedness circumscribes a knowledge of things as they have been,sessed of one of the finest art gal- a knowledge of things as they are, citleries in our state—two Utah and a knowledge of things as theyies of the same size, each amare to become. We are now facebitious to stand first in education.

The probabilities are that they to face with the fact that "Mormonism's"manysidedness of interwill both come into national promest reaches into the stupendousinence as seats of learning. Utah

work of placing beyond the powerhas a city destined to lead the of their enemies the people of theworld in one particular. Its very

name points to the line in which it past, the people of the present, and may signalize itself. It may never the people of the future. The

Church is active in the help of ourbe more than equal with many ancestors, ourselves, and our posothers as a city beautiful, but as terity. It is not only an instru-a city clean, her destiny is to be

ment for receiving and dispensingfirst. She is to be physically clean,

life to the world, it is an institusocially clean, civically clean.

tion for the accumulation and the

Community manysidedness does distribution of that which saves not permit of a forgetfulness, of people here and now, not only subinterests essential to a high saves them from doubt as to imdestiny of the excelsior interest. mortality and eternal life, but

There is a town locally high famed saves them from destitution, disfor its cheese and ill famed for ease and enforced idleness. It not

the disease breeding cow yard. For only fosters education for the

lack of manysidedness of interest mind, but it promotes irrigation one community has the high repufor the earth's productiveness. It

tation of having the greatest acre not only builds temples, but it aids yield of a certain crop, and it also the new settler in the erection of has the low reputation of being a his frontier home; it not only

winter loafing center. The town teaches temperance, and encourhobby horde of that community ages prayers for the sick, but it

is so shy of a schoolhouse that the builds and maintains hospitals and people will vote down a school gymnasiums. It not only trains its

tax. No community has hope to youth to worship at the family alreceive the recognition of upto- tar, but it inspires them to honor

dateness that does not possess a their flag as a gift from God. Its

manysidedness of interest that in- "excelsior"interest is the produccludes interest in the following ing of a superior leadership of six things; religion, citizenship, life, and love, and liberty, and the

538 IMPROVEMENT ERA

world is seeing it with its manysid- 5. What does interest in mental awake-

1"*6 ofedness of**,.-,-. the,'defectivenessi, - ofr an interinterest, "as a cityJ set upne 6.*s bhow

on a mil. est m morai straightness where a person

is perfectly satisfied with being temperQuestions and Problems ate himself.

7. Why can a person not be religiously

1. Illustrate the difference between righteous and neglect his fastday offerbroad-mindedness and manysidedness of ings?

interest. 8. Name the six indispensable com-

2. Show that there is a self interest munity interests.

that is unselfish. 9. In what particular does the many-

3. Explain what is meant by an "exsidedness of interest of our Church excelsior"interest as used in this lesson. eel?

4. How does this "excelsior"interest 10. Suggest a good way for creating an

contribute to individual happiness? "excelsior"community interest.

Spring

Spring has set the fountains free,

Lady mine.

Music rings from every tree, Lady mine.

Beauty rises on the wing, All the earth is blossoming, In the sunny lap of Spring, Lady mine.

Spring is blooming in the bower,

Lady mine.

And thou art its fairest flower,

Lady mine.

Spring is blooming in my heart,

Where Love's sleeping fountains start, 'Neath the sunlight which thou art,

Lady mine.

Spring is blooming o'er the world,

Lady mine.

All its flags of peace unfurled,

Lady mine.

Over every nation spread, Lifting many a drooping head, Where its light and love are shed,

Lady mine.

Theodore E. Curtis

What the Marriage Covenant Means

By Alfonzo Y. Pond

The significance of the marriage covenant and family relationship for eternity, as well as for time, is vaguely, if at all, understood by the socalled Christian world. The seriousness

and the sacredness of the marriage relation has a far greater and more important significance attached to it among the members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, because they not only have the holy Scriptures to teach them the sacredness of such a beautiful covenant, but the voice of the Omnipotent has spoken to them in these latterdays through his servants, the prophets. The fulness of the gospel, including the

everlasting covenant of marriage, which means that the holy bonds of matrimony are recognized in the gospel as everlasting, has in this day and age been revealed to the chosen people of our God.

Yet with this beautiful plan of eternal progression explained to us in the pages of the holy Bible, the Book of Mormon, the Doctrine and Covenants, and in other revelations given to the Church, unfortunately, we find young men and young women within the very pales of the Church, who do not understand this principle of marriage, and who do not realize the mistake they make when they are married outside of the Church, and also allow the ceremony to be performed by one who's authority is limited to "Till death do you part."On the other

hand, they should take into serious consideration just what it means to be married by and through the sanction of the holy

Priesthood, and under the new and everlasting covenant of marriage, by an authorized servant of God who has been duly endowed with "power from on high, to seal upon earth as also in heaven."As the gospel is now upon the earth, in its fulness,

it stands to reason that the power and authority to marry for all eternity is also present, even as it was given to Peter. (Matt.

16:19.) In the beginning the Lord God sanctioned and ordained the holy ordinance of marriage by instituting and solemnizing the very first ordinance himself. This took place before death had

entered the world, consequently, it was designed to be eternal last forever.—to

Solomon, in speaking of the works of God declared:

540 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"I know that whatsoever God doeth, it shall be forever;

nothing can be put to it, nor anything taken from it: and God

doeth it that men should fear before him"(Eccl. 3:14).

In these latter days the voice of the Lord has again been heard. He says:

"And again, I say unto you, that whoso forbiddeth to marry is not ordained of God, for marriage is ordained of God, unto man."(Doc. and Cov. 49:1517; I Timothy 4:1-3.)

In reference to eternal marriage and its blessings when properly entered into, he has declared:

"In the celestial glory there are three heavens or degrees;

and in order to obtain the highest, a man must enter into this order of the Priesthood (meaning the new and everlasting covenant of marriage); and if he does not, he cannot obtain it. He

may enter into the other, but that is the end of his kingdom;

he cannot have an increase"(Doc. and Cov. 131:1-4).

Further, we read:

"Behold, I reveal unto you a new and an everlasting covenant; and if

ye abide not that covenant, then ye are damned; for no one can reject

this covenant, and be permitted to enter into my glory. * * * Verily

I say unto you, if a man marry a wife by my word, which ia my law, and by the new and everlasting covenant, and it is sealed unto them by the Holy Spirit of promise, by him who is anointed, unto whom I have appointed this power, and the keys of this Priesthood; and it shall be

said unto them, ye shall come forth in the first resurrection; and if it be

after the first resurrection, in the next resurrection; and shall inherit

thrones, kingdoms, principalities, and powers, dominions, all heights, and depths, * * * it shall be done unto them in all things whatsoever my servant hath put upon them, in time, and through all eternity, and shall be in full force when they are out of the world"1 (Doc. and Cov.,

132).

In speaking of the sacred importance of the marriage within the Church, our beloved and late President, Joseph F.

Smith, declared:

I would rather go myself to the grave than to be associated with a wife outside of the bonds of the new and everlasting covenant. Now, I hold

it just so sacred; but some members of the Church do not so regard the

matter. Some people feel that it does not make very much difference

whether a girl marries a man in the Church, full of the faith of the gospel, or an unbeliever. Some of our young people have married outside the

Church, but very few of those who have done it have failed to come to grief. I would like to see Latterday Saint women marry Latterday Saint

men, and Latterday Saint men marry Latterday Saint women; and let

Methodists marry Methodists, Catholics marry Catholics, and Presbyterians marry Presbyterians, and so on to the limit. Let them keep within

the pale of their own faith and Church, and marry and intermarry there, and let the Latterday Saints do the same thing in their Church; then we

will see who comes out best in the end (Gospel Doctrine, p. 350; October

Conference Record, 1909, page 5).

Pocatello, Idaho STATE CHAMPIONS IN BASKET BALL FOR 192122 B. Y. U.

l. Paul Packard, 2. Glen Simmons, forward; 3. Russel Swenson, forward; 4. Ralph Keeler, center; 5. Kenneth Wright, captain, guard; 6.

Elwood Jackson, subguard; 7. Vernon Tolboe, manager; 8. Leo Meredith,

suUguard; 9. Teuton Reeve, subforward; 10. "Monty"Groesbeck, subguard; 11. Ross Nielson, subcenter. Partridge not in the group.

Once more the Brigham Young University emerges from the intercollegiate baskethall season with a championship pennant for its trophy room. The history of the indoor sport in Utah shows that the big "Mormon"university has won more intercollegiate championships than all of

its competitors combined.

In the sport of basket ball especially, the Brigham Young University has established traditions of winning. These traditions are wonderful

stimulants for continued winning. Each year the basketball team is made

to feel that it has a long line of successful ancestry to fight for. Each

season the players are made to see back of them a series of championships and a lineage of fighters. The awareness of this history is one of the

greatest factors in forcing the athletes to extend themselves to the limit to uphold past traditions.

Habits of living are, perhaps, more responsible than anything else for the success of the B. Y. U. athletes. With but few exceptions the basket

ball boys representing the Church university have been fine examples of "Mormon"living. It has been noticeable that the championship teams

have been composed mostly of this type of young men. The athletes have

observed carefully training rules in every detail. They have kept the Word

of "Wisdom. They have regarded their athletic battles with prayerful

seriousness.

W* w:.., t c SB5

I

V

* i

iI

Q *-*S

,,ss Bishop Marion dinger of Aberdeen ward, and his five sons, Blackfoot stake

Fathers and Sons'Outing, 1922

Time for the Fathers and Sons'Outing again! Haven't

heard better news for a whole year. What good times everybody

had! Going again? "Wouldn't miss it for anything,"is the

usual answer from stake presidents, bishops, M. I. A. officers,

and especially from the fathers and sons. Now's the time to

get dates, places, programs, and everything else, all fixed up so that you will "Be prepared"to have the greatest of times out in the open when the outing time comes.

E. Mitchel Hodges tells this story in the North American, in which

he said that he was traveling on a railroad train, and he came in contact with one of the most prosperous business men in the town. This business man, in the coutse of conversation, said: "Would you like to know

what I'm going to give my boy for Christmas?"Hodges said, "Yes;"and

he thought what a fat check that father could give to that boy; and as the

gentleman pulled out his wallet, he took from it a piece of paper and handed it to Hodges. This is what Hodges read:

two, To my dear son: I give to you oiie hour of each weekday and

it without inter-*hours of my Sunday, to be yours, to be used as you want ference of any kind whatsoever."

Hodges thought, "I wonder what the boy will feel and think when, on Christmas morning, he looks at that slip of paper. If he is the average

boy, he will be very much dissatisfied. If he is an unusual boy, he will

realize that his father has given him something that he can never repay.

"How did you happen to reach the decision to give that present?"

Hodges asked.

He said: "One day I was seated in my office and a human derelict

came in to see me, and when he mentioned his name I said, 'Lad, to see a father.'you like this—and you with such

"'Well, I have often heard said that he was a fine man,'the boy answered. 'All his friends have said so. I never knew him. He was so

544 IMPROVEMENT ERA

much occupied with his business and with his associations that I only saw him occasionally at meals. I never knew him.'

"That made me think, and so I am going to concentrate my time on having my boy know me."

This story needs no explanation.

The costliest thing in the world is to be a real father to one's boy. It

costs money, energy, time, patience, convenience and comfort. But it is all

infinitesimal in cost as compared to that greater price one pays when he realizes too late that he has failed to make a real investment in his son's life.

Of course, we're going to have a Fathers and Sons'Outing this summer! Been looking forward to the camping season all

winter, thinking not only of the hikes, swims, games, and the sleepingout-ofdoors, rolled in blankets, while the flickering campfire throws fitful, uncertain shadows against the tent wall, but also of the splendid companionship of father and son. Oh,

boy! There's a thrill in every moment of camp life, that we

wouldn't miss for all the world.

First, Because we owe it to the boys.

Second, Because we owe it to the fathers.

Third, Because, being Y. M. M. I. A. officers, we are anxious to put

over this part of the Summer program.

Fourth, Because we believe in being loyal to those who have been loyal to us.

Fifth, Because we don't intend that the fathers and sons living in our stake shaU be deprived of the good things that other fathers and sons are receiving.

Sixth, Because it is a fine way to bring an increased, friendly, sympathetic feeling between officers and boys,.between officers and fathers, and

a closer bond of understanding and appreciation between fathers and sons.

The Y. M. M. I. A. summer program provides for a Fathers and Sons'

Outing. The place, date, and duration of the outing, are left to each stake.

However, we recommend an outing of at least three days. Every extra

day you can stay increases the joy of the outing that much more. We

might suggest, also, that while some think it would be a splendid thing to have the mothers along, this one annual outing is being taken primarily for those wholesome effects that will come only from the association of the fathers and sons.

Begin to prepare and set the time for the outing now. Make

the dates suitable to the conditions existing in your community.

Get the Presidency of the stake and Bishops of your wards into the spirit of the thing. They will all go with you, because

they appreciate your work, and they love the fathers and sons over whom they preside.

Let's all go out into the great outof-doors, and rest, and play, and get acquainted, in the oldfashioned way. Brigham

Young used to bring the people in closer touch with one another in social reunion. Choose places away from resorts if

possible. Resorts have a tendency to retard the camp social

FATHERS AND SONS'OUTING 545

spirit. Avoid Sunday, unless your outing is an extended one,

and then observe the Sabbath day as a day of rest and worship.

Suggestions for Camp Organization

Select a name for your camp, paint it on a sign, and erect the sign at the camp.

The following suggestions are offered. All the following

committees should be appointed at once in order that they may be prepared for the work assigned them as soon as they arrive at camp. There will be plenty of time to use the unassigned

good things that members of the camp are prepared to give:

1. Chairman. Should be president of stake or superintendent of

stake Y. M. M. I. A. or a person selected by them.

2. Camp Director. Camp director—under direction of chairman, has

general charge of camp. Chairman and director may be the same person.

3. Commisary Committee. Has in charge cooking instruction, menus,

provisions, fires.

4. Sanitation Committee. Has in charge inspection of camp, and is

held responsible for cleaning of camp, establishment of latrines, etc.;

should select a sanitary squad made up from members of different troops or divisions.

5. Camp Fire Committee. Has charge of the evening program. Should

be composed of men and boys who can lead out in songs, cheers, stories, stunts, plays, etc., in a real vigorous fashion. Stories and jokes should be

of the cleanest type. Don't permit even a suggestion of anything else.

6. Program Committee. For Activities of the Day. Has charge of

all play, sports and amusements. This committee should include men who

can answer questions on birds, flowers, trees, shrubs, animals, rocks and stars. 7. First Aid. Doctor or good first aid man. Has headquarters. All

sickness, accidents, etc, should be reported to him. May be head of sanitation committee. Associated with the doctor should be someone capable

of saving life in the water.

8. Committee on Camp Site and Parhing. Lays out camp, assigns positions, locates places for horses, wagons, cars.

These different groups may be regrouped into three or four committees according to the size and requirements of the campers.

Each person should provide the following articles: Haversack, knife, fork, spoon, metal plate, cup, soap, towel, comb,

extra pair of socks, two woolen blankets rolled in canvasi, fishing tackle and kodak when possible.

Each ten boys should provide equipment as follows: Two

frying pans, two granite saucepans holding at least four quarts each, dish cloths and towel, flash light, matches, two table spoons, can opener, one small water bucket, one wash basin, first aid kit, axe, and tent. Each wagon or truck must carry

a pick and shovel for use around camp.

546 IMPROVEMENT ERA

All persons making the trip must agree to be governed by the rules and regulations of the camp. The taking of fire

arms is absolutely forbidden.

The things suggested as necessary to take, of course, should be governed by the length of the outing, the climate, and the

Winning team in Tug of War, Taylor Stake mode of transportation. For helpful suggestions on camp

equipment see Handbook for Scoutmasters, pages 370430. These

pages include suggestions on daily programs, sanitation, camp fire, swimming, menus, camp site and stories. Be sure you

have a copy of this book in camp.

Daily Program

6:00 Reveille, flag raising, (this may be made a part of the assembly exercises) wake up drill, morning wash up.

6:30- 8:00 Breakfast—air blankets.

8:00- 8:30 Assembly, pledge to flag, scout promise, prayer, instructions

for the day.

8:30- 9:00 Sanitary and health inspection.

9.0011:00 Games, hikes, fishing.

11:0011:30 Bedmaking and camp cleanup.

11:3012:00 Swimming—20 minutes.

12:00- 1:00 Dinner and camp inspection.

1:00- 2:00 Quiet hour.

2:00- 4:00 Scout games, hikes, exploring trips.

4:00- 6:00 Swimming—20 minutes preparation for supper.

6:00- 7:00 Supper and cleanup. Evening colors.

7:00- 8:00 Preparation for night.

8:00- 9:00 Campfire stories, stunts, community singing, scout promise,

prayer. 9:45Tattoo.

10:00 Taps. All lights out and quietness.

FATHERS AND SONS'OUTING 547 Rules and regulations have their place. If the rights of all

are to be respected and the camp made safe, there must be certain stated limits to the campers'freedom on certain occasions.

Conduct in boats, absence from camp, regular hours for swimming, canoes, firearms, and fire, must be regulated by stated rules about which there can be no misunderstanding and from which there will be no variation. These should be made and

read daily by each camping party.

Suggestions for Daily Program First bugle call, 6 a. m.; fire makers out; 6:15 a. m., everybody out, no exceptions except for sickness. Setting up exercises and short run at scout's pace, alternating about fifty running and fifty walking steps.

Do the cooking right. Don't be sloppy about it, just because you are camping out. Camp sanitation is outlined in

Flag raising—East Mill Creek Canyon, Salt Lake Stake

Scoutmasters'Handbook, pages 391393. This is important. Be

upto-date. Be clean!

The success of the outing depends so much upon the recreation program that you can't afford to wait until you get to camp to work it out. Take balls, nets, and bats, etc., along.

Provide a variety of games. For suggestions see Handbook for

Boys and Scoutmasters; Spaulding Indoor and Outdoor Games;

see M. I. A. Boy Scout Bulletin, page 45. Select leaders for this

committee who are familiar with games and know how to put them over.

For assembly and evening colors see M.I. A. Scout Bulletin,

548 IMPROVEMENT ERA

page 35. This part of the program is the only formal part of

the outing, and will aid very materially in the discipline of the camp, and make this part of the day's exercise very impressive.

This should be in charge of some responsible, live person who will study all about the flag customs and ceremonies, forms of respect due it, and put it over in a dignified, impressive way.

Divide the work of the camp among all, and when much manual labor is required, change the personnel often. All work

of the camp should be considered honorable, and therefore should not be assigned as punishment.

Eats Good food is essential to health and morale. Napoleon

once said: "An army travels on its stomach."It is equally

true that a successful camp must be a "well fed"camp. ComBathing, Boise Stake

petent cooks should prepare the food. Eating between meals

is both unhealthful and unnecessary.

Take Pictures

Here's what to photograph: a picture showing:

1. Group of the whole company, going or coming, or in camps. Another group of fathers who have sons present with them, might be taken.

2. The best artistic group, such as around the campfire, the story

hour, taps, morning and evening devotion.

3. Rest unique camping picture, such as cooking, hiking, boating, swimming, etc.

FATHERS AND SONS'OUTING 549

4. Best scenic picture, with at least onehalf of the camp people in it.

Take pictures that show good action. In taking groups, make as close

up as possible so that each person can be recognized. Remember that the

pictures reproduced, require well defined outlines. All the pictures must

be taken enroute or in and around camp of this year's outing, or where groups are taken, the members must be participants in at least a three* days'outing.

Suggested Program for Use Around Camp Fire 1. Hymns: "High on the mountain top,""0, ye mountains high."

2. Prayer: A Son.

3. Songs: See those published on this folder.

4. Short talk, "Team work for Father and Son."—Special speaker.

5. A stunt: Have three groups selected and have them contest in

living pictures, the following, "Fear,""Joy,""Sorrow,""Courage."

6. A story, "The Dog Story,"Junior Manual, 1921.

7. A treat: Peanuts or candy or toasting marshmellows on sticks.

8. Prayer: A Father.

tent. 9. Taps—Blow—Sing gradually back to

Songs

Lads (Tune: "Smiles."

There are Dads who make us happy,

There are Dads who make us blue,

There are Dads who are so very busy

Making "cash"for boys like me and you.

There are Dads, and how we always love them, "Who have time to come if we just call,

It's the Dad who thinks enough of his boy

To take time for a game of ball.

Dads

There are boys who make us happy,

There are boys who make us blue,

There are boys who raise a lot of thunder

If they're asked to do a thing or two

There are boys who sing and smile and whistle;

Some who grouch and frown and make us sad,

But the boy who's surely on the right track

Is the boy who sticks close to Dad.

(Tune: "Sweet Adeline")

Lad 0'Mine, (0 Lad 0'Mine) Dear Lad O'Mine, (Dear Lad O'Mine)

We'll stand as one, (We'll stand as one)

In rain or shine; (In rain or shine)

Each night and day, (Each night and day),

I'll always say, (I'll always say),

You're the best friend in the world,

O Lad O'Mine, (O Lad O'Mine).

) (When boys sing, substitute "Dad"for Lad 550 IMPROVEMENT ERA

(Tune: "Auld Lang Syne''/

We're glad this week has come around.

For boys like you and me Are closer drawn, and ties made dear,

That not forgot shall be.

So here's my hand, my friend, my pal,

My heart you've filled with cheer;

Let's make each day a time like this,

Throughout the livelong year.

Taps

Day is done, gone the sun, From the lake, from the hills, from the sky.

All is well, safely rest, God is nigh.

Who Loves

Who loves the sky The glorious sky at sunset Who loves its hue of rose;

Who loves the clouds, The deep'ning purple shadows, As eventime doth close:

Who loves the birds The goldenthroated songsters And those of plaintive cry;

Who hears the song That floats from yonder cottage—

A mother's lullaby:

Who loves the wind, And hears its sighing solace;

Who loves the pure white snow;

Who loves the stars That light God's kindly heaven

And guide us here below:

Who loves the hills That whisper strength and courage.

And hears the murmuring brooks;

Who loves the trees, The shrubs, the grass and flowers,

And moss in shady nooks:

Who loves these all, In treading o'er life's pathway,

O blithely shall he go!

Who loves these all, And loves and lives for others,

Shall naught of sorrow know!

Tucson, Arizona Bergeta Jesperson

Integrity and Industry

In the practical religion of the Latterday Saints we find not only spirituality, but integrity; not only faith, but works;

not only thrift, but industry; not only cooperation, but unselfish

service. In a community where these characteristics predominate, the consequence must necessarily result in a Godfearing,

clean, loyal, prosperous and dependable people.

As an illustration of these remarks we cite the wisdom displayed in the saving of the sugar industry of Utah and Idaho from the recent threatened disaster. The founding of the sugar

beet industry was one of the grandest happenings that could come to the West, and is an illustration of the wisdom, faith and integrity of those who stood and who stand at its head. Had

this great industry, which was seriously threatened, not been sustained and protected, the disastrous effects would indeed have been farreaching, and the loss most dreadful, not only to business, but to individual producers as well.

In view of these facts, and considering the benefits to be derived from this accomplishment, the following statement, from one who is wellinformed on the subject, must prove of great interest both to manufacturers and farmers, as well as to the people in general:

"For the various sugar companies of Utah and Idaho, during the season of 1921, there were approximately 160,000 acres of sugar beets grown by approximately 16,000 farmers. About

half of this amount was raised for the UtahIdaho Sugar Company. The 16,000 farmers delivered from the 160,000 acres to

the various companies in the two states approximately 1,600,000 tons of beets, from which upwards of 4,000,000 bags of sugar have been manufactured, which, if sold at the present price of about $4.50 per bag, would amount to approximately $18,000,-

000, this being distributed, about onehalf to the farmer, and the other half to the workmen and manufacturers for material, etc. While the manufacturers of this sugar will undoubtedly

sustain a loss, unless the price of sugar increases, yet the benefits to be derived by the circulation of this vast sum of money, during this period of financial distress, is of inestimable value.

It furnishes the very life's blood of our industrial pursuits, and 552 IMPROVEMENT ERA

will assist in tiding this section of the country over, in some of its financial difficulties. Had this financing not been accomplished, business concerns throughout this section would

have been shaken to their very foundations and would have suffered great losses.

"To produce the $18,000,000 resulting from the 160,000 acres of beets and the sugar manufactured therefrom, it would take 1,000,000 acres of grain or 1,500,000 acres of alfalfa at the present prices. Therefore, the sugar beet crop manufactured

into sugar has produced, in the gross, five or six times at least, as much per acre as that of the other standard crops of this section. It also furnishes thousands of people with employment both in and out of the factories which the other crops

do not furnish.

"Besides, the byproducts of the beet crop, such as tops, pulp and syrup have fed thousands of head of cattle, sheep and dairy cows, thus producing abundance of beef, mutton and dairy products, for home consumption and shipment abroad, the returns for which has been brought back to the two states above mentioned. Further, the feeding of livestock on the

farms helps to keep up the fertility of the soil while the raising of grain reduces the fertility. It has been thoroughly demonstrated that the growing of sugar beets raises the standard of

farming and increases the yields of other crops to follow. The

countries of the old world, as well as the new, where sugar beets have been grown for a long period of years, have proved that where 25% of the land has been used for beet culture, the remaining 75% has raised as much in cereals as the 100% produced before sugar beets were grown. The deep plowing

required for this crop, the intense cultivation of the soil, and the small, fine rootlets of the beets, that penetrate deeply into the soil and are left there to pass off into the soil, are all beneficial to other crops in the rotation system which many of the farmers have learned to follow."

Both business and agriculture have indeed cause to be thankful that the policy pursued in the beginning of the sugar industry in Utah, about thirty years ago, is still to be continued. A.

Messages from the Missions

What Fifteen Missionaries Did in Eight Months

Oswald L. Pearson, president of the Chicago conference, reports under date of March 10, that a very successful conference was held in Chicago on February 5 and 6. "Sessions were held in three branches, in adEDITORS'TABLE 553

dition to a splendid missionary meeting, Saturday, February 5, at 2 o'clock p. m., in commemoration of the ninetieth anniversary of President Charles

W. Penrose. The sessions were all made to deal with important events

in the history of the Church, and with the labors of its leaders, thus forming a fine background for the special Penrose service which was the last and crowning event of one of the best conferences ever held here. President Winslow Farr Smith spoke on vhe labors and life of President Penrose, and how he had been molded in the crucibles of affliction, in the

great task assigned to him in the work of the Master. The people of

Chicago and vicinity seem to be softening their hearts toward the gospel message, for the year 1921 was one of the best in our history. During the

last eight months of the year the fifteen laboring missionaries in the conference placed in the homes a total of 2,724 copies of! the Book of Mormon,

578 of them being sold. Twentyeight baptisms were performed, and

Priesthood and Book of Mormon classes were organized in each branch.

We have a very fine conference Mutual Improvement Association. Our

deepest regret is that the laborers are all too few for the colossal task before us of taking the olive branch of peace to the teeming millions of

Chicago and vicinity. We enjoy the Improvement Era very much, and I

take this opportunity of expressing our thanks to you for sending it."

Back row: left to right: R. Stanford Pugmire, Campbell Garrick, Wallace Anderson, Hilda Knudsen, Francis A. Cox, Rulon S. Hacking, Arthur

E. Stromness. Middle row: Syvil J. Scoffield, Orson P. Davis, Sister Vera

Thomson, Milton Mangum, Bertha Thurgood, Lloyd Randall, Virdin R.

Johnson, Albert C. Welch. Front row: H. Harries Lloyd; Moroni J. Urie,

mission secretary; Oswald L. Pearson, president of the Chicago conference;

Winslow F. Smith, president of the Northern States mission; Sister Emily

W. Smith; Werner Kiepe, president of the Northern Illinois conference;

Burnes T. Barney. Mary Stephens was unable to be present due to illness.

—M. J. Urie.

(See picture p. 554.)

Fair Number of Investigators Elder Arthur W. Gudmunson, writing from Manaia, Taranaki, New

Zealand, February 4, says: "We are progressing nicely here. We have a

fair number of investigating friends and quite a few Saints. The work of

the Lord is advancing slowly but surely, and we feel that we are blessed beyond measure."

Elder David O. McKay in Pesega, Samoa

Although nearly a year has elapsed since Elders McKay and Cannon were with us in Samoa, the trail of love and inspiration left by them still lives as plainly as ever in memories which were brightened by the splendid association we had with them here for a solid month. In every way were

those golden days ones which we shall all cherish in our heart of hearts, and not only we of the mission force, but strangers are strangers no more through catching the spirit of the occasion which carried the conviction to their souls undeniably that these men were in most ways extraordinary—

especially in intelligence and spirituality. They were both veritable sponges

for absorbing every loose vestige of information, and let a bird chirp melodiously in the midst of an animated conversation, and Brother McKay instantly was on the Qui Wive as to its name and characteristics; and down

all such items went in the plethoric memoranda. Between Brother Cannon's

shorthand and Brother McKay's long intuition, nothing in all Samoa escaped. John Q. Adams, Mission President.

556 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Although the building was not dedicated until in the afternoon the morning meeting was distinctly a part of the service, the first and last song were by the congregation but all other musical numbers were specially prepared. Elder Geo. C. Peterson, presiding elder in San Bernardino, extended a welcome to all, and expressed his great pleasure and satisfaction

in having leaders of the Church present. President Jos. W. McMurrin

was the first speaker. Brother Tibbets, Superintendent of the Sunday

school, explained the remarkable manner in which the building and grounds were procured from the school district, the property having been advertised for a month for bids but apparently escaping the attention of all but those of the Church, who placed the minimum bid of $3,500 which was the only bid received, and was finally accepted by the board. He explained that the day after negotiations were closed six hundred dollars was

offered for the option. Elder William G. Brown, Secretary of the Mission,

Dr. John A. Widtsoe and President Heber J. Grant each spoke briefly

during the service. After the meeting was dismissed all who were in attendance gathered in front of the Chapel and were photographed.

The dedicatory service commenced at 2:00 p. m., the congregation

joined in singing, "Come, listen to a prophet's voice,"Elder William, B.

Hawkins offered the opening prayer, a local double mixed quartette sang, "This house we dedicate to thee"and then President Heber J. Grant dedi-

<cated the Chapel for the use of the Saints as a house of worship.

President Axel A. Madsen, of the Los Angeles conference was the first

speaker and was followed by President Joseph W. McMurrin. Elder John A.

Widtsoe, of the Council of the Twelve, next spoke. After reviewing the founding of San Bernardino, by the "Mormons"under the direction of President

Brigham Young, he said: "I believe we are fulfilling prophecy today."

Referring to the dedication of the Chapel, he said: "In dedicating a house

to God we are also dedicating ourselves to the service of God."Dr. Widtsoe

explained some of the scientific truths taught by the Church with the comment that, "it isn't a question of whether it is popular, but is it true?"and

ended by saying, "'Mormonism'is alive with doctrines that clarify life."

President Heber J. Grant was the last speaker in both the morning

and afternoon services, he spoke of the prophecies which had been fulfilled, bore inspiring testimony that the spiritual gifts were to be found in this Church, commended the Latterday Saints generally for their great love of other people and used the missionary work as an example. He

closed by saying: "If there is one thing more than any other which I have

tried to impress upon my hearers, it is to live the gospel so that others seeing our good works will be led to investigate."

The new, commodious chapel stands about fifty feet from the sidewalk on a corner, with well paved streets on either side. The building was

entirely remodeled; white stucco walls now face the street where red brick

walls formerly did. It is plainly but handsomely furnished on the inside,

from the appearance, one would judge that it was new throughout. Rooms

are prepared in the chapel so that the elders live in the building.

The dedication of the San Bernardino Chapel marks another step in the growth of the California mission. According to Dr. John A. Widtsoe

it is the fulfilment of prophecy as well.

The historic relation of the Church to San Bernardino adds much to the interest of this event. Usually where there are Saints an early undertaking is the erection of a building in which to meet and worship, but in

this place seventyone years after the city was founded by "Mormon"pioneers their first permanent Chapel was dedicated.

The story is told that President Brigham Young directed the Saints who were coming to California to travel until an arrowhead appeared on the mountain, and there they were to build a city; an odd formation on the

EDITORS'TABLE 557

mountain above San Bernardino forms an almost perfect arrowhead. Later

the Saints were needed in"Utah, and President Young advised the pioneers to return.

Most of those who disobeyed or ignored the advice later apostatized, and for years San Bernardino and her people were perhaps more opposed to the Church than any other city in the state of California. Now, however,

the people living there are beginning to appreciate the service of those early settlers, they appreciate the broad, straight streets laid off after the plan of Salt Lake City, and they acknowledge that much credit is due to the "Mormon"Pioneers.

One of the San Bernardino newspapers devoted two columns on the front page to the "coming dedication,"printing a large photo of President Heber J. Grant who was to be in attendance. The following is copied

from the report: "In 1851, led by Capt. Jefferson Hunt, 100 wagons came

from Utah to Southern California. They first stopped at Sycamore Grove,

Cajon Pass, and later bought the San Bernardino Ranch from the Luge

Family for $77,500. Apostles Amasa Lyman and Charles C. Rich were the

'Mormon'missionaries accompanying the pioneers into this valley."

Rulon H. Cheney.

From Arnhem, Holland Elder Samuel R. Carpenter, writing from Arnhem, Holland, February

18, reports that he and another elder have been placed in charge of the

Arnhem conference, and have been kept very busy in getting things working to their desires. The Church work in Holland is making rapid strides.

The elders are having much success in trading, and many people are friendly towards them. The conference is much handicapped because of

lack of missionaries, but plans are now making to open several new branches, closed during the war, as soon as elders are available. Thirtyfive elders are at present in the field. Elder Carpenter considers it a

wonderful opportunity to be a missionary of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints. He describes a meeting of the Salvation Army at which

General Booth was the principal speaker. Other leading men from the

Army were present, the director of the South African work, also officers from England and India. He says concerning this meeting: "I was deeply

impressed with the contrast of their methods and those used by the missionaries from home. They preached and sang for about an hour and a

half of the wonderful work they were doing among the heathens of India and Africa, and after getting the people worked up to a high pitch they called for all sinners to come to the altar of repentance. They did not

utter a word about their beliefs, their faith or anything regarding the principles of the gospel. In this manner of revival meeting they had

seventeen converts. If I could not believe that these people were sincere

in their beliefs, I would call it a farce of the first class, as it resembled an auction meeting more than a religious service. Personally, I do not

see how they can remain sincere in their belief that they are following

Christ, unless it is an exaggerated case of 'the blind leading the blind.'

am like the man who said, 'The more I see of foreign lands, the more I think of my own;'and I want to say, 'The more I see of other religious

systems the more I think of 'Mormonism.'"

Elder Carpenter adds further: "To be a missionary of the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is a wonderful experience. At times it

seems strange to know that 'Mormonism'is true, but when I analyze that feeling I come to realize that I know it is true above all other things.

How that testimony has come to me, I do not know, but I have obtained it here in the mission field, and I thank my Father in heaven for it. It is a

wonderful joy.". -

558 IMPROVEMENT ERA Eight New Members Added Elder John H. Jorgensen of Huntsville, writing from Aalborg, Denmark, under date of February 25, reports that three elders are now laboring in that conference; himself, Elder Thorlief Jacobsen, Weston, Idaho;

and Elder Owen Poulsen, Levan, Utah. The latter is called to labor in

the Copenhagen conference, but had not yet gone to Copenhagen on account of the ice blocking the waterways. Eight new members have been

added to the conference since last April, and the meetings are generally well attended. Quite a number of strangers are investigating the gospel.

The elders enjoy their labors, and are delighted to receive the Era each month.

On the Islands of the Sea Elder Lorenzo E. Peterson, writing from Manua, Samoa, January 20,

says: "Manua is the name of a group of three small islands located about

seventy miles east of the United States Naval Station in Pago Pago. These

islands belong to the Samoan group and are under the control of the

United States Navy department. There are about 2,000 natives, and besides myself, the only white men are two navy doctors, and two wireless

operators. For at least 75 years there has been but one religious denomination in Manua, owing to a law made by their old king who has been dead

for years. But the people have adhered so closely to the old rule, that

until now, no other church has been able to get a footrhold. Our elders

have made many attempts in the past, but never with any success. They

received much bitter persecution, and were so forced to give up all attempts. When the terrific hurricane of 1915 swept over the islands, destroying almost everything except the lives of the people, and not a single

house was left standing, the people were humbled considerably. In June,

1921, I was appointed to go with two native missionaries, Pili, and

Telatelaga, to make another attempt to start the work in Manua, and the

Lord has certainly blessed our humble efforts. The people were bitter at

first, and had no use for the 'Mamona,'but the Lord raised up friends for us, and we have been permitted to stay. About the third week we baptized one woman. Then we began school, which is an effective means of

spreading the gospel in the Island, and in our case, it proved more effective in making friends than preaching. The school soon grew from 14

to 35, and is still progressing nicely. As a result many people who were

bitter at first are now our warm friends, and are sending their children to school. Many are also investigating the gospel. Shortly after starting the

school, four or six were baptized, and in December last, two chiefs or heads of families were added to the number. I am happy and contented in my

labors here, although it is five months since I saw another white missionary. I love to labor among these warmhearted, brown islanders; and I

have two faithful native elders who are good, cheerful companions and workers. We are happy with our success, and know that it is only through

the help and mercies of the Lord that we have been able to do what we have done. We pray that the Spirit of the Lord will soften the hearts of

these people, that they may realize the beautiful truths of the gospel and obey its call, for there are many good, honest souls here who really want the truth, and the Samoan people are beyond a doubt descendants of Israel.

"The Era is a most welcome visitor, and its inspired contents are surely a soothing balm to the humble elder laboring in the mission field.

It is to me the best magazine written, for it not only contains the choicest of literature, but a large variety of other good reading matter, and ought, therefore, to be interesting and valuable to the people in all walks of life."f im i nH i i i nniiriiimip gmmm ii i ii ii iiii iiiiiiimii i ii i iim i ii i ii iii i iii ii ii i i i i nii i iii i n ii i i i i i i ii '""i l gggg

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS'TABLE

f iaininii iii i i iiiifiiia i iiiiiii ii i i in i i ii i ii iiimii ii i i i iiii ui i i i i ii i i i iiii i ii i i i ii i ii iii i ii i i i M ii i 555555 jjgjjjaffi

The Work in Sydney, Australia

The missionary force of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints, in Australia, is numerically larger today than it has been for some four or five years. The last two American steamers brought to us six

new elders from Zion, namely: Joseph B. Gunnell, Arlie V. Bean, Claudius

Tolman, George R. Hall, Howard R. Jackson and Cecil James. This gives

us a total of thirtyseven missionaries, including Mission President and

Sister Rushton. The restrictions placed upon us by the Australian government will not allow us to exceed this number. All the elders are in

splendid spirits, and with the exception of Elder Charles Bowen, who is recovering from an operation for appendicitis, all are enjoying the best of health. With the help of the Lord, and under the prudent direction of

President Rushton we trust that, through prayer and humility, we will be able to make our presence felt for good during the coming year.

New Sunday School Organized The work in the New South Wales conference is growing and the record of the past and prospects of the future are encouraging. On the

8th of January, President Rushton organized a branch Sunday School, at

Bankstown; there were in attendance at this first session twentyseven

members. Three classes were placed in good working; order. The people

there show a great deal of interest in their new branch and the prospects for rapid growth are apparent.

Priesthood Activities

The priesthood of New South Wales may well be proud of the record made in attendance at priesthood meetings during the past twelve months. There have been held 52 regular weekly meetings and 12 monthly

meetings. The records show that throughout the year there was in attendance 86% of the priesthood enrollment. This shows evidence of active faith on the part of the brethren, when we take into consideration

the fact that they are all hard working men and many of them have to come from ten to twenty miles to attend.

"Improvement Era"a Potent Factor

The arrival of the Improvement Era is looked forward to each month and is read with a great deal of interest by all the elders, most of the

Saints, and many of our friends. Our friends read the Era with interest

and readily recognize its value. It is a potent factor in removing prejudice against the spread of the gospel in this land. Marion Geo. Romney,

Newton, Sydney, Australia.

Guide for "Essentials in Church History"

To Presidents of Stakes and Bishops of Wards, is called to the new text for the MelDear Brethren:—Your attention

chizedek Priesthood quorums of the Church, the study of which began

January 1. 1922. We refer to the Essentials of Church History, by Elder

Joseph Fielding Smith, a volume of some 700 pages, and which is designed to be the text book for the Melchizedek Priesthood quorums and 560 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ihe Priests for the years 1922 and '23; price, $1.50. Order from the Deseret

Book Company, Salt Lake City, Utah.

It is very desirable that this text should be placed in the hands of as many of the students in the various Priesthood quorums as possible; and

furthermore, it is quite necessary that all the quorums should begin the study of this work at the time designated, so that as far as possible, there may be a uniformity in the study of the quorums for this and next year.

Please also note that a guide of 80 pages has been prepared for the teachers and students, covering the two years'lessons. This may also be

obtained from the Deseret Book Company, Salt Lake City, price 15c for single copy, or $1.50 per dozen.

Kindly call the attention of the members of the Priesthood to these facts at your next Priesthood meeting, and urge the adoption of this text for all the members of the Higher Priesthood and the Priests'quorums!, to

begin January 1, 1922, or now, where the study hasn't been taken up. The

text is very interesting. Besides giving the high points in Church history,

it is a guide in the development of the doctrines of the Church, with which, of course, all the members of the Priesthood should be thoroughly familiar, as well as with the essentials in Church history.

Wishing you abundant success in your labors,

Sincerely your friend and brother,

Rudger Clawson, Chairman.

In behalf of the Committee on Courses of Study for the Priesthood Quorums.

Salt Lake City, Utah, March 8, 1922

Changes ]in Ward and Stake Officers during February, 1922: New Stake

Presidents.—South Sanpete stake, Lewis R. Anderson, President; Jacob B.

Jacobson, First Counselor, and John N. Dorius, Second Counselor. New

Wards and Bishops.—Millard stake, McCornick branch organized into a

ward, Brigham 6th ward, Box Elder stake, E. N. Tyson, address Brigham

City, Utah. New Bishops, etc.—Arbon ward, Curlew stake, David J. Bowen,

released; Graham ward, St. Joseph stake, Robert Reed succeeded Francis

H. Skinner, address Safford, Arizona; Emery ward, St. Joseph stake, Edward W. Black, succeeded James N. Holyoak, address Geronimo, Arizona;

Paradise ward, Hyrum stake, Orvil L. Lee, succeeded Peter O. Hansen,

address same; Manti South ward, South Sanpete stake, Ernest Madsen,

succeeded Jacob B. Jacobsen, address same; TwelfthThirteenth ward,

Ensign stake, Heber K. Aldous, succeeded Franklin B. Piatt, address, 1046

So. 10th East, City; Twentyseventh ward, Ensign stake, Joel Richards, succeeded James Maxwell, address, 177 S Street, City; Lanark ward, Bear

Lake stake, Ernest D. Hymas, succeeded Frederick W. Passey, deceased, address Ovid R. D. No. 1, Idaho; Cedarville ward, Franklin stake, James P.

Rasmussen, succeeded Rasmus Nelson, address, "Weston R. F. D. No. 1,

Idaho; Marion ward, Garfield stake, Daniel Day, succeeded Lawrence Gates,

address Antimony, Utah; Fremont ward, Wayne stake, Robert A. Taylor,

succeeded James C. Taylor, address, Fremont, Utah.

M. I. A. Summer Work

The M. I. A. summer program will be ready for distribution at the

special M. I. A. Officers'meeting which will be held on Sunday 8:30 a. m.,

at the April conference.

For those associations which continue the regular weekly meetings during the summer months an attractive program has been prepared, covering 16 lessons for the months of June, July, August and September.

These lessons are based on A Brief History of the Church, by Elder Edward

H. Anderson, which can be bought for 25c either from the Deseret Book

Company or the Bureau of Information. For those who are making a

more thorough study of Church history, this brief consideration will serve as a splendid introduction or as a review, rather than a duplication.

For the four joint sessions, the Fast Sunday evenings of June, July,

August and September, there are these subjects: "Sources of Joy,"for

June, based on the present interesting lessons in the Advanced Senior Department. In July, a patriotic program is to be given, in which the Boy

Scouts and the BeeHive girls are given especial opportunity to participate.

The subject for August is, "Meaning of Prayer,"and for September, "How we may strengthen the influence of the M. I. A. in our community,"which

will be excellent preparation for the regular work beginning in October.

All these programs will be given in detail in the circular, including instrumental and vocal numbers.

The Special Summer Activities comprise seven events: First, "Messages from the June Conference,"through which the spirit and the most

important instructions and information of the June conference will reach the M. I. A. membership throughout the entire Church; second, a recreational gathering in June in the nature of an entertainment or reception

to be given by the young ladies in honor of the young men, either as a ward or stake affair; third, in July, a great, Patriotic Demonstration in

which it is hoped the entire community will participate; if there is no

public flag pole in the community, it is hoped that one will be provided as a part of this celebration; fourth, during August, the youNg men are to

entertain the young ladies; this may be some such outofwdoor affair as

a picnic or lawn fete; fifth, in September, "The Day of the Swarm"and

"The Day of the Troop,"(See Hand Book for Scoutmasters, chapter 13, page 319); and, sixth and seventh, Fathers and Sons'Outing, and a Mothers

and Daughters'Day, for each of which a detailed program will be furnished. (See outing program in this number of Era, pp. 54260.)

All the above summer activities are to be prepared, assigned and carried out under the supervision of the M. I. A. officers. Early preparation

should be made and every possible detail looked after that each feature in the above program may have full success. These activities will help hold

the organization together so that it may function as a real, live association during the entire year, and will add much to the success of the regular work of the winter season.

.

Y. M. M. L A. EFFICIENCY REPORT, FEBRUARY, 1922

o (O <* 10 u 84 a *?* a o "3! 8,u

STAKES o o uW 53 sag CI U CM—55S

Alpine 10 10 8 9 7 7 9 10 9 Bear River 6 7 4 6 8 7 10 9 5 Beaver 10 8 5 8 7 7 8 5 10 Benson... 10 10 9 10 9 10 10 10 8

Box Elder 6 10 9 10 10 9 10 9 8

Cache 10 9 9 10 8 5 10 10 10 Carbon 6 7 6 5 10 10 6 5 6 Cottonwood... 6 8 9 7 9 9 8 9 6

Deseret 5 5 4 5 9 7 9 5 4 Emery 7 6 3 5 8 4 8 5 4 Garfield 10 10 3 5 5 8 10 5 5 Granite 8 10 10 6 6 6 8 10 7 Hyrum 9 10 8 10 10 10 10 10 5 Juab 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10

Kanab 10 10 8 10 10 7 10 9 10 Liberty 10 10 10 10 9 9 10 10 9

Logan 7 10 10 8 8 7 9 10 7 Millard 9 2 8 8 9 6 10 8....

Nebo..... 9 10 8 10 6 6 9 8

North Sanpete 10 8 4 7 6 8 8 8 4

North Sevier... 4 5 5 5 10 5 8 5

North Weber... 8 7 6 8 8 7 9 10 7

Ogden... 9 8 10 9 10 9 9 10 10 10

Panguitch 10 10 8 2 3 8 4 8 8 5

Parowan 4 3 2 3 3 3 4 2 7 3 Pioneer 3 5 10 10 8 8 9 9 7 Roosevelt 10 10 9 10 10 10 10 10 9

St. George 10 10 5 7 7 4 5 7 6

Salt Lake 9 6 10 8 10 10 9 9 10 8

San Juan 10 10 5 5 7 6 3 8 10 8

Sevier 10 8 10 8 10 9 8 9 10 8

South Sevier 7 10 10 10 9 9 4 10 8 2

South Sanpete 9 5 7 5 8 8 4 8 5 6

Summit 10 4 10 7 9 8 6 8 4 Tintic 10 8 10 8 8 6 2 10 8 6 Tooele 8 7 4 1 6 2 4 8 6 3 Uintah 10 9 10 5 9 7 7 9 9 6 Utah 9 9 9 8 9 9 9 9 10 8 Wasatch 10 5 8 4 6 9 8 8 9 6 Wayne 10 5 3 5 6 5 8..... 3

Bear Lake 8 4 8 8 8 9 9 5 Bingham 10 8 8 4 10 5 6 10 5 5

Blackfoot 10 9 10 7 10 10 10 10 10 5

Boise 10 6 9 5 10 7 4 10 10 5 Cassia 10 6 10 9 10 9 9 10 10 9

Curlew 10 8 5 5 8 8 10 10 8 5 Franklin 10 6 10 10 10 10 6 10 10 5

Fremont 10 9 10 10 10 10 9 10 9 8

Idaho 10 10 8 6 8 6 7 8 6 Lost River 10 10 10 2 10 10 8 10 7

Montpelier.... 10 5 8 6 5 8 8 7 6

Pooatello 10 8 9 7 9 8 9 10 6 Y. M. M. I. A. EFFICIENCY REPORT, FEBRUARY, 1922

Ward a a 43 J aB STAKES IS Officers'Meetings E 1 cHu. o o <H O 3* a1bo E a.9-. B k

a!/} 55 |sV w fa 32 2 ke *w OH

s O ">'.> At,—c/)

Portneuf... 10 10 7 5 6 10 5 10 5 69

Raft River 10 8 7 7 10 7 9 3 4 65

Rigby - s S Q 9 3 6 5 7 9 1 57

Shelley 10 8 9 6 10 10 10 10 10 9 92

Teton 10 8 9 2 6 9 8 9 9 5 75 Twin Falls 5 5 10 9 10 8 8 10 3 8 76

Yellowstone 10 10 10 8 8 10 10 10 10 9 95

Maricopa 10 9 10 6 10 10 7 10 9 9 90

St. Joseph 10 5 8 6 10 7 5 10 6 8 75

Big Horn 10 9 10 9 10 9 6 9 10 9 91

Woodruff 7 10 10 3 10 7 5 8 5 5 70

San Luis 10 10 10 5 7 10 5 8 10 6 81

Young 10 3 2 2 6 3 4 2 32 Alberta 10 6 7 1 7 6 4 8 7 5 61 10 9 10 10 8 10 9 10 10 10 96 Union (Ore.) 10 10 10 10 10 1 10 5 10 82

Juarez (Mex.) 10 10 10 10 10 8 7 10 8 10 93

Remarks Thanks to the 69 stakes that responded to the call for reports for

February. Let us all finish the job for March by April 10, so that we may

have a complete report for that month. There were the following 17

stakes unreported for February: Duchesne, Ensign, Jordan, Morgan, North

Davis, South Davis, Weber, Bannock, Blaine, Burley, Malad, Oneida, St.

Johns, Snowflake, Star Valley, Moapa and Lethbridge. Fortyseven stakes

out of the 69 reporting gained in points during February over January, while 22 stakes lost in points.

Y. M. M. I. A. STATISTICAL REPORT FOR FEBRUARY, 1922

00 Vbo E V s m bo e V 2 2 C o 11.2 =o7 u-C z o 1* c STAKES 3E > u S T3 o c O 3:.sehi<HOH.2sn li <HOH ill

(A <aG w w V < < 3z Alpine 899 18 18 318 181 433 932 194 107 296 597

Bear River 509 13 13 326 132 171 629 170 74 101 345

Beaver 287 7 6 89 90 60 239 54 63 61 i;8

760 13 13 258 332 342 932 171 232 238 641

Box Elder 770 13 13 369 248 300 917 223 148 183 554 520 8 8 150 215 260 625 67 135 209 411 360 9 6 86 98 108 292 52 98 68 218

Cottonwood 740 12 12 226 293 337 856 112 138 204 454

Deseret 398 10 7 213 106 136 455 80 80 83 243

Emery 555 9 9 65 204 212 481 39 121 131 291

Garfield 271 8 4 27 172 89 288 14 13b 63 212

Granite 1722 16 16 238 391 627 1346 183 212 428 823

Hyrum 500 10 10 198 166 201 565 113 98 90 301 352 5 5 175 106 162 443 120 75 12b 320

Kanab 210 7 7 124 63 86 273 77 43 64 184

Liberty 1040 11 10 403 280 420 1103 292 214 288 794

Y. M. M. I. A. STATISTICAL REPORT FOR FEBRUARY, 1922

un! bo u l> a u 3

STAKES.2 B.SB! cd.2 2 i!

B S<-2; u c S3 > t) V o 11 2 "1 cw JO'S& gas W w B<!

Logan 610 11 11 193 215 252 660 76 107 164

Millard 338 6 6 106 138 105 349 45 78 63

Nebo 912 14 14 248 241 320 809 157 154 184

North Sanpete 802 13 6 77 110 130 317 47 52 72

North Sevier.. 272 5 3 78 50 50 178 36 33 30

North Weber.. 626 16 14 107 221 194 522 66 114 105

Ogden 682 11 11 221 184 210 615 185 145 180

Panguitch 283 6 5 91 97 85 273 46 41 49

Parowan 487 9 4 105 83 69 257 65 57 46

Pioneer 933 14 5 101 94 136 331 41 48 72

Roosevelt 325 10 10 101 124 136 361 70 87 86

St. George 634 15 11 207 382 291 880 121 239 208

Salt Lake 1026 12 12 290 245 371 906 168 154 216

San Juan 250 4 4 73 87 101 261 55 65 56

Sevier 360 6 6 115 164 163 442 70 96 106

South Sevier.. 300 8 8 42 45 41 128 26 30 26

South Sanpete 752 10 10 163 290 202 655 84 182 116

Summit 210 12 8 30 167 140 337 5 73 45

Tintic 220 5 5 48 55 100 203 29 28 49

Tooele 455 9 8 85 95 145 325 60 65 100

Uintah 409 9 9 114 140 159 413 65 81 93

Utah 1399 20 20 323 340 456 1119 290 306 409

Wasatch 375 9 9 144 101 153 398 74 60 82

Wayne 201 6 5 18 111 70 199 6 52 38

Bear Lake 284 11 9 155 136 154 445 62 58 91

Bingham 564 14 290 155 222 667 160 103 138

Blackfoot 474 9 237 118 134 489 124 75 85

Boise 280 8 81 119 95 295 53 67 59

Cassia 181 6 108 64 77 249 50 29 30

Curlew 147 10 18 100 61 179 4 56 28

Franklin 137 10 201 162 1591 522 124 103 88

Fremont 655 13 296 223 328 I 847 170 144 182

Idaho 218 12 129 88 85 J 302 78 70 48

Lost River 153 8 75 87 58 | 220 54 58 49

Montpelier.... 392 11 156 182 155| 493 59 81 92

Pocatello 389 10 167 112 173 452 75 76 91

Portneuf 300 12 33 184 115| 332 18 121 102

Raft River 160 9 139 66 74 279 66 41 47

Rigby 550 16 141 35 125| 301 74 19i 56

Shelley 349 8 190 119 1271 436 99 69! 74

Teton 308 7 105 139 65 I 309 57 77 46

Twin Falls 182 5 78 24 24 126 44 14 19

Yellowstone 228 8 117 59 93 | 269 74 59 63

Maricopa 368 8 196 143 144 483 114 86 85

St. Joseph 600 15 104 252 265 621 46 120 156

Big Horn 289 6 118 132 85 335 74 73 61

Woodruff 425 9 112 77 297 486 86 60 70

San Luis 200 4 91 62 61 214 64 28 52

Young 99 5 39 30 35 104 6 4 6 Alberta 345 11 184 202 151 537 114 116 94

Taylor 325 5 165 175 117 457 93 104 75

Union (Ore.).. 148 5 103 29 41 173 65 19 38

Juarez (Mex.) 135 5 25 37 43 105 20 25 35

Dr. Hubert Work took the oath of office as U. S. postmaster general,

March 4, succeeding Wm. H. Hays.

The Nineteenth amendment to the constitution was declared constitutional by the supreme court, Feb. 27. It is the woman suffrage amendment.

Mrs. Eleanor R. Moore, a former resident of Provo, died in Salt Lake

City, March 1. She was born at Quincy, 111., Aug. 26, 1838, and came to

Utah in 1848.

The airship "Roma"exploded, Feb. 21, during a trial trip near the naval

base at Norfolk, Fla. The ship was built in Italy. There were over fifty

persons on board.

Mrs. Martha Day died at her home n Richmond, Idaho., Feb. 15. She

was born in M souri, March 12, 1831, and was personally acquainted with the Prophet Joseph.

The first issue of the Free State, the official organ of the new Irish commonwealth, appeared Feb. 25. Its Irish name is An Saorstat. It is a

weekly, published at Dublin.

A crime commission filed articles of incorporation with the secretary of state, Sacramento, Cal., March 8. Its purpose is to combat organized

crime in southern California.

Pope Pius XI was crowned in the basilika of St. Peters, Feb. 12, in

the presence of 60,000 persons. Cardinal Lega, in the absence of Cardinal

Bristate, placed the tiara on his head.

The first German liner, since 1914, arrived in New York, Feb. 26. It

was the North German Lloyd steamer Seydlitz. It flew the black, white,

and red flag and carried 117 passengers.

Food shortage in Michigan v as feared in many districts, March 1, owing to the interruption of communication by huge snowdrifts. Relief

was sent by airplains from Grand Rapids.

An AntiAmerican resolution was passed, Feb. 13, by the Ministerial

Association at Syracuse, N. Y., demanding that the Mayor refuse to permit "Mormon"missionaries to preach in that city.

The severest blizzard of the season was experienced in the intermountain region, Feb. 27. In Salt Lake City the temperature fell 30 degrees

and the wind was blowing from 37 to 50 miles an hour.

Ten million dollars for schools was the expenditure of the state of

Utah during the year ending June 30, 1921. The exact figures are $10,-

768,859.26, as compared to $8,353,534.15.he preceding year.

The soldiers'bonus bill, carrying a bank loan provision instead of a 568 IMPROVEMENT ERA

sales tax clause was introduced in the house of representatives, March 7, by Chairman Fordney, of the Ways and Means committee.

Judge K. M. Landis, Chicago, announced his resignation, Feb. 18. He

will devote his time to baseball. Some time ago he accepted the position of baseball commissioner at a salary of $50,000 a year.

British protectorate over Egypt is terminated, according to an announcement made by Lloyd George in the house of commons, Feb. 28.

Egypt will be free to work out her own national aspirations.

The cost of the public schools in Utah for 1920-1, was $82.54 per capita

of school population as shown by statistics published March 8. This is an

increase of $17.71 per capita from the cost the preceding year.

Thomas Carlos died at his home at Kaysville, Davis Co., Feb. 22, after

a long illness. He was born in Lancashire, England, in 1833, and came to

Utah in 1849. He was one of the earliest settlers in North Davis Co.

The cost of the government of the State of Utah for the fiscal year ending Nov. 30, 1920, was, according the census figures, $9,793,465 or $21.64

per capita while the total receipts were $7,233,506, or $15.98 per capita.

Princess Mary was married to Viscount Lascelles, Feb. 28, with all

pomp and dignity usual on the occasion of royal weddings. The bride is

the only daughter of King George and Queen Mary, the British sovereigns.

The first woman in the house of lords of the British parliament will be Lady Rhonda, whose petition for a seat in that body was granted by the committee on privileges, March 2. Lady Asquith was the first woman in

the house of commons.

Kuklux Klan letters have been received by half a dozen residents of

Salt Lake City, threatening a coat of tar, according to a report published

March 9. An investigation was started by agents of the department of

justice and post office inspectors.

Wealth in corn cobs, according to a statement made by Elton R. Darling, professor of chemistry at the Milliken university, Decatur, Illinois.

They can be made into syrup, cattle feed, motion picture films, soundproofing, or the base for nitroglycerine.

Jethro Whitney died of pneumonia, March 5, at the home of his daughter, Mrs. Olive Daly, Salt Lake City, at the age of 73 years. He was

the youngest son of Bishop Newel K. "Whitney, born at Winter Quarters,

May 8, 1848. He has four daughters and three sisters living.

Appointments for the naval service have been made, as announced Feb.

11, by Senator m. H. King, as follows: John K. Wells, Salt Lake City,

a son of former Governor Heber M. Wells, and Hugh Sidney Beatie, also

of Salt Lake City, to the U. S. naval academy at Annapolis, Maryland.

Dr. Robert S. Joyce, of Ogden, died Feb. 21, at the Dee hospital. For

several years he has been chief division surgeon for the Southern, and

Union Pacific railroads, and for the Oregon Short Line, Denver & Rio

Grande, the UtahIdaho Central, and the Utah Rapid Transit company.

Senator Smoot was honored, Feb. 21, by being selected as a member

of the commission that will handle the refunding of the debt of the Allies to the United States. The other members of the commission are SeqrePASSING EVENTS 569

tary Mellon, Secretary Hughes, Secretary Hoover, and Representative

Burton.

Greek approach tj Rome. Fuv the first time in 1000 years, representatives of the Greek Orthodox church in Constantinople have acknowledged

a representative of the Roman Catholic church. This information was

sent to Pope Pius by Monsignor Dolci, apostolic delegate in Turkey,

Feb. 14.

Mt. Vesuvius was reported in eruption March 5. The phenomenon

began with two shocks of earthquake, followed by the collapse of the eruptive cone inside the crater. Liquid lava poured out and covered a

wide area. The temperature of the molten mass was 2,000 degrees

Fahrenheit.

The first trainload of corn for faminestricken Russia, bought with money appropriated by the U. S. congress, reached Tsaritsyn, Saratov,

Feb. 25. Twentyfive trains were at that time moving from Novorosaysk,

on the Black Sea, toward the interior. Eight ships had arrived at Black

Sea ports since Feb. 6.

"The Brigham Young University, by winning the state championship in debating and basketball, exhibited a proper correlation between the intellectual and physical activities,"writes a correspondent. "The B. Y. U.

won first place, the U. of U.. second place, anJ the U. A. C. third place in

both forms of activity."

Senator Smoot is eligible to serve as a member of the allied debt funding commission, although he is a U. S. senator. That was the decision of

Attorney General Daugherty, rendered March 8, who was asked for an opinion, by President Harding. The same decision holds good in the case

of Representative Burton of Ohio.

Wives and cluldren of ministers are immune from the immigration quota law, according to a ruling, March 4, by Judge Mack, New York. As

a consequence, Mrs. Gottlieb, wife of Rabbi Gottlieb, and their infant

son were released from the custody of the immigration authorities who had detained them since their arrival from Palestine.

A campaign against the Darwinian evolution tlieory has been started by the Rev. Dr. John Roach Straton, New York, who demands the exclusion from the schools of text books supporting that theory. A majority

of the men in the science department of St. Stephens College (Episcopal)

thin that one can be a Christian and yet believe in the D rwin theory.

A dynamite explosion in Chicago, Feb. 24, caused a damage of $1,000,-

000 in that city and suburbs. Thirty tons of dynamite went off at a stone

quarry southeast of the city. The following day an officer who was guarding the damaged Summit State bank building at Argo, 111., was shot at

and wounded in the head.

Mt. Rainier was climbed for the first time, Feb. 13, by Jean and Jacques

Landry and Jacques Bergues, mountaineers, and Charles Perryman, a motion picture camera operator. The quartet left on their final dash from

Anvil Rock, their base,!.0,000 feet high, at 4 o'clock a. m. They returned

fifteen and onejhalf hours later, exhausted and numbed by the chilling

Arctic winds.

Mrs. Catherine Curtis Spencer Young, widow of the late Apostle

Brigham Young, Jr., died Feb. 19 at the home of her daughter, Mrs. J.

Rogers. She was nearly 86 years of age, having been born in Middlefield, Mass., October 2, 1836. Mrs. Young came to Salt Lake in 1848 and

570 IMPROVEMENT ERA

has lived here since that time. She was the mother of eleven children,

nine of whom survive her.

Chief Wanroades, a Ute Indian, died at Mountain Home, Feb. 17, at

the age of 104 years. He was born near the present site of Heber City and,

as a young man, met the Utah pioneers as they entered Salt Lake Valley.

He was baptized and set apart as a chief by President Brigham Young.

He was buried in Navajo blankets of rare designs, and pistol, knife, cartridge belt, etc., were placed in the casket.

One hundred and eighteen years was the age of Mrs. John Whalen, a

member of the Chippewa tribe, whose Indian name was Wahsaya Ogebayanqu and who died in her 119th year at her home on Sugar Island, near

Sault St. Marie, Mich., March 4, within a few yards of the rude hut in

which she was born in 1803. Mrs. Whalen had never been more than

100 miles from home, although she was very active until four or five years ago.

The United States will not be represented at Genoa), where the

European powers will meet, April 10, if the present program is carried out.

Secretary Hughes, in a note to Signor Vittorio Rolando Ricci, Italian ambassador in Washington, declined the invitation, March 8, ostensibly for the reason that questions had been excluded from the agenda, the settlement of which were essential to the amelioration of European conditions.

A new political party will, it is expected, grow out of a meeting held at Chicago, Feb. 20, of representatives of farmers, labor union leaders,

and clergymen. Some of the delegates were members of the Socialist and

Farmerlabor parties. The meeting was called for the purpose of discussing ways and means of getting men and women of the working class

into the legislative halls of the country. The new party, it is predicted,

will be in the field in 1924.

"Deseret"was assailed recently by a mob and all the windows in the building were broken, according to word received in Ogden from President Orson F. Whitney, of the European mission, and published March 8.

"Deseret"is the mission headquarters in London, where thousands of

Londoners found a welcome refuge during the murderous air raids of the war. The "yellow"press hopes to induce the government to expel the missionaries, by inciting the mob to riots.

The Eleventh Annual Hike to the top of Mt. Timpanogos, which will

take place some time late in July has been arranged for by the Brigham

Young University. By that time, the new government trail, which was

begun last fall at Aspen Grove, will be completed to the summit, making it possible for hikers of ordinary strength to make the climb to the top of Utah's famous mountain. When the new trail on the Aspen Grove side

is connected with the Community Flat trail, a hiker of ordinary ability can make the trip completely over the great mountain in a single day.

The Y Winter Walkers, a club organized at the Brigham Young University to foster winter sports, made a trip to Vivian Park, Provo Canyon, recently. Mr. Joseph T. Hazard, famoub Mt. Ranier guide and member

of the Mountaineers'Club of Seattle, was the special guest. Director E.

L. Roberts, of the Physical Education Department of the University, an

enthusiastic outdoor man, encouraged the trip, hoping that it would be the beginning of a long line of annual winter cutings. The excursion

proved beyond doubt that winter sports can be made as interesting and healthful as those of summer.

PASSING EVENTS 571

P. W. Madsen died suddenly at Stockton, Cal., Feb. 23. He was a

native of Fredericia, Denmark, born, Nov. 4, 1852, and, after having joined

the Church came to Salt Lake City in 1875. For many years he has been

prominent as a successful business man and as the head of the "Western

Loan and Building Company he became wellknown throughout the intermountain states. Mr. Madsen leaves his widow, Elise Christine Larsen

Madsen, also a native of Denmark, who came to Utah the same time as he, and to whom he was united in marriage in Salt Lake City, August 2, 1875;

also four sons and three daughters, and twentyone grandchildren.

The permanent Court of International Justice held its inaugural session in the Peace Palace at The Hague, Feb. 15. The representative of the

United States is John Bassel Moore, and the others present in The Hague for the meeting are: The president, or chief justice, Bernard Cornelius

Johannes Loder, Holland; Dr. Raffael Altamira Crevea, Spain; Commandatore Dionisic Anzilotti, Italy; Viscount Robert Finlay, Great Britain;

Dr. Max Huber, Switzerland; Didrik Nyholm, Denmark; Dr. Yorozu Oda,

Japan, and Dr. Andre Weiss, France. The other two judges, Dr. Ruy

Barbaso of Brazil and Dr. Antonio S. de Bustamente of Cuba, were unable to attend.

Peter Andrew Lofgreen, former bishop of St. David, Arizona, for

twenty years, and a patriarch for a number ot years, died at his home in

St. David, Arizona, March 6, 1922. He was born in Billeberga, Sweden,

January, 1847. He came to Utah in 1862 and returned later to St. Louis,

where he was connected with the Globe Democrat, and where he also made a study of medicine. Ho lived there for about ten years when he

returned to Huntsville, Utah, and in the fall of 1883, went to Arizona, where he has resided ever since. He married Johanna Antoinette Sandberg, and with her had four children. She died and he married Zipporah

Nielsen, in 1880, with whom he had thirteen children. He has two sons

and a daughter living in Salt Lake City, one daughter in Montana, one son in Ogden, and one daughter in southern Utah, all the others residing in Arizona. He has had 56 grandchildren, 50 of whom are living. He

has been a leading character in St. David for many years, having acted

as postmaster, and in other responsible positions. He was an active

worker in the Church, and was well and favorably known for his kindness to the sick and for his integrity as a father and a worker among the people.

Notice to Officers Y. M. M. I. A.

The Advanced Senior classes will continue their work for April and

May, the text being printed in the Era and Journal. The Senior classes,

where desired, are permitted to form joint classes, and for those two months, study "Gospel Fundamentals,"as printed in the March Era and

Journal. Outlines for summer work beginning with June are prepared

in a circular, and are noted further in this number of the Era. Annual report blanks will be sent out to the officers in ample time for return early

in May, for the annual report, and we expect a complete annual report from every stake in the Church. Superintendents and secretaries will please be

prompt in this matter.

The special activity for April is a Musical Festival. We trust that

all the wards of the various stakes are prepared to give this exercise. We

should like to see this part of the special activities program faithfully carried out in all the wards.

jiiuiiiiiiitiuiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiitHiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit iiiiiiiiiiiiiniiitiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiuiiiiiiMMriiiiriiiiiiiititiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiitiiiiiiiiiiiMiiMlMltiiiiiiliriilt

Fire Is No Respecter of Persons

You may wait 'til tomorrow to insure but the fire may not "See our agent in your town"UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

| HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents Salt Lake City, Utah

T> i 1 1 1 r 1 1 1 > 1 1 I i 1 1 1 i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 I ] 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 ) 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i i [ 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i e >, 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 t > j 1 1 1 1 1 > 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 n 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 mum iiiliiiiiiilllllllllllllllllllfr

Improvement Era, April, 1922 Two Dollars per Annum Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter

Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of

October 3, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918

Address Room 406 Church Office Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

Heber J. Grant, ) Edward H. Anderson, Business Mgr.

Edward H. Anderson, \ Editors Moroni Snow, Assistant

"The Wilderness and the Solitary Place Shall be

Glad"Frontispiece The Man Who Does his Best. A Poem Annie D. Palmer 477

John Antoine—An Appreciation Fred Warner Shibley:.... 479

Preparation for Religious Teaching Dr. L. E. Cowles 484

The Agricultural Situation Reviewed from a Little

Different Angle... P. V. Cordon 493

On the Trail to Cow Camp. A Story David Horatio Morgan 499

Obedience to a Simple Commandment Prof. George Gardner 505

Origin of the Maoris John Q. Adams 507

Optimism. A Poem Dorothy C. Retsloff 508

Life is What We Make It—I Thomas L. Martin, Ph. D 509

Culture Brings the Best A. G. Hubbard 510

No Life Without the Sacrament Joseph S. Peery 511

Lest We Forget—VII Dr. Seymour B. Young. 512

At Dawning. A Poem Linda S. Fletcher 518

A Mistake. A Story William Henry Peterson 519

Historical Society and Finds JJjrum Kay 521

Expressions. A Poem Joseph Longking Townsend.... 522

The Sweetest Philosophy on Earth A Father 523

Father and Son. A Poem May W. Berry 525

Night Song. Set to Music Ida H. White 526

Irrigation and Soil—I J. E. Greaves 527

Sources of Joy and Factors of Happiness—XXIIXXIV Dr. George H. Brimhall 529

Spring. A Poem Theodore E. Curtis 538

What the Marriage Covenant Means Alonzo Y. Pond 539

State Champions in Basket BaU. Illustrated 541

Fathers and Sons'Outing, 1922. Illustrated. 542

Who Loves. A Poem Bergeta Jesperson 550

. 551Editors'Table—Integrity and Industry

Messages from the Missions - 552

Priesthood Quorums'Table 559 Mutual Work 561 Passing Events 567 is a book that will HEREhelp make your boy's dreams come true, and inspire him with dreams that are high and worthy. In it 160

of the world's foremost men give the key to their achievement. Stories of great accomplishment told in their very own

words. Boys thrill over it

warm to it—read it from cover

to cover. $1.25

10c extra for postage.

Order a copy today.

Deseret Book Company 44 E. So. Temple

Salt Lake City, Utah

THE PROPER INSTRUMENT

for YOUNG MEN The BEUSCHER TRUETONE SAXAPHONE Absolutely The WorUPs Best

The Most Popular Instrument of the day

Easy to Play Easy to Pay

Write for Catalogue

JOSEPHJ&AYVZS UVPRKSIDBtT CAPITAL'500,0)0.00

-OLDER THAN THE STATE OP UTAH

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Ask Your Dealer for Z. C. M. J. Factory Made

Western Scout Shoes Made of solid leather throughout. Comfortable, to wear—have

a good to give satisfaction appearance—guaranteed

FOR THE MINER FOR THE LABORER FOR THE FARMER FOR THE MECHANIC

Or any other man whose work demands strong, serviceable shoes

We make them in'three grades of elk leather, and also in a split leather, with and without chrome soles—in

chocolate, pearl, black.

Is Your Life Insurance Beneficial?

The very best there is in Life Insurance issued by

The Big Home Company You need Our Insurance - We want Your Business

Beneficial Life Insurance Co.

r. H.ber J. Grant, Pre*. STILT LUKE Lorenzo N. Stohl.V.Pres. &. Mf

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT BRA