Jmprovemen A&

MAY, 1931 RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED

What of Russia?

By DR. THOMAS L. MARTIN

&S&Q)

A Modern Thomas By ROSABEL H. ASHTON

Monarch of Mutual Basketball By LES GOATES

Making Economic

Fur Fly By PROF. FRANK R. ARNOLD

THE JOY OF MOTHERHOOD

Automatic HOT WATER service one of the modern conveniences which is best provided by Natural Gas!

No home can be called really modern unless it has of the household conveniences which Natural Gas modern hot water facilities. This means hot water provides better than any other fuel. Cooking,

that is instantly available, at a turn of the tap, at househeating, automatic refrigeration, sanitary any hour of the day or incineration, as well as night. And it can be had waterheating, become suat surprisingly low cost premely dependable, timewith an automatic Natural saving and economical with

Gas water heater. No Natural Gas. Use this

other fuel provides hot fuel for all these services water service so dependand take advantage of the ably, so conveniently, so wholesale rate. Ask for

economically as Natural Fire the furnace from your easy chair! For complete details at your

Gas. Yet this is just one heating,refrigerationcooking,and sanitarywaterheating,incineration.automatic.,. nearest Natural Gas office.

* V/ Dops it Ftest UTAH GAS 6*COKE CO. WASATCH GAS CO.

Serving Salt Lake City SerVIKAYsviaE layton farminston

MAGNA CENTERVILLE BOUNTIFUL MURRAY 6ARFIELD TOOELE GASCOMPANY OGDEN SANDY MORGAN M1DVALE Ogdec. Serving

The Improvement Era for May, 1931 377 pORECAST rTt HE Church is meeting the chal- A lenge of the tobacco interests. /hemprovemen't

All its agencies are uniting in an Melvin J. Ballard IE* ll/flP Clarissa A. Beesley

appeal to its members to resist the Business Manager Associate Business Manager insidious efforts of the enemy to O. B. Peterson, Ass't. Business Manager

lead them into a habit which will George Q. Morris

weaken them physically and morRachel Grant Taylor ally. The lead article in our June Chairmen Era and Publicity

issue will be taken from a sermon delivered recently by President Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Mutual Improvement

Heber J. Grant in which tobacco is Associations and the Schools of the Church of Jesus Christ

indicted, as shown by quotations of Latterday Saints from some of the more successful men of the country. CONTENTS

OEEING Hawaii from the Sky is Editorials—

the title of an excellent article Message from the First Presidency 379 from the pen of George D. Pyper, A Notable Conference Hugh J. Cannon 379

. Elsie T. Brandley 380 of the General Superintendency of Memorial Day

Sunday Schools. Elder Pyper, Special Offer 380

while visiting Hawaii recently, jokWhat of Russia? Dr. Thomas L. Martin 381

Facing Life—IV 385 ingly suggested a journey by air. Additional Internal Evidence of Morfor the Authenticity of the Book taken seriously was He as one and Isaac mon Ball B. 387

of the results of his experiences, Monarch of Mutual Basketball Les Goates 3 90 has furnished us a graphic descripJoseph Modern American Prophet Henry John 93 Evans 3 Smith—A tion of his flight over that delightMaking Economic Prof. Fur Fly 3 Frank R. Arnold 96

ful country. He Knew the "Rocket"and "Puffin Billy"Dr. Lotvry Nelson 398

The Young Seer (A Poem) Anna Musser 399

IT HE Priesthood department for Tomorrow Mrs Nestor Noel 400

June will have additional inAdvice to Parents Pres. Heber J. Grant 401

formation regarding the newly inGlancing Through (Brief Review of Outstanding Magazines) augurated movement for the superElsie T. Brandley 402

vision of boys of Lesser Priesthood Expatriation (Conclusion) Hugh J. Cannon 406

age. Every agency in the Church A Modern Thomas (A Short Story) Rosabel H. Ashton 409

is cooperating in an effort to preFoods for Health Adah R. Naylor 413

to pare of today the boys bear m Poetry Boy of Mine, Bertha A. Kleinman 4 1 the responsi- a creditable manner

bilities which will fall on the men My Prayer for You Bertha A. Kleinman

of tomorrow. I'd Like to Leave Behind Me Ida R. Alldredge

Baby's Hand Jessie Miller Robinson

Song to Your Coming Ardyth Kennelly "DERILS Encountered by Early Lilactime Gladys Ann Wagstaff

Trappers,"by Carter E. Grant, Vision Edith Cherrington

is a continuation of the interesting Miracle Christie Lund articles which have appeared from My Queen of the Flowers Joseph Longking Townsend time to time in these columns. Church Music Committee 415

The author has a vast store of Priesthood Quorums 416 knowledge on the subject of the Mutuals Messages early history of the West. Executive Department 418

—a*< j va—Community Activity Department 419

A SKETCH of the life of PresiAdultPublicityDepartmentDepartment. 421420

** dent Rey L. Pratt, of the First Gleaner Girls Department 421

Council of Seventy, and president Junior Girls Department 422 of the Mexican mission, who died VanguardsScouts Department 423

April 14, will appear in the June BeeHive Girls Department 424 number. The May number was February M. I, A. Report of Accomplishment 425

already made up at the time of his unexpected demise. Latterday Revelation (Review) Dr. James E. Talmage 427

An Apology for the Book of Mormon 427

The Upward Reach 427 A TOUCHING little story, The Heart of Mormonism (Review) Dr. Joseph F. Merrill 440

** "Fossil Fabric,"by Vilate Index to Advertisers 440

Raile will appear in the next issue.

378 The Improvement Era for May, 1931 tcort <MtsJne/ uimMeMed

in National Local Conand accuracy speed for and Typewriter Companies Royal the and 26 Remington typewriters by awarded have been students aboveThe

City. held in York International in Contest per minute 107 net words 20, New wrote Solbach, Ethel typewriters. No. two each students,tests. won Three

first awarded Typewriter the Royal addition Record. she In as Novice won stands today a World other student and any been equaled by record not hasThis

is best the last This.without error summer. per for words minute 106 writing Typewriter 8, Royal a Jackson, Doris won No. Miss Utah. State ofin the

country. in the records best the school hold students College Business Plan. Henager's S. Royal the the under in Awards U.record made

1 SUMMER TERM STARTS JUNE If possible, arrange to start your course at that time. Special and regular courses

given. By taking advantage of Summer School you will be working three months

sooner and have a better selection of a position. We give a thorough Business Training in the shortest time possible.

Our School Received 367 Calls for Office Help During Last Year.

It Pays to Get the Best in Commercial Training

Time. See Our School in Session—Visitors Welcome Any

Call, Phone or Write for Full Information—Mention "ERA"

Henager's Business College 45 E. Broadway D. B. Moench, Manager Salt Lake City, Utah

The School With a National Reputation

Hugh J. Cannon Elsie Talmage Brandley

Managing Editor Associate Editor

Heber J. Grant, Editor

the largest evening of April not gath4th was on the ever held in this Message from the eringOne wonders whether the Priesthood meeting held of other the Priesthood or any seats dispensation. in very vacant were the There few First Presidency stairs or there Tabernacle, either and up down; was

at all the meetings. attendance the unusual an For

nearly years since one hundred the Lord, is now T first all years general in very authorities time the J many * through Smith, to the Joseph Saints what present, were President been having A. Widtsoe John

is as the of revelation known Word "To called Wisdom—agave to participate to add from and Europe home sent be greeting; not or constraint, by commandment in blessings the the conference. of but by revelation and the Word of Wisdom, showing

forth the order and will of God in the temporal salAs is usual much practical advice was given. out debt, of vation Keep last of all in Saints the for prin- a Guide A

ciple cultivate industry, home promise, with adapted days—givento the capacity the of to the patronize the spirit so that one the and Saints, weakest weak of all may know are be or can who

called Saints."Saints the voice of the true shepherd, pay

The Church has constantly urged its members to tithes and offerings, prepare to carfollow "the will of God"with respect to the use of ry the message of salvation to the world. Inspiratobacco, and, we believe, with gratifying success; tional testimonies were borne that strict obedience to

but never before have the emissaries of the tobacco this advice will bring the blessings of heaven, here interests been so active as now in the endeavor to and hereafter.

fasten the cigaret habit upon our boys and girls. In forceful and unequivocal lanThese words of the revelation, therefore, seem espe- A Rebuke guage President Grant reiterated

cially significant: verily, "Behold, thus saith

Lord unto you: In the to Scandalthequestionstand ofof pluralthe Churchmarriageon andthe consequence of evils designs and

which do and will exist in the hearts of conspiring Mongers severely rebuked those who have men in the last days, I have warned you, and foreentered into illegal relationships as warn you, by giving you this Word of Wisdom by well as those who malign the general authorities by revelation."broadcasting falsehoods concerning their attitude.

In view of the present conditions we feel conHe declared that wherever the officials have been able strained to call upon all Saints to be faithful in obto locate such persons and secure sufficient evidence serving the warning contained in this revelation, that to convict, they have, without fear or favor, been they may enjoy the wonderful promises made by excommunicated from the Church. That of course

the Lord to those who walk in obedience to His comis as far as ecclesiastical authority can go, but the mandments. Church is very willing to have these offenders dealt

We commend the efforts of the Auxiliaries and with by the law of the land.

other agencies in showing the evil effects of the cigaret The appeal of the First Presihabit, and by overcoming these powerful and insidiTobacco dency and that from the heads of auxiliary organizations, printous influences with moral suasion and religious con - an(j the version. ed in this issue/brought the

Prohibilenge of the tobacco interests tochalthe tlon attention of thepeople. Fervent

appeals were made to the youth of the Church to "carry on"in spite of the insidious temptations which confront them.

Likewise the attitude of the Church on prohibition was emphasized. Senator Reed Smoot and Dr.

Richard R. Lyman were particularly vigorous in

their defense of the eighteenth amendment and in

The First Presidency portraying the destructive effect of alcoholic drink.

Perhaps the thing for which the

will Church longest be remerhin the, bered is the declaration remadeA Notahle Conference Famine 101st annual conference of the Land|- peatedly different by speakers that lifted the Joseph and veil was peered Smith A S into there is a in famine the land—not** the future, the he saw Latterday estabSaints a famine for bread, in though places some that existslished in the Rocky Mountains,, a mighty people. The—but a hunger and thirst for Something which will

annual conference just closed was a splendid demonsatisfy the soul. Most of those with this inward

stration of the fulfilment of his prediction. Graving fail to recognize in if a hunger for religion.

380 The Improvement Era for May, 1931

theirs life a happy clear the memories! What but it is How in our theology, interested is not worldThe

"gay a together. the years Many during been a had Through in our achievements. interesteddeeply

wise presentation of these, many can be led to a hour, and many a solemn one, but never one of bitprayerful consideration of the principles and orditerness! She wondered if other people had memories

nances of the Gospel. The organization of Scouts, like hers!

her eye, and caught buttercups of the yellow The Junior and Bee Hive, and Men andVanguards M head. curly golden see Margaret's it she could the above in results is marvelous bringingGleaner Girls

missions. Strange and wonderful that she should have had

which greatgrandmother her gift from such spreading of is means a potent hair—a proving radio The child looked before. out The never cropped had misStates Eastern the in Recently, Gospel.the and she flowers the something loved—dainty thickly popuin broadcast were sermonssion. 212 sugeven could buttercup no and dewy Church. the cost fragile-—butlike to of cent one without centerslated those for affection of wealth gest her overflowing delivered young by prepared and were addressesThese mother's her little about tight arms her. Such about twenty than not more of themmissionaries, some David's little kisses pressed on noisy such neck, and to come invited were they invariably old, but years apparwere charm winsome and babyish cheek! Her

again. ent all the time. Even when Margaret got in the mud

This is a day of warning, but the warning'must she managed to look so rueful that it was impossible not be given negatively. Rather an invitation must to scold her in the face of her evident penitence

things the good partake of and to come extendedbe suspected her of always had although the Woman offers system inspiring this inspired andwhich keenly. affairs far too such to all enjoying

mankind. been the for different, had boy childhood was Dan's a comtaken step toward was A contemplaHis born. he the day was serious from all the agenof coordination plete as asThe solemn flower a a a was or bird or bug tion of care of the for cies of the Church seemed rare smile always scientist, his andLesser that of any twelve of ages the the between boy bestow. to When the gift special power he like had a Priestdes- years. man twenty One and foreit the with be to seemed the joined army, he important the as this ignates mosthood the with back not come he that would knowledge rewas the since Priesthood step in it. little But about said had others, he though Oliver Cowdery andstored Joseph Smith through care of take her good bade he had this garden very J. C. ago. years H. one hundred thanmore

his flowers, always.

And now all three were gone, and it was May memories when again. Memorial Day—her day of

Memorial Day thewarmpresentand sadlyand allsweetof thein futurethe afterglowwere suddenlyof the madepast.

years of the glad memories, her glad she had She was her garden, comin the digging was Woman if pain, of years the of glad even loveliness and ofTHE afternoon the keep to pulled low hat old fortable happifor to required pay price she the was that was loosed she touch loving eyes. her With of out sun to busily to wait to live, and remember, ness. To anxiously peonies and the roots of the soil about the blessedness. full of measure live was again—that assure tips, to their rosy green with buds, the eyed thought the struck with passing, was neighbor, A David's for in time bloom would they that herself sympathy, her express in to go and she that ought

all were buttercups Day. The Decoration on the glimpsing but, it Decoration Day; to so near was to and golden and unseen, and face, turned, she faithful—seeming the of glory grave,right—waxy Woman's and loved them little had Margaret that understand sat the sunset until again. Woman went And away cheerplaced, and smiling to be for them waiting was a horizon, and the mistily still, fixed upon eyes her the pyrethum then ful, tiny mound. And on her even after little smile quivering on her lips. E. T. B. called them, Starflowers, he had for Dan.

he had grown as tall as his father, and past the fancies of little boyhood.

The May day was unusually warm, and for the first time in years the Woman's back ached after she Special Offer old! getting be little while. must She a for benthad I. cooperation in of A. Boards General M. HTHE and comgray turning fher age were people Other -* a offer City, Salt of Lake Daniels Sarah with it had but ailments, somehow of minor plaining article approximately of best for the prize of $25.00 her from change that she would her never on dawned subject: following words 1,000 on the

self. vigorous

life's to the work Appreciation of Tribute "A in trowel and, near a bench garden by was There his special attention to giving Stephens, of Evan bed from plant the surveyed sat and she hand, down it as been has leadership his and musical works a look vague eyes her came Into distance. little the

of dreaming, and into her memory came pictures. effective in building manhood and womanhood

David, planting the peonies, his mouth drawn up as and in perpetuating Latterday Saint ideals."

I. A. Genit always was when he was busy and interested, the The manuscripts must be mailed to M.

right side of his lower lip caught between his white eral offices, 47 East South Temple Street, Salt Lake teeth, and the upper lip tightened a little. It made City, Utah, no later than June 1, 1931.

the dimple in his cheek deepen, and gave to his brown The prize article will be read at the annual June face, with the twinkling'blue eyes, a youthfulness alConference in connection with the presentation of our most too winning in a man with a family growing musical contests and published in the Improvement up! Era.

PTheimprovement What of RUSSIA? By DR. THOMAS L. MARTIN

Agronomist, B. Y. U.

TRAVELING from Helsingpoorly dressed. Hundreds of wofors, Finland, to Leninmen and children wore no shoes

grad, Russia, the writer was and stockings, apparently because advised to keep close track of his they could not afford them, and pocketbook, to ask few, if any, there seemed to be no fastidiously questions, to expect his baggage to dressed people. The explanation

be surreptitiously examined, to was made that 90% of the energy take no notes, because this would of the government is being given lay one open to suspicion, and to to industry and 10% to food and be careful regarding picture taking, clothing. Building of factories

since most pictures would be conand machines to make machines is fiscated. All in all the impression being pushed vigorously. After

given by advisers was that I was this is well taken care of they say about to pass into a terrible enmore attention will be given to vironment and should feel thankfood and clothing. With this

ful if I came out alive. Couple R. THOMAS L. MARTIN has promise the people are encouraged this with the information I heard D reached his present position to be cheerful until the good times through hard persistent and work. come.outside of Russia, and can you After graduating the B. U., Y. from

Iimagine feelings as entered my in is institution which profeshe now general impression that was Y \A the at depot Leningrad. sor of agronomy, his doctor's he took * A efficiency is lacking. the At at degree Cornell, in for 1919, and Last the writer summer attended customs house, passing Finfrom two years instructor soils in was there.the soil international science conto land officials has as Leningrad, served principal the He of Big Horn

gress held at Leningrad and MosAcademy, Emery Academy and Millard seemed to lack efficiency in disDr.cow. Martin active has been There deleAcademy. were about 200 charging their duties, with much in scientific the societies state, the ofgates the at large. from world Most wasted. time the hotels At where president was of the Utah Academy these likeof were myself; afraid meals served, were either of Sciences last in 1924, the crowd year and was

they would be so well taken care a delegate to the Second International was larger than expected or the

Soilof Science at guides that Congress by the they Leningrad would hotel people were job, at the new and Moscow. traveled has extenHesee better only the conditions. This with consequent confusion. The sively in Europe has so and with doneimpression quickly was removed, waiters got into each others both eyes way, wide open.

for each delegate was given a small and the time necessary to secure red card which permitted him to a meal was unnecessarily long.

go anywhere in the city of Leninenough sugar, butter, meat, and This condition did not improve milk to go around, the told street cars.grad, on we were Guides as the progressed. days busiThe

it mustwere be obtained necessary not unless by couwe that office, ness wherein travel arrangewished them. With or without pons. There was no foodstuff to ments were made, furnished a

guides wherever we went we were waste. Many children were seen good example of this inefficiency.

treated with the utmost courtesy. on the streets eating cinnamon Apparently there was no head.

rolls, etc., with no evidence of Everybody was supposed to be in

noticed starving people in Leningrad or peolines of manyTW"E charge, but one really no in was v pie Moscow. waiting stores at various charge. This happened in so many

for foodstuffs. While there Was Most of the people we saw were instances during our visit, that we

382 The Improvement Era for May, 1931

wondered if it was actual ineffiboys, do not receive intense military less emphasized than in other ciency of the Russians or merely drill for one year, but a large part European countries. For the size

the impatience of the Americans. of their time is used as a means of the country and the relative imfor getting them under control portance of these two Russian

HPHE officials of the Soviet govfor educational purposes. Hence cities, militarism appeared to be

* ernment were extremely polite they receive much instruction of at a low ebb.

to the science congress members. They were very desirous '"THE writer read in the paof rendering the highest type * pers in Berlin one day after

of service. At banquets, meetleaving Russia that one million

ings, and on (field trips we women were under arms and were impressed with the energy that the fiveyear plan called used by these officials to see for five million women to be that everyone was properly under arms within the next five cared for. Whenever they had years. Yet there is nothing

any comment to make regardvisible to a traveler in Lenining the plans of the Soviet grad or Moscow to indicate regime, we felt their earnestthat such a militaristic proness. They have great faith gram is being carried out.

in their project. They realize There was great evidence

their needs and are very solicithroughout Russia of recontous of helpful suggestions struction and renovation.

from visitors. They express Churches were being cleaned

themselves as being a misunand repaired. Buildings were

derstood people, and are willin the process of replastering ing to spend much time in and painting. Roads in Mosexplaining wherein they are cow and Leningrad were being

not as bad as their reputation remade. However, there is an

would indicate. evident lack of system. Roads

In Leningrad police do not by the mile are torn up and seem to be as numerous relaRussian Women Repairing Streets only a few workers were entively as in America. What gaged in repair work. It apfew we saw were lenient and courthe type one would find in an pears that the idea had come to

teous. In Moscow the number ordinary school and college. In their minds to repair roads, and

seemed to be greater and they were fact, the Russians look upon they then went at the job vigorslightly more "on the job,"but this army service largely as ously as far as tearing up every even here they piece needing do not display repair. Then

the military they slowly discipline charand tediously acteristic of the started to repoliceEuropeanin other pair,while livingall thein countries. the inconvenient environ-

\NEw thereadsAmerin upmentroads.of Chiltorn

ican papers and dren would do books that the job just Russia is seethabout that ing with miliway.

tarism; that

her men and OMENwomen are be- W do hard ing trained in physical work the art and serjust as well as vice of war; the men. They

and are taught work on the that unless roads in bare they are fully feet; wheel the

prepared a 11 Taking tf Holiday wheelbarrows;

the world will handle the cebe upon them. It is true that all an educational experience. ment machines; hammer the blocks.

young men in Russia serve one In Leningrad and Moscow we In the factories, tod, shoulder to year in the army, but this is consaw very little evidence of militarshoulder with men they do their sidered, as in other Christian cottnism. There was no bristling of part. If they are family women and

tries, as a defense measure. Howbayonets. Around the Kremlin a baby should be expected, then for

ever, from what we heard, these we saw guards, but even this was four months, two before and two

The Improvement Era for May, 1931 383

after, do the women get excused any person show tendencies in this attempt to develop an appreciation fforn, work at full pay. Should direction and he or she is ostrafor art, though in my opinion, it

they still desire to work rather cised by society. This, they claim, is doubtful if the government will

than 'look after the home, the wokeeps the easy marriage and dimake a success of such endeavors.

man is encouraged in her idea and vorce situation safe. According to. The instructors always emphathe baby is taken care of in the the testimony of people there is a size the fact that this glory and

homes provided by the state. constant decrease in divorces. This grandeur was developed at the exThe home life is not necessarily they point to as an ample vindipense of the people. The injustices

destroyed. However, those of the past capitalistic syswomen and men who are tem are emphasized. In

too poor or not capable of places the walls are lined looking after their children with placards, which glorify the worker and indusare still encouraged to bear W-St children, but to turn them try and damn the royalty over to the state, there to and the capitalists. In some

be properly provided for. of their buildings models

COME people feel that ofwiththecannonworld pointedare showntothe ease of marriage and wards Russia in every divorce together with encountry except Switzercouragement to give up the land. It is emphasized that

home and turn children all the world is against over to the state would Russia and are bent upon lead to immorality, but her downfall.

such does not seem to be the case. It is thought T'HE rich men's palaces

that when a young man are turned into rest and young woman feel homes for workers during they would like to live tothe two weeks rest per year gether, that there should k they are entitled to. Here

be no unnecessary church in these homes the worker and state regulation to retires and receives food, make it inconvenient for bed, medical attention, them to marry. They reJfl etc., at the expense of the

cord their desire and that state. Even these walls

is the end of it. Should contain some placards of

the wedded couple discover Soviet propaganda. This

that they are unsuited to M:;;ii propaganda policy is at

each other, why should work constantly. The

they be compelled to stay moving picture shows, together, is the question with the exception of the asked. Church in Moscow Tom Mix Wild West picSimilarly they say that tures, are also propaganda

the process of divorce should be cation of their custom. One sees pictures glorifying the worker

simplified. The desire should be reas one travels throughout Moscow and showing the injustice of

corded and the divorce granted. and Leningrad alone, night or all others. Radios are gushing

It is claimed that this ease is not day with streets crowded with forth propaganda all day long conducive to immorality. Should boys, girls, young men and young throughout the cities. Streets are

one party object, or should there women, fewer hints of an immoral crowded with groups listening to he evidence of unfair treatment, nature than one will find in a the radios, ninety percent of which the guilty party is summoned to majority of European cities. is propaganda and ten per cent

court and handled accordingly, and music.

should there be children they must 'T'HE palaces of the Czars, the One of the great Monasteries in be taken care of through cash pay- "* churches, the cathedrals, and Moscow has been changed into an ments while the state raises the the art galleries are being well kept. antireligious museum, the injuschild. If there should be promisThey are open for inspection daily. tices of the priests are exhibited.

cuity and the man or woman give Guides are always on hand. Groups Some of it seems to be honest and

evidence of leading an immoral of natives from all over Russia fills one with sympathy, yet for life, the community conscience bemake trips to the two centers at the most part one cannot help but comes the great rectifier. They say reduced rail rates, and are taken feel the element of propaganda in

that no one who would be a proper through these buildings and are it.

member of the communistic comgiven specific instructions in art, The streets are filled with idle munity can afford to do anything history, politics, etc. The aim is people every day. Onefifth of the

to destroy physically, mentally, or to give all Russians the privileges workers of Russia have a "Sunday"otherwise their possibility of being which were formerly denied them, off each day; that is, onefifth takes

an 100% efficient member of that and they are encouraged to see the its holiday every fifth day, so realcommunity. An immoral person glories and evils of the civilization ly every day is Sunday for at least

is a drag on that society. Let just passed. There is a definite onefifth of the Russians.

384 The Improvement Era for May, 1931

'"THERE are a few beggars and a lines. They have large laboradividualism seems to be discour-

* few waifs, but these were much tories, much equipment, and use aged. No one can get ahead filess noticeable than in other Euromodern methods for illustrating nancially, for the minute this bepean countries or America. There their results. The people were gins his money will be taxed or

are not enough workers, but if one busy securing all the information confiscated. The worker is looked

will not work one cannot eat. The they could possibly get from the upon as supreme. He is regarded

government does not favor any visiting scientists. as a more desirable citizen than

visitors helping a beggar because Surely after two weeks'obserthe intellectuals. Rich people do

theoretically the governnot exist; they are subdued

ment can see that everyone or have emigrated.

has a job. It is not the

purpose of the Soviet govCOME Russians are enernment to tolerate idleness - thusiastic over the Soin any form, but it takes viet experiment while othtime to get a perfect orers look upon it with less ganization, and it is exfavor. The leaders dispected that beggars will claim any desire to break

disappear in a very short up the home, yet there time. seems to be evidence that

Schools are being inthis is happening. Religcreased in numbers and iously there is no opposisize and the young people tion, yet there is the imare apparently anxious to pression that they do not

be educated. The teachers care to have anything to

whom we met are an endo with religion. A great

thusiastic group. They building program is at

teach children somewhat work industrially and the the same as in our public outlook is very bright.

schools. We were someAgriculturally Russia apwhat surprised to learn pears to be doing well for

that the children are taught a country using so few

English in the regular curimplements and so little riculum. mechanical power. Scientific development gives

JUDGING by our expepromise of as healthy a rience the American growth as in other nations.

dollar is treasured. The In my opinion the people

Russians seemed to prefer do not appear as enthusithe American dollar to An Excursion into the Country astic over their new govtheir own roubles. There ernment as the Soviet litwere a number of experiences durvation with about twenty well ederature would have us believe, but

ing a two weeks'stay which inucated guides one could not help I do think they are now better dicated that once they get hold of but feel that the delegates were not off than they were under the old

American dollars they hold on to being held to one set line of regime.

them. During our short stay we thought and travel. We were inOn the whole conditions are

encountered no more dishonesty in vited to make enquiries; we went much better in Russia than most

acquiring these dollars, however, freely everywhere; I cannot believe newspaper and magazine articles

than is found in other countries. that we could not see behind the indicate. Perhaps as a visitor the

The officials were especially veil if a veil were being used to writer was blinded somewhat, but watchful that one did not photohide from us the facts. he certainly did not see anything,

graph beggars, groups of children, which was suggested in the papers, nor anything else which could be HPHE Russian people seem to be the first day after leaving Moscow, used outside of Russia to show happy, yet there is wanting an that the women, to the extent of the worst side of their country. invisible something which is hard five million, were being armed as

The Russians asked for fairness to describe. Are they as happy soldiers. Another article stated

in these matters. Certain buildas similar people elsewhere? At that Moscow was terrorizing the

ings, soldiers on duty, bridges, and certain ages I would say yes, but people with a new crime, that of certain other objects could not be among some others I felt that there shooting or exiling people who photographed openly without prowas a subdued sadness. Is it behad hoarded up silver coins. If

voking official wrath; although cause they are subdued or is it bethis happened while we were there

films were not examined at the cause of the awfulness of the rethe people certainly did not pay border when we left the country. cent past, or does the visitor imany more attention to it than the

agine he sees it because of the preaverage American does to an auto \\7EW earnestnesswere impressedwhich withcharacterthe conceivedI do not notionsfeel competenthe has of Russia?to say. accident.

ized all the more intelligent people. The minority is in power. This A BOUT two weeks after leaving

Some of their scientists are equal minority is powerful and intoler- *- Russia while the writer was to any in the world along their ant. It brooks no opposition. In- [Continued on page 392]

Facing Life By DR. ADAM S. BENNION

IV for Tomorrow""Foresight—Building,

articles are not writnot leave a man comfortable evenTHESE ten to be argumentative. theologically.

They do not seek to prove But all this smacks of arguany particular thesis. They are ment and as pointed out this is

written rather in the hope that not a series in debating.

they may stimulate creative Other letters are genuinely thought and lead to the translaheartening. I quote from two of

tion of that thought into conthem:

structive action. And yet it is "Success to you as you encourperfectly evident that some of the age our young people to plan

discussions carried forward must ahead for their futures. They will

involve us in debatable considerathank you for it some day."

tions. "I want to make a place for

An interesting letter of the past myself. But I really wonder someweek raises the issue as to whether times whether, if I take all the

or not a young man ought really pains in the world to get ready to concern himself much about the to do something, I shall be able future. The writer of the letter to find that something to do."

fortifies himself by quoting this scripture: HTHIS last sentiment is in the

'Take therefore no thought for hearts of dozens of young folk the morrow: for the morrow shall as they write in or as they talk

take thought for the things of ittheir problems over. And, of

self. Sufficient unto the day is the course, it is a natural and very real

evil thereof."Matt. 6:34. query. Satisfaction attaches to the

IT is a hazardous practice to build whole and in keeping with the observation that practically no one * a philosophy of life upon a life scheme of the Savior himself. of real character and intelligence

single; isolated passage of scrip- "Train up a child in the way who has paid the price in preparature. One really needs to know he should go: and when he is old, tion has ever come to my attention

so many things about the circumhe will not depart from it."Pronot having realized returns from

stances which called forth the stateverbs 22:6. his advanced preparation. I know

ment in question. To whom was "Seest thou a man diligent in of a few cases of near failure but

it given? What preceded it? What his business? He shall stand before always there have been counterfollowed? How does it square kings; he shall not stand before acting factors over and against the

with other passages on the same mean men."Proverbs 22:29. added training.

subject? Is it certain that our Some one has said: "If our

declarations as echo throughForesight could be only as good CUCHEnglish translation is altogether * out the pages of deal a of grief our Hindsight what Good Theadequate?

If the admonition was given to Book. At twelve, Jesus was about we could avoid."That word

significance atthe immediate followers of the his Father's business. And yet at Foresight—what

Master as a preparation for their thirty, he felt the need of sustaches to its real appreciation. We

missionary callings, then perhaps tained fasting and prayer before say of course that Yesterday isthe passage just as it stands squares launching his ministry intensively. gone—that there is no Tomorrow

as a matter of fact neitherwith good practice. Even today His ministry was foreseen and—but

the successful missionary must planned "even from the beginstatement is true. If you burned

all of yourself yesterday the day's exleave his financial problems bening."No one can read

hind him. The account of the disthe scriptures and escape the conperience is still very real to you

its consequences are surely part ofcussion in Luke 12, is really sigclusion that God "took thought nificant in this connection. of the morrow."Read again the today. And tomorrow will be

prophets of the Old Testament if ours. If I gormandize tonight,

COME scholars have made its you would catch a glimpse of my disordered "tummy"will sure- * application general but have inGod's great vision of coming ly be a reality (tomorrow. So

terpreted the word thought to events. The whole Gospel scheme let's not fool ourselves by the

mean anxiety. And of course such bids us mot only think ahead even poetry of fancy—let's build today

a meaning squares with good sense. to the life hereafter but to lay our knowing full well that tomorrow

But for all practical purposes, I plans in keeping with our aspirawill find us enjoying or regretting prefer the to passage think tions through for an heavenly estate. "Take what ever kind of buildingl; we inlight of scripturesin the the as a candulge. no thought of the morrow"

386 The Improvement Era for May, 1931

A NTICIPATION is one of the ticipation. The Dry Farmer regwhether or not a boy is going to

-"richest words in our language, ularly practices it in his summer make good. Of course the trashy

Especially when realization comes fallowing. In the day of rain, the fellow, the loafer soon goes out.

trailing in to crown it. Whether farmer lays plans against the burnSo does the sneak and the 'hangyou take the word legally, literaling baking of a sequent sun. No head'. But there are a lot of good,

ly, or figuratively Anticipation is one cultivates merely for the fun ordinary fellows who ought to do full of meaning. To "take before"of harrowing—he believes in

well what pretty he do returns increased "foretaste,"curing and willing—they to "foresee"—to—to sebetter than they do. They are

it to give practices you the them in "profinds which"experience them do—but in advance"—to - to give it to have you them. toject actuality."produced oneself have through out that'sthem—are known

The word really hints a sort of He looks ahead in terms of what or they won't find it. The am-

"trying on of life."And (the other men have learned by looking bitious fellow, though, the boy

word is so practical. backward. The kindest thing these who really wants to learn the merIn automobile driving, a good articles can do is to open to you cantile business—the fellow who

teacher always urges the novice to a vista known to some of us in seems to be headed somewhere, he anticipate. To be aware that ahead part because we have already come digs up things. As soon as he's

after he's one job little with farther path through along the curves, a wayare dangers—intersections, have don't another. life. you best stray can at up put of sudden approaches, Andbumps, We

things up lookinganimals—in to a word—because

in the they're kept unforeseen occurrealization that of a a few signs at the crossroads.—seeingtell him. whereHe'srences may arise, to be prepared in T\ URING the past month I have stock—-what they cost—in howadvance for emergencies. Thouinterviewed three of the outlarge quantities they're bought and

sands of accidents are caused in standing men of our state to ask what the margins are. You just

this country annually wholly bethem how important it js for a can't keep a fellow like that cause some one failed to think out young man to look ahead—to andown."

ahead of the hood. ticipate his life's work. All three

answered in almost identical terms: HTHE educator agreed with the

those first that two sheepman to success. It's the Anticikey the matter of travel,

years, tremendous are really represent widely years is largely three to aTN*- pation the key men The happy trip. The fun of laying out different pursuits. One is a sue- 'You know,"he said, "It's hard

the plans long before the trip becessful sheepman; one, a prosperto get hold of yourself. You're

gins is a major part of every travous merchant; and the third, an just out of college. You've been

eler's satisfaction. Friends,who outstanding educator. The sheeptied down for four years there

are now hoping to go to Europe man offered the thought: besides all the years in the grades

out across the next three or four "I really think the first two and high school. And when you

feelyears are already under way. They years of my experience with sheep get that first check—well you

are working over European gedetermined my future. I started like turning loose. Once you do

ography. They are building a out with two other fellows equally it you somehow set a fashion for

background of history. They are as capable as I. But they earned yourself. I'm thankful that in

even brushing up on the language wages and spent them. Fortunthat first year I set my heart on

they expect most to encounter, ately I decided to take part pay going to.Harvard. I could easily

Think of the satisfaction open to in sheep after the first few months, have spent all I earned. But as

one rich in the romance of Spanish The thought that I was getting it was, those two years brought in enough with what I couldhistory, tradition, culture, when he sheep of my own—that someday I mearrives at Barcelona as compared might have a herd—-held me to my make in the summers to put me

with the hurried dropping in of job. The more sheep I got the through Harvard the next year."

an unconcerned visitor. Or could more enthusiasm I developed. I feel certain that these three

you spend a week in New England That's been true with me,ever cases could be added to by the how would you want to prepare since."hundreds. Instead of adding to

for that week? them, let's generalize by setting

Nor is the meaning of Anticipa- f\F course, it's true. There's a down a few basic considerations

tion merely imaginative. Every genuine enthusiasm always to to be thought through fully by

successful business is directed by an undertaking that leads one defithose who really anticipate amen who look far beyond today, nitely to a goal. The difference worthwhile future—by those who

They have established finances for between a sheepherder and a sheephave the foresight to shape today's emergencies, which may not be exman is that one of them is "going experience toward the realization perienced for ten or fifteen years, some place and.knows it."One of a greater tomorrow:

little 1. What are you now doingThey have projected a market out of them has a job—makes a

to beyond the routine of your daily across a similar span of years. The money—spends it—and hints

record of industrial experience is the world, "I should worry about assignments which will pull you cluttered with the failures of men the future."out of the rut of the commonplace?

who couldn't or wouldn't see beThe merchant has succeeded 2. Ten years from now what

yond Today.. eminently well. He didn't choose do you hope to be doing?

to talk about himself but he made 3. If you are now making

'"THE story of every successful these pertinent observations: money how much of it are you

—farm is a story of anticipation. "I have hired and fired many saving or investing toward a worFall plowing is a tribute to it. men in my day. You can pretty thy purpose? The amount isn't

Rotation of crops is extended annearly tell in the first month [Continued on pape 405]

j ( Additional Internal Evidence for the Authenticity of the Book of Mormon

acsublimely beautiful great this strength evidence of By ISAAC B. BALL the

will clearer to reader the becomeTHEcount of the of ministry

Christ among the Nephites Berkeley, California as the records from the Book of stands in illumined loveliness Mormon are quoted and along side against a sad background of three of them are placed accounts of days of destruction and darkness. And then it is that a third fact some recent eyewitness and of

And in that darkness what dreadserenely sails into consciousness, recognized scholars in this field.

ful groanings and tumultuous namely, that somehow the account However, before setting forth noises! What rumbling, trembling in the Book of Mormon (III these accounts, please consider

and rending! What howling, laNephi) does contain briefly, but scholarly examples of a very simmenting, weeping and wailing! accurately, just those specific atilar line of reasoning in support of

Yet, it must be admitted, the tributes and no others, which are the authenticity of a Bible narrarecord of those fearful three days spoken of only (and can be spoktive. Sodom and Gomorrah were

has sometimes seemed a hit unen of only) by eyewitnesses or destroyed by the Lord on account students of earth sciences, and of their shocking wickedness. Ireal, perhaps, to many readers-—by

not that one questions the truth are not known to average readers, quote from Professor E. J. Housor to collegebred people, in genton's excellent popular treatise onof that the hap-

1 the record—but for that matter. volcanoes and earthquakes:penings seem, in character, exeral, so

so, of course, there can Andtremely unusual, not to say unbriefly the deLet us now examine conclusion, be but one clear andheardof. the destruction gives of scription Moses

But if a touch of realism is deconvincing: the account in III of Sodom and Gomorrah and other cities

plains. occurred destruction written the been of have must Nephi Thissired fell recital for this of the

life his the of and during Abraham eyewitnesses, could not by and of tempests,power lightnings and says that record Lot. nephew The God been have Joseph composed byearthquakes, at are the ready means that deto intended told he Abraham

hand. Easily accessible are abunSmith. His reading and experistroy them because of their wickedness.

these of natural phenomena in the of follows chapter 18 th Thendant vivid descriptions and by ence the of eloquent pleading Genesis Abraham necessarily limited in the exwere similar,eyewitnesses of but more cities. the for Abraone of At doomed limited treme, the even than morerecent, eledevastations these by spare plea earnest to promises ham's God average today. man's

if fifty ruin. righteous can angels bemental origof Sodom men This

therein. found isinal source material extremely is solid internal evithen TJERE rethis respite, Obtaining Abrahaminteresting reader the holds and for authenticity dence the of peatedly asks further for the city, mercy

almost:spellbound, if only for the Book of Mormon. No doubt and at last receives the sacred promisethe utter awesomeness of it. And that the city shall not be destroyed, if

to many it will, doubtless, prove but ten righteous people can be found therein. evidence'great wickedof the Anto be practically a virgin field of

city ness of the fact is seen inthe research. riot even ten could be found. Wherethat

A GREAT number of these doctheuponcitiesthe Lordare doornedgives noticearid to commandsLot that

J*"uments need not be consulted Lot to leave at once with his family.

before one becomes aware of two "Escape for thy life! look riot,, bearresting facts. First, that defiplain;hind thee,escapeneitherto the staymountains,thee inlestall thouthe

nite and specific characteristics be consumed."Moses described what

mark these deathdealing furies of Happened as follows:

nature—I mean hurricanes and, "The sun was risen upon the earth

entered Lot into Zoar. whenearthquakes, second, that and nevthe rained Lord "Then upon Sodomer before in average general an and upon Gomorrah brimstone and

reading has one been made aware from the Lord out of heaven;, fire

* "And he overthrew—those pities andof many of these more definite

all plain, the all. and the, -inhabitants of specific characteristics.and And

cities, the that and which grew upon others to are consulted aswhen (he ground, their knowledge of the njpre exact "And, his wife looked back from benature of hurricanes and earthhind him, and she became a pillar of quakes, they quite freely report salt.

littlethemselves or no better in:

( of in this regard.formed The Author Volcanoes1E. J. andHouston,Earthquakes,WoriderchapterBook30.

388 The Improvement Era for May, 1931

"And Abraham gat up early in the touch of realism to Bible narragiven of the Savior's birth, and morning to the place where he stood tives that have been so ruthlessly therefore the people began to look before the Lord: sign for the earnestness great assailed by a criticism calling itself with and he toward looked Sodom "And the foretold by been that had "higher."of all the land and towardGomorrah

the plain, and beheld, and lo, the smoke In manner somewhat like this prophet Samuel the Lamanite, the countryof as the smoke went up of darkness three days the in presented namely be argument an may a furnace."of land, which the face of the over III Nephi, in the account to regard is clearly of a the description This Savior's the of a sign be ten. would nine eight, and chapters And the eruption,volcaniq for throughout

Bible things are crucifixion. There

described as they apbegan to be great pear to be. When doubtings and

of Moses speaks the disputations fire brimstone and being rained down among the peoupon Sodom and ple, as well there

Gomorrah out of might.

heaven, he is despheno- the cribing it then came And it would as mena in to thirty the pass lookto one appear year, in fourth and it. at Of ing

first the month, on that course know we the of fourth day eruptions volcanic in there the month, to things come such a great arose storm, through earth the never such as an one volthe of crater the in been had known is lava cano. The all the land. also great there a was And gained hardthus realism the of air, the touch and the into highthrown ternbie and tertempest; there and was ashes hot) red still this in (though be unwelcome notening, may rible it thunder, that did shake insomuch that cloud ash the from rain down also. case the if it earih as who.e to about was But, mountains. the overforms divide asunder. there exceeding were the in And Book three chapters appear These they distance, a at fromlooked lightnings, as sharp never been such had the from abridged rained down contain an be to fall of or Mormon to

all in the land. city of the known And Livy, way, same the exactly Inskies. unparalleled comof an account fire. city Zarahcm.a take did the of And showers tells about historian,the Roman whirlwinds, tempest, of bination did the the into of sink depths Moroni in Mt. heaven fell from that stoneof seja, [and the inhabitants thereof earthwere and lightnings thunder, days whole for two near Rome,Albano, carried drowned. the earth was up And too, actfuries, So, natural war. These quakes. Punic second theduring city in the the that of upon Moronihah, pretensions some had effected Pliny, unity, whoeven in unwonted ing place city a great there the of became describing in naturalist, a considered to be least at of destruction total * * * the mountain. during Vesuvius Mt. of appearancethe the cities almost of sixteen and when the 79 and up, of A. were D. broken highways eruption terrible Andthe

Herculaneum and Pompeii were destroyed, entire population of the Nephite the level roads were spoiled, and many speaks of the red hot stones and ashes nation. The records of these casmooth places made rough. And many

reality, cities great in notable sunk, So, were and and above. falling fromas taken to be are purported the lamities of case burned, shaken were were in the as many and many although, did,they eyewit- of accounts from original fallen thereof buildings to cloud till the had the forming material theplain,

came from the crater of the volcano benesses, and to be abridgments by the earth, and the inhabitants thereof low. Mormon of the original plates. In were slain, and the plates wiere leflt

cities desolate. there were some And sky, the is it not that falling he stated fact was from brimstone to As the thereof remained; which damage but or an unknown,no is means this by part a hundredth record to able there great, exceeding were and was many volduring many occurrenceunusual accounts. full the of slain. there in were them who And is a comsulphur since eruptions,canic

carried in that stating were were away some begins who by Mormon the of out often thrown material,mon they the whither whirlwind; and went records was the kept the volcanoes. who mancraters some of save they they knoweth, no man know is certain he hence just and that a when statement man the also Note face the of carried were away. And

Abraham rose early in the morn and the record is true. According to the whole earth became deformed, beplace where Sodom the towardlooked the years cause thunderings tempests of the and thirtythree record this man's smoke the he saw stood,and Gomorrah of the the lightnings quaking and and was the sign passed away since had like the smoke country go upof the the rocks were the earth. And behold

of a furnace. This was probably the rent in twain; they were broken up

smoke caused by the burning of the city, upon the face of the whole earth, insoor even by the destruction of the crops much that they were found in broken falling the fields, ignitedin the by when in cracks, in seams, and and fragments,

I, B. this article, of author been * HE also It have red ashes. it might all the land. face the of upon And

in school Ball, engaged been has asphalt of to burning the duepartly the thunderings that to pass when came life. gradAfter of his most work in the fissures the out fromthrown the and lightnings storm the and and

ground, or to the shower of volcanic uating Ifrom the Utah Agricultural the tempest, and the quakings of the practical gaining and fell last thatashes from the cloud that formed College they did exearth did behold cease—for teacher, he became perience as a it eruption. theduring hours: the and space of three about

That the cities were destroyed by a superintendent of schools in Sevier was said by some that the time was volcano far in the past appears from County, and later served for eight greater; nevertheless all these great and

things outside the Bible proper, for years in the Vocational Division of terrible things were done in about the for Education of to the {Department refers geographer, behold, the GreekStrabo, then space of three hours—and is principal of he flourishUtah. At present thirteen that face of theJewish tradition darkness there was upon the

ing cities were swallowed up by a vol- a school in Berkeley and is doing land.

of University the special at fair corroboration work this finds andcano, there it that pass was to came And professional improvefor borders California western the ruins along thein the face all of the darkness thick upon is he cast lot his Wherever ment. Sea. theof Dead thereinhabitants the that land, insomuch Saint. Latterday is a conscientious

feel fallen could not of had who fYKE can hardly deny that such vapor of darkness; And there could thebe*S explanations add a needed no light, because of the darkness, neither

The Improvement Era for May, 1931 389

candles, neither torches;, njeither could cease, and all the tumultuous noises did noise like that of the roaring of wild

there be fire kindled with their fine and pass away. And the earth did cleave beasts, a tumult of countless voices, and

exceeding dry wood, so that there could together again, that it stood; and the cries of terror. At the point where

not be any light at all. * * * mourning and the weeping and the wailthe center of the storm passes, a forAnd it came to pass that it did last ing of the people who were spared did midable sound like the discharge of arfor the space of three days that there cease. * * * tillery, an incessant rolling of thunder,

was no light seen; and there was great (the voice of the hurricane as it is in

mourning and howling and weeping Then, speaking of those who fact) is heard above all others.

were still alive, it says: resistance"The progressupon theof theland,windbutmeetsthe withdeAnd they were spared and were not struction is none the less terrible. Buildsunk and buried up in the earth; and ings which lie in its path are overturned

they were not drowned in the depths of the waters of streams are driven back the sea; and they were not burned by towards their source, isolated trees are

fire; neither were they fallen upon and torn up by their roots; forests are beni

crushed to death; and they were not down as if they formed one compact

carried away in the whirlwind; neither mass, and their branches and leaves are

were they overpowered by the vapor of scattered; even the grass is swept off

smoke and darkness. $& the ground. In the path of the hurricane fly countless debris, like the flotsam carried along by a stream. Generally j N all these succinct phrases set speaking, the action of electricity is super-

A down by Mormon as he ead added tothe action of the air in motion and abbreviated the fuller firstand helps to augment the ravages of hand record inscribed by the III ningthe storm.are so rapidSometimesthat theyflashesdescendof lightlike

Nephi himself, we clearly perceive a sheet of flame; the clouds, and even

descriptions of three major natural drops of rain emit light; the electric

phenomena. First, there is the tension is so great that sparks have been

seen to the fly from of body man. A all the people continually; yea among hurricane, the great the "storm,"forest whole the St. island on of Vincent great the were groanings the people, of "great terrible and tempest!"then in the Indies killed West lightwas by because of the darkness, great the and

ning the without accompanying 2 the trunks thunder single of tree a and destruction which them. had come upon

being blown down. lightning; finally and the earth-

'T'HIS from the eighth chapter of quakes, the "exceeding great quaktimes"Theis mostprobablyterriblethatcyclonewhichof occurredmodern - Ill Nephi. Chapter nine reing of the whole earth."on October 10, 1780, which has been

especially called the 'Great Hurricane,'be clearly presAs shall shown thecords the voice that of words and which seems all to have embodied ently, hurricanes are capable deof all heard facewas the of upon the horrible scenes that attend phecities stroying their whole andthe after land noises of innomena that the the kind. Starting and from

habitants, besides Barbadoes, laying trees the waste where and houses weredestruction ceased. had Lord The

all it blown down, engulfed an English countryside; lightning and whichrecites cities the sixteen of names

fleet anchored St. before Lucie then and usually accompanies hurricane the totally destroyed.which been had ravaged the of whole island that where

fire to is able set cities to and let six sakeFor the us, of brevity thousand persons buried were beomitting the names of the cities, strike down in death men and anineath the ruins. From thence it traveled to Martinique, overtook alike; a French mals while earthquakeshere group according to the them

fleet transport ships and sunk con40 calamities all other crown withdirect natural inphenomena veying four soldiers, thousand all their gigantic: destrucof fell power * * *volved drowned. Farther south other four

One city destroyed by being tion. Now then, if hurricanes or j\lands were also devastated, and most

the vessels sailing that were in the lightnings or acting of earthquakes"covered by earth."track of the cyclone were all lost with are able to destroy a people, destroyed by being singly One city board. on

"sunk in the depths of the sea."what shall we say of the sad plight "This hurricane was quite as destrucFour cities destroyed by being that awaits any land where these tive on land. Nine thousand persons

"sunk and buried in the depths of three furies join hands in the serperished at Martinique, one thousand at the earth and waters came up in vice of an angry God? wasSt, Pierre,left standing,where notfor thea singlesea rosehouseto

the stead thereof."a height of twentyfive feet and one

Four cities destroyed by being TAKING up the definite charhundred and fifty houses that were built "sunk and hills and valleys * * * acteristics of hurricanes or came in the place therof."great windstorms, consider first an

Six cities destroyed by "burning extract from the writings of the with fire,"the phrase being used, French savant, Camille Flammari- "and I did send down fire and deon: 3

stroyed them."

And turning briefly to the tenth are "Theperhaps,largenextperturbationsto great volcanicof theerupair chapter we shall quote a few short tions, the most fearful phenomena that but extremely vivid phrases, that take place upon the globe. * * * In

let us know what the people had Hindoo mythology, Rudia, the chief god storms, and winds has become knownbeen through during the three ofalso as the of destruction god death. and darkness: ofdays

the early "In part the of cyclone,

And thus * * * did the three days strange dull sound is sometimes hearda along the shores were ingulfed. At

pass away. And it was in the morning like that of wind in very old houses Port Royal, the cathedral, seven churches

and the darkness dispersed from off the during winter nights. The gusts which and fourteen hundred houses were blown

face of the land, and the earth did cease rend the air during the time the down, sixteen hundred sick and wounded to tremble, and the rocks did cease to cyclone continues are said to create a were buried beneath the ruins of the hosrend, and the dreadful groanings did pital. At St. Eustache, seven vessels

to pieces against the rocks-, Atmosphere 3The by Camille Flamwere dashed seq. 2 III Nephi 8:5-23. marion, page 335, et [Continued on page 428]

Members of Squad REAR ROW:.

Coach William Price,Champion,Walter Lawrence Han?

son, Lynn Foley, Gib Hancock, Afton Ride, athletic manager FRONT ROW: Ray Couch, H.

Foley, Austed, Ray Hancock, Floyd Ririe and Parley Hancock.

;: - Grand Championship of Largest Basketball League

the Ogden Fourth Ward M Men team. This squad reached the championship heights

to which 500 teams aspired.

Monarch of Mutual Basketball THEon curtainthe 193031was rungMutualdown By LES GOATES tohonor.supremeLincoln,heights afterto capturetwo yearsthis

Improvement Association r\ RAND champions of the greatof undefeated play, carrying on athletic season on Saturday evenest basketball association of with dogged fortitude all season ing, March 14, in the new Weber all! Ogden Fourth, not even with three of its 1930 champions

Gymnasium in Ogden, with the champions in its own district, arose on foreign missions, finally had playing of a championship game between the Lincoln ward team of

Granite stake, Salt Lake interstake and allChurch title holders of the preceding year, and the Ogden Fourth ward five, the runnersup in the Ogclen regional tournament.

.; The honor of leading the largest basketball league iri; the; world

was at stake. The Lincoln Rail

Splitters, fighting valiantly to carry on the splendid basketball tradition it bad already projected for one of the youngest wards in the

Church; was up against a vigorous,

crashing offensive stylejit had never encountered before oil its arduous struggle through an hectic season's schedule, an -elimination tournament and finally the titular series.

Ogden Fourth, playing the game like a basketits life, performed of; All the.teainspired. ball sk|H: Lincoln Ward Rail Splitters

deyelopedj 'in long evenings, of:Jyl|, 'j runnersup in the interdivisional M Men basketball tournament and:iallof Church champions squad: of Members 1930. iWilliam drill; borious: by Coach

Jensen, Garff Vivian Coach, Captain Jack F.itts, Wayne REAR ROW: into vogue. brought Price, was Assistant iRhead, It: Jack Garff Coach, Matson, Major Tony

was a tearii of destmy and coultf FRONT MOW: Dee Bachelor, Horton Jensen, Jesse Fisher, Jay

not be denied; Gardiner, Melvin Jensen and Richard Ball. The mascot is Marvin Jensen.

The Improvement Era for May, 1931 391

to bow to the inevitable. Still South Cotwhat a remarkable performance the tonwood

Lincolns turned in. "Eight out CastersCasaba

of Eight Thousand"they called them in 1930. In a league so winners of

magnificent in its scope, the odds visionalthe Interdi-conare overwhelming against any solation tourteam repeating a championship pernament, were formance any time. The Rail in many

Splitters did a remarkable thing ways the luckless repeated their in theywhen own mostsquad in M region, to include notstake and basketMen qualification for the final titular ball. Required

contest. to play nine

1 in games The acquisition of the M Men days in order championship by an Ogden entry to reach the probably came as a wellmerited finals through reward for the fine support given the regional and fringe tournaments, the nevertheless boys played adthe tournament by the Mutual ImCottonwoodmirable finished ball and meet the Ogden Associationprovement members slate with a clean after losing to Ogden and the townspeople of Utah's Seventeenth. The players:

Junction City. All records for REAR ROW: Roy Breeze, Marshall

attendance at the Interregional Huffaker, Arion Erickson, Edward Ericktournament were shattered. Under son, Floyd Johnson, Preston Ballard and

the direction of Homer C. Warner, David Turner coach.

director of M Men basketball, and FRONT ROW: Edward Bruerton,

Floyd G. Eyre, who conducted the manager; J. Reynolds, Mark Nickel,

tournament at Ogden, every detail ForestEldon Smith.Smith, Weiler Bringhurst and

of management was attended to.

It was indeed another "greatest"season.

Lake tournament runnersup and lost. The South Cottonwood AssoMutual Improvement AS entry also to eliminate had McGill, *. ciation basketball of out went Nevada, thereby a completing parthe state first of for the time Utah ticularly difficult before assignment

itin included the Po1930 when it could gain place in the Ogden itcatello its division, so extended series. qualification series This was

still thisscope farther season by the termed "fringe"tournament.qualifying the the leading in team

field finals the for The was G. made Floyd Eyre district AngelesLos the chamand interdivisional of Ogden of Lincoln up of Granite wardpionship aggregation Nevada. from tournament, which was Men stake, directorM Salt interstake Lake winheld. of ever successful Los AngelesAdams played ward most ners; South of CotCottonwood

tonwood stake, winner of the Lehi Fifth ward, run- "fringe tournament;"Provo Fifth

nerup in the ProVo ward, Provo regional champions;

district tournament Mayfield ward, winner of the and won out. It Richfield district honors; Ogden

then played South Seventeenth, Ogden, interstake tiCottonwood, Salt tle holder; Ogden Fourth, runnerup in the Ogden district meet and Lincoln Vanguards

of Granite Stake. Pocatello Third, Pocatello chamThese boys are all enpion,; These teams all had to pass

thusiastic attendants at through the crucible of adversity, the Mutual meetings and before qualifying for the titular verify "the statement that playoff.

"Mormon"lads reach for a basketball tnstea4 of for a.cigaret or a bottle. 7HEN the big showdown commembers The of this w menced, Lincoln and Ogden

: team; ROW: FRONT Seventeenth were touted as favorGibson, ites, with Provo Fifth as a strong forward; Dale; forward;

Fairbanks, guard. contender. The opening round

SECOND ROW: Johnbrought Lincoln into combat with

son, guard; Clays, captain Logan Seventh and the champions

and guard; Davis, center; gave evidence of its vaunted prowGerome, forward. ess by running up a 'score of 42 to Roberts, REAR ROW:

guard; Coach C. H. Wood 30 over the weary Cottonwood

which; and Garff, forward. "nW: had beenobliged t IfiitOtg,.v.... s '

392 The Improvement Era for May, 1931

MichaelSeventeenth; Ogden in McDonald, competition tournament. The all week. night every Ogden play Mayfield Larson, and A. B. son and its harder than even stake was own in a Mayfield over Fourth won Erickson, Cottonwood. South

district the in chamafforded that while to spirited 41 30, game,

Provo Fifth, coached by Vern pionships so it is little wonder an was tournament Ogden at the faltered Jensen's boys rFHE Coach Brigerstwhile the Greenwood, * a splenelaborate expression of finish. star, University won Young ham

its at ideal, great inception and did 21. to 39 Pocatello Third from

still fast that further developing so this of conclusion the most first A T all the favorites won Thus still for provisions be * made must successful tournament Men M matches. round

its realization. parcomplete The champions the ward Fourth Ogden exceedingly pushed was Lincoln

ticipation California of and Nebasket- presented with gold were to win round second in the hard this evidence year gives teams highvada fobs, of the emblematic the ball to 26 and Fifth 29 over Provo to that plans must organizaest the big Church honor suffered bearers standard Granite care take these teams of confer. Lincoln to Men tion had The be Mformulated forscoring their heavy loss of the

this as those that part as well the took popular with immensely ward, bastowering Matsen, Jack ward, in Oregon, and Washington, struggle uphill and year fans for its for eye an uncanny keteer with states. in silver other There is no end received stand, courageous big came the the hoop. Then

upset of the tournament. Ogden fobs in recognition of second place view. Wherever a group of LatFourth, beaten by Ogden Sevenhonors. These awards were made terday Saint boys are gathered,

as the there will the night genAlbert Smith, Elder George by series, regional its in teenth own

I. basketball team. day, an A., eral of the superintendent Men M. Mfollow, triits and conqueror turned on

states in scores of Board, played the represented General They who Cotton27. South to 35 umphed the season, recent the prizes. during A. on the Oscar of donors consolation the in stayed wood foreign sea in islands the of the secretary of executive and Kirkham, Mayfrom winning by running

field 26 to 25, a heart breaking Board introduced the team memlands.

outcome for the plucky youngsters bers and praised the players for from the South. Pocatello comtheir fine sportsmanship and genpleted the day's surprises by vantlemanly conduct. He also handed

laurel sprigs War- C. to Homer quishing the Logan Seventh, 26 out

efforts in untiring for his ner diWhat of Russia?

to 11. recting another basketball cam-

[Continued from page 384] Floyd G. Eyre paign and who Linestablished results '"THESE so the tournament efficrossing the Atlantic on board ship managed fiFourth as Ogden * coin and

ciently. a noticed "Letitia"he radiogram splendid these nalists. When

Soviet that said Russia was The Deseret News team awards, which the Weber the court quintets took baskettraditional with the M Men evidence giving of bankruptcy; caits to was taxed Gymnasium Les ball, presented by were then for the mines; were deserting workers seeing room pacity to provide

the enthusiasts. Ogden Fourth, Goates, sports editor of the News. railways; new construction works,

just coming into its own demonThe team awards this year were etc. Panic was evident all over walplaques mounted bronze on it that game in the early strated derefuse to peasants the country,

district six champions nut. The champions. the topple to out granaries, specwas the deliver to grain rethe tournament in competing 6 led first quarter Ogden the its In at profiteering was ulation and prizes the these while ceived Ogaccom- 1 half had the at and to people were point, the highest champions, grand was Fourth, den in feat unprecedented an plished coins, silver coins, bronze hoarding greater of a dimenplaque given nary to Splitters Rail the holding discipline food. had Labor and appearsions imposing and more half first goal. field The single level. a fallen a dangerous to The ance. back got 3. Lincoln to 10 creended full given writer have might

on its game in the second half and dence to these reports had he read at the tournament its staleness off shaking Russia, his visit to before them roll of all honor to the opposition going scored 10 (OFFICIALS selected an 13 points, they that do he knows but now and so the final score was 23 to 13. star players as follows: not harmonize with the observabas- of pinnacle the In attaining First Team tions made during his visit. league largest the success in ketball not of today would Americans demforward. team Lincoln, Jensen, the Ogden land, the in system present Russian tolerate the forward. Fourth, the Couch, Ogden qualities fine the onstrated experiher center. of government. But Lincoln, Fitts, It develop. to is intended game guard. Lincoln, Garff. the to world. good do ment may was time, all the ball clean played guard. Fourth, Ririe, Ogden sucwill be Russia knows? Who and courteous and considerate of modifies cessful she some when nervSecond Team or excited became once never is she doing principles. This her players his Price had Coach forward. ous. Seventeenth, Halverson, Ogden there Therefore, daily. almost The game. each forward. Fourth, with Ogden Foley, L. improving will they that evidence to be seems center. Fifth, Vivian Scott, Provo tutored by team, Lincoln one to successful make enough be guard. Pocatello, Knapp, H. court of student keen that Jensen, guard. the Seventeenth, will, within feel Russia that Ogden Jacobsen, youngthe brought who'technique the influence world years, few next the to Church the in est ward Mention Honorable ecoreligiously, ways, in many preceding, year the championship agripolitically, and nomically, Ogden Foley, H. after winand ball Champion best its played never culturally. Logan; Hughes, Lincoln; Rhead, regional Fourth; Lake Salt strenuous aning

Joseph Smith's Old Home Near Palmyra

JosepK Smith Modern American Prophet A By JOHN HENRY EVANS

VIII translated, in the event he is perTLJE now obtains an answer to the mitted to resume his work. That AA first of his questions. The

is, should he translate, that over purposes of God, jhe is informed, returning to his home again or not? With the urim and cannot be frustrated. It is the

in Harmony, the young thummim in his. possession once works of man that fail. Also heON

seer is met, one day out in more, he can satisfy his mind on is warned against a repetition of the field, by the 'Angel >of the these points. his offense in some other form,

record, who hands him the urim So he eagerly gazes into the sa- A man may have many revelations, and thummim. cred interpreters for an answer to but if he glories in his own strength

Now, the urim and thummim these questions. and does not sufficiently heed the

has served Joseph well thus far word of God, he will not only as a means by which to obtain incur the displeasure of the Aldivine instructions concerning the mighty, but will fall in the end.

new movement. It was through Joseph must, therefore, beware, rethis instrument, as you may repent of his transgression, and seek

member, that he learned whether forgiveness of the Lord, who is or not the plates were in danger merciful as well as just. Unless

and that he received permission, this is done, Joseph shall "become if we may call it that, to let Martin as other men and have no more

Harris have the manuscript. gift."In any event, the work of

God will go on, till a knowledge nTHERE are two questions preyof the Savior shall come to the f ing upon his mind just now, world through the Nephite prophand very grave ones. The first is ets, to confirm that which has alwhether or not he has lost his ready come through the testimony

"gift"and "become as other men."of the Jewish prophets.

It would appear that he has, for Having received this stinging his mind has been "darkened"ever rebuke, Joseph is deprived once since the manuscript was lost. His more of this wonderful mediumanxiety on this point is very keen. istic instrument, and left again to

The other question is, what to his own reflections for a time.

do about the matter that has been Oliver Cowdery. That those reflections are bitter

a

394 The Improvement Era for May, 1931

goes without saying. Joseph is He is not to retranslate the part eph stops his animals at the end of

an extremely sensitive young man, that has been lost. The manuthe furrow.

and this reproof would naturally script will be used against him. "Are you Joseph Smith?"the

give him many a pang. He has It has been stolen, and the thieves, man asks; and, on being assured

learned a severe lesson. It does inspired of the evil one, are waiting that he was speaking to the right

not do to trifle with sacred matters, to see if he will attempt to reproperson, continues with, "I am nor to hold lightly the instructions duce the words of the manuscript. Oliver Cowdery. I have come to

of a holy being whom God has If, therefore, Joseph translates talk with you about the ancient sent to you. again the first part of the gold volrecord you are reputed to have in

But he has received, in addition, ume, they will exhibit an altered your possession."

a flood of light on the relationship form of the manuscript as evidence The two grasp hands warmly.

between a man and his God, even that he cannot translate twice alike. Then they both sit down on the

when that man is given a special That childish scheme, however, ground, with their feet in the newwork to perform. will be frustrated. Joseph is not ly made furrow.

a retranslation. Ages attempt to is twenLIVER COWDERY repentance seems that is a goodTT incident of the foresaw ago QV'least, tythree God years old. At this thing. Joseph has found provided lost manuscript the and this will be he October. coming

octrue thanto one be on more it. the which against book is With almost a year younger than He

is this proof a strongercasion; but are received angel the of Joseph Joseph. the Like young man willingFather's ever of thethan "plates called of the some plates, to he had see, he come was whom

"his children forgive toness upon is translate to he These Nephi."in born Vermont.

repentleast genuine signthe of the cover instead. about They is a profession he school By does in he them.ance While as the that part has been time not same teacher. therefore, has, He some

expect, to or commit youwant, difference translated, the main education. year the school During

if if stillsin, you do and you greater deare these in that being just in closed he taught Manchesrepentance, true stands hemanifest of history religious the to tail as ter, live. the where AccordSmiths

forgive. to willing Thatready and Nephites. early the to ing the time, the of custom he

is Itis to thing know. a great

in "boarded the round"homes is It of a meansfundamental. the with standing 7 OSEPH'S his pupils came. which from Thus be- a relationshiprestoring broken restored, thus been having Lord it J for a that he lived time was

the Almighty. and youtween at wait, pray, to to proceeds he and the of the family. Smith home

he, too, that within It seems, sent to to be for one some it first here that he was him And leaves limits, yourcertain to you scribe. as Harris Martin to replace facts learned in the the claims

own resources, even when he has And he is promised that such a Joseph to having seen an angelof given you a commission, jFor, one shall be sent in due time. and to having in his possession a

as a matter of fact, the Lord could Meanwhile, Joseph sets to work set of gold plates of ancient origin.

prevented Joseph from givinghave the in order farm, again on if to to Oliver had wanted know manuscript; Harris theMartin wife the for himself and or, provide the truth in rumors any there was

the manuscript having been taken necessaries of life and to lay up a concerning Joseph.

Harris, the Lord Martinaway by the against store of provisions deepbeen had Cowdery Young become caused it not to havecould translating time he will be when affected ly the Smiths by what lost; or, the papers having been the ancient record. told him. Naturally of a religious

lost, brought could have the Lord year of the April Early in of 1829 turn mind, not though a memits restoration withoutabout to see Joseph comes any a strange man church, anxious ber of any he was alteration. But the Lord did not at his home. to know for himself whether Josallowed things. these of any Hedo is a yoke plowing with Joseph true. eph's claims were so he And

their course take tomatters own is It his oxen. of own to out. find to had come Harmony land—a point. certain to That—up he plot of small which ground sit the there S two young men A his purposes were wherepoint was fatherin-law, his has bought from their feet the ground, on with this wasinterfered with. Maybe acre ninetyseven a that of part in tired the the furrow oxen and told he meant Moroni whenwhat his too, are oxen, own. farm. The rest, glad a to of chance exthey to that come wouldJoseph God a Mr. purchased from them He confidences change informaand plates were the rescuehis when is of one plow Thompson. The first tion. gets Oliver desired the case in hisin only danger own handles the that those hold you by story the angel the of hand and failed. resources andpowers is especially hold, to that hard and plates. decides stay to and He the losing manuscript of This this. like in unbroken ground On later, write for Joseph. days Two it lesson, was a but sorrowfulwas Josstranger, the the of approach therefore, translation the the of

its compensations. withoutnot Nephite history is resumed. The

A FEW days later than the time curtain is put up again; Joseph

* this word was received through takes his place on the one side, the urim and thummim, both the and Oliver on the other side, with

Nephite plates and the interpreters paper and pen and ink.

are given back to Joseph by the As time goes on and the dictaAngel of the record. Thereupon tion proceeds and is set down,

he looks again into the sacred Oliver takes a notion that he stones for further guidance. And would like a further "witness"

he obtains the necessary informathat he is engaged in God's work tion. and not Joseph Smith's.

The Improvement Era for May9 1931 395

This idea, no doubt, takes its There are several threatened inare getting ready to drop their rise from two sources. Only two terruptions, though. task of translation and go to work

months before Father Smith, while For one thing, the young men for a while at some job, along on a visit to his son Joseph, had are visited by persons from the comes this good, kindly soul, with requested that Joseph inquire of east. Father Smith is one of these, enough supplies of all sorts to last

the Lord what part he, Father as we have seen. - So also are for some time. Nor is that all.

Smith, was to play in the new reJoseph's brothers, Hyrum and "Boys,"he tells them, "I'll be ligious movement, and Joseph had Samuel H. These have come behere again before long, with more

received a revelation for the elder cause they are greatly interested supplies. There's plenty where

Smith. Oliver had doubtless heard in the work of translation, and these came from."

of this, on Father Smith's return they have traveled about a hundred And he is true to his word.

home. And then, too, young miles to gratify this interest. And For on several occasions he makes

Cowdery wants a further witness they carry back with them some the journey from Colesville to for himself. So Joseph inquires, very interesting things they have Harmony carrying supplies to Josand receives a revelation for Oliver learned about what they have come eph and Oliver.

through the interpreters. to call "a marvelous work and a Among the youthful acquaintQNE thing that Oliver is told for,wonder."and received,For theyrevelationshave alltouchasked Whitmer.ances of the young men is David no one else knows but himself, ing themselves, through Joseph's

"Call to mind,"says the divine looking into the urim and thum- T) AVID WHITMER lives at a

Spokesman, "the night you cried mim. ** place called Fayette, on the

unto me in your secret prayer, road as you go from Manchester, that you might know whether 'T'HEY take back with them adnot far away, to Harmony, just these things are true. Did I not monitions to serve God with over the line separating the states

speak peace to your mind? What all their heart and mind and of New York and Pennsylvania.

greater witness can you have than strength; to cultivate the virtues He is now about twentyfour years

that? And now you have anof brotherly kindness, wisdom, old.

other witness. For I am telling knowledge, faith, and kindred He and Oliver are closer friends

you what no other man knows."qualities, as being vastly greater than he and Joseph. They first

Another thing Oliver is told than all the riches of the world; met in Palmyra. David was there

in this revelation: "Seek not for to thrust in their sickle, for the on business. This was after the

riches, but for wisdom. If you harvest is ripe; but not to preach young pedagogue had taken his

do that you shall be rich indeed, till they shall have studied the school position in Manchester. A

for the mysteries of God shall be word of the Lord, and then only strong friendship had sprung up unfolded to your mind. He that to preach repentance to their genbetween the two.

hath eternal life is rich. Be faitheration. Among the things they talked

for thing, then, another And about first occasion on that were ful keeping and diligent in my literary workers run two out the connected rumors with young patient, be the commandments. Be provisions-—at least, they are Smith. to the These rumors were sober, temperate. be Stand by my of

to. about effect that of their one neighbors servant faithfully Joseph in whatin this Samaritan good The case claimed seen to have an angel ever and circumstances in be he may

is Joseph Knight. than no other in his possession some to have now for the you, Word's sake. Unto

this man before in gold plates which he had dug up as well as unto him, I give the We have met if to stop biography, you will hill. out of a neighboring the gift keys light this of The which by

think. well along He is a man boys interested, were shall very much this to be ministry, brought

in fact, to and wondered if there was anythat every word shall be established in years—old enough,

by the mouth of two witnesses."bemen—andthe fatherhe of the two young truth in these rumors. Oliver, as lives in Colesyille, being on the ground, said he would

investigate and report to DavidrLIVER is satisfied. He has Broome county, New York.

they should again. when meet Or granted been another bit of Josthat to he came know TJOW write. he maybe would does He is evidence that right the he on Oliver in need eph were and both. his report favorwas And tellspath. his he comAnd now say. provisions, history of does not able. a certain ofpanion in night Mansuspicions. For have But our we fact, In he said, intended, hechester earnprayed he most when the those were unusual days with his school out, when to go wasestly reveal that to would him God beginners of "Mormonism."a visit to At on young in Smith and thisthe truth concerning marvelous as all just events, the men young case felt satisfied, he assist to himthing about, he heard had and

that his prayer was answered. Bein translating the ancient record.

sides he had been made a virtual On his way to Harmony in April, partner with Joseph in this new Oliver called on David at his home religious movement. in Fayette, and when he left there

he promised to write his impresFrom now on, therefore, the sions. This he did, at the same

translation of the Nephite history time sending a few lines of what goes on uninterruptedly. Joseph he had written. The two have beendictates and Oliver writes—the one corresponding all this time that

behind the screen, the other in Oliver has been with Joseph.

front of it. [Continued on page 43 0]

Making Economic Fur Fly By PROF. FRANK R. ARNOLD

of the Utah Agricultural College

O one can drive along the Yellowstone highway*&Nfrom Salt Lake to Ogden without becoming fur conscious, such happy hunting grounds do the lake shores and sloughs furnish for muskrats and such perfect fox farms might be up in the mountains. And if you

stop to see Wilford Wood of Wood's Cross before you push north you will get a fur complex equal to that of a French trapper at the time when Bridger first invaded the west or. that of a buyer

at the Frederick Huth auction rooms in New York City. Wilford Wood knows fur, and loves

fur, and makes you love it. His

boyhood trapping days in the skins.mountains between Salt Lake and Mr. Wood's teepee trademark—a teepee covered with bear and cougar

Morgan started his fur frenzy. A

mission he fulfilled in Michigan an inheritance from his father of tractions, and a view of the Great and Manitoba for the "Mormon"thirtythree acres of dry farm Salt Lake where summer nights

Church showed him that waste grapes has given him the best fur the aeroplane lights flash in the land was fine for fur farms, and producing food. Now he is makeyes of the buffalo on Antelope

ing the fur fly financially, is the Island, your visit will be fur from leading pelt buyer in the five states start to finish. Mr. Wood will

of Utah, Nevada, Arizona, Idaho, take you up in his high vineyard, and Wyoming, thinks that every tell you how his father started dry boy scout should have a fur profarm grapes there many years ago, ject, and wouldn't care if the wool cultivating all the eastern and tariff were removed. Would just European varieties from Black

as soon see the grazing lands of Hamburgs to Concords and from

Utah covered with silver foxes as Malvoise to Niagaras. He'll show

with sheep. What's wool, now-a- you the old barn where the hay

days, in the eyes of a fur man! used to be packed in November

Why every woman wears more with Casabas and honeydews waitfur, cotton and silk just now than ing for the Thanksgiving and she does wool. She is even willing Christmas market. Then he'll

to deny herself food if necessary tell you the Aesop's fable about in order to have a fur coat. the fox and the

grapes, quote "X/f R- WOOD will talk eloquentfrom the Bible f- * ly and convincingly of fur about how the spoil visit foxes to go him and you when

: the J aW then disvines and find will many you though Mr. Wood and a pair of tame raccoons

The Improvement Era for May, 1931 397

you'll begin to see the relations beretailers, you can easily see how a became surer than ever that our tween grapes and silver gray foxes pelt can increase in cost two to musk rat pelts whether they came and realize that the best fox farm is three hundred per cent and it from west of the desert or from one located in a vineyard. Acstands to reason that pelts glazed, Soda Springs could be demonstratcording to Mr. Wood the best tanned, dyed, and made into coats ed as equal to any in the United

food for foxes is fruit, if you want or trimming material in the West States. He claims that by this

to produce fur of superior quality. can compete successfully with the means he has changed the grading

Especially grapes, though oranges, commercial output of New York in the furs of his district from apples, grape fruit and "Southern Stuff"to gradvegetables are also good. ing according to quality

Laurel wheat, a Utah and thus has raised their breakfast food, has also values twenty per cent.

been found good but grapes are better. When (CRAPES for fur, fair the foxes are becoming grading for Utah and

prime they must have surrounding states, furs vegetable food. Only durtanned and made up at

ing the breeding season home to avoid middle and the 53 days of gestamen's prices, these are some tion is meat necessary for of the fur features in which them. Mr. Wood argues Mr. Wood takes pride las

that the lightest, fluffiest Silver Foxes raised by Mr. Wood well as profit. One of the

furs come from Alaska next things he wants to where the foxes live on birds and and London. Another advantage fight for is fur in the Boy Scout

berries and never have been able in the home market is that when scheme of merit badges. At presto catch up with wild horses and the pelts are all weighed the fur ent there is no distinctive award

make a meal off them as do their farmers can see and compare qualfor the Boy Scout who knows relatives in captivity on fox farms. ities of leather and fur as produced trapping and the treatment of

by various foods pelts. And yet such knowledge

A FTER partaking of grapes with Then, too, the matter of gradis always an important source of ** the foxes you next go with ing is all to the advantage of income for a country boy as well

Mr. Wood to see his silver foxes the home grader. When Mr. Wood as an introduction for him to

and his racvaluable coons which corners of arearoundin yards andsociologybiolo- a mammoth gy. You

teepee over cannot exwhich are;,,4 pect the Boy

stretched Scout to skins of start a fur bear and farm and cougar that compete in h e h a s the business bought a t world. Fur

the state farming sales of doesn't pay bounty % except for skins. This wm&Si high priced

brings you fur and even near his tanBuffalo on Antelope Island in full view of Mt, Wood's Tannery there silver nery and foxbreeding work rooms and his storage warefirst landed in St. Louis with his stock this year has fallen as low

house which is cooled by water pelts he was (asked where they as $300 a pair when five years from mountain springs and has were from and though they were ago it would nave brought $800, cement walls four feet thick. You from Utah they were graded as and the average silver fox pelt this

thus get into the business side of "Southern Stuff"so as to reduce year brought only $47 to $125 fur and here Mr. Wood is even the purchase price. He was coneach while last year they were

more eloquent than he is on grapes. vinced that Utah could produce forty per cent higher. This is

According to him the pelts sold as fine a quality of fur as any business for a financier, but a Boy in the home market, tanned there, eastern section and better than any Scout can certainly learn to recogand made up there represent a vast southern, so he asked the graders nize at least 20 different pelts from economy in avoiding the middle to pick out some of their best rat muskrat and ringtailed cat to chinman and in securing honest gradskins and he would select the best chilla and seal, he can learn taning. When you think of the St. of his and then they wouldn't be ning, he can visit mink, raccoon,

Louis floor sales, the New York able to tell which was which. And beaver, and fox farms, as well as

auction rooms, the brokers, the they couldn't. Mr. Wood had the buffalo and beaver preserves, he

manufacturers, the wholesalers, the same experience in New York and [Continued on page 426]

First Train in Utah He Knew the "Rocket"and "Puffin* Billy By Dr. LOWRY NELSON

Of the B. Y.U.

to see—after leaving England and ITsincehas beenGeorgeoneStephensonhundred yearswas next railroad train he was destined and Liverpool the Manchester—establishing in instrumental Pacific train after the Union was railroad from successful the first transcontithe of the completion but Mr. Manchester, to Liverpool late sixties. in the nental system American of Robinson Wm. S.

assisted father Robinson's Mr. his 90th in is now Fork, who

year, remembers well the first locoin the construction of the Livermotive to operate on those historic pool and Manchester railroad, and rails. The name of the first locoafter it was completed, he became

motive was the "Rocket."Three a "guard"on the road. A "guard"

locomotives which were contemwas possibly the equivalent of our poraries of the "Rocket"and American conductor.

which operated on the same line Mr. Robinson remembers a

were "Puffin'Billy,""Samson"number of interesting details about and "Goliath."this first railroad. The engine,

"Rocket,"weighed 7 tons. It

if as there were of snow. The MR.bornROBINSON,in England whoin 1840,was muchwould asnot2 inchesrun

came to Utah in 1849 at the age cylinders were vertical, and the of nine. He was among the first average speed was twelve miles per

Wm. S. Robinson settlers of American Fork. The hour. (History records, however,

The Improvement Era for May, 1931 399

Mr. Robinson thinks they were of ducks on the surface; and natural

better off in those days than people meadows where every j morning you could are today. seemuchherdsof aofdesert."deer; I don't see that it's

times there were "But you went when 'this talk desert about being a "They

I weren't there?"asked. it hungry here,"out call he said. "I wouldn't

a desert. When you have as pretty a "Oh, yes, we were on rations a time

stream of mountain water as ever flowed or two. But then, you see, everybody

running past(your door; a nice large lake was; in the same boat, and we didn't

of fresh water near at hand, in which mind so much. Not like it is now, when

there were plenty of fish and with plenty a few are rolling in wealth and many people going hungry. In those days

people ishared /with one another, and weren't so anxious to get hold of the

The Young Seer dollar.

"Brigham Young told us how to do, said. we* did and Robinson it,"Mr. "He 'lofty cathedrals quiet of T'HE a real leader. to was told you what He be as prayer, or May it may be

death, eat, how to dress, how to raise youi

A dimwalled tomb for human babies, and how to hold your girl when seeking. you 'dance with her."

Religion incarnate, been had made he called the dancto memory AS the old, body, growing And was "ing of the early days, Mr. still exalted, worshiped and

Salute Your Partner And entombed. Robinson remarked that the pioColor and movement, and the neers had very good times at the

music, hushed whole that the achieved "Rocket"a maxdances. only allowed were They all as for drawing a funeral, speed miles per hour Were of 29imum evening; to the all the one waltz silence, toward

in trial runs). The railroad had Closing men's eyes aforetime, rest of the dances being of the to be absolutely straight, or the—Why did they make Death to be "square"variety. And, as he altheir Cod, train track. would There jump the aid, the in ready had manner

sleep And the passengers were no tickets. The held of death their peace!1 which the the boy girl was

paid their fares in cash, on the Life is everywhere, where laughter quite rigidly supervised.

train. is permitted,

For there is childhood, wide eyes It is truly amazing to realize and questions. that we have living among us a

TN regard to the early necessity There is laughter still for Amerman whose memory goes back to youth, the very beginning "* of railroads absolutely being of the marvelthe rawness And ica's of our farmboy transportationstraight ous systems derailing, in order to of the avoid days, it is of interest to note that Cooper Our heritage all measureless, our world. It is suggestive of the albuilt the "Tom Thumb"in 1829 future wholly marvelous, most incredible development which

which was able to negotiate curves. Whilehouse.our present was a lean loghas taken place since the organizaMr. Robinson's father, incidenThere were wooded hills and valley tion of the Church in 1830.

tally, was the first to suggest the lands, to sons them, many work Anduse of sand as a safety measure to reading the of Bible by the And prevent the slipping of the wheels evening fire.

on the rails in wet weather. It And the matter of Cod could nevet be settled—afterhappened during a run which

and Baptists and gotthe "Rocket"and away they Methodistsstaunch Presbyterians, were unable to stop it on account Testifying, proselyting, arguing salvation.of the slipping wheels the wet on

rails. directors of the The comFrom among these men rosei askedpany senior, Robinson, Mr. Joseph the Prophet,

what he would suggest as a means Young as America itself, of preventing it, and he recomTall with a good inheritance, race's his questioning, withmended that supplies of sand be Intent aside. to longer be turned no

at certainprovided points along the way, so that they could put O young seer of the New World.

it on the rails when it was needed. Kneeling near the great trees and

asking of God, TN addition to his historic imSurelyat itlastis you who can save us the darkness that came uponx portance as a connecting link From fathers. our

with the beginnings of modern Ere yet We grow to manhood and railway transportation, Mr. Robawareness of death,

inson is a very good source of early Teach us the full honest faith of history concerning the settlements Lest youth,we too turn and cower for in Utah valley. Perhaps of chief shelter

interest in this connection is his Within dark words and dark walls, general attitude toward the early Callingof themGod. sanctuary, worshipingdays. While many of the pioneers—Anna Musser.

think they had a hard time of it, There was Plenty of Game

TOMORROW

a after less. a little Tomorrow, There is a By beTOMORROW! aching rest, the dull, night's good

fascination about this word MRS. NESTOR NOEL throb may be easier to bear! SupIf we are feeling depressed pose the pain as bad as ever, will

because skies;are dull and grey, not tomorrow be visiting day? All

the matter? sunwhat Tomorrow that (the of sufferers magic know sees she happiknees, her round

I shining bemay outside the brings which word ness and peace—tomorrow! just passed If the has postman are they to shows and them world Little the Child knows Even the us not doorour brought and of loved. Hours remembered and there if today, be she that good

letter,longdelayed even then we there drearier were be would pain Is prize, a tomorrow! be may lose for bring he hope: notdo may visiting no not party tomorrow? the Did not days,—tomorrow!

it tomorrow! downs and have ups many to take her promise to Mother We

left so child home The who tothe lives. of think in our to that tomorrow, We town buy girl the years ago, or boymany will be farm our natural, when jointed doll morrow French with bitterfor shed such we whom searetire the to can sold and eyes? we sleeping hair curly blue and

ittears today, back not come may for live dreams. side of our little breathes a child sigh of We The see is true; but tomorrow we may the mortgage the relief when tomorrow the into pillow, her becausethis child—now grownup,—'turn quicker she goes to> sleep, the will be lifted, and the dear old

lane the walk old anddown last! at will our be farm will own sooner come! tomorrow just door, front straight to our up never forward, look Those the who sufferer Even a bed poor on if there as casual old, way,in the be happy; can always of in pain, her in backward, or own home bein bitter years been nohad future the one what for no the knows hospital, toto looks forward tween. wise store. a in It was have may the morrow. pain Tomorrow, may

! Withthe tomorrows golden O that Providence we of provision

live? could we them, out how lies in the toTo cannot what know Child, and every Man, Woman lives! of our morrow tomorrow means promise. The hue. a this rosy paint can We in prospects sees pright

ithe bright look can through his We is sure HeManbusiness—tomorrow! it golden. color lenses which We right, all will be that everything

he need not worry any more after can see the silver lining to every tomorrow. Tomorrow, the Elcloud. When will bright days

dorado will be his! come? When will the cloud be

be lifted? days will our When.shining sees love The Woman happito overflowing with the filled eyes, she sees in tomorrow's fulfilment of all her dreams, she ness? The answer is—tomorrow!

sees the castle in the air come true, We know that we do not own she sees little children playing the past, that we are uncertain of

The Improvement Era for May, 1931 401

the future. Only the present is tomorrow is an island of sunshine morrow, why not enjoy them in

ours. Why then do we so long in a sea of sorrow. anticipation? Have you seen that

for tomorrow, which we may I love the word "tomorrow."beautiful picture called Anticipanever have? It is because we may Often I go to sleep with it on my tion!"In it the bride to be looks

have it, and tmY chance fills us lips because it is so gracious! Supforward, eager, unafraid.

with the joy of anticipation. We pose we do not have tomorrow? We need not fear the morrow.

do not want to be pessimists and Is that a reason why today we With each day will come its say that tomorrow never fulfils the should not enjoy tomorrow? strength.!

expectations of today. On the The optimist enjoys tomorrow. If to look forward makes us

contrary, we love to think that it It is the golden land of opportuchildren, is there anything wrong will surpass our best imaginings, nity. He prepares for it all the in this? Have not i wonderful

our wildest expectations! time. He sees it in a vision, keepthings been promised us if we beTomorrow is [unknown, and ing it ever before his eyes. The tocome "as little children?"

there fascination is a about an unlives his of children's morrow Tomorrow! The magic of that quantity. not Are all helps we to harder.known him work word!

the to like children longing is open The man or woman who parcel to see what is inside? Unworking for one of life's \ prizes Qur hair may turn grey, and

alert, but, senses be may not less the past us gloomy has made reour looks the to tomorrow when still, for will j stand tomorrow does pessimists it seldom (and It is this gloward will be won.

this) tomorrow hides untold posrious onward look which teaches something intangible, something sibilities. It is like the deep, unus not to be content with today's which must ever spur us on to

explored cavern. The best of it is success. Tomorrow we may do so greater efforts.

that we never can explore tomormuch better! Tomorrow! Do you not feel

row, because when it comes it is When people tell me not to be its hope, its wondrous possibilities?

today! "Hope springs eternal in forever looking forward, I will Let people talk as they like! Look

If there be forward! a glamour is listen face to for them, the human my breast"—else how not It can in not? tomorrow, why its risingcould to the turned sun and we live?

age—tomorrowTomorrow keepshelpsupusourto coursmile promiseevery joyis golden.Life has Whyto offer?not takeIf do Tomorrow,us no harm. tomorrow, and

even while our hearts are broken these joys cannot c me until totomorrow!

Advice to Parents From an address by President Heber J. Grant, on April 6, 1902,

us teach our children by knowledge of the Gospel without ence of the adversary and thoseLETexample as well as by preteaching. Some men argue, "Well, who are working against us are

cept. When we earn a dol- I am a Latterday Saint, my waning. * * *

lar let us pay ten cents as tithing; wife is a good Latterday Saint, I rejoice in the * * * fulfillwhen we give the children a dollar we were married in the temment of the prophecy of the

tell them to pay ten cents to the ple and were sealed over the altar Prophet Joseph Smith, that after

Lord. Let us see that they go by one having the Priesthood, acthe Latterday Saints should be

regularly to Sunday School, Pricording to the new and everlasting driven, and many put to death by mary and the Mutual Improvement covenant, and our children are their persecutors, and others lose

Association, and, in this way, bound to grow up and be good their lives in consequence of exthey will learn to love the work Latterday Saints; they cannot posure and disease, that some

of the Lord; their time and talents help it; it is born in them."should live to go to the Rocky

will be occupied; and they will I have learned the multiplicaMountains. I rejoice that we have

have no time to waste with those tion table, so has my wife; but become a mighty people. The

things that are not good. I have will our children be born with a growth of the Latterday Saints,

heard men and women say they knowledge of the multiplication in view of all the opposition and were going to let their children table? I may know that the Gospersecution against the people, is

grow to maturity before they pel is true, and so may my wife; simply marvelous, and we are besought to teach them the principles but I want to tell you that our ing looked upon in wonder and

of the Gospel, that they were not children will not have that knowlamazement by intelligent people. *

going to icram the Gospel down edge, unless they study it and gain "God bless you, my brethren them in their childhood, before a testimony for themselves. * * * and sisters. God bless all the inthey were able to comprehend it. My brothers and sisters, if we stitutions of Zion, and help us all

I think such people are lacking will study the Scriptures and keep to be true and faithful, to be dilifaith in the principles of the Gosthe commandments of the Lord, gent in the performance of our dupel. * * * The Lord has said it all the promises will be fulfilled ties, and to set an example worthy

is our duty to teach our children in upon our heads, and we will grow of the imitation of the world. May

their youth, and I prefer to believe in light, knowledge and intelliGod help us to do this, and to him rather than the words of those gence. There is no such thing as teach our children, that they may

who are not obeying his commandstanding still. The Church is not be exalted with us in the Celestial

ments. It is folly to imagine that standing still; * * * it is prokingdom, is my prayer, in the

our children will grow up with a gressing, and the power and influname of Jesus Christ. Amen."

Glancing, Through Brief Reviews of Outstanding Magazines

By ELSIE T. BRANDLEY

thereafter, until he time Spank it Out every it, this punishbreaking stopped

By Garry Cleveland Myers ment to be inflicted in no other (From the Forum) situation. We felt that if we

could make forbidden things disgeneral idea that a child tasteful enough, he would avoid them, and were surprised to findTHEpsychologist is an expert that very few spankings were necwho believes in letting chilessary to bring results. The mere

dren do as they please is a false "No"often sufficed. So far as we

one, created by others than psycan discover, the spankings have chologists themselves, and through had no undesirable effects.

them the notion has percolated that all forms of corporal punishThis systematic development of ment are barbarous and brutal—specific inhibitions during early

that the scientific rearing of chilyears justified itself at once. By

dren forbids spanking. the time the children were four

years old, the spankings could be

Has anyone ever proven sciensubstituted effectively by less drastifically that a child should or tic measures. By saying "No"

should not be spanked? Opinions and giving a few spankings to

have been offered, and I am merely prove that we meant it, we have offering another. been able to avoid much of the

The difference between destroynagging and scolding otherwise ing a neighbor's flower garden at have been told, but mere telling made necessary.

the age of four and robbing a gas does not always penetrate. It must be remembered always

is a matter at onlystation twenty it prevents, but that punishment warnings our can make we How of the degree, breakdownof and a child teach. spank does not their a part of To to children become

in American the authorityparental his to pick in order up make him I the believe answer being? very of a cause basic is doubtlesshome connecestablishes blocks wrong is oldfashioned this in the good to child crime.increasing The who pain with good vigorously administered spanking, tions—identifying of the learned meaning nothas short, In bad. instead of behavior intelligently. applied enough and third his birthday before"No"negative I believe that comonly strike would parent thinking No to and property dangerouswill be given, only should be and face, mands nor or a the child head on others. rights of the jeopardizewill children. to of them, a young few hairbrush. a or shoe Some use will the of word meaningThe property, destroy not to is it Tell them switch, a prefer but when life at later in learned to behave dangerous to meddle with not where ever knows needed nobody other cost himself tofearful and people, other to not things, annoy it is, the of hand, the palm andpeople. let disobey, they "No"and when always like have poor, the you

Intake my hat off to the mother with you. mean instant inhibition. If this

is not enough, a spankingwho can teach small children to My belief in spanking is the rewarninghandle property carefully and consult of experiment. Deliberately is in order. A small child need

sider the rights of others without my wife and I outlined a program not always see why; give him habit

inflicting pain, but she will have to use with our three children. patterns first and reasons afterto be a most skillful person, and Certain things they were told not ward. I believe a child should

will have to spend a great deal of to do, and when they disobeyed, learn early that there are certain time with the children. they were spanked; and we always things he must not have and must

Early lessons in restraint are had a number of toys ready to not do; that fundamental inhibivaluable for many reasons, one bewhich they could turn, that the tions are acquired most easily being the acquaintance with basic spanking should not assume undue fore the child is three years old

safety habits. Hundreds of the importance. We agreed that it was and that the practical and comchildren who are run over or necessary that the child should feel monsense method of driving home

burned have never been taught to immediate pain the first time he these lessons is the good oldavoid these dangers. They may broke a law we had imposed, and fashioned spank!

The Improvement Era for May, 1931 403

all outdoor work to bookthose in charge of her, it is made. It Isn't Paradise, but—from

keeping"is performed by the in- "A character review is given periBy Augusta W. Hinshaw mates. Farming, operating a canodically to try to determine the

(From World's Work) nery, laundry work, sewing, rugextent to which the recent mode making, upholstering, painting of of living has affected each woman,

A LL hope abandon, ye who enfurniture, as well as Red Cross and steps taken to insure continued

Jr ter is the unwritnursing and household manageimprovement."here'—such

ten legend over the gateway of ment are taught. Reading, writing, Dr. Harris's method was begun

the old school penitentiary. 'What bookkeeping, stenography and in April, 1927, with 15 inmates,

are you able to do best?'How can typing are also taught, and a lito whom she put up the problem

we prepare you while you are here brary is available for all. Each fairly, telling them that society

to support yourself outside when woman is given some choice of ocregarded them as incurably undeyou leave?'These are the first cupation and study, and little time pendable members, and putting bequestions Dr. Mary B. Harris puts is left her for discontented broodfore them a challenge to prove soto the woman who has been coming over the conditions which ciety wrong. By the time the

mitted to the Federal Institution placed her there. "Her primary next fifty women arrived the origfor women at Alderson, West Virpunishment is the loss of freedom inal fifteen were ready to take

ginia, for violation of a federal to live a misguided life, and the charge of them in the cottages, law."deprivation of such delights as may and they delighted in the responsiThe future of a woman, and have gone with it. She is matricbility given them. Dr. Harris renot her past, is the problem of ulated in an institution semiin- alizes that criminal tendencies canparamount importance when Dr. dustrial and semieducational, and not be uprooted in a moment,

Harris (our only woman prison sentenced to a regulated, purposeand she is willing to give the time head) talks over a case with the ful existence while she is there."necessary, whatever it m*y be, to

staff members of the institution, The success of this institution's accomplish the desired results. matterand since no laws she what granted 170 paroles Of the the radical largely to is due may method

it violatedhave is a future of sane, opened, one prison only departures usual prison Alderson from made purposeful living toward which broken. "Alderson's has been practices. exhaving had Matrons

isplans are made. will set a "Her past accomplishments present their perience in other jails, with

considered only as it indicates that inevitable traditions of suspicion, high ideak for the prison world, future which will be most likely aloofness, the hopeless incorrigiand it is earnestly to be hoped that to prevent the repetition."bility of the inmate and the perwork of the character of Alderson

The federal institution, with its functoriness of her own work, and will shortly be undertaken in every 500 acres, its administrative buildthe results of this policy are indistate in the Union."

ings and its sixteen cottages for cated by the love and appreciation inmates, has nothing about it to the inmates come to feel for their Parade of the Wooden

It issuggest prison. beautifully

warders. Womensituated, dwell and those who

of handling manner The newthere are as as possible made happy Reed Brown Ruth is cases so friendly, so By so casual, faces to of into look the the Forum) (From—but unprisonlike that is taken a woman left therethose of their when one

off enters as guard she as soon and is released exthat provesnumber any would woman ALMOST is Harris, questioned Dr. and byile, is in even places, pleasant never if accused wrathful you wax interest her the in outprogram isparadise. "a prison Alderson crea- a rubber her being of stamp is lined for her Careful awakened. yard, speakjunk of in a manner is course, ture. individual, She, of is kept progress of her watch and hearts,ing, of defunct broken dethe of innocently unaware and if is a change recommended by batteriescharacter punctured, and standardizathe gree into which

deflated spirits. Society's task is tion of styles has moulded her. But

the reconditioning of the usable under the present system of "stybest to be found in virtually every ling"can any woman be individhuman being, in the hope that it ual? Ask, in any shop, to see

may be fitted into the social order something out of the prevailing rather than returned, a certain clog fashion and you will realize that in the machinery of life."a great machinery has been set up

To the women who come to to standardize styles.

order the disciplineAlderson of I spring To be personal—Last

is real punishand responsibility a simple dark blue coat, bought ment at first, but later it does and military in line. Last fall I

wonders in the way of bringing decided to buy a new blue dress, about physical and moral improveand make me an allblue ensemble.

ment. To the surprise of every Entering every large shop in New

woman who enters as an inmate, York in turn I was told that blue she finds that her time will not was not smart this season; that

be spent in idleness, but employed they could not show me a blue in a manner which will be advandress; that only black, green,

tageous when she leaves. Cooking, brown and wine were being

serving, housekeeping, "virtually shown. I did not get a blue dress.

every task of institutional upkeep, Some weeks later I bought a red 404 The Improvement Era for May, 1931

help is a that in obtaining It's beautistep a uniform. an American began wine—anddress—not facts. of the clear statement really. fashion ful system, The to match. for a hat searchendless

Wine was the shade being shown, clinics are put on with great pomp, Banding together for mutual and I could not find a red hat to parading the living models, wearself-help, the "Mormons'have match my dress. Standardization? ing smart things, and sketches and ever been clannish, economically,

Almost to the point of obliteraswatches of materials are handed which condition promotes and tion. out to be taken home by all. It's safeguards "Mormon"interests in

The final straw which broke my gorgeous fun, sitting there and the state, but does not help nonfactors in parfeminine back came this fall when wondering how real these people "Mormons."Two

I craved a suit with a fluffy fox are, and how they can take themticular which contribute to this situation are: (1) their missionarycollar. Not unreasonable, but the selves so seriously. But hush! A

stylists had decreed that flat, shortstyle clinic is about to begin. The system of keeping in the field about

haired furs were smart for suits director arises and waves his hand, 2000 boys annually, who, upon (furs which add ten years to any like the leader of a great orchestra, their return are in need of work, woman's age). Everywhere the and the parade of the wooden woand deserving of it, and every efleaders fort is "Mormon"is made by green, brown men trained beautifully saleswomen on—black,

to provide people it, and and (2) and wine."furs are their song, "Flatsang

converts of immigration the new this year.smart We have only

localities, other lands and from flat furs."Among the Mormons in Utah suits with

A woman, just returned from By "An Observer"thesetion, alsoso againbeing intheneedpressureof occupaof tells she appalled York, howNew is authority influence and "Extension Magazine,"Church of (From the the expanse "nude"was by felt (business world. in Conthe Jan., 1930)

felt hats goblack forehead under for the mere thankful tented and streets. the neverdate, recent ing and but of up down XTOT the privilege in "Zion"of living

progressed of face enlightexpanses interesting - theless "These and accept will average "Mormon"fleets like is eggs article along the of enormous published unening, average the than lower wages the Avenues."Brims may be der the above title in a Catholic "Gentile,"and so the selfrespect-

flattering, and quotations you feminine Excerpts, and magazine. business ing man non-"Mormon"

is parts smart brims, pine for but it of condensation the somemay and is fine Catholic out. forced Many so forehead, of the appeal idea a clear you your of it give to show apparhere attracted families, by

either forehead (and help to for outside show your made prospects, assist ently form a soon good or a in your wrinkles) go without the 'insidious combating "Morsituation estimate correct of the new hat. mon"influence in Utah and the and move away. For this reason

What are these strange creatures intermountain west. the Catholic population in Utah

called stylists? Personally they are The diocese of Salt Lake, as is floating, and therefore unable

likable, nice girls, hailing from well as others of the intermountain to support the needs of (churches,

Peoria or Paducah or Kansas, their region where "Mormon"[settlepriests and missionaries. There is

pass keys being good looks, good ments are, is confronted by one one redeeming aspect to this contaste, native wit and enthusiasm problem which makes it unique dition, however, it keeps Catholics sharpened by two or three years the problem of "Mormonism."away from the undermining influthe of the population of are contacts. of They New York 75 % ence Those of "Mormonism."

it is state a making "Mormon,"serious intensely wellgroomed and here almost inevitably who remain about their work. Three tucks more dominant and powerful develop a respect and sympathy for

on a blouse instead of two are Church than any other in any "Mormonism"and its workings, quite enough to cause them agitaother state. for they see it functioning perfecttion. The Catholics have no desire ly. Catholics 'begin to wonder

\ jthe to attack "Mormons"—the does not church the idea original that the own why their From together well get very along two similarly, and her people protect retail buyers stylists advise would in help Catholics the need lead-—but Catholic that conclude elite wearing, the were as many to what first the the solving problem, and

is inefficient Catholic ership and diclinic the been has fashion the rect outgrowth. These hold forth policies unsound.

at the beginning of each season, The "Mormon"social system, and to them are sent buyers and organized to the highest point of advertisers from all over the efficiency, is likewise a menace to

United States who return home the Catholic. From the earliest

with the priceless information that days the "Mormons"have emphaBlue is not smart this year sized social diversion and control, only black, green, brown and wine and in every community and sowill be shown; flat furs will trim cial activity, Catholic children are

all suits; and hats will show the invited to participate. To the

forehead. "Manufacturer's madancing-parties held in the meeting

chines begin to hum and turn out houses of the "Mormon"people dresses of black, green, brown strangers are welcomed, and often and wine by the tens of thousands; respond. Many Catholics have

baldheaded (hats are strewn all married "Mormons"and raised over the country, all alike, all "Mormon"families, for even smart, all to be worn like a great though in some cases they are marThe Improvement Era for May, 1931 405

ried by Priests, they lose the faith the Book of Mormon to be the they have used the bitterest arguand permit the "Mormon"mate word of God, with no reservations. ments of the sixteenth and sevento dictate the religious policy for They are emphatic in their.denunteenth centuries. To combat this

the family. Many good old Cathciation of infant baptism. condition, the Catholics must conolic names are now, in Utah, good It is difficult to understand how tinue to broadcast and to develop

people are as moral the activity of the 'Truth So-"Mormon"names—Kelly, Murthe "Mormon"

phy, Hogan, Gallagher, etc. as they are, for little is said among ciety,"and to do this the diocese

But far worse than the economic them about sin, and examination must depend on outside help. We

and social influences of "Mormonof conscience, contrition, forgivemust have adequate Church faciliism"js the religious. The "Morness and penance is comparatively ties and priests. Our people must

mon"religion has built up an unimportant. Sanctifying grace is be kept in close contact with sacriatmosphere unfavorable to the unknown. This should give the fice of the Mass and with SacraCatholic faith, and in Utah there reader some idea of the unusual ments. There is great need also

is a noticeable lack of enthusiasm, influence which tends to pull down for Catholic schools, for nowhere devotion, initiative, reverence and everything Catholic. is jit so important to keep (the

hostility the "MorActivefaith from among Catholics.

late children out of public schools as it of aroused been has is materialistic, mons""Mormonism"to them God is a body of flesh through the use of the radio to is here. Catholic social centers must

and bones; the Trinity is made explain Catholic doctrines. Their be provided to keep their young

up of three separate individuals, ablest speakers have been giving people out of the "Mormon"socialphysically distinct from one anaddresses in which they have atmaelstrom—but to do this we

other. "As man is, God once was, tacked the Catholic church, and must wait for outside help.

and as God is, man may become,"is one of their platitudes, and thus there is no line between the natFacing, Life ural and the supernatural. The [Continued from page 386]

effect of such ideas on humility, reverence and worship may be unso important. It's the principle AS I conclude this article therederstood readily. "Mormonism"of saving. comes across my desk an ediis carnal, as shown by their belief 4. Do you regularly talk with torial written by one of the outin polygamy as a divinely reoutstanding men and women standing editorial writers of our

vealed principle; by their belief about your ambitions? Are you country for one of our outstandin the preexistence of the soul, analyzing the causes of their sucing papers. Some one else bids

which leads to the teaching that cess? you look ahead.

the duty of every man and wo- 5. Are you reading liberally

man is to provide bodies for the and intelligently into the field of Young Man, Look Ahead earth.spirits waiting to come to set interest? greatest Really your anfor are look of those not who "WeIt is their the interpretation of ended magazines times'as 'flush such the books and era other of down

command to replenish and multiwhich you have read in the last with the collapse of the stock market. We

ply, in its light there but can be undoubtedly, easier and times have three months. shall

they do come, with come, they will whenlittle of appreciation the lives of compare the do you believe economics. with oldfashioned 6. How We thecelibacy Catholic required of

is years, five to in next the country, in age of your it is others Sisters.Priests and That thrift, that birth'and of a have 'new to date. secured Training in alsocarnal the doctrine appears first, will prosper it practice those who

of the eternity of sex irelationHours devoted to study each first and most.

ships. From tthis standpoint they day. "With taxation increasing as it is,

are urged to contract suitable marAmount saved. andmore governmentfrom our earnings,separatingit isusgoingmoretoandbe

riages for eternity, if they would Attitude and personal bearing. more and more difficult to accumulate.

achieve perfection. If there could Our standards of living are going to be

be anything worse than this, it is Be fair to yourself. If you revised, whether we like it or not. Only

their idea that )sex exists even would get a real urge out of this those already rich may safely continue begin until their they also extravagances really outat the question look the Gods.among expendunnecessary feel the pinch of to social of your members religion, "Mormonism"standing As a itures.

has a minimum of worship, and groups. "The young men of today may well

It look future. take sacrifice. the of heed Practically service may ofno are those holding more 7. How

that it will be long not but rosy now, is there so a priest,every man positions responsible yours than live high. if too to continue they way class.is of clergy no Few different their essentially you? from will profits consalaries not large and Are Big

leaders have had specific theological you sure it is just a matter of tinue for those who spend them. Little

training, and the speakers at their longer experience? by little their burdens will increase and

meetings are farmers, business men, in midlife they are likely to be crowded 8. totaken of out Have you not has economies. There to unpleasant laborers, subtheclerks;and and

in since Civil the a all War, been time for that held you? day day general. are discussedjects most a judgment, young when man who our it extraordinary an made What the for respect see pressing a will not ahead, "Mormon"lookThe can

it If not wasn't, make day? why accumulation. for and economics reason as other in great is so notBible

it yet even doing so something by shall at arrive proseconomies we From claim for churches, theyProtestant it years perity, before be don't twenty that while and have you may worth it the of believe to be wordto God unnecessary. will Consider they become do. to correctis it translated as"insofar of this."Journal Chicago Commerce,

ly."In nice contrast they believe 9. What is your next move? Mar. 10, 1931.

Expatriation By HUGH J. CANNON

Qft)

Illustrated by Paul S. Clowes

QD

cultivate,"Nell said to herself.

"What would Nathan Hale do in circumstances similar to mine?"

A;lS the young fellow

was leaving the girls at the RedJessie had a similar field door, Nell said: "I have been

interview with Nate very happy tonight, happier than at any other time since the first joy of my (homecoming. Won't

you take us again tomorrow night,

Dick?""He's surely in love with you,"

Jessie commented when they were alone. "The way he looks at you

in the moonlight as he tells his wonderful stories ought to win the the hurricane and the wrecking of heart of any girl. Haven't you

the warships? Wasn't it the most accepted him yet?"

dramatic thing you ever heard, "No, but it has required will

Jessie?"power at times not to do so. You

"It certainly was. Haven't you know how I felt when I wrote

another one like it?"you from Tonga. But, Jessie, you

"Why, he's full of them,"Nell can't imagine how horrible it was responded. "Tell us about the to think I had no right to love a

time you were nearly shipwrecked man. Dick is wonderful. When

on the.Yellow Sea."he undertakes to do anything, he

is pretty sure to succeed, and I really am surprised at my success

OTH girls listened to in resisting him."

the recital almost breathlessly, and "But aren't you going to accept

Chapter Ten Nellown addedheroismsomeJwhichdetailsshe hadof Dick'sheard him"Well,now?"first I must be convinced

from Captain Evans. Dick blushed on three points. As he says, he is

like a girl, and to divert attention a heroworshiper. You can see from himself recurred to the story for that yourself. thought He been my had of the storm. Samoan act in going heroic. away was That andcalled on business, out of town NATE a heroic figure "What Rear the be Adfoundation for his love. may enterJessie that helpNell insisted

tain Dick. The three were much miral Kimberly must have been in I am sure it is the thing that started

together. One evening under a your boyish leyes,"Jessie said. him thinking of me. Then, too,

romantic moon they were boat- "Yes, and ever since. We sailhe is extremely sympathetic and

riding on the lake. Being an adept ors indulge in heroworship more pitied me in my distress. Was that

with.oars, the young officer reperhaps than most people; it's a the cause? Another thing, he had

ceived many compliments from his necessary part of our training. To not seen an unmarried American

companions on the dextrous manhave in mind what a real hero woman for many months. Perner in which he handled the craft. would do under stress, helps fit haps if he had, he would not have

"Do you remember the night us for the crises of life which are thought so seriously of me."

on Apia harbor,"Nell asked, sure to come.""But don't you love him?"

"when you told us the story of "That's a thought that I must "I assuredly do."Under her

The Improvement Era for May, 1931 407

"Another attempt on my part and the girls probably will not be on speaking terms and the men will be fighting a duel."

fall in the water and scrambling out with equal ease. Furthermore,

he had said many times, so the worthy matron reported, that he was always more attracted by breath she added, "As I love you Nate as rivals, and a perfectly blonds than brunettes.

and Father and Mother."natural pride prompted them to At the time Nell had attributed

be as agreeable as possible. On this warning to the too apparent

the other hand, despite determined fact that Mrs. Evans desired to

OEVERAL boatrides efforts to be sociable, the remainbring about a match between the and other excursions were taken ing members of the quartet were young officer and one of jher own before Nate returned. Then, as distraught and moody. relatives who was expected to pay

days passed, the four were fre- a visit to the Islands and who was quently together. Under other said to be a blond. Nell had, therecircumstances the men probably Nii ELL, aware of this fore, with a little amusement diswould have become fast friends. condition and heartily ashamed of missed the remark from her mind.

They were of a type to like each her own perverse conduct, made Now it came into her head with other, but present conditions prean honest but abortive effort to a startling bang. Jessie was a decluded any such thing. Each inimprove it. Suddenly out of this cided blond. Her own and Nate's

clined to the feeling that the other condition came a tiny and surpristaciturnity, which both had tried was in the way. ing ray of hope. She remembered to overcome, might be capitalized.

For obvious reasons, Jessie and that Mrs. Evans in Pago Pago had She found justification for this

Dick were at their best. One was cautioned her against placing too idea in the thought that if Jessie

trying to hold and the other to much confidence in Dick's protestacould not put up with such a qualwin a lover. In a sense, Jessie tions of devotion. He was volaity before marriage there was small

looked upon Nell and Dick upon tile, falling in love as he might hope for happiness afterward.

408 The Improvement Era for May9 1931

"From now on I'm going to was apparent the girl considered breed gloom,"she said to herself, the question an important one. LIN a subsequent lengthy

"all I can in Nate, with just "Yes; I'm not quite sure about letter the judge went into more

enough in myself that they'll not some things and I want to know detail before enWhile becomingthink I'm jealous."ground saying my "Jessie evening phoned this and asked

girl realized again. the gaged this, however, are you But when for an interview. feels that there She

there was little need for artificial going to set your wedding day?"is a reason for Nate's moroseness, and

gloom. "Nate is urging me all the time asked if I thought he still loved you.

to do it, but I haven't decided yet. I answered as best I could and retaliated

asking feelings. her about With own

usual her she frankness there admitted x\S was her custom, I'vethe chancewanted ofyoumakingand himup toif haveyou by a question in was her on this mindNell went to Mr. Redfield with cared to. Would you rather we'd point. Nate has won her rather comvery

this new thought, at the same time be married while you are away?"pletely—more so than any other young

has her, ever courted who and you fearexpressing the that ever if she girl Nell narrowly fellow watched The that is saying yet the much, and knowagain gave place to her in hope the question. as she put all rapturous love girls which I suppose

heart, and it were crushed, her life "Honestly, I don't think so, dream of having for the men they are would go out with it. Jessie. Of course it would seem planning to marry seems to be lacking.

actually Nate her heart, stormed Had I have thought "Mother and see of strange to somemarrying Nate the story different. be would Inthis solution,"the judge admitted, else all after plans. one our But perhaps his been lover as has a the main, conduct of course"but nothing can do we a are reasons there good why many it enbe would satisfactory—probably It such a thing.to bring about tirely so she never unfavorable had make seen him I should be here—the

else. yet, itself ardent to love associaevolve someone throughmust And cause absence would comment my

fervent she misses his deformer it istion. Perhaps

it, a for in a possibility for one thing."votion,while longs and measure I fear hardlybut probable."

this fact seriously does her, disturb not advice, Acting the judge's upon all realize that Nate's enthusiasm

Nell preparations affected to greatly made {visit iHE New York visit forhas webeen former by the far prolonged was time the beyond generously disappointment, she and makes relatives distantsome in York New set Nell's for return. reserve. his allowances for to her had long begged come originallywho

thing said she "One amused,was see so to do, There and much me—thatto the them. before evening On at acts times like a complacent more the relatives insistent so that she he left,she called Dick renewed and a race has than husband an who won longer, remain in her and own is it. lover ardent runninghis More plea who that to consent she marry

him. heart the dread of going back into than once she has felt like spanking him.

a situation so extremely hard to as she would a moping child. He needed

"I know it isn't fair, Dick, to meet, that she stayed on. Another either that or to have a charge of dynakeep you in suspense. I ought thing which contributed to the demite set off under him.

reply I a "In severe to crossex- rather yes can'tto say no, say but or the in lay was conveyed news Jessie letamination, admitted she would be Iyes honestly yet hope and now ters her parents Jessie that from if disappointed to preanything occurred will for good. not goyou away the vent persisted in marriage, a set refusing offer to date her though

Can't you be satisfied with that for the wedding until her friend's withdraw was made in good faith andto a confession?"of if be renewed would instantly eithermuch you return.

it. or desire Nate to seemed it's still afraid because "I'm you it left has her,""Nate with I a took step bold "Then which may fellowlove Nate?"young The Redfield "after result wrote, Judge a urgin fulfillment of our hopes or eyes into searchingly herlooked further complicate present the tangle I ing her expected more than him may

to honest, I he be and forwhich knew which already largely blame. to am to is the It circumstances. under

I suggested that Nate jolted might be heart, her into which themthrough is apparent to a that delay the me of his out It complacency jealousy. by to conscientious.he be knew relief I to inclined him, and am be dignified would more than spanking completely how "You know less and dangerous it than Jessie I to dynamite. senses also."think Both

gave Nate up, and naturally exshe and you had talked a good deal pect now that Jessie and he will about Dick and what a delightful charsoon be married. But perhaps the acter he is, and I said there were indicathat Nate had than more once been lovefact that I did him once nettled. little has tionssomewhat flirtation A the same to it harder awakenmade very with salutary a Dick might have

feeling again. I don't know about effect. The idea appealed to her. It

that."would be great sport, and she opined

"Well, you know I'll be satissubjectthat onethancouldthenotofficer.easily findApparentlya pleasantershe

fied with what you can give me likes him very much. Then a disturbing

and am going to hang around and thought came into her mind. While

see this thing through. You have making Nate jealous by such a flirtation

my proposal and it stands until sheand mightnot forarousethe inworldyou thewouldsameshefeeling,hurt you're ready to say yes. I'll not you more than she has already done.

take any other answer.""Women are gullible enough in some

ways (please excuse that platitude) but:

usually it's not easy to fool them, and

BiJEFpRE Nell left for Jessie is half inclined to think you have the proposed visit she had a long not entirely overcome the old love for talk with Jessie. Nate.now quiteHowever,as muchshein doeslove withthinkDickyou andare

"Are you going away without that not being sure of your own mind having an understanding with is the reason for your offishness. That

Dick?"the friend asked, and it [Continued on page 435]

-A Modern Thomas / By ROSABEL H. ASHTON \,

Illustrated by:;::;vv:- V

Paul S. Clowes

glanced a preoccupied with up WINGATE fff as his jn his entered furrow a letter. study mother hisB'ARRYbrow with w Ii

it aside, as laid she in stood waiting but for perturbation someHe tore to the read envelope his eye it, he absently openhim and ran:"(y jmW

fill a call contents. the to a mission! over It proved his Slowly

intense into galvanized being whole lifted to were dark with frustration. his mother alertness and the blue eyes he / &

"Mother, I can't go, now. Just as I have this

appointment with the government Geological Survey! It means work in line with my specialty and

money to continue my studies in the East."

10VE of learning went deep with

Barry. Born of a devoted mother and scholarly father, his resemblance was all to his

father of whom the boy was almost a mental replica. Since in every matrimonial

partnership one member must be practical, Mrs. Wingate conceived a great

respect for tangible results. Her face

clouded whenever she looked at her husband's splendid scientific library, the one really fine thing in the modest home, for to her it represented a world into which the young geologist had retired, away from her, and away from God. She

viewed with apprehension Barry's early predilection for the calling of his father. Since Dr.

Wingate's death, the going had not been easy and religious duties in the son's life had been supplanted by work.

At Barry's reply, his mother seemed to go numb. Recurring

years found him unready for a mission, until, at #*-'* last, she had connived at this call. "Crevices met his fingers, the toes of

Stooping, she his boots settled into grooves that supretrieved the letported his weight and he toiled upward, ter where it lay lashed by the cold, stinging spray, the crumpled and hungry waves churning at his feet."

410 The Improvement Era for May, 1931

reverently smoothed out its folds. ocean's floor was elevated above ping, falling, he reached the botThen with the objects of the room the little hills of the neighborhood. tom of the bluff and lay with outwavering in a watery kaleidoscope Leaving his companion at home, thrust face scrutinizing the bobof color, she groped her way toindisposed, Barry, one afternoon bing horror below. It proved a

ward the door. linked his way over the sand dunes toy balloon, dropped doubtless by

the beach The young man sobered at his and came to this headland—a beetsome merrymaker on

mother's reaction, appreciating, as ling escarpment, its face eroded above. But the experience lingered

he did, that all her dreams and and sandsculptured into a curious like a premonition.

hopes culminated in his going.

He blocked her way and laying his hands on the slender, workAttempts to mount worn shoulders compelled her the wall proved unavailing but glance. "I'll go,"he promised blazoned on its face, he found a

with a failing attempt to look singularly arresting formation.

cheerful. Sandstone was here, impervious

shale. If the next stratum should

prove fossiliferous, he had stum-

H).ER hand sought the bled on a discovery he might not

contours of his face in a caress he have made in a lifetime of searchhad known as a child. Her son, ing. But the folded strata terflesh of her flesh, bone of her bone, minated against the shelf of rock

whose soul was so infinitely remote on which he stood and below the from her own. United by the cliff opened into a yawning mouth

bands of affection, their opinions where the sea ran deeply in.

were as far apart as the poles. Mrs. Discarding shoes and coat, Barry

Wingate walked by faith, Barry dived into the lagoon, where idling relied upon proof. on his back in a placid, ebbtide

At this juncture his thoughts sea, he tried to read the Secret turned to his father. What was nature had placed just too high

his status in the world beyond? for his decipherment.

Was science there regarded as the By moonlight the waters aphandmaid of truth or still shunned peared black and oily and Barry as an antagonist by religionists? sometimes slipped away at night

The young man's idea of God was and perched on the crest of the hazy, behind the door he liked to headland there to speculate, unclose on all that was not demonhappily, that if black gold had strable. If he believed in anyever been reservoired below it had

thing intangible, it was that his seeped into that boiling waste.

father's spirit still persisted, for on A gale whipped in a great tide more than one occasion when failjjfSssSsarr and the night rang with the tuure outstared him, his father, he mult of vast waves hurling themfelt, had come in the night with selves into the teeth of the cliff, a word of encouragement, and spewing up white walls of spray, miraculously the way had cleared. torn veils of it whipping past. In

When he was set apart land an unborn age the overhanging the Pacific States named as his field cliff would crumble into the sea.

of labor, his first impulse was to But only a miracle could accomprotest. This was the paradise of plish that wonder in his lifetime.

his geological desires and his lack And Barry turned away with a of preparation for the ministry sense of defeat.

would not, he realized, be bolstered interest. opposing a strong by start -T the Barry GLORIA ROM came, thought beguiling the Then religious in the of out tempo was trained his well perhaps, with that,

its scripbase the configuration, points atmosphere. At sawtooth

full quota his might do he mind, ideas failed the action his tures square the to of with cavernous from find time and missionary work of disscience zigtherefore scrambled, of he and he waves. Down side. the research for on some entire as steep fallacious perilously canthe across a missed zagging

declivity. The cliff was a fault on. Old Testament stories he had

repudiated. in its up upthrow that scarp on he had exgrown now deshis RjOEACHING

affairs earth's spirit not ages the of the of Fabulous posed many a tination, his fancy was fired by forest of oil derricks resembling a history. to be gauged by his yardstick of

harbor of highmasted ships. The But at high water mark he was facts!

town of his appointment fronted baffled by a perpendicular bluff beThe roots of his new thinking the sea and his roving eye followed low. As he gazed far down into were not vigorous enough to supthe shoreline biting deeply in at the sea, he descried a pale someport foliage of discourse, and he

points of depression, receding bething strangely like a human face. surprised the congregation by readfore a bold headland where the "Clinging by his eyebrows,"sliping his sermons. In theme they

The Improvement Era for May, 1931 411

were ethical and as appropriate to an athletic chest, flexed powerful "Countless millions of these anpagan as Christian worship. biceps that had never done a man's imalcules perished, forming an

Elder Wright found his comwork in the world and wondered ooze that, under the right condipanion an enigma. Here was a how long he must have to depend tions, produces oil,"She looked

young man who could converse upon frail women. And in his at him gravely from dark eyes,

learnedly on a variety of subjects wretchedness he yearned the more comprehending little but offering but quailed at the shortest prayer, fiercely to discover the liquid gold a comradeship very precious.

who repeated, without joy or conthat would set these inequalities "But oil isn't nice, at all, Barviction, a formula when tracting right.

and experienced relief when doors 'The others of us are mortals "Oil is magic, Gloria, it could were closed in their faces. weak mortals,"mused Barry make all your dreams come true

"Your mission is a waste of watching the child poring over her Cinderella, glass slipper, and evtime,"Brother Wright finally told reader, "but Gloria is an angel, erything—with turkey thrown in

him. earthbound for a -season."on Sundays."

"In what am I failing?"asked The woman whitened, and Barry began openly to slight

Barry blankly. putting away her sewing, worked his work. Afternoon Gospel talks "In nothing,"Elder Wright no more that evening. Barry surtook him in the direction of the

conceded, 'or, rather, everything."mised that he had touched the laboratory of an oil refinery with

spring of a hidden fear. Was jealspecimens to be examined. His

were bloodshot, he was growchild's safety for one eyes the ousy tried get to ing thin, morose Gloria and was R)ARRY kept she that reason was alwaysinto the defect harness lay the but forgotten. looked reproachShe side? at her mother's busyin the his spiritual mainspring of at this fully Barry, so prenew

nature. occupied, so impatient of interrupexpect a thinking you "Do man tion. She was never allowed, any conRi.ECREATION believeto the that of walls Jericho more, to him. accompany sisted in Gloria making off with

fell before the blasts trumpet of to the grassy hills suntoasted near

Joshua's that the stood army; sun the fairy fabricated he where town

still while the he slaughcompleted IlLDER WRIGHT lore stones. from soil and Love

ter his foes; of that in Sampson Barry and as fused and he arrayed Joswho had admonished duty

his single might prayed pushed over him, down threatened. now in a coat that the eph glowed with

pillars of the destroyed temple and "Unless acquaint you your strata. the rarest the ribbon But

a multitude of people?"cliff with its halfpromise of oil, mother with your conduct, I shall

The question was put to Sister beckoned, and always his pilgrimbe forced to."

Heath, a little seamstress to whom ages ended here. Dabbing about "Why not mail her my deathBarry had repaired in the interest with camel's hair brush, he picked sentence?"asked Barry bitterly,

of a damaged wardrobe. up, one day, a fossil, of an infini- "It amounts to the same thing."

"The writers of the Bible did tesimal shell fish that started him "She should have some warning not live in a day of scientific enon a feverish quest. before receiving an official comconfine lightenment. Why not

yourself to the spiritual import of 'The town in which you live munication.ference and INextshallSundayhave isto conlay

the scriptures?"There was an edge was once the ocean's floor,"he adyour case before the mission presito her voice that forbade further vised Gloria, later, as he exhibited dent."

a picture tiny the fossil that of airing his of views. Barry's into head his sank arms a whitened, magnified been had daughter, here the small He met lay where they extended the on fold, sketched. myriad and floating curls Gloria, yellow whose table his and withdrew, companion

and petite, fairylike ways gave her leaving him to repentance. He

an eerie quality of impermanence. had come to a parting of the ways.

Isolated by his attitude, this child This mad quest must end. But

became his only friend. To her like the alcohol addict who comhe could unburden his soul because mences abstinence with a last

she was too young to understand. drink, Barry determined to make

She stilled the sharp conflict in his a final trip to the headland.

bosom, with her he need not live a lie. of school Was Gloria more delicately at- G:TORIA, out

tuned, spiritually, than common early for the afternoon, spied him mortals or was it only that her making off over the sand dunes eyes were such deep, unfathomable that mounted in broken corrugapools in so tiny and white a face? tions to the headland. She ran,

panting, after him but his strides

M:.RS. HEATH made cliffwere andso long,disappearedhe haddownreachedits sidethe

but a pretense of a living with her before she could overtake him. In

needle, just as his own mother who her eagerness she set foot on that passed the years behind a counter steeply swerving, downward path.

smiling but fading, working well Perceiving her peril too late she into the night in the practice of could only go on, clinging to jutmany economies. Barry expanded ting rocks, seeking footholds in

412 The Improvement Era for May, 1931 sand. A misstep, a slip, and down at a great height looking down on Neither Barry nor Mrs. Heath

she shot, snatching at objects flyall the irrelevant matters of the was ever to forget their meeting ing past. Her flight was stayed world. Obscuring doubts and amat her door. She came with white

an instant by a beetling ledge; bitions were swept (away as he tulle in her hands, standing like a

to that climbed his geranium ivy relationan fact the universe, in too momentumshedestruction—thenhung poised between life and faced eternity with God the central bride embowered in the bloom of question. But roof of the bungalow. the the one vital to ship into space, Him great, she catapulted

uttering a terrified scream as she Attaining the rim of the bluff swiftly joy turned to horror and he exulted with a winged sense like one frozen, she mechanically tulle a the shreds into had snipped deliverance. of blown for that A miracle had fell.A breeze a to to wear meant to young girl had accombeen wrought? He sharpening was daysseveral

half-a-gale and driving in the tide. plished the impossible! ball. Confronting her was Barry,

Barry crouched for protection beOn the upper reaches where a a sorry statue of sand and salt, hind the flanged rim of the bluff false step might be his last, he tearrunlets showing white above the sea, dreaming of the held his own against the plucking through the grime of his face; in

liquid gold that would give Gloria fingers of the wind and the thunhis arms Gloria, apparently lifeless.and his mother lives of exquisite der of the surf. A seemingly endease, himself a chance to devote less course and he stood on the Yet after the first moments of

his life to research. summit of the headland. Looking agonized adjustment, the mother

dizzily into the smoking caldron met the situation with unflinching out of which he had come, he murfortitude. A doctor, hastily sumABOVE the breaking mured, "And the fool saith in his moned, held out little hope. The

of the surf, Gloria's cry pierced heart there is no God!"protracted unconsciousness was a

his consciousness and presence of Easing the child to his arms he bad omen, and, constitutionally its meaning smote him. He shudset off for home like a sleepwalker. frail, anaemic, she had not the

dered as he peered below. He The storm, darkness, the skirling chance of a more robust child.

knew now the meaning of that sands smiting him with needleLater Barry and Mrs. Heath sat

white, drowned face on the flood! sharpness steadied his reeling senses one on each side of the bed, the

The final shelf of rock had halted in a topsyturvy world where his still form of the child between,

Gloria's fall and there she lay like code of facts had failed to serve. the bright wealth of her hair scat-

a broken flower. Foam from an tered over the pillow, her countecrawl- already was breakeradvance its sleep. last in as waxlike nance the in came BREAK her. towarding pallid her but Sister A Heath was the reached as town he fury wind's ramthe hurtled down Barry a faith. row firm With with

its he eyes paved walks stepping on and bleeding scuffed andpart, and lips she her was pins between of Order world. calmer a entered side. her at knelt fall, hisfrom of a place width in laying new the chaos emerge, to from seemed hands trembling hurried,Passing tulle. habits his thought and of his mind marvelled he fragile body, theover die, dance the Gloria "Though into accustomed clicked back Stripping intact. still it findto bitterly. Barry on,"mused go must rationto Barry grooves. began crossed shirt he khaki jerseyoff and

Sister said prayed,""I have the coarsened alize. Go4 Had sort of a hammock made andthem his unspoken to in answer Heath his suit bluff to that of texture shoulders. his to Gloria secureto assur- I the have question, "and exdesperate faced Or, need? by to the himself addressed then He live."will Gloria that ance recalled out not igence, he had bluff. He the of mountingtask

could not make it, he knew—inforcements, latent reserves of pertaut,Gloria was not meant for this ception and endurance—

sat in a hudworld. Still he flattened hands sensitive nerves recording rough- &)ARRY

and feet aganist the sheer slope in ness where before all had seemed dle opposite, her serenity a marvel an effort to climb. All the while mirrorsmooth? to his torment. "You reason like

he was calling on God brokenly, my mother,"he complained. His

audibly as one tries to communicate bridge of facts had broken down in an unknown tongue by raising and his newfound faith was too the voice. shadowy a support to span the

Where before the slightest protragic unknown.

tuberances appeared rounded and Yet he could not accuse Sister slippery from wavepolishing, the Heath of coldness as she sat face of the bluff was in reality through the night like patience on scaled in heavy relief. Crevices met a monument, while, try as he

his fingers, the toes of his boots would to keep awake, he dozed settled into grooves that supported intermittently.... He must have

his weight and he toiled upward, slept for some time when he lashed by the cold, stinging spray, waked to acute tension in the the hungry waves churning at his room. The lights were still on

feet. though dawn whitened the landscape. The mother stood with

leavher eyes never hands, still, the knotted stood TiIME lips. close blue So ing her baby's universe was of theimmensity

filled with it. He seemed to stand [Continued on page 431]

r LTIHI S/H their nutritive value is lost and they are most helpful because of the amount of roughage furnished.

By ADAH R. NAYLOR They must, however, be thoroughly masticated in order to be digestThe Lowly Carrot, ed easily.

Home Gardens the Onion and the "CORTUNATE indeed are the their own Tomato "people who have kitchen garden. They can, in the

vast amount of knowsummer time at least, be sure of theTHEledge regarding foods and freshness and wholesomeness of the their relationship to health, homegrown products. But the

which has been gained through unfortunate city dweller must scientific research in the last two depend all year around on the decades, is gradually changing the garden stuff offered at the markets.

dietary habits of the American peoIn the winter time it comes from ple. In January of this year, R. semitropical climates where the

W. Dunlap, Assistant Secretary of ground is highly fertilized in order

Agriculture, in a dispatch from that it may produce several crops

Washington called attention to a each year. High fertilization pronumber of changes in the nation's duces rank and rapid growth and

diet and stated that "since 1915 gives us vegetation lacking in there had been an increase of 36 healthgiving qualities. It must be

per cent in the per capita consumpgathered, crated, hauled and shipdoz- literally through change passing vegetables."This tion of

is It limited exped, a to found ment. our reaching is before mainly ens of hands due habits dietaryin our prodairy other in tent and milk

all vegetables these tables. Therefore of knowledge to our new in liver. ducts, in yolks egg and washed vitaessentials, brushed the be should mysterious externally It also be from had can

several in thoroughlymines. andwaters—esshining the the rays upon of sun raw. eaten if are to be pecially they vitawell five are known""THERE of skin body. the bare the Cod with obsessed so are people Some C, as B, designated A, mines, oil contains and Vitamines A to refuse they that the theory germ probably are There E. and is g'iven children to often and Dliver insist on vegetables eat raw, and is not more many in the months. winterothers—howD that all order in food cooking are vitamines These yet known. is anas the Vitamine known E boiled."well be "their germs in may are found "substances which is It found tisterility vitamine.

small quantities in natural food in vegetable oils and in the oil of But since a diet which includes raw been has and vegetables are the growthmaterials; they wheat germ. fruits to and to health elefound conducive bodybalancing producing,

ments, without which life is imNatural Foods toourdiscardpowerssomeof resistance,of our germit is fears.well possible."

Vitamine A is essential for TT can readily be seen that milk, growth in childhood and for well * vegetables and fruits take the Carrots being at all ages. It is found in lead among the bodybuilding

abundance in milk and other dairy foods and that the family menu HHHE carrot is an excellent vegecrispproducts, in eggs, in liver and all should be planned around this * table—lovely in color—

the leafy vegetables. group. Vegetables are direct sun and firm in texture—sweet to

Vitamine B promotes growth, foods and in addition to containing taste. It contains vitamines A, B

and maintains the appetite. It is the vitamines they furnish mineral and C and is high in minerals,

found in nearly all fruits and vegesalts and bulk, the latter being necranking next to spinach in iron tables and in many kinds of meat, essary for proper elimination of contents. When young and small

fish, bread and cereals. body waste. it contains no starch and is easily

Vitamine C is necessary for nudigested. No other vegetable has

raw deficient trition. supply causes qualities—eaten A

the complexion, Raw Vegetables suchit is saidenergyto clear to inlack of resistancescurvy and fectious diseases. It is found in TZJ AT some raw, fresh food every make the eyes bright and the hair

the citrus fruits and in many vegeday,"is considered good adglossy. It is grown so cheaply and

tables, especially tomatoes and vice. Carrots, onions, celery, letin such great quantities that it is

spinach. tuce, tomatoes and cabbage are all considered "common."Many peoVitamine D gives us strong desirable raw foods. Eaten in ple, and children especially, are

bones and sound muscular developtheir natural raw state, none of [Continued on page 432]

Two Poems from Mothers to Son to Your Coming Vision

Their Missionary Boys By Ardyth Kennelly By Edith Cherrington

has grown tall, that baby boy of yellow curtains and a shining mine.; By Bertha A, Kleinman PRIMfloor, HE

BOY OF MINE Curly little flowers in a flat blue bowl, Those hands that one time robbed the jar cookie bright china, of row daffodil china, of A go, XTTHERE'er you mine, of boy O clean groping Are ah, for dear, something dear, (And a ah, now and my my I see true you to VV design, your own fine. and laughter in soul!) my Singled out from the taint, common eyes that danced mischief The with

selfcontrolYour selfrestraint and your little little kettle Fat a sings song, afar gaze

Fitting into the scheme things, of Silver lie things in linen the things and sargosies east. At from bluemisted some

lift them out their ofTo blunderings. drawer. vague, Where uncharted have dreams Whatever life's take you store. from vast I lace bring must out spread and my my a formed bar

it Putting back, the same, more. little and table, specter a of feast. That make at the meAfter the truth, no matter I what, Lest hear footsteps outside the your

For there's nothing that pays where truth door. Trying to be so wise... so motherwise

Make it isthenot,purpose of all you do (I'm goingcause toyouwearlove mymy blueblue gowngown,..be-.) WarningI strive himin futilewherewaystheto greatestdraw himmenacenear.

And everything else shall be added thereto. And do you know the way, dear, without lies

getting lost? And fighting back that surge of jealous

fear,MY PRAYER FOR YOU Hurry, love, and hurry, love, because the I speak my is tea ready. then crouched And for you each night and as I in a room grown

love, Hurry, and knock, and I shall flyrpraykneel, faith in him and set him free bleak and drear

To know that you are praying too for me, to the door; I pray that God will send him back to me.

To sue for wisdom and the strength to But if you've forgotten, love, perhaps does not matter meet Miracle heart forget to sing or laughThe needs is plea Except myit my By any more. Christie LundJust for today its of everyday—thisto know that demands

Will find you sure and steady alert. and miracles, say you "\TODoing your gods can do no i-V this then What best—the spring, Lilactime more This unseen life breath of

blessGod my the sums whole By Gladys Ann Wagstaff Which makes hearts sing? boy—this

of prayer.

TONIGHT No healing power you think

My garden is a place of rapturous Is there to find?

I'd Like to Leave Behind Me For everydelight,blossomladen lilac bush LookBe nottoso theblind.world made whole.

By Ida R. Alldtedge Lifts tapered, scented fingers

To the far stars! And a young May See how bright flowers spring

From moon, like to I'D strew the along way * Caught Feel howlifelesssoftsod;rain can cleanse like a silvered, slim canoe Where'er steps lead, my might

Sweet daffodils and buttercups In the topmost branches of a tall birch, And krpw of God.

In place of thorjti and weed. Gives to each fragrant, flowering tree

lovelier itself! than shadow A Queen of the My FlowersI'd like to scatter petals fair Joseph By \Longking Tonight, Townsend the Upon air, balmy

stir is a soft There of glad somethingThat gentle breeze might many an orchard the applebloom gently gay in stillness the sweet waft afar And Rich fragrance... JN everywhere. glows Odorous of blooms purple phantom

o'er beauty branches With spray; and breatheI'd like to drop a pleasant word All rosy petal and ev'ry white bestows Into the suede mauve, shadows wall by the the surge Amid press, and Its tint of the blossoming May. scent. aromatic in pebbles the White An it fallThat fertile might soil on out, darling, Come where blossoms my O path help And some redress. wrong illume mistily; Gleam scarlet tulips are two

the Our dear path through fragrant gypsies in the pale moon'sI'd like to sprinkle sunbeams bright Romancing bowers; light! cold and cloying sod, On I'll twine the of applefair you wreath a

IThat succor might errant youth, Tonight bloom lift his And soul to God. branches small, I The lilac sway crown the incensed And queen you flowers of my

Come, urns-—come, come with me

is a place of mystical delight! Into applebloom bowers,I'd like to leave behind me here My garden No monumental fame,

justBut a bit of beauty, and I'll twineof flowers.you a wreath of the fairest A loved and honored name.

-*a*gjQThere's many a blossom for every spring

Awakens fond memories true;

Baby's Hand But nonebringlike the applebloom ever can

By Jessie Miller Robinson My dearest remembrance of you;

For here in the orchard love kindled its

TJRAGRANT as a lilybud, flame a Soft as the coat of a fawn, Our lovedream in life was begun

Glowing like a warm sunbeam, In applebloom time it was hither we

Yet pearly as the dawn. came

Forever united as one!

Those tiny fingers brush my cheek Come, come, come with me

In innocent caress. Into applebloom bowers,

Wee hand, Oh, may you always be I'll twine you a Wreath of the fairest of

A boon of tenderness! flowers.

CHURCH MUSIC COMMITTEE

act. desire to do a friendly the sincere the of songs, beautiful words manyMusic Should be Appropriate are are those, are however, spirit There the who are with in keeping which

proffer of satisfied the mere with there not meeting, and the of Sacrament as as elaborate a of worship system aloffer their services, their amountsIN inas their to use objection can be no Jesus Christ of the that of Church in cases insistence, to some and an if most done offerings, they be strumental line the Saints, betweenof Latterday feel oblideceased relatives the of the the in proper way. is is worship purely and whatwhat offer, insistent accept the to gated that have songs words of music But is recreationalsocial not always or has the offend one rather than who spirit to the such foreign of are which the insureclearly to drawn enough

is entirely this volunteered. Now the are peoto a meeting, and known of inappropriate exclusionproper

ones. the relatives are wrong. The in place Sacrasuch, as a have ple no first a in service tothings intended be

out. carried wishes should be whose is it this connection meeting. In ment result, all spiritual occasion. a aof As

it feels a compliment musician Any deal a great that to of well remember thoughtlessnessofttimes, from more his give to the family asked be to by is effect to "assous due music's on is there in intention, heard ourthan the part of the services in music that times imagine ciation."we Many is forthat which meetingSacrament

is agreefeeling the funeral, more and it is itself pleases us, that the music entirely often to occasion,eign the and this that to able than simply know reality to learned in have we when the of purpose with andout harmony beaccepted, service has proffered been it associating the music enjoy throughcharacter comingtogether. the This of

has gone doesn't he what cause know is it set. to the with words which is general quite throughoutcondition

the circle family private the of in on it easily will this in be Bearing mind, authorities general thethe Church, and accepted. offer his has before been instrument should no understood why it in constantly of meetingcomplain

is the place service not funeral A a the gathering, in render, sacred muCriti- stakes.the various and wards

If his perform. to the musician for sic secular songs. purely of the is offered frequentlycism more on

if comfort, genuine render can music vocal regmusic, observationsInappropriateness of should both same The a the to lead can rendition mind his service. ulate the instrumental, part vocal than the anything ofand on

life is that to the of contemplation else, a feels this that in text breathe, should All songs committee and both the satisfaction in take he should come, choristers spirit the the to of worship. of music, and and warning Loveword

is use to render; able to service but he their directingorganists the songs, the beautiful of matter Church, no how opportunity as merely occasion an the offering be,attention asin matter, to place the an have music and no may to look for upon aggrandizement, and

effect in will the choicesuggestions worshippers. of of of music sembly The other it proas any looks upon he sufficient secular this textsbe to sacred to songs objectionwhich improve

is exhibition fessional of appearance an it is exist. setable also condition bad, wherever have been and may may pale is the outside display, vulgar and avoided. should be be should Songs the genius of meetSacrament funeral. The Saint a Latterday of The

in appropriate and words defined spirit—theing be the might quoting feels by that Committee Music Church in charshould worshipful music be in the of Sectionwords found Lord the musicians the thembishops and

acter truth, in the poetry, and and the verse 93, of 19, Doctrine and concepproper the selves have should the Gospel. with harmony these give "ICovenants: funeral, unto the you at of music the tion use of

sayings that ye may understand and Let our choristers and organists be and that in counseling with families know how to worship, and know diligent and wise, remembering that who are arranging programs for funerwhat you worship, that you may come "every item of worship is an offering als these things should be given atunto the Father in my name, and in of joy and devotion to him, and its tention. The writer attended a fundue time receive of his fulness."Not worthiness is to be measured by what eral not many years ago in which the

only the preaching and the prayers, it means to the offerer,"and that it music part of the service was not only but also the music, should be done in should be our "duty and privilege of a travesty, but was a dire affront to the such a way, and the content of all honoring God by bringing to him only memory of the unhappy soul in whose should be of such character, that this what is our best."In this connechonor the music was given. In the

object may be more nearly brought to tion let us read and ponder the first past music had brought her a life of fulfillment in the lives of all who chapter of Malachi. unhappiness, and to celebrate her passattend. ing with a concert was most inapproIn worship there are at least three Simplicity in Music for priate and caused a feeling of resentthose in the hearts of who knew is uses put, consciously to which music Funerals ment placed a cross music upon had what It unconsciously. or quiet the should

feeling preparatory to worship; it TS not the tendency among our people her shoulders. The singing of a

should induce worship; and it should -* toward outward show in the music simple hymn or two, a comforting and

intensify whatever words it accompart of funeral services? A member inspiring song or the playing of some

panies in the acts of worship. Only of the Church Music Committee reappropriate music, would have been

that kind of music has a place in our ported that at a recent funeral service highly in place. To the Latterday

Sacrament meetings. All instrumental he attended he had counted nine muSaints music has a purpose, but even

music should be appropriate in spirit, sical numbers and four speakers. The music, like everything else wonderful

rendered not as an exhibition of perreasons for this are various and some and good in this life, when carried sonal powers or advertising propanot difficult to understand. If the dejust a little too far, can defeat the

ganda, but as an offering to God in his ceased has wide connections there are very purpose of its existence. Simholy house and before his worshipping many offers on the part of friends to plicity and moderation have always

children. There is an abundance of assist in any way that may be within been large and meaningful words in

good music that can be used, and much their power. These proffers of help the life and conduct of the Latterday

that cannot be with propriety. There are very proper and in most cases are Saints.

..

IPIRJI All MelchizedekESTIHOODPriesthood material is prepared under QIUOIRIUaHSthe direction of the Council of the Twelve;

/V and all Aaronic Priesthood material is prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric.

Training of the Young Man of other duties in the ward, thereby assigned to Sunday School and Y. M.

I. A. in the Church of Jesus Christ givingcome* wellthemprepared,every opportunityinfluential toleadbe- M. 4. Member of the Stake Superinof Latterday Saints (1220 ers. The selection and acceptance of tendency of Sunday School and of

Years) under the Immediate this duty should be made with the Y. M. M. I. A.

Direction of jhe Presidency definiteIn some understandinginstances, whereof permanency.opportunity day5. SchoolStake andBoardY. membersM. M. I.ofA.Sunsu-

of the Aaronic Priesthood and the time of the leader will perpervising young men 1220.

The Objective mit,agencies.the sameIn allmentheymaywillleadfullyin twocoof 6.Education.Representative of Stake Board

To prepare young men for missionoperate. 7. Stake Clerk as Secretary.

activity, ary for other Church service, Correlation and Cooperation Ward for life. and 1 Bishopric.

The Agencies theAllwardleaders,superintendencyincluding a ofmemberthe Sunof 2.3. AaronicMember PriesthoodSunday SchoolSupervisors.Super-

1. Quorums. day School and ward presidency of the intendency.

I. A., with should meet 4. Member of Y. M. M. I. A. 2. Sunday Schools. Y.the M.bishopricM. a to correonce month Superintendency.

3. Y. M. M. I. A. late the programs and cooperate in 5. Sunday School Teachers and Y.

4. Department of Education. the welfare of the young men. M. M. I. A. leaders who instruct and

A member of the bishopric and repsupervise young men 1220.

The Courses of Study and resentatives of these organizations, 6. Representative of Ward Board

. Activities with other men specially interested, of Education.

1. Through Quorums. Training may act as a ward troop committee in 7. Ward Clerk as Secretary.

members in spirit and responsibility scouting.

of Priesthood. Testing knowledge The order of business of this Order of Business

of Gospel essentials and observance monthly meeting should include reof commandments. Assignments of ports from Priesthood supervisors, Once a Month

duties and performance of ordinances. Sunday School teachers, M Men, VanCorrelation of general instructions

Social and fraternal activities: Proguard and Scout leaders. and program.

moting mutual welfare. Developing Individual case work should be conOnce a Month

quorum identity. Family welfare. ducted until every boy in the ward 1. Prayer.

Stimulating cordial relationships. obtains the full benefit of participa- 2. Minutes and Roll Call.

2. Through Sunday Schools. Printion in the abovenamed agencies. 3. Unfinished business.

ciples and ordinances of the Gospel. Attendance at the seminaries and 4. Consideration of ward surveys

Church history and doctrine. membership in the Junior Genealogand reports.

3. Through Y. M. M. I. A. Proper ical Society should be encouraged. 5. Correlation of programs.

application of Gospel principles to The leaders of deacons'quorums 6. Special projects recommended by

personal habits and conduct: Proand of scouting should cooperate with the Presiding Bishopric, General

moting physical welfare and moral the Primary Association in preparing Boards of Sunday School, Y. M. M.

standards. Mental and character deTrail Builder boys for advancement. I. A. and Dept. of Education.

velopment. Social relationships. Vo- 7. Cooperation on supervision and

cational guidance and civic responsileadership training.

bility. Recreation and culture. LeisImmediate Project 8. Special Stake instructions.

uretime guidance. 9. Benediction. complete survey membership to A

4. Department Through of Eduascertain the of men, young number Once a Month cation. Bible, hisWeek-day, Church the of the Church, members between

1. tory and Gospel study and Church ages residing of in the 12 and 20 2. Call. activity. Prayer.Minutes—Roll are ward, identified and many how 3. business. Unfinished

with these agencies. 4. Enrollment and Attendance Leadership

Survey reports (a) Deacons, Teachers 1. The Ward Bishopric. Note: and Priests'Quorums. (b) Sunday Doctrine and Covenants, Sec. 107, Organization—Personnel School, (c) Y. M.M. I. A. (Ways

ver. 15. "The Bishopric is the PresChurch-Wide and Means of securing maximum enidency of this Priesthood and holds Presiding Bishopric. rollment and attendance in all groups.)

the keys or authority of the same."General Superintendency of Sun- 5. Correlation of program affecting

2. The Best. Latterday Saint day School and Y. M. M. I. A. the 1220 year old boy.

"Boy Men"in the Ward. Priesthood Department of Education. 6. Activities.

Supervisors. Sunday School Teachers. 7. Projects. (a) Ward. (b)

Y. M. M. I. A. Leaders. Note: These Stake Stake. (c) Churchwide.

men should be selected with the great- 1 Member of the Stake Presidency 8. Leadership Training and Superest care, and assigned to duties of as Chairman. vision.

leadership because of their special abil- 2. Stake Aaronic Priesthood Com- 9. Reports to stake.

ity, and aptitude for the work. As nearmittee. 10. Special instructions.

ly as possible, they should be relieved 3. Members of the High Council 1 1. Benediction.

The Improvement Era for May, 1931 417

Field Notes angle.tray the right arm should be at a right

5. Where it is practical the SacraSalt Lake Stake M. I. A. and departments held for the ment table should be in the center of

following groups: Lesser Priesthood the chapel, the boys dividing the space

supervisors scout and chairmen equally served to be number and ACPRIESTHOODAARONIC leadens priest rand troops, leave not Men should them. They among is rendered of boyM TIVITIES—Report leaders, leaders teacher and vanguard until table they the front of in from the of Dyer, Secretaryby Brother Gus

Stake Aaronic Priesthood Committee, and deacon and boy scout leaders. We all have received trays. They should

as follows: are endeavoring to aid the various then go directly to their assigned places

"For the past 15 months we have leaders to realize our problem is "The in single file but no passing should been using an individual record looseBoy"and we seek to direct his activity start until all boys are at the several leaf sheet for each boy. This sheet for all leisure hours. places for starting the passing. Then

also answers for the roll book. Each "Since we had the scoring card a signal from the presiding priest, the

quorum is provided with a looseleaf printed we have provided two more supervisor or deacon in charge, the binder and sheets for the record of items for the boys to obtain points. boys simultaneously pass the trays to

every boy holding the Lesser PriestThe attendance at seminary 3 points the persons nearest them. The dividhood who is 2 1 or under. The sheets and special assignments by the bishoping of the space should be made so as

are prepared and record kept by the ric 3 points. to have each boy handle about the same

quorum secretary or Lesser Priesthood "The boys are very anxious to number of people. When passing is

supervisor. score points and are constantly lookcompleted the boys should assemble

"We use also a score card and we ing forward to our Jamborees."in the aisles about the middle of the

work on a point system. The record room in single file, ithen at a signal

is marked weekly and each boy calls Granite Stake march back to their places in front of or marks his points made during the the table. Those passing to the stand

week. ADMINISTRATION OF SACRAmay, if desired, stand at attention on "This record is always available to MENT.-—-The following instrucor near the stand. As a general rule

the bishopric and provides them with tions regarding the Sacrament have the deacons should go in pairs to the information as to the activity of each been sent to all ward supervisors of stand, begin passing at the center, then boy. Aaronic Priesthood in that stake: one pass to the right, the other to the

"Twice a year we hold a Stake With the purpose of placing the left.

Jamboree, at which time all the Lesser administration of the Sacrament upon 6. After passing the Sacrament the

Priesthood are invited and awards the highest plane within our reach, deacons and priests should remain in made to the priest, teacher and deacon we respectfully suggest, subject to the their seats in front of the sacramental who has scored the most points during approval of your bishop, a plan for table until separation for class work.

six months. A silver loving cup is operation in your ward, as follows: This rule should also be followed at

also presented to the ward which has 1. A preliminary meeting of deaSacrament meetings.

the highest average of points per boy cons assigned to Sacrament service 7. Watch the time used. It should

for the same period. When one ward each Sunday with the supervisor, ten not require more than 10 or 12 minwins the cup three times it is retained or fifteen minutes before the school utes. Use as many deacons as possible

as the property of the ward. starts in one of the class rooms. This which will give more boys activity and

"We find this program has done a gets the boys together and gives an reduce the amount of time required.

great deal to stimulate interest in the opportunity to check up on those Arrange to have one boy handle each duties assigned to the Lesser Priestpresent and to fill the places of those tray. It is not proper to have a boy

hood. The attendance of the Lesser not on hand. The boys then to go handling the Sacrament with the left

Priesthood in the stake at their meetas a group to their places just before hand.

ings has materially increased. In Febtime for school to start. This will 8. It is suggested that boys particiruary, 1930, the stake average was avoid much confusion. The superpating wear black bow ties and white

17%, while in February, 1931, it visor in charge of Sacrament should or light shirts and that they do not was 27%. This may not appear to arrange with Sunday School superinwear coats. We do not want boys

be a high average but it includes all tendent for excuse from prayer meetheld back because their parents cannot the adult inactive Lesser Priesthood, ing. or will not help them in this. This

of which each ward has from 50 to 2. Boys should come to school with should be a matter of personal appeal

100 men from 21 to 90 years. The their hands clean and, to avoid making rather than a hard and fast rule. This

activity of the boys under 21 is insome of them feel ashamed, all boys suggestion is optional but we are very creasing and wholesome. serving should scrub their hands just much in favor of it and urge that you

it it it used has been out. try Where before to their places in the going Stake "The Committee meets once

effective. is very chapel. every activities plans and month and deacons. of 9. sure plenty to use Be selects the the priest the reading completes work. 3. When and memory better the work, that boys more The after the prayer, the reading are assignments The usually "Amen,"word

one chapter from the Book of Mordeacons at the table should rise as a will be your quorum.

mon or Bible and the memory work group and stand at strict attention When boys are ordained and during from the Articles of Faith, Beatitudes, while the trays are being passed to the the time they are deacons they should

Ten Commandments, etc. The priests other deacons. be thoroughly taught the privilege

orin this participating in they have learned blessing the have the bread on all times actually not 4. At when

sacredtranscendent the dinance and and water baptismal ceremony. and trays the the handling should boys

administration. the Sacrament ness of of the Stake Each member Committee erect in stand folded with arms front

visits the wards and encourages superof them. They should take the trays The boys should be taught not only

visors and members of the Lesser with the right hand only, keeping the to avoid talking, whispering and other

Priesthood in their appointments. left hand in proper position at all unnecessary noises during the passing

"A monthly union meeting is held times. The boys should stand erect of the Sacrament but this matter

at which all supervisors are brought at all times and should be extremely should be treated so thoroughly that together to discuss problems and procareful in handling trays not to bump they will take a distinct pride and a vide activity. We have recently corthem into benches or persons to whom real interest in their work. Boys often

related our union meeting with the they are passing. When holding the [Continued on page 426]

MUTUAL MESSAGES

Executive Department General Superintendency General Presidency

Y. M. M. I. A. General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. Y. L. M. I. A.

George Albert Smith, 47 East South Temple Street Ruth May Fox,

R. Richard Lyman, Cannon, Grant General Offices Y. L. M. I. A. Lucy J, Melvin Ballard, Clarissa A. Beesley, 33 Bishop's Building

Executive Secretary: SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH General Secretary

Oscar A. Kirkham Elsie Hogan

A Message from the General Boards of the Auxiliaries and

Board of Education

a hundred ago, years the paid for money tobacco one byALMOST who greatest The satisfaction to known this it members of uses received Church to from 15 years age, 50 of is man not pleasure but joy; and joy a revelation the from as Lord to amounts known than more $8,000.00. arises a from welldirected life. This the of declares Word Wisdom, which vicepresident The of Salt one of Lake life, abundant it is as sometimes called, that is tobacco not for City's good man. prominent banks, recently told lies within the reach of everyone. It use tobacco saddles the seniors with To youth of the West is High School the goal to every which behuman seriousa handicap. that people the Young average cigaret who smoker, a in ing, at some time other, or aspires, the are striving for finer the period and of six only more years, wastes enough goal he hopes to reach. Yet, notwithvaluable life things of refuse should tobacco on to his tuition pay through standing this universal desire, fall men to shackled be the college. habit. tobacco by into habits or resort to practises that inSuccess life is difficult 5. is made more Tobacco thing. an unclean this lasting make satisfaction increasthe tobaccoby habit in the clean formed filth the up caused To by ingly difficult and sometimes imposadolescent period. chewers smokers, and in hotels, railsible.

Lasting joy satisfaccars, and permanent road homes streets, the and on use of The tobacco, as seen, have wetion not do chance; costs are come they by the public millions dollars of constitutes a serious handicap to those result thenot carelessness of selfevery year. or are striving who for "the things whichindulgence; 6. they nor indifdo follow abstain is tobacco the from To are excellent."more it best, is At butference to things. worthwhile Latterday Saint The way. should We gratification a of selfcreated appelife inbest to comes only those not smoke. who spiritimpairs Smoking indulgence of an unnatural thetite—the the life. lawsobey of uality, the Note decreases of some strength will, of and desire. It renders success diffimore inways use the which of reacts tobacco weakens manhood. cult, it violates a divine law.against success: differences Small interest, in slight appeal all to We the of members 1. its enslaves Tobacco victims. inequalities in efficiency, often decide Church, both old and reyoung, to habit, tobacco acquired, once The shall failures, who make and who solve that they will the obey will of is difficult very give It to shall up. life. in succeed Great are men the this Lord subject, on and therebyquickly the becomes master, user the often slightly efficient but than more secure for themselves the blessingsits slave. other men. promised for this obedience. 2. health. Tobacco impairs fastest world's runner, a The with

To the growing youth, especially, record of 9.4 seconds for the hundred General Board of Relief Society, by

Louise Y. Robison, General President.tobacco a physical is both is and a menyard faster dash than thouonly 6% General Board of Deserettal handicap. athletic Sunday coaches sands Most others, of the run same who

forbid their athletes to use it. Edudistance in ten seconds. The usual School Union, by David O. McKay,

cators agree that, as a class, young margin between success and failure is General Superintendent.

folks addicted to tobacco are low in extremely narrow. Young folks who General Board of Y. M. M. I. A.,

scholarship. use tobacco are taking a tremendous by George Albert Smith, General Su-

3. Tobacco is offensive to most risk. perintendent.

nonusers. General Board of Y. L. M. I. A., by

As a rule, tobacco is distasteful, Ruth May Fox, General President.

often obnoxious, to those who do not General Board of Primary Associause it. Smokers soon become indiftion, by May Anderson, General Presferent apparently to the annoyance and ident.

discomfort that smoking inflicts upon Church Board of Education, by Jotheir neighbors. seph F. Merrill, Commissioner of

The human body, which nature inEducation.

tended should be clean and wholesome, the tobacco habit fouls and defiles. June Conference

4. The tobacco habit costs fortunes.

The mere cost of the habitual use of 'T'HE annual conference of the tobacco may be great enough to keep Mutual Improvement Associapoor one who might otherwise become tions of the Church will convene on wellto-do. At compound interest the Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, June

The Improvement Era for May, 1931 419

12, 13, ami 14, in Salt Lake City.

activities success of the unusualThe that the atceAuvvu n iiWAVcrnvinrY idieipx indicates past year theoftendance of officers and; members from ===== Committee ================

large will be theall of parts Church ViceChair- Adams, C. Emily; E. E. Ericksen, Beesley, Chairmen Clarissa A. J. Ballard, Melvin Interesting J. Spencer high. Smith, the enthusiasm Jos. F.and Wood, Don Taylor, O. Robinson, Iyerson, H. John W. C. Heber men;

T. Beesley, Evangeline Jensen, C. Katie Brandley, Elsie T. Stewart. Charlotte Cornwall, general for the are underprograms way Anderson S. Ethel

departvarious the formeetings and ments.

The Adult and M MenGleaner Frifeatured will be onDepartments of in the path flowers strewing throne will groups Junior Saturday;day and followed, bearer the crown queen; the

for the programprovide a special her queen and chosen the then and session. This promeveningSunday carrying bouquets appeared, attendants

ises to be of a quality comparable to of longstemmed roses, the train on the "Carry On"program put on last the queen's gold and green gown being year by the M Men and Gleaner Girls carried by two tiny trainbearers. The

and which packed the Tabernacle to queen was crowned by the lovejy overflowing. sylph and amid the applause took her

Contest finals and social features place on the throne, where she witwill add to the interest. The new nessed the green and gold contest

slogan will be introduced and full dance.

program for 19311932, launched.

Motion Pictures As The Season Closes PERHAPS in many wards summer time is vacation tjime (for our doubt our executive officers are motion picture people. If not, ourNOcongratulating themselves on the wards could well have someone look

success of the season's work, and are into the matters of proper ventilation, looking forward to a short period of appropriate music, fire hazards, etc.

less intense activity. But may we Supervision of the right sort will take

not remind lovingly you—do

the well doing. Not until get Juab Stake necessarycare of all arrangementsthese problemsforandcomfortmake weary in

end of May can we consider that the and entertainment of patrons.

Ball this is of and Green year During 1931 ended. Gold I. A. T-'HE M. is proadvisable It

is to a very be in proved Stake to there be done J- Juab (month much light and be thatrefreshing—restfulsummer event. successful interesting for provided the and carrying programs out in the A gramsto of those minds who are

the several groups, in gathering up record crowd was in attendance and attendance.

and tying loose ends that you may keen competition was displayed in xeally have the joy and satisfaction that electing the Queen of the Ball, the Pictures Previewed by National Indorsers.as far as you are concerned the work nominees being one from each of the of Photoplays

Ihas been well done. The June Conthree wards of Nephi. Attractive balference is upon us, the dates, 12th, lot baskets of green and gold crepe Puttin'on the Ritz The Little Minister

13 th and 14th, are already set, so if paper were placed in the center of the Melody Man The Harvester of the Eagles Mrs. Wiggs Young were the votes hall and will need at 10:30 are to be vacancies there you

Patch Here Spring is Cabbage the counted. presidency the of with to confer

to Seven Keys Grumpy the apas case trumpet announced the stake wards of or bishops The Disraeli Baldpate;may be, to the end that your organiproach of the herald, who read the Paramount on Rogue Song

zation shall be fully officered before proclamation. A lovely sylph drew Parade The Virginian

this conference. This important gaththe attention of the spectators; four Cameo Kirby Ramona

ering is intended especially for instrucdainty flower girls danced toward the Free and Easy Hit the Deck tion and inspiration for those who will carry on the work next season.

We almost hear you say, "Oh dear, Attends Sunday School 1040 this work never ends, it is just one eternal round."Dear officer, God's Consecutive Times

work is one eternal round and the Good Shepherd never ceases to feed his n UMORAH'S SOUTHERN that, but he has grown in faith and faithflock. V CROSS, organ of the South works. He has paid his tithing

African mission, prints the following; fully and fully and has been given

Mowbray Branch President Thomas responsibility, which is a blessing to

Wilson has attended Sunday School him as he correctly views it. Brother

'< INCOLN, predicting prohibition, every Sunday for the past twenty years. Wilson was also ordained to the office

said, "Whether or not the world Sunday the 8th day of Feb., 1931, of High Priest recently, out of recogwould be vastly benefited by a total thatmarkedBrotherthe 1040thWilson consecutivehas attendedtimea hisnitionworthyof hislife.fidelity to the Gospel and

and final banishment from it of all "Mormon"Sunday School. On time By way of appreciation of this

it be should man, worthy sweet and free a a seems drinks, and intoxicating happy miss—with to me not—not to as loyal that he been has mentioned singsweetly natured and heart—good Threefourths question. an open now

every meeting Church and each and discussion in each and affirmative, the of confess mankind past the twenty during held function this good and helpinging—joining he could, where

with their tongues, and, I believe, all refined man has greatly increased his years, wherever possible for him to atthe rest acknowledge it in their hearts."knowledge of the Gospel. Not only tend, as he has been to Sunday School.

420 The Improvement Era for May, 1931

Publicity Department Scores Success

New Phase of M. I. A, Work Makes Strides in First Year

of activities the of the forcibly to new the attention part referring of the people. of those primarily toONE

I. in the A. M. past year articles has Samples of parties, in etc. contests, appearing the Men M

literally been limelight."the "in newspapers over a comparatively basketball furnished When short after page page

the department of Era and Publicity period are shown on this page. The of publicity. The road shows and

was created, a plan for securing more M. I. A. has had more publicity by merrygo-rounds have produced splenpublicity for M. I. A. activities was far than ever before. The alert, enerdid notices. Through the year other

projected. Several suggestions were getic directors of Era and Publicity activities have been given attention.

made for more consistent use of have contributed in no small manner The old adage "it pays to advertise"newspapers, bulletins and other medito the splendid results achieved by is still true. For next year additional

ums for the purpose of bringing the the M. I. A. in the past year. The suggestions and plans will be devel-

M. I. A. more frequently and more articles reproduced here are only a oped.

M. I. A. IN SIX M. LA. Calls Meet* MUTUALS L ANNWSlSi On Geafiup Drive STAKES HOLDS IN SEVERAL UTAH STAKES

Plans For Joining in A. 'thThe cent*"HONOR EVENT Wasatch Ward Sets Statewide Move to

Friday Vaudeville Be Laid Mar. 30. be Voard8i will program

in evening Friday Winners in Contests Plan presentedA vaudeville lm**** joiniR**"*10"'L*endinir e to DisParticipate in PLAY I. A. FLANS M. Select aa of "All"AllOf Play, silutuals SPBINGVTLLE-A trict ff Meet by be wil Peggy,"Wfldwto.'''presented Winner M. ward jaere frwa SuddenSSSa f % }\ inn 'Content m hold enter the "*I. A.from cm...

Honor day Mutual ImprovePLAN HONOR DAY associations last held ment for sixwas weekend. will in winners compete The K Tuhsdty district contests, of winners which contests will enter the Oneidanlf& tenishts,x'.fakesstakeswerewcicon comwiUJ * the..TheStbe held inU***&Juab"9. annualhighwhenschool t *M iaM *"bsindhonor'Jr:j*I|M petition at the L.annualD. I. A. S. Junechurch M. g the wards in th- w,; fr publicton Salt in convention Lake.

DELTA..,TTmyr* d"*- a'

flMayfield Entries.ni\ r*am h is.

e"J Honors utual Arranges uee"ev*-\ t Lna. I Bos Win Stake 5'V

won four *e Stake Day Honor GirNNiSON=|eW Benson Stake Calls of # Sekcte I. M. A. Contest Finals Stake in various competitions \| tnterwajti arl1o

, RICHMOND [ptake Victors Selects r. stakajl ContestMarch Contest A 31.—Bensonfinals will e,|be h J- A. Selects ContesirWinnerg

rnio until lasted $TAt Fwhich #

Jday ers the to,",'er,l "J sMHs **seaverlwere.'*TrW stakflVe,ln* h5?5? ay?rt

contests. iNonh- 1!, gfe Mutual,- 'ak oit,.4ai>sSr Group 1J %,.\ti Jor flnJ "*—SL6r /A*

,,\<* taV:e.rAy. CO.

take/ by.-,vom-|Miss \dayMarc'Satur*-J—.. r-"Finish Stakes

Contests, Enter ** l A HOLDS Organizes SHOW M.I. A. Districts LOGANThe Meets annual c'- aaSSSSSS - M. A. RIVERTON, L show West'/Arst <!ay and Cacne and Logan Tl"-*5rod o?lau"xedqjsamzed a Sundaysf, h I. MarchM - atM '16.—Thethe A. M. l *. monthly*JS-'CS

**) Secqfdoutb JHrjTrrV,Jiii.rton Select Stakes

Blackfootfol'.owine pton honorTuesday*"lsiU Winners contestsfromBeaver,In recentwerethenete,announced Moront, M.I. A. ies Winners ota *- -tt,4| for

All Taxursflavnlght. f'-*** bm toatV* I IS iA - sponsored am n5e*7t!r stake M fW%r\ B. W owns Senedule V 1 music leader, Stake had"Woodruff fL"-'i- c Benson Stake M. M-LA. STAGES PLAT 1. A, M. Sfl"—Stake iKolob M.RICHFIELD—TheI. a. WedW"-'"* Selects Biv stake.v i tahl—-roW -.o BensonRTCh&6nW RANbOLPHAi.poldsContests SPRlNGVnJ-, Jto * **>>-'

I 16 ***S,.civ ST5l8t* jmCSDAlThB'wk present e! TuedayAC-,

& di

the sSSMA%vAIrS.->dv "ve>>"cast n-MaSlP'atd7 BVByiK"ofea*-.t(o'dV < ""'I wardRive JW **

mere,—HAYSstake *i,c.—oatsat the wU'Kb \EWa STAKE SETS. HONOR BOUNTIFUL, Mar'ch fM

be f Sou?bta ta\eme JT A-/ IlrS tended an...al JrGleaner and M n theban "me, %oe a Qvsci > c* 0. "?'!'the First TvirdMs S onu,

raner '*-.. spratsiS4S-.r

im, Jf Menpreside- X The Improvement Era for May, 1931 421

lows: a. their blooming seasons, b.

their colors, c. the tall and dwarf ones,

their sunshine, d. for habits shade and ID I! IT ID IE IPA IRT/H IE N T A fertilifor of soil various kinds and - ====== Committee e. their zation, requirements. moisture

10. Visit well kept and carefully

Dr. Joseph Chairmen; Lucy and W. Smith, L. BeeleyDr. Arthur

L. Daines, T. Lewis Cannon, Dr. Lyman Ann M.P. Cannon,Merrill, RoseDr. Franklin S. planted parks and gardens. Make acHarris,

W. Bennett, Emily H. Higgs, Charlotte Stewart curate observations and then vitalize

them. 11. Let "home beautiful"become

spring, 5. autumn summer, Let our of recommendations following It old age. over into will give a

be: winter project homes sanitary, and for nextTHEthe one of your hobbies. It can be carried Adult Committee splendid for opportunity outdoor menyear's work have been approved by the orderly, clean within and without, tal and physical activity. It is sure

General Boards of the M. I. A.: beautiful homes, colorful gardens, and to become a source of joy, health and

communities. as the text desirable we adopt happiness. 1st—That can be done by: a. example, 6. This for the course of study—"Howbook 1 2. Establish a community gift and

to Live,"by Fisk and Fisher, instead b. by creating an attitude of love and exchange center for various kinds of

of the committees writing a manual on a desire for beautiful and clean surchoice shrubs, bulbs, and plants.

personal health and hygiene. roundings, c. by the study of author13. Let every community vie with

ized magazines, garden home and course book the reading d. the other first in seeking place for 2nd—For

efficient leadership appointing and of by of the Aspects Word—"Medical beautiful well homes, planned and

interested oran active and by Prof. Oaks of the B. creatingWisdom,"colorful gardens, clean, sanitary and

ganization, collection the of e. byY. U. orderly surroundings.

pictures as such and garden choice by home the project—the is a project 14. This not for one 3rd—As those designed buildby expert home six proof one of thestakes or wards month, but for every for not month;

jects printed in this year's manual. ers and landscape gardeners. one year, but every year.

7. the recreof continuation Citizenship Learn the names of trees, shrubs The Adult Project Com4th—A flowers. taken and been as it has programational mittee, Salt Lake and Davis Area,

8. year. toup a harmonimake Know how Dr. L. Stevenson—Chairman, a of preparation pamcolor ous design. 5 scheme and J. T, thisth—The Heath—ViceChairman,A. text in the 9. the lessons, plants outlining flowers Study as folphlet and Effie Miss Clayton, Secretary.

"How to Live,"which would indicate the points to be stressed. Also that

it contain any other material the Committee feels will be helpful to this ttlEAN IEIRM&II IRIS IDIEPAlAUENT group.: Committee.

Home and Community Grace C. Neslen, Chairman, Rachel G. Taylor, Martha G. Smith, Margaret Newman,

Sanitation and Emily C. Adams

Beautification [This project is being adopted by the

Project Committee,Adult Citizenship stakes in Salt Lakecomprising and Davis Gleaners for a Year—Now What?counties.] By DR. ADAM S. BENNION

1. "The wilderness and the solitary place shall be glad for them; and 'TOMORROW night I join the "Fool! All that is, at all,

ever, Lasts * recall; past young and men of women Ogden rejoice shall desert blossom and the

Earth changes, in a but soul thy sort and of God for the Commencement It shall abundantly, a rose.as blossom

sure: stand year's I shall work. address them on singing; rejoice and with even joyand entered thee, into What Life, Facing the logical aftermath of shall given be of glory the Lebanon is, was, shall That be: and a year's Gleaning. Fortunately we it. the ye Strengthen weak unto Time's stops: runs wheel Potter or back always Life. may Face in death Even feeble knees."the confirm hands, and clay endure. and

face the glory we of Paradise. 35:1-2-3. Isaiah

take "So, use I sit and thy work: that pondering theme, As right, state 2. nation and we be To flaws lurk, what I Amend may turn to the Browning, poet has who right. first be community must strain stuff, o'the What what warpings brought inspiration such convicand is citizenship ideal to keep It 3. not past the aim! life. into tion ought some You my sanitary and place grounds and one's times be in thy hand! My

all to read his day of poem, Rabbi in aid making one Perfect beautiful, but must the as cup planned!

the community clean and beautiful Ben Ezra. Note these four stanzas: Let age approve of youth, and death

also. complete the same!"

along old with me! "Grow health, community 4. Community is yet be, to best The if written As for us, aren't they? sanicommunity and "beautifulness,"life, last for of which The fitting at close the this the first was So year's of everyExample is contagious. tation, made:

study. the great objective For in these Davis through Drive up where. are his in times hand Our

lessons has to been the for open door and Holladay, through out I planned, county, saith, whole 'A Who other garden spots of Salt Lake county, Youth shows but half; trust God: see you—-to bid you look ahead to an

and you will see shrubs, colorful flower all, nor be afraid!'enriched life.

field the covered review you As clean and lawns, well gardens, allied are "Rejoice we yourself as across project out and you healthIn yards. back provide keptall—beautiful, that doth which To I the years, join to you in happy am which communities desirable ful and effect partake, and not receive! not And

as foster once guide. more Your Salt Lake through live. Drive to clod; disturbs our spark A

real teachers, course, of been have your districts residential parks and of City's hold Nearer God we advisers. closeat-hand than say can you and with the tourist, Who gives,

believe. of his tribes that take, pilots—yourI only wish it might have been I must my beautiful."city is the "This

.

422 The Improvement Era for May, 1931

pleasure to enjoy their privilege of carry you my platform for your represented a different country, the listening in on your contemplation. I Gleaning in the years out there across General Authorities and their partners,

could wish that each stake would send the future. the guests of the evening, representing

a summarized statement of the year's America, with decorations in red, response to the problems presented durYour Great Choices: white and blue abounding conspicuing the year. It would be tremen- 1 Character. ously among them and at their table.

dously helpful to know what is in the 2. Career. The Junior Committee spent the evemind of youths. 3. Companions. ning in England, and on each member

Whether this little conclusion bids 4. Culture. present was pinned a Junior rose.

you turn back in thought over the 5. Conviction. Hawaii was well depicted by the Beetrail of the year just closing or leads Hive Committee, with grass skirts,

you out across the trail over the hill I shall not enlarge these suggestions. leis, and even a unique native habitaof young womanhood, it is a blessed In the light of your year's study you tion, surrounded by palms. Many inthought that your choice determines expand them. You can build your teresting costumes and individuals were

edifices best to be discovered the soul. Scandiof the among own it shall be. which Choice,—man's as the otherwise Adult known free richest the things of priv- "Whatsoever Worthy you navians, agency—one the vicinity while in of the Committee, life. ileges do, blessings to with and us find might"Let do them of your

heard voices were strong punccapitalize literally figuraChoice, and may the Lord bless and guide Scouts -—and

turing the atmosphere with songs of capital then let the you always. tively. And C the Vaterland in native German

tongue. The dashing, hotblooded

characteristic in the song and dance by JUNIOR Gil IRIS DEPARTMENT temperaments of Spain were displayed Committees, Music and and Gleaner Committee ==== there was no room to question the fact == that the M Men and their partners

Laura P. Nicholson, Chairman; Agnes S. Knowlton, Julia S. Baxter, Emma Goddard, were enjoying themselves as gay Irish

Katie C. Jensen colleens and redbearded swains in green

tophats. The click of wooden shoes

and the glimpse of flat hats and broad collars made known the presence of Believing and Doing 95 member: Has your knowledge of the Hollanders, alias Vanguards.

faith strengthened? been your And the various of foods from was made up "little the to of our end come

if so, to will determine make you now a countries, each country conducted the investigation inWE these things been increased? Has During the meal, the menu of which journey"of

lives? this part of plan a your Gospel characteristic song. After dinner the its to application plan andGospel

it believe; will prove you Do a pestunt by each committee produced is You it chapters, closing daily life. The you what Do? culiar represented. to the they country to out will and helphoped, round

tie together the many thoughts preThe evening passed quickly and all insented those previously given. To Junior Leaders onepresentof werethe mostagreedsuccessfulthat the eversocialgivenwas statement: The

by the two boards. accomplished have you virtuous, is anything there "If

the past months? WHATduring few praiselovely, or report or of good

worthy, we seek after these things,"is Have you made an impression upon allembracing; it suggests at once how the lives of your girls? Do they

far reaching are the ideals of the regret the finishing of winter's work A T the services held for the lateChurch of Jesus Christ. May each because they love you? Do you know ** Senator Overman, 'Chaplain

girl go from this discussion inspired your girls and their every day lives? Phillips offered the following prayer:

to of one helped them any you Have life's opportunities the of thoughtwith hast companioned Thou who O self the learn lesson of control—helped after ever she conscious beand of may

it not, us even with when knew we character? to you develop them Do literally thebeing daughter "a of

in hast us shepherded shadowed who are love really them? what Now, If will each think oneKing."about far valleys thought Thee when we drift Let to them going do? you life as cycle these in of suggestedthe

aside as turn us be away, with we now to keep or endeavor you from awaychapters, will she be impressed not only life's the into crowded from highway in the together during summer them the of girlhood beauty joywith and the quiet soul, sanctuary within of are little social going groups? They realization the thatbut with mature

gates learn that peace of whose we influence vacation to during need your is itslife possibilities rich equally in is victory defeat and not death but time. at other than you more any Do progress.for enjoyment and

love. holds contradiction no of Thy feel satisfied the personal touch with

Prophet chapter—"The The Girl's to each have Junior given you to hast pleased take been As a of message ThouJoseph Smith"—bringslast life in have with you come whom the soul beloved, of Thyself unto are testimony.faith points and Nine Thy

is this Leaders, your contact? opporintegrity duty, to of devotion whose in divine evidence hisgiven apof

girls for tunity; they be only your may fineness purpose, character have of and are suggested; otherspointment and

this year. earnestly and Pray your

lives, their left girls impress leadersclass our do on think of and Thou may will the Father Heavenly way. show

still pity loving the look with dear others. If considthoughtfully upon

ered, with the background furnished ones bowed in grief for whom especialby the preceding chapters, each girl The Travelogue ly our prayers are offered. Let Thy

will be led to feel that there is indeed fatherly hand be over them, may Thy special interest Girls to Junior love comfort sustain in them, evidence flowing and and"an overwhelming leaders the report spirit be should peace, for give OF and to establish the every quarter them may Thyfrom divine mission of Joseph Smith."And of the annual party of the General they sorrow not as those who have no

as a test of the effect wrought by the Boards of M. I. A. since the theme hope. We ask it in the name of Him

consideration of these things, let the used for the evening was the travelogue who bears our griefs and carries out closing questions be emphasized and idea which has been a feature of Junior sorrows, Jdsus Christ our Lord.

answered in her own heart by every work for some time. Each committee Amen.

The Improvement Era for May, 1931 423

and Sidney Rigdon organized a branch

P. Pratt, followed who visby Parley SCOUTS VANGUARDS at Hamilton, Ontario. These were in ited opened and 1836 up Toronto - Committee =—*gg*IDIEIPT. illustrious the there. a branch Among

at the Gospel embraced persons who

Nicholas Chairmen; R. Mabey, G. Smith, German E.Dr. George R. Hill, Jr., and Charles later: Taylor, this time John was

Horsley Ernest P. C. Ellsworth, Snow, LeRoi Joseph the of president Church, and

Fielding, who was with the first group of elders sent to Great Britain. Orson

Hyde joined Bro. Pratt in this minHistorical Monuments and Markers istryhis fineandlogicaddedtohistherichworkexperienceof his coland

(Continued) league. Here is an opportunity for

the boys of deacon and teacher age in

Christian can read the account of any Christian faith, or any other Canada to honor the men who firstNOof the preaching of the Gospel faith, in any age since the early cencarried the Gospel message into their in the early centuries of our era withturies, can compare with the brethren land.

out feeling a thrill of just pride. After who lifted up the light in this disOn July 1st, 183 7, seven elders,

that eventful day of Pentecost each pensation and carried it to the nations. headed by Heber C. Kimball, arrived

follower of the risen Redeemer seemed Parley P. Pratt, Wilford Woodruff, at Liverpool. Thus is tersely chronto be goaded with an urge to spread John Taylor, Orson Hyde, Heber C. icled the opening of a marvelous work

the message of glad tidings to the Kimball, Brigham Young, Orson Pratt, in the British Isles. No more abundant

uttermost parts of the earth. Peter, Lorenzo Snow and Franklin D. Richoutpourings of the spirit have ever

who had spoken those closing words ards are among the splendid spirits been manifested than those which to the assembled multitude, "For the who take front rank in our age and came through the medium of the promise is unto you and your children suffer nothing by comparison with the brethren who went to that country and unto all that are afar off, even as apostles of the early days of Chrisunder President Kimball, and those many as the Lord your God shall tianity. Manifestations of divine apwho followed later had the same rich

call,"had sounded a note of militant proval of these men and their coblessings. In addition to Bro. Kimproselyting hitherto unknown in hislaborers, as evidenced by miraculous ball, Orson Hyde, Willard Richards,

tory. And so the apostles, with him healings and prophecy, stand out as Brigham Young, Parley P. Pratt, Orat their head, together with a host distinctly as those recorded in the Holy son Pratt, John Taylor, Wilford

of lesser lights, literally carried the Writ; and every boy belonging to our Woodruff and George A. Smith prosetorch of the new religion all over the Church should count it a privilege to lyted in this field. Under their vigthen known world. honor them. orous preaching men and women by

Conversion in some instances was Naturally their work first carried the thousands were brought into the prompt and instantaneous and accomthem into English speaking countries, Church. First at Preston, later at

panied by miracles, but for the most their own land receiving their labors Penworthan, Walkerfield, Thornley, part it was slow and tedious, mankind in the beginning, then more far disRibchester, Chatburn, Waddington, being no whit more believing than it tant places. The instances of their Brampton, Bolton, London and a host

is now, for at the end of the third successes are so many and varied withof other places the press of people century it is doubtful if there were in the confines of the United States, demanding baptism took up all the more than five million souls who acand the historic references so easy of time of the elders and incidentally knowledged themselves members of the access that it would seem needless to aroused a storm of opposition. The

new faith. The disciples of the Nazacall attention to spots which might be labors of Heber C. Kimball and Wilrene met with the same indifference, honored by placing such monuments. ford Woodruff brought forth uninterspersed with the same type of The Church itself has in a number of bounded success and stand out among

persecution and the same degree of sections already erected appropriate rethe missionary miracles of all the ages.

contumely. But no manner of man has membrances in this country. But there Let any member of the Church read

ever graced this earth with finer zeal must still be many places that should the account of the experience of Bro.

and faith than those who were counted receive the attention of Scouts and Kimball and his companions with the among the first missionaries of Christ. Vanguards in Illinois, Indiana, Mishosts of the adversary on July 30th,

Yet they who took up the banner souri, Iowa, Ohio, New York, Penn183 7, at Preston. If he had any

of the Latterday work were just as sylvania, Vermont and other states. doubts as to the divinity of this work,

worthy, just as faithful, just as miliReference to any Church history will those doubts will immediately vanish.

tant. Imbued with the same spirit provide ample material, local knowlSimilar convincing proofs, literally by

and conscious of having the same auedge in such historic spots should be the score, followed the labors of Bro.

thority, they cast aside all the glories sufficient to point the way to the Woodruff in Herefordshire, in London, of temporal existence to win souls to boys who are resident in these states in Worcestershire and in a number of

Jesus and to make for themselves a and members of the Church. other counties. Details of his misplace secure in the hereafter. Even The first land beyond our borders sionary labors sound like the writings

before their great modern prophet had to receive the attention of our misof St. Paul, so replete are they with

been most foully done to death, they sionaries was Canada. (For much of miraculous healings, marvelous conhad caught the contagion of his suthe information given in the following versions and other revelations of God's

preme genius and had scattered to paragraphs we are indebted to Bro. interest in this Latterday work. Bro.

earth's four corners to proclaim the Andrew Jenson, Church Historian and Woodruff relates that by April 6th, wonderful news of a rebirth of inone of the compilers of "Ecclesiastical 1841, there were upwards of six spiration from on high. The very History of Utah."Bro. Jenson has thousand members of the Church befervor of their spiritual appeal must been so helpful in locating the needed sides 800 who had emigrated.

have carried conviction to the many information that the committee feels it But their labors were only the bethousands who heard their message. owes him a debt it cannot repay.) ginning. The British mission has

The world may think what it will Orson Pratt has the honor of carrying probably been the most successful of of the plan of salvation they had to the Gospel outside the United States. all. Every nook and corner of Scotoffer, but it must candidly admit that He first preached in Potten, Canada, land, Wales, England and Ireland, has

no single individual, no group of men July 20th, 1833. Later Joseph Smith [Continued on page 425]

424 The Improvement Era for May, 1931

The Song of Fulfillment.

Its light will lead calm paths you into the of Regret wailing Voice BEEHIVE GIIIRJLS DEPARTMENT TheWheretorch I carry never dies; te = Committee not mar Life's beauty. does ====

Sarah R. Cannon, Chairman; Catherine Folsom, Vida F. Clawson, Glenn J. Beeley, Marie C. Art Forum Elsie T. Thomas, Brandley

DURING the past few months many questions on the subject of handin art craft sent have been and work ness, all marriage, relaand human Truth Love office to the general care in of Glenn tionships truth as a have foundamust is J. Beeley, the handcraft exwho

if last. tion they would truth the truth speak the and thouLove the pert of Since General Board. most

says, Prophet the Moroni The in love "By are these interest of to of than more peaceable descendof the and pure Ghost, power ye wisdomThe Holy may the individuals write few about who eth above. from all the truth things."of know The expressed Beeley has them, her Mrs. sell it not truth the and thou Buy is all conferred Holy Ghost Latupon willingness the to conduct, during again: terday Saints are they conwhen

it, months, an question open great summer for part price box too thou noCount If firmed. it live that so be can we

it gain. in the for of the with section BeeHive no Mutual

us, constantly shall with the have we is calm, refugeAll rock and truth and the questions Messages of Era. Any to recognize truth power when we tower; line the along which have you may

it. meet truth calm, of the of more moreThe art of will be handcraft applied and "Nothing to be can easy than its its more is calmness power. considered the for printed answers and

is is the truth. truth, speak truth calmness theCalmness unwise, and The

all benefit. inAddress your such

still, the ignoble, poor, the youthful, can

J. quiries Beeley, to c/o Glenn Genits lifts like the forehead to storm,Truth all it. equally practice can Nothing

eral Salt Building, Bishop's Board, 33 hill. eternal Bonar. some difficult be falsely. to more than speak

City, replies the will be Lake and rich, wise, great, the the aged, the The earliest issue in the possible published is Doctrine Truth? and all their failed in have attempts."WHAT the of following. Era section ninetythree, Covenants, is to the truth reckof "Truth end

verse twentyfour read's, "Truth its a oning."For the handcraft section of the

knowledge of things as they are and Milton says, "Truth is as impossible BeeHive Institute mimeographed maas they were and as they are to come."to be soiled by any outward touch as terial has been prepared which will be

The dictionary defines truth as the sunbeam."sent out to stakes or wards desiring

addressed stamped, it. Send in yourfaithful, loyal, correct. genuine, to truth the put "Whoever knew

a envelope request with for this matter says, Life of Royal Path The worst in an open encounter?"

it will to is be forwarded and you a standard to according"Truth certain trained youth, early from A promptly. alt things to are be judged.which tell to the truth, boyhood, bidwas

it, it to appeal should beWhen we ding his to mother. goodbye She

with carefully in sincerity of purpose and honesty had belt, a leather sewed Suggestions on Material for of feeling."the lad's thirty around pieces body, of

"I look Scrap Books laugh and up and would earnings. combined The silver—their lift."line expresseslove This and to travel hours boy was required many

interesting prayer, longing,the that the inward lights on imporover unfrequented by coach roads beSOME we all possess for a fuller measure of fore he could reach his destination. tant character have been shed

those genuine qualities which make us Near the journey's end, the stage coach through their scrapbooks, for in these free. Truth is freedom. was waylaid and passengers at the are reflected their interests and pursuits.

Great men have written great articles point of a gun found themselves face To know what kind of poetry interests on and about the truth, but the measto face with a band of bandits. The a person is to know the person better;

ure of their own individualgreatness robbers roughly gathered their swag. to read little random thoughts which

lies in the fact that they themselves As they approached the boy, the first he has jotted down is to understand accepted the truth. Let us carry on bandit shouted, "Well, lad, what have better his mental processes, his ideals

with that open, sincere frankness which you?"and his dreams.

is beautiful. "Thirty pieces of silver,"came the How many times a year do you

There are two causes for untruth frank and earnest reply. wish you might be able to lay your

fear and the desire for reward. How- "Where?"said the robber. hand upon some little bit of informaisever, if the point proper of view in seen print have tion which you "Sewed in a belt about my waist,"

a lie it, to beassumed, more time somewhere? is much At the you saw the reply. was

feared than the truth, and the reward, "Who put it there?"came the next there was every chance to clip or copy

no matter how great, can never comquestion. it and make it your own, but so easy

pensate for the lie. "My mother,"answered the lad. is it to leave a thing like that until

Godfrey Cass, in George Eliot's "Keep it!"said the bandit. some other time that the opportunity

Silas Marner, lived a lie for nearly Truth is not limited to the spoken is gone, the source of the information twenty years, only to find that truth word. It manifests itself in every act, lost or forgotten, and a valuable bit

from the first would have brought hapin every deed. It is forcibly present taken out of your life. A well orpiness and freedom. in the glance of an eye, the swing of ganized scrap book is a help in saving

Nancy, his wife, for whose pos- a walk, a gesture of the hand. In such things. To have a book set apart

session Godfrey had lived the lie, and truth God created, and his creation especially for the preservation of mawhom he loved with his whole being, must ring true. terial which to you is important is of

said, "Had you but told me, we could Blanche K. McKey has put into great worth, as in addition to the achave righted the wrong together."beautiful lines her conception of truth: tual material stored up in it, it is a

all felt the bitterness forGodfrey of a factor in encouraging to watch you

I falter: lie, Firmfooted not do tread—I simply not futile, but had stimulatingthat was bits, and in your Cleareyed, I Yesimportant look and upon Today

defeated its own end. terday; thinking habits, for you must think

All the pleas.mt associations in life Unhesitant, I listen to the carol of the carefully to decide which things really

depend upon truth. Friendship, busitt: Future b are vital and which not.

The Improvement Era for May, 1931 425

A BeeHive scrap book may becomeone of the most cherished possessions FebruaryMl.A.Report of Accomplishments

it it, into for girl makes theof who. I,, OJ

*-> for she taB values.m w whichgoes information kl w +->—t/<v c a. cU and the memories also foritself and cda. i S 2 >-3s w o vt—with.—connected 8 associationsinteresting a> u "a a, 1 cVi.5 **u aj =31 C9 there Ait. scrap u this book of type In

=31 E= = D o c c 3 S; S P OJ 5 n. o system for andis every opportunity

a*E v Ea itself o '1—the work BeeHive asmethod, Ejz in 1.1= s

l/J a B V. o pattern. orderlyis o in VI an S arranged g a. a. o 5 H "v. 8 PS* | C9 id vj2(A o CM cjS to according your book Divide i-a> -n *- o o re a o o "S VI3 o *o is first taken. step the -4-rfields,...—OJ O) en and E wl<d o paper, magazines, in -v?o n. rea.. (B EThereafter Z'c zco DZ 2 ez when z Z oz Z Z

or experience, you discover a new and Y.M.| Y.L. Y.M. Y.L. Y.M. Y.L. Y.M. Y.L. Y.M.| Y.L.

11 7 10 7 7 4 6 7 3 2 6 7 7 25 5 5 a Alberta already fact, haveinteresting you 6 Alpine 5 6 5 3 3 5 4 85 paste, or record to copyplace in which fi8 7 6 7 4 Bannock 4 5 60 5 3 2 11 10 2 Bear 11 G 60 10 Lake 7 pictures 5 7 6 of it ait. book not make Do

G 9 12 11 River 12 5 12 12 Bear 4 80 8 8 11 8 11 8 the background suggest these foronly, 12 7 14 14 9 10 11 14 40 Benson 14 111 it tell story. the 2 3 3 2 Beaver 5 3 2 3 85 1 3 Makerather than

3 1 3 45 6 3 3 2 2 Big Horn that of different from one book,your 7 5 7 68 7 4 5 6 Blackfoot 13 6 7 experiences girl, just as your 3 1 63 2 3any other 6 4 1 2 2 2 Blaine 2 2 4 2 6 4 5 6 4 75 5 7 6 4 6 10 10 2 7 9 your different. own Boiseare Put down

11 13 11 10 82 11 5 8 13 Boxelder 11 13 notes.observations; your own make 7 8 7 7 53 6 6 5 8 1 7 7 7 8 8 Cache

5 2 4 67 5 3 9 6 3 6 Carbon Religion your own Field ofIn the 3 6 5 35 5 5 4 1 6 6 5 Cassia has incident which of anversion 3 7 7 4 4 4 3 6 7 10 4 5 4 5 50 7 inCottonwood value is of far more 6 faith 8 1 4 5 2 2 4 3 5creased 6 4 100 your 3 5 5 Curlew ".

7 6 5 7 4 6 4 6 7 12 38 Bible, Deseret of the the a list books ofthan 7 4 7 11 40 4 8 3 5 2 Duchesne easily. ascertained latter be can thefor 9 5 10 2 3 6 83 4 4 8 7 ib 5 10 8 4 East Jordan

4 4 4 1 40 1 4 4 3 10 the Emery note Field of Home,In the 7 1 4 7 7 23 8 8 4 2 8 6 8 4 8 7 Ensign have a recipe which you inchanges 6 7 75 7 10 2 11 11 10 13 8 14 76 12 10 12 14 10 10 14 Fremont on the original. improvement anfound

3 1 4 42 4 3 5 5 3 8 7 Garfield successrecord of an especially aKeep 9 10 7 60 10 5 6 10 10 7 10 Granite ful party or entertainment in which Grant 14 13 5 12 12 11 7 50 8 13 9 1 7 7 5 7 7 6 5 3 6 3 7 7 7 1 73 the note participated, and haveyou 8 7 6 12 9 10 3 5 6 7 84 12 12 12 12 Hollywood Field its success. In the forreasons 10 12 6 10 5 56 4 9 6 12 Idaho Falls 12

4 5 5 4 5 5 50 5 2 5 idea you Juab 5 new put Health down theof 2 1 1 2 3 3 3 75 6 3 2 Juarez child's con- a making abouthave 4 5 4 3 4 7 3 92 6 7 7 Kanab 3 5 5 59 2 3 3 2 1 5 1 3 3 4 5valescence more bearable; and so on Kolob 5

5 6 5 8 75 4 2 8 4 Lethbridge indefinitely. 5 5 6 3 4 1 fi4 88 4 6 5fi Lehi

7 4 6 5 12 11 11 9 85 12 12 Liberty a scrap book can make Anyone 6 7 6 6 8 11 3 4 4 9 8 86 10 9 9 9 Logan interest. Only general is of 11 10which 62 11 11 11 5 9 8 8 10 6 ID 4 10 10 Los Angeles

2 1 3 2 2 28 3 River 4 scrap Lost your yourself, can makeyou.

4 4 1 3 3 3 3 4 4 2 48 6 1 2 2 4 Lyman mirror page will every on whichbook 9 8 6 7 7 6 4 5 4 47 9 8 2 6 5 9 Malad 10 7 10 63 7 8 7 8 7 of 4 6 5 3 9 10 trend or Maricopa 10 in some moodyou 5 3 4 5 55 5 3 2 2 6 5 of Millard thing a your bookthought. Make 1 8 3 8 65 1 4 3 2 2 2 8 2 4 2

joy now and one which will be of Moapa 10 7 10 1 1 6 8 3 8 2 6 7 70 9 8 8 7 41 5 4 4 7 6 5 10 10 Montpelier 13 inestimable value in years to come.

2 8 3 6 2 5 6 4 50 8 7 Morgan Nebo 9 9 5 8 8 9 7 60 9 9 8 North Davis 7 5 2 3 5 4 3 12 4 3 4

North Sanpete.-. 5 5 3 4 5 4 3 50 5 5

North Sevier 4 2 1 2 2 2 50 1 2 2

North Weber 14 14 2 11 12 10 5 21 10 14 14 12 Ogden 11 ""1211 4 43 7 118 5 119 6 117 89 8075 66 129 109 Oneida

fi 9 fi9 43 56 57 fi5 44 7930?,1 68 68 VanguardsScouts OquirrhPalmyra

Panguitch 6 5 4 3 3 5 3 4 2 4 3 3 39 3 4 3

Parowan 11 4 2 1 3 4 2 75 2 4 3 Department Pioneer 10 9 5 6 7 9 5 77 10 9 9

Pocatello 10 10 9 9 7 9 7 85 7 10 10 [Continued from page 423] Raft River 76 7 55 3 1 3 52 5 43 3 42 3 90 63 65 65 8 fi a a fi 5 fi 4 fi 4 been combed to bring the honest in ShelleySouth Davis 98 3 87 3 2i 3 66 3 56 3 45 55 fifl69 48 77 47 6 6 6 4 8 83 3 8 6 4 8 8 6 3 4 Sevier South thousands to the truth, many heart 7 3 3 5 8 5 8 4 72 10 11 Valley emigrated it and 1 5have embraced 6 4 58 3 5 1 6 13 8 to SummitStar 3 5 2 5 2 4 4 4 75 7 5 Sharon of that the backbone forming Utah, 9 9 12 70 13 10 11 6 "fi 4 7 11 10 13 13 12 Salt Lake that 1 fine 3 and womanhood 2 3 3 3 70 manhood 1 1 3 10 Francisco.... San

1 1 2 2 3 3 4 2 2 2 75 sixties fifties, the in the here settled 2 5 8 8 7 7 6 4 6 8 7 65 5 8 8 5 Sevier century. the last of seventies 1 3 3 4 3 1 2 4 66 2 and the 6 St. Johns

Space would not permit us to enter Taylor 156 4 IB6 3 71 2 84 3 94 4 96 84 8056 94 95 102 into further details regarding the misTimpanogos 6 5 1 4 5 4 4 100 6 5 2 sionary work in this land, but these TooeleTintic \. 104 73 13 16 14 33 13 4750 11 26 26

are examples from which the Scouts Twin Falls 5 4 4 1 3 2 2 2 2 3 2 57 2 4 4 and Vanguards can draw to honor the 95 95 75 32 52 81 41 65 65 73 63 93 10063 13 75 45 brethren who so gloriously carried on Utah 9 9 2 6 7 6 5 88 2 9 6 country. Let us be up Wasatch favored in this Wayne 69 93 5 37 83 82 31 4485 91 83 83 Chas. doing. R. Mabey. and

126 The Improvement Era for May, 1931

FebruaryM.LA.Report of Accomplishments

re a k—Of c s JS CO<v a? n OJ5>, more The CD <U

Of C *3 ra CO = rea. '>

os at w re> ESi.el.5 Ifl have re you re Q. m

V)*- *-*w -a &O C9c Rl.E 5 4- = O

ra re * t33 2> s E CLT3tS o the 2S more Ere c EJE re C (A O en J=If VJa V Is en *a S<fl 1 TS - Am g a. *o s s (J g* have you o reS—-= rea CO5 O JO\CM C8S reUs O '-a * ai O O o <*-a o 3 5

ot reo Ea) ra for O o o.E D o o O need o 5 z: a. o PEL Z -2 e o St z O mCO E Z Z z z Z z 3i

Y.M. Y.L. |Y.M. Y.L. |Y.M. Y.L. Y.M.| Y.L. Y.M.[ Y.L. INSURANCE Weber 9 9 2 4 6 7 4 55 8 9 7

West Jordan 8 3 6 1 2 6 2 5 2 4 2 26 5 6 3

Woodruff 4 4 4 1 3 3 4 67 4 4 4 8 8 5 5 3 10 7 70 8 3 6 3 6 inYellowstone have by you Protect what 3 V 3 3 3 2 4 2 50 4 Young 2 3 2 - 6 6 1 4 69 7 5 6 6 insur- 6 Zion Park 4 sound Buy suring it.

20 Calif. 23 14 14 90 19 6 Mission 38 17 8 11 14 24 12 10 16

3 3 3 2 50 1 3 10 2 2 3 Canadian ance. Let us explain the

6 2 3 6 40 9 3 Eastern States 3 9 9 8 13 12 13 3 8 11 11 10 13 10 9 Northwestern 19 12 77 value of a policy in the Utah 1 1 4,.,,, 5. 3 1 34 1 Northern 7 5 16

1 Centra] 7 iStates 14 6 7 3 11 6 62 Home Fire Insurance Co. 2 9: 8

........ -*-- m mw. 9 East Central 2 1

Texas Mission.... 6 5 2 2 2 1 2 2 36 2 3 1

Utah Home Fire Insurance Co. Priesthood Quorums

Heber J. Grant 8 Co.

[Continued from page 417] General Agents Salt Lake City, Utah are seen to be chewing gum while advanced as the substance of our obpassing the Sacrament and this habit servations in wards of this and other should not be permitted. Boys who stakes. We do feel, however, that

use tobacco in any form should not be attention to these details will dignify permitted to officiate in this ordinance. the work of the deacon and priest and

increase the sacredness of our Sacraor novel claim nothing new service. are ment suggestions. NEW WALL PAPERS aboutWe these They

Arriving Daily Closing Out Some Patterns &!j9Va<*-

As Low As 3c Per Roll PAINT—-Every Gallon GuaranMaking, Economic Fur Fly

teed—$2.40 Gallon. 70c Quart.

40c Pint. [Continued from page 397]

Complete Line of Draperies.

Line Complete of Glidden's Paints can study the New York, St. the business side of fur should be Varnishes. and

PICTURE FRAMING Louis, Seattle, London, and Gerpresented to him just as ruthlessly.

ArmstrongEngberg Wall Paper Co. man markets, he can himself trap This great gap in Boy Scout work

19 West First So.—Wasatch 5281 muskrat and weasel, he can learn that is to be found in the beaver

to distinguish "Hudson seal"made country of old French trappers is as of rabbit skins from that comsurprising as the lack of merit

L. P. CHRISTENSEN'S posed of musk rat pelts, with badges in geology in a land traguard hairs sheared, and above all versed by the Colorado river and

Le CRIST SCHOOL OF he can study the diet and habits of the Rocky mountains. If a merit

DANCING fur bearing animals. (Such work badge is ever to be given Boy

(A Standard Yet Modern School) would help his pocket book and Scouts for fur knowledge, Mr.

303 Deseret Bank Building later make him a more understandWood should be one of the men] to

Wasatch 8120 ing husband and father of fur make out the syllabus. R man

wearing women and girls. The who advocates fox farms as well

ideals, rapid of school The prices. reasonable ods and methmerit badge would be fully as as sheep on the waste lands, and

valuable to him as a poultry badge.

SUMMER TERM He learns in his poultry scout work vineyards on every fox farm will JUNE 1st TO 27th that the average man without capsome day jincrease the fur business INQUIRE ital never stays in the poultry busappreciably by the addition of the iness more than three years arid Boy Scout army of workers.

The Improvement Era for May, 1931 427

"Latterday Revelation"Reviewed by A NonMormon DR. JAMES E. TALMAGE Novelist

Writes an Unprejudiced And Apen- and general Scriptures of comprising the forebearing bookA NEW preciative Story Great Of The the of as the value, given during Word title recently been going has7 r Prophet First the and Elder Epoch through "Mormon"Its Lordpublished the Church. by is dispensation, in 'the present which

unique character and the intrinsic verily the 'Dispensation of the Fulness worth of its contents commend of Times'."

CoveDoctrine complete and "The littlethe volume to both members HELL and is accessible publication, a current nants nonmembers.and

all, that so to that between comparison

It comprises selections from the volume and this is a simple undertaking.

Doctrine and Covenants, which, as Every omission from the full text isall who Tead know, is one of the indicated in these pagies—by asterisks Hallelujah!

standard works of the Church, and where parts of Sections are left out and has been officiallyas such adopted byentirety."the absence of some Sections in their A Startlingly people. theby The following

extract "Foreword"from the is a "CROM this it is readily seen that Human Word as to the purposeconcise statement and scope 1 of the new hook. Latterday Revelation is in no Picture way put out as a substitute for

"Many of the revelations given prior to the Doctrine and Covenants, which By the organization the Church of and during NORTON S. PARKER latter, of course, will continued be dutiesits related to immediate years early Author of dealt in its as a publication others callings estabwell individuals; ofand THE CRIMSON DAWNespecially with conditions in the Church lished form. The new book prerimes. particularat interesting story, A distinguishing has "An which a sents convenient of summary

thefeature communications of these from its basis facts for the surrounding revof the most important many in their timeliness; were appears theyLord the trek of the Latterday Saints

granted to meet circumstances calling for elations given rn this dispensation. from Illinois to the Great Salt

Divine direction of specific nature. ExInstead of the short verses of the Lake."Senator Reed Smoot.

instances illustrativecept Lord's as of the standard the subjectmatter book, directly of His communicating withWay is arranged in longer these revelations,prophets, once paragraphs, "Itfromis unlikethe pressanythingof late.that Thehas comefact many of

of present, and pressing significance, beprinted in large readable type in that you have caught the spirit of came relatively of reduced importance with the new volume. The book gives the people who, through religious

willing were to givethe up the conditions passing that of service of great had promise live among devotion,comfortable to in the homes; forth.brought them investigators, and both members wilderness enables to say little you someselected contains "This book

Sections and parts of Sections from the and is especially suited to use in thing about them that the ordinary

Doctrine and Covenants, the selections the mission fields. writer might overlook.

"It is a fascinating story and I am sure will be enjoyed by all who

their change the as to viewpoint An Apology for the Book of Mormon read it. No doubt many will cause of exodus and the 'Mormon'

give to the people pioneered who record, neatto the a given was Era has been handed whichHpHE this western wilderness conmore little of ly printed volume the one world through Prophet Joseph sideration heretothan they have hund.red eightytwo pages, with Smith. It is evident that the fore. The book should have a good

title, the foregoing written by E. author has spent much time and interestsale. Itto isthesoend."readableGeorgeand Albertholds Cecil principal of McGavin, of one

the Church seminaries. To many, thought in the preparation of this Smith.

the title of this book will be rather volume, which will prove an in- "Mr. Parker has given something

misleading,, for in reality, it is a teresting addition to the literature of challenging worth."Professor

vigorous defense of the Nephite of the Church, Howard R. Dviggs.

You will want to read "Hell and

Hallelujah!"Just; off the Press and

The Upward Reach already thrilling readers everywhere.

KN Era readers are familiar From beginning to end of this GOLDEN Mail ThisWESTCouponBOOKWithSERVICEOrder with the writings. of Leo J. interesting book, every page is Hollywood,Suite 210, 1462California.No. Stanley Avenue,

-president of AngelesMuir, the Los packed full of inspiration. PresSend me copies of Hell and Halstake, his volume from This new

in Muir's writing purpose it lelujah. $ (Add I enclose market. thepen on As ident is now

postage outside for 15c additional stimulate Was to and men women a preface, the quotes author Harry States Canada.) and United

I&rhp's poem, the last verse of to higher thoughts and better Price $2.00 Postpaidand Canada.per copy inU.'-., S.

whicH is as follows deeds, and all who read it will be Check D Money Order

all to reach of and Name works, prompted wondrous outward Thy "Chief:

all plan: Supreme Thy r for gifts the Address - upward which now reach an: putof,'TJpu.hast upward

'seem unattainable. soul the Into of man."

428 The Improvement Era for May, 1931

- - amnHoaBaaM Additional Internal Evidence for the

Authenticity of the Book of Mormon,! [Continued from page 389]

f of and the lifted nineteen that their i to 'divide there asunder;""and

i sailed anchors to sea reand only one exceeding were lightnings, sharp t turned. St. Lucie strongest the buildAt

t as never such been in had known ings were torn their up from foundations;

i; athancannonthirtywasyards,hurledanda distancemen as ofwellmoreas hemlaall the didland,takeandfire."the cityIn ofchapterZaraanimals off were lifted their feet i and nine, "the burning with fire"of i carried several yards. six hundred Of THE CHILDREN'S houses in Kingstown in the island of four cities is referred to with this

I St. fourteen Vincent fire alone inphrase, remained did "I send and down

t tact. - rapid (did) destroy them."The THEATRE the "In Islands, Leeward the inhabi-; just lightning could have done tants) the of palace government took

a Children's will Theatre be The: this. the ashes descending hot As refuge in center the the of building during

n the feature Sesof McCune Summer the of height the fire cities set thinking that storm, of to the volcano the fascision, 8 18. to July June A: the thickness the immense of (nearwalls of the so and Gomorrah, Sodom course of nating dramatization 12 ly yards) four circular their and shape

class correctly like lightning, periods designed to sheet descending a preserve would the fury; them from of

child's for train the imagination fire set flame, the to of have may the eleven wind. thirty they p. At m.

give his future were to obliged repair cellar, cities. development—10 the to as four of Book Mormon i selfconfidence. poise and him the penetrated wind i had everywhere and accurate are wonderfully How years children 5 to Classes for 13 i lifted off roof. the the However, water

t these in statements the simple age. of in the cellar rising to the height of more t Read about this training in our f than a yard, they were driven into the Book of Mormon when compared

i Catalog. copy will be Summer A

request. to mailed you upon

I i battery,the cannon,and someprotectedof whichthemselveswere behinddriven withwords,Doctor"someFlammarion'stimes the flashesgraphicof

i their places the from force by the of wind. are lightning, that so rapid they t light the the of "By country dawn

t like a sheet descend of flame,"it as in looked does there midwinter; was t McCUNE

i leaf, a single not a reor even branch t School of Music and Art trees.'''is the also interest maining upon the scien- r\F great t

Main North 200 reference to the of power tist's

City, Salt Lake violent to change windstorms Utah tt* TN this graphic description of a these terrible Indian whirlwind face West nature: the very of "Buildlearnsg m gg S 5agggSSSSSSSBS one of lie a number the speings in are which their path

cific characteristics that attend huroverturned, the waters of streams

Interior ricanes in general. Note especially are driven back toward their

Decorating that"the ofdullthe sounds,"roaring of "noiseswild beasts,like source;by theirisolatedroots, treesforestsare aretornbentup

Painting—Paperhanging criesa tumultof terror,"of countless"a formidablevoices and downcompactas mass,if theyandformedtheir branchesbut one

see Jefferson Ward, references For the discharge sound like of arare scattered; leaves and even the

Hawthorne Ward, Ward, Ninth Ninetillery, incessant rolling an of grass is swept off the ground."Ward, teenth Jordan Ward, West

this parallels such Contrasted with this the words Fonrth Ward, 12 th13th Ward. thunder."How

are few Ariorive*tne less accurate: Ketterer & Perschon brief"dreadfulphrasesgroanings"in the III andNephi,"tuas butM,mmn "And

Company multuous noises!"thus the face of the whole earth

657 Washington Street, Again note the reference by became deformed because of the

Salt Lake City, Utah Doctor Flammarion to electrical tempests and the thunderings and

Phone Was. 2797 Phone Hy. 375 discharges that are gpecific conthe lightnings 'and the quaking

comitants to the West Indian hurof the earth."

ricanes: "Generally speaking the Moreover one should not fail

action of electricity is superadded to note the power of these storms to the violence of the air in moto carry away men and animals as $125.00—$250.00 tion, and helps to augment the well as such ponderous objects as

PER MONTH ofravageslightningof the sotempest;"rapid that"Flashesthey cannons."Men as wellOuras animalsauthoritywere says:liftIN ELECTRICITY descend like a sheet of flame."And ed off their feet and carried several

I here detonathat the add of yards."The Book Mormon AND maytions the of deafening thunder statement is that were "many

TELEGRAPHY may best be imagined. ried away in the whirlwind."AndcarPositions Guaranteed 'so in this particular as in all the

;;t,he record sacred is found

accord the Phone, Write or Call TJiTITH"call nowthis freshsome phrasesin mind,from,reothersto bein with American Telegraph the Book of Mormon account reknown peculiarities of hurricanes.nowferring lightning: to thunder and College

terrible thunder, "and there was reference to ternend CANNOT Salt it that Lake City insomuch shake the *I"did the pointing pests without out whole earth as if it was about fact that the Book of Mormon.:

The Improvement Era for May, 1931 42*)

lands were situated in regions that Characteristics of Hurricanes as Menhave suffered greatly from the ravtioned1. Veryby Professorviolent winds.Flammarion

ages of hurricanes since the advent 2. Powerful enough to carry away

of the Spaniard in the New World, men.

and doubtless also before he came. 3. Terrible noises and sounds.

perish. 4. Great numbers folin theThis is made emphatic

face 5. changed. of nature The

scithe observationlowing from 6. are usually Hurricanes accompanied INVEST entists last quoted: by thunder and lightning. Safdyand Profitably

7. like lightning descends fire and The Monthly $3.50 Pay

fire of sets cities at times. to Poey, Director astronomer "The get and a GOL.C oua discharge the S. are thunders like the Observatory Cuba, has at Havana, The that matures you BONDyou

ascertained by a laborious research into of artillery. $1000.00 and earns you a

of $342. Oi PROFIT in fearthe that raged the hurricanes have | 9. Most for inspiring phenomena NETpay CASH ALL

Indies since of discovery the exceptions. with few AmerWest ilnown $1000.00 BONDSyour GOLD

ica (1493) to the present day, that there \ and then have been three hundred sixtyfive grand Corresponding Phenomena Mentioned finds thirds cyclones. that twoHe have in the Book of Mormon as Attending the H * * *occurred during the period when: "Great Tempest"| hfour profit $545.24

the heated shores of South America are 1 A great and terrible tempest.

to attract towards begininng them the colder air of and denser North America."4 2. Many were carried away in the 'W$m Pay $10.50 Monthly whirlwind.

get and you GOLD 3.:1F*8l groanings tumultuous Dreadful and that you HPWggS mature BONDS

noises. that the the of a geography Note earn you and $3000. 'j&WB*

f 4. to a reduced nation whole $1026. 00profit NET A destructive cyclones the ofmost all for your cash pay $HK& Or its fraction population. of

in $3000.00 is placed hemisphere thuswestern GOLD 5. land the face of whole was The J then an WNDS iniHrSSifSiBf center of far the the not from changed.

Nephite civilization as determined 6. With the tempest came terrible

lightning. thunder and profit scholars. $16192 *'Kjlyburby Book The of Mormon * * 7. lightnings sharp Exceeding

is supposed neck"small of land"fire. city of did take Zarahemla the and Write and address name

to refer to the Isthmus of Panama, 8. Terrible thunder did shake the in pencil for full free

and therefore settlements were whole earth. postpaid details. (.E)

doubtless to be found in the north- 9. Fears of people voiced in mournern part America of South as well ing, weeping, groaning, and wailing. s as in Central America. Doubtthat reader should observe The YOU INVHT ANY MONEY PROTECTION1 ON *TOUH WM less, were the Nephites then more

REQUIRED BY LAW US GREATER THAN IS Vp'A of the characteristics above terseveral less these acquaintedor with rible storms for they resided in a listed are also known to accomespecially items earthquakes, pany subject usually to them. region that (qnsoli dated three to six, inclusive. So gives that added an Perhaps meaning to the words, "There in these particulars at least, the BUILDING MOAN CO,

arose a great storm, such an one as hurricane and the quake serve the A GUARANTEE COMPANY never had been before known in disastrous ends of reenforcing one 3&D9SERET&ANKBLDG, all the land."They had known another. yALT LAKE CITY,UTAH

violent tempests before, but not A candid person, when scansuch a terrible one as this which ning th<? above mentioned charnow arose. acteristics of hurricanes, will readily agree that few young men at

twentyfive a knowledge have small fraconly a A LTHOUGH of Announcement all these facts such as would enhas material tion of available been called upon thus far in disable one to fit them properly into THE cussing the existing parallels be- a description of The World's tween sacred and secular accounts Greatest Tempest, as we may call STANDARD of tempests, hurricanes and lightthis one in contradistirctinn to nings, it will have to suffice for the Great Hurricane of 1780. Chemical

the purpose of the present dissertation. Perhaps at this point, and Hf HEREFORE the argument that Products Co.

before passing on to the other half * Joseph Smith at the time he P. O. BOX 1764, DENVER, COLO.of my topic, namely earthquakes, produced the Book of Mormon

it will be well to present a sumcould hardly have known enough Takes pleasure in announcing to the mary which may make clearer the of the detailed characteristics of poultry raisers a free ADVISORY remarkable parallelism that actuhurricanes to have inserted in the ing,SERVICE,Culling,on Sanitation,Breeding, Feeding,PreventionHousof ally exists between the Book of sacred record all the particulars Diseases, etc., gained through years

Mormon account and more modern that careful study now shows of experience and scientific tests.

scientific statements. The sumwere necessary to be included and Ask the Representative when he calls

mary will be put in the form of no others, is valid. for any help you may need. This innot place you under lists, the parallel numberstwo acformation does that the conclusion he And

any obligation. in one one to ninefrom translated list cortually of Morthe Book

responding in subject matter to mon from firsthand records of Tjiah State Representative the same number in the other list. eyewitnesses to the events men- C. R. PORTER

4The Atmosphere, by Camille Flamtioned in them is also valid. 735 Wash Ave., Ogden, Utah

marion, page 330, et scq. (Concluded in next number)

430 The Improvement Era for May, 1931

Joseph Smith, I The Most Thrilling j I Dance Place in The West—Brilliant A Modern American Prophet.

Music, Merry Crowds!

[Continued from page 395} lOfdWc/ufc'thereAndis greatnow interestDavid inwriteswhat Josthat proofsJoseph ofis ait.born"Heseer,toldfor mehe hasthe

Oliver are doing. eph and left Everytime you home, where you Salt

is talking body about first only it, not stopped the night the and Lake

City jn his father's large household, but second night, and when you would throughout the entire neighborbe here."And David confirms the

hood. They must come to Fayette. first three points, and the fact that

Father and Mother Whitmer want the two had gone out to meetDAN INC them to. So do the neighbors. David, is evidence of the third

And they can stay at the Whitpoint. David, in turn, tells about

boys—Johnmer's for nothing,or Peter,and Jr.,one orof Dathe howmiraculouslythe workspeeded,at his ashomehe wasbebe glad to take turns lieved, in order that he might get MODERN BOOKS vid—will

with Oliver in writing. Moreover, off on his journey the sooner.

will that come for them whenQualify you for all David Fayette Joseph Oliver At and so. ever they say are welcomed the by Whitmer's, PUBLIC SPEAKING

stay. where they there the And consider young the admen for new T'HE Occasions—send is translation finished. is Oliver visability of moving. HarCatalog. occasionally relieved his in part of

is a long every mony from way the the one work of by boys and one, is almost, interested who in Emma. THE SPEAKERS their Smiths, the work—the LIBRARY Knights, the Stoals, and now the Altogether, the Book of Moras we have it now has taken (Brightwood Station) Whitmer's and their friends. On mon

three about in the the months other is hand, at just here Washington, D. C. translation. course, all this interested does in Of in nobodythem—except not take into a consideration that what would good. way do no

In fact, there are signs that pretty was done when Martin Harris

is that included trouble in our present already, have would come PEWS soon there will be trouble. That wrote for Joseph, for none of of altogether, Mormon. influBook for not been And if it had the

Pulpits ence of the most prominent citizen Joseph has had the Nephite plates

CHAIRS inthereHarmony,are signs alsoIsaacthatHale.Mr. Hale'sBut intytwohis possessionmonths. forItat isleastnowtwensix

Folding, feelings toward his sonin-law are years and more since he first knew of the whereabouts of the ancient least growing so far Kindergarten lukewarm—at

record. as his religious concerned. work is and Opera

Maybe the fact that Joseph is (To be continued) Bank, Office, Church and Store

Fixtures not engaged in work that pays to Salt Lake Cabinet & himdo withany moneyit. Andhas so,somethingit would Fixture Company THOMAS NIXON CARall not surprising be at if the F) R. now 32 Richards Street says: "Economics has VER for us "Write prices ill feelings of will in the neighborhood should break out into somebeen called the science of statesthing very disturbing. There is manship. Statesmanship is the art

every reason for going, and no parof nationbuilding. One good way

art of nationbuild- The Utah High ticular reason for staying. So they to study the

is ing, it to in study miniature. to go. School of Beauty decide it can study in in One miniature David comes for them in a

early colonies on the Atlantic Culture wagon drawn by two horses. It the

331 Clift Bldg., Salt Lake is about the first of June. The coast, and in the 'Mormon'coloLearn a profession that would make plates, for safekeeping, are given nies in Utah.

independent for the you rest of to their heavenly keeper, Moroni. "I have long been interested in catalog. for your life. Write

Mail this Coupan. the 'Mormon'policy. It is one of

'"THE two friends, Oliver and the most interesting and instructive

Name David, exchange confidences experiments in the world. It

Address...w.. when they are alone. Oliver tells throws a great deal of light on the

David that now he knows for a art of nationbuilding. It, thereprovide board and room

; out CityWe can! students of town. to work.fact thatIt hehasisbeenengagedrevealedin atodivinehim. studyfore, furnishesof the science,laboratoryof statesmanfor the

- Moreover, he is. convinced that ship."

The Improvement Era for May, 1931 431

tures. With ringing voice and A Modern Thomas flashing eye, he electrified his next

[Continued from page 412] congregation with a soulstirring sermon....

the bond one life seemed to hang "Who was the man in white?"There ensued a tempestuous

a as norasked, she from waking sink with other theon life—to bomand wave winter wind with inBarry's sleep. Answering breath mal Gloria'sits sinking and spring headland. the The barding

stare, she on. went "The credulous tide as faintly a ever morecame shoreline. Hoisting a showed new his were on hands in white, sea. man to quietlyslips Barry, his shoulder, on to Gloria

When Barry rose a break came my head when you prayed. He his next visit, returned to the cliff

in the woman's trancelike state looked just like you, Barry."as one visits an old, halfforgotten

and she turned to him in wild He could not reply. He could love.

her, save canurgency. "Only God girl close while the little hold only

cliff and the down had gone But Barto her, administer mustyou tears unheeded, streamed, the down inland, far escarpment, a newry."his cheeks. eyes. astonished his greeted He aghast. at her looked Was He

the child's last chance to be thrust considered the [handiwork of God "Miracles head. uncovered with approach not could him whoon had said. Conversion he day,"every He happen opened clean hands? He withGod last at as well heart evidence. and come with missing last his at found, "I'll speak. go for to Hpsdry

as is enlarged,"he his concentrated mind work, on stewardship "My Wright."Elder

to God."account said, scrip- "I applied himself Barry to the must

She grew stern in her extremity.;

"If you leave Gloria will die. I'll

fetch the oil."

American Smelting & Refining Company

LIN the moment's interim SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH he bolted into the front room and PURCHASERS OF

Products fell on his knees—his soul one Cold, Silver, Lead and Copper Ore and Smelter

wild plea to heaven for intervenOre Purchasing Department, Seventh Floor McCornick Buildingtion. "Oh, God—if there be

manifest, saveGod—make Thyself a Mining and Geological Departments, Sixth Floor McCornick Building Consign all ore shipments to:

Gloria and my whole life shall American Smelting and Refining Company be dedicated to Thy service."Then Ship Lead Ores to Murray Plant, Murray, Utah

doubtful still of the efficacy of his Ship Copper and Siliceous Ores to Garfield Plant, Garfield, Utah appeal, he began to call on his Address correspondence as follows:

father. Surely, here, in the spirit Regarding Shipments and Hand Samples to 700 McCornick Building

world was an advocate who would HI -II''—II II*

hear and forgive an erring son. [)tafr(lM>01B04(i< B-C-M-OOflB-O -() *<>o-nQ4

Trembling with the horror of it all, Barry whipped himself back into the bedroom, so unnerved, SOUTHERN PACIFIC LINES Offer

Sister Heath steadied his hand when he attempted to anoint the child's head. Yet the moment hecommenced to pray the palsy of Iri VAGATION FARES

fear left him. He was aware of From Salt Lake City or Ogden

influence, rich, a supernal perme- a Aj|I VIA SAN AND RETURN BOTH WAYS TO LOS ANGELES the ating There was room. - UflflU a FRANCISCO—TW

tangible presence at his side emanVIA SAN FRANCISCO ftiT Tfj LOS ANGELES peace, the TO ating prompting him in. dH>#i3U DIRECT ROUTE REVERSED OR—-RETURNING himhe uttered.words He heard

self in syllables apart from his Proportionately low fares from all other points in UTAH, IDAHO and MONTANA own volition, promise Gloria that STOPOVERS ALLOWED AT ALL POINTS she should live, that she should fj i TICKETS ON SALE DAILY COMMENCING MAY "1 5 th be restored every whit. FINAL RETURN LIMIT OCTOBER 3 1st

Resurgent health tinted the:l:c: For further information fill in Coupon below child's cheeks and her breathing

strengthened as a tide comes in on a freshening breeze. Opening eyes. D.41 SouthR. OWEN,Main GeneralStreet, SaltAgent,LakeSouthernCity, Utah.Pacific,

as glory, she vistas of bright from a Please send me information and literature on a trip to.....-..'...,...-'', |; in before sinking smiled back

Name slumber. healingprofound and '-.."''"||;-.;'...'...'.-."...-'............. Address the bedside hold- v Barry sat by

ing the small hand that had so j City ml.:.v i..-..-

nearly slipped away from him.

432 The Improvement Era for May, 1931

Wholesome Foods for Health The Lowly Carrot, the Onion MILK and the Tomato effectively [Continued from page 413]

of 2 lemons it, beJuice largely against PASTEURIZED prejudiced 1 of Juice medium sized orange illy prepared cause it is so often salt of is Pinch it table. until for the Cooked LeafHarris i Clover Milk is for carrots boiling about in water Cook in flavorless served and limp and; fresh sweet mi-k effectively raisins, 3 or 4 5 minutes, cook add and

pasteurized uneven chunkj in a sea of anaemic minutes longer. Mix sugar and cornIn Salt Lake City ONLY white sauce, the appearance and starch together, and add lemon and orClover LeafHarris Milk taste are enough to discourage anyange juice, and stir into the mixture of

bottles in creamtop comes protective sealed with Kleenone. removeraisins andfrom carrots.fire, add salt,Cooktheuntilgratedthick;rind

Kaps. ONLY Clover LeafCarrots make a delicious dish if of 1 orange and 1 lemon. Bake beHarris Milk comes from the cut in very thin even strips tween two crusts.

dairy the highest with rating cooked quickly in a small amount City Board of Health! by the

of water and served with a sauce Raw Carrots

Phone madechives—orof meltedmeltedbutter andbutterchoppedand ARROTS are even more desirable raw than cooked. Cut in Wasatch 2177 chopped parsley. V

Carrots cut crosswise in small long thin strips and thoroughly

Clover LeafHarris hotroundswithcookeda fewquicklytablespoonsand servedof andchilledgratedtheytheymakeare ana niceadditionrelish,to thick are delicious. cream any food salad. raw MILK Carrots, cooked, mashed, well vegetable platter made up of A 723 South State

seasoned with butter and mouldlong thin strips of carrots, celery, ed, are an attractive addition to turnips cut thin and crosswise, any dinner table. radishes and small green onions,

Carrots, small cooked new, and onehalfPUTTING NEW ZEST with of inch stem and isto beautifultaste. to look at and good

IN LIVING placed in a ring around a roast

Modern diet hangs too many anchors on health. of meat make an attractive garnish Carrof and Apple Salad

You is lacking. can feel the drag. You live, but the thrill as well as an added vegetable. 1 cup grated raw carrots

cut cubes, Carrots into even health, radiantVibrant energy depend upon internal behavior. maintains nothing And chilled this cooked, then marinated and Mix1 cupwithchoppedV2 cupapp'esmayonnaise, or boiled soinner cleanliness perfectly as diet. proper

salad dressing a short time in dressFrench to start afresh, to health, work backTo use for leaf lettuce Serve with a sprinkling on ItLactoDextrin. cleanliness maintains inner ing, (because make of their golden putrefactiveby driving out the germs. nuts of chopped on top.

LactoDextrin and other Battle Creek Sanicolor and sweet taste) a welcome tarium Health Foods can be obtained at the addition to a fruit salad. They Carrot and Pineapple Salad

also blend especially well with 1 package lemon jello asparagus in salad. 1 grated carrots cup raw Z. L C I sliced cup pineapple M DIET FREE ADVICE Carrot Pudding boiling cups water 1%

Battle staff CreekAt dietimaintain of we a juice pineapple cup % tians to advise on you diet any problem. Check 2 cups grated carrots raw

1 juice tab espoonyour particular diet problem on the coupon 1 seedless raisins cup below to Ida mail and salt chief Kain, Jean our of Pinch 2 cups bread crumbsdietitian. will She send suggestions you for

gelatin boiling in Dissolve water. Add diet, individualyour 1 without charge. Naturcup milk

ally, salt, no diagnosis juice. of will pineapple disease lemon any and be When eggs 2attempted. Consult your physician for that. it stir to in carrots cool begins and 2 tablespoons sugar Living,""Healthful a helpful most writbook

in pineapple. stand Place and moulds ten leading by a nutrition will salt expert Pinch of also be

free.sent offer in This to ice box to chill. Serve on lettuce with you fide is bona of Dash nutmeg obligation. withoutand assistThe advice be may dressing. mayonnaise

followed with utmost confidence bread Soak whether the crumbs you in milk—add in thisuse the foods or not. System eggs, beaten and then stir in the carrots,

raisins, sugar and seasoning. Turn the Raw Vegetable Salad MAIL into a mixture wellbuttered COUPON dish, baking TODAY

1 carrots grated cup Z.C.M.I.-l Jean Kain place in of a pan water hot bake and 1 cabbage cup chopped CO., BATTLE FOOD CREEK IdaTHE in a moderate oven to from 30 40 min- 1 celery cup chopped Battle Creek, Mich.

I Diet utes. avail to of myself Free your want turnips cup chopped V2

is diet Service. checked below. problem My 1 parsley tablespoon chopped Living.""Healthful of Also copy send Raisin Pie Carrot and 1 salad dressing cup QConstipation DOverweight Underweight

Sour Stomach (Check your diet problem) 2 cups of seedless raisins Mix together and put into individual

Name 1 cup of grated raw carrots moulds which have been rubbed with

Address - 4 tablespoons cornstarch salad oil. Stand in ice box until thorCity State.. 1 V2 cups boiling water oughly chilled. Turn out on lettuce

1 cup sugar leaf and garnish with strip of pimento.

The Improvement Era for May, 1931 433

Carrot Mayonnaise in that's READY grated Stir 1 cup raw carrots into 1 A DESSERT cup of mayonnaise dressing and servton lettuce and tomato salad—or asparaabout HALF fAe USUAL TIME!

gus and hardboiled egg salad.

Royal Quick Setting Gelatin Desserts set

Onions in an hour or less. When you start to

HTHE onion is one of the oldest prepare dinner just mix a package of known foods. A native of Royal and put it in the refrigerator. At

Egypt, it was in early times an object of worship. In Europe it is dessert you have a clear,

now used extensively both as a sparkling mould of tendervegetable and as a seasoning but ROYAL aglow QuickSd

GELATIN DESSERTin most American families it is jelly—quivering—

used only as a seasoning. Rightly with color. Serve Royal

prepared it really is a delicious for dinner tonight. Six devegetable. It is rich in Vitamines

A, B and C, has "splendid blood licious flavors to c h o o s e purifying qualities"and is said to from.

promote sleep and quiet the nerves.

Onions may be boiled, baked,fried or roasted. Being strong Quick Setting juiced it is found that some peoROYAL

ple can more easily digest them ifthey are boiled in "water to cover"GELATINAT YOUR GROCER'SDESSERT in an uncovered sauce flapan—the

vor, too, is milder—but for those

like real the flavor onionwho the Savebetter is to or roast bake way them boilor in a small of them amount Your inwater a covered sauce pan.

peeling slicing or onions When hold water, under them they Money and will not affect the eyes. Why waste $60.00 on

After peeling'onions rub the Certificate when Joseph hands with celery to remove odor. Wm.nish a TaylorcompletecanfuneralfurEating parsley is said to help for a little more than

correct an onion breath. a Certificate costs.

Service, quality and Baked Onions prices not equaled by anyone, Mortician Slice into 6 mediumsized onions bakEmbalmer Taylor Theand ExpertLeading Joseph Wm. ing dish. butter, residence Was. 7600 office and of both Add 2 tablespoons Phone Street = 125 North Main

3 tablespoons of water or soup stock L and the juice of one lemon. Cover tightly and bake in a hot oven about 50 minutes.

Onions With Cheese Sauce

large onions 4 What of Your Vocation?

2 cups white sauce V>i cup of grated cheese Seasoning Slice onions and boil fast for 20 minUnemployment is less likely in the higher utes. Add cheese to heated white sauce

and stir until well blended. Drain onions skills and professions.

and put them in a baking dish, cover with sauce, the sprinkle with bread crumbs and Make your future sure by equipping yourbake minutes. in oven 20

self with a college education at your Church Stuffed Onions

University. 6 medium sized onions

1 cup mashed potatoes % cup sausage 1 tablespoon chopped parsley YOU CAN GET THE COURSES YOU WANT AT 2 tablespoons chopped onion 1 egg BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

Parboil onions, drain and remove center. Mix the potato, the sausage and THE FRIENDLY SCHOOL

parsley together and stir in the wellbeat- PROVO, UTAH onion the part the center of egg. en Chop

to the add and removed which was ture—then stuff cavities of onions. PlacemixWrite for Catalog

434 The Improvement Era for May, 1931

in baking dish, add 1 cup boiling water, ripe, and cut into slices about 1/3 of an cover and bake in hot oven about 35 inch thick. Fry thin slices of bacon until

minutes. crisp and place on paper to drain. Dip

sliced tomatoes in a mixture of bread For Salad Fried Onion Rings crumbs and flour, and fry dark brown on both sides. Have ready thin pieces

Select large, firm onions. Cut crossof toast, place slice of tomato and strip Dressings wise and soak in cold water 1 minutes. of bacon on each piece of toast and stand

Drain and carefully dry—dip in egg and in oven while you make a sauce. To the

You can make your spring mixture of cracker crumbs and flour, and juice and fat left in pan where tomatoes salads more attractive and fry quickly in deep fat. andwere 1 fried,tablespoonadd of1 tablespoonflour, blend oftogether,butter

more palatable by preparing Scalloped Onions then add enough milk to make a thin your salad dressings with round the pieces of toast, onions sauce—pourand serve. Milk. Sego Write for your mediumsized

sauce white cups free copy of the Sego Recipe cup bread crumbs Baked Stuffed Tomatoes

Book. Sego Milk Products Co., tablespoon chopped green pepper

Salt Lake City. eggs Select large firm tomatoes. Slice off

Seasoning top and remove seeds and most of inner

Slice onions and boil about 20 minpart. Make a stuffing of stale bread

cooked chopped and stir the crumbs, into yolks utes. and Beat egg ham—season SEGO MELODY LANE

salt, pepper with and sauce, and crumbs bread heated add white butter—moisten Violin, harp a and of the tomato part of center with fire, the add orparsley. onfrom Remove gan music, Fill tomatoes Saturday the removed. which was in the wellfold drained) and ions (well

evenings—KSLat 9:15. beatenbutteredeggbakingwhites.dishPutandmixturebake forin aboutwellshallowwith thisbakingmixturepan.and Addplacea themvery littlein a

25 minutes. water and bake in moderate oven 25 minutes.

Tomatoes Corn in Tomato Cups '"THE tomato is the most versatile fromTakethe 6 topfirmof ripeeach,tomatoes,and removecut a seeds.slice

be vegetables. the r- of It may 1 cup of "A"corn—or

of at all fresh corn from in forms and eaten many gradecob—canned1 tablespoon

luncheon and cream and 2 well beaten eggs. Mix corn, meals—breakfast,

dinner. It is a health giving food creaming. Filland eggsthe tomatoestogether andwithaddthisseasonmix- for young and old alike—-the juice ture, and place them in shallow baking

being served to small babies to pan. Add small amount of water and

supplement milk, and to old peobake about 25 minutes in moderate oven.

ple in cocktail form to supply enScrambled Eggs With Tomatoes ergy.

Originally the tomato was concupBeatof sixcookedeggs, tomatoes.add salt, pepperPut 2 andtableY2

sidered "pretty but poisonous,"spoons of butter into an omelet pan and was cultivated for onamental heat, then add mixture of eggs and topurposes only. Today it is the matoes, stir until lightly set and serve

toast. Cleaning & Ztyeing Ca most widely used canned vegetable on hot buttered

ranks next to Tomatoes, Onions and Corn in the world—and

the potato as a fresh garden article Every which 3 cups corn is by soup leaves product. Tomato

cups tomatoes of 3 shop our is not only cleaned soup the favorite great odds 1 bread crumbs cup sliced thin onions 4 refreshed and but also guarAmerica.

1 tablespoon butter of the most is one The tomato Seasoning. anteed objectionfree from of Vitamine sources important C Parboil onions 15 minutes. Arrange

able this layers, in the tomato vegetables as odor of all cleaning main bread with crumbs found—and in butter in and dots of between. Bake to heat"——is "resistant vitamine terials.

moderate minutes. oven 30 is canned vegetable this so that

quite as valuable in this respect as

Mail orders handled carefully when fresh. This is the main reaand promptly son why quantities of canned tomatoes are used by people living

in remote places—by men at sea,

Salt and by all travelers. In his ''War

Lake's Experiences"General Pershing tells

Master of sending in one day from an

Cleaners American depot in France to his and men at the front, 4,596 tons of

Dyers supplies, which included among other foods 1,250,000 (one milCall Hy. 65 lion two hundred fifty thousand)

cans of tomatoes.

AAA East Second South St.

Fried Tomatoes With Bacon ':"

-—Select smooth firm tomatoes, not tooi

The Improvement Era for May, 1931 435

Expatriation

[Continued from page 408]

of you both make would intenhis written and expressedofferedflirtation—itanother argument in favor of the casually remarked that Dick had

reinto something snapmorose lovers soon. on them tion of calling I assured attitude. a loverlikesembling

her that you would tell me if serious "Now that's what your friend jealousy should result and I could straightDick would call a significant en out the matter by an explanation of omen,"was Jessie's comment. "We

motives.her

"Straighten out the matter! I'm beginspeak of a little son and heir and

ning to fear that I am a consummate fool she immediately shakes off her and the more I mix in it the more inlistlessness and tells us that Dick volved it will become. However, I can is soon going to call."

hardly see how even an imbecile could make it worse."

'WHEN the officer filetters folnally did come he was surprised O'THER in the appearance. at Nell's Never Speechless Nell as the flew by. weekslowed

Isthe discouraging days on most her a promise extracted fromhad interest so little she taken had.MmAtewWotds let her lands they thatparents would

ocher. things the about in On were things exactly howknow WouldHaveMadeMe peevish, actually casions she was of the at home. Somemoving Audience*! largest I the before. Face in her seen a never quality Can Now ifBut raised resultant communications Fright! Stage of ATrace Without were away Mrs. Dean and Mr. Certainly heavenward.her hopes Hi Association of our banquet annual HE fl Jessie the accepted home, and from present industry the biggest the in men could have never astutethe judge Chairman the without warning—and stay invitation insistent with to

called to went mind on my to me casual be his phrasesintended speak—and

! blank rose, I return. their bowed and half awkwardly until friend Nate her expectations. arousing inso potent you'll to excuse afraid have mumbled, "I'm city, the absent again from was chair. in today,"back dropped and my that intended could he haveNeither have words a would few meSpeechless—when persuaded often be Nell could not

! little I could If simple have a made made me bit be of other would newssome

conditions so, trade of opinion without to any out my go and depressing.so interesting: I witty, speech—givingin concise, a way, know

it naturally about designing, came life! for been have would made the expatriation long on The discovered like I then week a IAnd Jessie frequentwere that Dick and I stage to was overcome how mylater between alternatingIslands and magicfright—and

natural I actually had learn a to that ly together. amazed beat despair werehope home and of a aid the gift speaking. for public With

I'll guilty plead Mother, "Well, rapidly I study splendid method home new girl's tell conthe to onginning ridiculously until, in a gift this developed perfect of a mess to having made audiences I giant to face able time, short sleep was insufficientstitution. With

reis it fright. This of ever If trace stage a matter. the whole—without appetite, she variable grew aand selfcon- a training has markable made me or providence out straightened you overnight. fident aggressive talker—almost pale.thin and * * * * it."do must becoming is trick, about mystery no There no return did she finally When brilarid convincing speaker a powerful the Redfield was Judge speaker—a seriously parents too, were her liant, conversationalist. You, easy, fluenthome gave rueful his countenance and selfcon- fright, timidity, stage conquer can condition. her Their overdisturbed advancebashfulness, winning sciousness and of sincerity his the evidence of social;in standing, popularity, salary, ment Jessie sharedapprehension was by new amazing success. through an Now, and his daughwife words. and and He Redfield to shape quickly the can training home came study you homewho in his dejectedly sitting ter influential were outstanding into yourself an after friend's her the morningon five or to one able speaker dominate man study. thousand. expressed contoo, She, arrival.

case: the booklet. us review "Let This for Amazing First, Sendcern. FREEis described of training This method new Nell the belief that Lilly would in interesting booklet, very in a to Work Howfully

never marry, I was largely instruWonderseveryone mailingWith Words,the couponnowbelow.being Insentit youto

will enen- are told about bringing easy method an mental in this new how nothing was 1 HERE selfcon- fright, stage to able conquer you Jessie. Nate between gagement and fear. timidity, bashfulness sciousness, and Nell insisted. about,to be alarmed

It was merely an unfavorable reThen in an effort to correct that Thousandsunstinting havein theirsent praisefor thisofbookletit. Youand areare

cute part a I try told to play can you howaction absence and blunder, of her long out bring and as I misfit of a much and am as over. Pricepass deSentiynw f* yelop soonwould yur

txtjr b s "hidden* battlebe trying Jessie,"to run a come, would you've glad "I'm natgift within are 1knack"—theural a thatthe ship. the thought remarked. judge I'm With "We

ob-y''you. can You selfwilled this persuade totrying Jessie really bright, I persuade to tain copyfea your

girl that she's been cooped up too do some flirting with Dick, and absolutelysending thefreecouby much in New York. We want she certainly did it, even overdid pon.

air fresh in the to get andher out Institute it. far result, as as I American North The total

Chicago, III. Ave., Dept, 4185, us."Michigan 3601sunshine, she won't but mind is jealous Jessie estimate, is that can

4185, a I that Institute, Dept. agree you with "Well, American are North Dick Illinois. Nate of Nell, and and Chicago, Michigan 3601little heir thing the son and obligation without and Send FREEAve., me other. each jealous of unmistakably to booklet, inspiring How of your copy jolly my old to back bringneeded ismy infull and Words, With Wonders Work part and attempt on Another mypal, she in Efwon't probably mind Course but your regarding formation

fective Speaking. will be not on the girls probably either."me -. Name—will the terms* and men = joined goodnaturedly in speaking Nell - Address

the laugh against her and then be fighting a duel."City State—

436 The Improvement Era for May, 1931 ii at least would relapse and for a things contime pursue their the paths which tributed to oTHERthe situation described hearts prompted to take. them

Distinctive by the judge. Among these was "Dick has asked me to go for

Nate's letter from Egypt, and another boatride tonight. Will

which had so completely upset you go with us?"Nell asked her

Nell. Jessie had seen it and recogfriend by phone.

nized the handwriting as the mis- "I think you would prefer to sive lay on the table waiting to have me stay at home."TYPE be opened. Evidently she had not "On the contrary, I would

forgotten its disquieting effect upmuch rather have you go, and Dick on her friend, and recently, as also will be pleased. Indeed, if FACES Nell learned from Nate, had spokthis headache does not leave me

en to about him its contents. She I shall ask to be excused from Correct in Style for felt she had a right to know all. at the going to prepared Come

tone in which her lover was writstay all night."

ing to his former sweetheart and

Society planation.was piquedSubsequentlyby his embarrassedshe spoke,exTiHE result was that

and somewhat coldly, to Nell on Jessie and Dick took the boatand the subject. ride alone. Nell heard them talk-

'Yes, Nate wrote me telling of ing for a long time on the front your engagement,"Nell replied. porch before Jessie came upstairs.

"He said he thought it better for The visitor tapped on her friend's Commercial us never to meet again. Will you door.

read the letter?"There was a "Nell, we can't allow this matwhich said very distinctly, "I hope an understanding. Your happiness Printing quality of tone in the invitation ter to go on any longer without

you will not."has been ruined and mine is threatJessie seemed doubtful and the ened. Let's chart our course, as

other did not press the matter, reDick is in the habit of saying."

membering the sentence, "Good- "What do you mean, Jessie?"

See our specimens of b y e my neverto-beforgotten "I'm not sure that I know myModern Wedding sweetheart."self. But of one thing I am sure,

an earnest effort Nell made to a I can never be happy miswith Invitations remove the coolness folwhich understanding us. between And

lowed. She loved Jessie sincerely you know in your heart there has

and was dismayed by the thought been a little feeling, and a natural of an estrangement. one. Here are four people of marThe affair would have worked riageable age, two fellows and two

The Deseret intermittentitself out veryworkingeasily exceptof conscience,for the girls.sailing. OughtBut isto it?be clearYou enoughknow

and as there were two of them inwhether it is or not. You and I

volved, each active, almost daily love each other intensely. Nate News Press one or the other became troubleand Dick would naturally do the

some. same but for the tangle we're in.

29 Richards Street Sometimes I think you love the

Salt Lake City NiELL, in selfsacri- twoI thinkmenI equallydo. Sometimeswell, sometimesI think

1 ficing mood, would go repentantly each man loves you equally well, J to Dick and show him favors sometimes I think they both love BE INDEPENDENT which would fill him with outme. Iff two ships were sailing

No Other Vocation So Profitable! ward delight. On these occasions side by side the captains would

ENROLL NOW Jessie would be thopughly conhave an understanding, so that

For a Complete Course at the vinced that her friendhad forgotthere would be no collision. That's

ten Nate and was deeply in love what we must do."

Quish School of Beauty Culture with her South Sea acquaintance.

The Best in the West Consciencesmitten she would de304-9 herself Ezra to Bldg. vote Thompson stoically Nate who N<OTWITHSTANDSALT LAKE CITY, UTAH received these evidences of regard.. ING Jessie's earnestness, Nell was

For Further Information Such conduct naturally inspired obliged to smile at her frequent and Catalog Call the to young repentance men nautical of and use comparisons. Wasatch 7560 or for a time they would "In be most direction which do you preFill in This

*<., Coupon assiduousthose havingin claimstheir attentionsupon them.to fer "I'mto sail,engagedJessie?"to Nate, but for

Then, overcome by the exhaustion months I have been unable to set which sometimes follows the perthe wedding day, and the longer formance of duty, Nate #nd Nell it goes the more uncertain I am.

The Improvement Era for May, 1931 437

But I'd go through with it rather I've tried as hard ias any woman girls couldthan (disappoint Nate. On every ever did, but I can't help loving TiHE excited

other subject in the world I feel Nate and can never think of marnot wait until morning to submit he is perfectly frank with me, but rying Dick."the results of their conference to

in this matter something seems to "You darling!"Jessie (almost Judge and Mrs. Redfield. These

be suppressed. Now you take screamed. "I've been hoping and worthy people were aroused from

your choice of these men, and I'll praying you'd say that. I've known their slumber.

win the other or die in the atfor months I couldn't honestly "I've had enough distress out dethis thing, of I'm and now girl out stopped,tempt."The Dick could marry Nate but

little a to termined amusehave breath.of will."asked he me, he and

declared. the judge ment,""While are—ifmarry "Jessie, you mean do you to love been he making "Has

is these tactfully Jessie making one uncertain? which Tellthat me shocked. asked, Nell you?"

you'd rather have."young men acquainted with her

not, goodycourse you "Of I'll enough of have plans change than older you're a week "No, case his diagnose I can goody, but all trouble."fun to pay me for my the Father and I heard and I am,

scarlet a case easily of as can as Dad better Father, had you "Now, priabout talking dayjudge one mogeniture. jYou don't underfever, and Dick more than likely keep out of it,"his wife expostuin he's love with know lated. you "You iknow how it doesn't course, that of butstand word

is. been doing me, You've he but before."things mixed up have older that being youmeans

his for around too moping much scratched judge his head The want."what you

"Why, I've never seen you so lively nature."ruefully. "Perhaps I had better

excited before."Then Jessie became sober. not be too aggressive,"he admitted.

"Well, you should be excited, "Don't think, Nell, that Dick has A few days later, however, too, when we're drawing lots for been insincere with you. He has when the three ladies were togeth-

a husband. Which one will you been desperately in love, but for a er, he paid: "Usually eavesdroptake?"long time he has felt sure you ping is inexcusable, but I have

"And you'll be perfectly happy would never marry him and nothsomething to say to Nate and Dick, about it which ever way I choose?"ing but his fighting spirit has kept and I want you all to listen and

"I'll promise to be."him on. He is very sure you still break out and correct if I blunder

too much."Nell took her friend in her arms. love Nate, and—well, I'm a blond,

She was on the verge of hysterics. and he did admit once that there's He got Nate on the phone and

call. When he did "I don't know whether you will a lot—too (blooming much—in asked him to

feel this way when you get over this propinquity business that so, three eager listeners were beyour excitement, but I hope so. Judge Redfield talks about."hind the screen.

Already Superior—

Now Better Still!

Mountaineer Overalls EQUIPPED WITH StopLoss Pockets wear greater satisfaction longer—give

The same famous "Mountaineer"quality of materials, design and workmanship—with these famous new pockets, which

really protect your tools and valuables, etc., included at no

extra cost to you.

Ask for them at your Dealer's!

Mountaineer Overalls and Work Suits (Equipped with StopLoss Pockets)

They tosr no more* Z. C. M.AreI. ManufacturedCLOTHING FACTORYby

Salt Lake City 438 The Improvement Era for May9 1931

The young fellow made no pre- "Yes, I am sure it will be favortence, to this man who understood able/'him so well, of being enthusiasticDick slumped down into his A Modern ally in love with Jessie. He adchair. "How perfectly splendid!"

mired her greatly, and regardless he said limply in a tone which of his own feelings was prepared nearly upset his old friend who ROOF to marry her whenever she was hid his face in a handkerchief in ready to set the day. She would, a violent and protracted fit of

he knew, make him a loyal and coughing.

devoted wife and one of whom All modern homes and buildings of he could be very proud. Nell had

any description should have a modthreatened to go back to the Isthe judge A.SSURINGsee Nell at the ern roof. This means Weatherlands if he did not go forward that he would

proof, Leakproof, Fireresisting with the matter. earliest possible moment, Dick left

and Troubleproof, requiring no One of the eavesdroppers looked the house. He seemed anxious to

painting or repairing. Beautiful at the other reproachfully. be alone, and Mr. Redfield made

with artistic color. Any Home "Don't you think it would be no effort to detain him. As the

Owner or Home Builder can have better to marry in the near fufront door closed behind him, the such a modern roof by using Old ture?"the judge asked. "It would three listeners heard a whoop

American Asphalt Shingles. Made settle this uncertainty and all which brought them excitedly

and sold in Salt Lake City by would be happier. Lilly Nell can from their hidingplace. The

not stand the strain much longer."judge was convulsed with laughter.

"How perfectly splendid! How

perfectly splendid!"b.e exclaimed

1 HERE was a painful between bursts of merriment. SubAmerican Asphalt but eloquent silence. Then the sequently the four held a star

young man replied, "I would die chamber session and a dinner party

Roof Corp. for Lilly Nell. I'd even marry if was planned.

it would bring her peace of mind. Before an hourJiad passed Nell

Salt Lake City, Utah Father and Mother are most insucceeded in getting Dick by

Was. 2663 1674 Beck St. sistent that we name the day and phone, and invited him to dinner

our end courting."the day. following on "What Utah Makes Makes Utah"fellow in his earnThe young "I have waiting a long kept you

estness apparently did not notice time, you dear, patient fellow,"the smile which this remark she purred happily over the wire, brought to the face of the judge, "but am now ready to give you and continued, "But Jessie has not my answer, and perhaps tomorrow seemed to decide ready a date."on evening set the marriage we may Make Your "I have talking been with that her day. Does you make

and No, don't come over as I am? am sure she will be ready very pyHome Bright with as hapshortly."tonight. the uncertainty With

disconsolate Nate The was excited to too see any- I am Modern Color for, missed sent and Dick soon and even you."disbody—notended, appeared. listeners again took The say, perfectly he "Did 'How

their places. BENNETT'S "How are you coming on with withsplendid'?"another askedshout ofMr.laughter.Redfield

your suit?"the older man asked

abruptly. This was a busy day

and he had little time to waste in ache had FTER A Hj'xUTpreliminaries. cepted the invitation, Jessie dinner

Insurance "I'm not able to say exactly. I had a,similar interview with Nate.

could not expect better treatment She reported the tenor of it to than Nell gives me, but that's as Nell. "I told him Mr. and Mrs.

Gloss Interior far "Haveas she youseemsaskedreadyher torecently?"go."Redfieldents and hadhis injoinedurgingwithme myto settleparFinish "Well, no,"hesitantly, "not down to a sane life and decide

IN SIXTEEN BEAUTIFUL, MODERN since her return, but she knows upon something definite. You

COLORS how anxious I am to have her also insist that the delay is unThe successful new paint for all interior consent."necessary and harmful, so I had

surfaces. Solidcovering. Dries overnight. "I have been advising her to do promised seriously to consider a

Manufactured and sold by one thing or the other, and am wedding date if he was willing to

BENNETT GLASS & PAINT sure her mind is made up. She leave it to me. There was a tense

COMPANY will give you an answer the first and painful pause at the other end 6165 West First South, Salt Lake City time you ask her."of the line. Then he asked if you

Dealers throughout Utah, Southern Idaho "Will it be favorable, may I really urged it. I told him you did

and Neighboring States. ask?"The young fellow's eagersincerely and that you were hap J

ness certainly indicated the ardent pier than I had seen you since the lover. old days before you went away.

The Improvement Era for May, 1931 439

I couldn't help feeling sorry for chance to exchange a word. Nell Why, he has hardly eaten a morsel,

him, but he deserves to be puncould not hear what was said but and his impatience to know when ished, so I told him I was sure from the men's looks was sure it he is to be anchored for life is you;had an announcement of your was something like this: only equaled by that of Nate.

own to make. He gulped so hard "Of course I'm in great luck When is the wedding to be?"

at this statement that I could hear to win such a prize as Nell and "Well, Jessie and I have talked something drop and said I should I'm mightily tickled, but I don't'it over without deciding on a defifix any date for our wedding that see anything so uproariously funny nite date, but if Dick and Nate are suits me."about it, do (you?"This from willing we want a double wedThere was something incongruDick. ding."

ous about the dinner next day. "I'll be hanged if I do."From "Good heavens, Nell! Don't do

Evidently the host and hostess were his fellow martyr. that!"exclaimed Nate aghast as

delighted with the prospect of a he arose from the table. "I can't

double wedding, and the girls, too, stand it."

apparently were overjoyed, while A-lT the conclusion of "Then we'll be married all the prospective bridegrooms, in the meal Judge Redfield, who had alone, my sweetheart,"said Nell spite of determined efforts, looked done almost as much fidgeting as as she threw herself into his arms.

like men who were to be hanged Nate and Dick, said: The delighted judge was ruband were attempting to be enthusi- "Now let us have the good bing his hands gleefully. "Go on,

astic about it. news. You can easily see, Nell, Jessie, it's not fair to leave all the

Only once did they have a how tremendously eager Dick is. proposing to Nell. Tell Dick that

A Better Gasoline piuA Ethyl The basic gasoline with which Ethyl fluid is compounded to make Parco

Ethyl Gasoline is a BETTER gasoline in every way—cleaner, quicker starting,

more powerful speedier and longer distanced.

AT INDEPENDENT GAS & OIL COMPANY'S STATIONS AND DEALERS

440 The Improvement Era for May, 1931

\%&><r>*jO*i<*&&i'-&>&>&r>t'0<*><-&ri< if he's to be married right away one against him and he must surit must be to you."render."SOMETHING TO

THINK ABOUT! Nell"Yes,extricatingJessie,"herself,added thebut rosynot torted"Perhapsthe beamingI will Jessie,tell him,""but rehe

WHEN IMPROVING OR entirely, from the close embrace of is so shy I would rather do it on

BUILDING her astonished lover, "this is leap the veranda than here."

REMEMBER year and you can tell your fighting Athey, Cloth Lined,

Interlocking, Metal Weather admiral that the odds are five to (THE End)

Strips and Insulation for Home Comfort and Fuel Economy, Write for Free Particulars Tke Heart of Mormonism

R. E. Brewer Co., Inc. Reviewed by

Building Specialties 135 So. Main, Salt Lake City, Utah DR. JOSEPH F. MERRILL

-irtit5tJt>t>e>t>t5tti<.

TN the "Heart of Mormonism/'vice, six chapters; Concluding

* by John Henry Evans, we have Thoughts, in which there is a Index to Advertisers a unique volume, different in purcrystalization of things and a look pose and material from anything ahead, three chapters. This makes

Page Company in our literature. one hundred chapters in all, but Asphalt Roofing American Corp. 43 8 It is built up on the theory that every one of them short—all toAmerican Smelting K Refining "Mormonism,"having survived a gether five hundred and fortyfive

Co. 43 1 long period of bitter persecution pages.

American Telegraph College 428 and lasted a full century, must Large space is given to persons

Armstrong - Engberg Wall have in its core some universal who have made contributions

Paper Co. 426 elements of truth. These the spiritually to the faith. There are

Battle Creek Food Co. (Z.C. author endeavored to search out three chapters devoted to Brigham

M.I.) 4 3 2 and describe in language that is Young, two to Wilford WoodLife Ins. Co. Beneficial exceedingly racy unconvenand Pratt, to ruff, one one to Orson

'Back Cover since these Ivins elements Rachel tional. But and Grant Mary

Bennett Glass 8 Paint Co 43 8 necessarily express themselves (in Fielding Smith, one to Jacob

Brigham Young University 433 persons and deeds, he has chosen Hamblin, one to George Q. CanClover LeafHarris Dairy 432 such individuals and incidents in non, one to George A. Smith and

Consolidated Building & Loan the history of the Church as bring Erastus Snow, and parts of chapCo. 429 out the spirit of the religion. ters to such characters as Orson

Deseret News Press 43 6 Thus, as the author states in Spencer, Daniel Spencer, and

First Security Corporation - his preface, a good deal of matter George Careless. The spirit of

Inside Back Cover usually included in books of this Joseph Smith runs through the

Golden West Book Service....427 sort is not to be found here at all, entire book like the warp or the

Henager's Business College 378 and much that is new is included. woof in a piece of cloth. The docIndependent Gas 8 Oil Co..43 Little space is therefore accorded trines of "Mormonism"are plowed

Ketterer & Perschon Co 428 to the unpleasant relations between into the narrative generally, instead

LeCrist School of Dancing 426 "Mormons"and non-"Mormons"of treated by themselves.

McCune School of Music 8 Art either in the East or in the West.

428 is placed great emphasis on.history But the pURTHERMORE, Institute American 435 North

interest side the the of "Morteachings of and human Church

Inc. Tavern 430 Old Mill

are treated monism."in the light of modern

Culture of Beauty School Quish life is, thought. they and That 3 6 4

better express can are discussed to findwith a view R. E. Brewer Company

this of 440 MOTHING the departure ing the work they answer out how Regal Cleaning & Dyeing Co. -434

Royal Setting Gelatin 433 from the conventional treatment thousand and one questions that

Salt Lake Cabinet & Fixture of such themes than the various arise in the minds of young men

Co. 4 3 general headings and the space and women today. This accounts Sego Milk Company 434 given to each—The First Vision, for the explanations of such ideas

Southern Pacific Company 431 eight chapters; the Book of Moras Priesthood, the ordinances, and

Speakers Library, The 430 mon, seven chapters; The Church, marriage, including polygamy.

Standard Chemical Products six chapters; A Spiritual Uprush, "The Heart of Mormonism"is

Co. 4 2 eleven chapters; Consecration, an ideal book to put into the hands

Taylor, Joseph Wm 433 eleven chapters; Culmination, eight of young people and the strangers

Utah Gas & Coke Company chapters; The Home, six chapters; to the faith. It was written as

Inside Front Cover Joseph Smith, the Prophet, seven a textbook for the seminaries, but

Utah High School of Beauty chapters; the Last Days of Nauits material was not thrown into

Culture 4 3 voo, three {chapters; Covered Wathe customary form of a textbook.

Utah Home Fire Ins. Co 426 gons, seven chapters; Nationbuild- Like all of Mr. Evans's writing,

Z. C. M. I. 437 ing in Miniature, thirteen chapit is to be read, not merely referred

ters; Conflict, three chapters; Serto.

Planting Time

It is always planting time in your financial Savings Acgarden—a

count in a reliable Savings Bank. If you work hard, spend less than

you earn and plant your savings regularly each pay day in the savings department of one of the First Security banks, you will be certain of gathering a harvest of dollars for Sunny Days of enjoyment.

These banks are located as follows:

SECURITY NATIONAL BANK FIRST NATIONAL BANK THATCHER BROS. BANKING CO.

Salt Lake Ogden Logan FIRST SECURITY TRUST CO. FIRST SAVINGS BANK ANDERSON BROS. BANK

Salt Lake Ogden Idaho Falls, Idaho

FIRST SECURITY BANKS AT:

Boise, Pocatello, Nampa, Emmett, Payette, Mountain Home, Gooding, Jerome, Rupert, Shoshone, Hailey,

Blackfoot, Preston, Ashton, Montpelier, Idaho; Garfield, Magna, Bingham, Hyrum, Richmond, Utah

Rock Springs and South Superior, Wyo. First Security Building & Loan Association of Pocatello is also

owned and operated by the First Security Corporation.

Largest Intermountain Banking Organization

RESOURCES FIFTY MILLION DOLLARS mttm W>* aicL.

NO JOBS FOR MEN OF 65

So easy to look back and see the mistakes,

Some that are drastic and bring on heartaches*

Don't wait for experience to teach the sad facts,

Life endowments will avoid any sidetracks.

SMALL savings fund invested in one of our endowment policies will protectA you and your loved ones from any such embarassment, all through life.

9/ie BIG HOME COMPANY

Issues all forms of up to the minute Life Insurance and in addition offers

dvu low oioru - (WrJtMaaJU

Full Details Without Obligation From Any Representative Of

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO'IBEN,

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH HEBER J. GRANT, President E. T. RALPHS, Gen. Mgr.

IF IT'S A BENEFICIAL POLICY IT'S THE BEST INSURANCE YOU CAN BUY