January1970 w In the Beginning"- special feature on the Creation

Seepage33 iSKipPr* KB i *L17

M

\, *5T

T\ XI & ifMiliJ k'f'i SA K4 w W(-v Pi ltt>'/( i? m > a IT rx

''M - ': I

: J/'BPM t

i

T- /J fi k\ z>i Returning veterans and missionaries:

fl H

FSilll SfiF BYU Spring Semester!

Spring is an active time on campus. The activities

<? ttttiititifi are spirited and many as the student body itself.

Become part of the campus life of a great university.

If you've been away, spring semester is the opportune '#& will be welcomedtime to reenter.as you Yourcontinueexperienceyour collegeand maturitycareer.

Apply for transfer or readmission to Brigham Young

University by January 19, 1970. Class registration

ml '/ for the spring semester begins February 2. 1970.

Meanwhile, students who plan initial enrollment next fall should take note of the timetable of events

BRIGHAM YOUNGto UNIVERSITYbe completed.

Dates to remember:

\ Feb. 2-3—Spring Semester Class Registration

Sag] & / Feb. 21—American College Test (register Jan. 19)

Mar. 1—Final date for scholarship applications

by incoming freshmen.

April 25—American College Test (register Feb. 2-Mar. 23)

April 30—Final date for new freshmen to apply for

Fall semester admission.

Y) May 31—Final date for admissionSummerapplicationSchool 1970.for

July 1—Final date for scholarship applications

x iW July 31—Final date for admission applicationsfor transferof students.transfer,

former and graduate students.

Sept. 17, 18, 19Class Registration

The Voice of the Church January 1970 Volume 73, Number 1

On the Cover: Special Features

It seems appropriate to begin a new year and 2 The Editor's Page: What Doth It Profit? President David 0. McKay

Creation. of the new decade on the subject Our

Happier 4 A Marriage: Part 1, Developing Together, J. Joel and Audra

is a portion painting cover commisof a new

Call Moss sioned by the Church, representing the creation of animals and fowls. It was painted by Stanley 18 Staff Members Advanced as Era Continues to Grow, Doyle L. Green

W. Galli, as were five other paintings reproduced 33 In the Beginning, Jay M. Todd

in this issue. These paintings are to be used in

the Visitors Center at Independence, Missouri; 56 A New Look at the Pearl of Great Price: Part 9, Setting the Stage:

copies will also be used throughout the Church. the World of Abraham (continued), Hugh Nibley

See "In the Beginning,"page 33.

This month we introduce a new department "Research & Review,"a feature that will appear Regular Features 8 Teaching: When You Teach My Child, E. LV Richardson

22 Research & Review: Religious Concerns of Our Youth, Albert L.

Payne 24 Today's Family: Recipe for the 70's, Mabel Jones Gabbott

26 LDS Scene 28 The Church Moves On Dr. Madsen Dr. Landau 30 Presiding Bishop's Page: The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth About

Drugs, Bishop John H. Vandenberg

50 Buffs and Rebuffs 52 These Times: New Politics, G. Homer Durham

66 End of an Era 21,25,32 The Spoken Word, Richard L Evans

Dr. Arrington 6780:ra Of Youth Marion D. Hanks and Elaine Cannon, Editors

in most issues and is designed to acquaint readers with important findings that have been made by Latterday Saint scholars in their reFiction, Poetry search for master's theses and doctoral disserta14 To Each Her Own, Sara B. Neilson

tions. Other matters determined to be of interest

to members of the Church will be treated. To 29,32,49 Poetry

assist in this assignment, the Era announces the appointment of three new contributing editors, all of whom have attained professional eminence as well as have served widely and faithfully in the

Church: Dr. Truman G. Madsen, director of the

L. Editor; Editor; Assistant Doyle M. Eleanor Green, Jay Todd, Managing Managing Richard McKay, David UniInstitute Studies, Brigham Young of Mormon Editorial Jr., L. Zobell, Albert Manuscript Knowles,0. Editors;Gabbott, Research Mabel L Evans,Jones Copy

L. D. Editor; Editors; Albert Elaine Contributing Payne,Editor; Marion Hanks,Editor; EraWilliam of YouthT. Sykes, Durham,versity; Dr. professor of educaElliott Landau, Price, Artist. Director; HughEditor; Staff Art Reynolds, Nibley,Ralph Era Associate Norman Associate;Cannon, G. ofHomerEditor;Youth

tion, of University Leonard Utah; and Dr. Jay W. Eldredge, General

Snarr, Circulation Manager;Mana'ger;S. GlennFlorenceSmith, S.AdvertisingJacobsen, Representative.Associate General Manager; Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen State of economics, UtahArrington, professor

University. A fourth contributor in this departGeneralpublished bySuperintendent,the Mutual ImprovementYoung Men'sAssociations.Mutual ImprovementAll rightsAssociationreserved. of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, 1970;

at the Post Office,ment will be Albert L. Payne, who has been conforEnteredin section 1103, Act of OctoberSalt Lake1917,City, authorizedUtah, as secondJuly 2, class1918.matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided

editor seminariestributing the from and a year, price 3 years, $5.75; $8.25; advance; $3.00 each

special single 2 Thirtyyears, price; days'required to changesucceeding threeyear Subscriptionadded will 35cin Hopefully,institutes readers since 1968. magazine;notice include a recentissues.issue of the address ordering changesfor cannotof beaddress.madeyear, unless$2.50When please copymultipleexceptlabel fromsubscriptions, your thechange,

well old as isaddressincluded. the one, the address,a as new of helpfind a great source this department and

insight. Thepanied/mprovementby sufficientErapostagewelcomesfor deliverycontributionsand return.but is notPaymentresponsibleis madeforuponunsolicitedacceptance.manuscripts. Manuscripts must be accomAdvertising; Era The hisis product.pleased to carry advertisements of interest to readers, but doing so does not imply Church endorsement of the advertiser or

Official organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching Committee, Music

Committee, Church School System, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints,

The Improvement Era, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

Era, January 1970 1 By President David O. McKay

It Doffi Profit?What

"What doth it profit, my brethren, though a man Henry had in mind when, in the closing scene of his say he hath faith, and have not works? can faith save life, he said: "I have now disposed of all my property

him?"(James 2:14.) to my family. There is one thing more I wish I could

In this significant passage, James decries the imgive them, and that is the Christian religion. If they

potency of faith as a merely intellectual perception and had that, and I had not given them one shilling, they implies the importance of the application of truth to would be rich; and if they had not that, and I had

daily life and conduct. He teaches that faith is dead given them all the world, they would be poor."

and useless unless it expresses itself in a true life and Pure religion gives one power to rise above the true Christian activities. selfish, sensual, sordid life; it enables one, as one

There has been, and is today, too much discrepancy philosopher has said, to "experience a divinity in life between belief and practice, between the proclamation above and beyond the world of sensible reality. Withof high ideals and the application of these ideals to out this religion,"this philosopher continues, "no true

daily life and living. civilization is possible. A civilization declining all

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints contact with a supernatural life and refusing to estabbelieves that in his life and teachings Jesus Christ lish those mysterious inner relations gradually becomes reveals a standard of personal living and of social a parody of civilization."

relations that, if fully embodied in individual lives For thousands of years the human family has sufand in human institutions, would not only ameliorate fered from unrestrained expressions and manifestations the present ills of society, but would also bring happiof selfishness, hatred, envy, greed—animal passions

ness and peace to mankind. that have led to war, devastation, pestilence, and death.

If it be said that during the past nearly two thouIf even the simplest principles of the Savior's teachings sand years socalled Christian nations have failed to had been observed, history would have been changed.

achieve such a goal, we answer that all failure to do If you are now thinking that the application of so may be found in the fact that they have failed to Christ's teachings is impractical under modern condiapply the principles and teachings of true Christianity. tions, let me ask you to bring to mind a few specific

To every sincere follower of Christ, religion should examples of people who have devoted themselves to denote not only a sense of relationship to God, but the common good. Read the life of Florence Nightinalso an expression of that feeling in actions with regale, and a million others like her, unheralded and

spect to right and wrong and obligation to duty. unsung. Think of the Red Cross, a comparatively

This was undoubtedly the kind of religion Patrick recent organization among Christian nations. Think

of Abraham Lincoln consecrating his life to his counslave, of nature. His appetites are to be controlled

try. If you still are doubtful, consider he humble and used for the benefit of his health and the prolife and great achievements of Dr. George Washington longation of life. His passions are to be mastered and

Carver, of whom it was said that he had done "more controlled for the happiness and blessings of others than any other living man to rehabilitate agriculture and the perpetuity of the race.

in the South"; he refused a proffered salary of $100,000 A third principle is personal integrity. By this I

( a fabulous figure in those days ), preferring to devote mean plain, everyday honesty, sobriety, and respect his talents and energy to the benefit of his fellowmen. for others'rights, such as will win the confidence of

Christianity applied to daily life! one's fellows. This recognition applies to nations

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints as well as to individuals. It is as wrong for a nation,

accepts as literally true the words of Jesus: "I am because it is powerful, to steal from another and

come that they might have life, and that they might oppress it as it is for an individual to rob and kill have it more abundantly."(John 10:10.) We believe, his neighbor.

however, that this abundant life is obtained not only A fourth essential is social consciousness that awakfrom spiritual exaltation, but also by the application ens in each individual the realization that it is his to daily life of the principles that Jesus taught. duty to make the world better for his having been

These principles are few and simple and may, if in it. The very heart and spirit of this standard is

desired, be applied by every normal person. The first expressed in the statement of the Prophet Joseph

of these, and the foundation upon which a true ChrisSmith: "If my life is of no value to my friends, it is of

tian society is built, is: "And thou shalt love the Lord no value to me."

thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, Someday intelligent human beings will realize the and with all thy mind, and with all thy strength...."importance and benefit of living in right relations

(Mark 12:30.) A belief in a Supreme Being who one with another. When that time comes, the Savior's

lives and loves his children—a belief that gives power prayer will be in people's hearts: "That they all may

and vigor to the soul. An assurance that he can be be one; as thou, Father, art in me, and I in thee, that

approached for guidance, and that he will manifest they also may be one in us...."(John 17:21.)

himself to those who seek him. This condition can be achieved not alone from mere

Another is the acceptance of the truth that life is a belief, nor from oratorical exhortations, but by the gift of God and therefore divine. The proper use of application in business, social, and national life of the

this gift impels man to become the master, not the principles of the gospel of Jesus Christ. O

Era, January 1970 3 Give her what you know she wants instead of what you think she should have.

Part 1 A Happier Marriage Developing Together BvBy J.I. JoelJoel andand AudraAudra CallCall MossMoss r V-* \J

What did you two most enjoy did you have your last picnic tocalls for us to expand our lives doing when you were courting gether? When was the last time into new friendships.

holding hands, walking, windowyou went walking together just It is likely that you have been shopping, dancing, picnicking, for the pleasure of walking and dancing friends, traveling friends, studying; going to movies, plays, talking? childrearing friends, and many

sports events; arguing about ath- A marriage is a series of friendother kinds of friends, as well as

letic teams, politics, or other ship careers. Love serves as its lovers for many years. All those

issues; going out to dinner; talkunderlying theme. Friendship cafriendships have added to the

ing? Besides being in love, you reers provide it with the new magnetic power of your relationwere sharing activities that created challenges around which the relaship. But its enthusiasm still calls

friendship bonds between you. tionship further develops. Each for new friendships.

Now you have been married for type of friendship career with one's As one wife said, "We have gone some time. What has happened partner comes into being, rises to through rifle hunting, shotgun

to this friendship? If you enjoyed a peak of enthusiasm, and then hunting, bow and arrow hunting,

dancing, how long after marriage wanes away. It becomes an item spear fishing, lake fishing, river

was it before you stopped going to tucked away in the memory chest fishing, golfing, tennis, and you dances? Your first child cut in of sentimental valuables. name it."

half your talking as a couple, and This memory chest with its What are you sharing now bethe half that remained is made up wonderful assortment of friendsides those things that have come of a great deal of business talk ship patterns offers a real security and peaked and waned? What will

the business of family life. How to marriage. But all it offers is you be sharing next year? You

long has it been since you went what we have been. Further deshould even be sharing the sepawindow-shopping together? When velopment of our relationship rate adventures husband and wife

have as they pursue different ger, and marriages need an ocany questions on your list that activities as well as adventures casional shot in the arm like this appeal to me."You should! But

it gives the motivation to keep you don't have to use them. Makethat you have together.—

In marriage, partners must retrying. But we don't have to go up your own. Just follow one basic

main interesting persons for each away to open new friendships. We rule. All questions should ask the

other. Much is written about how can open up a new area by taking partner to tell how he feels or what

to remain an attractive figure up an interest together—bowling, he thinks about something. Only

physically, and physical appearor some other sport activity, a such questions can invite openlist is minded discussion through whichance is certainly a meaningful hobby, art work, music—the

concern. But nothing makes a endless. We sometimes make the mutual growth and appreciation

person more interesting than a excuse that we have neither the occur. The most significant sharnew enthusiasm. It leaves its eftime nor the money. How often ing between couples is appreciative

fects in the appearance, conversaare we telling the truth and how sharing of each other's feelings.

tion, attitude, feelings, and reoften are we merely seeking to Finally, take time to give some sponses. avoid anything that might cause excitement to your married life.

We are not all equally capable us to look a little foolish? Cicero, There are thousands of things that

of initiating new experiences that the great Roman writer, had one could do this. A group of married

may be shared. Some of us want of his characters learning Greek in persons in a brainstorming project

shared experiences but find it his seventies. A friend of ours in came up with some suggestions.

easier to share that which is initiher forties is learning to play the Part of the list is given below.

ated by others. Some persons who piano. Some of them may not appeal to

frequently initiate sometimes tire A second thing we can do to you, but most of them would and think the other partner ought provide enthusiasm is to ask our guarantee some excitement. If it

to take more initiative. It is a partner questions. "But,"you say, does nothing else, reading the list

wonderful idea, but in many cases "I do that all the time."Sure we ought to give you a few chuckles.

it just won't work. If you have the do, and the questions are most They're good for marriage, too!

capacity to initiate, you owe it to fascinating! "How did things go

your marriage to do so. Your parttoday?""What do you want from Ways to Make Your Marriage More

ner will acquire initiative as he the store?""Will the car be availExciting

grows in the security provided able tomorrow?""Did you get my What a husband can do:

through good friendship experipants fixed?"We often ask beauti-

1. Kiss the back of your wife's

ences. ful questions that would challenge

neck once a day.

It is important to realize that the intellect of a sixyear-old!

marriage partners do not share How about trying some other 2. Don't think you always have

these experiences in the same way. questions? "Just how do you feel to keep your chin up. Cry a

How something is shared is an about Vietnam?""What would you little—she'll love mothering

individual matter. Many married most like to do in the next year?"you.

people complain that one partner "How do you feel about the plans isn't involved in the marital exfor the new community center?"3. Bring her flowers while she

perience. When the situation is "What was the most interesting can still smell them.

explored, we usually find that both thing that happened to you today?"Jf. Use the same good manners

partners are involved; the real "What one thing could I work at with your wife that you

complaint is that one partner is that would please you?"would with a business client.

not involved in the particular way These questions should open up that the other person would like lively discussions. How else can 5. Bring home some phonograph

records of songs you both rehim to be involved. you expect to learn more about the

member fondly. Having noted that couple frienduniqueness of your partner than

ships are important, let us now through exploration of his mind? 6. Even if you've been married

look at some particular ways in Some persons say, "But I don't see a long time, compliment her which we can renew the enthusiDr. J. Joel and Audra Call Moss are parents of six children and popular

asm of. our relationship and help lecturers on improving family relationships. Dr. Moss is chairman of the

it develop. A weeklong trip may Department of Child Development and Family Relationships at Brigham

Young University.

leave you and your partner younEra, January 1970 5

Tell the neighbors you're happily married—it will get

back to your husband and please him.

Illustrated by Ted Nagata

on her cooking. lJf. Never ask her, "What have lems until you've fed him.

you done all day, dear?"7. Ask your wife's advice on

real it's a disaster—like business her in public. problems and some15. Kiss She may 20. If the taking fender off the car

it. take times look embarrassed sound and

the dinner an espesore, but she'll love it.—make

8. Don't think tenderness is cially good one.

sissified; it's really strength. 16. Take her out for the week21. Treat your husband with at

end. 9. Send presents to your wife least the same attention and

for no reason at all. 17. When you have finished love you give your children.

reading this article, walk10. Give her what you know she 22. Learn to translate your

over to her and tell her that wants instead of what you husband properly. "You look

you are glad you married think she should have. okay"may mean "Darling, her and that you would do

you look wonderful tonight."11. Never say, "I had that for it all over again.

lunch today."23. Write him a love note once

What a wife can do: in a while.12. When she is telling a story,

don't give away the punch 18. Tell the neighbors you're 2J+. Have a comfortable home

line. happily married—it will get where he can relax.

back to your husband and13. Learn some new jokes for 25. Don't make him the family

please him. the sake of your wife, who "meany."Don't say to the

has heard the old ones. 19. Don't tell him your probchildren, "Just wait until

your father gets home"or meeting for the first time. 57. Take a walk in the rain to-

"I want to let you, but gether.

Daddy says no."42. Don't call each other mother

and father, and stay away 58. Brainstorm problems with

26. Remember the things you from the couples who do—the whole family.

said and did to land him, unless they are 80. 59. Toss out the furniture that

and try them again.

A3. Go to an auction together. irks you.

27. Don't shush your husband

if he sings at parties. UU. Never sleep on a problem 60. Spend the night at a hotel.

without a solution or some 61. Make a family picture al28. Don't keep telling him he's agreement. bum together.

too old to do some of the things that he wants to do. 45. As you say your prayers to62. Have one night out alone at

gether before you go to least once a month.

29. Don't be on the telephone sleep, have your thoughts

when he comes home, and on something higher than 63. Switch off the TV and talk.

don't start talking on the your problems. 64. Always have some project

phone until after he leaves future—somein the morning. 4-6. Have a big family Bible; going for the

read together from it, as thing to do, build, or buy.

30. Be home when he gets there. well as our other scriptures; 65. If you have relatives living

31. Don't wear curlers when enter family records in the with you, see if they can

he's in sight. Bible. visit someone else occasion32. Put on your cold cream in 47. Take up a daring sport that ally.

the daytime. you can do together, such as 66. Drop the words I, me, and

skin diving, water skiing, or mine front your vocabulary 33. Find some place to keep the mountain climbing. and use we, us, and ours.

bobby pins, all of them.

4-8. Stop keeping up with the 67. Build each other up in pub34-. If he's usually amorous and Joneses. lic. Don't try to compete.

aggressive, turn the tables once in awhile. 49. Drop friends who are al68. If you must take medicine

ways bickering. regularly, keep it out of35. Pay cash for his presents—sight.

don't buy him a gift and 50. If one of you puts the first

then charge it to him. dent in the new car, laugh 69. Have a fireplace built in

it—even if it kills your bedroom.36. When he brings home a mess you.about of fish—no matter how 70. Go on a diet together.

unappetizing—clean them, 51. Don't live all your life by 71. Never begin a sentence with cook them to the best of the clock—don't condemn "It seems to me a good husyour ability, and eat them. the other if one is a little band would..."or "A good

37. Don't keep asking him, "Do late. wife would..."or "After

you love me?"52. Avoid getting angry at the all I've done for you..."

same time. 38. Believe him when he says 72. Stop going to parties that

that he does. 53. Have a large family. you don't want to go to.

39. Sometimes you take the 54Respect each other's pri73. Hire a hall and give a rebaby-sitter home. vacy. ception for all those who

predicted your marriage 40. Don't give him surprise 55. Contribute to the support of would never work. o parties. a foster child and correspond with the child. (Adapted from "84 Ways to Make Your

Exciting"Marriage June More and Jhan by What you both can do: 50, McCall's, Robbins, 1958, October pp. 56. Don't sacrifice all your fun special of the permission 14748. Used by

41. Treat each other occasiontoday for what you think authors.Family LivingThis listby Waynealso appearsJ. Andersonin Design[Minfor

ally as though you were may be security tomorrow. neapolis:1964], pp. T.14447.)S. Denison & Company, Inc.,

Era, January 1970 7

/ I If

*%v *

I

i

v; <s

t /

- {. <. * \n. ",

I Jr * r

j*4-

Chi IdiWhen1 4 YouTeachByBy E. LV Richardson My/

Director of Institute Curriculum, Church School System

Our son knows he is a child of some of the advice of his parents. now receiving new consideration.

God, a relationship not unlike that He finds considerable activity in He needs to explore for soluwhich exists between him and his nonfamily environments, which tions of problems beyond his parents. He is also aware that his tends more and more to take him home; and you, as one of his

father and mother are children of away from family surroundings teachers, may be one who can do their Heavenly Father and that and the supervision of his parents. much to help him resolve his curthey, too, must learn and do many He has learned to make many imrent dilemmas""How can I be

things before they can achieve the portant decisions with only limited certain of anything?""Did Joseph

perfection that he had earlier atreliance upon us; that is, he now Smith really see the Father and

tributed to them. This is the goal accepts more impersonal direction, the Son?""Is it necessary that I

of all God's children. Our son He has developed considerable go on a mission, or is this just exknows that his parents make misinterest in heterogeneous relationpected of me by my family and the

takes, even if not intentionally; yet ships. Being very much aware of bishop?""Is the socalled new

he is cognizant of their desire to attractive and popular girls, he morality really the same old imhelp him grow Godward. He does also wants to appear attractive and morality, as I'm told?""Is keeping

not really expect them to do for popular to them. Getting their atthe Word of Wisdom so important?"

him those things which he can tention may, at times, seem more "Is the payment of tithing and better do for himself. important to him than listening offerings as necessary as parents

This son of ours has learned to to the teacher's message. Even and the Church seem to think?"

control many of his desires and though he has faith and confi- "Why am I expected to behave difappetites and, generally, to condence in his Heavenly Father and ferently from the way the youth * form to the accepted mores and in his family, he still is not always of the world generally behave?"

behavioral patterns of his immehappy with the decisions we someThese and numerous questions like diate culture. We think he has times make concerning him. Many them, some of which are not disan increasing awareness of the of his goals that were once taken cussed with parents, are competuniqueness of his own personality. for granted by him and by us are ingfora place in his thinking.

Like others his age, he is turning more and more to his peer group aE. memberLV Richardsonof the isOremdirector(Utah)of curriculum31st Ward.for Hethe andinstituteshis wifeof religionhave sevenand

for direction, which sometimes children.

causes him to challenge mildly

Era, January 1970 9 We cannot resolve all problems happiness and growth, but is this those who think they do."Elder

for him, nor do we want to. Even so unusual for a teenager or for John A. Widtsoe suggested that

though we know he loves and reany of us? We can learn to be wise men should not throw the

spects us, some of our responses concerned for others only as we Church overboard because they no longer go unchallenged. He feel concern for ourselves. This have not been able to satisfy themreceives ideas, admonitions, adwas the Savior's message when he selves concerning every principle

vice, and direction from numerous admonished man to love his neighof the gospel, but that they should and various sources. Perhaps he bor as himself. wait and seek until answers are

even has no serious doubts about Let him know that you have a forthcoming. We would like to

our collective desires to help him; testimony of the gospel, but prohave you help our son develop a

yet he is aware of the lack of convide him an environment in which faith built upon things which God sistency in all our efforts in this he can develop an awareness that has revealed, so that he will have direction. In large measure, the subjective feeling may not be a confidence and faith that he may

decisions are still his to make, lasting substitute for objective obtain solutions for the unresolved which is as it should be. As his fact. We want him to know that problems for which he presently

teacher, please don't give him it is necessary to put forth genulacks sufficient answer. Is this not

cause to question your integrity, ine effort to obtain a knowledge of the spirit of the message to the your faith, or the sincerity of your the gospel. I suspect that a part Prophet Joseph Smith given by the

personal convictions. of your task as a teacher is to diLord when he said, "... men

Now I do not want to tell you rect him to sources where he can should be anxiously engaged in a how to do your job, but I am infind help in acquiring this knowlgood cause, and do many things terested and concerned. I do have edge. In your efforts to motivate of their own free will"? (D&C

some thoughts on how I would like his search for truth, lead him 58:27.)

our son to be when you have inthrough positive, wholesome, and Challenge his thinking. Give

fluenced him through your abilities optimistic channels so that he may him the word of the Lord, but let and wisdom. I hope his new exenjoy the guidance and inspiration him also find answers for himself.

periences with you, added to those of the Holy Spirit. He will find In your efforts to teach, do not

of his home, will help him to enough negative influences on his merely attempt to share prediachieve the qualities that will make own. It is not necessary always gested indoctrination. Be aware

him a capable member of our to shield him from that which is of the freedom of man's spirit,

Father's kingdom as well as a contrary to the teachings of the recognizing that it is the right of qualified agent in sharing in the Savior, but neither need you emevery person to do his own thinkresponsibility of subduing the phasize its existence. Help him to ing and to arrive at conclusions

earth. understand that the intensity of consistent with all he knows to be

As his teacher, love him—not as conviction may not be the final true. It is not wisdom to ridicule

do we his parents, but as a genutruth. We do not want him to concomments that do not happen to

ine friend interested in him as a fuse unfounded legends and superagree with your own present thinkperson who is in many ways stitions with the real truths of the ing. Each of your class members

unique. Be aware of his uniquegospel messages. is in some way unique, and I am

ness, for it may be here that he Do not give him all the answers. inclined to agree with what somecan make the greatest contribution Support his awareness of the fact one has said: "It is a favorite

to your class and to the world. that we have modern prophets who pastime of the nonintelligentsia to

Help him to value himself as a can and do continually receive attack what they neither know nor worthy person with characteristics revelation. In acepting this, he will understand."Do not put yourself

in as yet."In his home we In your teaching methods, trythatothers—settend to himset himapartapartonly frombearerecognize that "not all the answers in such a category.

cause his approach, his vision, or have found that it is much safer to relate what you say to experihis understanding may be someto say, "We don't know—but let's ences he has already had or is

what different. Let him feel that find out together,"than it is to having so that your message has

you are concerned and that you give some answers that later may meaning in terms of his present have a sincere desire to assist him turn out to be indefensible. It living and needs. Do not let your

in his struggle toward success. At has truly been said, "Faith is not enthusiasm mesmerize him into

this time he may appear selfish usually undermined by those who some sort of exotic trance of idealand much concerned about his own don't have all the answers, but by ism unrelated to his present living

10 Era, January 1970 Start the NewYear Right by Reading These New Deseret Book Publications

DRUGS

DRINKS MORALS Mark E. Petersen

|0K:: by Elder Mark E. Petersen

DRUGS, DRINKS, and MORALS Hardbound $1.95 Softbound 35$

Here is a book that "tells it like it is."It leads off with the recent

tragic experiences of Art Linkletter's daughter. There are many other

graphic examples and statistics which illustrate these three major problems of today. Elder Petersen presents a positive approach for youth

to follow, with evidence and testimony of the worth of following gospel standards in an uncertain world.

IJook jUSTAMlNUtEi ORDER FROM DESERET BOOK COMPANY, H***"44OR East777 SouthSo. Main,Temple,TownSalt& Country,Lake City,Orange,Utah 84110Calif. 92668

Please send me items circled: 1

Total cost $ This must include 4%%

Elliot Dr. by Salt Landau or Lake, residents $5.50 sales Utah ordering from from by W. Kimball Spencer $1.25

California tax residents ordering from from 5% salestax of today'sMany could human tragedies be prevented life, As we go through often overlook or forget about we Paid check, charge order, or Orange. by money D

with firm a of early understanding childhood problems. account.'established that later mistakes undoing. can be our Most people

Professor an authority Landau, on child education, presuch a "hidden wedge."This help book them may

sents for solving the parmethods numerous problems it, of it, aware dislodge gain Name havebecome and strength new

Address in are withents confronted children.This rearing book is so. in doing There gigantic potential these between

is a compilation of Dr. Landau's popular oneminute City little covers for those who read and follow the counsel

radio talks. The advice is brief, but potent. State Zip herein.

Jan. 1970 Era

and doing. Profit from your own Our child is naturally enthusiaspossible medium—the press, teleexperiences; how many of your untic and inquisitive. Given no opvision, movies, how he sees people

realistic resolutions found genuine portunity to share experiences with relate to each other—and he will

expression in your life? In teachyou and other members of the not forever attribute these activiing without reference to living, class, he will create opportunities ties only to those not of his faith.

we often become so effective of his own that may be unrelated He watches the conduct of his parin theorizing that we convince ourto the message you have prepared ents and leaders of the Church and selves that our talking promotes for him. You may call this activity community. He watches your conour hearers'doing. There is that inattentive, disrespectful, or irduct! If you, his teacher, cannot

reverent, when it might really just make this message have meaning be illdirected enthusiasm and in your life and that of your fam- "Be mindful creativity. I believe it has been ily, why should it have meaning to

fairly well established that one him?

learns in relation to the degree of We all have difficulty separating of how you felt, his own interest. We usually rethe message of the Savior from the

member those things best which activity of the people who teach it.

really arouse us. Nothing is ever Some of the thinking of our time

thought, and acted completely ours until we have had has created a crisis that lies much an opportunity to use it. As pardeeper than that which is reflected

ents, we would be happy to coin the appearance and conduct of at his age"operate with you in any way we many young people. It lies inside

can; but we cannot prepare your each of us—in the scale of values

lesson nor provide the enthusiasm directing our activities, in our ator conviction of its message for titudes and outlook on life, in the possibility; but usually when what you. sincerity and extent of our convicIt growsweexperiences—leadingsay remains unrelatedinto noto perour for Pleasenaught;dobutnotasletyouhisprepare,vitality dogo tions,ments andand inaspirations.our basic commitlittle, not be so preoccupied with the out of our basic philosophy of life, sonal involvement—there is

if any, lasting effect. When you subject that you lose sight of your which is a composite of our

have a stirring message to deliver, students. The gospel exists for experiences and reflections.

please be sensitive to the feelings the benefit of man and not for the Finally, be mindful of your own and thoughts of your students. sake of its subject matter alone. youth and past experiences—how

Teaching the gospel is the opening This was shown by the Savior, who you felt and thought and acted at of doors through which the indisaid that the Sabbath was made his age. You cannot attribute to

vidual may enter new areas of exfor man and not man for the Sabhim all the wisdom and experience perience and understanding, but bath. Your love for gospel subyour additional years have given

it is the learner himself who must jects must not make of my child you. Accepting the adage, "You

pass through these doors. Noan incidental factor of the class. cannot put the head of a sage upon

body else, not even the teacher, The prophetic approach (teaching the shoulders of a boy,"does not can do this for him. by preaching) is effective only inmean that you must give a child

Please be prepared; be a sofar as class members experience license to behave as an undiscischolar in the gospel. Let your the message. plined delinquent—only as a teenstudents share your enthusiasm Live the gospel! If it has no ager. We have all been through

in your life, how it. Let us benefit by this experifor the messages of life—not just genuine meaning

at the feeling level, but motivate can you expect it to have meaning ence in understanding our children them to go beyond the material automatically for my son? Do not and our students.

you present in class. Your own let him develop a feeling that the As a teacher, you may have to

studies should suggest many message is beyond his ability to forgo the immediate reward of an avenues for further investigation. use. In the home we attempt to acknowledgment of success as a

Involve members of the class in put gospel messages into our livlaborer in the vineyard, but you that search. Unpreparedness gening, but we cannot completely may have earned the respect and

erally produces apathy, which, compensate for all the failures admiration of your students as well when brought to class, may be found in his world. He experiences as the undying gratitude of their

contagious. unChristian conduct through every fathers and mothers. o

12 Era, January 1970 LIFE...FOR A RICHER. FULLER

A f&lB 1kn!!Midi IMl 5 35Li Man fafHS

&theCk|e OAVIDO. McKAY HUGH NIBLEY

EZRA TAFT BENSON HYRUM L. ANORUS

ERNEST L. WILKINSON WILLIAM E. FORT, JR.

CHAUNCEY RIDDLE GLENN L. PEARSON FOUR FOODS AND MORE

RICHARD VETTERLI TO USE AND STORE

With a fonnvwtt ttv W, Cletm Skousen pMIrfSBSRfc.: BWjMRftk rf&B8K&Mm: 'kmngHirB WmJIF"TW-'"Wjpnr

1. THE MIRACLE OF 2. THE CHALLENGE AND 3. PASSPORT TO SURVIVAL

FORGIVENESS THE CHOICE By Spencer W. Kimball Richard Vetterli (compiler) By Esther Dickey

With insight and authority a Leading Church writers and Stresses four survival foods - modern apostle gives a penespeakers emphasize the wheat, powdered milk, honey trating explanation of repenteternal significance of perand saltand gives 100 nourance and forgiveness, the sonal liberty, outline its deishing recipes using them

Savior's way of healing souls. velopment in the modern exclusively. Outlines addi-

A major work of substance world, and pinpoint the curtional foods and survival and power whose clarificarent trends which menace techniques. An indispensable

tions and encouragements it. A timely reminder of the household tool for food presfill a universal need in today's importance which God places ervation and storage and

world. $4.95 on individual freedom and general family preparedness.

of the responsibilities insep- $3.50

4. THE THREE INFINITIES arable from that freedom.

By Sterling W. Sill Stimulating reading on matter

Sill's vigorous of Elder latest The vital to all. $3.95

the exciting pointing way to books, success and happiness. Stresses

the 3 indispens- 1-70 all in factors able for which I enclose circled book(s) the following Please send and progress or of $ order in the check amount money both success THREE 4 3 here and hereafter—knowlNAME 12

ADDRESS to Know edge,and character.activity, BOOKCRAFT1848 West 2300 South

ZIP CITY, STATE, P. 0. 268 Box $3.95 of Utah Residents add iVz% sales tax.

City, Utah Salt Lake 84110 "Sorry I didn't have time to yf put the cap on the toothpaste,"muttered 14year-old Jeff, as he brushed past me in a hasty retreat from the bathroom, "but you can see I'm almost late for school."The back door slammed and he was gone, leaving a fragrant trail of soap, lotion, and hairis

To Each HerOwnBy Sara Neilson* illustrated by Sherry Thompson

dressing. I surveyed the bathroom with indignation. lost a page. Well, there were going to be some

Toothpaste cap indeed! That was only the beginning. changes! Tonight when he came home I was going

An open drawer revealed lidless jars and a greasy comb to let him have it. Patience and tolerance had been

full of hair; the mirror reflected water splashes and stretched too thin.

soap foam; two saturated cotton balls, having missed I slammed into the kitchen as Bobert was finishing

the wastebasket, dotted the floor; and a wet washcloth his last bite of toast and jelly.

dripped over the edge of the basin. "What's the matter, hon? Jeff too late to eat again?"I

Walking on down the hall, I sized up his room. "Same old story,"I sighed. "He couldn't possibly!

Newspapers, orange peels, pop bottles, records, and a have time for eating, since he was only awakened!

pair of pliers on his dresser; dirty socks, steppedout-of three times and reminded to hurry twice! Oh, Bobert, I

pajamas, a basketball, and gum wrappers in the closet; what are we going to do about that child?"

house slippers, broken shoelaces, and a guitar in his "Well, you know boys, dear; it's just the age—prob-|

unmade bed! Where had I failed? How could this ably has a lot of important things on his mind."Hel

boy with normal intelligence and emotions slip happily wiped his mouth and pushed back the chair.

out the door and leave such a depressing clutter be- "Oh, sure, like picking up some of his litter. Cast!

hind for me? With self pity, I reviewed my countless, your glance around the bathroom on your wayf

unappreciated efforts to please him. through!"I

There might be some conceivable justification if Bobert was so understanding, always seeing Jeff's I he were making great strides in accomplishment, like side of things and making allowances for him. Becol-f

Steve next door. But Jeff always managed to fall a lections of his youth fed his overtolerance.

little short of success—not quite fast enough for the "Jeff's just like I was at that age,"he would say.|

basketball team, not quite dramatic enough for "He's a good boy, and we should count our blessings."

the school play, not really good enough for a guitar I had tried that, too. Be positive, think good qualinumber in a talent show. ties, be grateful he isn't a school hoodlum. It worked

He excelled in excusemaking, though. There for awhile, but it didn't eradicate the humiliation

would have been an A in history if the teacher hadn't given the girls all the good grades, a B on his math Sara Brown Neilson, first counselor in the Pasadena (California) Stake Relief Society, is a freelance writer test if the teacher hadn't asked dumb stuff that wasn't and the mother of three children.

in the book, a better grade on his theme if he hadn't

Era, January 1970 15 I felt of the repeated victories of the only other teendon't see things like that—too many more important

age boy in our neighborhood. things on their minds. Try to understand."He kissed

My next door neighbor, June, called often to report me and was gone.

her son's latest accomplishment. Steve made the footIt wasn't hard to count my blessings where Robert

ball squad. Steve's name appeared on the honor roll. was concerned. His understanding softness with Jeff

Steve won the interclass debate. And, according to was the same softness that brushed over my irritations

June, he ate a good breakfast and always made his and dulled the sharp edges. He had a strong convicown bed. I was depressed with inadequacy. Even tion that interminable patience, tolerance, and love

with wild exaggeration the most I could offer was, would transcend any teenage problem. And it was

"Jeff is surely doing well on his guitar."I tried to feel true he had achieved an intimate fatherson relation-

a genuine interest in June's details, without envy, of ship that was proofworthy. But how long did one

Steve's excellence, but there was something about her accept Jeff's selfcentered thoughtlessness without a attitude that seemed irritatingly superior—almost as stand? Something must be done.

though she enjoyed her mothersuccess more than I groped for a trace of reality in Robert's claim to

Steve's accomplishments. similarity at Jeff's age, but the picture wouldn't focus.

I decided to carefully analyze the situation. Was They couldn't be alike in any way. Resemblance was

June really flaunting her successful position, or could too far removed from reality. Robert was so excepjealousy be coloring my view? Hoping not, I logically, tional. If only Jeff could be like him—organized,

without emotion, dissected the events of the last few perceptive, considerate, and loved by everyone. But

weeks and found comfort in favor of the flaunting. it was obvious there was no hope.

Moreover, scrutiny revealed June's attempts to make The day held its multitude of demands for me, and

Jeff look his worst. the time whipped by before they could all be met.

The mothers'neighborhood luncheon was especially I had just finished mopping and waxing the kitchen difficult. June had started as dessert was served. floor when Jeff shuffled in, sprinkling fresh dirt from

"What a treat to have dessert! We seldom do at our the grooves of his unwiped tennis shoes and complainhouse, since it isn't on Steve's athletic diet. Did I tell ing about having forgotten his gym suit that morning.

you he made two touchdowns in the last game, and He dropped his books on the table, sliced off a piece this means he will probably receive the most valuable of cake (adding crumbs to the dirt), and slouched player award?"down on a chair to eat it.

All the attention went to her. Now was the time for my big showdown. I started

"Isn't that wonderful!"organizing resentful words into a convincing com-

"It's hard to believe one boy can do it all!"plaint, but then I caught a glimpse of the child

"What an honor to have such a son!"smoothness that still lingered around the side of his

"June, how do you manage to inspire him to such neck, and I hesitated. Why did I always want to hug

heights?"and protect him when it came time for the repriShe smiled brightly, flushed with all the attention, mands? Because, I told myself, in spite of the big front,

and sighed, "Well, I can assure you it isn't easy, but you're soft like Robert! (Well, almost, anyway.)

it's all in knowing the right approach. I'll have to The telephone rang and I welcomed the reprieve.

admit I'm part of everything he does, and he loves It was June, sounding more excited than usual.

my interest.""Did Jeff tell you the good news when he got home?"

Then she quickly shifted the spotlight in my direc- "No, he didn't. We haven't had much time to talktion. he just got here."

"And how is Jeff doing these days?""Well, we're really excited! Steve is running for

There was an embarrassing silence while I squirmed ninth grade class president, and I'm starting to write and tried to think of something to say. The best I his talk and organize a campaign. Some of his friends

could manage was, "Oh, fine—just fine—Jeff is fine."have already called to offer help, and I wondered if

"Does he plan to go out for any sport next year?"Jeff would like to make posters Saturday night."

she persisted. I worked hard at forcing gaiety into my voice.

"Let's face it, all boys just aren't cut out for athletics "Congratulations on his nomination, June. It is

and Jeff is probably the studious type."wonderful for you. Jeff will want to do his part, and

Robert's leaving pulled my thoughts back to today. I'll tell him to be there."

"Thanks for the nice breakfast, dear. I picked up I struggled for composure as I replaced the telethe bathroom for you. It was a mess, but boys just phone and stared at Jeff.

"So, Steve is running for president. Isn't that an auditorium and then leave early. You'd like to hear

accomplishment? And I suppose you're running for a Jeff, wouldn't you?"

school office, too?"It was big of her to mention Jeff!

"S'matter of fact, I am,"he muttered absently, "Yes, I'd like to go, June. Let's leave just before

I held onto the chair and gasped, "You are? You ten. That way we'll get there after the students are

really are? Your grades are good enough?"all in and settled."

"Yeah, they don't have to be that good to run for I was tempted to mention Jeff's invitation, but rose pep committee. I'll probably lose, so don't get all above pettiness and desisted.

shook up!"We arrived after the flag salute and found the comIt would only be pep committee, but still, it was an fort of inconspicuous seats in the back among interoffice. My mind started churning ideas to suggest ested teachers. Both of us became immediately

for his speech. I wouldn't write it, but I could help involved, and I sensed a strange excitement in the new

and insist on his being well prepared. identification with my son's realm of weekday living.

Jeff helped at Steve's poster party, but June didn't Steve was dynamic, persuasive, polished. The aptrust his report and furnished me with every detail of plause indicated victory for him. Jeff left much to be

the impressive friend loyalty that produced fantastic desired, and success was questionable. June was

posters from her clever ideas. There was never a ecstatic and smug as she noted the difference. Then

brief mention of Jeff's nomination, so, as usual, I did suddenly, without warning, we were trapped. The

most of the listening. assembly ended abruptly with the principal's anIt wasn't easy pinning Jeff down to work on his nouncement that everyone would remain seated while

talk. It was late when we finished, and I longed to the candidates filed up the aisle. June, who was

coach Jeff to speak with assurance and enthusiasm, but sitting in the first seat of the row, was frantic, but

Robert's look flashed a "goingto-far"signal, and I escape was impossible. She shifted nervously in her

switched to using the psychology book's suggestions. confined area as Steve started up the way. Then he

"You'll be great, Jeff, there's no doubt about it. spotted her! The chilling glare of disgust as he passed

We're so proud of you for running. Better get to bed left her white and shaken. He left the auditorium

now."without so much as a backward glance.

"You coming to hear me tomorrow, mom?"Then came Jeff, bringing up the rear with the less

I was stunned! "Do you want me to?"important. I looked the other way and studied the

"Kinda hoped you would. The assembly's at 10:00."wall, thinking it would help avoid any need he might

It was hard to believe! I knew the threat interested feel to speak in passing. The students about me were

parents were at school—and he had invited me! starting to make leaving motions when I heard a

"I'd love to come, Jeff. Thanks for asking me. I'll familiar "Mom."

slip in the back late, and don't bother seeing me after. I turned to see Jeff standing over us.

I know how it is with parents at school.""I just wanted to thank you for coming. It was

"Okay. You're cool to understand, mom."kinda early for both of you to get here, wasn't it?"

For the time things seemed almost right between I sensed kids staring at Jeff as though parent recogus and irritations faded into oblivion. Next morning nition was freakish, and heard a distant, "I'd die if

was different. Jeff was even later and sloppier than mine came to school."

usual. Breakfast was out of the question as Robert "Jeff,"I whispered, "I told you not to see me. I

rushed to drive him, since the bus had gone. I inwould have understood."

sisted on milk and vitamins while I buttoned his "Yeah, but I just wanted to. I guess it kinda matters

shirt and shoved extra money in his hand for a big how you feel, too."

lunch. Left alone to straighten the chaos of his I glanced at June and noticed her face had turned

cluttered path, I knew there was no question about from white to hot crimson without a trace of smughis need for that good lacing. ness. Voting wouldn't be until tomorrow, but all at

Shortly after 9:00 the telephone's insistent ringing, once I knew the outcome didn't matter; I already had a

announced June's need for communication. She winner. I smiled into the young, handsome face and

sounded urgent. resisted a terrible impulse to pat his cheek. Then an

"I've got to hear Steve's talk and see the student odd thing happened; for just an instant there was a

reaction. He said no when I mentioned coming. He trace of Robert looking down at me. The picture

said I was definitely not to show up, but I thought faded and finally returned very clear. Of course, they

maybe we could slip unnoticed in the rear of the were just alike at this age! O

Era, January 1970 17 YOURS FREE Staff Members Continues

A COMPLETE BOOK OF

REMEMBRANCE-$2.25 value

Church authorities recommend that every LDS title, 25 family group sheets, 10 pedigree charts, Jay M. Todd, assistant managing editor

family have a Book of Remembrance. 5 family history sheets, 5 personal record sheets

Here is your opportunity to receive a complete and 8 picture pedigree charts... a $2.25 value

Book of Remembrance free. The set includes a free when you join LDS Books Club. This offer To help keep pace with the

handsome leatherette binder with gold stamped is limited, so mail your order today. challenges of the rapidly increasing

i MAKE YOUR FIRST CLUB SELECTION FROM THESE LDS BESTSELLERS circulation of The Improvement Era and the growing needs of an 1. THE HOUSE OF THE LORD 2. THE TEN MOST WANTED MEN 3. COMMENTARY ON THE PEARL OF GREAT

are everexpanding Church, we PRICE E. Talmage James By

H. by Paul Dunn

[i Reynolds George authoritative By volume An to the advancepleased announce WWTMMM instructive An at look M. Sjodahl Janne and orditemple modern on

the ten desirable most of of three The members ment in ItttM,..... Explains nances. conthe reader Leads

traits of leadership the direct language through mv, fidently the staff. Improvement Era M. with Jay of examples these

temples. for need of Price. piul Pearl H tan Great

qualities. $3.95 is assistant to manadvanced $2.95 Todd $5.00

4. PASSPORT TO SURVIVAL PROPHECIES AND PROPHETIC PROMISES THE MIRACLE OF FORGIVENESS aging editor; Eleanor Knowles has

THE DOCTRINE FROM By Spencer W. Kimball been named copy editor; and Mabel COVENANTS By Esther Dickey AND

Stresses survival—four By Roy W. Doxey A modern apostle gives Jones Gabbott becomes manuscript

presentaAuthoritative explana- a penetrating powderfoods: wheat, editor. All three have poetry of tion 105 prophecies

of repentance and and and honey ed milk, in the tion promises and i for the associates as editorial salt. forgiveness. served $4.95 $3.50

Doctrine & Covenants.

$4.95 past four years.

7. THE WAY TO PEACE 8. ANSWERS TO GOSPEL QUESTIONS 9. TALKABLE TOPICS The Improvement Era has a most

By Mark E. Petersen Vols. 1 thru 5 By Lindsay Curtis, M.D. unusual editorial staff—a staff that

Fielding Smith By Joseph are brief Here out speaks apostle An experiincludes as three of its editors the portray which his ences applies author The evils against modern long experience President of of basic the to the President value Church, inspiran us gives and questions answering principles. Christian

true peace. to ed guide of the O. a member McKay; David by submitted Church

$3.50 $3.95 ea. members. $3.25 Richof the Elder Twelve, Council

1-70 ard L. Evans; and an Assistant to

special your charge Please Book of Remembrance without send set. the Council of the Twelve, Elder

is enclosed in the order or amount Check money of $ for the following regular Club selection(s): Marion D. Hanks. President McResidents of Utah add 4%% Sales Tax. Kay's monthly editorial page is the

Circle number of your choice 123456789 most popular feature of the Era.

reviews. I hereby monthly the Enroll and send as a member me me

selections during Elder Evans'"Spoken Word"has Club to Books of 4 agree purchase LDS a minimum the next 12 months at the regular advertised price. long been a widely read feature.

NAME As editor of the "Era of Youth,"

LDS BOOKS ADDRESS Elder Hanks has inspired youth

CLUB, INC. CITY STATE ZIP

P.O. Box 400

Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 (signed) 18 the demise of the Contributor (aAdvanced as Era

Church periodical of 187996):

to Grow By Doyle L. Green "Twice in my life I prayed to the Managing Editor Lord to be appointed to a position.

The first time was when there was a disorganization of the general superintendency of the Mutual Improvement Association.... I got

down on my knees and I asked the

Lord to call me to be one of the superintendency.... The Contributor was a very splendid magazine, one of the very finest

magazines the Church has published... [but now] we had no

magazine.... The very next day

when I was in the president's office,

President Joseph F. Smith said to

President Woodruff who was then also General Superintendent of the

Y.M.M.I.A.: 'Brother Woodruff, I

Eleanor Knowles, copy editor Mabel Jones Gabbott, manuscript editor believe you ought to have two other counselors in the superintendency with timely counsel on key issues Sister Gabbott, also a member of of the Young Men's Mutual. I sugfor nearly a decade. the YWMIA general board, atgest that Brother Grant here and

Before joining the Era staff. tended the University of Utah and Brother B. H. Roberts be counBrother Todd served on the staffs the University of Idaho, but she selors as well as myself.'... We

of the United Press International notes that she has learned as much immediately called a meeting and and Deseret News, taught seminary or more from her role as mother of we considered the proposition of in Heber City, Utah, and Blackfive children. She has published starting The Improvement Era."

foot, Idaho, and was a filmscript many poems and song lyrics, some And with that, the Era was born.

writer and audiovisual specialist in national publications. Three of But not without travail. President

for the seminaries and institutes. A her hymns are in the present LDS Wilford Woodruff blessed the proformer missionary to the Spanishhymnbook, and she is a regular posal and approved the appointAmerican Mission and a participant contributor to Latterday Saint ments of President Joseph F.

in a U.S. State Department sixliterature. Smith, second counselor in the First

month, aroundthe-world goodwill Today's staff members are carryPresidency, and Brigham H. Roberts

tour, he brings fresh perspective to ing on in the tradition of a long line of the First Council of the Seventy the work and is well qualified to of notable predecessors. Throughas editors. But it was the new busicarry additional editorial leadership out the years, people of ability, inness manager of the Em—Heber J.

responsibilities. spiration, and devotion have guided Grant of the Council of the Twelve

Sister Knowles, a graduate of and contributed to the Era, blessing—who excelled all others in his

Utah State University, was a writer hundreds of thousands of Lattercampaign for subscribers to the and editor at the Deseret News beday Saint homes with wholesome new magazine. "In this activity he

fore moving to New York City, and uplifting reading material. The used his energies and his private

where she was in turn editorial circulation of the Era has now means, and the energies of his famassociate of Supervisory Managesoared to some 265,000. A recent ily,"reported an acquaintance.

ment magazine, editor of an adversurvey shows that more than 1.1 His daughter Lucy wrote: "Fatising agency's employee magazine, million persons read the magazine ther sent personal letters by the

and editor of the Cornell University each month. thousands. We had several typeMedical College alumni magazine. This growth would please the writers and several of us children

She is a member of the YWMIA founder of the Era, President Heber learned to typewrite getting out general board. J. Grant, who wrote in 1896, after Era letters. We had a huge dining

Era, January 1970 19 WHY IS THE COMMUNITY BIRTHDAY CALENDAR

SUCH AN EFFECTIVE FUNDRAISING PLAN ingroomroomand table.an especiallyThis tablelargewoulddinbe pulled out and half a dozen

FOR L.D.S. GROUPS? leaves put in it. Then we would

all sit around and some would fold;

others would write. Father was

... Because they are offering usually seated at the end signing

a so calendar desirable that his name. a half had dozen We OQUIRRH fTAKE ELDERS gladly people pay $2.00, $3.00, to enclosures put into the envelopes,

C&ai4#4oa& '72>t*$u&w Gtaxu&x $4.00, $5.00 for it. so it took us all to get these letters

holiday Oil *"Advaittur* In FrJtndfhlp fo Atoka a Frlmndly Community Mon trlmndly ready for the mail."

... The calendars cost them

Elder Grant's prayerful desire nothing. for a Church magazine soon became... All the money they take in a reality with the November 1897

from the sale of calendars is publication of the first Era. The

KSSKIiS profit. subscription price was $2.00 a year.

MCKTTMNMKITTOMHMAW t *.o. MAUTYLAfllAI/iMUM ntnacMmuMtVHRIIA UDWAltCH After President Woodruff's death

in President 1898, Lorenzo Snow facts,... Considering these

sss. NUIMMMDVIM JONIS'NUMAKU over presided the and the YMMIA topyou say, "This is a FA4S STORt! wouldn't

notch fundraising plan"? Era. President Joseph F. Smith of

Sept* the First Presidency was assisted... That's exactly what a great as editor by Edward H. Anderson

Eggfin'EH53BEflkm*-.:,-; 2-?V"SBC.. many L.D.S. Groups have been until 1918, when Heber J. Grant,

saying for many years.

In SWOB And, not only L.D.S. groups,

J but thousands of School organizations, Fraternal Civic and -)-) ")1 "TC ")C i2 ")4 BttfcisftA =;e= r-e... sssr groups, Lodges, and Churches

St 1 29 2o ofUnitedall Statesdenominationsand Canada,in havethe

Mnwwn ITANDA1D IMWMNCIMINCYCHICK PA* IS PUNMALPillHOMl: J5i5i, been making $400.00 to $4,-

'T A*; OIW HtrtMIW

000.00 ANNUALLY with this

project for over 20 years.

Pres. Heber J. Grant Elder John A. Widtsoe

then President of the Church, beYou no doubt have heard about the Community Birthday Calendar editor. Assisting came him wasfundraising project, but not you may know how it works. Hugh J. Cannon, who was followed

If you are a member of a Seventies Quorum, an Elders Quorum, by Harrison R. Merrill.

Relief Society, M.I.A., Sunday School, Primary, Boy Scouts and/or In the mid1930's, three persons

Explorers... or, if you are on the Budget Committee or Building Fund were added to the Era staff who

Committee... and if your group needs a good ANNUAL money raising were to guide the magazine for

many years: Elder John A. Widtsoeproject—Write and tell us about your group and the purpose for

which you need money. We will send you a Community Birthday of the Council of the Twelve, apCalendar and complete information. pointed in 1935 as editor; Marba C.

Josephson, appointed the same year

If you would like an experienced fundraising counselor from our as associate managing editor; and

Company to meet with your group or committee to answer questions Richard L. Evans, named managing

and go into more detail, this can be arranged. Write to: editor in 1936.

Elder Widtsoe received editorial

HARVEY PENNEY, Western States Area Manager, counsel from three prophets of God 3820 South 2700 East, during his 1935 to 1952 tenure as an editor: Presidents Heber J. Grant,

Salt Lake City, Utah 84109 George Albert Smith, and David O.

(The Franchise to sponsor the Community Birthday Calendar is granted only to nonprofit organizations that use the profits for worthy purposes.) 20

McKay. Although former editors the Twelve, O. B. Peterson, John K. and rising costs.

had eloquently charged the Era Orton, John D. Giles, and the In the years ahead, though imto promulgate the gospel, Elder present business manager, Verl F. provements and changes will be

Widtsoe, twice a university presiScott. made in the techniques of printing

dent, gave power and meaning to The business acumen and the and the mechanics of serving an the standard. He wrote: "The Imforesight of these associates have evergrowing circle of subscribers,

provement Era stands for truth, greatly blessed the Era to be the purposes of the Era, established full truth, all truth, as an organ of solvent, selfsustaining, and finanso many years ago, will continue to

The Church of Jesus Christ of cially capable to meet the chalbe "the strengthening of the faith of

Latterday Saints. It places the lenges required in publishing a the members in the restored Church

word of God before the word of magazine in a world of rapid and of Christ, and the promulgation man...."complex printing procedures, intriamong the readers of the truths and

Under Elder Widtsoe's direction, cate computerized mailing methods, principles of the gospel."O

Elder Evans served as managing editor for 14 years before his appointment as an editor in 1950, a position he still holds.

"The Spoken Word"from Temap- Doyle L. In 1947 Green was ple Square, over KSL presented The editor, assistantpointed Broadcasting managing the Columbia and

System November 9, 1969. 1969.and three years later he was named SpokenWord

managing editor, with Sister Josephson as associate managing editor,

By Richard L. Evans

a position she held until her death in 1965. In 1960, Elder Marion D. If we patronize evil

Sister ElaineHanks and Cannon morality of for standards lowering /ith increasing the concern % A staff editors asjoined the of the it? question, the about to do decency, there What comes \ /and \i

to of"Era Youth"and they continue if sit in just the as resignation watching were we we V wShould inserve these positions. Other fullthe trend? to progress or of a play, is there can something change do we

time members of the editorial staff One hopeful aspect of it is the growing determination on the part of many are Albert L. Zobell, Jr., research responsible people, publicly and privately, to draw a line against looseeditor, and William T. Sykes, ediness and lawlessness. But in some ways there is still indifference or distorial associate. Ralph Reynolds is couragement as to altering the outcome. And it would seem to be far

art director, with Norman Price as past time to face some very simple facts—and one of them is this: Part

staff artist. 6f the reason why evil is possible is because it is made to be profitable.

The business department of the Another fact: We may be against it in principle, and still patronize it, and

Era has been guided through the make it further possible by making it further profitable. This applies to

years by wise and devoted general any form of evil that is offered to the public as a marketable product.

managers, who in recent decades If we patronize or partake of anything that isn't good for people, we are have been the general superinhelping to expand it by helping to make it profitable. If, for any reason

tendents of the Young Men's Muwhatsoever, we purchase or procure any of the salacious products of tual Improvement Association and pornography, in picture or in print, we help to make this evil profitable.

the presidents of the Young If we patronize a lewd or raw or immoral play, by whatever means it

Women's Mutual Improvement Asis presented or produced—if we put our money down to see something

sociation. General YMMIA Superfilthy and immoral—we are not only compromising and degrading ourintendent W. Jay Eldredge now selves, but we are helping to promote and proliferate such productions

serves as general manager, and by making them profitable. Evil is greedy. Evil is pursued by many to

General YWMIA President Florence make money. And always we ought to remember that the more profit-

S. Jacobsen is associate general able evil is, the more powerful it is, and the more prevalent it will bemanager. come. Evil will go just as far as we let it. If we patronize it, encourage

Assisting in this responsibility it, it will go to unlimited lengths. But we personally can play an

have been the Era business manimportant part by not patronizing, not purchasing, not making profitable agers, beginning with President anything of evil or of lowminded morals. If something isn't good for

Heber J. Grant, and including Elder people, it doesn't matter how profitable or popular or prevalent it is,

Melvin J. Ballard of the Council of we ought to leave it alone.

Era, January 1970 21 of the less overtly expressive majority is alResearch readyand thatan aestablishedcultural revolutionfact or process.

& Review Oh the other hand, many teachers and leaders of youth think of them- (See page 1 for introduction selves as dealing with individuals who of this new department) are basically good and wholesome and who hold to the traditional ideals and standards.

In the midst of this quandry over whether the youth of today are basically good or bad, there comes to surface a recent master's thesis by a Latterday

Saint scholar on the subject of today's

Latterday Saint youth. The researcher

is James F. Killian, and his Brigham

Young University master's thesis is titled "A Study to Determine the Interests and Concerns of Senior Students in

Relationship to the Thirtyfive Directional Objectives of the LDS Seminary

System."Brother Killian set out to obtain the response of Latterday Saint youth to various topics that they were being taught in the Church's seminary system. As a result of the project, some

valuable information was learned. In

short, the thesis of Brother Killian is definitely on the side of those who think our youth are basically good and wholesome and that they hold to the traditional ideals and standards.

The conclusions were drawn from a study that involved 198 seniors in high school, and the report makes interesting and ofttimes startling reading when we contemplate the implications of what young people are saying and when we ask ourselves how well we really know them.

For example, when one looks at the ten general categories in Killian's Religious Concerns study in which these young people evidence more concern and interest—the

Holy Ghost, forgiveness, testimony,

God, Joseph Smith, eternal truths, of Our Youth freedom, hood—oneprayer,cannotspirituality,help butandbepriestim-

By Albert L. Payne pressed with the depths of their

Improvement Era Contributing Editor, and Editor, Seminaries and Institutes, concerns. The youth wanted to receive

Church School System spiritual guidance, but they wanted to be very sure it really was from the

How well do any of us know the events and by views held by some Lord. Therefore, they were concerned

desires, interests, goals, problems, and knowledgeable people in the sociologiwith how to recognize the promptings faith of young people in the Church? cal, psychological, and law enforcement of the Holy Ghost. They seemed to

This question is raised in theory whensegments of our society. Some of these feel insecure about how to relate

ever such subjects as juvenile delinexperts view young people as opposed to spirituality to practical affairs. They

quency, generation gap, rebellion "the establishment"and rebellious wanted to feel close to God in prayer.

against authority, and the socalled against cultural mores and religious Their responses indicated a connew morality are discussed. standards. Some experts tend to think sciousness of their own shortcomings

Persons who tend to foster a pessithat the behavior of a minority whose and imperfections and a desire to rid mistic view about today's youth are actions are front page news is symptothemselves of these and gain forgiveseemingly supported by some current matic of the feelings and inclinations ness. They were worried about imper22

fections as they relate to those who hold This may have affected the order in the priesthood. They wanted testiwhich their interests were ranked all

monies of God, the gospel, Joseph the way up the list. Word of Wisdom,

Smith, and present Church leaders. love, honesty, tithes and offerings, and

They wanted knowledge upon which welfare came last. They did not seem

these testimonies might grow. They to be able to think of any statement

were deeply interested in eternal truths. that seemed interesting and important

We may learn from the study that to them regarding these principles.

young people want essentially the same But they had 20 statements about kinds of things adults want: to have prayer (the eighth category in terms

knowledge of God and where they are of interest), and all 20 were of greater going. They desire to be obedient and concern than any statement about, say,

are willing to listen to the Lord and welfare.

his representatives. But we also learn The question of how to apply gospel

that they feel when adults teach about principles is also shown when we conthese things, the adults often fail to sider the specific statements in which discuss those matters that seem imthe students indicated the most interest portant to young people. For example, and concern. The highest ranked spewhen adults talk about the Holy Ghost, cific concern or interest had to do with

they tend to identify him as a member knowing what is necessary to attain of the Godhead—distinguish his kind the celestial kingdom. Out of the first

of body from that of other members 20 specific statements, four had to do of the Godhead and define his role or with concern over the possible loss of mission. Although the Holy Ghost is freedom, four with a desire for knowlthe number one category of interest for edge, and four with selfimprovement.

young people, these are not the ideas Again the emphasis seemed to be on they want to discuss. They want to the practical side rather than on

know how to tell the difference betheoretical abstractions.

tween their own thoughts and those Some persons will be interested to prompted by the Holy Ghost, how to learn that according to the report, boys look to the Holy Ghost for guidance, may be more interested in marriage and how to recognize the promptings of than are girls, and that both boys and the Holy Ghost. girls rate 26 other categories as having

. When we consider the great concern greater interest and concern to them

of young people with respect to forgivethan marriage. And would you believe

ness, we find that although they want it—neither boys nor girls feel that

to know about forgiveness as a princimodesty is much of a problem in our ple, they seem to feel the urgency of society.

ridding themselves of their shortcomPessimists should not take too much ings. Therefore, they lay much stress comfort in the fact that the survey was

on preparing themselves for this blesstaken in seminaries. While surveys

ing. This is essentially true of testimony may be colored by circumstances, ciras well. They want to know how to cumstances may also be favorable to a

obtain one, but they also seem to be more accurate or complete uncovering somewhat apprehensive of the possiof truth. Research has shown that

bility of losing testimony. They seem to when contact with another person is on

be very much concerned that their a more basic level, the person's real self prayer life is not as significant to them is more inclined to be seen. This real

as it should be, and they feel they are self is basically rational, seeking after not as spiritual as they would like to positive and constructive ends. Sem- *ure elegance of line, cut and design, this

become. inary would be a favorable setting for Special Session Dress is beautifully tradiThese are practical matters with this kind of discovery of the deepdown tional with lace yoke and cuffs. Expressly

young people. They want to know self. created for both slender and full figures.

how the gospel principles work in their One thing seems clear, however, and Wear newly belted or flowing free. Adlives more than they want additional that is that with all their other interests justable lace collar... hidden back zipper

basic information. They want to walk and shortcomings, young people have a... slash pockets. 100% Nylon tricot and

with God more than they want to comdeep and consistent concern for things lace. P,S,M,L,XL. No. SSD-E.

ply with their own peer group or to spiritual and eternal. Those of us who Matching Slip. 30

success. leadership,achieve in teaching, worldly youth deal with $22.00 to 38. #6245. $10.00

also Categories relationships parental they listed last in imand might portance to their interest and concern learn that they seem quite fed up with tended to be things about which they broad generalization and that they See Your Localmay have thought they already had an would really like to know how the gosLe Voy's Consultant & understanding and knew how to apply. pel applies in their lives. O orMail Check or M.0.

Postpaid In U.S.A. /*H

2511 S.W. Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84115

Era, January 1970 23 Bv Mabel Jones Gabbott Manuscript Editor

In the beginning God created the heaven and the very stupid person can exist at all without some deterearth. He divided the light from the darkness. He minate purpose to fill up the mind."Let there be

gathered the waters together in one place and let purpose in our minds and in our hearts—a purpose in

dry land appear. He set forth the grass, the herb, and our actions and thoughts commensurate with the great

the fruit tree. He made two great lights, and he made and eternal purpose for which we and the earth were

the stars also. He created every living creature that created. Let there be in our purpose careful planning,

moves. "And God saw everything that he had made, knowledgeable understanding of how we can best

and, behold, it was very good...."(See Genesis, accomplish our purpose, and unstinted devotion to

Chapter 1.) whatever needs to be done to carry out the plan and

Beginnings are always exciting, a little awesome, a fulfill the purpose. Let this be the beginning.

little fearsome, but filled with expectancy and wonder The second ingredient for our recipe: Let's put joy,

and delight. And here we are at the beginning of a song, cheer, and goodwill into each day's living.

new time span—the 1970's. What can we do to make The Lord reminds us of a special beginning, as he

these years—the seventies—"very good"? spoke to Job out of the whirlwind: "Where wast thou

From three beginnings recorded in scripture I bring when I laid the foundations of the earth?... When

you three ingredients—my recipe for a new decade. the morning stars sang together, and all the sons of

First ingredient: purpose. There was in the beginGod shouted for joy?"(Job 38:4, 7.)

ning of creation a purpose, as stated by the Lord, Job must have answered as we answer: we were

"to bring to pass the immortality and eternal life of there, we accepted the earth God made for us and man."( Moses 1:39. ) That purpose has never changed. the plan for our visit here, and we sang together.

There was planning in God's creation—unhurried exactIn the beginning we shouted for joy for this opporness, attention to detail, discipline of element and tunity of earth experience. Then let us live it with

creator. There was order in the universe. rejoicing.

Thomas Carlyle said, "None but a very young or a If we could give a blessing to our child or grand24 child, there would be few blessings better than cheerfulness. Repeatedly to his disciples Jesus said, "Be

of good cheer."This means having faith and courage,

and not despairing over trifles. It means squaring

shoulders, holding heads high, carrying on. It means "The Spoken Word"from

radiating the light of the gospel of Jesus Christ. It Temple Square, presented

means caring and showing that we care. overbia BroadcastingKSL and the ColumSystem

It means shouting for joy that we are alive, that we September 28, 1969. 1969.

are eager for life in the decade of the seventies. It

means knowing that life is lived in the spirit, not in the Rolls Royce or mink stole; it is lived in the needed By Richard L. Evans

word of praise given gladly, in the unspoken sigh felt and understood, in shared mirth and laughter, in The poetry of the commonplace service rendered, in loving and believing. eminent Sir William Osier expressed a President McKay has said, "Every man has an Thethought that brings routine functions into focus.

atmosphere or a radiation that is affecting every perThe "poetry of the commonplace,"he called it.

son in the world."Let ours be of good cheer; let our "Nothing will sustain you more potently,"he said,

spirits shout for joy. "than the power to recognize in your humdrum

Our third ingredient: Let us let Jesus Christ and routine,... the true poetry of life—the poetry of the

all that he stands for be a vital part of our lives. commonplace, of the ordinary man, of the plain,

"In the beginning,"says John, "was the Word, and toilworn woman, with their love and their joys, their

... the withthe and God, was made Word was Word their griefs."sorrows often glamorize the and We

..."us. 1.)flesh, Chapter (See John, dwelt among and artificial, the exaggerated, the unusual, but the world

And because the Word—the Son of God—who was goes on, day to day, by the honest, enduring effort

in the beginning when the world was created, who of ordinary, faithful people, facing their problems, shouted and sang with us, did come in the flesh and meeting debts, caring for children, for the sick, caring dwell upon this earth and thrilled to the joys of morfor each other, performing essential functions, doing tality and suffered the woes of humanity and died their work well, and keeping going against discouragefor us—because of Jesus Christ there are beginnings! ment. And without these wonderful daily doers of

Through his great sacrifice he gave us the gift of what has to be done, this wouldn't be much of a repentance, without which no beginning is truly effecworld. Machines can never altogether take the place

tive. All beginnings begin in turning from the old, of thinking,, conscientious, faithfully performing

forsaking that which is done, and accepting his people. Glamour or leisure can never take the place

cleansing gift. of the solid work of the world, of doing what needs

"In him was life; and the life was the light of men."to be done today. "If you do your work with complete

(John 1:4.) Oh, to understand him better! To know faithfulness,"said Phillips Brooks, "you are making

what he did for us! To accept this great, great man! just as genuine a contribution to the... universal

To make his way of life our way of life in these ungood as is the most brilliant worker.... Oh, go take

certain seventies, to take his pattern as the pattern of up your work and do it... with cheerfulness and

action, and to accept his teachings as a moral guide love... profoundly devoted to [your] work and

in these questioning days! What a wonderful advenyet... profoundly thankful for the work which other

ture for a decade: to come to know Jesus Christ and men are doing... that everything should reach its

feel secure in his presence. best, that every man should do his best in his own

Impossible? We can try. line... f'1 To know what has to be done, and then

Our recipe to do it, is not only essential, but often heroic in its 1. Disciplined purpose and planning own way. Thank God for sincere and wonderful

2. Good cheer, joy, and song men, women, children who do well and honestly

3. The light of Jesus Christ as our constant comwhat they have to do each day, despite difficulties

panion and disappointments; for faithful people, for simple

Wouldn't it be wonderful.at the end of a day, a things, for routine duties—for work well done—for

year, a decade filled with these ingredients to be able "the poetry of the commonplace."

to look at everything we had made, and say, "Behold, 'Phillips Brooks, "The Light of the World and Other Sermons: Identity and

it was very good."O Variety."

Era, January 1970 25 TheLDS Scene

Professor to Receive pioneers who have shaped VicePresident of

Chemistry Award the industry."Brother Publications Organization

Dr. H. Tracy Hall, Hall is the first man to Merwin G. Fairbanks,

distinguished professor of produce artificial diamonds student publications adviser chemistry at Brigham in a laboratory. at Brigham Young

Young University, Using hightemperature University, has been will receive the Chemical and highpressure elected second vicepresident

Pioneer Award from the instruments, Dr. Hall has of the 500member

American Institute of also repacked atoms, National Council of

Chemists in May. The award creating materials unknown College Publications

is given "to chemical in nature. Advisers. He will assume

the presidency of the organization in two years.

School Named for Vietnam War Veteran The U. S. Army recently

named a school at Schofield Barracks, Hawaii, in honor of a Latterday Saint soldier of Hawaiian Indonesia Dedicated for Preaching of the Gospel ancestry. The soldier was

Indonesia, the world's largest south of Djakarta, capital of Indonesia. First Sergeant Samuel K.

archipelago, was dedicated for the preaching Fulltime missionaries will begin Solomon, Jr., mortally

of the gospel by Elder Ezra Taft proselyting there in early 1970. wounded in Vietnam after

Benson of the Council of the Twelve on Indonesia comprises about 3,000 islands carrying several severely

October 26. Elder Benson was and ranks sixth in the world in total wounded men to

accompanied by a party of about 30 population, with an estimated 130 safety and having saved persons, including Bruce R. McConkie of the million people. Some twelve races make a unit of about 44 men

First Council of the Seventy and up a population that speaks many dialects through additional

President G. Carlos Smith, Jr., of the and languages and is about 90 percent heroism. Elder Solomon

Southeast Asian Mission. The dedication took Moslem. Picture above shows Elder and was a member of the

place on a hill near Bogor, about 40 miles Sister Benson, Elder and Sister McConkie. Wahiawa (Hawaii) Ward.

Alexander Schreiner Robert Cundick

Most Valuable Player in American League Church Music Committee Reorganized

Harmon Killebrew, an elder in the Ontario (Oregon) The First Presidency recently announced the

Ward and third baseman for the Minnesota Twins professional reorganization of the Church Music Committee, with baseball team, has been voted the American the appointment of Elder Mark E. Petersen of

League's most valuable player of the year by the the Council of the Twelve as committee chairman, and

Baseball Writers Association of America. as committee members: Elder Richard L. Evans

Brother Killebrew batted.276, hit 49 home runs, and of the Council"of the Twelve; Isaac M. Stewart, Tabernacle

batted in 140 runs in 1969. He has hit 40 or Choir president; Richard P. Condie, Tabernacle Choir

more homers in seven seasons for a total of 446 in 11 years. conductor; and Arch L. Madsen, president of

"I'm so thankful for my Church membership. Bonneville International. Named as managing director

We've really been blessed by having of the committee was Alexander Schreiner, the priesthood in our home,"said Brother Killebrew. Tabernacle organist; assistant managing director is

He is an elders quorum instructor in the off season. Robert Cundick, also a Tabernacle organist.

Appointed as consulting advisers were Leroy J. Robertson,

Frank W. Asper, J. Spencer Cornwall, and Harold

Lundstrom. Associates of the committee are

Roy M. Darley, Crawford Gates, Jay E. Welch,

A. Harold Goodman, Reid Nibley, Ardean Watts, Bernell W.

Hales, Jr., and Margaret C. Richards. The new

program of the Church Music Committee calls for the establishment of priesthood leadership over all vocal and instrumental music at regional, stake, and ward levels. Detailed instructions

will be given at upcoming regional and stake conferences.

U.S. Commissioner of

Reclamation Ellis L. Armstrong, of

Bust Unveiled of Thomas E. Ricks the Holladay (Salt Lake

President John L. Clarke, left, of Ricks College, County) Sixteenth Ward, has

Churchsponsored junior college in Rexburg, Idaho, been appointed accepts a sculptured bust of Ricks College founder U.S. Commissioner of

Thomas E. Ricks, presented by Devere Ricks, right, Ricks Reclamation by President

family organization president. The bust was sculptured Richard M. Nixon.

by Edward Fraughton, center, wellknown Latterday Brother Armstrong, formerly

Saint sculptor. Thomas E. Ricks founded a high councilor in the

Bannock Stake Academy in 1888 and directed the New Jersey Stake, academy's growth for 13 years, until his death was U.S. Commissioner

in 1901. The school was renamed in his honor of Public Roads from

about a year later. 19581961.

Era, January 1970 27 The Church A/lovesOn

October 1969

The appointments of Wayne B.

Lynn, Blaine N. Lee, and John Longhurst to the general board of the

Deseret Sunday School Union were announced.

JAY MERRILL ALAN WAYNE OLIVE m New stake presidencies: President DONNIE JIMMY MARIE GEORGE

fVIRL & TOM ON MISSIONS WHEN PHOTO TAKEN) Rue C. Johnson and counselors Robert

W. Gerke and Thomas C. Cooke, Ft.

Wayne (Indiana) Stake; President HansJuergen K. B. Saager and counselors

THE OSMOND FAMILY PRESENT FOR YOUR LISTENING PLEASURE Carl A. H. Imbeck and Dietmar G.

'THE NEW(KING JAMESTESTAMENT"VERSION) Matern, Hamburg (Germany) Stake.

and id Bids were opened for the construction of the Provo (Utah) Temple. The "THE BOOK OF MORMON"

low bid submitted by was and Hogan

IN HANDY, PORTABLE CASSETTE FORM Tingey Construction Company, Centerville, Utah, for $4,275,000.

November 1969 KNOWLEDGEthrough UNLIMITED

BRILLIANT and INSPIRING SOUNDFULL HIGH FIDELITY RECORDING

The appointment of Arthur D. COMPLETELY PORTABLE RECORDING AND PLAYBACK UNITHIGHEST QUALITY U

Jackson to the Deseret Sunday School eutd.iAtat / Awin Union general board was announced.

IMPROVE YOUR UTILIZE ODD MOMENTS TO KNOWLEDGE OF THE GOSPEL

GROW MENTALLY & SPIRITUALLY IDEAL FOR MISSIONARIES Parramatta Stake, 495th stake now functioning, was organized by Elder

LeGrand Richards of the Council of the RECORDER/PLAYBACK

THE EXCITING NEW Twelve from parts of Sydney and Syd- "OSBRO"CASSETTE UNIT... Stanleyney SouthO. Gray(Australia)sustained stakes,as presidentwith

and Kenneth G. Hale and Donald New-

$5995 ton as counselors.

NBCRadio released the first of four weekly programs, "Faith in Action,"saluting the centennial of the YWMIA. TAPES Today's program was a historic narragroup. tive the of of the organization THE TESTAMENT NEW

(KING JAMES VERSION).. $59.95 features the program Each Mormon KNOWLEDGE UNLIMITED BOOK OF MORMON $59.95 Youth Symphony and Chorus and the

Girls'Centennial Chorus.

OTHER RELIGIOUS TAPES AND EDUCATIONAL TAPES WILL Texas East Stake, the 496th now

BE AVAILABLE SOON. SEND FOR FREE BROCHURE.

334 Washington Boulevard, Ogden, Utah 84404 - or - P. O. Box AC, Panorama City, California 9141

functioning, was organized by Elder

Spencer W. Kimball of the Council of

the Twelve from parts of Shreveport

Stake and the Gulf States Mission.

Sustained were President Gerald C. F.

Knackstedt and counselors William E.

Grubbs and Charles C. Tefteller.

I The new lighting on the Brigham

Young Monument at South Temple and

Main streets, Salt Lake City, with recessed base lights as well as floodlights, was turned on this evening.

lid YWMIA General President Florence

S. Jacobsen spoke about roadshows,

dance festivals, and other MIA activities on the "Faith in Action"series on the NBC radio network.

President Hugh B. Brown of the

First Presidency offered the dedicatory prayer at the unveiling of a monumentof a Mormon Battalion member, placed SUBDEX:.j::

on a hilltop in Presidio Park overlooking

Mission Bay, San Diego, California.

IN TIME.. Canticle Two A SAVING

By John S. Harris A LIFETIME GIFT!

Praise unto the Lord, for ONESELF TEACHERS SPEAKERS LEADERS

Who made each living thing; PARENTS STUDENTS MISSIONARIES

Who created the camel And the ox and the horse; Build a Personal File Packet Contents:

Who made the ram Enrichment File for simple instructions

And the hegoat and the bull; Gospel Talks and Lessons! ile format and comprehensive

mdex olive the moldedWho WITH 1 for pressuresensitive labels SUBDPX*-f date; the the fig andAnd filing facilitates rapid This system 2 6 major categories and

Who caused the fish to swim and permits easy relocation of any 440 subtopics for article you when need it.. 6 cross reference sheets CR-1 bird theAnd to fly and the serspecificIts flexibility for unique provides. 6 cross reference sheets CR-2 to crawl. pent in limitless expansion subject both. of 6 table contents sheets TC-1

of areas special your interest own the Lord, untoPraise THRnnrn in the subject and provided. areas ftfe. the strong nJl,no man made fiwWho its With index comprehensive and J:,tnv jLrnr or EVERYWHERE K-- the man, weakAnd simple cross reference the system by fL> the n 'ent usmg con is file a use of card no longer neemJjF foolish wise and theThe man order blank below! essary man—

Who created man in all his diORDER BLANK versity Please send copies of SUBDEX 1 ($3.25 each, postage paid)And woman in all her variety—Enclose money order Name..'.

Each in his season and each in street * Srt=v his kind. uty 1864 East SouthPraise unto the Lord. 336 State Zip 84057 OREM, UTAH

DISTRIBUTORSHIPS AVAILABLE Write for information

Era, January 1970 29 The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth About:

DRUGS

By Bishop John H. Vandenberg

The scriptures tell of a blind find greater meaning to life."of drugs or condone their abuse.

beggar, Bartimaeus, who would sit The increase in drug abuse is We live in a drugoriented society.

on the roadside near Jericho and alarming. It is possible that some "As I talk to young drug users

ask those passing for morsels of of you have been or may be apfrom all over the country, I find food or for alms. One day the proached about taking some type that most of these young people

Savior came to Jericho with his of drug. You do have your agency, are searching for meaningful andisciples and a great number of and the righteous exercise of that swers and enlightenment to very

people following. Bartimaeus heard agency when faced with such a important questions: 'Who am I?'

that Jesus of Nazareth was apdecision is critical. May I point and 'What am I doing here?'Many

proaching, he cried out, "Jesus, out a few things, based on valid feel that drugs (especially LSD, thou Son of David, have mercy on information, to help you in knowing marijuana, speed, and others) will me."what is the right decision. supply some of the answers.

Hearing him, the Master called First, the Lord, knowing of the "As a young Latterday Saint, for the beggar, and Bartimaeus "evils and designs which do and you may be called on to help your came closer to the Master. Jesus will exist in the hearts of conspirfriends in their query as to their

said to him, "What wilt thou that I ing men,"has counseled us: use of drugs. In order for you to

should do unto thee?"Bartimaeus "Know ye not that ye are the temhelp them make rational decisions,

had begged for food and alms from ple of God, and that the Spirit of you need to know the facts.

hundreds of passersby, but of the God dwelleth in you? If any man "Drugs such as LSD and mariMaster he asked, "Lord, that I defile the temple of God, him shall juana can fool the most intelligent

might receive my sight. God destroy; for the temple of and sincere people. They create a

"And Jesus said unto him, Go God is holy, which temple ye are."dangerous and subtle selfdelu-

thy way; thy faith hath made thee (1 Cor. 3:1617.) sion. Pot users and acidheads

whole. And immediately he reSecond, the Lord has said, "For never seem to notice that drugs

ceived his sight, and followed of him unto whom much is given don't make better people. People

Jesus in the way."(Mark 10:46much is required "(D&C 82:3.) who take drugs still have human

52.) As Latterday Saint youth, coming characteristics, such as laziness,

There are some in our society from fine homes, having many edulack of consideration, jealousies, today who, not unlike the blind cational advantages, plus knowing and fears. Sure, they may talk love

beggar, are sitting along the highof the will of the Lord and his purand brotherhood, but if anyone way of life begging. They are, poses for you, you have a great in the drug scene were to become

however, not begging for food or challenge to be leaders. Certainly honest and objective, he would

alms. They are begging for the the Lord expects you to make the admit that drugs are not as advermeaning and purpose of life. right decisions and to assume your tised."

Some of those who are begging role of leadership in the world. The meaning and purpose of

are young men and women who Finally, may I refer you to some life is the same as it has always have become disillusioned with ideas supplied by Bruce H. Woolbeen. For those who are begging

life as they perceive and live it. ley, executive secretary of the for "sight"or meaning, the answer

Some of these young people have State of Utah Drug Abuse Comis the one found by Bartimaeus, turned to various chemicals or mittee: the blind beggar who, the scripdrugs to escape and distort reality "If you are a young Latterday tures say, "received his sight and

or, as some of them report, "to Saint, you can't ignore the issue followed Jesus in the way."o

30 Era, January 1970 LOOKING AHEAD!

Savings plans to finance Missions for Sons, Daughters, Grandsons, Grandaughters

egardless of how you want to accumulate accumulated in the Passbook account. Also to

funds of approximately $2,400.00 for a have all the interest paid quarterly on the 90day

mission. First Security Bank can assist you. Savings Certificates credited to the

Passbook account.RThree types of savings plans are available,

together with variations or combinations to fit your "The way I've figured it,"said Mr. A., "I'll have

individual needs. These include: saved $2,424.96. If my son should go on a

mission, he'll receive $100.00 a month

5% per annum ShortTerm Savings Certificate—and the account will still have $579.11 in it,

with interest credited to a Passbook account perhaps for a postmission trip."

every 90 days.

$2,424.96 saved Amount Certificate Savings LongTerm annum 5% per 554.15 Interest paid by Bank 5-year interest over a with guaranteed 5%

period even if present interest rates should Amount paid Missionary $2,979.11

go down. This plan yields 5.60% when

interest is accumulated over 5 years.

SAVING $500 A YEAR Passbook Savings, a special mission account.

for a year year each Depositing once $500.00 Any amount may be deposited at any time.

will to that return create a fund your years will 5

Many families use a combination of plans, missionary $100.00 a month for 24 months.

And the 24th month's check would be for $778.80 - not just $100.00.

MR. & MRS. A'S PLAN

You may be interested in the specific plan Amount saved.$2,500.00

designed by Mr. and Mrs. A. In the early summer Interest paid by Bank 578.80

of 1968 they decided that they wanted to Amount paid Missionary $3,078.80

accumulate a fund so that 5 years hence $100.00

a month could be sent to their son all the time he would be on a mission. PLAN FOR YOUR FAMILY

They had $624.96

put it in our 5% perinannumcash at5Yearthat time,Savingsso they FirstEach Securityfamily's Bankrequirementshave thevary,"knowhow"but we atto tailor

Certificate. Interest is guaranteed. So the a plan so that you would receive maximum

$624.96 will earn $175.04 interest in 5 years. interest.

By 1973 it will have grown to $800.00.

discuss your in and you will hope come We Mr. accumulate more,To A. decided $1,800.00

specific savings problem your—plan be whether

forto years. save instructed 5 $30.00 a month He

for of time. long period short a or merely

to transfer that automaticallyus each amount month from his checking account and put it in a

Special Mission Passbook Savings Account. Federal regulations stipulate the maximum interest which may

Mr. A. also told us to buy a 5% ShortTerm be paid by national banks. Examples shown are based

Savings Certificate each time $500.00 has been on present maximum permissible rates.

First Security Bank of Utah, National Association. First Security State Bank.

First Security Bank of Idaho, National Association.

First Security Bank of Rock Springs, Wyoming. FIRST SECURITY BANK Members Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation

"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System Nov.

16, 1969. 1969

By Richard L. Evans Illustrated by Ed Maryon

A World, So Fresh and New Clean—what a wonderful word By Marylou A. Shaver

along has within path, he and I, the wooded wonderis a word that it some We walked for forThereful possibilities personal peace, the infant safety, where morning August for selfrespect, and the word is called "clean."glittered and freckled through the trees.

Clean hands, clean hearts, clean homes; clean water,

clean air, clean clothes—clean minds, clean morals—I watched his round legs and sturdy back

what a wonderful word! The mind so often follows taking the downhill path in stride.

environment—and the cycle reverses itself, as environHow straight he looked and was.

ment follows the mind. We can have a hopeful outlook in almost anything, if we commit ourselves to I reached out to touch the fine, soft hair

cleanliness, to being clean. "There is a beauty every that curled along his neck,

girl has,"said President McKay, "a gift from God, as but he was too busy to stand still for loving, pure as the sunlight, and as sacred as life. It is a and eased himself, twohanded, over a log

beauty all men love, a virtue that wins all men's to reach the river's edge.

souls. That beauty is chastity."1 "A beautiful, modest,

chaste woman is creation's masterpiece."2 "...walk We knelt there in the sand

in the Spirit,"said Paul, "and ye shall not fulfil the and sifted pebbles through our fingers, lust of the flesh.... the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, marveling over the blues and pinks,

peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith...."3 the slate against speckle and tan.

"Let our thoughts, words, dress and general deportment indicate our belief in the sanctity of the body He found a stone, washed to a pale mauve, as the temple of God,"said Hugh B. Brown, 4 "even and handed it up to me solemnly.

as Paul declared it to be: 'Wherefore come out from

among [the world]... and touch not the unclean The pine cones blossomed soft and green,

thing; and I will receive you, and will be a Father but we searched the dry ground for castoffs

unto you, and ye shall be my sons and daughters. to launch into the current.

...'5 Evil isn't clean. Evil keeps company with

unclean minds, unclean morals, unclean attitudes, He crowed to see the tiny vessels unclean atmosphere. That "cleanliness is next to floating down, down, down,

godliness"is not just an old adage but a real fact to and clapped his hands with wonder.

face: cleanliness of thought, of person, of dress, of

speech. There is not only "the strength of being He saw a lovely garden no man had planted.

clean,"but peace and safety and selfrespect. Youth He found a world, to him, so fresh and new;

can reach the highest of the heights if youth will then, Adamlike, he smiled.

commit itself to being clean. "How glorious and near

to the angels is youth that is clean."6 God help us to

commit ourselves to cleanliness.

'David O. McKay, The Instructor, August 1966.

2 lbid. 3Galatians 5:16, 22.

4Hugh B. Brown, You and Your Marriage, p. 66.

52 Corinthians 6:17, 18.

The First Presidency, April 6, 1942.

In the Beginning By Jay M. Todd

Assistant Managing Editor

Perhaps no single sentence in the Latterday Saints have always been scholars are presented in the folworld's history has been more wideencouraged to learn all that they lowing pages. These comments are

ly read than the inspiring first could about the world around informative and inspirational.

words of Genesis: "In the beginthem: Accompanying these comments

ning God created the heaven and "Teach ye diligently.... Of are seven paintings, six by Stanley

the earth."The very words conthings both in heaven and in the W. Galli and one by Harry Andertain a reverent charm that compells earth, and under the earth; things son, two of America's foremost

one onward: which have been, things which are, illustrators. The painting by Mr.

"And the earth was without things which must shortly come to Anderson is of Jesus the Creator;

form, and void; and darkness was pass...."(D&C 88:7879.) those by Mr. Galli are of the six

upon the face of the deep. And It seems without question that creative periods. The paintings, rethe Spirit of God moved upon the more one learns about the produced through the courtesy of

the face of the waters. And God handiwork of God, the more one the Church Information Service,

said, Let there be light...."gains in his respect, trust, and love suggest the imagery and beauty

In these days of intense explorafor God. Hence, The Improvement that prompted Moses to write:

tion of both our submicroscopic and Era sought the assistance of men "And God saw everything that he telescopic terrestrial environment, it of faith and learning; brethren who had made, and, behold, it was very

is fitting that our thoughts reflect spend the bulk of their time studygood."(Gen. 1:31.)

again upon the grandeur of God's ing, probing, and teaching about We hope readers will find a simicreations and that we observe again the world around us. Responses lar spirit of joy and testimony in the

the handiwork of his hands. Indeed. from over 30 Latterday Saint following pages.

Era, January 1970 33 On the Immensity of Space stretch away to distances so enor- "In the scientific community tomous that they stagger the imaginaday it is believed that there are in- "If one shrinks our solar system tion. Some of the galaxies go telligent beings elsewhere in thedown on a scale of 10,000,000 miles

out as far as 5,000,000,000 light universe, and, in fact, scientists haveto a foot, our solar system, including years (30,000,000,000,000,000,000,- been contemplating ways in whichPluto, could be contained in a Salt

Lake City block. On this same 000 miles), and still they go on. to listen for them. If scientists can We have already found some galbelieve that there are intelligentscale, the next sun in space would

axies that are so far back that their beings with even superior societies be over 500 miles away."-Thomas J.

Parmley, professor emeritus of physics, light has been on the way for over a to our own (compare Moses 7:30,

University of Utah. billion years. In this sense, astron36), it is not a great extension of

omy has turned into the strangest our reasoning to believe that there

On Our Galaxy kind of archaeology, for we see is a personal God in whose image some bodies as they were in the we are made and who is more "A broad strip of light circling dim past but are left to wonder superior to them all."-Earl M. Morthe entire sky outlines the Milky

Way galaxy as seen from earth, about their present condition"tensen, Department of Chemistry, Cleve-—Hollis R. Johnson, Department of Asland State University.

ivhich is inside the disk. Our sun tronomy, Indiana University.

and its accompanying planets, On the Creation of the Earth which lie toward the edge of the disk, are wheeling around the galOn Life in Outer Space "When our solar system was beaxy at a speed of over 100 miles "Whereas less than half a cengun, out of the dilute gas of interper second, but so immense is this tury ago scientists speculated that stellar space, an immense cold system that the sun takes approxithe chance of there being another cloud formed, whose density was mately 200 million years to complete planet like ours was negligibly high enough that gravity began to one revolution. Our sun is one of small, now scientific estimates draw the cloud together. Since the

about 100 million stars (suns) that suggest there may be ten billion cloud was rotating, it eventually make up the Milky Way galaxy, stars in our galaxy that have collapsed into a flat olisk that broke which is so immense that a flash of planets, and there are likely more up into many smaller clouds to form light must travel for 100 thousand than ten billion galaxies in the the planets with the sun at the cenyears to cross it (and light can universe. Whereas our scientific ter of the system. At this point, 'the

circle the earth seven and a half views of only a few years ago earth was without form, and void;

times per second). Almost everywould have ruled out this possiand darkness was upon the face

thing we see in the sky—stars, bility, scientists now believe the of the deep.'Then God said, 'Let

planets, comets, nebulae—belongs to existence of intelligent life on some there be light: and there was light,'

the Milky Way galaxy. With sharp of these planets to be a near cerfbr the sun began to shine as its

eyes, though, one can sometimes tainty; and radio telescopes are continued contraction heated it,

discern hazy spots of light that searching the heavens for signals and it lighted the earth and 'dimark the location of other galaxies sent into space by these intellivided the light from the darkness.'

as great as our own and far out in gences. "—John H. Gardner, chair- (See Gen. 1:2-4.)

space. There are at least a few man, Department of Physics, Brigham "Our sun, whose radiation makes

billion known galaxies, and these Young University. life possible on the earth, is a fiery

34 Era, January 1970 "And there stood one among them that was like unto God, and he said unto those who were with him: We will go down,

for there is space there, and we will take of these materials, and we will make an earth whereon these may dwell.

And then the Lord said:

Let us go down.

And they went down at the beginning, and they, that is the Gods, organized and formed the heavens and the earth."

(Abraham 3:24; 4:1.)

ball of gas so powerful that the "The earth is at the ideal position On Light light it throws off each second from the sun to receive sufficient "It has often amazed me to see weighs over four million tons—yet energy to activate climatic processes

the numerous times light is menthe sun's energy stores are so great and support life, but it is far enough tioned in the scriptures. God unthat it can radiate at this rate for from the sun to avoid a fiery death

derstands the full implications of ten billion years. by sudden bursts of energy. It is

this marvelous 'substance.'It has

"Sometime soon after its formaset in motion on its axis at the right taken man ages to unravel some of tion as a solid or liquid body, the speed to create days and nights of the secrets of this schizophrenicearth, warmed by the sun and the convenient lengths for activity and radioactivity of its crust, lost most—rest for man and other organisms. phenomenon. The minds of Newperhaps all—of the gas in its However, more remarkable than ton,and Einstein,others wrestledDe Broglie,withMaxwell,this to

atmosphere. Later, as the earth the regularity of the days and years

construct the foundations upon cooled, gases were released from is the inclination of the axis of rotawhich current quantum mechanics the crust and interior. The gases tion of the earth to the orbital

chairman, D. Brinley, is built."-Eldonremaining around the earth then plane. With the axis of rotation

UniTexas Ab-I Department of Health, cooled to form the atmosphere or inclined 23/2 to the orbital plane versity.

rained down to form the seas."around the sun, a mechanism has

—Hollis R. Johnson, Department of Asbeen set up that causes the inOn Water

tronomy, Indiana University. evitable march of the seasons. Withis imother so substance "No exof belts this adjustment, out scientific of several the "In each in operation nature's portant as exat equator the and heat treme formation thetheories concerning

is a as unsurpassed Water poles be water. at the would cold treme have planet earth,of would the the

It solvent. universal dissolves encountered. 'without in beginning,been, the mineral plant nutrients the from

is life earth very a zone on "The of void.'sequenceform, The and

It disearth. of constituents the layer thin delicate comand when in Genesis ascreation described solves inorganic the organic and of the to the dimensions pared create to of atmosphere anenough cell. living of constituents the

vertisolar system. earth The and of the separation thea firmament,

its action solvent the Without life all naturally cle in range which of the atmosphere vaporwater life that sustain would processes is highest the occurs mounfrom lithoof the liquid water thefrom exceptional has stop. an Water feet of tains above 30,000 about cloud of the reduction thesphere, to heat give or absorb capacity up

to depths level lowest the ocean sea sun, and the that moon, socover in temperawithout change much level. feet sea of about 30,000 below of visible, growth thestars were

it cliture. the Thus, moderates

this vertical 12mile comparing By fowl, fish, of creationplants, the it of shrinking as Instead mate.

life to the 24,000mile diameter zone finally creathe beasts, andand like crystallizes, nearly every other is life calcuearth, of the the zone order thetion of it result, a expands. substance, As man—parallels to of lated the diameter 1/2,000 be science."theorized by creationof of lakes ice floats the surface on

assistant of the earth."-Melvin professor associate R. Bienz, J. Frost,—Darrel State and rivers and acts an an insulatArizona State Uniprofessor Washington of geography,of horticulture,

versity. University. ing blanket to protect underlying

36 Era, January 1970 "And God said, Let there be light: and there

was light. And God

saw the light, that it was good: and God divided

the light from the darkness. And God called

the light Day, and the darkness he called Night...."

(Gen. 1:3-5.)

LDS

water, and aquatic life therein, carry negative electric charge. This atmosphere, carbon dioxide that

from freezing. As compared to negative charge attracts the posithe plants remove and make into

most liquids, it has a very high tively charged plant nutrients and sugars."—James A. Goss, associate

boiling point. If this were not so, prevents them from being leeched professor of biology, Kansas State Uniits vapors would saturate the out of the soil by percolating water. versity.

atmosphere and filter out the warm The soil also teems with micro- "The simple plant seed is an rays of the sun. Truly, no other organisms. These organisms serve

substance is so well adapted to the a useful purpose. They decompose enigma that has defied all speculation. For a living entity to code of living needs f. the litter that otherautumnal would things."—Philip

itself, its to condense, to suspend of soil professorLew, chemistry, Purdue wise eventually accumulate and

University. smother the plants that produce it. animation and then become anew,

"Consider the existence of water In the process, humus is added to astute."defies—Maxand L.frustratesSweat, Departmentthe mostof

in a liquid state: this condition is the soil to bind the particles into Obstetrics and Gynecology, University of

only possible under a rather small aggregates that permit the permeaUtah.

range of temperature from the tion of water and air."-Philip F. Low,

large temperature that ranges are versity.professor of soil chemistry, Purdue Unidesert"Considerplants.ourSurvivalsocalledof simplethese in the solar system,known and yet

life as we know it could not exist plants demands considerable heat without this liquid state."-David L. On Plants dissipation from leaves that can

Clark, professor of geology and geoaccomplish this easily. Large leaves

physics, University of Wisconsin. "If there were no plants and could not do it. But no one adapflowers, in less than a generation tive mechanism by itself enables

On Soil all oxygen would disappear in the a plant to withstand the tremenair and we would die. The only dously hostile conditions of a desert.

"Soil is more than a collection of reason oxygen exists in the air now Many features have to be closely inert particles and dead organic is because plants restore to the coordinated and balanced or failure matter. The soil contains, besides atmosphere oxygen that our bodies would result. The time of year a

the larger silt and sand grains that remove from it. This they do seed germinates (which is internally

constitute itsskeleton, clay partithrough photosynthesis, and even regulated by hot or cold temperacles, These particles are of subthe most noxious weeds help in ture or by inhibitors that must be microscopic size and, therefore, this way. Through photosynthesis, washed off the seeds by the 'right'

have an extremely large surface the plant also captures energy amount of rain or by abrasion by area per unit weight. Their surfaces from sunlight and puts it into the rocks in a stream bed), the rate of

attract water strongly. Consequentfood we eat. Our bodies, and all root growth into the soil, structures

ly, they keep the water that falls other living things, require a conthat absorb or retain water against as rain from draining beyond the tinuous source of energy to even loss, a bisected or small leaf strucreach of plant roots. But this is not survive, and this is the source. In ture, mechanisms for carrying out

all they do. Unlike most other fact, the chemicals that make up part of the photosynthetic carbon

mineral particles, clay particles are the food we eat are also derived dioxide fixation mechanisms at formed in such a way that they from the carbon dioxide of the night or in early morning, extra

38 Era, January 1970 "And God made the firmament, and divided the waters which were under the firmament from the waters which were above the firmament:

and it was so."

(Gen. 1:7.)

special coverings for leaves, ability The word cattle embraces a the sum basic phenomenon comto abscise leaves at the critical time bundle of miracles all the way mon to all living creatures is that to avoid death by complete Water from the ruminant physiology each fits perfectly within its loss, ability to cease or not start (which enables these animals to sphere.—Joseph Larsen, chairman of

new growth if conditions are not handle fibrous feeds that man the Department of Entomology, Univerright—these are only some of the would perish on) to the marvelous sity of Illinois.

features that usually need to be varieties of genotypes that have integrated into a single species for been called forth to adapt to man's "As I have closely observed and it to survive in the desert."-Arthur special needs in a variety of enworked with animals for many

Wallace, professor of plant nutrition, vironments, periods, and special years, I cannot help being imUniversity of California at Los Angeles. purposes. For example, the Scotch pressed with their individuality. I

Highland and other woolly breeds am convinced that a guiding handOn Moving Creatures have adapted to severe wind, cold, governed the creation of the ani- "Probably Moses mentioned and scant feed; the zebu breeds mal kingdom—some to rule over

only water fowl and whales becan stand heat, drought, and inothers and each having its place cause such living creatures were sects; the massive oxen have helped in the master plan."—Glen P. Lofthe only ones within the realm of man to cross vast wastes; the water green, animal nutritionist, University of

his personal experience or within buffalo and its work in the rice California at Davis.

the realm of the personal experipaddies help feed teeming millions ences of the translators. Most in India and the Orient; the AmeriOn the Plant and Animal

likely they lacked the words for can longhorn, king of the prairie Integrated System such things as phytoplankton, prowhen survival was a paramount tozoans, and periphytons. Readers virtue before modern husbandry "In recent years we have been

wouldn't have been much interpractices made bovine life secure; thinking of the biological community as an ecosystem, which is aested anyway. But in his wisand then the gentle dairy cow, fosis more ordom, Moses recorded 'every living ter mother of the human race (at name for a system that

creature that moveth.'This is least in America). Where would less selfsufficient, except for input

scientifically accurate, if 'moveth'we be without cattle?"-George E. of light and water. Plants and aniis interpreted to include such Staples, associate professor of veterinary mals are integrated in such a system

movements as respiration, feedmedicine, North Dakota State University. in a manner that all are interdeing, and so forth. It is now known pendent in fantastically complithat numerous varieties of microcated ways. Nutrients in manybial, plant, and animal life in the "One sees in the nervous system systems are limiting factors—nitrosea are as stationary as an apple of the lowliest fly to the most comgen, phosphorus, calcium, potastree. Many more varieties of maplex vertebrates an ordered precisium. Nutrients and combinations

rine animals are moved from place sion of structures that allows the of geochemical and biological cycles to place by the movements of perfect functioning of the nerves permit these elements to be circuwater, without any power or selfand passage of information from lated sufficiently for all levels of to a finely to the part another ecosystem be in of the body proone E. ZoBell,locomotion."—Claude proplants the intricate balance. over fibers system tuned The of Instituof microbiology, Scr/ppsfessor

tion of Oceanography. and synapses. It is apparent that vide food for one level of animals,

40 Era, January 1970 "And God made two great lights; the greater

light to rule the day, and the lesser light to rule the night: he made the

stars also."(Gen. 1:16.)

and they in turn for other animals. seding the greatest of machines; have some left over if we had as

The associated decomposition systo see the stars, earth, plants, animany phones as the brain has tems are the means of completing mals, and the ocean; to be curious connections."-w. M. Hess and D. J.

the circulation so that plants can about objects and happenings, and Weber, Department of Botany and Range continue production; otherwise the to contemplate God transcends all Science, Brigham Young University.

systems would stop, because nutripresent capabilities of man's mind ents would be stored in one set of for appropriate description and "In order to live in the world, man could not remain alone. He organisms, and even they would evaluation."—Max L Sweat, Departdie. These phenomena point out ment of Obstetrics and Gynecology, had to unite with other individuals.

the necessity of death to the type University of Utah. First his wife and then his children

of world that was created. The were bonded to him in a family

life of man is also contingent upon "Every individual enzyme, cell, unit. He joined others to create the death of other forms of life."and organ has a particular function great social institutions—the

—Arthur Wallace, professor of plant nufrom which it never deviates when church, school, government, econtrition, University of California at Los functioning properly. In addition, omy—that make it possible for

Angeles. most systems of the body have a man not only to subsist in the

'backup'or alternate path in case world but also to grow and develop

On Man of malfunction."-David M. Stuart, to his full potential on this earth.

"If it were not for the fact that professor of pharmacy, Ohio Northern In the Garden of Eden, God gave toe are alive and daily experiencing University. man rules by which to live. Later,

revealed principles other God tothe capabilities our wondrous of "In our estimation, were if it life. his organize These help mantabernacle blood, and of flesh it possible State to make the Empire to enabled avoid norms the man toivould that conceive be difficult

Building small enough to hold in chaos and disorganization thatsuch a being as ourselves could be the including your hand, palm of his lot have would without beenpossible. that Knowing we do exist

all radios, the teleelevators, of has to continued rules. Man make atthese marvelousand do possess

phone circuits, and so forth, it rules that he considered were intributes, it should not be difficult would still not match the complexthe best interests of peaceful sofor us to envision a loving Father who also has these and other attriity of a living cell at the molecular cial life."—James T. Duke, Departbutes that are developed beyond level. It takes billions of these cells ment of Sociology, Brigham Young Uniworking in harmony to make a huversity.that which we now possess."-Earl M.

Mortensen, Department of Chemistry, man body. Each second 30,000,000

Cleveland State University. protein molecules have to be asOn the Sabbath

sembled, and they have to be in "The meaning of the Sabbath for "To incorporate sixty trillion specific sequence. The body has the Lord is beyond my comprehenliving cells into the body and intethe best insulator and the strongest sion, for I would think that for him

grate them into systems that enknown material for its size in naall days are holy days, he being able him to see in perfect color ture. There are over ten billion holy. But that the Creator would

television; to compute motion, nerve cells in the brain. Three bilsanctify the seventh day for man

form, vision, and the higher senses lion people on earth could have and bid him to 'remember the sabin mathematical complexity superinterconnecting telephones and bath day, to keep it holy'is full

42 Era, January 1970 "And God called the dry land Earth.... And

God said, Let the earth bring forth grass, the herb yielding seed, and the fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind, whose seed is in itself, upon the earth:

and it was so."

(Gen. 1:1011.)

of meaning. Man in his earthly ultrastructural level, where nothing eternal laws that were established

struggle for survival must not forescapes the electron beam, it bein its creation continue. It is no

get his Creator. Neither should he comes more and more apparent wonder then, in retrospect, that

forget his relationship to the whole that there is perfect order in all new species continue to come forth of God's creations. Hence, the Sabof God's creations. In fact, so from the good earth; that is exactly

bath day gives man pause to reobvious is this to me that it is what the earth was designed to do.

member and to honor the fountain incomprehensible that God would The seasons, glaciers, volcanoes, of life and reminds him to be comcreate anything that did not have and earthquakes are all integral atpassionate toward his fellowmen order."—Joseph R. Larsen, chairman, tributes of the earth programmed to

and even the beasts of the field."Department of Entomology, University accomplish that for which it was

—Lowell L. Bennion, associate dean of of Illinois. created. Scientific discovery and

students, University of Utah.

"I am intrigued by the distinct holy writ are mutual witnesses of

On the Application of Order and harmony that exists between rethe same eternal truths. Science is

Law in the Universe vealed truth and all other truths not only harmonious with the gos- "We are taught from the scripdiscovered in our laboratories. Ap-—Howardpel—it isC. theStutz,veryprofessorheartof ofbotany,it."

tures that God is a God of order. parent discrepancies between scienBrigham Young University.

(Al. 42:22; D&C 88:3688, 42; D&C tific fact and revealed truth are only

93:30; D&C 130:2021 are only a reflections of our ignorance or mis- "The scriptural accounts of the

feio references.) He lives by laws interpretation. Although the scripCreation constantly emphasize that

and principles, for otherwise he tures were not written as books of the efforts of God moved the unicould not be God; his actions science, their messages are comverse in the direction of form and

would not be consistent. It is not pletely compatible with all scientific order. The account in Abraham

surprising, then, that God created discovery. God created a world uses the beautifully descriptive

this earth by an orderly process that that would do just what it is doing. word 'organized'to describe the

can be investigated by scientific The laws established and utilized process by which God effected the means. The Bible and the Pearl of in the creation process are as imCreation. The implication is that

Great Price give a broad outline mutable as God himself. Conseicithout the exertions of Deity, the

of the Creation that is in general quently, our discoveries concerning universe would slip inexorably agreement with our more detailed the world in which we live are exback into the formless void whence scientific knowledge of the earth's tractions from the very foundation it came. That this is the natural,

condensing from the existing gases, from which we came. Laws of unattended direction of all matter

followed by orderly developments genetics, thermodynamics, relativity is the one thing that the physical required to bring it into its present are the same today as always. sciences have probably proved in

habitable state where plant and Hence, any insight that we obtain most detail."-R. Owen Asplund, assoanimal life and finally man himself concerning our physical and biociate professor of chemistry, University of

might flourish."-Earl M. Mortensen, logical world is intrinsically an inWyoming.

Department of Chemistry, Cleveland State sight into the ways of God and into

University. the eternal laws established from "Abraham talks about 'plans'

the beginning. An earth prepared that had to be 'watched over'until

"As one studies the ordered perto bring forth grass must continue they 'obeyed.'The procedure probfection of God's creations at the in that same role so long as the ably required tremendous effort

44 Era, January 1970 "And God created great whales, and every living creature that moveth, which the waters brought forth abundantly, after their kind, and every winged fowl after his kind....

And God said, Let the earth bring forth the living creature after his kind, cattle, and creeping thing, and beast of the earth after his kind: and

it was so."(Gen. 1:21, 24.)

and even experimentation. It is not involved, insofar as either science Creation is brief and incomplete,

too difficult to read into these or religion has revealed. I am yet contains most of the essential

concepts that God dealt with certain that when the definitive steps. I find it impossible to benatural laws and that the steps in steps are elucidated by science, lieve that Old Testament prophets

creation involved, if not evolution they will in no way conflict with could have discovered the steps (which is a perfectly good word that which is, has been, or will be and placed them in proper sequence and may in part explain what haprevealed by prophets of God. In a without divine guidance. They

pened), development of a multiday when science has accomplished possessed no other means by which plicity of life forms as a result of and will continue to accomplish they could have accomplished such the adaptive and mutating mechmuch in terms of defining the laws a remarkable feat."-R. Grant Athay,

anisms built into original forms. of the universe and dealing, in some astrophysicist, High Altitude ObservaThe scriptures say that God said, degree, with them, it behooves the tory, Boulder, Colorado.

'Let the earth bring forth grass. intelligent and faithful man to

...'But when it came to man, the pass over seeming discrepancies be- "In a real sense, the Creation

Gods 'went down'and 'organized'tween views. Conflicts will only is an ongoing process occurring

man. The whole process of the exist where interpretation of the now; certain of the mechanisms

Creation is infinitely complex. truth is faulty."-Frank D. Allan, Deused in the 'first creation'are still

Ascribing the creative events to partment of Anatomy, George Washingoperating and make possible, by chance certainly is an ignorant ton University. recombination of genes that direct

superstition, and the very first the development of certain physiwords of the Bible set the stage "For those who quibble and get cal and mental traits, the infinite upset over the lack of revealed invariety of individuals. Thus, perfectly: 'In the beginning God.

formation the on when and how alike in are the main, of whereas men Wallace, professor of "—Arthur creation I sorry, for deeply am self unique physieach is his own nutrition,plant University of California

at Los Angeles. they have missed the whole point cally and mentally."—Frank D, Al-—God's approval of what haplan, professor of anatomy, George

"It is most gratifying to me to pened: 'It is good.'It is our Washington University.

realize that the basis of the science stewardship to see that all the of genetics, the orderly change in cycles—air, water, soil, ecological, "The Bible was not written as aliving matter from the simple to and so forth—remain good."book of science; therefore, it is notthe more complex, is similar to the—David A. White, assistant professor of surprising to find within it little

basis of my religion: eternal prozoology, Brigham Young University. reference to the physical laws of the

gression.—Darrel R. Bienz, associate earth. Less is mentioned about

professor of horticulture, Washington "Man, the supreme creation of astronomy, chemistry, mathematics,

State University. God, was commanded to use, but

and biology than about the eternal not abuse, all other creations. If

principles of faith, hope, charity,

Conviction and Testimony this principle is violated, future joy, compassion, and repentance. generations may not enjoy the

with Godgiven faculties Endowed

A. Ernexperimentation, docuthat permit Food "7 have no doubt that the Lord strom,blessingschairman,we haveDepartmenttoday."-C.of

created the heavens, earth, and all Sciences, Utah State University. mentation, and measurement, man

therein. I do have doubt as to our is capable of discovering some of

degree of knowledge of all the steps "The scriptural account of the the physical laws governing the

46 Era, January 1970 "And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness:

and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth."

(Gen. 1:26.)

earth, and it is quite clear that God conceived the plan, built the earth, "After centuries of accumulating intended that we should do so. But and put us here? Christ has a creaknowledge and purposeful effort,

the great eternal truths given tive genius never approached in man can now transplant a heart through the prophets by revelation our experience on this earth, and that functions for a while, and he are for the edification of all who certainly seldom appreciated by can send a man to the moon and will listen: 'Do unto others'; 'judge the children of men."—Merrill k. back via rocket. Should we remind

not'; 'though your sins be as scarlet'; Bradshaw, composerin-residence, Brigourselves that we cannot yet cure

'a contrite spirit'; 'blessed are the ham Young University. the common cold, that we cannot

meek."These concepts give direcyet duplicate the process of photo-

"In their roles as chief architect tion and hope and meaning far beand chief of operations, I see synthesis carried on by every simple yond anything that could ever Elohim and Jehovah as scientists leaf? Neither can we cure leprosyemanate from laboratories."our or raise the as our Elder dead

all in sense, operating in a supreme C. Stutz, professor—Howard of botany, did."Brother once Staples, E. -George spheres: biological, physical, andBrigham University. Young associate professor medicine, of veterinary

social. The careful planning, checkNorth Dakota State University.

ing of plans, and operationalizing "To examine, study, compare, of these plans involve principles "The pervasive and majestic learn fust a few of the truths of the and truths that overshadow not theme running through the creaheavens impels one to testify that only man's science, but also the tion story in Genesis, Chapter 1, is those heavens were created by an most farout constructs of his the repeated witness that it is the intelligent being whose knowledge imagination."-William W. Reeder, prowork of God. Mans concerns with

and power in any single area is fessor of sociology, Brigham Young Unithe details of how God did it should understandable to man, as he learns versity. never blind his vision to the over-

a few truths, but in its totality is arching biblical faith which declares the simplest living "Even orgabeyond our mortal conception."that 'the Lord by wisdom hath

is so fantastically associate Wardle, and beauti-—Norval J. professor of nism

founded the earth; by understandagriculture, Iowa State University. fully complex, so wonderfully

ing hath he established the heavens.

coordinated in its many functions,

By his knowledge the depths are "We stand amazed at the creathat the accomplishment of creatbroken up, and the clouds drop ing the highertive animals and mastery that at man was the comis down the dew.'virtually incomprehensible."-G. Fred of a Bach as hemand conceived

these believed "To whomsoever chairman, Department of Biology,such a masterpiece as the Saint Somers, is: 'So shall the words, promise University of Delaware.Matthew masterful Passion. The

soul, they life be unto thy and penetration of the materials of the "To tame the thermonuclear grace to thy neck. Then shalt thou

art, the profundity of expression, sun, pull a blade of grass from walk in thy way safely, and thy and the intricacy of structure repowdered rock, employ the blade foot shall not stumble. When thou

quires a vision granted to few as food and change it into the liest down thou shalt not be afraid:

mortal men. But what of Jehovah flesh and thoughts of man defies... For the Lord shall be thy confiall earthly L. metaphor."3:1920, (Prov. 22, 26.) dence:"—Max

of Obstetrics—theand thebreadthmasteryof ofhishisvisionconception?and the Sweat, Department associate L. dean and Bennion, of—Lowell

profundity of his expression as he Gynecology, University of Utah. students, University of Utah. O

BOOK SAVINGS

Illustrated by Don Young Free Books! Discounts!

YOURS WITH BEEHIVE BOOKCLUB:

1. Free booklet for joining!

"As a Man Thinketh!"

2. Free catalog of our books!

3. Free books for purchases!

4. Discounts on many books!

5. Free Postage! Monthly reviews!

(Sure way to build your library)

18 CHOICE BOOKS on the DOCTRINE & COVENANTS

5$ sim I JEs?*

Advent of Man By Randall L. Green

Man, son of God, inherently divine,

Prince consort, promised all the Father owns,

Potential heir through blood of royal line Latest book on Doctrine & Covenants:

To principalities, dominions, thrones,

With rapture donned a veil of flesh and bones (127) Prophecies & Prophetic Promises of

And left the glories of his native place, propheticD&C-RoystatementsDoxey $4.95from D&C(Summarizesand presents105

Exchanging golden streets for paths of stones them in 50 subject areas!)

On which to run, unshod, his second race, (37) Concordance to D&C-John Bluth 4.95

Complete the course, and earn his Father's gifts (43) D&C CommentarySmith & Sjodahl 4.95

of grace. (44) D&C & the FutureRoy Doxey 1.95

(45) D&C SpeaksRoy Doxey 5.95

(46) D&C Study QuestionsRoy Doxey 1.50

Thus, man embarked on mortal life and found (47) Doc. History of Church 7 vols. 4.50 ea.

The way not level and the road not straight, (83) Latterday Prophets & D&C4vols.4.95 ea.

But steep and rugged, over stony ground, (156) Teachings(Order Otherof D&C-Wm.Books in BerrettEra!) 3.75

Through mountainous terrain of vice and hate

And haunts where human hellhounds lay in wait.

Stepped forth this embryonic god to walk TJeehiVe bookclub

Upon the earth, and felt the gravel grate Salt626 Lake"H"St.City, Utah 84103

Beneath his naked feet; pain bid him balk

Lest he should rend his flesh upon the ragged rock. Please enroll me as a member and send me

FREE: "As a Man Thinketh!"I understand

But walk he must, and languish not, or die there is no minimum purchase; however I agree

And live forever banished from his home. topurchasereturn thethe "review"featurecard"book"eachformonththat month.or else

He with telestial element must vie For every $20 of nondiscounted books I will

To crush the quarry's crude satanic gnome receive a FREE BOOK! Enclosed is$

And turn the monolithic earth to loam. for(Postthepaid;followingadd 4V2%numberedsales taxbook(s):in Utah.)

And so, his own rough fiber, uncreate,

Must he refine while under heaven's dome Print Name.

And with progenitors must emulate Address

The infant attributes of God in him innate. City State, -ZipEra, January 1970 49

PRESS Buffs and Rebuffs r OESERET—NEWS PRESS ffl

Salt Lake City, Utah 84104 BC 1600 Empire Road

Cal1 (801) 4861892 B * Layout and Design Typography fsm

Phototypography Lithographic Offset

Letterpress 4-Color Process Separations

Bindery Shipping and Mailing Statement on LDS Youth

The November Era is amazing! It is so

far beyond the usual "good job, well that I only done"can that sevconclude <fA* eral staff of the dozen and contributors \ were inspired. Among the notable articles

and features, those by Drs. Truman G.

Madsen and G. Homer Durham especially 05i01How v&* appealed to me. But, of course, the article of most outstanding excellence was

"Premarital Sex—Never!"by the teenager

from Portales, New Mexico. Here is the

"now generation"not pulling any punches!

This is "telling it like it really is!"I agree

with the author's uncle: a professional

marriage counselor could not have preWEDDING INVITATIONS & ACCESSORIES sented the message with the impact that to person speaking he did, as a young ENGRAVED MERCOGRAPH MERCOTYPE

FIRST people. 100 FIRST FIRST young 100 t1Q<P I U. 7I UR $7.75$5.75—steel die 100—engraved Genuine M. Jensen plain (thermography) Lamont or paneled Printed on finest Raised letters

vellum wedding papers in sharp, beautiful and distinctive and a Engraving plate sent with your Salt Lake City clean new type faces. sincere value at this price. order. 15day delivery.

fine is a Era contribution November The 1 Art rendering of all L.D.S. all from of youth to youth ages. The NEW.

Temples for your wedding stationery attitude of Gregory Spencer Hill ("PreOver 60 styles from which to choose marital Sex—Never!") Rhodais excellent.Thurston

including all the elegant vellums Hyde Park, Utah and finest parchments in silver gray and beautiful pastels. Also The whole November Era was excellent

informals, enclosures, thank you inDurham'spresenting"Youth,youth today—from'Relevance,'G.andHomerthe.

notes, at home cards, napkins, Big University"to Dr. Kenneth Godfrey's

photo albums, L.D.S. wedding and Dr. Truman G. Madsen's articles on

books, and many accessories. LDS youth—and, of course, our peers

speaking themselves. Particularly intriOBDERGUARANTEED WITH COMPLETEOR REFUNDED.YOUR CONFIDENCE.MONEY WILL SATISFACTIONBE PROMPTLY guingarticle andin interestingdefense ofwastraditionalGregory Hill'sand AND CHEERFULLY

morality. toNew approaches ALLTISSUEDWEDDINGAND INSERTEDINVITATIONSINTO INSIDEAND ANNOUNCEMENTSENVELOPES. scriptural

morality are needed, ward encouraging and Brother Hill's article shows much

FREE Gifts with every order thought in such brief space.

Elder Scott S. Smith

FREE CATALOG Central German Mission and FREE The November issue is one of the best

Etiquette Wheel I'veing oneveryouth,seen. andThereit allis somereflectsgreata spiritwritor (50< if airmail re- I share deeply: these are my people, and

quested) credited on I'm proud of them. This statement on

is youth a worthy statement, and it your order. LDS

said. to be needed

Robert J. Morris

M E R C U R Y Name Ogden, Utah

PUBLISHING CO. Address.

139 EAST 3900 SOUTH SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84107 City. State. Zip 50

In our months of investigating the

Church, The Improvement Era answered so many questions and certainly was instrumental in explaining many gospel truths. I cannot say enough about your

wonderful magazine. Although we have

loved all of the issues of the Era, you have really outdone yourselves in your most recent issue on youth. Since my

husband and I were baptized a year ago, we have held positions in the MIA. We

heartily agree that the youth of Zion are an exceptional generation and are more capable than previous generations in handling the many complex issues of the world that we are faced with today, and are worthy of our confidence.

Mrs. Edward D. Marcucci

Brea, California

The Season Thereof

I have just finished reading "In the Seathrilled, I so [October]. am Thereof"son A Team \

story. for I the to thank you wantedand v Jr. JP*

theI believe not convert. I could a am

missionaries I would they told me when Esteem 45fe, ever than blessed morebe happy and before if I would join the Church. But

I never been baptized,since have I was Safeguards Your Savings life. began! Lifehappier whole in my

Like Randy (in the story), I attended

Church activities but did not feel part ofthem until I was baptized. Wherever I atDFS

the or meetattend Church meetings

Mexico), USA, Canada, Saints (Germany, Under the sound, careful and conservative guidance of the dedicated men

I feel at home. When I came to Canada who make up its Board of Directors, Deseret Federal is a strong and

I findin the not could Church 1967, as substantial financial institution with an enviable record of growth.

friends I I told wrote would. I was to my

in the USA. They sent me the Children's

I Era. the happy Oh,Friend and how M. CANNON H. TINGEY B. GEORGE A. CLARENCE I Friend, Children's First the readwas! Attorney Director, President, Director of Era, because often the not veryand

(I But trouble German).language am E. HUGH B. BROWN COCKAYNE WILLIAM D. T. B. GARFF C. MARK every read the I can read and Eranow Director Director Sr. VicePres. Director,page! First Presidency VicePresident Senior L.D.S. Church Chairman, Irene Doering L.D.S. Church Co. Sugar UtahIdaho Building Committee Ontario, Canada Wiarton,

What Can We Read? F. FRANKLINDirector J. MURDOCK G. FREDDirectorA. BAKER H. EMERSONVicePresidentL. HARDY

To Margreta Spencer of Safad, Israel Murdock Travel Bureau ViceChairman,Church Bldg. CommitteeL.D.S.

[October "Buffs and Rebuffs"] and the

MIA girls in her class and to all the youth following I this, ask the will readwho its in Never in the Dependability—all—Nowhere once? at cake the questions: eat inEarnings are savings Why Your Safety—failed to pay curhas history higher DFS is a States United it Fedtime? at a the try by small piece $15,000 a to not suredWhy its savers—and safe, to dividend on paid a rate interest rent Insurance Loan Savings eral & are their teacher girls and The MIA time. on savings. insured Corp. to read take doesn't a right—it month

the Era. But it can! Try getting up ten

earlier and reading morning each minutes CURRENT CURRENT 0) leaving INTEREST article just each day before one INTEREST Q

RATE RATE worry needn't or school. You for work

else getting would about the issue—who

of that hour? But a word want it warnONPASSBOOKINSURED ONSAVINGSINSURED

ing: the bus will not wait for you to finish SAVINGS CERTIFICATES

find out an article. Don't the hard way! MINIMUM AMOUNT $1,000 Jackson Larry

Salt Lake City, Utah No matter where you live, you can Save by Mail. Deseret Federal pays the postage,

I have just read the October "Buffs."I

agree with Margreta Spencer; I too have

failed to find reading material in fiction that is fit to read. I believe there are

plenty of Latterday Saint writers available who could pool their writings into books to fill this need. mSERETFEDERAL

M. Faux Elva SAVINGS&LOANASSW

President H. Tingey. Clarence California m San Francisco,

No, University Ave. Provo Lake City 95 Main St. Salt 44 South

Era, January 1970 51 64 Years Safe—$40Million Dollars Strong!

TARE THE NEXT STEP.

TheseTimes TOGETHER

.gentle walk and some serious talk

about the great financial and personal rewards of a business of your own, a

JER MARAI Distributorship. It could

be the most successful step you've ever taken. It's worth looking into, isn't it?

Jep (Dopoi 16203 WARD WAY CITY OF INDUSTRY Illustrated by Don Young

CALIFORNIA, 91745 By Dr. G. Homer Durham

Commissioner and Executive Officer, Utah System of Higher Education

We would like to know more about a President Richard M. Nixon is Mr. Johnson came to the presiJER MARAI Distributorship not the first American President to dency with outstanding experience

see pickets and demonstrators in party and legislative politics.

Name congregate outside the White He had mastered the rules of the

House fence. Nor is he the first game. As the game was played in

Address to be "confronted"with the massAmerica since the time of Woodrow

City ing together of bodies, as well as Wilson, few were more adept and ideas, in various parts of the naskillful. Television added a new

State Zip tion. Lyndon B. Johnson had a full dimension after World War II, but

Phone share of this. Mr. Johnson surmounted this

IE 1-70 change, as well as the techniques polls.of opinion But

presidency,during the Johnson somehow, only 2 malor the nature of the game changed especially in executive and administrative politics. And in the companies

state of Wisconsin, the very legislature subjected and was occupied a sitinto During in 1969. the offer reduced

autumn of the same year, Judge in federal courtroomHoffman's rates for to what, subjectedChicago was for want of a better term, can only politics.be called here new

for authority Willingness to do men who don't its job at its selfdetermined rate of speed and intensity is no longerrecognized by some persons. smoke cigarettes

religion, ofPriests, ministers pro-...and the other onefessors, leaders, labor students,

club women, artists, and actors are offers it on only among those who, on occasion, one policy!

choose to place their bodies in picket lines, parks, administrative

Mutual the only the first and Phoenix remains wasoffices, and other places, to make life insurance major company to do it: premium

their particular wants known. One reductions on a broad line of life insurance policies—

university president of my acin all—for men who haven't smoked cigarettes for at

quaintance, recalling the Curia least a year and who meet our height/weight

Regis of the Norman kings of requirements.

England, considered discontinuing The savings can be substantial—and with a company

all personal appointments with already noted for its low net cost to policyholders.

persons in his office. Instead, he

considered sitting daily, in a commodious board room, perhaps with Use the coupon below for more information.

an aide or two, to hear and listen to any and all grievances and protests that might come forward.

The "trouble makers,"he said, reDuane C. Hunsaker, Brokerage Manager

fused to "go through channels"Phoenix Mutual Life Insurance Company Phoenixto take matters up with the student 712 Kearns Building

MutualFt INSURANCE COMPANYor faculty representative organs. Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

They seemed to insist on "seeing the president."So the president, Member, Hie Phoenix Companies

at last report, was seriously conPlease tell me more about your lower rates for NonSmokers.

sidering abandoning his old office methods. Instead, the thought

came to announce that all comers could come daily between 10:00

and noon to his board room. ADDRESS

The only thing wrong withthat possibilitysolution lay in the that CITYif the president were to announce such a system, openly hearing and

Era, January 1970 53 NOW!

SALTZiLAKE OJVICOTTONWOOD OGDENI listening daily, from 10 to 12, then, alas, the "trouble makers"would probably arrive at five minutes to 12, fill the room, and sit down in the doorway. Then the

dissidents either would have to accept the rules of the game or, authority thus challenged, would have to see to it that the doorway YOU CAN was cleared.

LIVE IN humanLargebeingsgroupscannotor smallexistgroupswithoutof

SALT LAKE CITY lawInanda democraticresponsible society,authority.charat the acterizedparticipationby inopenrulemaking,elections andthe

nonobservance, nullification, or disregard of the rules changes the NEWHOUSE nature of the game. Resort to

Center of City force follows, generally.

Overnight and Residential President Nixon has been

Free Parking Family Rooms through a great many political conDaily from $8.00 tests. Like many mayors, college

presidents, selective service officers, officials at city halls, and MONTHLY RATE other representative "authorities,"greatest selection President Nixon is confronted with TWO PANT $190.00 prospects of disquiet and -unrest

WOOL SHARKSKIN PRIVATE ROOM—BATH based on the Vietnam war. In

ALL MEALS and SERVICES November 1969, in a nationwide

SUITS—MAIL FOR DETAILS—television appeal, he attempted to

designed and tailored enlist public support for his efforts

NEWHOUSE expressly for missionaries 4th South and Main to conclude the conflict, and to

Wisest choice for young men Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 override the efforts of those who who need a perfect appearName would have nothing short of "inof and miles ance—extra stant withdrawal."He stated that of a Tailored strong wear!

twoply wool with two pair Address he would not be moved by minorof pants 97.50 ities who took to the streets.

other models from 79.95 Who will outtalk the talkers,

ZCMI MEN'S CLOTHINGall stores Print Name and Address outwalk the walkers, by remaining steadfast at old duties, at old posts dear to the old order, and, with

USE e Improvement Era, 79 South State, Salt Lake City Utah 84111 smiling calm, sympathetic deTHIS Please enter a year subscription to The Improvement Era for meanor, consent to the massing of

COUPON Name bodies and demonstrations (peaceJress ful, it is hoped) of those with disRENEW turbed feelings? Or will there be

City State Zip YOUR countermarches in the streets, and

ERA (Check one) Give credit for this subscription to conflict?

This is a renewal Q Ward or Branch A society has to be strong,

ORDER This is a gift Stake or Mission durable, tough, and resilient, as

If gift, also give name and address of donor. well as tolerant, to live with freeFOR Iyear years gy years dom. Sometimes it may be better

Name $3.00. $5.75 0$8.25

FRIEND Jress Add $2.50 for each additional year

54 Era, January 1970 to sit quietly and think before acttributed among sects and groups taneously to "peaceful protest"?

ing, rather than standing up, being that existed prior to 1820 or found "Or else"?

counted, and charging headlong in groups that did exercise the This issue, the relationships beinto something. If civilizations have right to dissent, to proclaim, to tween deliberate thought and delearned anything, it is that private advocate, to organize, and to liberate action, or between deliberrights and personal liberties are proselyte. It is also well to reate thought or unthought, and the

easily trampled upon by mobs. It member that the lives of Joseph desire for instantaneous "action,"

has also appeared true that large and Hyrum Smith were terminated may well be the greatest political crowds of human beings, crowding at the hands of those who took the challenge American leadership has into too little space, can somelaw into their hands, by some who ever faced. But the President does

times become dangerous mobs. A were unwilling to let the game be does not face it alone. The new

"peaceful"demonstration can beplayed according to the rules. politics, so called, confront all

come a confused and disorderly Of one thing, everyone in the members of all societies maintainarena where even individual brute world should be assured. The Presing freedom of thought, freedom of

strength may be smothered by ident of the United States is advocacy, organization, and prosesheer mass. thinking before acting. He is thinklyting. The Lord sends rain on the

The right to dissent, to proclaim, ing very hard indeed. Is there unjust with the just. Freedom's

to advocate, to organize, and to enough vitality remaining in the streets are open to both good and proselyte is especially dear to "old politics"to think and ponill. It will take more and more remembers of The Church of Jesus der with him? Or has the vitalsponsible restraint on everyone's

Christ of Latterday Saints. Were ity and initiative of political action part to keep the traffic moving,

such rights not available and genpassed to those who appear to open, and peaceful. New politics

erally respected, this magazine want that complex leviathan, the are not Mr. Nixon's, city hall's, nor

might never have appeared, and state, its many divergent groups the college president's problems its readers could have been disand thinkers, to respond instanalone. o

THE LEADING L.D.S. FUNERAL DIRECTORS OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA

arservice personally Every L.D.S.

P. Randall Melvin directed supervised and by Mgr,LowellSanJ. GabrielCampbellUnit L.D.S. Manager, Department ranged,

2941025 these leading L.D.S. Funeral Directors. 2830023 2870595

A staff of 12 competent L.D.S.

men and women to assist you.

Regardless of where you own cemetery property, call Pierce Brothers for "THE PERFECT TRIBUTE"Los Angeles, Phone 213749-4151

... More Latterday MM Saint families call

Wallace R. Reid Donald E. Baxter

Associate Associate pierceiibrpthers21 CONVENIENT NEIGHBORHOOD MORTUARIES 2849817 8383956

ENGLISH Time to publish COX'S DEL/COUS IS YOUR your book? HOLDINGI have helped thousandsYOUof menBACK?and women

English of poor the handicap to overcome CreamedHomy speakers, effective to become and conversationalists. of the best in the U.S. newwriters, With my and We publish religious, academic and one

general books to exacting professional Method you can stop making mistakes,C.I.

speed up your your vocabulary, build up learn the writing skill, develop reading, standards—within four months!

only 15 of conversation. Takes "secrets"sales, Expert for adoptions. promotion Costs in home. your a own minutes day GIFT A SPECIALTY BOXES todayl (Be Or write littlet coupon Send Free: subjects manuscripts Send any on

its flavor for quality famous zip code.) and include to your sure { for editorial, cost marketing apand (Write Institute Balancer, Career Don FREE BOOKLETS for 2 praisals. for helpful booklets. Write Free Brochure) Illinois Mundelein, 16950, Dept. 60060

Address Exposition Press, Dept 705A, COX HONEY FARMS Please mail me your 2 FREE booklets on English.

50 Jericho Turnpike, Jericho, N.Y. Shelley, Idaho 83274 Name

11753. Address

City. State Zip,j/*%- Hack

Miller Reports For All Good Sports

That's why sportsmen and sports fans follow Hack Miller daily in the Deseret News.

From the fields, streams and athletic teams, Hack Miller reports the "on - thescene"action. Hack

Miller's sport report is another popular feature in your DESERET NEWS

Year's Food Supply $129.95 (Plus Tax on Utah Sales) 11 Same Size Prepacked Cases #10 cans—Low Moisture Foods Abraham the Missionary: The Book

4 Fruits, 6 Grains, 3 Protein Foods, of Abraham refers specifically to Abra- 8 Vegetables plus Juices and Desserts. ham's work as a missionary. "I... was

Balanced Food Supply in convenientto- sixty and two years old when I deis scientificallystore cartons prepared parted out of I Haran. took Sarai, And

fill of nutritional pertheto needs one I to took I wife in when was full 4-6 whom for or of a family yearson one. the Ur souls and that had we wonthree months.

... in Haran.. and in tents dwelt as we will inPick Salt or ship Lake up we came on our way."2:14f. Italics (Abr.freight collect. shipping weight Gross

added.) The corresponding Bible text365 lbs.

ymmit'&y:-: xX-';m;;: ',::-:'-; reads: "Abram was seventy and five

years old when he departed out ofPERMAPAK Haran. And Abram took Sarai his wife,

his and Lot brother's son, all their and special session Salt East South, Lake City, 2430#40 substance that they gathered, had andUtah 841 (801)4869671 15Phone [lit, the souls living things] they had slipperPlease me: send [lit., gotten in made] Haran."(Gen.

Year's ea. Supply $129.95 @ with kid white Smooth 12:4-5.) "living puzzling things The Trail $3.95 PakU—Food white sole heel. and they Cominterpreted had the made"was by is(My enclosed) order check/money

Free catalogs: fortable cushionknit lining. Rabbis exactly as it stands in the Book

Food Storage Plan In 6-10 narrow; 4V210 of Abraham, the Midrash explaining

it the people in converted means Survival Kit and CampingD medium. rfc that 217 Haran. It goes further to exeven Plan Discounts/FundRaising Group

plain that when we are told thatName Abraham "called upon the name of the ZCMI FASHION SHOESall storesAddress

City State...Zip..

IE 1/70 Price A NewLook at the Pearl of Great

Part 9 (Continued)

Setting the Stage:

TheWorld ofAbraham By Dr. Hugh Nibley

Lord"in Sechem, it means that "he Abraham into trouble in the first place between men, since all alike were summoned the people to the name,—they "hearkened not unto my voice, without the faith, and to convert a soul

i.e., began to preach the Gospel to them but endeavored to take away my was to give it a new life and a new

and convert them."(Midr. Rab. 39:16.) life...."(Abr. 1:7.) The oldest tradibeing: "One who brings a foreigner

According to the Sefer haYashar, "the tions agree with this: "Abraham having near and makes a proselyte of him is

people of the land of Haran saw that overcome them by argument, the king as if he created him."224 Hence "it is

A'bram was good and just towards God wanted to put him to death; but thanks Abraham the missionary who makes

and man.... Men from among the to a miracle, he removed to Haran, brothers of all the world; who abolinhabitants of the land of Haran came where he began to declare unto the ishes the differences between the nato him, and attached themselves to multitude with a loud voice."221 Abrations and races.... In his hand God

him, and he taught them the discipline ham, says a famous passage in the placed the power to bless all the world:

of the Lord and his ways."218 As he Midrash (39:2, 14), was at home like this blessing descended to the Patrimoved on his way, "each altar raised a vessel of precious perfume lying archs and the priesthood."225

by him was a centre of activities as a tightly closed in a corner: God wanted This missionary concept is not a

missionary,"he and Sarah diligently the precious fragrance as widely dismodern one. It is interesting that in

preaching and making proselytes wherseminated as possible, and so he said to Abraham's time Canaan and Egypt ever they pitched their tents. 219 "AbraAbraham: "Travel from place to place, were the scene of extensive missionary

ham converted the men,"according to and thy name will become great in the activities propagandizing for various the Midrash (39:14), "and Sarah the world."Thus from the outset Abradeities, 226 and it may have been for

women,"and there was a tradition that ham was "the archtypal evangelist... that, among other reasons, that Abra-

"all proselytes and heathen are the whose reputation becomes suffused by ham's mission at the time won very descendants"of the infants of pagan his travels as a vessel of ointment suffew converts. 227

mothers, whom Sarah nursed. 220 fuses."222 Himself "the archproselyte,"Abraham and the Dead: One of the

The Book of Abraham clearly states he became "the Father of all Prosemost remarkable manifestations of that it was his preaching that got lytes."223 He made no distinction Abraham's universal concern for man

Era, January 1970 57 KodakFOm is seen in his championing of those another form of the promise that what DEVELOPING sinners who have died without reis bound and loosed on earth is bound demption. As everyone knows, the poor and loosed in heaven. Abraham and

man in the story of Lazarus and Dives Michael fell on their knees together was seen resting in Abraham's bosom. when they were shown the broad and

This is because the Jews believed that the narrow gates of which the LordSAVES50X he was in special charge of the spirits speaks in the New Testament, and

FAST, CONVENIENT judgmentbetween theandtimeresurrection.of death "Lazarusand the prayedmight yeton behalfenter intoof thesalvation.dead that234theyIn

QUALITY SERVICE washam takenhad togone,"the paradisewrites wherea modernAbraanswerangel tototaketheirtheprayer,spirits Godto ansentinteran

Catholic scholar, "and where he remediate place, Paradise, upon which

COLOR joicedthe poorwhilecelebrateawaitingwith thehimGreatthere Day;in a Abrahamfor his boundlessrejoicedmercy.and 235praisedA signifiGod

K0DAC0L0R willplace goof tohonor.the sameSo paradise,the penitentwhichthiefis cantaccountsaspectis theof waythese Abrahamotherworldlyand

Developing and Jumbo Prints not heaven, but a place where certain Enoch can trade places—even as they

8 Exposure Rolls:... $2.55 Save 77< spirits await the resurrection and the do in the Pearl of Great Price. There,

12 Exposure Rolls:.. $3.00 Save $1.48 judgment."228 Whether the Christian it is Enoch who makes the great appeal

Reprints from NegS:. $.20 ea. Save 9< world wants to believe this or not, it for the sinners, while he in turn is

was, according to this scholar, certainly merely following the example of a

KODACHROME or EKTACHROME thealike "currentby Jesusmythicaland theconcept"peopleheldhe higherIn theone.Jewish(Moses traditions7:39.) Abraham

Developed into Slides or Movie Film taught. 228 The old idea that it is claims the right of taking the place of

sitting at power the does all in his Abel in and to both Enoch Abraham who n 35 mm, 20 Mounted Slides:

spirit in his disrescue every of gate to unredeemed those examine his own $1.35 Save 90

35 mm, 36 Mounted Slides: great concern for the welfare of the pensation who received the covenant

$2.40 Save $1.20 whole human race is actually very old from him. 236 In the shorter version of

Super 8 Cartridge or 8 mm Movie Roll: and, according to K. Kohler, "has not the Apocalypse of Abraham it is Enoch

or of $1.35 Save75< a Christian tinge of either keeps the records by the side of late who

it."229 stands Abraham, Rabbinical color about Abel the Judge, while Abraham

BLACK & WHITE accordingthe souls ofto thethe wickedtradition,whofearfuldied forin forbeforeeachthemspirit.to237plead"Abraham'sas an advocatebosom"

Developing and Jumbo Prints his generation, proposed to Michael, has been interpreted by the Rabbis as who has charge of all the dead,, that "a euphemism indicating the sign of 8 Exposure Rolls $.85 Save 51 two of them unite their faith in prayer circumcision,"the sign that each of

12 Exposure Rolls $1.00 Save 880 and supplication to the Lord in behalf his children has received the covenant,

20 Exposure Rolls $1.35 Save $1.45 of those spirits. 230 For he had beheld that is, the assurance that he will give

36 Exposure Rolls $2.00 Save $2.72 their miserable state in a vision, and them his comfort and support in the

wept at the sight, and said, "I had hereafter. 238 In the ecstatic manner of

GENEALOGY PHOTOS hopedthey wouldthat theynotwouldgive comeme theirto me;love,but theSea ThanksgivingScrolls, the authorHymnsofofa theMidrashDead

Negatives from old photos: but rather praised alien things and (Midr. Ps. 40:4) bursts into songs of

$.60 Save 40c clung to things which did not belong praise when he contemplates "the

Prints from negatives: $.08 Save 4? to them,"i.e., the things of this wondrous works and the thought (the

world. 231 He asks Abel, the great judge, Plan) Thou didst conceive, by which

VALUABLE COUPON SAVE UP TO $1.50 whether there is anything he can do to Abraham chose the yoke of the king-

"in the for sake, spirits for that himself, remain our the which help doms |"OR COLOR 5x7 |%.. final judglife. possess in the state"the awaiting world might middle we WHITE & BLACK Pklftp that the is to informed come."he and ment, I La ENLARGEMENT Ilk be cannot traditional to will according In save Judaism, them that work

roll with or Black of Kodacolor each & White at all of Kohler, K. comes of "the Abrathe "until power main Judge done Film for developing. sent

is in his intercession constant end of time and decides their ham"This coupon must accompany order. the 232 spirits fate."for the have passed on and who

INSTRUCTIONS: Place your film and remittance Though proper "work for the dead"are awaiting the judgment in another

in a heavy duty envelope. No. C.O.D.'s please. was only to come with the Messiah, world; and this is considered "a specipost- return $1.00. order: pay Minimum We it surely that assured of the type Father Abraof work was men"Abraham

for unprintable full credit any age. receive You entered "after prayers having that his do and come, on would ham will residents Utah or negatives any overpayment.

add 3V2% State Sales Tax. behalf of the dead would in time be Paradise. He will always be milakh

"answered. "Abraham's activity did not melitz (the intercessor); on this idea

NAME (PLEASE PRINT) cease with his death, and as he interthe Kaddish or Prayers for the dead is the great so will sinners, for in this ceded world Abraham rests—that ADDRESS '

of the dead."in for to 239 Because intercede champion of the world he them

CITY STATE ZIP come. On that day he will sit at the this work, each soul at the resurrection

Check if you want Film Mailer Envelopes at no gate of hell, and he will not suffer will be given a personal interview by charge those who kept the law of circumone who will "effect a Tiqun for him,..."240 YOU MUST BE SATISFIED OR YOUR cision to enter herein."233 At once we pray for him, and uplift him.

Reick has argued Recently the Theodor of "the of Hell"and Gates MONEY WILL BE PROMPTLY REFUNDED think is the survival to Peter, the that other the Kaddish Rock; of an promise

MAIL TODAY TO indeed, Genesis 12:3 might be taken as old "ancestor worship and devotion to

SAM'S PHOTO LAB P.O. Box 1115. Dept. 2. Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 58

FOR OLDFASHIONED HEALTH GIVING GOODNESS the dead,"which was actually supAbraham seems to be regaining the "CORONA"in prophets, but matchlesspressed esteem and the was which he by Moses once GRAIN MILL doctors, Israel called in heldhas Jewish by the whenever was emerged who for use with faithclose the greatest of Egypt,particularly "Arba, the contact with him f 5fS corn, wheat, nuts, C"ful,"248 felt perfect saddiq "thefor "they emotional mental tamim, an and etc. Easily adjusts

241 first first for fine coarseaffinity or of proselyte, his one,"249 Egyptians."the the with That

1 grinding. CTSP New to follow generation brought withheld fromMoses God, who many teachings

finer mill with model to of eye the thethe near God, but it is wellknown, was Jews not man plates grinding $10.95

... saintly teachings world, 250 "the Egyptian, East those [who]because of postpaid. were man

Rockies $1.00 add Because the creation because of man.but they were not ready to justifies

Finer grinding postage.

is vindicated."is thereceive them. of him, man 251 He 1 plates for old Thus Abraham remains throughout first and greatest of those "whose coinmill $1.95 set postpaid.C

eternity preeminently the friend of age is current in the entire world,"252 Add 4V2% sales tax in Utah.

man, the kind father, husband, and who colonized the world for God, so "Special"quantity prices to church groups.

selfeffacinghost, earnest "before advothe that whereas the Lord and Abraham HOME SIZE STONE GROUND cate, rescue worker, the zealous only, the with the king of heaven was missionary, and finally the devoted Abraham he became the king of FLOUR MILLS worker for the dead. In this last capaHeaven and Earth."253 "Abraham encity he is concerned as ever that the tered into the covenant on which the

weak and helpless shall not be negworld is based,"says the Zohar (Lech lected; for as he checks the signs and Lecha 91b), "and thus the world was

tokens of those Israelites who come to firmly established for his sake."There

him at the gate, he will take away those was a Hasidic teaching that "man is which the wicked and unworthy have possessed of a ghost, a spirit, and a soul received and give them to those poor in this order of importance"and that souls, especially children, who died "Abraham is the ghost of Israel; Moses

without receiving them. 242 Plainly we his spirit, and the Messiah, his soul."254

have to do here with a tradition dealing When at the Council in Heaven serious with what the Latterday Saints call doubts were expressed as to the wis- "work for the dead."This leads us to dom of creating the world, because o!

consideration of the broader subject of all the wickedness that would fill it, in his ordinances, the of which the and view fewAbraham and Abraham flour! your Eat your Grind... own

altar, of the historythe righteous the on descendants determined Abraham All Grain with health better to an way ". in the figures so prominently thewhich deciding vote: world.. forthwith prices! mill. at flour low new Now

255 AilGrain mill a of and his with for takes on sake."every established new Abraham, Free CoronaBook was

startling significance. Through his progeny and his missionmill sold. Write now for more inforAbraham and the Ordinance worldary workfor "Abrahamus, like a personunitedwhothe sewswholea mation. Send orders to:

The New Abraham: Today, with the torn garment together."(Midr. Rab. SMITHFIELD IMPLEMENT CO.

study of newly found documents that Gen. 39:3.) Abraham, Adam, Noah, 99 N. Main Smithfield, Utah 84335

give a wholly new perspective on the i.e., the fathers of the great dispensaearly Jewish and Christian religions, tions and their faithful descendants,

the importance of Abraham has sudare the real "kernel"of the human race;

denly become enormously enhanced. all the others are merely the "shell"Whereas the conventional Jewish view of mankind. 256 ARE YOU

has been that "of only one mortal "The figure of Abraham today is enbeing, Moses, does Holy Scripture state joying great favor,"writes'E. Jacob.that God spoke to him face to face... "History and faith, returning to their MOVING?

with all other prophets... the Deity sources, regard him as their father.

speaks in dreams, in visions, in ridScholars are searching for the real dles,"243 today we are told that the Abraham as never before."257 The To be sure you won't miss any

covenant made with Moses on Sinai great appeal of Abraham, he points out, copies of the ERA, please notify us was "but the fulfilment of the covenant is the way in which he unites all men at least 30 days in advance. Send

ZIP (including 258 address new is of your religion love. the of in a which with Abraham,"The mottomade

label from plus the address code), Israel life for of of thetrue the the Institutum "foundation Judaicum new it) of (or last a copy issue your it hitherto ofever since."244 Jewish, Christian, has combining and Whereas code address and former the with

that for "everyone studies granted taken at Tueand interestsbeen Moslem it first that bingen is was Mosesknows who "Abraham Our Father."259 numbersment Era,on 79it, Southto The StateImproveSt.,

knew the Eternal One,"245 we now If Abraham is now being hailed as "the Salt Lake City, Utah 84111.

learn that "Abraham and not Moses most pivotal and strategic man in the was the founder of Israel's monocourse of world history,"260 the vinditheism.... God is always described cation for such an apparently extravaas the God of Abraham, Isaac and gant claim is found in the Book of

Jacob,"not of Moses. 246 The covenant Abraham: "... for as many as receive

of the B'nai B'rith is today considered this Gospel shall be called after thy to be "the covenant that God made name, and shall be accounted thy seed, with Abraham, the first Jew, and afterand shall rise up and bless thee, as GENEALOGISTS wards renewed with Moses... the their father... and in thee (that is, in Free catalog of over 300 items. Xerox copy

central and deathless theme and conthy Priesthood) and in thy seed (that ing 5c each. Genealogy pictures copied 30c

stitution of Judaism."247 is, thy Priesthood)... and in thy seed (each additional copy 5c). Mail orders

welcomed.

STEVENSON'S GENEALOGICAL CENTER Era, January 1970 59 230 West 1230 North, Provo, Utah 84601

For You atLDS after thee (that is to say, the literal God and Abraham,"a modern scholar

Business seed,the familiesor the seedof theof theearthbody)be shallblessed,all tellsspite ofus, the". form.. weof mustthe words]not thinkof verbal[in

even with the blessings of the Gospel speech, but rather of such intercourse

College.ll...Italicseven added.)of life eternal."(Abr. 2: luspiritualas with menuniformitarianism,now."270 Againststudentsthis

Most surprising is the way in which are now realizing that the whole value certain Roman Catholic writers are of the Abraham story is that it does now giving Abraham priority over not deal with ordinary occurrences

Peter himself as "the Rock."This goes it is completely removed from the

back to an old Jewish tradition that world of everyday experiences. Learned

"when God sought to create the world rabbis now confess that they "cannot... when he saw Abraham who was to imagine the divine nature of the whole

arise, he said, 'Now I have a rock... in any other sense than of Rabbi

(petra) on which to build and estabNobel's powerful... sermon of God's

lish the world. For this reason he appearing before Abraham's tent: 'And

called Abraham a rock."261 And just God appeared to Abraham... and he

lifted his eyes as fugitive the behold: three nothand became Abraham

271 distasteful ing the men.'"the less than However... which Rock on

CAREER TRAINING entire House of Israel was founded, literalism may be to the schoolmen,suchE.

Professional Business "just so the outcast Peter became the L. Cherbonnier points out, the Old TesCourses in 6 to 18 months foundation of the New House of tament allows us no way out of it, for

Israel."262 Today Roman Catholics not there man is seen to "share the same

FASHION MERCHANDISING only write about "Thou art Abraham, kind of existence which God himself

SECRETARIAL SCIENCE and upon this rock,"263 but see in enjoys. To learn this is like learning

Abraham a figure of the Messiah who that one has won the sweepstakes. It COMPUTER TECHNOLOGY comes "to establish the Kingdom of made the Israelite cry, 'Hallelujah!'"m

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION God on earth,"264 who is more than a Abraham's epithet, "the friend of mere anticipation of the Kingdom, as God,"suggests both intimacy and

MARKETING other prophets are, but actually "reequality. When he pleads for his felSPIRITUAL GROWTH himself,capitulates"focusingall ofallIsrael'sthe pasthistoryand fuin lowdefy sinners,God, as Abrahamwhen he asksalmosthim,seems"If youto

Ward on Campus, LDS ture in his person, being a restorer as put evil into the heart of men, why

Standards, are S. figure, FullTime well as a a they with you angry them when founder—such

Institute Program evil?"Cavalletti concludes, strange only a do be dialogues can 273 These

SOCIAL ACTIVITIES messiah.Along 265with the mounting prestige withish traditionGod thatformstill reverberatean importantin Jewpart

Lambda Delta Sigma of Abraham goes the growing feeling of the Pearl of Great Price, in which

Sigma Gamma Chi that something very especially Moses, there was special, Abraham, and Enoch

Clubs, Dances LDSSA something the wondermost of the state discuss with strange and Lord ful, in his relationship with God. The man and God's dealings with him. It

FOR A FREECATALOG WRITE faceto-face conversation in Genesis 18 is interesting, since J. M. Ford sugis strange,"as it gests magnificent is "as that 16:1619 Matthew "may The Dean of Students

strangest writes A. thing have an Aramaic Parrot. 266 The go background"and

of all is the way in which God seems back to "Biblical and nonBiblical to talk to Abraham on an equal footmaterial concerning Abraham,"274 that ing, as one man to another. (Midr. Ps. the Lord tells Enoch in the Pearl of

18:22.) This suggests to Sol Schechter Great Price: "I am Messiah, the King

what he calls "a sort of Imitatio of Zion, the Rock of Heaven, which is hominis on the part of God. He acts broad as eternity; whoso cometh in at

411 East South Temple as best man at the wedding of Adam. the gate and climbeth up by me shall

Salt Lake City, Utah 84111... He visits Abraham on his sicknever fall."(Moses 7:53. Italics

bed."267 "To Abraham God appeared in added.) Another significant parallel is

the form of men,"says Maimonides, when Abraham, faced with a hard "but to Lot, whose faculties were assignment, said in his heart: "Thou

feeble, in they appeared of didst the form thine angel to deliver send me angels."of opposed one was more gods from the Elkenah, 268 No and I will

to any form of anthropomorphism than do well to hearken to thy voice"(Abr.

Maimonides, and one cannot help 2:13); for in the newly discovered

asking, to of the which two men, Genesis Apocryphon, when Abraham 32this amazing See how or Lot, would be more is being God the confronted with same to Abraham holds the key book page your greatest success as a parent. likely to appear as he really is? It task, "God reminds Abraham of all the

habits in children of harmful causes toPoints remove the way of would be hard to find a clearer, more favors which He has granted him while helping obedience If cheerful prompt,all you ages. want

your child advance in every way—send for Free Booklet now. unequivocal statement than Genesis since the departure from Haran, and

Parents Association, Dept. 1971, Pleasant Hill, Ohio. 45339. 18:8: "... and he stood by them under then promises him His protection in

275 tree, the. eat"; yet did the they and future."in the he when And was IN STEREO doctors in always sindeclared have a undertaking about undoubt the INDIAN RECORD ALBUMS

eat, gle since that voice did they not his circumcision, business pleasant of Original of the Lamanites music 260 are beings immaterial. heavenly 12 friend said to did Songs Go My Son Mamre him, "When—

14 From Songs the Eagle's Bed—"When we read of intercourse between He not stand by you—in the fiery

for each $4.50 2 $8.50

Blue Eagle Records Box 330 University Station Provo. Utah 84601 60

Show Uncut Version furnace, in famine, and in your war come. 2 * 3 This is in perfect agreement

against the kings? Will you not obey with the declaration at the opening of

that in this Abraham's Book of matter?"Abraham then 270 Herehim we the

fallen ancestors is also tradition immediate that had a single away ohave reported in the Book of Abraham, from "the order established by the though Joseph Smith could have known fathers in the first generations, in the lotion pictures from the nothing of it. Though intimate meetdays of the first patriarchal reign."nine BYU Film Centers have

ings occur, in the Book of Abraham as (Abr. 1:26.) According to Maimonides, no need for censorship. No

in the legends, God reveals himself to "it was Abraham who found his way rating system is needed to dethe Patriarch in many different ways back from idolatry to monotheism."284 scribe the type of audience to be

and at many different levels, even as This return to the old faith is symadmitted to the films. Wholesome

he did to Father Lehi. 277 bolized by his rebuilding of the ancient and educational movies are availGod was not offended by Abraham's altar of the first fathers, especially able for use in Sunday School,

boldness in defending his children; he Noah. According to the Samaritan traMIA or Primary. Films can inform

was pleased with it,* for "he came to dition, in Abraham the covenant of and inspire your leadership; and

the Lord with a sound heart."(Koran Noah is renewed, 285 just as the coveserve to entertain at firesides.

37:84.) He was one of those "of strong nant of Adam was renewed by Noah Whatever your film need, you

faith and a firm mind in every form of when he built his altar after the will always find that the motion godliness,"to whom the angels adFlood. 285 In the Book of Abraham, that pictures are always suitable.

minister directly, according to Moroni patriarch is also represented as resum- 7:30. And so God treats him as an ing the work of Noah. (Abr. 1:19; cf.

equal: "My name was not known 2627.) Like Noah, Abraham's work

among my creatures, and thou hast represents the "restoration of the harmade it known among them: I will mony that was broken"when men fell inspirational

regard thee as though thou was assoaway in the preceding dispensation. 286

creation in theciated of theology, "According the with Mt. to Jewish me

Zion,"43:7.)world."built (Midr. an LDS Films Gen. Rab. on which Abraham The

boldness of this statement is supported altar to offer up Isaac, "is the cosmic BYU EDUCATIONAL by others: "Rabbi Nehemiah taught rock uniting heaven and earth, and all MEDIA SERVICES

that God turned over the bestowal of the great sacrifices of the past were Herald R. Clark Building

blessings to Abraham, saying to him: offered there"on an altar which was Brigham Young University

'Until now it was my responsibility "demolished by the generation of the Provo, Utah 84601 to bless my world. From now on, the Division"but restored by Abraham. 287

bestowal of blessings is turned over to This was supposed to be the very spot first it pleases thee to thethee. brought bless, "whereon had Adam Whom

offered version bless!"Abel sacrifice, and and 278 Another Cainthou shalt

has it, "From the Creation of the their gifts to God—the same whereon

world I planned to bless my creatures. Noah raised an altar to God after he

I blessed Adam and Eve and Noah and left the Ark; and Abraham... knew

his sons; from now on it is you who it. was the place appointed for theshall impart blessings!"279 One is Temple."288 There were seven who Pero

strongly reminded of the promise to built altars before the temple existed

Peter, for here God is endowing a man Adam, Noah, Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, with his own powers. The Midrash Moses, and Aaron. 289 The most imgoes even further: "If Abraham had not portant of these was Abraham: It was

sought to rival God, he would not he, according to Maimonides, who have become possessor of heaven and recommended that Mt. Moriah be conearth."280 It even asks us, "Why should secrated as the place of the ordinances

not the world have been created solely forever after, and who dedicated the because of the merit of Abraham?"281 spot for the future temple (as did

290 at "could Manti, Moroni that For Utah). claims not haveand God when THE NEW all dispensathecreated His earth heaven and was had His Abraham shown

it not been for Abraham."281 Nay, tions of the future in a vision, "God NONCAFFEINE

to future the well appears the also showed Temple him onAbraham way DRINK HOT 291 nourishing and A delicious the to start way day service right, the "Before in his a creator and Law."becoming own he for family. the whole Adults children like and into Egypt,"Baringwrote intofor to bring went people the Covenant down the flavor delicious of the grains. wholesome

Simple just boiling add water and to fix—

serve] tool Economical, it at for Look fayouris thelife—"itequivalentis asof thoughgiving themhe hada tireGould,'templeworship'"Abraham was byshownGod.theAfterennew vorite market.

created them"(Midr. Rab. 39:14); and which he returned to Haran and inthough "not all the inhabitants of the structed people in the true religion: Distributed by

erected a single he can together create evenworld three altars and gave thanks World Foods 292 it to Abrato God."accountedgnat... yet God

Inc. Division of Holly World Foods, (Sperling the as they Zohar this theme though had made Onham

7th South 2520 West 282 is full of translation) Simon's andthem."

Salt City, Lake Utah 84119 It suggestions. hints remarkable Altar and Temple: Abraham Today and

is being described as the restorer rather tells us that Abraham in building his Juillard Fancy Foods than the initiator of the knowledge of altars "proceeded from grade (or step) Division of Holly World Foods, Inc.

Street 310 Townsend to until his grade ordinances. his he reached holy rites and and own rightGod Francisco, California San 94107

ful all (Lech 80a)."grade "recapitulates"Lecha both Thus that wentHe

Inquiries Dealers Welcome all is to entered anticipates thatbefore Canaan, "when Abraham God and

Era, January 1970 61 appeared to him and he received a only to discredit Christian baptism, acnefesh (became a living body), and cording to S. B. Hoenig, that the rabbis

built an altar to the corresponding finally came to insist that circumcision grade of divinity."Then he went on alone was the "Covenant of Abraham,"

southward and received a ruach (spirthough actually it never was the Coveit); then he rose to the medium of the nant but only "a token or sign marking

neshamah which is the highest degree."the Covenant."297 Likewise, though the

After this it was necessary for him to locating of all the ancient altars on the recapitulate all three steps "to test site of the later altar of the temple himself,"and this was represented by at Jerusalem led to all sorts of geohis journey into Egypt (83b). It was graphical complications and speculaonly after his returning from Egypt tion, its purpose was plainly to emphaand reviewing all the rites over again size the continuity of the religion of

"so as to fix all in its proper place"Abraham and the other patriarchs and "keep the whole system united... down to Christ. Thus the tradition that

that Abraham was fully endowed, and Adam was made of the soil of Mt.

he became the lot and portion of God Moriah binds all mankind "to the in real truth"(84a), the whole thing mountain on which Abraham would 298 forefathers'sins."expiate our culminating "the perassurance in the

or of styles, Scores fhermographed is Durafect Expiation atonement, and faith which he on it was had acquired direct accessories. Buy all the graved,

and save from West's leading manufacturhis first passage through the land would the Christians who made the most of er of mailorder wedding invitations. Rush not depart from him and his dethe unbroken ritual line from Adam

orders shipped same day received! scendants forever"(85a). An indication to Christ: "In that very place where

of the antiquity of this teaching is Melchizedek administered as priest, given in the Genesis Apocryphon, the where Abraham offered up his son twentyfirst column of which begins: Isaac, the wood of the cross was set

"In each place I pitched until I reached up; at the place where the four quarSend for FREE catalog, samples (25c if airmail even to Bethel, unto the place where ters of the earth meet."299 No concept

desired) REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440 I had built the altar, and I built it was more appealing to the Christians

Name. again."Thus the Zohar recounts that than that which identified Isaac carryrevisit his ing his for his "to the reversed course the he with wood

Address. until grades, his bearing reached place the Lord very he the and cross—tosacrifice

City, Stare, Zip. it first first still spot, his so grade revelaheld, the where same was and

tion had taken place, back to Bethel, is. 300 As Abraham stood on that spot,

'the perfect stone.'"(83b end.) The "he saw the cross of the Messiah, and

Scientists Now Agree quiteparallelastonishing.to the Hopi system of pasos is theThereredemptionis no betterof ourknownfather Adam."301Christian

"Wheat"for Man! ham'sModernaltarsscholars"had tellno useus thator signifiAbra- legendcross of thanCalvarythataswhichrestingdescribessquarely theon

cance except as a means of sacrifice,"the skull of Adam to represent the beand that "nothing is known of the ginning and the ending of the process motive prompting these sacrifices, nor of redemption. 302 And Abraham stands

of the sacrifices themselves.... the type exactly between them. There are five

of sacrifice is not stated."293 But the things, according to the Pirke Aboth

claim of the Pearl of Great Price is (VI, 10), that God himself acquired in that "the Gospel began to be preached, this world—the Torah, heaven and

from the beginning, being declared by earth, Abraham, Israel, and the temholy angels sent forth from the presple; these make up the main ingredients

ence of God, and by his own voice, and of the Plan of Eternity, and Abraham by the gift of the Holy Ghost. And stands squarely in the middle: "Everythus all things were confirmed unto thing he does, Israel does later!"

Adam, a holy ordinance, and the (Midr. Rab. 40:6.)

Gospel preached, and a decree sent Abraham and Adam: Everything

forth, that in it should the does world that before be did Abraham Adam THIS MAY SHOW YOU HOW WE

..."until the thereof. left end him. his (Moses Father's MILL IN YOUR As Adam PUT MONEY CAN

POCKET, AND HEALTH ON YOUR 5:5859.) This teaching is certainly heavenly home for an earthly paradise,

TABLE? borne out by the Jewish traditions, so also did Abraham. (Gen. 13:10.)

The new Lynco Wheat Mill is an all which taught that "Abraham knew the "Get thee out"meant for Abraham a new Idea, using patented grinding stones, entire Thora"and even the Halacha, new opportunity for advancement, electric that motor, a powerful and to the gave heavenly will which says the Zohar, "for thine "God advanown flour 5 lbs of into cake convert wheat i.e., in Sanhedrin,"the council thyself, heaven, tage, to to prepare perfect thy

in 3 J/2 to 4 minutes. though the Jewish Doctors confess degree."(Lech Lecha 77b, end.) FindWithout a bulky flour bag, and being themselves at a loss to explain how he ing himself in the new land, Abraham

Dust, the Lynco FREE of it all revelabefore the Mill is a good came to know instructed "Arise, Lord, the was by looking, machine. and compact is Sinai. 294 "it certain tion on in of Thus through the land walk the length

The Lynco Mill can be operated with that Abraham was baptized,"295 for it and in the breadth of it; for I will

or without electrical power. anyone entering the covenant of Abragive it unto thee"(Gen. 13:17; Gen.

GUARANTEED FULLY himself immersed has just 8 ff), "when he Apocr. XXI, as ham was Adam

WHITI: INFOHMTKW F0 MOKE the and ascended water [he] is from order, given the to forth go and same

LYNCO NATIONAL an Israelite in every respect."296 It was inspect the garden, possess it, and take

Box 15 Filer, Idaho 83328 care of it. And as Adam was given sacrifices to me.... It is now thy

charge of the animals to see to it that duty, Abraham, to build it again!"309

every form of life should flourish in Having built his altar as instructed, its proper sphere and element and "Abraham opened his mouth and have joy therein, so "God said to spoke in the Adamic language, which

Abraham: As I put Adam and then had ceased from the earth since the

Noah in charge of all my creatures, time of Babel,"calling upon the

I now put you in charge of them, and Lord.310 This, it is claimed, was the

order you to give my blessing to beginning of Jewish liturgy,311 and the them."303 So Abraham like Adam has sacrifice offered by Abraham was

his Eden, his "Mystic Garden,"where identical with that offered by Adam he protects all creatures from the and Noah before him. 312 It was up to

withering blight of the empty spaces Abraham to make the first move, since without. 304 "there is no stirring above till there

Both Adam and Abraham, when is a stirring below.... we do not say

forced to go forth into a lone and disgrace over an empty table."(Zohar,

mal world, are designated by the code L.L., 88a-b.) But the prayer did not

name of Jared, which Eisler points out go unanswered; again Abraham was

means "fallen from high estate."305 visited and received yet more light and

They become the ancestors and the knowledge, thereafter building three type of "the Remnant saved and savaltars for the specific purpose of ining... the chosen tribe of Levi and structing his children and warning The girl in the window is named

... the suffering Jewish people,"306 them against apostasy. 313 The last time Ann. For three years Ann lost herself in

dramatically embodied in the sectaries Michael called upon Abraham, the the world of marijuana and amphetaof the desert, who in their way of life Patriarch, in washing his guest's feet, mines. Then she found Christ, and, as

considered themselves "the free seed of recognized them as the feet of one of she says, "Only my Lord could put me up preserving integrity theirAbraham"in the three visited in who had men him I'm cloud on this a beauon now, and it's 307a real wilderness. remarkable long before One (Gen. Mamre where18), tiful to place be."

inepisode of the Apocalypse said, Abraham upon he that thou I know "Now story Ann's in "Listen"appears soon(10:2ff) the [lit., us art lying shows unhero angel an of messenger] the

conscious on the earth while a voice Lord, and wast sent to take my soul,"magazine. She is one of many young

says, "Go Jaoel [a sectarian name for but he hesitates to go with him save people sharing their experiences with

Jehovah] in the power of my unutteron certain conditions; "Michael re- "Listen"readers. And these true stories

able name, and raise that man up for turned to heaven"and reported to God, are just one of many ways "Listen"enme!"Then, says Abraham, speaking in who told him, "Go and take up courages happy, healthy living free of

the first person, "the angel whom He Abraham in the body and show him all drugs, alcohol, and tobacco.

sent to to things, likeness in the came me me and... do to him as to My If you want to help your young peoof a friend."314 took right the hand, man, by me

and raised me to my feet saying, AbraIn these accounts "Abraham is the ple escape today's tempting pitfalls, ham, arise!... I have been sent to prototype of the novice who is initiated then you can't afford to be without "Listhee to strengthen thee and bless thee into the mysteries, just as in the Sefer ten"in your home. Subscribe too for

in the name of the Lord... the CreYetzira into the mysteries of its cosmoyour MIAs, Institutes of Religion, and

ator of Heaven and earth.'"(10:5-7.) logical speculation,"315 in which the Seminaries. Fill out this coupon today.

"Jaoel"tells Abraham, "I have been Book of Abraham is so rich. The Talcommissioned to visit you and your mud explains that in choosing Abraposterity, to and rather along with Michael than transmit ham the Adam to LISTEN r-\ % ". blessinggive eternally. teachings, of you our Be reasoned, he.. should

good cheer and go to!"(10:16.) As Adam become corrupt, then Abraham Just $3.50

G. H. Box explains the passage, "The will come and restore order."316 It per

archangel Jaoel... here seems to play goes even further than that: "The Jews \ subscription

the part of MetatronMichael.... The even attributed a Messianic character

archangel Jaoel was specifically sent to Abraham, as completing or correctby God to instruct him [Abraham] ing the work of Adam,"so that in and to initiate him into the knowledge Genesis 14:6, Abraham restores what

of the heavenly mysteries."308 The fact Adam had lost. 317 If many studies have

that the confusion of the names Jeappeared in recent years discussing the hovah, El, Michael, and Metatron is early Christian equation of Adam and permitted to stand by the rabbis, who Christ, it must also be admitted that todo not pretend their understand too partakes of Abraham the nature Send me 12month Listen subscription(s).relationships, indictation of the is an that of both. There Christ is no doubt

high authority and antiquity of the and Abraham in the historical and Send sub(s) to my address below.

text. doctrinal records alike (geschichtlich

These words of cheer to Abraham und iiberlieferungsgeschichtlich) preSend sub(s) to each address listed on follow immediately upon instructions sent striking parallels, J. Soggin admits, separate paper.

that altar offer build he is to an and though to is reluctant he admit any with Mail your to: "Listen,"check P.O. Box 318sacrifices. In old significant very (10:16.) the resemblance. Satan When Salt 11471, Lake City, Utah 84111. saysPseudoJonathan, the to Abrasays Lord are the to Abraham, on you "Why

ham: "This is the spot where Adam, top of this dangerous mountain? You

when he was driven out of Paradise, will be consumed!"trying to intimidate

built an altar, and offered up the first and coerce him;319 or when Abraham is

Era, January 1970 63 described as "one despised and smitAbraham; as such he appears to Abrafamily (Abr. 1:5), it was Melchizedek

ten;"320 or when the jailer calls in a ham on the altar, advising him to yield who gave him the necessary inloud voice at the of to structions. sensibly the pit: mouth as a venerable the monarch;

are 321 sage living or"Abraham, argues dead?"you he. and 'with Abraham It is common to trace the priesthood

or when we are told that "the act of Isaac and, approaching Sarah when of Abraham back to Adam: "The Lord

Abraham [the covenant and circumshe is alone, tries by convincing argusaid to Abraham: 'Follow me, and I

cision] remains a neverceasing atonements to weaken her faith in the rewill make thee a High Priest after the ment for Israel,"322 we naturally think ligion of her husband. He can be order of Adam, the first man.'"331 The

in terms of Jesus Christ, as the New recognized not by frightful deformities Zohar reports that "Elihu was a deTestament bids us. One of the earliest but, according to the Pirke Aboth scendant of Abraham and also as a

Christian writings insists that it was (V, 22), by ( 1 ) a disturbing eye, (2) a priest"by his "exemplary behavior

Christ, "the True Prophet,"who "aphaughty spirit, and (3) a proud mind, earned... the honorable title of 'The

peared to Abraham and taught him the whereas a disciple of Abraham has a'Man Adam,'"Adam being the archtype knowledge of godhead; showed him good eye, a lowly spirit, and a humble of the high priest. 332 The garment of

the origin of the world and its end; mind. Such signs of recognition were Abraham just referred to was nothing

revealed to him the immortality of the considered important. Thus we are told less than "the garment of skin which

soul a*nd the manner of life which that when Joseph revealed his identity God gave Adam,"which was handed was pleasing to God; declared also to to his brethren in Egypt, it was by down as "a Highpriestly robe"in a

him the doctrine of the resurrection of showing them "the sign of the covedirect line to Seth, Methuselah, Noah, the dead, of the future judgments, and nant, and he said to them: 'It is Japheth, Shem, and Abraham, and so

of rewards and punishments to come. through this that I have attained to on to Moses. 333 What has been called

And then He departed again to the this estate, through keeping this inthe "peculiar emphasis on covenants"invisible abodes."323 This agrees with tact.'"(Zohar, Lech Lecha 93b.) The in Abraham's career, 334 is closely conthe report of IV Ezra 3:13f, that AbraZohar explains that "this"is a sign nected both with Abraham's priesthood

ham alone was favored by God with a imprinted in the flesh, and that "whenand with his celebrated hospitality.

full revelation of "the end of the times, ever a man is stamped [sealed] with For hospitality is the receiving into secretly by night."this holy imprint, through it he sees one's own tent or family (the Hebrew

To make the story complete, Satan God.... So if he does not guard it, word for tent is the Arabic word for

deals with Abraham exactly as he does 'they lose the nehamah given by family) of a stranger and outsider, that with Adam. He was waiting for AbraGod.'"(94a.) We are told that Jacob being the express purpose of the coveham in the land of Canaan just as recognized the garment of Joseph when nant. It was as a guest in Abraham's

he was waiting for Adam in the Garit was brought to him by "three marks tent that the Lord covenanted with den: "The wicked serpent that was or tokens that were on the garment,"him. (Gen. 18:10, 14.) When by circursed held sway over the land of which showed it to be "the very one cumcision 318 strangers became memCanaan,"though "it was in that land that had belonged to Abraham, having bers of Abraham's family, they were

that Abram drew near to God."(Zohar, already had a long history,"going simply repeating Abraham's own cove-

L.L., 79b.) It is significant that Satan clear back to the Garden of Eden.327 nant with the Lord, following his exin this particular context should be That Abraham had the priesthood is ample as the type convert. (Midr. Ps.

designated as the serpent. When perfectly clear from the Book of Abra17:12.) The circumcision itself was

Michael comes to make Abraham "acham and the Jewish traditions alike. not the covenant, as many have falsely

quainted with the higher wisdom The only problem for the learned assumed, but only "a token or sign which he had not known previously,"Rabbis is'just how and when he could marking the covenant,"335 and as such i.e., to give him further light and have obtained it. One account tells subject to being supplanted in time

knowledge (ibid., 80a), he recognizes us that Isaac asked his father as they by other signs and tokens. 336 But whatSatan as the old enemy whom he had climbed the mountain together, "Are ever the signs or tokens may be, the

cast out of heaven and rebukes him.321 you a priest, to make a sacrifice?"to important thing about them, as about

In the Apocalypse of Abraham it is which Abraham replied, "Shem the the covenant itself, is that no one is

Jaoel who rebukes the devil, telling High Priest will make the sacrifice."328 born to them; they cannot be acquired

him, "God will not permit you to In another version Abraham asks himunconsciously or automatically; everypossess the bodies of the righteous.... self, "Am I fit to perform the sacrifice, one, including Abraham himself, is a

Depart from this man! For there is am I a priest? Ought not rather the convert; he inherits the kingdom not by

enmity between him and all that folhigh priest Shem to do it?"and God birth but by willingly and knowingly

low thee.... For behold, thy garment replies, "When thou wilt arrive at that entering a covenant. As far as birth

which was thine in heaven, is now place, I will consecrate thee and make is concerned, as Lehi told his haughty reserved for him, and the perishable thee a priest."329 Still another has it sons, "the Lord esteemeth all flesh in

corruption that was his has gone over that when Abraham asked, "Where is one; he that is righteous is favored of

to thee!"325 This, incidentally, offers- a the priest to officiate?"the voice of God God."(1 Ne. 17:35.)

significant parallel to the story of the answered: "Henceforth thou art clothed

two garments of Moroni (Al. 46:2326) with that dignity, as was formerly FOOTNOTES

and Tha'labi. After dismissing Satan, Shem, Noah's son."330 According to the

the Lord commands Abraham not to Midrash (Mid. Rab., 44) Melchizedek 21721C Bez,MidrashcitedRabbah,by Beer,Gen.p. 39:14;90. D. M. Eichconsort with him anymore, "lest he himself instructed Abraham in all the horn, ed., Conversion to Judaism (New York:

14. p. 1966),fall priest, of the the influence of his power-. functions under high and we cit., can Ktar,218 op. 74. Vermes, p. 32S 219 this easily surmiseful mind."L. Ginzberg, 219. from and J., I, how Shem

220 I, Ibid., father 263. our "Abraham used of traditions to Satan as Melchizedek The be identified the Abraham came to lead to bend and the them under men wings

is It living centuries claws with apart: of monster the no fantastic one, though Shekinah. and not alone did Abraham And

...,"this, as Sarah well but Goldin, R. J.horns; welldressed a handsome, indeed the he is priesthood of was Shem 68. Nathan, p.

man and a persuasive speaker. As such that Abraham inherited (Abr. 1:19, 221 Ka'ab alAkbar, cit. B. Chapira, in

Vol. Etudes Revue also in p. 104; 69, to appears thehe troubled king of practices the but since the to 28), Mishna Torah, Zara Juives,Aboda

instruct priesthood to deal his in into disuse on with him had fallen in how 222 R. A. Biblical I,Altmann,3. J. Loewe,

Motifs, n. 91. in Genesis p. 179, 18 were men

Glatzer, 23 N. the Lord. N. them was Faith and Knowledge, one of all angelsA compromiseor whether Do Any Of Your Ancestral Lines

119f. "the makes Yahoel,"him Angelpp. G. G. Scholem, Extend

-'24 F. in Trends Major G. Judaism, 344. Jewish Mysticism Moore, (New

22;> altsynagogischen Schocken, 68. System derI, F. Weber, p. 1938), York: DENMARK—SWEDENInto—or 278 I, 5. Theologie, Ps. p. Midr. 257. Braude, M. NORWAY? -26 279 II, d'Avaris, S. d. Gorion, bin P. In Montet, p. 33: Le 137. J., Drame

sphinxes Ugarit Midr. Ps. Qatna, Braude,"At Beyrut, and and 280 37:1.

281 Ibid.,statuettes left there found, 18; have 104:15, been by misGen. 2:4. If so, you need

sionaries."An Egyptian funerary text states 282 J. Goldin, Rab. Nathan, p. 68. THE SCANDINAVIAN

for 283 in S. Cavalletti,that as a does missionary Materiali, whatever Studi e 35:257. one Re

thisor officiant in will world, he N. Glatzer, do Faith for one 284 N. Knowledge, p. GENEALOGICAL HELPER and

in Sarg der 37. the next, C. E. SanderHansen,

Anchnesneferibre (Copenhagen, p. 64. 285 J. Macdonald, The Theology of the Here is what subscribers to The 1937),

22T F. Bohl, Zeitalter Abrahams, pp. 41f. Samaritans (Philadelphia, 1964), pp. 243f. Scandinavian Genealogical Helper

22s 2S6 P. in Grelot, Biblique, Zeitalter Vol. F. Boehl, Revue 74 Abrahams, pp. 34f. will receive:

287 p. G. Vermes, Scripture ( 1967), 23:46. 203. See p. and Tradition, also Luke 1. Four information packed issues 229 K. Kohler, in 209. Quarterly Jewish Review,

/., VIII, L. 230Ginzberg, Maimonides, 10. p. April. October, and January 2-M 289 S. d. 31:8-9.I, 304f. Apocal. of Abr., Gorion, Bin II, 376. J.,

vital inissue will contain 2. Each cit., 290 III, 232 Kohler, op. Dalalat, 587. p. 45. Maimonides,

233 291 I, Beer, L. L. A., /., Ginzberg, 20. 306. B. for formation if you have anyou

234 292 cit. loc. S. Kohler, BaringGould, the Patriarchs p.Legends of of the Scandinavian cestors from any 235 I, L. Ginzberg, York: Holt, 304. J., p. 164. 1872), (New

236 293 Kohler, Ginzberg, p. R. Sacrifice, Countries. 594; Penitence L. J., I, 306. and Thompson, J.

237 Kohler, (Leiden: 588. p.

23S B. Beer, L. 294 F. Weber,Brill, 1963),Systempp. der53f, altsysnagog.citing J. Skinner.TheThe Cost For All Four Issues A., pp. 203f.

239 Kohler, p. 587. ologie, p. 255. Is Only $6.00 Postpaid

241 T. Reick, Pagan Rites in Judaism ( New 296 A. Cohen, Everyman's Talmud, pp. 64f, THE EVERTON PUBLISHERS, INC.

York, 37. p. 1964),

242 A. Cohen, Everyman's Talmud, p. 381. cit.hospitalityJeb. 74s-b.whoNo"refrainedone could receivefrom takingAbraham'sthe E.P.O. Box 368, Logan, Ut. 84321

243 Hebrew Union College Annual, Vol. 1 prescribed ritual bath in the spring that flowed"

(1924), p. 140. before his tent, Ginzberg, L. J., I, 242.

244 R. Clements, Abraham and David ( Lon297 S. B. Hoenig, in Jew. Quart. Rev., Vol.

don: SCM Press, 1967), pp. 7577. 53 (1963), pp. 325, 322.

245D. de Gunzbrug, in Rev. des Etudes 298 R. Graves & R. Patai, Heb. Mythol, p.

Juives, Vol. 60. p. 7. 47 (1903),

Segal, Quart. Rev., Vol. H. 246 M. in Jew.. 299 E. A. W. Budge, Cave of Treasures, p. IN USE FOR OVER 75 YEARS

41. 224.52 p. (1962), Aids in treatment of simple sore

247 Grusd, E. E. 300 L. H. Vincent, in Revue Biblique, Vol. B'nai B'rith (New York:

19.Appleton, p. 58 1966), (1951), p. 371, accepts this in the most throat and other minor mouth and

literal L. A., 248 B. Beer, p. 187. sense.

249 StrackBillerbeck, N. Kommentar zum

I, 19:21. 386; 5:48, Gen. 17:1; Matt. HeT., 301302H.CaveRahner,of Treasures,Greek 29:6,Myths 1213.and Christian throat irritations.

was the perfect one after Noah. Mystery (New York: Harper & Row, 1963),

250A. Cohen, Minor Tractates of the Talmud, pp. 62ff; V. Aptowitzer, in Rev. des Etudes

pp. 76, 156, 446f, 612, for these various Juives, Vol. 79 (1924), pp. 14562.epithets. 303 Bin Gorion, II, 137. HALL'S REMEDY

251 304 L. 17475. B. Beer, D. Shapiro, in Tradition, Vol. 4 (1962), A., pp.

305 Eisler, 214.p. Basileus, lesous II, 17980. Salt Lake City, Utah R.

252 Midr, Rab., Gen. 31:11. 306 E. J. Watkin, in Downside Review, July

253 Bin Gorion, S. d. J., II, 341f, 137. 1968, p. 293.

254 L. I, Newman, Hasidic Anthology (New 307 Eisler, op. cit., II, 66, 246.

Scribner's, p. 452.York: 1934), Box, The Apocalypse 308 G. H. of Abraham LDS Easter Cantata Lecha, 255 Zohar I, Lech 86b. (London: 1919), SPCK, pp. viiviii.

256 A. Altmann, in Journal of Jewish Studies, 309 Beer, p. 66. for narrator, mixed chorus, soloists, ensembles

Relig., 311 148. Vol. p. Z. Idelsohn, Liturgy 42 Jewish A. (1962), (New effectively Performed in six rehearsals in by choirs 258 Ibid., 3. p. 156. Holt, York: p. H. 1932),

Ariz., Utah, Wash., Calif., British Oreg., Texas, 259 Litera312 in Orientalische G. Goldin, Baumbach, R. Nathan,

turzeitung, Vol. p. 365. 313 A.J. p. Midrasch 181, Columbia. p. Rabbah,14. Wuensche, 61 (1966),

260 J. M. Adams, Ancient Records and the on Gen. 12:8. Purchase $2.50/copy Rental 1.00/copy

(Nashville, 314Bible 187. Ginzberg, p. L. L. J. 1946),

261 315 Judaism, I, 538. G. F. Moore, Scholem, The sources G. G. MajorI, 302-3.Trends in Jewish Examination($2 refundable)copy, send $2.50 deposit

are Basileus, Eisler, treated lesous II, Mysticism, 69. in R. p.

316 Ps.,28688. 34:1. Braude, Midr. W. Write: Dr. Davis D. Evan 262 317 Eisler, op. in Studi S. Cavalletti, Materiali, 35:251- e

Music Dept., BYU, HFAC, Provo, Utah 84601 263 Ford,cit., inII, Heythrop287f. Journal, Vol. 52. So J. M.

6 (1965), pp. 289301, Biblische Zeitschrift, 318 J. Soggin, in Theologische Literatur-

N.F. 11 (1967), pp. 10916; Theology Digest, zeitung, Vol. 89 (1964), pp. 732f.

in Ztschr. f. A. T. Wiss., Vol. 80 (1968), pp. 320 Ibid., 29:7.

18391. 321 Maase Abraham, in Beth haMidrasch,

264 in Studi e Materials, Vol. I, S. Cavelletti, 32.

322 Ginzberg, L. J. I, 240. HEARING AIDS p. 254.35 (1964),

265 Ibid., if;'

266 A. Parrot, pp. Abraham25456, 26265.et son Temvs, p. 104. 323324 ClementinePirke R. Eliezer,Recognitions,Ch. 27. I, 33. 2/ nrC DEALER *

325 267 of The- S. Aspects 14:15. 13:1114, Rabbinic Apocalypse Schechter, 73 of PRICES Abraham, Ull

326 translation. Ibid., fairly free 37. a 14:1013,ology York, p. 1909), (New tiny, of SELECTION LARGEST 268 II, freer 73f. Dalalat, advise be, "I you would even Maimonides, would An ear, the allin-theear, behind

its his de269 to get of employ!"11:71, out shows Koran, the Even models. pocket and eyeglass

this position. 327 (Cairo, Qissas A. H. taking Tha'albi, the schools alAnbiyah by onpendence obliTRIAL. No FREE HOME His270 Divine Nibley, of in Aspect discussed 8081, R. The Mozley, Hugh pp. J. guaranback Money gation.

I, ed., to 277. University, thetory (Cambridge Book Mormon, 1916), of Approach 2nd An1340), Easy payment. down tee. No

271 City, 17879. the Vision (Salt A. Way, The Agus, and 1964), Lake dealpp. J. or salesmen terms. No

328 64. Beer, 315.p. p. direct save ers. 65%. Write for free catalog. Order and

272 E. L. Cherbonnier, Harvard Theological 329 L. Ginzberg, L. /., Vol. 1, p. 272. PRESTIGE, Dept. D-57, Box 10947, Houston, Tex. 77018.

Review, Vol. 55 (1962), p. 206. 330 Beer, p. 60.

273 A. Rubenstein in Journal of Jewish 331 Yalkut Shimoni, 12:63, in bin Gorion,

Studies, Vol. 8 (1957), p. 45; Vol. 4 (1953), II, 14.

p. 112. 332 N. N. Glatzer, in A. Altmann, Biblical

Digest,... Vol. Zohar, Motifs, 274 in Theological Ford, p. 219, citing M. J.

333 Graves R. and R. Patai, 134. p.15, II, Heb.33b. Mythol, highlyWidelyesteemedacclaimed 275 Scripture 6- Tradition, p. 120. 78. 70, Vennes, G. pp.

276 Midr. Rab., Gen. 42:8 end. 334 Discussed by R. J. Thompson, Penitence

277 J. Lindbolm, in Heb. Un, Col. An., Vol. and Sacrifice, pp. 54, 56f.

32 (1961), pp. 9397; M. H. Segal, in Jew. 335 S. B. Hoenig, in Jewish Quart. Rev., Vol.

point 48f. 322. p.Quart. Rev., Vol. 53 (1963), 52, pp. A classic

336 three the 325. Ibid., p.of has always discussion been whether

Jewelry Company

Era, January 1970 65 42 W. 2nd So., Salt Lake City, Ut. 84101

Telephone (801) 3221039 End ofan Era

Life answered, "So there'll be We didn't have any lunch all things."our patrol had because

Arizona Tempe, Among—BrentoppositionFarley,in their already packed

the gear and sent it back with

Mormons Our 12year-old Scout a car that left early.

returned from a winter Lowry got sick, Thayne got campout with this smoke poisoning, Chris

In leading into our priesthood summation of his adventures: got frostbite, and Darrell

lesson concerning family "It was real hard work bawled all night because growth and the role of setting the tents up. his leg hurt so bad."

the mother, our instructor It was 22 below. The eggs Then, in a perfectly sincere

asked, ''Why do we exist froze, milk froze, water tone of voice, he in the human family as two froze, we froze. I was concluded, "It was sure a

different sexes—male and right by the tent opening, lot of fun!"

female?"Without hesitation and I was so cold -Virginia Christensen,

the elders quorum president I couldn't sleep all night. Orem, Utah

"End of an Era"will pay $3 for humorous anecdotes and experiences that relate to the Latterday Saint way of life. Maximum length 150 words.

If a man has a talent "How is it you have not Senior missionary companion:

and cannot use it, he has failed. called me for my account?""London is the foggiest

If he has a talent and uses the man asked his tailor. "Oh, place in the world."New elder:

only half of it, he has I never ask a gentleman,""Oh, no, it's not. I've

partly failed. If he has a talent he was told. "Indeed! been in a place foggier than

and learns somehow to use How, then, do you get on if London.""Where was it?"

it was so foggy!"the whole of it, he has he doesn't pay?""Why,""I don't know—

gloriously succeeded, and won replied the tailor, "after a certain a satisfaction and a triumph time I conclude he is not a St. Peter: And here is your

few men ever know. gentleman and then I ask him."golden harp. New arrival:

—Thomas Wolfe How much is the first payment?

Originality is simply a pair of fresh eyes. Progress comes not by

AutoSuggestion—T. W. Higginson some magic word, not by

government edict, but Whenever I read to my Openminded or from the thoughts, the toil, moppets, emptyheaded-it depends the tears, the triumphs and gather them close on whether you're defining of individuals who accept the 'round my knee yourself or someone else.

to soothe and becalm them challenge of raw material, and by the grace of Godgiven for bedtime, You can't alter the past, but you talents produce results the effectiveness of the can mar satisfy the needs which—Evalynthe one whoM. Sandberggets sleepy is me. present the stewing about by men. of

future.—President Hugh B. Brown

66 Era, January 1970 The Era of\buth

Marion D. Hanks, Editor

Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor

I

mm At

Starting thismonth...a newfeature

''Learning from

Editor's note: There's something to in the adult world who have done

be learned from older people. Richard something important with their lives,

Boyer and Jim Jardine, returned miswho seem to have found some meaningsionaries and college students, believe fid answers to questions youth have.

it. The trouble with older people is This issue introduces a new series of

that when they talk, they don't always interviews, with the student asking the volunteer what you want to know adult about his life, his answers, his about at that particidar moment. So motivations. This month's interview is

you tune out. You don't listen. Rich with Elder LeGrand Richards of the

and Jim decided to tune in on people Council of the Twelve.

Who would you say was the most influential person in your life as you grew up? Maybe you could tell us just a little bit about

that person.

I'd say it was my father [George F. Richards]. I worked with

him on the farm as a boy. When we used to hoe the weeds out of

the corn patch, he'd ask us gospel questions. He'd say, "What is

the gospel?"and have us try to tell him what we thought the

gospel was. On a farm some men lose their tempers and start

swearing and cussing when the horses don't do the things they ought to do. I never heard my father use an unclean word or a

swear word in his life. The worst thing I ever heard him say was

"Oh, fiddlesticks!"He was so honest that if he drove through a

red light, he would go around the block and back through it again just to prove that he wanted to correct it. I remember we had

with our farm a little implement and lumber business out there in

Tooele. One of our friends started in the implement business, and

my brother Joel said to Father, "Isn't it too bad that Brother

Gordon had to start in the business just like we did?"Father said,

"Well, Brother Gordon has to take care of his family just like we have to take care of ours."I never heard him criticize a person in

his life; he was that honest about people.

When it came to the end of the year the farmers would have to figure out their tithing for the year. He used to have us boys

sit around the table with him and figure out everything he had produced on the farm during the year. Then he would say, "Now,

have we overlooked anything?"and he would throw a little extra in

for good measure to be sure we hadn't shorted the Lord on our tithing. We always had our family prayers night and morning. We

had a large family—Mother had 15 children. We never came to the

breakfast table but what our chairs were turned with their backs to the table, and we couldn't get any mush until we had had our morning prayer. It was the same thing at night. We were taught

to have our secret prayers by ourselves as we would kneel at our beds. That's the way I was raised; that's the kind of influence

that I had.

We never discussed in our home that my father might ever become one of the General Authorities, but I had the feeling in my heart from the time I was a boy that my father would become one of the twelve apostles. He was called while I was in Holland on my

first mission.

cy2n interview with

must have been an apostle for a long time, because he wasElder LeGrand He president of the quorum when he died, wasn't he?

Ttichaids He was called into the quorum at the same time that President y ofthe Council of theTweke McKay and Orson F. Whitney were. There were three appointed in

the same conference in this order: my father, Brother Whitney,

and Brother McKay. Father was president of the quorum. I

don't think President McKay was a better man than my father as far as his love for the Lord and the way he lived, but I do think he was a better executive than my father. And so I think the Lord

took Father away to make room for Brother McKay. I think the

Lord knew what he was doing.

Have you ever read a book, other than the scriptures, that made a special impression on you?

The one book that I read as a young man that made the greatest impression on me was The Life of the Prophet Joseph Smith by George Q. Cannon. I wished I had lived in his day so I could

have been a friend to the Prophet and helped him through all the hardships and trials that he had to endure.

You have filled four missions for the Church and have always been associated with and involved in missionary work. What progress do you think we are making in our proselyting?

When I was president of the Southern States Mission, I told the missionaries that if they could get in a home one night a week for six months and learn how to tell our story, then at the end of that time the people would either join our church or they wouldn't be any good for any other church. I believe that with all my heart,

because I knew I could take everything away from them and then build them a better house. I taught the missionaries that they

have to learn to tell the whole story. I wrote an outline for them

for one night a week for six months. I called it "The Message of

Mormonism."It was the first outline presentation of the gospel

in the Church. I said to myself, "Why don't you develop that outline the way you would present it?"And that's what brought

A Marvelous Work and a Wonder into existence. That outline

started to be used in many missions and stake missions. The difference between now and then is that now the missionaries go out

and bear their testimonies and give the people just a little skeleton of what the gospel is and baptize them after six messages instead of 26, like I figured. Then they turn them over to the branch or ward

to train and teach them the gospel. That's the difference in the

program then and now.

Would you care to make a guess as to what we might be doing in missionary work in ten years or so?

I don't think we can ever hope for group conversions. I think

it all has to come from the individual heart. The Lord said, you

know, that he would call for "many fishers and many hunters, and they should fish and hunt them from the hills and mountains and from the holes in the rocks."That's what we've been doing. When

I was in the South, we held a conference in west Florida. We

traveled for miles and miles through the forest and didn't even see a home. When we got to the little chapel, there were 250 people.

I said, "Well, if you didn't come out of the holes in the rocks, then

I don't know where you came from."

Era, January 1970 69 The Lord said he would gather them "one of a city and two of a family"and bring them to Zion. That doesn't sound as if they

would all come at once, does it?

What was the greatest challenge you met in the mission field?

Was there any time that was harder than the others?

Yes, the hardest part was learning the Dutch language. If you

think you've got something you would like to tell people and you can't tell them, that's tough! When I went on my first mission,

Brother Anthon H. Lund talked to us missionaries before we went

and said, "If you ever lack for anything to say, just get up and bear your testimony that you know that Jesus is the Christ, that

Joseph Smith was a prophet, and that the Book of Mormon is true, and the Lord will give you something to say."

Brother Heber J. Grant was president of the European Mission,

and he came over to Holland to hold a conference. We rented a

big theater and had about 1,500 people there. I was sitting right

down in front of the stand when President Grant said, "I want to hear from Brother Richards."As I walked up on the platform,

I thought of what Brother Lund said, and I got up there and bore my testimony.

Now there are times when the Lord lifts you above your natural ability. I felt burned up with the Spirit. I felt as if the floor could

have fallen from under me and I would have been left bearing my testimony. I didn't know I had done any good, but a few weeks

later I went to a baptismal service in Rotterdam and a man who was being baptized said, "You don't know us, but we know you.

We were at the meeting when you bore your testimony. That was

the thing that started us investigating the gospel."I had just been

there long enough to use enough language, broken as it was, to bear my testimony. That's when the Lord fulfilled to me the promise

that Brother Lund made to us before we left to go on that mission.

I know that you speak to the missionaries when they go into the mission home and give them encouragement and direction. But

what would you say to fellows who are recently returned from missions?

I just toured a mission and told the missionaries, "When you go home, if the bishop gives you a little job to do, you do it. If you will

do the little jobs well, the big jobs will follow just as naturally as the day follows the night; but if you wait for a big job"when you get

home, you will just go down instead of up. You've got to keep

climbing or you go the other way. There are only two directions

to travel."

I think they have to wait a little while. Things have to take

their turn. You can't need a bishop in every ward the minute a

missionary comes home. If you love the Lord enough and you're

not interested so much in yourself as you are in what you can do for him and his people, you will find plenty of jobs to do. You know,

the Savior said that he that exalted himself shall be abased, and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted.

There are often rather interesting and special circumstances involved when men are called to be General Authorities. Were there

any such events or special feelings about your call?

When I was asked to be the Presiding Bishop of the Church.

I had been back from my mission from July to April. I had stayed

in the Tabernacle after the morning session of conference to meet the parents of the missionaries; then I walked down to my office.

There sat President Grant. As I walked in, he said, "Oh, here he

is now,"and hung up the phone.

I said, "This looks suspicious."There weren't any vacancies

that I knew of among the General Authorities, and he didn't give me time to comment.

"LeGrand,"he said, "we are going to change the Presiding

Bishopric this afternoon, and we'd like you to be the Presiding

Bishop. Whom do you want for your counselors?"It took my

breath away.

I said, "Well, President Grant, I can't think that fast. How

long do I have to select them?"

"Oh, we want to sustain them this afternoon,"he said. It was a

quarter to one then.

Then I had this thought that I believe was inspiration. I said,

"Well, when you were deciding whom you wanted to have for the

Presiding Bishop, you no doubt had a list of names that had been handed to you by members of the Twelve. If you feel like entrusting those names to me, they would be men whom you brethren

regard as having the qualifications for this calling. I believe I

could select a couple of counselors."

"I think that's a good idea,"he said, and he wrote eight names on a slip of paper. Then I picked these two: Marvin 0. Ashton and

Joseph L. Wirthlin.

You just celebrated with your wife your sixtieth wedding anniversary. What would you say is the most important thing for

developing the kind of marriage and love that you so obviously have with your wife?

I think that the most successful thing in our marriage has been that we have both been 100 percent united in spiritual matters. We

haven't been divided in our home. Furthermore, I think you can

whip children into obedience when they are little, but when they are old, they will leave you. But if you love them into obedience when

they are young, then they will stay with you throughout your lives. That's the way we raised our children. I can't remember a

day when we didn't start it on our knees together and end it in a like manner. The kind of spirit that makes for a happy home is

when you're interested in each other more than in yourself.

Is it difficult to be an apostle? I know it's hard on you physically, but do you find that there's real mental pressure on you as a

General Authority?

I have a little pet saying that I keep that goes like this: "For

every worry under the sun, there is a remedy or there's none. If

there be one, hurry and find it; if there be none, never mind it."

Now so many people cross so many bridges they never get to. What

good does it do to worry about it?

When I leave here at night, I don't go home and do a lot of worrying, and yet I have a lot of very important things to do. I

figure it this way: this is the Lord's work that I'm in, and I'm a

very prayerful man. I try to do the very best I can, but I let the

Lord do the worrying. It's his work, not mine. o

Era, January 1970 71 The outside ought to reflect the inside. A can of crab with a

crushed pineapple label is still a can of

crab. It would be great in a souffle

but not on ice cream! A can labeled sweet

something can prove to be <i/lCanof the muchtalked-of "can of worms."

You can fool a lot of people a lot of the

time, but it just might not be to your

advantage. Better to look

like what you are and

be your best.

<rWorms i Getting to I lyJoynamedPlatz by(Mississippi)the Nationalwas CouncilrecentjoinedNancy theAnneChurchLush five(Canada),years ago.22,

Know\bu of Teachers of English as the bachelorSince then,of artsshe degreehas receivedin Englishher

Marian Schlange (California), 18, is attending BYU, where she is

YWMIA dance director in her ward. In high school, Marian was

sophomore class treasurer, student body director of assemblies, and is now teaching English in a member of the California ScholarManitoba. Nancy is a canoeing inship Federation, and a seminary structor and camp counselor. Durgraduate. Last year Marian received ing Canada's centennial year, she

the Daughters of the American represented the Church in WinniRevolution Good Citizen award, peg on a centennial interfaith winner of its annual competition. the Bank of America Achievement youth council, which planned acShe was student vicepresident at Award for her accomplishments in tivities to promote greater underher high school, a member of Nafine arts, and a scholarship to standing between faiths. Nancy

Theodore Southgate (Pennsylvania) tional Honor Society, and a memBYU. She gave guitar lessons for has also taught in the Sunday

is a gifted student of mathematics, ber of the Mu Alpha Theta four years to help pay her way for School for five years and is now

Ted was admitted to the Univerhonorary mathematics fraternity. a tour of Europe. She received the the dance director in YWMIA.

sity of Pennsylvania at the age of She was the salutorian for her high Optimist "Outstanding Youth"16, where as a freshman he was school graduating class. She is ataward and was crowned Junior

on the dean's honor roll with a 3.8 tending BYU this fall on a full 'Miss of Ventura and Santa Baraverage; he has been active in the scholarship. She has been MIA I bara counties.

marching band and on the swim music director for six years in the team, where he received his freshBiloxi Ward and was also the man letter. Ted has received his ward organist.

Eagle Scout and Duty to God Gloria Eileen Wheeler ( Montana ) awards as well as five Aaronic 26, attended Montana State UniPriesthood awards. versity, where she received her

B.S. degree in mathematics and

| served as vicepresident and social

Club. Beof the Deseret chairman

'in achievements her cause of mathematics, she received a Fulbright Scholarship to study in Germany. She earned a degree in

psychology at the University of

Michigan and her master of science degree in mathematics. Gloria is

now finishing work on a Ph.D. in

psychology. She leads a troop of

Girl Scouts in a predominantly

Negro area of Ann Arbor, Michigan, and is taking flying lessons.

The YWMIA activity counselor, she has been a member of the cast of

Pamela Peterson (Minnesota) the Hill Cumorah pageant.

graduated third in her high school class, is listed in Who's Who of H. Joseph Ard, Jr. (Colorado),

High School Students, and received Jonathan Little (Wisconsin), 18, 16, is a seminary graduate and her school's honor society scholarwho has been able to walk only assistant in the YMMIA. Last year,

ship award. She was a member of with the aid of crutches since childJoseph was secretary of Brighton

the National Honor Society, yearhood, has worked as student trainer High School student body in Denbook editor, and homecoming and manager of the Brookfield ver and belonged to Key Club and queen. She was also vice president Central High School football, basthe National Honor Society. He

of the pep club and a member of ketball, and baseball teams. Jonaparticipated in sports, was band

the band, the choir, and the mixed than earned two keys on the debate president for two years, and played ensemble. In her ward in Duluth, team and received a National Merit the trombone in the concert, pep,

Pamela has taught Primary for letter of commendation. Active in and stage bands. He also sang

three years, has been chorister for the Milwaukee Second Ward, he leading roles in school musicals.

two years in the Primary and is now attending the University of He is attending the University of

Junior Sunday School, and is active Wisconsin, preparing for a career Colorado this year, beginning his in MIA. in law. studies in medicine.

L 74 learning to Love By Connie Chapman

Learning to love was the keynote of the exciting service project we participated in as the Laurel class of Hacienda

Heights Ward in the El Monte Stake, California.

For almost two hours every Monday afternoon we visit the little children at a home for retarded children. There are presently about 50 children living there, and their ages range from

a few months to 13 years old.

Before we started working with the children, we were instructed by a psychiatric social worker. He made a lasting impression on each of us from the first moment we heard him. He

stressed many points to guide us in working with these children.

He said that everyone has a right to be different, and that we are

Wally Stock (Wyoming) holds the just as different as those retarded or spastic persons. We could

school in his high record for the have been born in their place, and they in ours. If we were in football passes most touchdown

and the highest scoring record in these children, how grateful we would be to have someone come basketball; on the he is now Unito see us. This thought gave all of us an incentive other than football team. versity of Wyoming

While in high school, Wally was curiosity for coming each Monday.

class of the president sophomore his Scout Eagle and We were taught never to have pity, but to have empathy. and received

Duty to God award. He completed The children learn by continued and repeated patterns. We

years the in Afton four of seminary full dressed in bright colors to make our appearance different from First a Ward. up He gave

athletic scholarship to the Univerthe nurses'allwhite attire. The children would then recognize

sity to accept of Wyoming a call us as visitors, not as nurses. We had to be regular in coming Mission. the to British South

so they could learn to expect us, which they did.

r At first it was hard to be calm and confident, especially before we had seen the children. This was because we had

no idea of what to expect. We were told to let the children

come to us. This sounded difficult, as the normal child remains

passive for quite a while before he or she "warms up"to a newcomer. However, from the minute we first arrived, we were

surrounded by the children and immediately we loved them all and were accepted by them.

"Inasmuch as ye have done it unto the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me."(Matt. 25:40.) We were

touched as we saw the children struggle to talk, walk, learn, and do the things that come so easily to us. These things we often

take for granted, and we learned a real appreciation of the very simplest of gifts from our Father in heaven.

We dearly love each of the children, and they are very choice friends to all of us. We realize now how wonderful our

Nancy Jo Romans (Nebraska) was a National Merit scholarship winFather's plan is. These special spirits will inherit the kingdom

ner and received a fouryear scholof God.

arship to BYU, where she will major in music. Nancy was the At one time, we girls sang Primary songs to them, including

graduating valedictorian of her the song "I Am a Child of God."Tears came to my eyes, and

class a fouryear pin and received for science achievements. She plays all of us were touched by the joy and beautiful feeling of peace

the clarinet and was awarded the that dwelt in the room.

for Philip Sousa award band John also a When we grow to be wives and mothers, when sometimes her school. She has been

cheerleader the past three years. life becomes even more complicated than it seems now, we will

Her family drives 43 miles each

Sunday to her ward, where she is be able to look back and once again enjoy that peace and special the organist. love that sparked a flame of goodwill and service in our minds

and hearts. O

Era, January 1970 75 My students ask me, "When are you going to have your baby, Mrs. Garza?"

'July,"I answer.

"Do you want a boy or a girl?"

He who chooses the beginning ofa wad, chooses where itleads to

By Lyn Garza

It was 1964, Berkeley, California. I'd been work- I was welcome to come. Well, thanks, but...

ing at the university—that wonderful, constantly "Say, Lyn, how about coming to this groovy party

stimulating university—for several months. The New Year's Eve? A few acid heads are going to get

Free Speech Movement was knocking the slats out together and swing out. Plenty of acid, rock band,

from under the Establishment's foundations. I strobe lights, dancing, comeas-youare type scene,

loved every exciting minute of the kooks and proWhat have you got planned?"

tests, even though my role was mostly that of an Well, it did sound quite a bit more exciting than observer. the dateless evening I had to look forward to, but

Who can say what made me decide to finish my I had a few questions, own education? Leave Berkeley? Unthinkable! "What's 'acid'? What's an 'acid head'?"(Now,

Yet something seemed to be urging me on, and the don't think I'm a complete idiot for not knowing plans began to take shape: go back to Brigham these household phrases, but in 1965, LSD and all

Young University, graduate in English, teach its mystical "charms"were known to only a few.)

school. Suddenly my job and relative idleness "Well, 'acid'is a drug, LSD. It's completely

seemed a little less important. Maybe I just wanted harmless to the body and nonaddicting, but it can

to finish what I'd started a few years ago. A little liberate your inner self. It stimulates the unconsadly, one day in September, I climbed aboard scious and helps you know yourself and get rid of

the California Zephyr, bade goodbye to my pals, and your hangups. It's absolutely not dangerous."

began to move toward the "square"old BYU I'd The experience sounded exciting, stimulating, dropped out of a year before. novel. I thought about it. Why not? There seemed

Once again involved in serious study, I found, to be no reason whatever why not. It was safe,

miraculously, that there were actually fun, topwasn't it? Why not? No reasons, just a funny

quality thinkers at BYU. Full of enjoyment, fall feeling saying, "Don't."

semester whizzed by. Christmas again! Back on "Hey, you coming?"

the Zephyr and home for the holidays. "No, I don't think so. No, I'm not afraid, it just

I couldn't wait to see my old friends, especially doesn't hit me right, that's all. If you're so big on

Linda. She had a new beau, her first of this kind, honesty and selfrevelation, why take a pill to

The name hadn't been coined yet, but now we'd do it?"

call him a "hippy."I was dying to meet him, as I could have kicked myself that night as I greeted

she'd made him sound so intellectual, worldly, and the New Year watching Jack Paar. All that fun!

attractive. Back on the Zephyr. BYU land. I was graduated,

One night they came to my parents'home. He got married, and LSD and other drugs became

was attractive—a tall, blond Nordic type, obviously household words and black clouds hanging over

intelligent, relaxed, but a little strange in his speech, many people's lives. I'm teaching junior high

His conversation was extremely intense, and to me, school now, and many of my students are very conat least, it made no sense at all. I learned later that cerned about drugs and all the other significant

he had been on a "trip."Linda had obviously questions of life.

flipped over him, but she seemed even more nervous My students ask me, "When are you going to than usual. She told me about his plans for a have your baby, Mrs. Garza?"

paper—studying the effects of peyote in Mexico. "July,"I answer.

Very interesting. Linda nervously admitted that "Do you want a boy or a girl?"

she was still deciding whether to go with him or not. "It doesn't matter. The important thing is that

Era, January 1970 77 it's healthy and normal!"It is too horrible to imagine. The joy I feel now

I laugh, and suddenly the words "healthy"and would be a nightmare, now that the "harmless, non- "normal"hit me very hard. I try to picture my addicting"drug has been discovered to be one of

baby—healthy and normal. Dozens of news reports the most permanently harmful, powerful drugs

flash before my mind recent news reports: "LSD known to man.

Found to Produce Permanent Chromosome DamHow many choices will you have to make? How

age! Harmful to Offspring!"will you make them? Think ahead into the undis-

I wonder what mental agonies I would be going covered realms of scientific discovery that will through if I'd popped those supposedly harmless discover the real powers and significance to today's pills a few years ago. What if I hadn't listened to socalled "safe"turnons. O

that small inner voice that said, "This just doesn't hit me right, but I can't tell you why"? What

further anguish would I experience if I were to give birth to a child, deformed by a bad choice of my own?

-,..

K

Idatf'

'V

vvi #1M!K. "

& -f,<: miH

<myvow By President Hugh B. Brown

First Counselor in the First Presidency

yr KeFe haveha no nostalgic yearning for "the good temperance, propriety, culture, and integrity. Let

old days."They had their time and place, and we our thoughts, words, dress, and general deportment

appreciate the distinctive examples of our fathers indicate our belief in the sanctity of the body as the and mothers who met life's problems with notable temple of God even as Paul declared it to be:

success. "... for ye are the temple of the living God; as

Although the poet said, "Time makes anGod hath said, I will dwell in them, and walk in cient good uncouth,"our ancestors had some values, them; and I will be their God, and they shall be

standards, and fashions that were based on dismy people.

criminating good sense, deep spiritual insight, and "Wherefore come out from among them, and be religious faith. These values do not change with ye separate, saith the Lord, and touch not the untime. clean thing; and I will receive you,

We pray that virtue and modesty may garnish "And will be a Father unto you, and ye shall be the thoughts and adorn the lives of our people, my sons and daughters, saith the Lord Almighty."

young and old; that we may be known for our (2 Cor. 1618.) O

Era, January 1970 79 Flameless Electric Heal is Pure Comfort

... puts a springlike freshness in every room. 'Youth

Speaks Out

Be a Joiner!

"Hundreds of men will die on the battlefields this week, and yet that same old question keeps coming up: 'I'm only one. What can

I do?'Well, I'll tell you what you can do. You can develop yourself

into a strong, opinionated individual who knows who he is and where

Utah Power & Light Co. askinghe is goingyou toandjoinbecomesthe army,involvedbut I inamlifeaskingaroundyouhim.to joinNowtheI'mworldnot

of men, to find the truth, and then to stand up and defend your

HAVE I'-fl beliefs."—Paul Larson, Salt Lake City, Utah

MORE B/gM&J What Leads to Failure?

ENERGY iliaJBI

''Knowing leads to success; not knowing leads to failure.'ButFOR h3

WINTER in our journey into learning the angles of a triangle or where the development of a nation is gained, we should seek to find knowledgeFUN!

:3|H Iff JHy -jffijMK 11 that involves the growth of character and the development of the

spiritual side of man. It is important that we learn lessons that will

teach us how to live."—Sydney Brown, Salt Lake City, Utah

LEE Home Stone Ground You and Happiness

WHOLE WHEAT "Happiness can be different things to different people. To some,

Fresh whole wheat flour packed with happiness is fun and games. To others, happiness is a good book, energy fun winterEXTRA for MORE

or summer. Your family will love the a quiet night at home. But almost universally the greatest and most

flavor of bread and made your home rich genuine happiness comes from giving of oneself to others.bakery from the energy made

whole wheat flour you stone grind "Go out of your way to help someone. Each day, make it a

yourself. point to do something special for someone else. For example, tonight

Your family can reap a rich harvest so she can health. Serve ofthembouyantyour after dinner you might offer to do the dishes for Mom

bakery home made or relax and read the paper. After she recovers from the shock, show

cereal from the made whole grain. her that your offer is genuine by doing the work cheerfully and

LEE HOUSEHOLD FLOUR quickly. After you're through, don't go bragging to the world that MILL

Write today for free inforyou've done your good deed for the day. You will have your reward

mation and recipes. in the inner happiness you feel and the knowldge that you've brought

LEE ENGINEERING CO. real happiness to your mom."—Kathy Poulter, California. 2023 W. Wisconsin Avenue

Milwaukee, Wis. 53201

Dept. IE 1-70

80 Era, January 1970 M HAWAII HAWAII HAWAII HAWAII HAWAII HAWAI HAWAI HAWAII HAWAII HAWAII HAWAII HAWAII

I HAWAI

THE CHURCH COLLEGE OF HAWAII Needs Additional Faculty and Staff! YOU can HAWAII

Teach and Live Where There is—Spiritual and Intellectual Growth in a HAWAII

Religious Atmosphere A Progressive, Informed Faculty HAWAII

Accreditation by Western Association of Schools and Colleges HAWAII

A Diverse World Studentbody Unmatched Scenery and Climate HAWAII

Located in Historic Laie—near the Temple, Polynesian Cultural Center and Beaches HAWAII

Put diawaiL hv QJjdxvl JuIwisl diomsb (planA. HAWAII

For Information concerning Faculty and Staff Openings, now and next year, write to: HAWAII

THE CHURCH COLLEGE OF HAWAII I HAWAI Laie, Hawaii 96762

HAWAII I I A\4/A II..If you sell

let's talk about new growth for you with Beneficial Life!

We're looking for men who know they are worth potential than any other agent's or manager's more than they are now earning. Men who are contract we've heard of. We've been told it's the

dedicated to the idea of serving others while most farreaching and rewarding contract in helping themselves grow. If you're this kind of the industry. That's saying a lot, but we can back

man, you believe in changing, improving and it up. We also have very competitive products.

constantly raising your sights. That's our philo- A prime example is our new Gold Leaf term

sophy too. For example, we are expanding our series. It offers $100,000 insurance at age 35

operations in states where we are already located with annual rates as low as $252.00. It's hard to

and we're also moving into new states. This match rates like that.

has created an urgent need for new consultants sell, to better sell than bigger and want you and.. tell to story ourand managers new. and //

Is your J. write, collect, call before, or ever Clyde Summerhays,

life insurance to tell. exciting story an have sales Ourwe

vice president, 3648401, W. South 47 (801) CLU, Beneficial is It's part story. different. of thatcontract talk City, Let's Salt 84101. Utah about Lake Temple

It will do more to help you reach your true NEW GROWTH FOR YOU!

Beneficial Life SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH