SEPTEMBER

An automatic GAS range keynotes the MODERN kitchen

Today's "CP"automatic gas range has heat control...the mechanicalbrain clock

everything. It's as beautiful as it is practical control that cooks a whole meal while

... as modern as it is timetested. * Visit you're away. * Inquire about the new kityour gas company or appliance dealer and chenventilator that whisks away vapors,

see the new models. Observe the selflight- odors, greases, resulting from all cooking

ing burners... the lively blue flame that by any method. * See and compare... beleaps from lowsimmer to quickboiling at cause we cannot begin to enumerate here

a fingertouch, or gives you any degree of all the reasons why you, too, will prefer a heat between. * See the flameperfect fully automatic gas range for cooking!

smokeless broiler... the automatic oven-

U N T A I N F U E L S U P P LY

.

ft They go JhellNIHRStB together!

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

A new onestep photographic process has been announced by Edwin H. and

Land. Finished positive pictures are

produced directly from the camera in TOMATO SOUP about one minute after the exposure.

A positive paper strip is rolled against the exposed negative with a reagent in Crisp autumn air sets appetites between which develops the negative on edge for soup and Saltines!

and forms the positive at the same Tomato soup, of course.. or crisp, colorful

are peeledtime. the two strips When tomato salad - - made from the pick of the essentially dry. areapart both

+ crop, ripened and flavored by the September

A new baby crib sheet is shaped to sun. Served with flaky, flavory Saltines..

slip over the corners of the matwhat a meal! M

tress eliminating hospital corners and 9pins.

TITosquitoes find their way to their human victims by the odor of the human breath. This is the conclusion

drawn from experiments at the Hebrew

University in Jerusalem.

>An effective sunburn jelly was developed during the war by a project at General Electric Company. The

best protection found against the sun was a dark red veterinary petrolatum, once used to treat collar gall on horses.

The jelly gives protection without irritating the skin and does not rub off.

A specific cure named prostigmine, short for neostigmine methyl sulfate, for the bite of the black widow spider has been announced by Drs. J.

E. Bell and J. A. Blone.

A shark repellent has been developed by the United States Navy.

The effective chemical is copper acetate.

HPhe first stamp, the "Penny Black,"was issued in 1840 by Great Britain. An estimated 13,370 different

stamps have been issued since of which the United States is responsible for 5,330.

f* reece has an undeveloped potential hydroelectric power almost as great as the Hoover Dam.

A saving of five percent in fuel results from using a smoke eliminator on coalburning ships. Developed by the

British Fuel Research Station to eliminate telltale smoke trails from convoys, the eliminator admits air over the fire to mix with and burn the tary vapors which produce smoke. The apparatus

can be adapted for land boilers. PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY SALT LAKE

SEPTEMBER 1947 565 Advertisements like this, but in larger size, were published by Southern Pacific during

July in major cities on the Pacific Coast as a tribute to Utah and its Pioneers.

UTAH DEDICATES A MONUMENT TO ITS FOUNDERS

TRIBUTE TO A

BRIGHAM YOUNG and the Utah Pioneers * * * THIS IS THE PLACE * * *

"The people who do not revere the deeds of their Southern Pacific is proud of the part it has played in the ancestors will never do anything to be remembered development of Utah. Our history is linked to Utah's since

the driving of the Golden Spike at Promontory in 1869 by their descendants"—macaulay when east and west were united for the first time by transconOne hundred years ago Brigham Young looked down on the tinental railroad. As a part of that pioneer railroad to serve

valley of Great Salt Lake, from the mouth of Emigration Utah, we are especially proud to join the people of this great

Canyon, and said, "This is the place."state in saluting its founding fathers.

With those words he chose for his followers the "land no other people would want."

the state the pioneers and who carved Brigham Young of Tou'll enjoy your visit to inhard-working, wilderness desert were brave, out of Utah genious men. UTAH'S CENTENNIAL

They had to be.

When plows broke trying to pierce the arid soil, they Thisa greatyearCentennial.Utah is celebratingHere are just100a fewyearsof theof progressevents schedwith

dammed City Creek and began the first systematic irrigation uled between now and September: U. S. Archery Meet,

in America. When killing frosts destroyed their first crops, auto racing on Bonneville Salt Flats, U. S. Horseshoe

they stolidly replanted, meanwhile living on a "a few greens, Championship, Western Open Golf Championship, rodeos, thistle and other roots."They successfully withstood plagues fairs, stock shows, a lavish pageantdrama depicting the

of crickets, the lure of California's gold fields, rebuffs to their life and struggles of the Mormon pioneers, and many sportpleas for statehood and much other adversity. They laid a firm masing events.NativityWithdramas,everythingthere fromwill footballbe somethinggames todoingChristin

foundation for the great state that is Utah today. Utah practically every week for the rest of the year.

Commemorating the arrival of Brigham Young and his Utah extends a cordial invitation to you to visit and

Mormon followers, the mountain men, Catholic fathers and participate in the Centennial celebration. You'll see the

others who came earlier, a magnificent monument has been completed monument, colorful pageantry, and scenery of erected at the spot where Young made his Great Decision, unbelievable beauty. Salt Lake City, itself, is an intensely

just east of Salt Lake City. Appropriately, it will be dedicated interesting city.

Thursday, July 24, marking the end of the first century since Southern Pacific offers convenient train service for your to City. and Sierra the Salt Lake Ogden See and High the valley. entered the pioneers

cross Salt the way, the specThe dedication will be the tripReno Great on Lake by rail on year. Centennial spot of Utah's high trip tacular you'll Lucin Causeway. It's a always remember.

Dedication of the "This Is the Place"monument will be on July 24.

The monument is 86 feet wide and more than 60 feet high.

The friendly Southern Pacific S*P 566 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

***'i###i*<i#i*#*#*'#'ii THIBHIMlB By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

the Institute Government of the Director of has fortified writer popularAne

University Utah of scientists the atomic of statement "that there is no adequate defense in bombs, by atomic against. the world".

the of commission U. Subscribers Energy Atomic world, the outside defense suggesting a

little in providprogress has made N. of new, a means achieved by to be of The you ERA gives much for this political controls and ing new Project."By ultrasuper the "Manhattan best current CHURCH devastating weapon. Within its covLITERATURE. durdollars billion over expending two

find each auers you month atomic the war, ing the we produced material written or billions, setting aside otherbomb. By our leaders. Church A dvocates of world government and thoritativespoken by

have apfederal government world it is following that man, now suggested Has it occurred to you what since the President's in numbers ago, signals of could pearedthe radar one year priceless theology, gems of reach the moon within five years and fateful broadcast of August 1945. poetry and downto-earth gosuse it as a base to dominate the world These advocates hailed the Baruch pel you have in the yearby-

volumes of this magafirst, of year plan means a practical as to say, in the Age! Needless Atomic

zine.. energy the solving of atomic problem the urges that suggestion this crass

for preserve not them Why entering control, as the second, and nation to reach, States be theUnited reference future your your and government. for a limited world wedge the moonbase.hold, maintain and edification? childrens We urge

On the other hand, some now say that you to do so.

"\17hat is your answer to the question the U.N. is a failure, that it was only

the Soviet facade behind which a Universal love energy? of atomic Single (12 numbers) volumes bound spreadwhile could "cooperate"Union universal for fellow a one's on men attractive, in durable, cloth blue its through domination and Europe the But ing problem. solve scale would binding, $2.25 in gold stamped this these as Asia, of a result view and it it get in time? get and you dohow postage. plus each, critics the negative for are next waiting principle of brotherly love the dateTo

has not prevented men from dying of step, Bring them in or mail them to us gunshot wounds, bows and arrows, swords and spears, or even automo- '"Phe problem of atomic weapons has biles. to be solved. General Eisenhower

If the same "free agents"who kill has established an especially selected with guns, automobiles, swords, and study group on the general staff of the spears are handed atomic weapons, can United States Army for the sole purthe world be safe? An automobile or pose of attempting to imagine, visualJke <UJe5eret r fieuus

gun kills its dozens, but an atomic ize, and perhaps conjure up means of defense to suit technology. the newweapon can reduce the race. re$$

Scientists, Inc., however, p. Atomic The

Tn August 1945, the President of the state that there is no defense, military 29 Richards Street, Salt Lake City

United States went on the air and or scientific, against the atomic bomb.

spoke the following words:

Sixteen hours ago an American airplane dropped one bomb on Hiroshima, an important Japanese army base. That bombhad more power than 20,000 tons of TNT. Forward...

... It is an atomic bomb. It is a harnessing of the basic power of the universe. with Trained Hands- -

\ '"Phus began the Atomic Age. A year

... later when this column made its Thorough business training is a profitable investment

first appearance, the reader's attention paying dividends throughout your working career... and

was called to man's effort to provide you'll find excellent training facilities at the L. D. S. Business

political and moral harness for this College.

"basic power of the universe."A comparison was made between the AmeriVETERANS: Accredited G.I. training.

canBaruch plan for control of atomic

RETURNED MISSIONARIES: You are allowed special rates.energy and the U.S.S.R.-Gromyko

plan. On March 16, 1946, the United FALL TERM BEGINS TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 2

States Department of State published "A Report on the International ConWrite for detailed information trol of Atomic Energy."This report,

commonly called the AchesonLilenthal for the basisReport, was the Council Security to the Baruch L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGEReport made

of the U.N. and discussed in this 70 North Main Salt Lake City

column of one year ago. To date the

SEPTEMBER 1947 567 Jke Lcover SLIMMER BEACH By Pauline Havard 7V mong the multi- ** tudinous expresthe summer in T)uT sions of the Utah CenQmprweiMtbTa *- heart your tennial celebration, nothing perhaps reflects better SEPTEMBER 1947 VOLUME 50, NO. 9 Withshellthe warm, pink the momenthan the tous occasion the find along

majestic of rotunda beach; the "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"You sunbright

State Utah Improvement Mutual Capitol Official Quorums, of the Priesthood Organ the surf's deep Heed representing Building Committee, of Education, Music Associations, Department Ward bell.

a cherished ideal of the Teachers, and Other Agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of beauty go unfree and Latterday Saints Let no pioneers—a savored, protective government.

Centennial Queen is For, when summer's

Calleen Robinson, of * gone, American Fork, Utah, To you who pocket who was selected by loveliness will linger Pioneers. the Daughters of Utah Lkurcn Jeatwres This on.hour

photograph The was children's song, Sea taken BoyMarvin by "This Is the Place"Monument Dedication laughter distant it er, and adapted was quietly sure but George Albert Smith 570 Are for use cover by

Charles Jacobsen. The Pioneers J. Reuben Clark, Jr. 572 Building Memory's

The Meaning of "This Is the Place"Monument shining rafter,

David O. McKay 573 Fashioned to endure.

renera Evidences and Reconciliations: CXV—What Did the Pioneers Contribute to the Welfare of Others?

John A. Widtsoe 597 * (conference rjotice

Bishopric's 602 Change of Address: Od. 3, 4, 5, 194 7 TheMelchizedekChurch MovesPriesthoodOn 591600 yhePagepresiding

Column....601 NoLiquor-Tobacco days'Fifteen notice resemi-an118th 605 Gleaner '"Phe D*ar in History..601 September Church for of quired adchange * general connual

dress. ordering a When of the ference Church

include please change, in the will convene slip a from address 3, October Tabernacle jreat eatures special issue the recent of maga- 5. years in 4, and As >P zine. changes Address passed, the November

unless cannot be made 575 Centennial Days issue of ImproveThe well as old as the address will the of report Governors Gathering 577 ment Era The is included. the one new conference proceed- I 578 Centennial The Trek—Part Wendell J. Ashton ings.

Alcohol and the College Student William J* Faulkner 581 Executive and Editorial

Let's Talk It Over Mary Brentnall 585 Offices:

The Church University Edith Russell 588 50 North Main Street,

Editors The Spoken Word from Temple Square...Richard L. Evans 592 Salt Lake City 1, Utah.

George Albert Smith Copyright 1947 by MuJohn A. Widtsoe Exploring the Universe, FrankHoming: "Daughter Hubbard's tual Funds, Inc., a CorManaging Editor lin S. Harris, Jr 565 Cupboard,"Lavonne Lanporation of the Young

Richard L. Evans These Times, G. Homer Durgolf 598 Men's Mutual Improve567 ham Corner, Cook's Josephine B. of the Association ment Assistant Managing President from Message A Nichols 598 of Christ of Jesus Church Editor S. 570 Harry Truman All Saints. Latterday Green Doyle L. the 624 Bookrack On to Serve, Gladys Will The rights reserved. SubscripEditor Associate 628 Page 587 Robertson Your and Ours Vondy year, price, tion a $2.00 Joseph son C. Marba

single in advance; 20c

General Manager copy.

George Q. Morris

Post the at Entered Associate Manager City, CdlLorials Office, Salt Lake Cannon Lucy G.

secondclass as Utah, Business Manager for Widtsoe John A. Traditions; Cherish Them 596 matter. Acceptance We Have

John D. of special rate at mailing L. Richard Evans 596 Giles MJ.A. Theme

Editorial Associates in for provided postage

Elizabeth J. Moffitt section 1 103, Act of OcAlbert L. Zobell, Jr. tober 1917, authorized

Harold 2, 1918. Lundstrom J-)tones, J-oetn July Advertising National Improvement Era The

Representatives is not responsible for un-

S. Townsend, Edward in the IX Hole Prince Redd 582 Anna solicited manuscripts, but Rock—Chapter

Francisco and San contributions. welcomes Story) (Second Withered Place Winning One Rose, Los Angeles

Dougan and Bolle, - Alice Morrey Bailey 594

Chicago and Summer Beach, Pauline HavNow, September, Courtney All manuscripts must be

New York suffiby accompanied ard 568 Cottam 604 delivery cient postage for Member, Audit Bureau of Frontispiece: Patriarchal Tree,

Circulations Dorothy J, Sartori 569 Geraniums, Georgia M. Eberand return.

Trees in Autumn, Laura Emily ling 616

Mau 598 Poetry 623 568 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Photograph from a collection of Harrison R. Merrill

Patriarchal lree

2> o you remember hands that set you here By

Beside this hillside streamlet, Pioneer? DDRDTHY J.

Were you a Nauvoo seedling stowed away,

A touch of home for one who feared the gray SARTDRI

Of sage and kept your slender roothairs damp

Through wracking tedium of trail and camp?

They who bore you to this knoll have passed

To mounts uncircled by canals. You are the last;

You stand apart, stoic as an aged brave

Left by his tribe, alone, to wait the grave.

Old Patriarch, the dipper is spilling down

The sapphire evening to cool your crown.

Though time has deeply furrowed this gray bark,

Your mighty trunk is still locked to the dark

Of earth, and every wide, farreaching bough

Looms large as a mountain fir. We mark you now

As you have marked this longunfurrowed hill.

We leave you to this constant stream and the will

Of God, to ring this season, ancient tree,

Beneath your cambium, the century.

SEPTEMBER 1947 569 (As Chairman of the "This Is the

Place"monument commission.??

President George Albert Smith presided at the dedication. FolJhis jjl Jke ace

lowing are his introductory remarks. )

is the culminaexpectation.Thistion morningof a great

One hundred years ago today there came out of this canyon a group of people, 143 men, three women, and two children, of the original band that left Winter Quarters.

When they came here and looked but over this valley, they saw what you can see this morning, minus all the vegetation and all the houses and development now visible.

What they beheld was a wilderzens have been working under the lished his reputation in the world as ness. But they came to make a home; direction of the governor of the state a sculptor and builder, should create

they came with the promise of the to prepare something that will be this monument. And it was agreed

Prophet Joseph Smith that they permanent so far as permanency with Mahonri M. Young that he

would become a mighty people in the can be, from material things, and so should undertake it, and he has been midst of this country and of these this monument was begun. In order working faithfully ever since. We

mountains. Now we see what has to get the very best, we looked are grateful that he has succeeded

happened. around over the country; in fact we so well. And we are sure that you,

During the last few years, and looked around over the world, and with him, are delighted with the during the last few months particuwe decided that a descendant of result.

larly, a group of your fellow citiBrigham Young, who had estabThe monument itself is finished, and this day, with the blessing of our Heavenly Father, it will be dedicated. of our assohave several -A WmafB from HARRY S. TRUMAN * * * ciates,We citizens of this country, men

PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES who are faithful and have done (The following telegram was read at the monument dedication by Herbert great work in many ways, with us.

B. Maw, Governor of Utah.) Some of them will be on the proits beginning states great had the Union of the of a hear them all.

out oyer years looked ONEhundred gram. It is not possible for us to ago Young Brigham when

the valley of the Great Salt Lake and made his prophetic I may say to you that among declaration: "This is the place."those that you do not see is the son

On that memorable day when the vanguard of Latterday of Washakie, the Indian Chieftain.

Saints beheld for the first time the promised land, there had Charles Washakie is over there by ended a 1,400mi/e trek across the western country which will the monument with his wife and always stand as one of the greatest migrations in American granddaughter. In other words, we

history. have two generations of the Washzeal sagacity courage, Brigham and religious Young The of akie family here, and we are glad

thirst, disease his inspired to endure hunger and and followers they are here because they will find a hundred privations incident to the long march through a desolate and hostile country. on that monument a heroic statue of

But the valiant band triumphed and were joined later by the Washakie, the great Indian who main body of Saints. Through their labors was fulfilled the said to those who wanted to have

prophecy of scripture and the desert was made to blossom like him discourage the people from setthe rose. tling here and to drive them out:

And now a hundred years later Utah stands in proud place "I have never encouraged my people among her sister commonwealths. Her rich agriculture, her to destroy the white men,"and he

business and industry, her pioneering in the social services, her refused to be a party to such prothe least, not education, zeal and her men and for of wisdom unexcelled her valiant given have by any ceedings. He was always the friend a prestige women

other state. of the white man, and we welcome

It gives me great pleasure to send hearty felicitations and Charles Washakie with his wife warmest personal greetings to all who participate in this notable and granddaughter here this mornCentennary. ing on equal terms with all the rest

of those who are honored.

570 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IbJicaUicauonMONUMENT AT THE DEDICATION Grant, O Father, that the sons and daughters of these men and

PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT women may be reared in the spirit

SMITH PRESIDED of prayer, thanksgiving, and virtue, that day by day this nation we live in will continue to be a light unto the world.

And, O Father, in the midst of confusion that is everywhere, the uncertainty, the doubt, the selfishness already—in the referredmidst of tothesein thisthings,meetingbless

us in America, in this part of America, that we may repent of our foolishness, our lightmindedness and

DEDICATORY should,our wrongdoing,that all therealizing,blessingsas thatwe are worth while may come to us only as a result of honoring thee PRAYER and keeping thy commandments.

The pathway of righteousness is the highway of peace. Help us, O Lord,

(-'resident Ljeorae Mtoert Smith to walk in that pathway.

Now in memory of those brave souls who pioneered the wilderness,

Father which art in heavwho came here not only a hundred Ouren, Hallowed be thy name. years ago, but who also came before

Thy kingdom come. Thy will and since, we stand today with our

be done in earth, as it is in heaven. heads uncovered, with thanksgiving

We stand in thy presence this in our hearts. We pray that thou

morning on this quiet hillside and wilt bless their descendants, that look at a great monument that has they may cultivate the traits of been erected in honor of thy sons character that were exemplified by and daughters and their devotion their forebears and add to those to that which they thought would ideals that this land may be blessed, be beneficial to our country and the and that men and women everyrealize that here is the people who dwell here. We thank through North and South America where may

thee, our Heavenly Father, that this there are thy children who love thee true spirit of brotherhood.

has been completed and that not and honor thee and thy name. While we dedicate this monuall of those or two, but one who while been of stone, it has and ment didst grateful that thou are We in are recogthat early day came figures of thy the embellished by to raise the us gave up men who

nized as far as possible upon this the Constitution of the United children, we realize that these are monument. States, that under thy inspiration it all now at peace with one another.

We pray that we may be blessed was written and has given to us How can we, Heavenly Father, as with the same spirit that characterpeace and comfort and satisfaction we live in the world and enjoy the ized those faithful ones who beinsofar as we have honored and influence of thy Spirit, fail to be at lieved in thee and thy Beloved Son, respected it and sought to be worthy peace with one another? Grant that

who came into this valley because of it. we may remember the advice and

they desired to live here and worGrant, O Lord, that all who dwell counsel of thy Son when he was ship thee. We pray that the spirit upon this great land of North and upon the earth, that we should love

of worship and of gratitude may South America may look to thee and our neighbor as ourselves, and lovcontinue in our hearts. appreciate the blessings they enjoy, ing our neighbors as ourselves, that

We thank thee, Heavenly Father, and grant, O Father, that the hearts we will devote ourselves to doing that thou didst lead the children of of the people who dwell in the the things that will enrich our lives.

Israel through the wilderness and United States of America may be Bless our nation and the world.

into the Promised Land; that thou turned to righteousness, that they With all our hearts we thank thee

didst bring the Pilgrim Fathers to may appreciate what it means to for thy favors bestowed upon us.

this Western Hemisphere, and that dwell in a land favored above all We are blessed as no other people others followed them, so that all other lands. (Concluded on page 627)

SEPTEMBER 1947 571 (Continued) Uke Place"MONUMENT DEDICATION3L A

the forget that on should we of this THE PIONEERS eastNorside now monument we dedicate there stands a statue of

Dm /J. IKevcoen, Llark} Ar. Chief Washakie, a great Indian, a

OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY stalwart friend of the Pioneers, their protector against raids by hostile are here to pay tribute to ville, Father DeSmet, General Fretribes.The first party of Pioneers inthis others. the the "pathfinder,"of great inmont, founders and three and 143 men, cluded women,WE all in these land empire which of mighty men we A host valiant, this adBut two children.live in joy and plenty. were—brave, courageous, enterprisventurous group was but a vanWe are to dedicate a shaft and ing, adventurous, boon companions guard of thousands that were to

base, hewn from the eternal granite of hardship and privation, but with follow, some hundreds in the same hillsfathers—aof this shaftmountainto standrefuge forof ourall highAs pioneersresolve theyand wereindomitablethe ancestralwills. year,that cameand after.thousands in the years

time solemnly to witness and to teskin of those who followed in the Brother Brigham and his band tify of the honor, the respect, and next years. came to a foreign land, over which

the love we hold for those founders, floated a foreign flag. They came

for their great achievements, and HThe immigrants came after these, driven from their native land and for their sterling virtues that were first as a tiny trickle which soon from under their own flag by more unyielding and enduring than swelled into a great stream rushing armed mobs who burned their the granite from which this shaft is towards the golden sands of Calihomes and robbed them of the bewrought. fornia and the rich soils of the longings that, fleeing, they left beGreat peoples and great comnorthwest. Of these, so long as hind. Yet, arrived in the new home,

monwealths are not built in a day memory lasts, we shall ponder and our Pioneers raised the flag of the nor by a single adventure. They shudder over the hardships, the dishomeland from which they had been

are the sum of many factors. They ease, and the starvation of the Donexpelled. They set up a protecting

are slowrising out of ceaseless work ner party, perishing in the driving government with the rights and and a neverdying faith. So grew snows of the upper Sierras. We liberties that, in their old home, had

we in these valleys. shall always hold them in grateful been guaranteed by their beloved

Thus our monument bears record remembrance for they blazed the Constitution, but which they had of those first intrepid, tireless extrail across plains and through not enjoyed. From that moment

plorers, disciplined by hardship and mountains which led our Pioneers when they raised the stars and exposure, Fathers Escalante and to these peaceful valleys. stripes until now, they have cherDominguez and their companions, Next came those of whose arished these rights and liberties and

whose zeal for the cause they folrival this is the one hundredth anthe free institutions which were eslowed knew no bounds. Theirs were niversary. tablished by that Constitution. They

the first European eyes that beheld First coming were the scouts that affirm that the Constitution was these valleys. We honor their bravled the advance party of the Piowritten under the inspiration of the

ery and courage, their willingness to neers, Brothers Orson Pratt and Almighty. They strive so to uphold

sacrifice, their loyalty, their unErastus Snow. They shouted aloud it. Their patriotism has for them

plumbed devotion to duty, their for joy when "issuing from the the sanction of the King of kings, faith; they gave happy promise of mountains among which they had God Almighty himself.

the qualities which made possible been shut up for many days"their our glorious commonwealth. eyes rested upon the broad expanse rpODAY, Brother Brigham's grandThen came the trappers led by of this valley. They came on July son, Mahonri Young, has made

General Ashley, also Jim Bridger, 21, 1847. On the following day, this heroic monument, which, in its

the discoverer of Great Salt Lake, July 22, another group entered, insimple beauty, its understanding

Kit Carson, Peter Skene Ogden, cluding Brothers George A. Smith, concept, its high artistry of execuand the rest, who took first toll in John Brown, Joseph Matthews, John tion, its enduring bronze and granfurs from the natural riches of this Pack, O. P. Rockwell, J. C. Little, ite, completely typifies the greatness

mountain fastness, and who are imand "one other."The main body of each and all the heroes whom he

mortalized in the names of mounof the caravan followed. Then, on so helps to immortalize. We thank

tains, valleys, and streams of this the 24th came the brethren whose you, Mahonri, as your grandfather great area. They found the trails, heroic figures crown this great shaft, would thank you, for this glorious

the low passes, the traversable Brother Brigham and his faithful astribute to him and to those who gulches, ravines, and canyons, sociates, Brothers Heber C. Kimball worked with him, as well as to all

through which the settlers were able and Wilford Woodruff. those who passed this way before

later to enter the valleys.

Other great explorers came to this vast wilderness and traversed its great expanse—Captain Bonne- C/od shapes his servants

572 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

he came. This is a monument not

only to all these, but to you, Jke eanin 4. yourself. We again express our

thanks and our congratulation.

We can but reflect in this sacred "THIS IS THE PLACE"hour that God's ways are not always man's ways, and that he onument moves in a mysterious way to perform his wonders.

Even at the knees of our mothers, By Ibavid 0. W}cJ(ay

we learned how God stretched out OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY his hand to protect Israel in her flight enslaving from an Egypt that Thirdly, from in mind Smith, he had Your Excelto President the Promised benign Land; how his all to distinthis radiate center there would lency Governor Maw,

spirit brooded over and safeguarded guished guests, people of Utah: the world a message of truth, insothe Pilgrim Fathers seeking where Monuments are links that unite one far as it would be possible for that

they might worship him as their generation to another. We assemble little band and those who followed

consciences should direct; how he here today to unveil and dedicate them to declare that truth to the

sustained, preserved, and magnified one of the great monuments of the world, to establish brotherhood, this modern Israel, who, fleeing world. In some respects it is most peace, and above all, faith in God,

bloodthirsty mobs, found a haven unique and outstanding. It is a our Father.

of refuge in the barren wilderness monument designated by a sentence. Fourthly, he had in mind to estabof the Great Basin. In our country we have the lish in this place worship, industry,

One thing in common all these Washington Monument, the Lineducation, and mutual service.

peoples had in their search for freecoln Monument, the Thomas Jefdom to worship God—a schooling ferson Monument, the Brigham "Degarding the importance of eduin hardship, persecution, sacrifice Young Monument, and others cation President Young said on

that burned out from their souls the erected to individuals. This monuone occasion soon after they entered

dross, leaving in them only the pure ment is designated as "This is the the valley:

gold of loftiest character and faith, Place"Monument.

tried, fully tested, refined. First fort build protect has yourand your God sentence, serves or phrase Every

selves depredations. as soon from you As his never out purposes worked purposes; a certain it denotes two built let log house, a sufficient have your the through victims of pampered

it thing; also connotes, sometimes, for appropriated of rooms be number

living. riotous ease luxury and and teachers, the furnished best and by for schools, things. Lincoln, Abraham many Always he has used to meet the example, denotes a long, tall, angugive every child among you an opportuin in his great crises his nity continuing work, those of education and anew

lar his individual, but connotes name that attends see to individual he it. That hardship, privation, perand whom of the the preservation and Union his opportunity has an to educate who built secution characters had and

other historical events that are cherchildren and does not, is not worthy to wills of iron. God shapes his servished by every true citizen of the have children. Teach your children the

ants in the forge of adversity; he United States. Let us consider for a principles of the kingdom that they may

does not fashion them in the hotgrow in righteousness. moment or two what the phrase, house of ease and luxury. "This is the place,"connotes. Fulfilment of prophecy—a place So, one hundred years ago an oxyears ago today the of refuge and peace—a center from drawn wagon train crawled wearily A hundred

down the sunparched benchland great leader, President Brigham which would radiate the message of this valley over looked Young, and place establish wherein to floor. to the valley later, the truth—a A day right is the place. Drive said: "This industry, true worship, education, their whitetop feverstrick- drawing en leader, came up over the rise at on."What did he have in mind and service—these are some of the

when he said: "This is the place"? thoughts connoted in the mind of the canyon's mouth to this spot.

Brother Woodruff turned the whiteBy reading the reports of his serBrigham Young when, a century top half round. Raising up on his mons we find that he had in mind, ago, he said: "This is the place!"

elbow, Brother Brigham looked out first, the prophetic utterance of the he loved, the Prophet '"Phe Centennial Commission, with upon the scene before him—scorched man whom

uplands sloping to a baked plain, Joseph, who said the Saints would all associated, have tried to combeyond and about dun, slightly go to the West, build cities, and bememorate these ideals in the celecome a mighty people in the midst bration that has been carried on wooded mountains—with a dead

sea lying like shimmering silver to of the Rocky Mountains. now since January 1, 1947. They

the northward. Here and there to Secondly, when that great leader commemorate first the building of

the southward little rivulets of uttered the sentence, "This is the cities and these commonwealths, green trickled out of mountain place,"he had in mind that here and to that end the program has gorges into the valley; they showed they would find a place of refuge been carried forward to every ham-

(Continued on page 625) and peace. let and county in this state. They

have tried to commemorate the fostering of education in music, art,

In Ike form of adversity drama, pageantry,{Concludedandon pagephysical601

SEPTEMBER 1947 573 VjiL |g <*>. <** * *

IS'i&ffiJiWfc Certainly the symbol of the state of Utah—the honeybee

during vindicated—has been CENTENNIAL DAYSthis centennial Something summer.

has been going on for everyone, and no matter how varied the interof mighty pioneers, rugged and ised that the state would obtain all ests or the desires there has been sturdy, invincible and faithful men the section of land from the monusome activity that would interest of 1847, who under God made it ment to Emigration Canyon to be each person. possible for the men of 1947 to live in set aside as a memorial to the pioNaturally the focus of attention this good state in plenty, prosperity, neers. Also to be preserved is a

reached its peak around July 24 and peace.... The pioneers... destrip of land a mile wide, extending

with the dedication of the "This Is manded freedom of speech, freedom along the old Mormon Trail to the Place"Monument in Emigration of assembly, freedom of worship, Henefer, Utah, a distance of thirtyCanyon and the issuance of the cenfreedom of press. In this new censix miles.

tennial stamp. "This Is the Place"tury which we mark so brilliantly The part of the state park conMonument was commemorated not today we too shall strike, sturdy and taining the monument will be landonly by the Church of Jesus Christ unafraid, for all those sacred freescaped; the rest of the park, exof Latterday Saints but also by the doms which ennoble mankind...."tending to Henefer, will be restored

other three leading churches of the Rabbi Alvin S. Luchs of the Jewto the condition in which the Piocommunity: the Catholic, the Episish church stated that we today neers of '47 found it.

copalian, and the Jewish. Most need the same virtues that the pioAdded to the addresses of PresiReverend Duane G. Hunt, bishop of neers possessed. We need "men dents George Albert Smith, J.

the Catholic diocese of Salt Lake who fear God, men who tell the Reuben Clark, Jr., and David O.

City, stated: "Heroic virtues are truth, and men who will not take a McKay (see pp. 570573), the singuniversal, in the sense that they are bribe.... We need more than anying of the Boy Scouts who had been

not limited to any race or color, to thing else a return to a resuscitaencamped at Fort Douglas, and the any nationality or creed. Admiration tion of that religious morality which playing of the marine band made

for these virtues likewise is univerthe pioneers of 1847 exemplified. the dedication a stirring, solemn, and

sal, at least it should be.... We have lost the sense of modeeply satisfying experience.

"The challenge lies for us today in rality because we have lost the sense The spiritual pageant, The Mets- a different field: Today the obof God. I bespeak a return to those sage of the Ages, presented in the

stacles we confront are quite differpioneer virtues for which our foreTabernacle from May 6 to June 6, ent from those of pioneers. We are bears cared, for which we today nightly except for Sundays, was

called upon not so much to conquer honor them and which virtues alone the first great centennial presentathe hardness of inanimate nature as can be the means of the restoration tion. It was a veritable feast and

the sinfulness of human nature. Our of peace and sanity in our world."a stimulus to those who attended.

victories must be spiritual more than About 135,000 attended this presmaterial."Tn dedicating the five hundredacre entation, and approximately 1,400

Rt. Reverend Arthur Moulton of state park which surrounds the participated in the production.

the Episcopal Church stated, "We "This Is the Place"Monument, The Scout camp also made the are offering to the world... images Governor Herbert B. Maw prom- ( Continued on page 576 )

1. The Sons of Utah Pioneers Centennial Trek caravan arriving in Salt Lake City.

2. Boy Scouts marching through the entrance to

Centennial Scout camp.

3. The 3G Scout encampment from Arizona.

4. Boy Scouts from Canada.

5. The Utah Centennial postage stamp.

6. Boy Scouts from Juarez, Mexico.

7. Float entered by the Temple View L.D.S. Stake.

8. "This Is the Place"float entered in the Centennial parade by the auxiliary organizations of the

Church.

Right: A scene from the spiritual pageant, "The

Message of the Ages,"presented in the Tabernacle.

—Centennial pictures in this issue, courtesy "The

Deseret News,"Salt Lake "Tribune,"Hal Rumel

SEPTEMBER. 1947 575

CENTENNIAL DAYS (Continued from page 575) accomplishment of this Centennial nett and Mary Louise Gardner. The

centennial season noteworthy. For year was the permission granted by second section of the parade depicted

five busy days nearly four thousand the United States post office to print Utah before the coming of settlers.

Boy Scouts of the Church camped a centennial stamp honoring the The third section featured early pioon the historic Pioneer Trail near Mormon pioneers. Postmaster I. A. neer history and developments. Secthe mouth of Emigration Canyon. Smoot stated that almost half a miltion four represented the building

They came from Mexico and Canlion firstday covers were handled of the Salt Lake Temple and the ada, from Texas, New Mexico, Ariby the Salt Lake office, where the City and County Building.

zona, California, Oregon, Washstamps were placed on sale July 24. The fifth division represented the

ington, Idaho, Nevada, Utah, ColoAt other post offices they were sold industry of the presentday world.

rado, Wyoming, Montana, Ohio, on July 25. The evening of July 24 the parade

and Pennsylvania. And they came A special luncheon introduced was repeated with these same floats

in every kind of transportation the stamp, at which Postmaster I. A. but included many additional floats

available. There were Scouts who Smoot was host. The official speaker that had been used in nearby Utah

had just turned twelve and had met was Joseph J. Lawler, third assistant cities which came now to enter this

the minimum requirements only, and postmaster general. Other speakers great centennial parade. The sixth

there were Senior Scouts who had included President David O. Mcdivision, entered on the evening of

achieved every rank and honor posKay and Most Reverend Duane G. July 24, included the county queens

sible. Hunt. and their floats.

Time was at a premium at the centennial camp. The Scouts parpVEN the parades did not spell the

ticipated in the parade of July 23, end of the festivities. The giant

in the unveiling of the "This Is the exposition at the fair grounds which

Place"Monument, on July 24, and has been open since June 2 had speassisted the police in handling traffic cial features that attracted the on July 24. They moreover enjoyed crowd in a holiday mood. To date

a great Scout jamboree in the East this exposition has attracted 425,000

High School stadium as well as visitors, and it is estimated that one other features of the centennial celemillion will have attended before bration and of the region in which the closing date of September 20.

they were camped. Special attractions such as Holiday

Four thousand Scouts and scouton Ice, the million dollar art exers came to Salt Lake City with the hibit, the Water Follies of 1947, and avowed purposes of honoring the other features have added to the pioneers and celebrating the cenregular exposition activities and extennial, and to extend the brotherhibits.

Valley of has Promised been one to of a "brother behood lighter also there man—to moments was JpOR the rare this treats of centennial other thouScout."fourevery And plenty see. to Parades do and

this summer. 21, Opening movJuly scouters Scoutssand returned and the the of were order throughday ing musical, libretto the of which was theirto these with purposes homes cities the interout of the towns and written by Arnold Sundgaard andgloriously achieved! west. In Salt mountain City Lake the music with Gates, Crawford by

the first parade was of the moderndances devised by Helen Tamiris, /"ther monuments were also day covered wagons which arrived attracted 85,000 persons because of dedicated, one a granite shaft July 22. {See page 578 for story.) its excellence. The closing date of

with a plaque commemorating the The second parade was on the August 10 left many persons disapfirst pioneer of campsite northmorning the on a 23, begun July when those been had who pointed—foreast pursuit formation of the City corner of ships P-51 County and unable to see it, for those who, and

Building grounds, dedicated July 23; roared a salute over the city. The having seen it once, desired to see

a five ton granite monument to first of more than twentyfive bands it again. It would be impossible in

Captain James Brown, founder of in the parade was the United States a few words to sum up the magnifiBrownsville, now Ogden, which was Marine Band from San Diego. It cence of this musical, but the greatdedicated July 29, and one honorwas followed by the official cars ness of its theme can be indicated:

ing Lorin Farr, Ogden's first mayor, bearing the Governor of Utah, the the oneness of the membership of

August 14, both on the Ogden First Presidency of the Church, and the Church, the feeling of responCity and County Building grounds. the Centennial officials. sibility of each person for the group

Daughters of the Pioneers were reHorsewomen in colorful Spanish as a whole.

sponsible for the dedication of the costumes were followed by the monuments. On the 24th of July, Pasadena City College "Tourna- "pROM Temple Square the report

a plaque was also dedicated in the ment of Roses"band. Girls in native comes that during six days of the

Utah State Capitol to the 252 living costumes from twenty countries of Centennial week, 58,597 visitors immigrant pioneers who had entered the world were next. Then came went there, and since it was closed

the valley prior to May 10, 1869. centennial queen, Calleen Robinson, on July 24th, the actual numbers

To many philatelists the special and her two attendants, Marie Burwho participated in the Centennial 576 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ments of appreciation for this performance were voiced by the governors on the occasion of PresidentVL GATHERING Smith's reception, and also at other times. The Tabernacle choir was

Alexander Schreiner at the orwith of tL GOVERNORS conducted by J. Spencer Cornwall gan.

signal Centennial event was After the supper, and brief greetThe governors spent an intensivethe gathering of the governors ings and a song or two, the goverly active four days in their meetof the sovereign states, and of nors left to attend a Centennial ings at the Hotel Utah and in seeingAthe territories, of the United States, rodeo at the State Fair Grounds, many things there are to see in and in Salt Lake City, during the week with some of them lingering after around Salt Lake City.

of July 13. the main party had departed. One cannot contemplate these

And one of the significant events Another major event of the Govevents without contrasting 1847 and the Conferenceof Governors'was our years 1947. ago hundred A ernors'a Conference Cenwas for reception supper the them and driven as parents pioneer an were service, tennial for of given song

official their their families andand of only people, deprived outcast not evening, 13, them on Sunday July press repreincluding following, also constitutional rights of but huin the Tabernacle, the Taberby nathe sentatives throughout from consideration. manitarian choir, nacle Traubel, with Helen

tion, at President of the home in the governors 1947, now, And of dramatic the soprano Metropolieve- the Smith, Albert on George nation us share great with of our Association. tan Opera 1947. 15, of ning Tuesday, July in hostelhospitality our homes and this Greetings occasion on were Presiat arrived governors The ries those possible same by made given President Albert by George residence, Yale 1302 Smith's dent pioneers. Smith B. and Governor Herbert a after through parade Avenue,

Maw, with an opening prayer by Words fail in expression of gratidowntown Salt Lake City, in open cars, with motorcycle convoy. They President David O. McKay of the tude for what has been done under

were received in line by President First Presidency, and introductions the guidance of the Lord God in by Lester F. Hewlett, president of the century commemorated by this Smith, his two daughters and sonsin-law, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Murthe Tabernacle choir. Many comCentennial.

ray Stewart, and Mr. and Mrs.

George O. Elliot, and two granddaughters, Misses Martha Stewart

and Nancy Elliot. They were also

informally greeted on this occasion by the General Authorities of the

Church, and by many other invited guests.

After being received by the President and his family, the governors and other guests were served a ceivingPresidentthe Smithgovernorsrebuffet supper and were seated in the assisted by his daughgardens surrounding the President's Stewartters, Mrs. (left),Robert andM.

home. The earlier storm which had Mrs. George O. Elliot.

threatened, passed over to leave a delightful sunset and a pleasantly cool summer setting.

Centennial Days This statue is to be made by Brigthey might perfect rare programs ham Young's grandson, Mahonri for the enjoyment and uplift of the week would undoubtedly have been M. Young, who also created the community. On a series of Sunday

much greater if a check had been statuaries of "This Is the Place"nights these song services have emmade on that day. More people visMonument. It will be made of phasized the spiritual factors in the

ited the Block in July 1947 than Italian carrara marble, and Mr. movement which brought the piothey did in any year from 1925 to Young leaves in September for neers westward to what was then

1935—183,139. Florence, Italy, where the statue a bleak land.

A nation, grateful to Utah for her will be executed. Their faith in God, their earnest

contributions, has finally come to One feature of the celebration desire to serve him lay behind all recognize the greatness of Brigham must be commended doubly—and their sacrifices and their sufferings.

Young who led the long trek westthat is the Tabernacle choir's cenWe their descendants can do no ward. To indicate that appreciation, tennial song services. During the better than to resolve that we too

it has authorized the placing of a long, hot summer months, the faithwill accept their belief and try to statue of Brigham Young in the ful choir members and their organlive by it—benefiting as we have

Hall of Fame, at Washington, D.C. ists and leaders have worked that from their works!

SEPTEMBER 1947. IT 577

CENTENNIAL TREK %

NOTE,

r J 'he reader, it is hoped, will pardon * the personal references in this account of the Utah Centennial trek, which the author believes can best be described in diary form. Similar

incidents in the course of the journey! over the Mormon Pioneer Trail from

| Nauvoo, Illinois, to Salt Lake City were experienced by all 148 mem'bers of the group. Although recorded

conversations are not for obvious reasons given verbatim, they are rep'resentative of the situations.—W.J.A.

Part I was a hot, humid afternoon when

IT our graygreen car rolled under the welcoming shade of NauTop: Trekkersvoo's spreading elms.

pictured IndependWe had been four days coming toricence Rock.at hisfrom Salt Lake City to Nauvoo,

starting point of the Utah CentenCenter: The

nial Trek which was to follow the caravannight formsencircle-a route of the Mormon Pioneers to the mentBridger. at Fort

valley of the Great Salt Lake.

Our car needed greasing before threeBottom:women Thein

the 1947 group following the the journeybeginning left to were, right: PlayNora 947, 1 5,: 1 so we JulyTuesday,

er Richardson, steered it toward the public garage Dorothy Kimball of Nauvoo's mayor, Lowell F. HorKeddington,Ruth Fox Clawsonand

Shields.ton. We knew that he operated

such a place because we had seen a picture of him working at his business on the front page of an Iowa newspaper. It portrayed him with a

beard, since under his leadership, of Utah Pioneers sponsoring the attractive, freshly painted lettering

Nauvoo businessmen had been commemorative trek. in store windows. "Welcome, Morgrowing beards for some weeks as As we drove down Nauvoo's onemons,""Welcome, Pioneers,"the

a friendly gesture toward the Sons street business center, we noticed signs read. We noted that the lone

578 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA iSu Wendell /4* Jithton COMPANY PRESIDENT OF THE CENTENNIAL TREK

theater was named "Mormon Theatre,"and that it was featuring the sevenyear-old film, Brigham Young.

There was an air of friendliness everywhere in this little town, whose streets were still lined, in spots, with the limestone curbing laid by the Saints more than a century before. We later discovered

that people were happy to identify homes—andthe many oldonetwostoryor two framered brickones

—sprinkled through the town. They

were mansions of yesteryears, built by followers of the Prophet Joseph

Smith before they were cruelly driven out by an angry mob in 1846. \\7e found Mayor Horton, rather Top: Centennial caratall and broad, fortyish, sunthevan Place"reaches Monument"This Is

tanned and sincerely friendly and motorcadein Salt LakefromCity Nauafter helpful. With his beard he had some voo, Illinois.

resemblance to President James A.

Garfield. atizeCenter:BrighamTrekkersYoung'sdramIn subsequent conversations with meetingleft to right,withF. scouts,Alburn

Mayor Horton, as well as with other son,Shields, EarlAcel RichardShipley, citizens of Nauvoo, there was often GeorgeDonald B.A.Alder.McClellan,

the expression, (or one similar), back."Come Bottom: you Motorcade MorWe wish

into wends Utah, return. wouldmons Then Nauvoo series lowing of warmfolwould really prosper again."andcomes enthusiasticby cities weland

in Illinois, Iowa, "Our population is now about Nebraska,towns andtwelve Wyohundred,"Mayor Horton ming.

told us.

The temple site had been designated as the fittingout place of the trekkers. Once enthroning the

splendorous gray limestone edifice of the Church, the site is on a large 'domelike eminence near Nauvoo's main street. The Church recently

purchased a substantial portion of it, serving at the time as a baseball diamond, with lights overhead for permitting night play.

As my companion, D. James Can1When the Latterday Saints arrived on the scene

in 1839, the place was called Commerce, consisting of a stone dwelling, three frame ones, and two blockhouses. Much of it was a malarial swamp. During their brief stay there,! 183946, the Saints developed the largest city in Illinois, with nearlv

20,000 people. A United States census in 1840, published in Compendium of the Enumeration of the Inhabitants and Statistics of the United States, by the

United States Department of State, Washington, D.C.,

1841, shows that the combined populations of the then four largest cities Illinois scarcely exceeded half the population in several its prime of NauvooM years later. The four cities and their populations

were: Chicago, 4,470; Springfield, 2,579; Alton,

2,340; Quincy, 2,319, Total population for the four

was 11,708. Louis, St a Mississippi booming River

city at the time, had only 16,469 people. Cleveland's

population was 6,071.

(Continued on page 580) SEPTEMBER 1947 579

THE CENTENNIAL TREK

{Continued from page 579) simulated covered wagons and oxen, of rest and worship. The bugle

non, and I entered the lot, we were had arrived the previous day to would sound at four a.m.—daygreeted with the clattering of hammeet the huge truck bringing all break—on Monday for work on the

mers and the hoarse whining of these supplies from Salt Lake City. wagon tops to resume.

busy saws. Everywhere were highWe noticed that one trekker,

booted men, the trekkers themJames E. Bacon, a Roosevelt, Utah, Cunday was a conference day for

selves, fitting wagon boxes around rancher, had completed his ensemthe Northern States Mission, shining cars, many of them sleek ble over his pickup truck. It looked and President Creed Haymond innew postwar models. smart, with its white canvas, green vited trekkers to join with mission-

"Better get busy,"we thought we and red wagon box, and oxen. He aries at the sessions. Most of the

heard someone shout. "This is a had some extra touches, too; powder meetings were held in the elongated,

twelvehour job."horn and muzzle loader which had frame St. Peter and Paul Parish

Nauvoo must have looked like crossed the plains with his pioneer Hall of the Catholic Church, whose this 101 years ago as the pioneers, forebears, and bells on the oxen's leaders in Nauvoo showed the visrushing to flee the mobs, fitted out necks. itors many courtesies.

wagons for the journey to the Rocky Brother Cannon and I pitched our Arriving in the camp on Sunday

Mountains, where the Prophet Jowhite, peaked tent near an old hand were Elder Spencer W. Kimball of

seph Smith had said, two years bewater pump. Then we started buildthe Council of the Twelve and Mrs.

fore his death, they would become ing our "wagon"around the car. Kimball. They were to be special

a "mighty people."We are both newspapermen and guests on the trek. Upon his arrival,

Trekkers wore brown, tan, gray, poor mechanics. Aldon Anderson, Elder Kimball was told that arand black hats, but most all were Jr., waiting for his companion, with rangements had been made for him

broadbrimmed. Many of them his car, to arrive from Denver, came to give an address over the Carthwore vests, some of leather and othto our rescue. We had the proper age radio station that afternoon. It

ers of cloth. Trousers were tucked tools, for each man, before leaving was the first of about thirty adin boots. (Weeks before, Parley P. home, had been given a list of the dresses that Elder Kimball was to

Giles, historian of the group, had implements needed. But we needed give along the route. It, like all the

prepared an illustrated circular for someone like Brother Anderson, an others, explained phases of Church trekkers showing authentic pioneer attorney with an engineer father, to history and doctrine in the pleasing, clothes to wear. ) There were young show us how to use them. appealing manner that is so charmen and old ones, and all were Night was beginning to fall. acteristic of him. Throughout the

busy, either fitting out their cars or "Looks as though we'll be forced trek we felt a benediction in his greeting new arrivals. to work on these tops tomorrow,"presence.

In the center of the grassfloored someone said. Monday's warm dawn broke with

field was the stock pile. There was Not long thereafter, permission a bang—of hammers. Newspaper

a stack of long 2x4 boards, and was asked of Harry N. Poll to make reporters and photographers were

small mounds of "U"bolts especialan announcement over the sound beginning to arrive. Brother Canly made for fastening "wagon truck. ( One of the cars in the caranon, as public relations officer of the

boxes"to car bumpers. There were van was Brother Poll's new gray camp, was obliged to spend all the

cans of specially made paint for the and red sound truck, complete with time necessary with them. I knew

trek. It was for decorating wagon recordplaying equipment and four that if I were left to it, the task of

boxes and would dry in quick time. large trumpetshaped loudspeakers building a "wagon top"would take

Nearby was a heap of canvas which could be raised high into the a week, perhaps more.

"wagon tops,"all previously taiair on adjustable metal stems. But Brother Bacon, his outfit

lored. Then there was a pile of lifeIt was announced that there completed, came to the rescue. The

size plywood oxen for fitting alongwould be no work on the morrow. first thing he did was to< dismantle

side the car engines. Some were Mayor Horton had arranged for the all that had been done. The holes

painted brown; others, gray; and baseball lights to be turned on, and for the bolts were too big. "They'll

some were spotted. trekkers could toil until midnight. rattle loose in no time that way,"he

Willard R. Smith, designer of the Sunday would be the customary day said.

For the next ten hours, Brother mKM:MM::mli Bacon (who looked and acted like

Abraham Lincoln, without beard) remained with our car, until the job was done. of bolts became exlllll The supply hausted. Desperately, an appeal was

to A monument old carried to Mayor Horton. In but a

dediFort was Union cated by President few minutes, he produced the bolts

Albert Smith George July 3.—in proper size.

As the "wagons"were finished, they were formed in the best type of "circle"that the clearing on the.;,;.3] (Continued on page 618)

580 THE IMPROVEMENT: ERA

ALCOHOL could write of the football playof personal and social conduct.

er who celebrated a victory by and the Leaders in the home, the church,I drinking alcohol and was susand the schools must expose the pended from college, causing his dangers of alcohol; must curtail its

team to lose the conference champopularity by revealing the scientificpionship and giving pain and emCOLLEGE truth of its vicious effects upon barrassment to his parents and physical health, mental efficiency, friends. But I will not. His is an and moral character. American igSTUDENT norance, and gullibility for cleverextreme case. Or I could expound

on the episode of the pretty coed sales talks, are the chief causes of who went to an offcampus party our widespread drinking habits.

with an admiring young man. She Only the truth about liquor and the

took a few "social drinks,"soon betremendous power behind the incame "high,"made a spectacle of dustry will check its inroads into the herself, became offensively ill, and FROM character of our people.

escort. She, deserted by herwas

school dismissed fromtoo, was and "THE MESSAGE MAGAZINE,"NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE Some LittleAboutKnownLiquor1Scientific Facts suffered the usual embarrassments.

But again this is a rare case about 1. Alcohol is not a stimulant It is a

which I will say little. For the avercome "respectable."Liquor adverdepressant2. Alcoholof isthea nerves.subtle and deadly habitage student will say, "So what? tising gets the choicest spots in our forming drug. Beverage alcohol, whether

They were stupid to get drunk. newspapers and magazines; it vies disguised as beer, wine, or whiskey is a

They ought to drink in moderation with cigarets and tobacco to display "narcotic, as are ether and chloroform. Aleffects whenpoisonous or cohol has toxic girls and welldressedand hold their liquor like gentleglamorous

if chiefly not effects being used, these ever parties and hunting men at cocktailmen."brain to and action on the exclusively due

This article is being written in lodges. The result is that drinking other parts of the central nervous system

behalf of that vast majority of colis rapidly becoming as commonplace... mild or severe, acute or chronic aclege students who drink "in modin America as smoking and is being cording to the amount of alcohol conas sumed."best people among the eration"get drunk; never but who accepted

It value. food, alcohol has no 3. As a lies the Herein equally harmless. it is all quite smart,think right, and vitamins, heat, surface provides no some

if not "respectable"to sip a cockcrux of the college student's dilemand is an expensive source of energy.

tail, a highball, or even a straight ma and his undoing. Alcohol, the 4. As a medicine, alcohol may be used

whiskey. It is this huge body of destroyer of character and effias a sedative or a depressant, but not as

respirafor circulation, reliable stimulant in a "respectable"has become are being duped by ciency, students who are redigestion. Safer medicines tion, or best people are no America. The advertising liquorhighpowered and alcohol. placing

smart society that must be reached longer ashamed or afraid of this 5. Habitual users of alcohol are numerand made aware of the subtle dandemon. ous, many becoming alcoholics who regers of alcohol. The school and soquire medical and psychiatric treatment

al750,000 are that there It is estimated 2,250,000 States ciety know how to treat the drunk, f-Tow did this happen—that alcohol coholics and in the United the extreme drinker—they soon put the killer successfully invaded on the way. Women alcoholics are steadihim out of circulation. But they are the American home, the colleges and ly increasing in this country. (An alcoholic

not impressing the moderate beer choice places of recreation? How is one who has become physically ill from

drinker or those who put a little did it happen that a business that habitual drinking of alcohol and whose of the more and more demands "kick"in the punch to make the destroys nerves and contributes to system personality becomes a different drug. He

party "mellow."These are our best frustration and human misery befrom his former self and disintegrates into

young people, from our Christian came a seven billion dollar industry a slave to the thirst.)

homes, who are cultivating new within the past decade? I have al- 6. The bodily functions are not improved

taste, and are gradually coming to ready indicated above that the atby alcohol. Mental acuteness and accuracy

look upon the imbibing of alcoholic titude of the public has encouraged of judgment are impaired, and in chronic alcoholics the brain cells may actually debeverages as being both stimulating the most highpowered liquor adgenerate. No student is helped to profiand harmless. Thanks to clever vertising and propaganda campaign ciency of physical or intellectual performliquor advertising, the example of that this country has ever witnessed. ance by drinking the poison, whether in

the movies, and the complacency of The end is not yet in sight. If we, mild or large amounts.

parents and teachers, the drinking the parents, businessmen and womeases,7. Alcoholand is aiscontributingthe cause factorof variousin others.disof intoxicants has been lifted out of en, ministers, teachers, social workFrom 10,000 to 12,000 alcoholic patients are

the realm of morals and is apparenters, doctors, and all public servants, given pyschiatric treatment in the Bellevue ly only a matter of manners and as interested individuals do not Hospital (New York) annually.

good taste. Alcohol, the deadener combat this vicious and false propa1From a Summary o{ Scientific Findings Regarding

of mental acuteness, the destroyer ganda of organized liquor interests, BeverageProfessor Alcohol,of Public byHealthHavenAdministration,Emerson, M.D.,Columbiarecent

of inner discipline, and the poisoner our young people in and out of colUniversity,October 1945.published in The International Student

of body and mind, has at last belege will descend into graver habits ( Concluded on page 587

SEPTEMBER 1947 581 Hole in the Rock Arnna jinnee Kedd &

SYNOPSIS San Juan vhen you have not pessimistic tide. "You leave the

Tn 1879, President John Taylor called Silas strength to get there yourself, Yens? scouts be und vork!"

* Brig'Smith, Jones, and George Kumen cupboard Our interpreter, as president, Indian Hobbs,ham even milk. Myis bare.cow, sheVe hafcan notdo Arabella"He's tolda wonderfulMary as theyoldwatchedman,"into\ scout chief mission forand a new

southern Utah, together with settlers from nothing but hump up in the vind and him hobbling cheerfully away toCedar City, Parowan, and Paragoonah. grow poorer,"she moaned. "Ya, ya, ward the crack and the men at work

been charted the advent when way hadThe

Colletf all the poor critters are the same, there. Bishop and James Schowof Andrew

of Escalante made a new route seem advisso bruised and poor that vhen they Mary smiled, grateful that Aratheable to group. Reaching of many Forty lie down to rest they can't get up bella understood. "Brother Lyman

Spring, a rude was estabMile encampment lished and scouts selected to push ahead and again! Vhat you think of that?"has his special brand of camp phiseek the best route. Kumen Jones, George Jens shook his head. "They've losophy, too,"she said. "YesterLewis, were Hutchings William and sebeen driven so far to hunt food that day I heard him tell his sister May,

lected to scouts under go as Hobbs'Georgeleadership. Their report was disheartening, they act like some humans—they that the best way to stop worry was

even George Hobbs stating that the country schoost give up and die!"to do something pleasant and unalthough thought they hewas formidable, into "Vhen you tell me the scouts vill expected—like going for a boat ride get through. penetratedcould Scouts

the desolate region only to find that the come, and ve'll get through, I know on the Colorado!"

river was hemmed in by towering, perpendive vill. But vhen, Yens? Vhen?""Well I never! Who'd want to

cular cliffs that descend. to the defied Added of

difficulties mission the spirit was of the of Jens shook his head again. "Soon, do a thing like that—in the dead

rebellion that had crept among some of the Kisten. It must be soon."winter!"

plightmembers. desperate for was And the defen- "I would."became Mary ya. dot!""Soon, say Alvays youthe since water and were food it profitable, sive. make "And I'd littleat a chance of getting littleminimum—withgroup, "I've to inspect out the been camp.

too. I'd until inloaded with driftthe back could come they through winmore It is the stock to be bad for empty desolation. thetervening Most company of for Decker!"Ann wood cold. Kisten! people, the But and at Forty Fiftyremained camps, Mile and

but a small part had been moved to the Vhat can ve do?"Arabella looked quickly at Mary.Hole in the Rock. From this point four men "And May Lyman? What did she

were appointed to scout a way through to At the first sign of discouragethink of her brother's suggestion?"

rest setthe to widen The to work in ceased to enJens, Kisten ment "How should I know?"Mary tittlethe other equipment than crack—withriver. tertain herself with talk of trouble.their wilt to achieve. scouts set out The answered.

mis\givingswith determination, but with vill of she is peoples da "The plenty be "There would of men after turning in despair. almost back It was strong! ve not pray and preach Do for want and who'd boys to rownothing short miracle that of a prompted

Mr. Hobbs to follow the mountain sheep and hold meetings? Do ve not dance her,"Arabella said pointedly.

led devious pathswhich through him until till is vhile bare, the sandstone averted. eyes "Let Mary's were the at ledge. theirhe base was of the On like ve're he fiddle James Cox then,"she said. "I have all them do itreturn to they into the stumbled camp homestead of the Harrises from Arizona and back home?"other things to do."

were given food after five days of starvaShe gave Jens a cup of brackish "Anything in particular?"Aration.

broth, hot from the kettle. "Tomorbella questioned.

< Chapter IX row ve may not have horsefeed "Well, someone's got to worry

pepper! with cayenne you varm of babies, the coming andThe first of January came with broth, Yens, but your Kisten vill about the little things in this camp air, in the no hint of warmth—like infectiously, Ya!"laughed She to burn! something and getting fog settled a dense and over

holding his large ears in her two With the men away for weeks at athe desert, deepening the gloom at small hands. smiled he when And time, it's a wonder any of us surinthe the Rock. Hole A blizzard vill approval, "All she said, be veil. vive."Suffering, fog.followed already the first you know the scouts vill Andintense in the camp, increased. "We'd all like to have warm here."be

There was neither adequate shelter, houses, Mary,"she answered, fuel, nor food. Children had to be Jens caught her small hands and "nourishing food for our children,

"I'll his neck. around them drew in time, just of the everything theykept about bed all and and—well, is see if there the scouts."news of ill. I all listless desert. that hate thisgrew and we haven't got. And

the people could do was look on in But there was none. And no I hate the Colorado and everything

helpless sympathy. amount of nurtured confidence could connected with it\"

Muffled, and sternly cheerful in keep anxiety from the people's "I don't,"Mary cried. "I think

the face of the widespread discourfaces. Thirteen days overdue! How it's fun. I go to the crack every day.

agement that pervaded the camp, could there still be hope that the I count every foot of new road that

Jens came and went with parcels of scouts were alive? And if the scouts Kumen is helping to make. I try

food for the sick children, taken were dead, how could any of the every new step that is cut in the from his own scant supply, over company live to get through? rock ledge at the top. I shake my

Kisten's protest. "Don't you vorry, my peoples,"fist at the river and call it names,

"How you get your peoples to Jens admonished, trying to stem the and it calls them right back at, me!

582 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The only thing that worries me is Piatt cried. "Then we could accomburn. By dark the storm broke in a

who's going to be the first one to plish something."fury that threatened to tear the last

try that road out with a wagon. I "We'll not need giant powder shred of shelter from the people's

hope it won't be Kumen. It looks or anything else, if those scouts heads.

fearful, Arabella! Have you seen don't get back,"Charles Walton "Dear God,"Mary prayed.

it?"answered. He stood grimly at the "What will happen to a baby that

"No. I can't leave the children door of the tent, as if in the desois born tonight?"

to go see it. And I wouldn't want late landscape he would find the As if regarding her prayer, the

to take them with me for fear they answer to their perplexity. wind died for a minute. Then the

would be afraid when the time No one answered him, and he darkness deepened, blocking out comes for us to start down. To me, continued to express his views. even the path to her father's camp.

that road is the only comforting "Just waiting for the scouts to come She raised her voice in an imperathing in this dreary camp. At least in isn't enough! We should send tive call; but the wind, redoubled in

it is going somewhere!"men out to look for them."force after its brief lull, tore it from

"And that's exactly what we "And lose them too!"Piatt anher lungs and hurled it in all direcought to do. Let's go to see Ann swered. tions. She called again, using all her

Decker.""The scouts could die within sight strength, but the effort set her to

Arabella hesitated. "I can't, of the river! They've been gone too coughing violently, and she could

Mary. It's too long to be away long to have either food, strength, make no further sound. She could

from the children."or courage left!"only fight blindly through the storm

—Photograph by Sullivan C. Richardson TWO THOUSAND FEET ABOVE THE COLORADO

"Of course,"Mary agreed. "I'll "I know the need, Brother Waltoward the eerie light in her father's

go alone."ton,"Piatt said. "But every man tent.

Bundled from head to foot, Mary we take from the road work delays Braced against the flimsy door of set out, walking rapidly toward a us here. We must be ready when the tent, she called, "Father!"

spur of Fifty Mile Mountain, that, the scouts come."Jens flung the door wide. "Mary!

trailing lower and lower met the "Ya. Ve can only go on with our Vhy are you out?"He said severedesert in a ragged point of rock. vork,"Jens Nielsen agreed. ly. "Have you and Kumen quarThere, half buried in snow, piled "I wish I could share your assurreled?"

against it as a windbreak was the ance,"Walton told them. He rose He drew Mary into the room, and

Decker wagon. Mary found Ann, and went out of the tent, followed he and Kisten bolted the door again.

alone with her children, huddled by by Piatt and Jens. "If we had,"Mary cried, "I'd

a small kitchen stove. know better than to come here.

January the third was a wild and You'd send me right back again! I

Tn the tent of Piatt De Alton Lycheerless day. Since early morncame to see Aunt Kisten."

man, three men, weary and drawn ing Mary had gone from camp to Jens opened his eyes in astonishof face, no longer able to minimize camp gathering bits of fuel for Ann ment. "You-—youtheir fears, pondered the problems Decker's approaching hour. A "No, Father, it's Ann Decker."

of the camp. broken toy here, a chair rung there, Jens looked at Kisten, helplessly.

"If Silas Smith would only get bits of harness leather, wornout "Vhat she say?"he muttered.

some giant powder through to us!"shoes—anything at all that would ( Continued on page 584

SEPTEMBER 1947 583 HOLE IN THE ROCK (Continued from page 583) They came back in the early will not know the way. Yes. I am

"She says she came to see me, hours of the morning. grateful if I can help."

Yens."baby!"cried to softly "A Mary Peter eighty gave Shurtz They

is it urgent?"vhy Jens herself. at the in the hole "Born "If—then their dollars for eighty of pounds

still at to a losswas account for rock. girl!"... A little flour. his again shook hand They

Mary's apparent foolhardiness. He "In such a place!"Jens said seriand again, reluctant to leave him

sharply.continued "I promise my ously. "The third day of Yanuary. there. without Then, word, a they

IElsie dot take care of you, Mary. event."It is an into turned teeth of the and headed

to take have care ofGod vill Ann storm. the

Decker."inpresented an Shurtz Deter if possible, back was, The way will take care of "Kumen me,"congruous to the appearance four trip out. than the worse With cried impatiently. "IMary want his in path. dirty, Ragged, men flour nothing to porridge eat but to helpyou to help take me God fish, smelling of of face bearded and live they creature—not one sawcare of Decker!"Ann hairy of his body, he greeted them, lost time, tracking, of the back much I vill husband bless "Her and legs against storm. the braced at mirages, deceived they by came vill all right."Ann. be She said. strangers,"he "Howdy, last Slick to the again. ledge Rock "Brother has Decker come?"are scouts. "You Through Mormon first it the sight their of hopes At I relief. faint was fromMary "But I the Indians that are you know soared. twentyfive miles from Only to tohave go anyway. Ann Men desert the the on camped above there Soon, soon home! be wouldare in such sickness."cowards Indians Colorado. cross. say no friends. food and and But warmth "Brother faith has Decker more no come through Wagons down spirits their then than lower sankthan you, Mary."in the Rock! Hole our Sorry weathat for ever, stared as the they white faith "Well, yourself say you that is inhospitable."er so threshed He realof wall rock they above them iswithout works dead. Kisten, Aunt his arms, then engagingly. smiled trail their ized that former obwas with himmake to see come me Ann I faith. "I of your can am What literated, lost in exhopelessly theDecker."to help cause?"your do pressionless curtain of that snow laughed, appreciating Jens her

The scouts regarded Shurtz in draped the ledge. No mountainsturdiness. Then he left the tent

of sheep was here now to show themand went to their wagonbox room amazement. How had a man

evident intellect come to look like the way. No friendly footfall ledfor his wraps.

The minute his back was turned, that? them on; no sound came to lend

Kisten went to her bed, pulled back Reading their faces, Shurtz bowthem courage. Twentyfive miles

a curtain that screened it from the ed in grandiose fashion. "The Danfrom camp! It may as well be twenmain tent, and came back with a iel Boone of the West,"he exty-five hundred, so hopeless was

small bucket in her hand. From the plained. "I left civilization behind their cause.

bottom of the bucket she brought so long ago it has never caught up Too weary to stand, too blinded!"she exwith me."There was transformaby sun glare to face the cliff a secforth a lone egg. "Sh—

claimed. "Your papa gives all I have tion in his ready smile. "Tell me ond longer, the four men sank to

avay. I hide this egg for him. He'll how I can help you,"he reminded their knees, then to their faces in

not miss it, for he knows not it is them again. the snow, and each in his own soul

here."George Sevy recovered first. prayed for deliverance. God, and

"How shall I fix it?"Mary whis- "You have flour in your pack?"he God alone, could sustain them now!

pered, wrapping the egg in her asked, motioning to the loaded donBut, seemingly, no answer came.

handkerchief and putting it away key, huddled in the shelter of a Hobbs and Sevy, half mad with in her pocket. boulder. "We'll pay you any price fevered agony, began to climb the

"An eggnogg,"Kisten whispered for enough of it to get us back to ledge, grasping at random for someback. "Ann's cow still strips a little the Hole in the Rock. We couldn't thing to cling to, digging their worn

milk. It vill be good vith the egg. get a morsel of food at Fort Monteboot toes into the rocks, they sucMind your papa he do not know!"zuma. Our own people are near ceeded in making their way upward.

"I'll mind,"Mary said, laughing. starvation there."Ten. Twenty. Fifty—a hundred

She kissed Kisten's cheek and hur- "Yes, I know. Flour is a dollar a feet! Clinging to they knew not

ried out to meet her father. pound at the Fort. I'd not sell my what, they hung on, daring to believe they could and would reach the "Best I carry dot egg, Mary,"hundred pounds for twice that—exJens chuckled. "You hold it too cept to you,"he added. top. A few more guarded steps, a

tight in your pocket. It vill go "I have lived on fish alone for six little cooler planning, and they

smash!"months. I can do it again. Perhaps would reach up and touch a shelf, a

Mary gave over the egg. "I might you can spare me twenty pounds?"point of rock, and then at last, a

have known you'd know,"she said, "Twenty pounds!"Sevy exclaimplace to stand!

squeezing her father's arm. "You ed. "Can we spare you twenty But Hobbs, now totally blind from

know everything."pounds? Man, you have saved the the glare of the sun against the

"Smart, like Kisten,"Jens said. San Juan Mission, for without help glittering cliff, was groping errati-

"Ya. Papa knows. Put your hands we'd never make it back alive!"cally, breathing with long shudderin your pockets, now. Ve go fast to "And if you don't get back, the ing sighs that were not breath at all.

keep varm!"company cannot come on, for they (Continued on page 608)

584 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Come Talks to Young People About Current Problems iBlHUUIIHIP By MARY BRENTNALL Field and work make myself I find my misgiving and Fear City capable?"TheMeetN.C.A.A.held in TrackSalt Lakeand are selfishness toward minimizing them,

in midJune of this year, as part in the minds of many young people we may be forgiven for accepting of Utah's Centennial celebration, as they face the uncertainties of tothe virtues and cheerfully putting was an exciting show even for those day and wonder just how they "fit them to good use.

of us who are not particularly athin,"how they will "measure up,"toletic. We had an unmistakable and what kind of life they can build Tt was fun at the track meet

sense of "once in a long time"perfor themselves. watch the ceremony honoring the

formance. We were watching susuccessful contestants. In turn,

perior skill and grace and rhythm athletes were presented from the and strength and speed—all unite to winners'platform as having placedachieve something close to perfec6th, 5th, 4th, 3rd, 2nd—and finally

tion. There was tension but there as "the champion."There was an

was also beauty; at times, a seemoccasional tie. In pole vaulting, six

ingly effortless quality which pulcontestants performed equally to sated in every responsive human take "first place."I could not help

being on the bleachers. Men apwishing that every fine young man

plauded enthusiastically yet were, and woman in the world could have at the same time, vaguely unhappy the thrilling experience of, at least, over their own physical stodginess "placing"in a great contest—perin athletics; perhaps not—allaying their inner longings with haps not

"wise cracks"and hot dogs. In spite in music, or art, or drama; perhaps

of the dampness and the wind, two not in beauty, or charm; or personalworld's records were broken. It was ity; perhaps not in business or pro-

a magnificent demonstration. fessional life—but in something!

Inevitably, after such a star perAnd why not? There is nothing

formance, there is discussion, disgraceful in being average, or orless."What qualities make a great athdinary, or medium—or even

lete?""What contributes to suMost of us are just that in nearly

periority in any field?""What does every way. But there is something

it take to be a 'winner'?""Natural a little depressing in being only

ability"was tagged and defined. average in everything—particularly

"Training"received its tributes. if we have the time and the ability

"Attention to details,""the will to to make ourselves superior in some if, throughwin"-—these points were talked over one way. Particularly,

at some length, and then one coach laziness, indifference, impatience, or stated his point of view something just plain lack of "know how,"we like this: fail to be the "champion"to which

"The most important factor in—Photograph by Wayne B. Hales our natural endowments have made

heir. us is It 'teachability.'reaching the top is talk against There commuch recently line of thought This was

is for for desire knowledge, hunger it petition, but, like whether or we to man. suggested a young

is It ofaccomplishment. humilborn not, live in a competitive world we I tell I whether can "But how

ity. It is faith to dedication cause, a to learn so and must be "compesufficient to capacity warrant have

inin teacher."one's oneself and I, tent."for one, not too unhappy am directions, in sacrifices, other the

I little first startled. a was At I this. feeling about help cannot that I parents have both would and my really teachability imporsoWas competihas from good come to make?"

it in athletictant a prowess? it, Was in is mettle developed; greattion—that intelligent with an man was He all If ingreat force development? set; high lofty standards goals and voice. beautiful been tenor had a He definitionso, coach's the of was all in "sights"fields our and conbelieved teacher told he a by whomteachability correct? he Wasn't stantly raised effort the surto by as could that to honest, he be go

in faith opposites?coupling Wasn't pass previous performance. These to willing far, musically, as he was selfconfidenceoneself antithe or are real are, advantages. There that statement interpreted go. Hethesis humility? of the deWasn't doubtless, disadvantages. psySome of the that to making he had mean

sire for personal excellence a negachologists point to frustration and singer, fine professional provided a tion of dedication to a cause? disappointments. Some idealists he was willing to spend the time,

It was worth thinking about. In decry a system which, at times, the money, and the effort necessary

it might be some suggestions for strengthens the already strong at to reach that goal. His problem was

solving the problem faced by all the expense of the already weak. great because neither he nor hisyoung people—the problem of But as long as we recognize these family had adequate means. He was

"what is my 'niche'?"... "How can dangers and work with love and un- {Continued on page 586)

SEPTEMBER 1947 585 LET'S TALK IT OVER (Continued from page 585) is, if she hopes to have the joy of championship material as a wife and in love, and further musical study excelling in any one thing. Hers, at mother. But we cannot divide ourmeant that he must delay his marany rate, isn't a very special probselves into a hundred flying pieces

riage several years—a marriage lem. It's one which confronts all of and hope for success and happiness

which had already been delayed by us who love life and are eager to in any one direction. Nor can we

army service and a mission. Even live it to the full. We all have to completely disregard our interests,

those the musical understood who devotions, still be concentrate or things and two one on abilities—and

field best real could give him no successful averagely like anything but to "dabeven though we may estimate of the time and money ble"in many.—or less.

which would be involved. Perhaps I am overly optimistic, Let me give an example or two

if, I could after only hope that of lack of the to that but it seems me if we stay "teachability"—orprayerful consideration, he decided it. to asked of the strength source near our and A young woman was

that if it career, his musical came at "fit with a into"inner guidance, compulsion some a program—oneall, would have to come second special theme. conShe came to the leads to takes us to our greatover and

the other things in life for which he est success and power; it is only sulting meeting with a well thoughtlonged, that then, he would be able through disregarding this source out talk. It missed the mark a little.

to make himself a real champion in that we face complete confusion. Those responsible for the programsome other way—as a citizen, a If we can discern between momenexplained what was needed. The

Church member, a husband, a fatary pleasure and lasting happiness, girl listened intently and made ther. between a sense of fulfillment and changes. Still, it wasn't right. Her

His was, indeed, a hard decision, a passing whim, between light and advisors didn't want to "put words but there are others which are comdarkness, we know in what direcinto her mouth."They were conparatively easy. There is Jane who tion our abilities lie and where we cerned with the integrity of the

loves to play tennis. Jane is full of should be heading. If decision does with the program, but they wanted

energy, and, because she is enthusinot come so quickly to some as to to give the girl an opportunity of astic, in gets she involved acmany piece of outstanding work an talents cardoing and others—regarding surmany. does She triedtivities—too time. at important an Everyone eers despair should we—

prisingly well, considering that she result superior. again. still was The but should The go on—working,notcan't give to time enough one any girl rare, that eager, possessed watching, weighing. and

thing. feelthe other But her day quality which gave her find to try not should only teachable Weings hurt. frank were of her One lie, abilities great power. also our but where where

friends repeated conversation a to lie interests best our our and where to give asked young was man Aher.

lies. last "teachability"This it may tried in his talk ahead a ward. He

is the condensation, This "Jane situahelp. greatest our be In what recfriends time of on some who

is she'll fun, lots of get but never tions "strides"do make when we average. it as above ognized Here

anywhere because she tries to do we get down to real work? In what was sound thinking and excellent

at once.everything She could play direction and do we "hunger his delivery thirst"construction. But was

the violin if stick she'd to it long for knowledge? mediums, In what tried tactfriends poor. One of the

enough to gain some mastery. She mentally and physically, do we feel fully to give the young man some

if thecould dive with best she quickly techmaster "at home"and the speaker suggestions. But was

tenlookstayed with it. at her And activities In niques? can what talk we uninterested. His was a good

nis! reason gets only anyshe The still long, grind stand a hard and thinking been had knew—he it—he is tries like becausewhere she mad! final for enthusiasm have the it for the time he about years—all hasn't single a sheBut decent sprint? fields In recwhat do we in the from war home away was

allstroke. start to over needs She great ognize earnneeds want and his voice bother about and why aagain teacher under and good fill estly, help to them? somehow, arroexactly not posture? was He

really learn how."areas unerringly In what do we gant, didn't parthe but he have

"Imagine,""ImagJane. moaned truly recognize a teacher? superior ticular humility of type which makes

I all start that suggesting over things All of are measures his learn. a gave to eager man He

all I've these wastedineagain—that humility our our talk. of the congregapart good A "teachability"—ofthese tennis."years playing in the meeting great matching and it, tion part couldn't a hear and good

I this takes suggestion hope Jane lie lives. calling of our In our them disof so could those were who

is, really to if she wants-—that joy, "place."play work, our our his anpresence turbed poor and by

tennis.superior Perhaps Jane

"Rortunately, nearly all humans noying mannerisms that they lostdoesn't really want that. Perhaps

she wants to be a beautiful violin have considerable versatility. the import of the speech. A few

recognized the talk itself as good.

limited to solely oneplayer. perto Perhaps she wants We are not It could have been a winner—with activity. diving technique.fect her says make may man She A young everyone!she wants all three. Maybe she a superior bishop, an excellent

can have all three, but I think she's father—and still have what it takes /\ne more illustration—a man of

going to have to concentrate on just to supply an adequate living for middle age was outstanding in one and let the other two or three his family. A young woman may be his own profession. But life itself

or four or a dozen interests fall into eminently successful as a secretary, particularly after a death in his line where and how they can—that teacher, or designer, and still be [Concluded on page 590)

586 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ALCOHOL AND THE COLLEGE STUDENT

(Concluded from page 581 and distributing beverage alcohol. or sentimental religionists, issuing

8. The effects of alcohol on the intellect Behind it stand the cleverest brains preachments and tracts.

terrific:are It dulls the mind, the intellect, in the advertising and selling fields. This evil can be uprooted onlythe will, perception, discriminamemory,

tion, judgment, even before appreciably The college student is but one small by intelligent organization, educaaffecting muscular functions. It attacks the segment of its intended victims. As tion, and counterpropaganda. The

higher faculties first, and this affects a pergo the "best people"so go our colcrusade must be reinforced by visuson's behavior. His area of inner discipline lege youngsters. The liquor interal education, sermons, lectures, curor is relaxed, control his conscience and ests are organized. Those who fight riculum courses, special institutes, dulled.becomes tends Alcohol to reduce

the man to an uninhibited animal level. it must be just as highly organized exhibits, and ceaseless public dis-

9. Alcohol is often the direct cause of if drinking is to be controlled. cussion. Yale University School of

crimes of violence, serious traffic accidents "We need to understand the Alcoholic Studies is charting the violations. Fifteenand fortyfive to peraction, intelligent and habits the toward younger and of women way

allcent of street automobile accidents are colleges results. publicity generation. to is getting Other Train your todue degree of some intoxication of

drivers, according to police records. (These catch the eye and develop the inmust follow suit.

facts are never presented in the alluring terest of the younger generation.... It is not only the student who

liquor advertisements.) Make youth liquor conscious.... becomes drunk and forces the col10. Alcohol costs society a tremendous that lege to discipline to drink him wine. Teach we must Make it smart

toll: "Society suffers from abnormal obabout. major to drink."concerned Our or American These be womenpsychopathic conduct of users of al-...

cohol."American families suffer from the were slogans adopted at the March ligation is unto the masses of our

diversion of several billion dollars to the 1 935, convention of fortynine leadyoung people, who fall innocent vicpurchase of intoxicating beverages, which ers of the wine and liquor industries tims to "polite social drinking,"and might spent for be better housing, educait is to drink. in think smart they Chicago. are really who And We

tion, feeding of children, clothing, and condition them orient the generation and making must younger recreation.wholesome to loss this the Add

in illness, death, unemployment, accident, liquor conscious. against the evil before they culticrime, and mental disease due to drink. It is high time that college presivate the taste. Our schools must not

We spend twice as much for alcoholic dents, deans, professors, and counonly prohibit the students from beverages as we do for all education in selors organize their forces in a scidrinking on the campus and in the the States, United and get only misfortune entific attack on the major evil in our dormitories, but must equip them to tragedyand for our pains.

society. They must cooperate with resist the temptation successfully

TDehind all this orgy of drinking, the church, the home, the public under popular social pressure off the crime, and disregard for law or schools, and the government in an campus and out in public and prihuman life on the part of the genintelligent nationwide crusade vate life. We must be as wise and

eral public stands the highly oragainst strong drink. It is no longer resourceful in our sphere as the

ganized business of manufacturing a matter of a few pious old ladies, liquor dealer is in his.

all. It's spirit will a at pleasure. Glad of nothing good andThe it."lifelong prinare to brotherhood do Jke lA/lii to Jeewe

ciples or a If apartment need an of conduct you C. for Homer

Hutchinson, a bedfast cripple for By Gladys Vondy Robertson room, he dials the phone beside his eighteen years. His unselfishness, bed. Soon he is speaking to somehis desire to be helpful and useful, body who may have what you want

his persuasion and industry have or something which could be conmade him a oneman housing comfamilies, Denver University has verted into living quarters. (Incimittee in Denver, Colorado. His asked for aid; the rehabilitation cendentally, though in his seventies, this

success in finding homes for soldiers ter at Fort Logan has called on him; man knows 164 telephone numbers

and their families, for people who Lowry Field frequently has need of by memory and can recall them as had reached the end of every reassistance; and the clergy of every the occasion demands. ) Before you

source, is worthy of honor. denomination has implored assistrealize what has been done, he has

Homer Hutchinson started his ance. found a home for you. He has

service as a part of his contribution During the war years Hutchinson worlds of friends, hosts of acquaintto the war effort. He has extended found fiftyeight positions for wives ances, and hundreds of connections

it to meet today's needs. People of soldiers who needed extra funds with businessmen and heads of confrom every state in the Union have to help them along. In addition he cerns.

come to know him for his service found three hundred homes for peo- "I love to help people,"he modand his friendship. ple who had come to him for assistestly explains. "If everybody would

"I got to thinking,"he tells you, ance. just lend a hand occasionally, for-

"of all those people with no place to "I'm still carrying on this housing get themselves, and concentrate on live. Finally I had to do something thing,"he says cheerfully. the ideals for which we sent our

about it."You begin to wonder what he boys into battle, love their neighHe called the U.S.O. first. Since charges for his service. bors a little more, neither the housthat first offer to the U.S.O. to help "Nothing,"his broad smile lights ing situation nor world affairs would

find homes for veterans and their up his striking blue eyes. "Why be the problem that they are today."

SEPTEMBER 1947 587:'":"'::.:"":'.::;:; ''"

KARL G. MAESER MEMORIAL BUILDING

i5riakf im L/jownG? Ulniuerditt

The Church University

lies like an offering at the feet are locked. A music lesson is in vDia Lditk tKu55eU

It of the mountain, new—scarcely progress, and we must come back

out of its cellophane, teeming another day, when again—perhaps

with Zion's youth, ambitious, sturdy, it is time for assembly. But, there upright and forbidding, surveys the

and vibrantly alive. are many other rooms to be seen in menage of paper bags and sandThe air, icy and invigorating from the Joseph Smith Building—the wiches and milk bottles, with the

the chaste coldness of the Rockies, banquet room, for instance, with its resigned disapproval of one who has makes the Joseph Smith Building great east window, its magnificent seen better days. But, these are the

stand out in bold relief against the mirrored fireplace, and the plebian, better days, when Brigham Young blue translucency of the atmosphere. utility trestles which have suphalls are filled with Zion's youth,

The clock in its tower sets the hour planted the royal splendor of its filled to overflowing.

at ninethirty. The campus is quiet, once oaken tables. The boys are The club room still preserves a

with that mellow stillness which home from the wars, and space is at certain air of smug, wellupholstered falls when the classrooms have ab- a premium. The coeds dine in the comfort. There are good pictures

sorbed their youth, and pedagogic banquet room every day now, and on its walls and thick, tweed drapes discourses are richly under way. its parquet floor has yielded a little at the three south windows. There

The lobby of the Smith Building of its polish. An ancient piano, very is an abundance of oak in this room

wears its usual air of midmorning and much carving and feathered activity. A grayhaired preoccupied lounges. The air is always a trifle

man is marooned in its center, on a heavy and somnambulant, and it small island of blue carpet, washed would seem appropriate that the by a sea of indifferent burntbrick men who dine here should have fat, tiles, letting a noisy vacuum cleaner pendulous stomachs and committeehave its way with him. A few stupresiding wives. Not so, however,

dents occupy the low, comfortable for here, too, the coeds eat and, chairs by the doors, and occasionalsometimes, the lean faculty and their ly, when some energetic soul passes PRESIDENT delightful, human wives.

through with such vigor that the HOWARD door is petrified into remaining open, S. '"The ballroom, before noon, is tired

one of them rises and patiently Mcdonald like a beautiful woman wakened closes it again, in the gentle name of at an unseemly hour, but we cannot humanity. wait until she wears her evening

The doors of the assembly hall dress, and we are too proud of her 588 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

and the administrative center, has a look almost Grecian about it. It may

be the great white pillars which lend to it this suggestion of an Attic elegance; perhaps the broad, graceful steps which anticipate the three

glass entrances on the west side.

But actually, here is a workaday world, where the smooth running of the university wheels is assured.

Here, in a pleasant, simplyfur- nished office, President Howard S.

McDonald, works long and hard, serving the five thousand students in his charge, directing the affairs of the Church university with skill, efficiency, and kindliness.

In the basement, live the university's journalists, and the lively chaos of their profession is joyously apparent—machines, files, ink,

paper, and arms bared to the elbow, all belong to these lower halls of production. Everyone is extremely

t LOOKING ACROSS THE CAMPUS busy; one has the impression of an

to forego the pleasure of presenting everimpending deadline. The teleher even at a disadvantage. Take ridors of the library, peaceful and phone has a sharp, exasperating

care when you begin the long, conducive to quiet meditation. Here persistency.

smooth swim across the parquet are more classrooms, more faculty The Y News is born here and lake to where the orchestra lives on offices, and in the wide hall, plaques most of the other printing chores of starspangled evenings. This is the commemorating stolid pioneers. the school. Here is a student arsetting for the junior prom, student A small fascimile of an everranging oddlooking pieces of blue

body dances, and where Latterday burning lamp is above the door. pasteboard upon each of which is

Saint coed charm and gallantry dis- "Knowledge is Power"is engraven written Idaho, Washington, Los cover each other. Here the school on the stone. Angeles, Montreal—a medley of

dances alumni files. For the are—gracious, formal, and ur next objective, the Maeser places—the

invincibly grownup. Here LatterMemorial Building, official sons of "Brigham Young"are in

day Saint teachings express themabode of the university's president, every country in the world performselves in the social life of its stu- ( Concluded on page 590 dent youth.

But, the school bell is chiming out HEBER J. GRANT LIBRARY

the cessation of classes. Students

are pouring out of the classrooms into the corridors, down the steps and across the campus in a thick, gay tide. The sun catches the

—theswingingHeberglassJ. doorsGrant ofLibrary,the libraryand

draws us like a beacon to follow the students entering its precincts.

Here in the library is an atmosphere totally unlike that of the Joseph Smith Building. Exuberance is

restrained. In the reading room

there is an eternal, polite hush. The

presence of thousands of books has its sobering effect upon even the most vivacious coed.

And looking down upon the absorbed heads of these hundreds of prospective lawyers, agronomists, and social leaders, is the portrait of a beloved benefactor, President

Heber J. Grant.

There is a dimness in the corSEPTEMBER 1947 589

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY (Concluded from, page 589) in chemistry. It overwhelms one in eleven, for then one is reassured

ing various missions, and in the unithe hall and rises with every floor. that the student body has a soul.

versity's International Club, men It contrives to muffle the noise of There will be music from a great and women from Persia, Canada, the typewriting room and to render choir of voices. You will know for

Great Britain, and Hawaii, subpungent the notices of the presence a little while what John Milton stantiate B.Y.U.'s claim to being a of various biological societies in the meant when he wrote: "As may

most cosmopolitan Alma Mater. vicinity. with sweetness, through mine ear,

Upstairs in the Maeser's assemHigh up on the third floor, the dissolve me into ecstasies, and bring bly room, presided over by the porwork of the Alumni Association is all Heaven before mine eyes."//

trayed dignity of Karl G. Maeser being expanded, and close by, an Penseroso.

himself, a short but valiant profesunusual department of visual aids You will feel the impelling surge sor of bacteriology tackles a lecture has its being. A strangely quiet of youth about you. The flag of

for 190 students. Many of them are room marked "Journalism"excites the United States will be in its place

veterans who impart a welcome, the curiosity of people with a quest on the stand, and beneath it, in the stabilizing influence to the school. for the appropriate. There may be auditorium, will sit a world of peoThey have been taught by war the a deadline here, too, but it is not apples, unified by the principles of

inestimable value of proper training; parent. Everyone's sleeves are conJesus Christ, speaking the same unithey have no time to waste. spicuously down. We descend the versal language of God.

Here, too, in the Maeser Buildstairs once more. Outside the air You will see our president and

ing, is the Dean of Students'office, is fresh and cold. We are thirsty our faculty about whom it is given

where problems are solved or disfor it. to us sometimes to be facetious, but

solved, and where, so often, equilibwhom it is also given to us to love.

rium is restored to a student's totterAnother day we may visit the And you will hear thousands of ing world. It is hard sometimes to buildings on the Lower Campus, young voices singing the hymns of

be young, and it frequently happens investigate the old labs and those their fathers.

that one's only solace is that another rooms possessed now by the physiAnd you will go> away feeling inhuman being understands. cal sciences and the students of the spired and softened and like prayOver in the Brimhall Building, arts. We must visit the utility building.

where we must proceed now, is the ings on the Upper Campus which "Brigham Young University,"department of applied sciences. The gallantly serve in the van of our you will say, savoring it gently on

"Brimhall"has an aroma, the kind promised Student Union Building. your soul's palate. "The Church

one inevitably associates with exAnd we shall go to assembly, to a University, and because I am of the periments of enterprising students devotional on a Tuesday morning at Church my university."

LET'S TALK IT OVER family—seemed(Concluded fromfutilepageand586) lustrewhichno affinityis eagerwithtothelearn.simpleIf youhumilitythink maketinuouslythis transitionseek recognition.and who Thisconless to him. He wanted to find courof humility as the false selfabase- selfless devotion to a cause is the

age and strength somewhere. He ment exemplified by Dickens'Uriah ultimate goal and highest ingrediturned to religion—several religions. Heep, it has nothing in common ent in teachability.

But he was unhelped because he with selfconfidence. But if you Probably a natural adjunct or

was unteachable. He tested every think of selfconfidence as faith completion of teachability is the sereligious concept by the totally irdeveloped through earnest effort, lection of a good teacher. It is of

religious ideas he had already estabthen selfconfidence and humility little avail to be eager for knowllished in his own mind. This phiteam admirably under the definition edge and quick to learn if one is to

losophy, he contended, was good of "teachability."be taught untruth or poor procedbecause it demanded nothing of If we can accept that union, perures. So teachability must include

him. This idea made sense because haps we can just as easily reconsome ability to recognize a good

it called for no faith on his part. In cile the desire for personal excelteacher. The best to be had, in any

the field of religion he lacked lence and the unselfish dedication field, should be our aim.

humility. He could not accept the of one's best efforts to a cause And in this connection, rememlessons of a great religion or trust both of which are part of the athletic ber, above all, the one and only inthe precepts of the great teacher. coach's explanation of "teachabilfallible Teacher of this universe

Der.haps after all this, we can try ity."It seems to me that it is perthe Teacher to whom we can subto resolve some of the questions fectly natural in youth to want to mit our needs, abilities, and 'probwhich arose in my mind on hearing excel, to want to feel that one has lems with complete confidence. Go

the original suggestions of teachspecial ability to offer the world, to to him in prayer. He will help you

ability as given by the athletic want to establish oneself. But it to find other good teachers. He will

coach. Is selfconfidence incomseems equally normal for one to lose help you to achieve faith and humilpatible with humility? As I see it, oneself in important work and, in so ity, joy and satisfaction. He will

only in their perversions. If you doing, forget personal laurels. It is help you to attain your highest

think of selfconfidence as pride or only the average, the ordinary, and aspirations. In his sight and in his

arrogance or selfishness, then it has the mediocre who are unable to cause, you will be a "champion."

590 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, S3H TiCHyRM0YI5 Y.M.M.I.A. Board Association. He will serve on the Relief Society Board

Tlder Roy M. Darley, assistant board's music committee. Elder Darley (** eneral President Belle S. Spafford

Tabernacle organist, has been apserved during the recent conflict as a of the Relief Society has anpointed to the general board of the chaplain in the armed forces. Prior to nounced the appointment of Ethel ColYoung Men's Mutual Improvement that he filled a mission in the Eastern ton Smith to the general board of the

States. More recently he was the ororganization. Mrs. Smith, the wife of

ganist and director of the Bureau of Edwin F. Smith, has been a member of

Information at the Washington, D.C., the Highland Stake Relief Society

chapel of the Church. board for five and one half years. She

has also been active in Primary and in

Alexander Schreiner Mutual work.

Alexander Schreiner, Tabernacle organist, has placed among the winners in the fourth annual poll conMormon Battalion Observance ducted by the magazine Musical AmerTHE hundredth anniversary of the ica. Music editors and critics of the discharge of the Mormon Battalion

daily newspapers in the United States men in California, as they completed

ROY M. and Canada were asked to name their their year of service, was appropriateDARLEY favorites in music on the air. ly commemorated July 16, 1947, at

The Salt Lake Tabernacle choir also services held at the Mormon Battalion placed among the winners in the vocal Monument on the state capitol buildensembles group. ing grounds in Salt Lake City.

MISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSIONARY HOME Schaerrer, John Henry Schaerrer. Whiteley, Donald J. Clark, Irvin D. Wyatt, Joseph E.

JUNE 16, AND DEPARTING JUNE 25, 1947 Seventh row: Darwin Kay Piatt, Athol Graham, Jackson, A. Curtis Page, Jr.

First row, left to fight: Gareth M. Paxman, Robert Melvin W. Orgill, Robert W. Spence, Chester E. Fifteenth row: Glen O. Butterfield, Robert L. Ezell,

C. Gustayeson, J. Clark Hermansen, Theron R. Nalder, Hamilton, Benjamin G. Walton, Kay Allan Driggs, J. Wallace Deon Hart, Allen Don Hart, Creed Haymond,

Allan K. Fowler, Kenneth Dale Liddiard, Milford R. Warren Davis, Ava L. T. Pugh, Charles U. Pugh, J. Dale Miller, Hugh T. Law, Smith Murphy, Elry 6.

Mabey, Vernal Lemore Anderson, C. Clark Welling, Reava Eliason, H. S. Vance, Serena B. Vance, William Rundskog, Burke Poole.

Bruce A. Lee, Carl T. Cox, Harry F. Thacker, Q. L. Soelberg, Vera Barnes, John S. Morgan, Gerald Sixteenth row: Gail Sanders, Rudger Irwin Adams,

Marion Hansen. W. Jones. Stephen W. Call, Larry Jones, James L. Hendrickson,

Second row: DeVon F. Andrus, Zona Stewart, Eighth row: Stanley E. Abbott, Vernon J. Miller, LaGrand H. Evans, D. R. Thackeray, Russell A. CanDelma Ramage, Leah Lloyd, Rae Hall, Bernice ZeeCharles H. Shepar, Tex K. Bradford, Mark H. Redd, non, Karl J. Hawkins, Jr.

man, Gladys Lutze, Don B. Colton, director; Phyllis George William Palmer, Charles H. Quitter, John A. Seventeenth row: Joseph T. Neville, LaRell MunHerrick, Betty Moore, Barbara Watts, Garland C. Basinger, Jr., Wells Allen Nielson, Kenneth Park son, Bruce S. Benedict, Parley A. McGinnis, Vernon

Tonks, Theron J. Smith, Labon R. Garcia, Walter C. Anderson, John B. Gob, P. C. Fletcher, Jack E. Call, Holm, Orson Tew, William R. Egbert, Jay Hamilton

Barlow. Robert B. Herzog, Cleo R. Rich, Alden M. Higgs. Smith, Dean F. Fisher, Ben R. Ison.

Third row: Edith Loretta Jenson, Gertrude Oliphant, Ninth row: Eldon D. Chandler, Frederick W. OsterEighteenth row: Grant A. Stucki, Keith B. Hogan,

Clarence Tolman, Milton Bloomquist, Donald E. Petloh. Jay Norman Lund, Hall Ludlow, Kenneth B. Ralph E. Berrett, Robert L. Shaw, Richard Stucki,

tegrew, Ronald N. Bingham, Loretta Bigler, Blair Rich Lyman, Glen Dean Carver, Joseph W. Burnett, Deon Marion M. Leatham, Percy Lovell, Lowell Dayton,

Elgi, Robert Franklin Merrill, Clyde Hill, McRae Com- J. Sanders, John Bushman, Douglas Smith, Howard F. Sterling H. Campbell, James L. Archibald, Bryant

eran, Reed A. Benson, Bliss G. Fitzgerald, N. L. Bird, Elenore A. Ehlert, Albert H. Hooper, Raymond Hanson.

MacKay. McMillan, A. Beesley, Wilford

Fourth row: Keith S. McRae, Avard L. Gifford, William Tenth row: Ray Williams,Jr., James H.TheodoreLangford.D. son,NineteenthWilliam row:L. Knecht,Wilford DavidL. Hahn,Wing,AlmaAlanLen PeterIrons,

Anna Laura Woodland, Rose Campbell, Delbert PatAnderson, Ronald P. Willis, Eldon R. Clawson, Melvin Mark Robertson, Wayne W. Clark, Milo L. Dew,

Elias Catherine Stewart, R. Torres, terson, Grant Larkin, T. Steven R. Patton, C. A. E. Smith, Donald Baird, Bernan, Frank LaVerne M.

L. Jackson, Bryant Evelyn Poulter, Frank Pond Reese, Harris, F. Gardner, Jay Gordon Gibson. liams, Condie, Eldean Vernon Moody, Robert HomerCarlisle,F. Wilkinson.Ramon Wil-

B. Bennett, Mack A. Thalman, Serge L. Huff, John Eleventh row: Charles E. Pearce, Jr., Conrad B. Twentieth row: Philip H. Lyman, Charles V. HawkVanGoor, Eugene C. Miller, Milton Wells, Leland M. Jenson, Rulon R. Garfield, Grant S. Stensrud, William ins, Gordon C. Homer, Keith O. Matheson, Donald J.

Stratford, Fifth row: Jr. Kenneth M. Julian, Mary Jean Free- D.Curtis,Jones,RichardCarl L.D. Young,Wright,LloydFrankGubbard,Harold TedWirig,T. King,W. Clegg,LymanRexH.L.Perry,Reynolds,John RobertM. Richards,I. Call. Jr., Floyd

bairn, Alma Hobson Bonner, Hermia Ruth Putman, George R. Gibbons, John A. Tieman. Twentyfirst row: John L. Hilton, Walter J. Boehm,

Anita Van Wagoner, Aldoria Carter, Gloria Long, Twelfth row: John W. Tanner, Eugene H. May, John Crandell, Jr., John R. Price.

Florence Gauchat, Beth Crook, Donna Marie McMerlin D. Compton, George Keith Sirrine, Robert E. Back row: Harry Maxwell, Raymond Maxwell,

Intyre, Edna Virgin Grace Bradshaw, Adolph Felix, Riggs, Don L. Christensen, Roger H. Sorenson, WilSterl Grow, Howard Marsh, Frederick P. Jones, DeEmma Felix, Helen Carol Larsen, Alida Augusta Larliam M. Foxley, Ralph H. Blunt. Von M. Kofoed, Jay E. Jensen, Calvin Ashton, Dale

son, John Frederick Larson. Thirteenth row: Richard H. Hart, Dale Francom, LeCheminant.

Sixth row: Joseph M. Reed, Russell H. Hansen, Clyde J. Lundell, Preston J. Bushman, Earl S. SpafLeft balcony: Jack C. Higbee, Barzee C. Baker,

Marvin S. Wright, Martha L. Eldredge, Charles I. ford, Jack L. Smith, Wilson C. Wood, James W. Arlie James Hebdon, William N. Jones, Donald

Lewis, Ora Stoker, Phyllis Yeates, Doris Brady, Viva Sirles, V. F. Victor, Ace Flake, Grant Dalton. Guggisberg.

Aldroyd, May W. Berry, Herbert A. Berry, Nellie R. Fourteenth row: Walter Robert Brock, John M.

mm

*.. St./*

HP Hj tf THE SPOKEN WDRD TLJeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt Lake

Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio netBy RICHARD L EVANS work THROUGH KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SYSTEM EVERY

Sunday at 11:30 a.m. Eastern Daylight Saving Time, 9:30 a.m.

Central Time, 8:30 a.m. Mountain Time, and 7:30 a.m. Pacific Time.

Joierance Vvitkont Lo mpromne%D ULi J, Jt ZLt Wd a f<iwvieer". Cometime ago someone coined the phrase "tolerance

without compromise."which would seem to deserve

"Pioneering is an important factor of progress—which further comment. To be tolerant of others it is not

brings us to the question: What is it that makes necessary to partake of their beliefs or of their manner

a pioneer? By this term we do not mean merely those of living. In fact, one may be tolerant of another and

who leave established communities and old countries still vigorously oppose everything he represents, yet because of the difficulty of making a living where they grant him his right to represent it. Tolerance does not

are and the promise of making an easier living elseimply that we must get on the band wagon, that we where. We have more especially in mind those who must think or act with the majority, or that we must

leave relatively secure ways of life to face hardships compromise our sincere convictions. It merely means

and uncertainties for the sake of sound principles, recognition of the fact that society is complex, that no those who sacrifice their own present for the future of two people hold the same views on all questions, and others. Pioneers may also include those who move that all of us have our own right to think and believe

from the known to the unknown in their thinking, and live as we choose, insofar as we may do so without those who are prepared to forsake traditional error, however well entrenched it may be, and seek always infringing upon these same rights where others are to discover truth, and accept it wherever they find it, concerned. In many places tolerance is dead. In many

regardless of convenience or consequences. It is charplaces he who opposes the prevailing mind and will,

acteristic of pioneers also to have learned that the even in his thoughts, is in jeopardy of dire conseworld doesn't owe them a living beyond the degree of quences. And it is natural that tolerance should have

their willingness to work, and to have learned that died in such places because tolerance travels hand in there is little satisfaction in eating unearned bread. hand with freedom, and neither can long survive the

Likely they have also learned not to expect others to other. But where tolerance still lives, even though a

carry all their burdens or to assume their obligations, man oppose prevailing opinion, tolerance would respect and yet, in the words of Isaiah, "They helped every his right to do so, even as liberty would demand it.

one his neighbour; and every one said to his brother, Long ago the Savior of mankind gave us the key to 1

Be of good courage."We enjoy the heritage we have tolerance without compromise when he thanked his Fabecause pioneers and pilgrims of the past knew that an ther in heaven for certain of his followers who had reideal was worth more than any immediate comfort

mained in the world but were not of the world. Someor convenience, because they knew that the right to

think, to speak, to worship, and to work were worth times our young people, and others among us, make more than anything a man could be given in exchange the mistake of supposing that tolerance means that for them. A great price has been paid by pioneers of we must do the things that others do, that we must

the past for the principles that have given us our be partakers of their ways. They who suppose this

present. And for what we have and for what we do have failed to learn one of the greatest of life's lessons:

with what we have, we in turn shall be accountable that a man may be tolerant without compromising himto generations yet to come. God grant that our chilself or his own traditions or background or beliefs or

dren and our children's children may have as much convictions or habits of life. Tolerance without comcause to be grateful to us as we have to be grateful promising truth or sound principles or fundamentals

to the pioneers and pilgrims of the past! is one of the great needs of this hour.

* Revised Usaiah 41:6 'Revised

-July 20, 1947.—July 27, 1947,

592 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TEMP1E SDUHREHUM

safety to a false position, first "just this once,"and

LndtomS, LConvenience, and Conduct then "just once more.""Just once more won't matter.""Just once more, and then I'll quit."And so we

The thought has been often expressed that there is sometimes move from one false step to another, often no such thing as a basic morality, that the laws to deluding ourselves into thinking that this is the last which men are accountable for their moral conduct time. In some social and personal matters, many of

change as do any other laws, from time to time and us live somewhat this way. We may know, for exfrom place to place, according to custom and conample, that we are living our lives at a pace we cannot

venience. However much this may seem to be so, let keep up, but we hate to refuse a friend. Thus we are

us look where it would lead: To say this would be to led from obligation to obligation, and each time we

say that whatever is condoned by any people or any say "yes,"we tell ourselves that we are saying it "just generation is right for that people and for that genthis once"and that tomorrow will be better. But tobetter morrow is seldom except the have backas we society anything to decide any do may eration—that

it so. bone In matters of eating to make of appetite, and this is to do. is right for them that to say to say And

there are no inalienable rights where men are conpeople often go from one indulgence to another, always cerned, and that any law a people pass is all right for saying to themselves: "Just this once. Tomorrow I

them to pass, and that any custom a people accept is begin to diet.""Tomorrow, and tomorrow, and toall right for them to accept. But can we imagine any morrow.""Just this once"becomes especially serious

society surviving where dishonesty, theft, violence, when people persuade other people that a principle is murder, and other immoralities are declared to be a matter of frequency rather than a clearcut matter lawful? Yet this in substance is what we have said of right or wrong. It is true that a onetime offender

when we say that each generation may make its own is looked upon with more leniency than a frequent rules in all matters, and that the laws of morality are offender. But stealing "just this once,"lying "just this

merely a matter of custom. And thus we see where once,"deceiving, "just this once,"or any other act of

a false plausibility could take us if we were to go immorality urged upon anyone "just this once,"is a with it as far as it goes. To quote a wise and ancient dangerous doctrine. "Just this once"is a long step,

philosopher on the subject: "The opinion that each but "just once more"is an easier step, and so men

man holds is not a sufficient criterion for determining often forge their own fetters from link to link. If it

isn't right, let it alone. Don't do "just this once"what the truth. We must be concerned with the question:

Are our opinions right?... Does the madman do shouldn't be done at all.

anything else but that which seems to him to be good?—July 13, 1947.

Is this criterion, then, sufficient...? It is not... Go,

therefore to something higher than your own opinion.

,"a.. tuatit if there is a And, higher the law than opinion ynnieniinaiti f anJ ftemeivtaunf

of there is also a man, one the higher than law opinions of all men. Assuredly, therefore, men are accountable pROM the Book of Genesis we recall the account of

to laws higher than those which they themselves set up Abraham pleading with the Lord to spare the city to serve their own convenience. of Sodom if there were but fifty righteous to be found

1Epictetus, from W. A. Oldfather translation therein. "And the Lord said, If I find in Sodom fifty

—July 6, 1947. righteous... then I will spare all the place for their

sakes."1 Then Abraham, knowing or fearing that not

fifty could be found, said unto the Lord: "... wilt

thou destroy all the city for lack of five?"2 And the

sfuit Ukld \Jinee Lord said, "If I find there forty and five [righteous]

I will not destroy it."2 Upon Abraham's continued

""There is in our language a dangerously disarming pleading the Lord promised not to destroy the city if phrase by which people often persuade other peobut ten could be found who were worthy to be spared.

ple to compromise principles. It is the phrase "just this But the ten were not to be found. It has been written

once.""Just this once"has a sirenlike lure. It is the of another ancient empire that "Rome lasted while

is It "just of the phraseforerunner more."once the KJenesis 18:26 (Concluded on page 606)

18:28. 2Genesis that friend voice of leads a false usbeckoning from Copyright, 1947.

SEPTEMBER 1947 593 Charity Sheffield stuffed lengths of brush crosswise before each wheel of the covered wagon, and tried again. Per- 0,ne {/{Jithemd

haps by pulling to the side they could get out. "Gee!"she shouted.

"Gee!"and the lumbering oxen headed straight toward her. There challenge of womanhood should

strained, the yoke creaked, and the was a marked flutter of excitement have furled its banners over her, among the girls around her. Amelie and then she did an undeniablymud flew—all to no avail. The

wheels remained almost hubdeep Pitcairn fluttered a thoroughly usechildish thing. She fled to hide the

in the sticky Iowa mud. Charity less fan, batted her eyes, and said, quick tears in her eyes, and long

wiped her face and hands with the "Oh, deah me,"as only a Bostonian that night she sobbed into her pillow dripping ends of some brush from a could say it. with the anguish that only extreme

nearby bush, and thought: "If "My name is Jonathan Shields,"youth can know.

Jonathan could only see me now!"he said, coming directly to Charity. '"Phe pageantry of that day was

Charity had been acutely aware "And mine is Charity Sheffield,"gone. Two days later the

of Jonathan Shields for five years she said, wishing suddenly it were Prophet denounced the mayor for now, since May 7, 1842, to be exact, anything else—-something romantic an attempt on his life, under cover

the day of the sham battle on the like Diana, or sweet like Dolly. of the sham battle, a plot that had

square in Nauvoo. She was a pal- "Charity,"Jonathan said, his eyes been entirely missed by Charity as

pitant girl then, and he was one of half closed as if he were tasting the well as thousands of others, and this the youngest captains of the Naudelight of its syllables. "Charity was the initial thread of a dark

voo Legion. She had leaned too far never faileth."tapestry woven of plot and counterthe balustrade and had out from of treachery with and betrayal, won,"said Charity, scarceplot, "You

rose from her hair. a dropped preas its of the Prophet the murder ly breathing.

the at past galloping Jonathan, pattern dominating the expuland said, the rose,"of he "Because lithe in one swooped had moment the sion of the Saints beloved from it her, pressed to out handed and it the from caught and movement of the a as States borders United flat the with wilted warmth and feet, wheeled her at dust and very background. his the at looked body. from They it her. to give to his horse this the tapestry figure of Against little, toflower limp laughed and eyes his mocking a moment For to vision, Charity's Jonathan moved in kinship gether, there and was that stood hers, a moment met had there often often and and more gay, laughter. the their noted She the still, with outstretched his hand it beside bright the and moved his face pillored of muscles young reto outstretched rose; her own Pitfigure tantalizing of Amelie teeth. his of evenness white the and it, electric had something ceive but cairn, at the infrequent dances, line his clean of and mouth was The something them, between happened alCharity sometimes where was tilted his at corners, the but sweetly something powerful, and moving after go, to pleadconcerted lowed circled compelling. eyes were They that in glory, bursting with and herself of ings friends, her and and rest her to face on her and came rose. the he withdrew moment father her amply chaperoned by and that in a she wished such way own said, will lady,"he be my "You mother. to for affirm mirror a what suddenly battle."for this token "and my she her There danced once with there. attested they

beassent smile only could She rose tucked the fore he was gone, in And that was as far as it went, father,the mazesstumblingof a quadrille,ignorantlythethroughhands the tunic of his uniform, firmly over because the tinkling laugh of Amelie grasping and guiding her in every his heart, and from that moment she Pitcairn cut the moment with ice. direction. After that she watched

might have been Elaine, or any of "How old are you, Captain Jonathe quadrille until she knew every the other ladies of the court, watchthan?"she inquired archly. turn and could match it to every

ing the jousting of the knights of the "Twentytwo,"Charity heard call. Jonathan would never again

Round Table, flying the tokens of him say, knowing already, with a see her in such confusion. Once her

their ladies on their sleeves. sick feeling what was coming. Sure father led her out to a polka, and

X Emma Smith in her slim and enough, Amelie's delight formed a she conquered the wildly beating regal beauty might have been mild and flattering scream. pulse behind her flaming face and

Guinevere, and the distinguished "Oh,"she said. "Isn't that too painstakingly learned the dance,

Judge Stephen A. Douglas, sitting amazing? I am just eighteen mycoming back to her seat with a new

among the other leading attorneys self,!'and she chattered on about sense of poise. And once, after that,

from Carthage, might have been her birthday party, a shower of Jonathan started toward her when some notable from a neighboring words that seemed artless, but the music for a polka started up, but kingdom. The Prophet Joseph, wound with a sure curve to a certain Amelie saw him and neatly headed

handsome and athletic as King end. "Charity looks very grown up, him off, simply by arranging her

Arthur himself, rode in the battle. for a child of fifteen, don't you course so that it would intercept his

Ever as the battle progressed, think?"at a point directly in front of Charishe caught Jonathan's eye, though Jonathan's eyes sought hers in retyV;

she didn't then know his name, appraisal, but she could not meet "Oh, Jonathan. This was our

seeking her out in the moments of them, and dropped her own, in the dance, wasn't it? I had completely

lull. When the battle was over, he shame of being a child when the forgotten."

594 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA this spine, of of the Church. head out icy water ran and Remember &v his father, that."boots. of But her rough showed toes Her own face

strain and worry. In fact, anxiety driving the wagon ahead, had his

—Aftice orreui f i/->aiie8a lay heavy on the milling crowd. own worries. The smaller children,

"Charity, I'd like to come and see piled in damp discomfort on top of you tonight. Tell me what time, if the heavy ldad, wailed that they

It was feminine wile to Charity, I may. There are things I have been were cold and hungry. Her mother

who knew by instinct, but there was waiting to say to you."lay in a sodden bed with a fourno doubt its implication passed com- "Eight o'clock,"Charity said, dayold baby sheltered in the crook

pletely over Jonathan's male head. over the tumult of her pulse, and of her elbow.

Jonathan was not always with just then the meeting was called to The wagon behind belonged to

Amelie, though, and Charity saw order. Her heart was still pounding the Pitcairn family, and Amelie sat

the youthfulness of his face tighten when Brigham Young rose to speak, in the spring seat, huddled against under the grim days that came. She and she shook her head, blinked and the storm, whimpering that she

saw unswerving loyalty to the looked again, for there in his place wanted to go back to Boston, that

Prophet written in his face, and she stood the Prophet Joseph speaking she was sorry she had ever left knew that more than once Jonawith the voice of the Prophet Jocivilization, gospel or no gospel, than's broad shoulders had stood seph. Jonathan's hand covered hers while her father patiently pulled

between the Prophet and his enein a grip that was strong and sweet, brush and gathered rocks to block mies. and it didn't move when Amelie the wheels.

She was there the day they drifted out of the crowd and came Nauvoo lay behind, a hollow and brought the bodies of Joseph and to stand at the other side of Jonahaunted city of beauty, most of its

Hyrum back from Carthage, when than. houses echoing emptiness, while the

sorrow lay over Nauvoo like a But Jonathan didn't come that mob raged at its borders, and shoutsmothering blanket, as Dr. Richnight, and Charity, hurt and beed at its remaining inhabitants to

ards, Samuel Smith, and General wildered, almost knew Amelie had be quit of it. As hollow and haunted

Deming's guard of eight came into triumphed again. The next day he lay Charity's dreams of Jonathan,

town with the bodies. sent her a note. "Sorry,"it read, "I with nothing more left than a dry

Charity was seventeen then and rose pressed in the pages of a prized gone was every need to embroider volume of King Arthur and a hurher life with the fanciful romance riedly scrawled note.

of other lives and other times, for STORY WINNING She thought fleetingly and with she was caught in the firm drama of SECOND PLACE longing of August heat, of filmy events that had no parallel in hissummer dresses—and the day that tory. Her cambric handkerchief AL7JtJ.<l. Jonathan had said she was beautipressed against her quiveringwas ful. "If could only Jonathan see me CENTENNIALmouth when Jonathan by. His came she repeated now,"aloud, for no

face was like flint in his grief, and AWARD one could hear her.

his eyes looked straight ahead, but "Jonathan can see you now,"said he turned as if compelled until he a masculine voice suddenly behind saw her. There passed between was called into a special meeting her, and Jonathan's hands closed

them then a look so deep with comlast night and couldn't make it. over her own. She twisted in his

mon tragedy and so rich with Couldn't send you word. I am goarms and laid her cheek against his

knowledge of each other that it was ing on a mission."What he had wet coat. "Oh, Jonathan,"she said,

a comfort to Charity in the long had to say must wait perhaps "where did you come from?"

days after. might never be said! His arms tightened around her

HThe day that the mantle of the That was more than two years and his voice was husky. "Charity,"

ago. Jonathan had missed the hatehe said. "Valiant, little, neverProphet fell on Brigham Young,

of the failing fury whipped singthe I've Charity! mob, in hunted you his threadingJonathan was way ing anvils of Israel, every night and the from here wagon to Nauvoo. in thethrough the uneasy crowd

I and day ferrying across back came mission of wagons the from my thegrove before the of opening the left It there. the move. on day after you hard was Mississippi—Israeltwo o'clock meeting.

the for Shefwaiting it was March, and to up. you Now grow That

"Charity Sheffield,"he said, takfield wagons were only two of hunday in the grove I knew you had, ing both her hands in his. "You dreds that stretched across the mudand I thought I was through with

more beautiful every time Igrow I got my dy plain of Iowa from horizon to waiting—then call—thatsee you."horizon. very day! I couldn't ask to wait, you

"Jonathan,"she asked, "what and I was so afraid someone else will happen to the Saints? Will Charity, her body whipthin and would come along first."

Sidney Rigdon be our new prophet? tight as wet rawhide, was trying "No one could do that ever,"said

'Guardian of the Church'he said vainly to get the stupid oxen to pull Charity. Jonathan tipped her face

this morning."their supply wagon out of the mire. to his, and they were oblivious to

Jonathan patted her hand reassurShe had shouted "Gee"and "Haw"the voice of Amelie, calling Jonaingly. "Whatever happens is right, until her throat was sore. The than, her voice thin and commandCharity. The Lord is still at the steady rain made a cold river of her ing in the rain.

SEPTEMBER 1947 595

\1A Vkerne {Introduction of the new M.I.A. theme for 194748 took

Clieridh Jheml place at the opening session of the June conference Thurs-> day morning, with the following brief message from President "pVERY generation is remembered by the monuRichard L. Evans of the First Council of the Seventy and

ments it leaves behind. Whether hewed out a member of the Y.M.M.I.A. general board.)

of granite or marble, or cast in bronze, or only recorded in history, they represent events that reveal you Ifshallyouhavekeepeternalmy commandmentslife. (D. & C. and14:7.)endure to the end

the soul of the times. These monuments of the

past, as they are remembered, shape the ideals and HThere is in this glorious theme from the Docpractices of the present. trine and Covenants a perpetual promise conalive, in marBerlin, keeps in atte sieges The promise ditioned a upon perpetual obligation—the somefought, that generations of ble, the war spirit life eternal conditioned of comupon keeping the times unworthily, for earthly gain alone—and a mandments and enduring to the end.

bleeding Germany lies in the dust. Keeping the commandments of God is not mereJohn Huss, though burned at the stake for rely a matter of one moment, or of one day, or of

senting religious tyranny, rises triumphant from one year.

the huge monument in Prague—and the love of To keep the commandments, and to endure to

liberty has animated the Czech nation for centhe end, means persistent and positive performance.

turies. And positive performance is more than the mere

The Magna Carta, the warrant of free men, has absence of active evil. The kingdom of God was

determined the issues of life for centuries among never built, and individual salvation was never a people on an otherwise insignificant island. And attained by languishing in inactivity.

Britain, despite her many follies and misadvenWe are sometimes inclined to be impressed with tures, has carried freedom over the earth to the the apparent goodness of those whom we observe downtrodden among men. in peaceful sleep. But it isn't enough just to be

The past is the web and woof of the pattern, good and asleep. We have to be good and awake.

and the very tissue of today. Another thought on this theme: Real happiness

They who one hundred years ago toiled across is timeless, eternal. It endures beyond the present.

the plains and up the mountains to the valleys of Real happiness never offers indulgence today and the Rocky Mountains, and the many who followed a headache tomorrow. And those who ignore the

them with ox team, handcarts, or on foot, did so rules and disregard the commandments are foolunafraid, for they were on the Lord's errand. ing themselves and only themselves.

When the crickets fell upon the tiny fields in the A straight line is the shortest distance between for help. fathers turned desert, glaring our to God for mistake a those a curve two who points—but their Battalion began of the Mormon boys The invariably shortcut up far from they where wake

unequalled march with a prayer to God and apthought they were going.

pealed to him daily. Our men, present when gold And time lost on detour, and journeys traveled

was found in the tumbling American River prein the wrong direction are all subtracted from the ferred the then barren valleys of Utah where they mark we might have made.

could build a kingdom to God. Love of God, not There is no way that leads anywhere that anyof gold, lands, or power over others, was the heart's one wants to go, except by keeping on keeping the

desire of the pioneers, and to win God's approval commandments.

was their dear hope. Their fame is secure, thrill- "Endure to the end,"for "success is never final."

ing, and inspiring; their work a marvel and a wonIn business, a profit at the end of one day does

der to be acclaimed, and to be sought after. not mean that we are solvent. In warfare, winning

The great stone and bronze "This is the Place"one battle does not mean that we have won a war.

Monument on the sagebrush covered hill, the hunIn life, a brief season of good works does not mean dreds of pioneer cities and villages, the schools and that we have lived successfully. colleges, the long vistas of ripening fields—are the An occasional cure does not make a good docfeeble expressions of the love of God which ditor. An occasional idea does not make a brilliant

rected every pioneer movement. man. And an occasional worthy deed does not

It is good to have such traditions! An intellimake a successful life.

gent people with steady eyes will cherish them A man may deal honestly for many years, and and make them part of life. Then indeed we of then, in one moment, misappropriate money. He

1947 will celebrate worthily the victories of 1847. didn't endure to the end, and he pays a penalty.

—J.A.W. ( Concluded on page 604

596 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 4$IEVIDENCES and REGDNBILIiniDNS less than twenty inches of water annually. We

oxv. lA/nat eJjld the JUtoneers live on a dry earth. This is true on every continent.

America is no exception. Fully twofifths of the

Lontribmte to the Welfare of \Jther$ f United States lie under an annual rainfall of less than twenty inches.

their westward, march from New York State A IN precipitation under twenty inches, annually, is to the Salt Lake Valley, and by ocean to Caliinsufficient, unless conserved by special methods fornia, the Latterday Saints established farms, of tillage, to support crops in any degree comregion. Since parable crop yields of with the humid buildings. cities, public notable and built founded

it factor in plant growth, a water is so important trail. states of in their Civilization followed The

earth of that the regions has followed humid more

Missouri, Iowa, Nebraska, Ohio, llinois, New York, settlefor as places out have been sought human Arizona, Idaho, and CalUtah, Nevada, Wyoming, ment, not because of the greater attractiveness ifornia have all profited directly from the pioneers.

When at last they found partial peace in the valbutfrombecausethe pointof oftheviewgreaterof climateease in orsecuringsoil fertility,large leys of the Great Basin of North America, they set waiting, world crop yields. was The civilized have which for their up practices own survival their in the the pioneers undertook work toil when benefit. pioneer Their of worldwide become American west, for modern methods by which the

became a blessing to all the peoples of the earth.

equally attractive other dry lands of the earth

In all their journeyings the living power of the might be made to serve human needs better than in restored gospel was manifested. Despite a perthe past.

secution unequalled in modern history, the Saints This was the first problem of the pioneers. Natremained faithful to the newfound truth. They urally they turned first of all to the ancient art

to place brutally place from might be driven artificial application of into of to water irrigation—the cities their their desert, destroyed, the heartless of large lands producing for the purpose and

women ravished, their temples violated, their steady crop yields whenever the rainfall is inhomes laid waste—but their certain knowledge of sufficient to meet the full water requirements of

the truth of the gospel restored by the Prophet crops. A system of irrigation was set up through

Joseph Smith remained unchanged. Indeed under the pioneer years, on which rest nearly all later

persecution this knowledge flamed higher, and beirrigation developments throughout the world. Ancame an increasing witness of the reality of the cient, timehonored laws, like the one that water in

new message from heaven to earth. Thoughtful a flowing stream must not be diverted from its

people everywhere, seeing this, knew that in their main channel, had to be abrogated; substitute laws,

religion lay the power of truth, which may yet like that of the beneficial use of water, fitting the restore peace on earth. This will always be the needs of the day needed formulation; proper sumain contribution of the Latterday Saints. pervision of the delivery and use of water on lands

In the conquest of the arid and semiarid area were to be devised; questions of ownership of

of America, the Latterday Saints made the United water, whether a separate commodity or adhering

States one land. The two seaboards, Atlantic and to the land required answer; and methods of huPacific, were at the time of the pioneers separated man social organization under the canal demanded

by a vast area supposed to be unsuitable for sucattention. Courageously and intelligently, the

cessful human settlement. There was no continuity pioneers tackled these problems, and in the end

of home and industrial life between the two seagave to the world a set of irrigation principles and boards. They were separated by deserts and mounpractices, used in one form or another by every

tains that promised to remain hunting grounds for section under a low rainfall, which means every the trapper and pleasure seeker. Then came the continent of earth.

Latterday Saints and showed how the desert Irrigation, however, did not solve the whole could be tamed. The lessons of the pioneers were agricultural problem. There is not enough water

quickly taken up; the West was invaded by setflowing in streams and rivers, anywhere in the arid

tlers, by slow but steady degrees, until today and semiarid regions to irrigate more than perhaps "from sea to sea"homes touch homes, and America onetenth of the lands in need of the artificial apis one continuous land of prosperous people. It plication of water. What about the remaining ninewas a glorious gift of the pioneers to their country tenths of this fertile but dry area? With irrigation

which they believed to have been founded under well under way, many pioneers turned to this probdivine inspiration.. lem. It was found that under certain methods of

The experiences of the pioneers served also the tillage fair crops could be obtained when the anneeds of the people beyond the seas. Onehalf of nual rainfall was twelve inches or even less, dethe earth's land surface receives a precipitation of (Concluded on page 606)

SEPTEMBER 1947.: )

how t. =M HDHING mm

fRESHHtSS Daughter Hubbard's Cook's Corner and fUVOR L% Cupboard Josephine B. Nichols IN <5 "y *

By Lavonne Langolf fROWM Lunches for the School Child

to went "other Hubbard WtMS her An adequate lunch is just as imporit cupboard empand found tant as breakfast or dinner for good ty, but that was long ago. No nutrition of the school child, whether WITH Mmodern homemakers need to have served at home or carried to school.

shelf space going to waste! Even if Lunches should be planned several

the cupboard isn't "bare,"Daughter days ahead in order that they may be

Hubbard rearranges and sees what properly prepared, appetizing and nutriIqc

Protect freshness, flavor a change can be made. tious.

and appearance in frozen A little shelf space can be trans- A good home lunch should contain meats, fish, fowl and game formed into a library, a writing the following foods:

the moisturevapor- bar, or a sewing desk, a beauty dish such as main with LOCKERAP—1 A

proof paper that LOCKS library section in the NATcabinet. soup cream For the

JUICES. the URAL Used by best or egg cheese locker place book, a favorite a magaand plants. Get at your grocer's! LOCKERAP

fish meat or it is shelf; surzine or two on the

Handy Guide to Correct Wrapping prising how many minutes can be scalloped or creamed vegetables spent in reading rather than in 2. Enriched bread and butter

STEP 1: Use sheet large watching the pot boil! 3. Fruit or tomato

to enough wrap around stationery box doesn't take 4. Milk or a milk drink or milkrich TWICE. Place meat A

close to end of paper much space, yet it can hold postal dessert.

and roll over once. BE cards, writing paper, stamps, a penThere are many nourishing foods

SURE THAT WAXED for the to prepare easy cil, which are for a fountain pen. Waiting and

SIDE IS NEXT TO MEAT If are properly these foods lunchbox. to dinner him won't seem to come

nearly so long if the time is spent prepared, carefully wrapped, and appetizing will remain they writing that little note that has been packaged STEP 2: Tuck side in one trip after to school. the and attractive

of paper. Be sure neglected. to

crease tightly and tuck

securely, insuring airThe beauty bar can hold nail viduallySandwichesin waxedshould paper.be wrappedSalads indiand

tight seal. Sealing air polish, lipstick, powder, and a clean puddings should be placed in covered

out is essential to propuff. paper containers.

tection of flavor An empty cracker box makes a handy sewing cabinet, and it is plen- A hot dish or a hot drink gives variety large enough to hold thread, ty and tastiness to the wellplanned needles, scissors, thimble, as well as lunch.

is a guide for planning The following a few sox or something else that carried lunch: a good

needs mending. You know, a stitch

in times saves—it saves time for 1. Substantial sandwiches (made

something else! from a variety of breads with a genSTEP 3: Roll meat half STEP 4: Seal tightly with Try hanging a calendar on the erous amount of nutritious fillings

over again and tuck In tape or string. Label with inside of the cupboard door for

salad, celery, raw carrot, A crisp (to vegetables keep other side of wrapper soft pencil or crayon. checking those appointments you or 2.a tomato

don't want everyone to see. It is wrap in a wet paper towel then incrisp,wax

surprising how many wasted minpaper) utes could be used and how many things can be enjoyed, when before 3. Something sweet like cookies,

there was never time enough. gingerbread, custard, fruit, or pudPerhaps Mother Hubbard's cupdings

board was bare, but that was long Variety is important if the lunch is ago. Daughter has new ideas! to be eaten and enjoyed day after day.

The following recipes may be helpTREES IN AUTUMN ful in preparing lunches:

By Laura Emily Mau Mock Chicken Salad Filling

trees WESTERN PAPER CO. npHE WAXED veal cooked pound their * leaves Yi changed PORTLAND Have LOS ANGELES

eggs 4 hard cooked (chopped) Division Cro OAKLAND Corp. wn -Zel I e rbach to green gold red and Of

To scatter warmth when autumn winds 34 cup chopped sweet pickles

Blow cold. salad dressing

598 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Cook's Corner Mix veal which has been cut in small pieces with eggs, pickles, and enough salad dressing to moisten.

This is an excellent filling for hollowed out wiener rolls.

Fish Loaf

2 cups shredded cooked fish 132 cups mashed potatoes y cup fine dry bread crumbs salt and pepper y2 cup evaporated milk 1 egg 1 tablespoon butter

Mix ingredients thoroughly, season to taste. Pour into a greased loaf pan. Bake

at (350 F.) 30 to 45 minutes, or shape

mixture into small cakes and saute in hot

fat.

Whole Wheat Nut Bread

2 cups whole wheat flour 1 cup white enriched flour sugar cup brown ]/2 baking powder All in favor say... 3 teaspoons

Yl teaspoon soda % cup chopped walnuts y cup mild molasses milk % cup FELSNAPTHA!

cup water 24 Dissolve brown sugar in water, add molasses and milk. Add to sifted dry ingredients to which nuts have been added.

Bake in two greased loaf pans for 35 minutes at 400 F.

Oatmeal Drop Cookies

Yl cup shortening Y2 cup sugar 1 egg 34 cup evaporated milk J4 cup water 2 cups rolled oats 1 cup chopped raisins 134 cups sifted enriched flour When it's a choice of laundry cinnamon teaspoon y2 teapsoon 2 baking powder soap, millions of families vote x/2

Cream shortening. Add sugar slowly. the straight FelsNaptha 'ticket'

water, milk, egg, well beaten add the Then salt, Sift flour with raisins. oats, and cinFor work clothes and play clothes; white shirts, linens

to first powder. baking Add add namon; and towels; for delicate underthings—and of course onto a a teaspoon from mixture. Drop greased baking sheet. Bake in a moderate for Baby's things that must be extra clean and soft—

oven 375 F. until brown, about 20 minthere is nothing like the thorough cleaning

utes. Makes 40 cookies.

action of gentle FelsNaptha Soap.

Baked Postum Custard 3 cups milk FelsNaptha 's blend of good, mild soap 34 cup sugar and active naptha assures whiter 2 tablespoons instant postum 3 eggs slightly beaten washes with less work. Be sure

34 teaspoon salt to mark your shopping 'ballot'vanilla teaspoon y postum. Combine eggs, FelsNaptha—Bar and Chips. milk with Scald

sugar, salt, and vanilla; add hot liquid

gradually. Pour into greased baking dish

or custard cups. Place in pan of hot water

and bake at 325 F 45 minutes or until knife inserted comes out clean. Chill, serve

coconut with cream. Shredded plain or FelsNaptha Soap top. If custard sprinkled over the may be

carried is to be in lunch box, bake in unBAN/SHESyATTLETALE GRAY"cups. paper waxed

SEPTEMBER 1947 599

lei's Work Together 4t\\jE have committed the Golden

Rule to memory; let us now Stt

commit it to life."

Yes, to a large extent this is true.

From time to time it is well for us to be reminded of the common kindnesses July 17, 1947 and courtesies which we sometimes fail To Presidents of Stakes and Chairmen of to extend and yet which play such an Stake Melchizedek Priesthood Committees important part in the lives of people. Dear Brethren:

Those who show understanding and consideration for others wield a powThe enclosed questionnaire is sent as a means of determining your erful influence for good. Since exampresent policy, problems, and recommendations with regard to the meetple is probably the most powerful ing time of the Melchizedek Priesthood quorums of your stake.

method of teaching, especially among Current instructions have permitted stakes to establish at their the children and young people, it is own option the meeting times of the priesthood. This has resulted in a

not amiss that we should subject ourgreat variety of meeting dates and hours. It is now desired to study

selves to selfanalysis occasionally and your findings and recommendations in this important matter to ascertain determine whether our example is conthe wisdom and feasibility of effecting a simplification and unification ducive of good and worthy of emulaof the present priesthood program.

tion, or whether the sublime purity and Kindly complete and return this questionnaire in the enclosed innocence of childhood have been imstamped, selfaddressed envelope within ten days. Your promptness

paired or besmirched through our and thoroughness will be deeply appreciated.

thoughtless or inconsiderate actions.

Faithfully your brethren, As bearers of the priesthood we canGeneral Priesthood Committee not escape the responsibility the Lord By Ezra Taft Bensonhas placed upon us with regard to our relationship to children—an admonition

which behooves us to be shining exSubject: QUESTIONNAIRE Re. PRIESTHOOD MEETING TlME.

amples of righteous living and devotion to our Maker. Speaking to us in 1. Name of Stake:.

our day the Lord has said: Monthly

Weekly Meeting Quorum Meeting And they shall also teach their children 2. Elders Quorum or Group Meetings:

. a. week: Day ofto before pray, the to walk uprightly and.....

.. b. of meeting: TimeLord.....

. c. of meeting: Length shall also the 'inhabitants.... of Zion And

3. Meetings: or Group Seventies Quorum it holy. to the keep Sabbathobserve day

. a. of week: Day

shall reinhabitants of also the Zion And:. b. of meeting Time.... are their labors, as they inasmuchmember

. c. meeting: of Length.... all faithfulness; labor, for in toappointed

4. or Priests Meetings Group Quorum High

in before shall idlerthe remembrance had be a. of week: Day

the Lord.

.: b. meeting of Time.... I, pleased well not the Lord, am Now, c. meeting: of Length.... there Zion, for inhabitants are the ofwith conflict 5. these with other meetings? meetings or overlap, Do

idlers among them; and their children are (Yes) (No)

also growing up in wickedness; they also If so, what organization and to what extent?.

riches the earnestly notseek of eternity, 6. find present meeting time your advantageous? most you Do

greediness. their of are full eyesbut 7. for priesthood time and and day quorum What group meetings do you feel

These things ought not to be, and must would be conducive to maximum efficiency? State freely your suggestions

be done away from among them;... (D. >. and recommendations.

C. 68:2832.) 8. Explanation of unusual conditions. (Use reverse side if necessary.)

Have our examples built or diminSigned:

ished the faith of these little ones? Date: Title:..

Have our acts bewildered them and ofAddress:,.

fended God, or have they been inspiring and ennobling?

In one matter there is considerable room for needed improvement. This is requested and merited by the followpriesthood quorums who of necessity have

in the relationship of the priesthood to ing pronouncement: to leave on adjournment of the priesthood,

the Church Sunday Schools. In the it would be helpful to the Sunday School if

March 1947 issue of The Instructor, We shall greatly appreciate the influthey would remain in their class rooms unpage 141, appeared an article adence of the priesthood committee of the til the children and young women have entered the the brethren the chapel in urging and Authorities Junior Sunday inGeneral superintendents, to thedressed quarters the rather School than to hour meeting marching priesthood attend be who suggestionscorporating and recomfor the from while to remain meetinghouse School preceding the away Sunday mendations with which the general Sunday School work, as originally planned children and women are coming in. This,theas

priesthood committee fully concur. We when gospel lessons for the adults, includis evident, makes a rather bad impression

desire that the priesthood of the ing members of the priesthood quorums, on the younger generation.

Church set the proper example and were assigned to the Sunday School. In These recommendations, we are informed,

extend the courtesy and consideration case there are those in attendance in the were approved by the General Authorities.

600 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA This column is written for Latterday Saint readers—for people who believe in the divine calling of the Prophet Joseph Smith. To them it may be

trite to say that liquor and tobacco are

CONDUCTED BY THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE "not good for man."But it is extremely helpful, particularly to young peoTWELVE—HAROLD B. LEE, CHAIRMAN; EZRA TAFT BENSON, MARION G. ROMNEY,

THOMAS E. MC KAY, CLIFFORD E. YOUNG, ALMA SONNE, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, ple, to learn that the findings of able

ANTOINE R. IVINS and learned men fully confirm the truth

that the Lord revealed to Joseph Smith.

Hence whatever may be the case with of nonmembers the Church, those Quorum Meeting Time its fold sinlessly cannot NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO within indulge

Increased emphasis is being placed COLUMN in the use of liquor or tobacco. Howupon priesthood responsibility. Conducted by ever, the use of these narcotics has

There is much work to be done if the Dr. Joseph F. Merrill increased among Church members. ( Of

duties devolving upon the priesthood this should we not be ashamed? ) They

are discharged as the Lord intended. have been intrigued by the deceptions

Yet, generally speaking, it has been of designing men and by the induldelegated only a minor place in our Lodtd Araain tv fount gences of those "who know not God."

daily affairs and religious devotions. But from these things they will turn

Many quorums and groups consider C atan, the devil, is still on the march. away when they give serious thought

their priesthood responsibilities pretty Any interested observer may see to the commandments of God. Magawell accomplished if they have atabundant evidence of this fact in many zine articles, pamphlets, books, everytended their fiftyminute weekly meetdifferent places and in many different where abound from which the reader

ing. directions. But at the moment we are may learn that liquor and tobacco are

Can we truly honor our priesthood looking at liquor and tobacco consumpnot good for man, and their use is disby subordinating the quorum meeting tion, the dollars paid for which in Utah pleasing to God.

to a position wholly incompatible with ( and in the country as a whole ) during So let us use all available means to the divine purposes for which it was the fiscal year 1947, which ended June induce our people to take these facts instituted? Will slackness in divinely 30, reached an alltime high, exceeding seriously to heart and mind and then

imposed obligations merit the blessings the unprecedented record of 1946. Folresolve that they have no money to

of the Lord and engender in priesthood lowing are the official figures obtained waste in ways pleasing to the devil.

quorums the full spirit of brotherhood from Utah State Tax Commission: Let us all resolve to keep the two

and fellowship? place imJust of what

1946 Paid for 1947 Great Commandments. portance should meetings quorum and Cigarets 6,856,215 7,705,137 $ $

activities assume? hour, day What of Beer 12,096,603 13,606,916

the week and length of time are most Liquor 12,822,668 13,402,669 conducive of the maximum benefit to the Church and bearers of the priestTotals $31,775,486 $34,714,722 Jeptember hood?

These and many similar questions Thus the increase was 9.5 percent

over the record high of 1946, making dictated the desirability of sending to the three paid in 1947 amount times IN CHURCH HISTORY presidents of stakes and of chairmen stake Melchizedek Priesthood commitmore than was paid in the prewar year 1941, which $11,372,052. was letter tees the attached questionand retiring 7Vfter for the night, Sunday, this increase? rate of enormous Why in naire the of determining hope the September 21, 1823, the Prophet /\ It is is active, Satan, to ever due who practice, needs, desires and of the Joseph visited Smith the was by trying to the of accomplish downfall priesthood with reference members to Angel Moroni told the of who him man. not are Liquor tobacco and good these matters. of Book record. visit Mormon This for it said man. he Lord and The repeated was twice night, that more

is too; that knows, Satan and knows and once the on following morning,

is of Satan supports back and why and by previous appointment Is Joseph Place"the'This effort to increase every the consumpmet at Hill the Moroni the at Cumorah (Concluded from 573) page tion these of injurious substances.

time in same 1824, 1825, 1826, and and it is in asprowess the exhibited rather Sounds preachy, dogmatic and received instructions. received Joseph inhighest sports. best it It and is truth. you say? the They be, but may the sacred record the and and Urim In effects the general the of ideals too, the of the consumpcommemorate,

to it, translate Thummim September tion of these narcotics physically, are inpioneers service to courtesy, one 22, 1827.

mentally, bad. morally and Satan, But visitorsanother stranand to and Section twentynine of the Doctrine designing working through capable andgers. and pertaining Covenants the last to using (and of vast men women), sums (to paraphrase Albert And now, days and the gathering received was it desirable, has money, appear made

W. Hadley): respectable, and socially smart to inin September 1830.

Exclaims the traveled stranger guest, dulge in the use of these souldestroy- Joseph Smith wrote an address on "This is the place in all the West,"ing narcotics. (See the article, "Albaptism for the dead, September 1,

Where Brigham and his Mormon band cohol and the College Student,"on page 1842. On the sixth he wrote another

First built in Utah's wonderland."581 in this issue of The Improvement address upon the subject. (D. & C.

And so 'twill be year after year Era.) "American ignorance, and gulli127, 128.)

They'll criticize or praise or cheer; bility for clever sales talks, are the chief The Nauvoo Mansion was opened

When we have long since quit the race causes"of widespread smoking and as a hotel by the Prophet in SeptemWill still be heard: "This is the place."drinking. ber 1843.

SEPTEMBER 1947 601

3L PRESIDING

LEADERSHIP YOUTHWard Teaching WARD

OUTLINE STUDY A Challenging Record OF

Suggestions in Season OCTOBER 1947

Ctake and ward committees on ward Note: This course of study is prepared

teaching should prepare now to under the direction of the Presiding place increased emphasis on ward Bishopric for presentation during the teaching. While there should never be monthly meeting of the ward youth

any relaxing of effort in this important leadership to be conducted by the bishpriesthood activity, no stake or ward opric in each ward. Members of the

Priesthood committee Aaronic and ward fall without season theshould go into

Latterday committee the for ward of for the drive a to launchpreparation girls attend to are expected Saint most effective and successful ward meeting. this

teaching ever accomplished.

are suggestions A few one's of hapchoice a mate and presented HpHE helpful: thatherewith may prove

in marriage piness or unhappiness

Stake Committees are extremely important in determining the longrange character of one's 1. All stake committees should be religious life and activity in the Church.

fully organized and functioning Fine young Latterday Saints who 2. Hold monthly meeting of the marry each other and attain much hapstake committee regularly piness are likely to encourage one anin gospelliving other in Church and the stake of com- 3. Assign members

fold the outside Marriage and JAMESJ. HAROLDA. KNIGHTONRICH, JR. visits to service. regular mittee to make

marriages in or out of the Church the wards which end in divorce, often lead the TLJarold, the incoming president of 4. Stimulate the plan to hold a ward participants away from things relithe deacons quorum, Boise First

teachers convention on a stake gious. Because of the importance of Ward, Boise Stake, and James, the

basis marital happiness, we leaders of youth outgoing president, have attended all 5. Prepare and mail stake reports to should be mindful of the subject and priesthood meetings, except one each

reach this, the Presiding Bishopseek constructively to help lay the because of illness, since they were orric's, office by the fifteenth of foundations of success in marriage in dained two and onehalf years ago each month the lives of our young people long beand three years ago respectively. Each

fore the time of marriage. of these leaders has qualified for the

Ward Committees Many Latterday Saints marry nonIndividual Certificate of Award every 1. Bishops should have ward commembers of the Church. Careful stuyear since his ordination.

mittees fully organized and funcdents of marriage problems all recogreligious that a common tioning. nize faith is their faith. How can we best do this?

in marriage. to happiness important

2. Ward committees should hold The divorce rate and the degree of unPropinquity

without fail the regular monthly happiness in marriage are considerably (Definition: "Nearness of nature,

meeting of the ward committee. higher among marriages between perdisposition, interests, etc.; affinity; as,

( This is a minimum requirement. sons of different religious affiliation propinquity as an aid to courtship.")

3. Bishoprics should see that two than among those of the same faith. Marriage, to a great extent, is a matactive ward teachers are assigned Some wonderful people have come into ter of propinquity. A young person

to each district. our Church through marriage; but, too, naturally and obviously marries some-

4. Emphasis should be placed upon many fine people have been lost to the one with whom he associates. If a

the necessity of all ward teachers Church by marrying people not of our young person of marriageable age and attending ward teachers report faith. It is highly desirable that we interest finds his association among

meeting each month. encourage our youth to marry within Latterday Saints, he will most likely

marry one; if among nonLatter-day

Saints, he will likely marry one of them. Therefore, if we wish our young

people to marry within the faith, we should help them to associate and mingle freely with each other as Latter-day Saints.

Secondly, what kind of associations lead to marriage? Today, more than

ever before, courtship has a social, recreational basis. Young folk have

all has out gone for the Priesthood program, excellent Aaronic SMITHFIELD music STAKE and comments eat, ride, dates, play, dance, to go are singing the localities the o/ on the chorus heard the from sung. where many boys have The

like together, chorus is movies, marand the and is in from directed the up of boys ward stake Thorneley. each and made by Willard

602 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BISHOPRICS PAGE

Aaronic Priesthood Choruses hood music program received L.D.S. Girls

from the Presiding Bishopric Department in 3. DiscussionPriesthood chorusof wardproblems:Aaronic Bears Testimony

Priesthood Leadership (An exchange of ideas) a. How to interest boys in singMeeting ing

b. Discipline at rehearsals

Tt is recommended that a separate de- c. Attendance at performances

partment for stake and ward Aaron- d. Other topics of interest

ic Priesthood music directors and or- e. How boys can best be used

ganists be held each month when the after they are prepared to sing stake priesthood leadership meeting 4. The monthly topic—

convenes. The department meeting will A course of study on the subject

afford an excellent opportunity for of the boy's voice and boys'chorstake leaders to meet ward leaders in uses has been prepared under the a discussion of problems pertinent to direction of the Presiding Bishthe progress and development of the opric. It is planned that the subAaronic Priesthood music program and ject be presented in monthly inthe musical welfare of the boys who stalments during the separate

comprise the chorus membership. departmental meetings. Outlines

of the course of study for SepOrder of Business tember, and each month there- 1. Roll call of wards after, will be sent directly to

2, Review of current instruction Aaronic Priesthood music direcconcerning the Aaronic Priesttors. MARTINE HARRIS

KAartine is a member of the Idaho riage eventually follows. If we as young Latterday Saints meet each Falls Second Ward, Idaho Falls

youth leaders are to encourage marother? Stake. In a recent sacrament meeting,

riage within the Church, we must see 2. Discuss the values of a recreaher testimony concerning the L.D.S.

that our boys and girls not only meet tional program planned on the basis of girls program was an inspiration. She

each other, but also that much of their numbers, where larger groups of boys expressed gratitude to all those whose recreational life comes to them through and girls are brought together in social "help and understanding"have meant the Church. Let them play, dance, eat, life. so much to her.

and talk with each other under the 3. Of what does the recreational life "Ever since I was very small,"Marwholesome, spiritual influence of the of boys and girls together consist of tine stated, "my parents have taught

Church! in your community? me that we do have the true gospel."

4. What part of this is under the Here is a good example of how the

Questions auspices of the Church? "help and understanding"of L.D.S.

1. What steps are you taking in Next month: How to help our girl leaders, and the teachings of paryour ward, stake, or community to help youth succeed in marriage. ents, combine to the blessing of youth.

Florida lost has in Stake time no catching spirit the Priestof the Aaronic (Bishop Luther winning), Thomas 220 yard dash by stake presidency by (won program. hood of the Though one newest in stakes the (organized Church President Jacquard Lindsey, M. chairman of stake Aaronic Priesthood comJanuary they 1947), 19, are forward like moving seasoned veterans. other and many sports, outdoor not excluding the feature the of are above Aaronic Priesthood leaders members and assembled of all eats for good mittee),day—"plenty with than more enough for ice cream they E-Chock-O-Tee where real at CampPictured enjoyed a "heman's"type of boy dessert."

outing. The event included such highlights as running broad jump, sack race,

one legged race, backward race, 220 yard dash by bishops and counselors Watch Florida—they seem determined to play on the winning team.

SEPTEMBER 1947 603 s!M&*i&Mss iHB Editorial;

I (Concluded from page 596) What are $%6& gwdk made of? forAa longman time,may performand then ascommita patriotone

act of didn't treason. to endure He to for easy babies always spice and and OUGAR the a penalty. end, he and pays

its digest; in sealed because,... that's nice everything falters will his rereceive who He is container, Milk Sego nursery rhyme what the all for the done, he has ward good free surely harmful from

says. But what will really germs. but it will not be the reward of him

make your little girl, now who keeps the commandments and is reaanother big There is the endures to end. a There tiny just baby, up grow a

is a Milk son Sego why for of consistency performpremium and lively and strong for of milk form all in pursuits. ance happy? contains pure favoredbabies—of long us none know how we We sunshine vitamin Da—theit imporFirst, most and live. shall of us none know how We it's the vitamin. comAnd give is tant, the milk you is to perishable peropportunity our of vitamin bination and D supplies milk because her life, this in our part the form and that of minerals the milk to she needs minerals the

is thing in to only to can to do wisdom grow, help a we baby teeth and sound build - developed ourselves well conduct a as though have each to her help make bones, and teeth, and sound body, final full constituted day our and of growth. best the

bones that are straight and performance. are so There none it must Of course, be strong. other course any young but what sure milk. Being good

about that isn't any probSego Milk has helped could lead to misconduct, and there lem. Doctors recommend many thousands of babies are none so old but what they could

31| Sego Milk for babies beto be well, sturdy and forget the part they play if they cause it is uniformly rich happy. Ask your doctor were to relax their vigilance.

in the food substances of about Sego Milk for your Whether we are young or old in whole milk; because it is baby. years, it is never safe to set aside

any proved principle. For each

all statements made here that certifies seal This on promise and penalty will follow our true as by the Council accepted been have iSRR Foods and Nutrition of the American Medical Assn. performance as surely as this day

seal This certifies thatmakesthe oeriodicWisconsintestsAlumnito deterRe- has followed all those that have preFoundation search equal with diluted an that Sego Milk mine amount ceded it.

of vitamin units 400 gives you of water always

D per quart. That we shall move quickly or that

is m we shall perform spectacularly not of first importance—but that we

shall move surely and safely from moment to moment, from hour to hour, and from day to day, is the procedure for all who would reach their highest possibilities, for after the portals of this life open and close behind us, we shall still have ourselves to live with, and our performance to account for.

The greatest rewards, here and hereafter, are for consistency of performance. "If you keep my commandments—not only forand today,endurenotto theonlyend"for

ways—"youtomorrow, butshallalso havethis day,eternalandlife,alwhich gift is the greatest of all the

gifts of God."

NOW, SEPTEMBERi i#> By Courtney Cottam

crush I could the will to wander deep cleave canyons asunder '>(.* *f OH,Where

Send for care thisand64pagetraining,babythroughbook.infancyA reliableto childhood.guide to Couldmountainleave September'swalls; pageantry, her baby

Also physician. song,... by a wellknown Approved

Write booklet. latest recipe Mary Lee Taylor's did not tinge the leaves; if calls to: If autumn

SEGO MILK PRODUCTS COMPANY, Salt Lake City, Utah W: Of wild birds were not echoed in my heart;

Originator of Evaporated Milk in the Intermountain West If hazy skies and piny scents forbore,

Plants at Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho And fall subdued her wasteful, wanton urge

To spread a gay rug and the mossbrown floor! feel more justified if you have done grant those prayers you ask which are (Dacut, "Slsansui.: your full share in preparation for the for your best good, but you should

blessing you desire. Since the Lord has always understand this condition and

told us that when we obtain a blesspray as did his perfect Son, "Neverthine will but theless, be done."not ing it is to obedience the law upon my by "R in the in the and pray is morning that blessing predicated, Pray you D y the time you become which

a Gleaner your character is largely should live to merit the blessings you evening. Pray wherever you are and

formed, but you are aware of some seek. in whatever you do to live righteously

faults which you have, and you are If you live as well as you can and and resist temptation. Go to your Faoften harassed by worries. Sometimes, your prayers do not seem to be anther in heaven with your troubles and

you may feel misunderstood, even by swered as you wish, try to see the perplexities. Seek his help in overyour parents and closest friends. Howgood in matters as they turn out. coming your faults and weaknesses.

ever, you should never feel that you Sometimes your earthly parents do not Pray that you may be more sensitive stand alone. Your most secret thoughts feel inclined to grant certain requests to his love. Turn to him for comfort.

and actions are known to your Heavof yours because they may fear Pray for others as well as for yourenly Father. He is always ready to trouble, and pitfalls lie ahead in the self. Pray for an understanding heart.

hear and answer your prayers, whether course you desire. Sometimes, influThese things, through your faithfulyou address him in privacy at your enced by your entreaties, they yield, to ness, you may earn. Through constant

bedside or from your heart in the midst your subsequent discomfiture. prayer and through living in accordSpirit your which people,of the with perhaps in Holy ance situation a danFather, however, Heavenly Your to you, you guide will give togerous you Father you. every prayer, Your the experfect with knowledge knows

blessing which greatest the oral is silent,whether earn or heard may your by life will in periences mortal which and righteous a upon Father.Heavenly can he greatest development, bring the you

life. obedient "Call the often in upon Lord praybestowdaughter—eternal refine will experiences the which and

er,"are words which perhaps appear in purify you. Although they may be In closing I pray, dear Gleaner, that

your own patriarchal blessing. Whenhard ones and seem not to be an anyou may ever use prayer to keep open

close communicationever you need special help—to take swer to your prayers, learn to accept, a straight path of

an examination, to play in a recital, to humbly, all experiences that come to with your Father in heaven.

give a talk, to determine proper beyou. Your Father's perfect love will Affectionately yours,

earnestly for the guidance you eternally; rather he permits them,havior,row—prayor at a time of sickness or sornot spare you trials, thereby retardingof the Holy Ghost. so that in overcoming them you may #4<*c>C> *3&y/ &fiAc Of course when you pray, you will gain the greatest progression. He will

LEARN CHURCH HISTORY atch These WITH PICTURES! ** Becom<

Never before such cm interesting array of colored pictures famous and of events and characters significant in Church History! 1 pular

The set includes 96 colored 8"x 10"pictures, including throughout the presidents of the Church, famous missionaries and piothe neers, the Mormon Battalion, dramatic scenes, places and Church events of Church History, temples, monuments to L. D. S.

achievement. JAeSet

These pictures are excellent for teaching in Sunday $

Schools, Primaries, M.I.A., Relief Society, Priesthood classes; oo

for personalized picture collecting hobbies, for writing your

P,us 2% Sales personalized history of the Church, for fireside attractions

Tax fieri, and for house games and entertainments.

DESERET BOOK COMPANY

44 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City 10, Utah

SEPTEMBER 1947 605..

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS

{Concluded from page 597) great contributions to general hupending on various conditions. This man welfare: America was made

system became known as dry farmone continuous land; the onehalf

is irrigation, ing. farming Like SAYS dry rainlying of the earth a low under Mining the "Recently Newmont primitive antiquity, but great of larger nation's oi the one Company, fall the desert can taught was how

its announced companies, mining its practice, limited have methods all certain of minintention developing conquered; be were mankind

enin Utah. eral ground We should to and made it hazardous. The work shown the cornerstones of success capital outside more courage

of our in development take a hand of ore of the Latterday Saints, in this field in every endeavor; and the path to each dollar For resources.

produced, 90c stays in Utah."has been heralded far and wide, and divine joy on earth and beyond was

been the means of bringing under laid bare.

profitable production millions of Thank God for the pioneers!

acres of land in every continent.—/. A. W. The pioneers belonged to the civilization that AngloSaxon peoples

had won for themselves through The Spoken Word centuries of struggle. The gains of (Concluded from page3 593) that struggle they must maintain. there were Romans."What men

METAL MINING INDUSTRY The stark, forbidding desert must want, they seek; and what they sow,

OF UTAH be subdued, but not at the price of they reap. Righteousness lasts as

civilized life and living. Somehow, long as men live righteously. Dethey must hold on to their social, cency is found where decency is

economic, and spiritual possessions cherished and preserved. So it is

on the conquered desert as well as with all else that makes life worth they had in humid regions. That while. Freedom lasts as long asAr Ljreat was the challenge to the pioneers people place a higher value on freeto build communities of modern, civdom than they do on some other

ilized people under the ditch, comthings. A people may have inherited

. rainfall regions from which they eration, but merely inheriting someear parable or superior to those of the a way of life from a previous gencame. That accomplishment was the thing does not assure its perpetuagreat contribution to the world's tion. No way of life is long enis beginning at the "Y"welfare, a great lesson to the workjoyed unless we work for it and

ers on the half of the earth's surlive for it. And we have no right to

Coming from all parts of face lying under a low rainfall. expect that privileges and blessHow that was done will yet be ings shall be showered continually

the Church, more young the theme of many a book and lecupon us whether we earn them or people than ever before will ture. Hundreds of peaceful villages, not, or deserve them or not. It is not

be at Brigham Young Uniwith schools, churches, and the pubenough merely to receive. "It is not

versity for the opening of the lic park; remains of factories and enough to be inheritors only."And

other industries; a people who stand anyone who expects to inherit ev1947-48 school year. They foremost among all people, anyerything is on his way to losing

will find unequalled opporwhere under the sun, in educational what he has inherited. If enough

tunities for high standard standing—all these are silent witof us are willing to pay the price to

nesses of the success of the pioneers preserve the principles, we shall education in the world's finin learning how, though in the deshave some chance of saving what est social and spiritual enert, to live a full life. was so sweet to our fathers. If

vironment. As their work is studied, the eterenough of us are not willing, we

AUTUMN QUARTER BEGINS nalout principlesboldly. Onlyof theirby successcooperationstand whileshall reapthereaswerewe sow.Romans.""RomeSodomlasted

New Students'Orientation Sept. 26 can the tasks beyond the strength of could not produce the required ten.

Registration Days Sept. 29, 30 a single man be accomplished. In- A way of life lasts only so long as

dustry is demanded by every sucthere are those in sufficient numbers

WINTER QUARTER BEGINS cessful enterprise. Education enand with sufficient courage and conJANUARY 5 ables work to be done properly. viction to preserve the principles

{New student's applications due Dec. 1) Faith in God brings to weak, mortal and ideals that brought it into being.

man power to do, and happiness to 3Author unknown enjoy, that make all effort worth-—June 29, 1947.

S3riaham Ljou,nq while. These were the cornerstones

on which they built faith, education, industry, and cooperation.

lAniveMitif BasinThe ofpioneersNorth cameAmericato thein searchGreat

PROVO, UTAH of a land of peace. Out of their

necessary toil for selfsupport, came 606 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA jtl '.4V. THE FARM wwmyON

FARMALL is a registered trademark.

ONLY International Harvester builds FARMALL Tractors.

IS HERE FARMALLMSwith Matched Cub Equipment!

Faster, easier work—allPut the Farmall Cub to work and say

purpose capacity and econgood-bye to the slow, tiresome work you omy—that's what the new walked through before. The Cub's ridFarmall Cub brings to the ing comfort, ease of handling and fingersmall farm and truck gardens of this tip controls really bring a "new day"

Meets every planting need country! to the small farm. The precisionbuilt

With a full line of matched, specially- 4-cylinder engine, with 3 forward speeds designed implements... with such feaand variablespeed governor, gives you

tures as the Universal Mounting Frame top performance.

and Master Control... the Farmall Cub

is just right for those crop acres that are...AND LOOK AT THE PRICE! now without effective, efficient power.

o. b. factory. Farmall Cub in the types of power are four There tractor as shown equipped Cultivators for every crop

higher. slightly Attachabove, forwardpush to Farmall power Cub: extra. implements and ments at545 f. pull those or implements mounted

tached to the drawbar... to operate

machines through the power takeoff or International Harvester Company belted up to the pulley. 180 North Michigan Avenue Chicago 1, Illinois

See the Farmall Cub at your International Dealer's

Mower cuts 4'/2-ft. swath

SEPTEMBER 1947 607

Hole in the Rock ( Continued from page 584 fall! out, cried "You'll

eyes! PAY ONLY DOWN George,Sevy close your Take my

hand!"But it was too late. George Hobbs

BALANCE ON EASY, E-A-S-Y TERMS was already gone from the wall of the cliff. Sevy shuddered. He tried

to force his ears not to hear. He

for the magnificent new kept his mind within its own confines, until, by sheer will, he could hold his own position. And then he

began his descent, but slowly, painfully sure of every step. He reached

the bottom, certain that Hobbs would be dead. What he saw was

three gaunt, wildeyed men, speechless from laughter. It drove him to

a frenzy of anger, "Stop it!"he cried. "Stop it, you

idiots. Close your mouths and help

find a way out of here!"

"What's wrong with a good laugh?"Redd gasped, and laughed

the harder.

"Shut up, George Hobbs!"Sevy

cried. "But for your clumsy fall,

I'd have been to the top by now.

Safe. Safe! Do you hear! Yet I

risk my neck to get back to you, and

PAY find you all laughing like silly fools!

ONLY Die, if you want to! I'm getting out

$63.70 of here. Now, before you drive me

DOWN crazy, too!"

"Who are you, to give orders?"

snapped. Then, because he Redd

older, dispassionate than Here is the world's BEST dollar for dollar piano value I was more

Beautifully styled, rich tones, easy control, full the others, he spoke in a mollifying is there to do, volume and modestly priced. Guaranteed for 10 tone. "What George?"

years. See the Lester Betsy Ross Spinet today! Still angry, Sevy cried, "You

might try dreaming a way out! You

did it once, do it again!"

Morrell laid his hand on Sevy's arm. "We're losing grip on ourselves,"he said. "I don't think you

quite know what you're saying,

George. It's true that we laughed

when we saw Hobbs come tumbling down the cliff, but to you it was no laughing matter. You scoffed at

Brother Redd's dream, yet it was no scoffing matter. It gave us a way

out of one of the toughest spots we've been in. If we ever get out—

and we've got to—we'll have to

stick together, brothers all the way."

Sevy took a deep breath to steady his nerves, tried to speak, and couldn't. He knew no apology was

expected of him, but he wanted to make one. Hobbs came to the resjbaifneb iffusic Co.

his began groping so. mff/n sl srlt lrhe city -j suppose—"he r 4547 cue with a suggestion. "Do you (Continued on page 610)

608 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "My lady customers like Fuller's 'gotogether'colors. They pep up

a room like pulling up the shades and letting the good sun in.

Easy to harmonize with rugs and drapery colors, too. FREE "knowhow"FOLDERS

And you can use 'em to make a low ceiling higher, a high For jobs you like to do yourself, get ceiling lower, a small room bigger or a big room cozy. one of our "How to Paint It"

ceilings, furniture, walls Another thing—the same colors come in flats and folders—onor woodwork. a complete, Each folder

semi'gloss. That's smart. Lets me match walls stepby-step guide to good results.

and woodwork. Quality? Say, Dad used Your Fuller Paint Dealer has

Fuller paints before I was born. I always them. W. P. Fuller & Co.

use them. They're real oilbase paints.

Washable, and they sure do last. Mighty

good paints!"

THERE'S A FULLER PAINT "qo'fcgetfhe/'wall colors DEALER NEAR YOU

* FULLCOAT—Soft, washable, nonreflective finish

"A"FULLERGLO—Eggshell, semigloss,- resists steam, stain

SEPTEMBER 1947 609 Hole in the Rock (Continued from page 608) LOW way toward the ledge, "would a snow dugway work?"

Sevy grasped the idea. Relief

spread over his features. Relief PABCO from an embarrassing situation, reFARES

lief that the suggestion was a possible way out. TO SAN FRANCISCO CINDEK

"It would hold us up,"he said.

"But we'd have to abandon the '400 stock."

Letting their differences die, the ENAMEL four men considered the suggestion. "I'd hate to lose Marthy,"

Morrell said with mock solemnity.

"She's such a good girl."Redd

thought Marthy was no better than his two mules. Sevy was of the

opinion that the animals could get along without human companionship, but it would be hard on the humans without the animals.

"We'll stage a grand reunion in the spring,"Hobbs laughed. "Right FAST and ECONOMICAL

now, we'd better get to work."For example:

And they did. By night there was R COACH FARES Si;?RT a slippery dugway of snow, wind81VIS that don't fade! ing up the cliff to the mesa on top. San Francisco M7.16 $32.30

Weary of mind and body, the Add 15% Federal Tax

WHITESMat danV "yellow"! scouts went down to their camp

again and fell supperless into bed.

COtOKS that dan 't discolor! With the first streak of light they

were awake, staring at their bed covers in amazement. While they

THE BRIGHTEST, PRETTIEST slept, a three inch fall of hoarfrost

GLOSS you've ever seen! And it keeps had covered them, and, even in the

that deep, sparkling gloss long after dim light, it glittered, cracking its ordinary enamel dulls! brittle little spikes with the slightest tawsa

movement of the blankets. DE LUXE RECLINING

Sevy threw back his covers and CHAIR CARS to the improvised ran dugway. Eliminates EASYBRUSHING!

rock!"hold TOURIST SLEEPERS as he cried. "It'll of ortiring "brushdrag""Hard the heavy,

dinary enamel. Selfleveling. Leaves the horses up!"STANDARD PULLMANS

no brush marks. Dries quickly—Bedrooms, Drawing Rooms, with tested the They dugway dustfree!

it Compartments their at four weights once, and held. They jumped up and down, DINING CAR

laughing and shouting at their good Sensible Prices

GREATER ECONOMYtheir fortune. Then, sobered by PULLMANS deTHROUGH far more LONGER WEAR! Covers their liverance, stock they gathered Coast to Coast enamel. area durthan ordinary So

able that it withstands abuse, washand began the ascent. AIRCONDITIONED ings, mild chemicals, steam, boiling Marthy took the dugway without

water—without chipping, marring fuss or bother, just as she had taken COMFORT

or discoloring. Apply it on indoor every difficulty of the trip. The

and outdoor surfaces with complete mules followed Marthy, then the success horses, then the men, paced far For information call:

is it CinDek "400"the supreme of achievement more than 50 apart for safety. George Sevy, last H. R. COULAM,

of paint research years Pabco General Agent line, the strange turned at the top ire finest enamel haye PABCO in—the Street South Main 48 of the to look back dugway ever down wade! 4-6551 Phone

the treacherous Slick Rock ledge.

licked again!"he cried. you INC. "We've PARAFFINS THE COMPANIES* J) STREET. 475 BRANNAN time we'll "The next tackle you, we

19, FRANCISCO | SAN CALIFORNIA cut so deep you'll never lose the {Continued on page 612) WESTERN PACIFIC 610 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA JPlMSL QmpoJdanL

By Ora Pate Stewart

your pioneer blood) Pages from the Book of Eve (a good tonic for

The Naylor Co., San Antonio 6, Texas $2.50

"Such thorough enjoyment of a book I have not experienced since I can remember."—Harriet Taggert Byrtus

"If there is a better picture of ranch life and the doings of common iolk on the farm and the range, I haven't seen or heard of it."—Charles R. Mabey

"It carries the spirit of the Mormon family that is responsible for so many happy homes and family ties."—LeGrand Richards

"Some of the episodes cause laughter; others compel tears to

flow. But let EVE tell you her story, and life will look better

to you, and people will look lovelier to you, and you will feel refreshed."—John A. Widtsoe

(a genealogical miniature of the Israelitish family) PLANTED GOD A TREE

Zion's Publishing Co., Independence, Missouri fljl f\f\

"This talented writer has made a painstaking study of the great characters of the Old Testament and has put in book form material that will be interesting, edifying and inspiring to all who love that great book, the Bible."—Bryant S. Hinckley

"In this volume Ora Pate Stewart sets forth man's geneait."—Johnlogical heritage.A. WidtsoeIt will edify and instruct all who read

(poems and philosophy) GLEANINGS

The Naylor Co., San Antonio 6, Texas <pn rft

"Every line sparkles with the lovable and the artistic. An innate quality

sets each gem apart as something ingenious and distinctive. It is soulsatisfying. GLEANINGS should and will find an enviable niche in our

permanent literature."—Bertha A Kleinman

ASK FOR THESE BOOKS AT YOUR FAVORITE BOOK STORE OR USE CONVENIENT COUPON

ORA PATE STEWART

Midvale, Utah Please send copies of "Pages From the Book of Eve"..$2.50

Please send copies of "God Planted a Tree".$1.00

Please send copies of "Gleanings"as soon as it is off the press.$2.50

Please send combination orders, one copy of each title $5.50

Total number books Total amount enclosed

Name - Address

SEPTEMBER 1947 611 iiiiiininiiiimmiicsiiiiiiumoiiimmiiuiiiiimiii Hole in the Rock

BE HUMBLE "self respect"{Continued from page 610)IN USE for OVER FIFTY YEARS WHYWas it MANthat "pride"MUSTcalled

Lucifer scars. which generations "The made PERDITION"? OF Our SON will knowAids in treatment of Canker, simple Should himself believe make man

this he is a we've been way!"of throatsore the "sinner"? dust"a minor and "worm and other mouth

and throat irritations. theShouldreproachwe scourgeof our ourselvesvarious "unworthiness"?repeatedly with On to the Hole in the Rock the

Is the man who "crawls"the desired of four scouts filed—across Gray heaven?

Is "inferiority "humility"a cultivated white the comMesa, and solitary—downHALLSSalt Lake REMEDYCity, Utah plex"? There deceptive in man, 'which is a "miracle power"steep and sides of Cottoniiiinmiiuiiimiimiciiiiimiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiuimiiii only a Godhe,orhimself,a son ofcanperdition.wield which can make him wood Canyon, where even Marthy

about the Read with face, together greatestmany pitfallprofitableman truthswill everin brayed her reproach. From it, they

THE TEN COMMANDMENTS slid, rolled, and crawled, until they

THE SECOND CENTURY at book stores or agencies,from or direct by mail reached the ridge between the San with TIMBERLINE RIGGS Juandays inanda whitethe Colorado.wilderness! ThirteenNothing THE IMPROVEMENT ERA OVERTON, NEVADA

12 Issues $2.00 Also most other L. D. S. Books but flour porridge to eat, blinded by

sunglare, wracked by weariness and frost bite, hopelessly sorry sights even to themselves!

"I don't see how we can go anFor a More Enjoyable Visit other mile,"Lem Redd gasped.

When In Salt lake City, Stay at walk"There'sanotherthunderstep."in my ears! I can't

"You won't have to—for a considerable distance, at least,"Sevy

told him wryly, "for here's a place NEWHDUSE HOTEL where we can slide clear to the bottom. And if this canyon doesn't

lead to the Colorado, I'll confess I'm no scout.""You're probably right,"Lem said. "Since from this point every

canyon leads toward the river. Let's

start sliding."

And slide they did. The descent,

though painful, was, at least, effortless. They simply let go and

landed if and how they could.

Once at the bottom, assured that they had broken no bones, they started down the narrow canyon.

Neither thinking nor planning ahead, dragging their feet, clinging to the tails of their animals, muttering in fevered delirium as they grew weaker, colder, they staggered on.

One fell into the snow, then another and another, till Morrell alone was on his feet.

"Get up, boys,"he pleaded. "The

river is near. I know I can hear it. And it seems like—"He raised his

it

I a Where Hospitality Is An Established Tradition"nosehungrily.to the"No.wind.No, it'sHe notsniffedfood

-fc 400 Rooms, each with Private Bath... smell. It's—it's a crazy dream. I'll Ultra Modem Coffee Shop... Distinctively—I'll—"He gave up and slumped

Beautiful Royal Dining Room... Largest into the snow beside his friends.

Catering Facilities in the Intermountain George Hobbs pulled his face up

West. from the frozen snow, got to his

knees. What time had passed he Conveniently Located in Salt Lake's Downtown Shopping District. did not know. He felt stronger, less

feverish. He got to his feet, crying Main at 4th South Street out with the pain of weight on his

J. HOLMAN WATERS J. HOLMAN WATERS, W. ROSS SUTTON deadened limbs. The sound roused

President Managers Lem, and George Morrell, but Sevy (Continued on page 614) 612 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Uncle Henry swore his first car would be his last. For creeping oil

that scampered from hot cylinder walls let them wear so badly it cost a mint to run. "RPM"would have

made it an oilmiser because it's compounded to cling to engine hot spots and minimize wear.

Uncle Henry weakened again in 1922 and bought a Lexington. But

he went back to trolleys when internal rust ruined its engine.

"RPM"is compounded to rustproof motors and stop this cause of 80% of engine wear.

Then Uncle Henry tried "RPM"and the third time was a charm

Uncle Henry's third time was a charm. For now

he uses RPM Motor Oil and its added compounds stop engine troubles five ways: 1. They reduce

carbon. 2. Guard engine hot spots. 3. End bearing

corrosion. 4. Rustproof his engine. 5. Stop crankcase foaming. Keep your car young, too, with premium-quality "RPM."

"RPM"keeps cars young CHEVRON STOP AT THESE SIGNS CAS STATION FOR STANDARD OF CALIFORNIA PRODUCTS

SEPTEMBER 1947, 613 Hole in the Rock (Continued from page 612) lay as if dead. They stood him up

and held him, talking to him, telling him they were almost home. His

breath began to ease through his chest, and they shook him to consciousness.

"You and Lem ride to the river,

Hobbs,"Morrell said. "Take the

strongest of the mules."

"Why do that?"Hobbs questioned. "We've got to get there together."

"You're a good swimmer—you could bring help. We—

"You think there won't be anyone there to help us in,"Hobbs interrupted.

"We're thirteen days past due,"

Morrell insisted. "We'll be given

up for dead."

"Not as long as I have a friend left in camp!"Hobbs exclaimed.

"They'll be at the river to help us in. "Just the same—"Morrell looked

at George Sevy.

Hobbs saw that Sevy was too ill

YOUR CAR WITH NEW tobetterdo moreto ridethanaheadcrawl.andIt sendwouldhelpbe

back to him and Morrell.

"I guess it's the only way,"he said. "But those poor beasts are in

no shape for it; they leave a ring of

hair and blood with every step.

Thank heaven it's sandy from here.

Come on, Lem. Let's go."

Helps make cars run better—

pOR three miles they followed the longer. Favorite of intermountain river, north, toward the Hole in

motorists for more than 30 years. the Rock, struggling against torpor,

their heads sagging against their chests. Then, suddenly both sat

erect. "Food!"they cried, then

denied the thought, thinking they had gone mad. They were yet a

mile from, the river camp. They

UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY couldn't"By thehaveeternal,"smelledHobbsfood. yelled,

"that is meat!"He flung himself

from the mule. "Come on, Lem!

Get off and run!"

But Lem could not move. He sat

if grown to the trembling mule. Your cleaning as

Hobbs continued to run. He

forced his breath into an animalPAR-tner! echo.like call;He butkeptallhishepace,heardstumblingwas its

over the rough ground, closing the distance between him and the mad

The Quality Soap for odor of frying meat. A crazy

strength possessed him, forced him

PARticular Housewives on.

(Continued on page 616) 614 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Safeway's Farm Reporter keeps tab on how farmers make work easier, cut from a operating costs, improve crop quality. Safeway reon tne Za/vm, neighbor's farm

ports (not necessarily endorses) his findings because we Safeway people simple dip method by which know that exchanging good ideas helps every- A body, including us. After all, almost a fourth small egg producers

of our customers are farm folks. can seal freshlaid

quality in eggs has )een developed by the Agricultural Experiment Station at Oklahoma A. & M.

wxL OiamJoeA/ui cAob toCollege.use, andMethodit canisincreaseinexpensiveincomeand fromeasy

eggs sold on grade. Sealing solution is

RUBBER ELEVATOR WITH CROSS CLEATS CONVEYS

BERRIES AND PRUNED VINES TO BOX AT REAR made from prepared paste mixed with water. Protective film on eggs is so thin

NEWEST idea for eliminormal appearance of eggs is unchanged.

nating stoop labor in Eggs may be cased immediately after dipcranberry picking (vacuum ping without soiling fillers or flats.

devices are now widely used) is this selfpro- pelled, 150 -lb. stripping machine which /A

SICKLl CUTS Off also prunes the vines

ALUMINUM RUNNERS EXCESS cleans bog. up DeLIET and VINES'fROM BERRIES OUTfINGERS three the veloped by

practical brothers, of cranberry Stankavitch growers

is of cod''/utetP capable said to be the machine Bandon, Oregon, picking 60 bushel boxes per hour in good berries. Oper- s corn growers and

ator simply guides machine—like garden tractor. Berries Safeway buyers know stripped from vines are conveyed into box at rear. K...warmth can steal flavor

and sweetness from freshpicked corn. (Example: Corn loses

sugar four times as fast at 78 degrees

WEIGHT EQUALIZED ON as it does at 32 degrees!) So Safeway

3 SECTIONS OF HARROW buyers take care to protect the natAT THREE POINTS ural sweetness of tender, milky corn while it's enroute to Safeway stores. 'is> Our buyers specify corn harvested

in the cool of the morning, and then arrange for the ears to be quickcooled in ice water. Packed in ventilated

OF A single plank as the driver's platform on mediately in refrigerated cars, with USE crates or sacks, the corn is placed im- a 3-section, horsepulled harrow tends to concenextra snowice packed around the trate weight on middle section where driver stands. corn. Because Safeway customers enImproved platform arrangement shown here equalizes joy bettereating, sweeter corn they

weight on all 3 sections of harrow, Colorado A. & M. naturally eat corn often... growers

College points out. Platform is held at ends by rods benefit by a larger, steadier market.

fastened to harrow. Cleats on bottom prevent it from

working endwise. There's no trouble with binding.

Safeway buys direct, sells direct...to cut "inbetween"costs

Safeway buys regularly, offering producers a steady market; when

purchasing from farmers Safeway accepts no brokerage, directly or indirectly. Safeway pays going prices or better, never offers a price

lower than producer quotes Safeway sells at lower prices, made possible by direct, less costly distribution.,. so consumers can afford to increase their consumption

SAFE VV,AY—the neighborhood grocery stores

SEPTEMBER 1947 615

Hole in the Rock HOTEL LANKERSHIM i IROAIWAY )ERATE dquarters RATESin Los Anodes "Oh—Ah—"{Continued fromhe called.page 614) "Oh—7th

I. Operator WISHON ah—Ohah—"until he could shout BECKETT. Manager

it no more.... LOS ANGELES

At the fire, four lookouts jumped 'TWI PE1J0MS - ONE CMI6Eto their feet. "OhAh—"they answered. "Hello! Hello!"They followed the faint sound, not daring to

answer again for fear of losing it

WILL REMAIN OPEN altogether.

DURING FALL MONTHS They found Hobbs. They lifted

him to his feet, and dragged him to

Catering to the fire.

PRIVATE PARTIES "Where are the others?"they

gasped, staring in disbelief at M.I.A. and

Ward Hobbs'face, his skeleton frame.

Groups Hobbs could not answer. He fell

Missionary toward the food and began to deReunions vour it. "Cook more!"he cried, Family

Parties tearing at the meat with wolfish

Anniverteeth. "Get Redd—Sevy—Morrell saries, etc.—"he muttered between gulps of

And the General Public food. Cook more!"

The lookouts led Lem into the firelight. circle lifted of him They is best. That's The what deaf know

'with Beltones people hear more DINE and DANCE why off the the fire. mule him by and set

In an air of beauty and But it did not rouse him. They pouraid.than with any other oneunit hearing

refinement ed hot broth into his open mouth, WRITE FOR FREE BOOKLET

For Reservations speechless with horror and symBELTONE HEARING SERVICE signal!"Then, "The Building, National one 1106 First Bank Dial 9-1084 pathy.

Salt 1, Utah Lake City cried, recovering. upflung With

heads they cried in unison, "A-ho!

A-ho!"A thousand echoes bore

their voices to the cliff top. A fire

blazed up. Three shots rang out.

Then two.... Then one!

From the west cliff came an answering fire. Three shots—two one—And the people knew the

scouts were in....

( To be continued

GERANIUMS

By Georgia Moore Eberling KY mother's red geraniums *** Are lovely, cheerful flowers;

In ruffled apron and frilled cap

They sit and sun themselves, and tap

Against the windowpane at me The very minute that they see Me come from school. I think they smile

And nod at every passerby, And I am very sure that's why their scarlet, love dancing We frill Travel value means sill. the sunny Upon window

more than price. It means more

convenient schedules, more miles per dollar, more courtesy, and.. more comfort. Compare! wi A COMPLETEomit Ask your local Greyhound

ENGRAVING SERVICE agent for details and low,

From Missionary Portraits to the Largest roundtrip fares.

Catalogues.

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention OVERLAND

CO. ENGRAVING UTAH G R E YHLINES U St. 113 Regent Utah Salt Lake City,

Operated by INTERSTATE TRANSIT LINES and UNION PACIFIC STAGES, INCORPORATED 616 THE IMPROVEMENT. ERA

Made especially for western farm building-

1. For roofing and Siding Kaiser Aluminum 2. Feed and Water troughs can easily be made 3. Grain bins, like everything made of Kaiser

Roofing gives you lifetime service without right at home with Kaiser Aluminum RoofAluminum Roofing, are fireproof. Properly

maintenance or repair costs. It is not a substiing. Not a clad or veneered material, this applied, Kaiser Aluminum Roofing stands

tute for any other metal or material. Can be roofing is quality aluminum through and up for a lifetime—and then some—against

applied over wooden siding or framework. through... will not rot, rust, or corrode. wind, rain, sleet, or snow.

KaiserAluminum Roofing New Low Cost—Immediate Delivery

HINTS ON HANDLING

ALUMINUM When fastening aluminum roofing and siding to wood, use aluminum nails with neoprenecoated—nailswasherswith suitable(galvanized—zincwashers may

also be used).

If aluminum must come in contact with concrete, other metals—or

surfaces should or green be paint lumber—thewith bituminouswith masonry, insulated or some

other suitable material.

Aluminum should be stored in a dry place and the sheets stood on end.

For full information on the application of

Kaiser Aluminum Roofing, see your local 4. Fruit drying trays are naturals for Kaiser Alu- 5. Housing for irrigation pumps is strong and roofing dealer, or write:

minum Roofing. Just one sheet makes a durable, needn't be replaced for generations. Permanent Products Company

goodsized, strong tray. Easy to handle, too, Little wonder that aluminum is replacing Roofing Division Oakland 12, California

due to the lightness of aluminum. other materials for all types of construction!

Here is roofing that for longterm value simply cannot be beat Compare Kaiser Aluminum Roofing with other Roofing Materials It is quality aluminum roofing. Not get about any cost for repairs. Light

a substitute for any other structural in weight, yet very strong, it is easy material. Not a clad or veneered to handle, easy to apply.

material. Instead, it is engineered And its fine appearance, which

especially for farm construction. weathers to a rich grey, gives farm

Kaiser Aluminum Roofing requires buildings a beauty hard to match.

absolutely no maintenance. It need Yes, Kaiser Aluminum is your best Building made with Building made with

never be painted, and you can forroofing buy!

Kaiser Aluminum other Materials

Roofing Replacement necessary.

cost: original to

painting of every Build Now with light, strong, longlasting Lasts a lifetime. AddCost

No painting necessary. 2 or 3 years.

Cost of repairs due to Kaiser Aluminum Roofing No costs for repairs. corrosion and leaks.

A Permanente Metals Product

SEPTEMBER 1947 617 THE CENTENNIAL TREK (Continued from page 580) a bugler, and a fiddler. They had With us was Lorenzo H. Hatch of

temple site would permit. At three blacksmiths; we had three auto the Y.M.M.I.A. general superin-

p.m. all assembled for a special mechanics. They had William tendency; F. M. Michelsen, former

meeting in the Parish Hall adjoinClayton, author of "Come, Come, president of the Salt Lake Chamber ing the lot. Ye Saints"; we had Alfred M. Durof Commerce, and Dr. L. O. Halham, who wrote the song, "This Is gren, a former president of the

piNAL instructions to trekkers the Place."United States Dental Association.

were given at the meeting. This The original company arose at There were a bank president and a

group would follow as much as five a.m. That would be our rising bank cashier, and a college student

feasible the organization and routine hour. They had a nightlong guard; body president. There were farmof President Brigham Young's origso would we—two brethren at a ers, industrialists, lawyers, judges,

inal pioneer group of a century ago. time serving twohour shifts. and housewives. Utah, Colorado,

He had 143 men, three women, and Our organization was the same as California, Idaho, and Illinois were two boys in his group; so did we. theirs; a company president, two represented. All were descendants

The pioneers had a chorus; we had captains of hundreds, five captains of Mormon pioneers who had

one, led by George C. Lloyd of Salt of fifties, and fourteen captains of reached Salt Lake Valley before

Lake City. Luke Johnson was physitens, besides a captain of the guard. the coming of the railroad in 1869.

cian in President Young's group; Our procession would include All wore pioneer clothes. The obDr. John C. Stocks of Bountiful, seventytwo vehicles, the number in server could not distinguish a landwhose mother was born on the the first pioneer company. scape gardener from an insurance

plains, was ours. Rattlesnake oil All instructions, including listings company executive. All were piowas sometimes used to treat "black according to companies, had been neers—and brothers—on this trip.

leg"of the original trekkers; we had mimeographed under the capable diBefore adjourning, the trekkers

our medicines, a whole carload of rection of John W. Boud, our perbowed their heads, and Elder Kimthem voluntarily provided by John sonnel chairman, and were distribball prayed for the Lord's guidance

H. Wessman, Malad, Idaho, uted at the meeting. and protection on the journey.

pharmacist. ( Mosquito repellent At seventhirty p. m. a bugle

was to prove his most popular ar- r\URS was an unusual group. We sounded the beginning of the first

ticle. ) had four stake presidents and a public program of the trekkers.

Like the original pioneers, we had number of bishops and former ones. From the stand, erected for the ocBOOKS you'll read and Cherish!

BRIGHAM 25 MUSTS FOR YOUR BOOK SHELF

YOUNG CUP AND MAIL THIS COUPON

of the The Man BrighamHour.... Young, The Man $2.00 n MormonismE. andCecilMasonryMcGavin $2.25

Of The Leah D. Widtsoe Our Book of Mormon $2.50

Assorted Gems of Priceless Value.-52.50 Dr. Sidney B. Sperry

N. B. Lundwall Prelude to the Kingdom;. $3.50

Sketch of Mormonism $1.00 Gustive O. Larson D A Thumbnail

C. Josephson Marba $2.00 Prince of Ur

L. $1.50 And the Spoken Word and Gates D. Widtsoe D. Leah

L. Richard Evans Sunlight and $1.75 Shadows Widtsoe.$3.00 Colonizer the L. Brigham Albert Zobell, Young Jr. LEAH D Wl? Dr. R. Milton Hunter Is Theirs the $2.25 Kingdom

Discourses of Wilford Woodruft. $2.50 Wendell J. Ashton

Dr. G. Homer Durham Temple of Promise.$1.50

Eternal Family $2.25 Billeter Julius fascinating story and A timely Roy A. West

of life the It of achievements and $3.00 May Concern To Whom Plates Golden $2.00

O. this Ashton truly Marvin great leader and Florence Pierce

churchman. Golden Nuggets of Thought $1.00 Utah—The Story of Her People...$2.75

Ezra Marler Dr. Milton R. Hunter

His Mansions.. Many $2.25 Stories DUtah Indian S. Howells. $2.25 Rulon

Dr. Milton R. Hunter

Inspired $1.00 Prophetic Warnings

N. B. Lundwall Way to Perfection... $1.75

P Josephman Smith: Prophet and States- $2.25 Joseph Fielding Smith

Dr. G. Homer Durham

P Last Days Robert W. Smith $2.00 $ Check or Money Order Encl.

Man and the Dragon $2.00 IH Send C.O.D.

Dr. John A. Widtsoe Name Minute Sermons $1.00

Albert L. Zobell, Jr. Address

(Add 2% sales tax in Utah)

Centennial Trek

of Chambercasion Nauvoo by the As you know an interestcaught oneCommerce, ing picture. About two thousandspectators formed a huge crescent Ground Squirrels and Gophers

the Behind the platform.around destructive are the of the white topscrowd were definitely to control them? how But do you know

wagon covers, accentuated by the Our confidential tip is to use bright foliage of trees above them.

the of the whiteHigher still was CARBON BISULPHIDE lookCatholic of nunsheaddresses ing out from the secondstory winthrough a dows of Parish Hall.

talks, included program The GUN RODENT DEMON hole the plunger each One a dramatizahymns, andMormon theopening—filljob the with with feet—andat

all. the live tells portraying with players Circulartion 209P freesoil—tampstrokeillustratedof the isWhydone. by trek Our

"rise and fall"of Nauvoo, directed theseentire pestsranch.when a few hours will permit you to treat the

by a trekker, Francis L. Urry of WHEELER, REYNOLDS & STAUFFER

radio station KSL, assisted by DonDivision of Stauffer Chemical Company ald B. Alder of Salt Lake City, who SAN FRANCISCO 8

played the role of Brigham Young in all trek dramatizations.

Highlight of the program, however, was the talk of a tall, wellgroomed gentleman, Senator T.

Mac Downing of the Illinois legislature. There was hushed attention

when he spoke his words:

... In the year of 1947, as a member

of the Illinois legislature, one cannot help contrasts impressed with but deeply be of Distributors—WASATCH CHEMICAL CO., Salt Lake City and Branches ago. At that hundred years today and one

time, Governor Ford of Illinois was reporting to the Illinois legislature of the progress of a war in Nauvoo. In those one

hundred years, civilization in Illinois has incitement and Then, a long way. by come

this of depaint it section Inflammation, the people clared open war against a people who had the will and determination to worship God as they chose. Now, we are happy as part

of the same great state, to welcome the sons and daughters of those brave people back to the land of their forebears.... Speakfor of Illinois ing, then, the Governor [at- W.TH in Salt the Governors'Conference tending PABCO

Lake City at the time] and the lawmak- ing bodies of this state, we rejoice that in PORCH AND the lapse of one hundred years, no war exists in Nauvoo. The inflammatory tongues STEP PAINT

of criticism and incitement are still. We

stand hand in hand as tolerant people, each PREPARED OF SPECIAL happiness, being, joining in the well INGREDIENTS and QUALITY

... other. of the accomplishments

charm to all outside porches and steps of wood, stone to lend lasting

At this program, as at other ones and concrete, decks of steel, canvas or wood.

on the journey, mementos were preof the Sons sented Utah Pioby! Dries quickofficials. city state to neers and A WATERPROOF AND DURABLE

pair of beaded buckskin gloves, ly to a glossy—but not slippery—finish. Withmade by the Ute Indians, was given stands weather, repeated cleansings, foot wear.

Senator Downing.

f)N Tuesday morning, the bugle NEW, SMART COLORS to harmonize with sounded, prayer was offered, the colors of your house.

and breakfast served by the comdirected department, missary by

Nelson and Joseph William E. S. Bo/listedfromin yourthe PabcoPhone Dealer,Book THESANPARAFFINEFRANCISCOCOMPANIES19, CALIFORNIA INC.

Bennion. Classified Section.

(Concluded on page 620) SEPTEMBER 1947

Centennial Trek

{Concluded from page 619) Among the newsmen on the grounds that morning was the nimGRMDMOREF&D ble, darkcomplexioned city editor of the Quincy HeraldWhig, a daily covering that area of Illinois. He

had introduced himself to us before.

His name was Dave Tuffli, and we were impressed with his acumen as an editorreporter. On this morning

he had a large bundle of papers.

"Here, distribute them among the trekkers,"Mr. Tuffli said. "They

are yours through the courtesy of the HeraidWhig."The paper,

dated July 14, 1947, contained seven trek pictures, four of them on the front page, accompanied by Mr.

Tuffli's excellent article, two columns long. There was also an editorial which reflected the reverent

spirit of the trek:

... The caravan is a tribute to the hardy

pioneers who overcame all misfortunes, in their search for freedom, to build cities in the desert. It is also a hardy reminder of

the spirit that built America and made it great. The Saints ventured into the West

in much the same manner and for the same reason that the Puritans came to New England.... This week, the pioneers are again

on the march as a reminder that the spirit of America still lives in the hearts of strong men and women who have the will and the energy to carry a great nation to even greater heights.

Deere John Roughage Mill Trekkers were grateful for this Feed Grinder and kindness from a newspaper more than a hundred years old—one

which had recorded the moods and heartbeats of this same region since -J John Deere FEED MILL before 1839, when Quincy was a refuge for the Saints fleeing the fury

Mr. Feeder or Dairyman, no feed collector are outstanding of Missouri. 2 matter what your feedmaking features.

be, requirements there's a may straight grinding ear of For signalled bugle trek the *T to rHE costreducing Deere John Feed shelled corn, corn, grains, small begin. size truck Mill in the sound had The type and you crops, cured roughage there and

it's want. straight Whether a rolled into been of the the center are three lowcost Deere John

or mill a hammer combination 6-, Mills 14in circle. 10-, and Hammer car provided had been Each mill feed grinder, roughage and sizes. inch Their surprising castickers, with cars number and were you'll able be to turn out more pacity, low power requirements, feed per less with hour to travel according number. uniformly powerand good work are the to save every on money feedmak- pride radio Byron announcOpenshaw, of every owner.

ing job.

See your John Deere dealer for er among the trekkers, called, allaround For feed making, complete information full on the one,"our number, over "Number can't beat the you Deere John line of Deere John Mills. Feed the into sound system. jumped 114-A or No. We the No. 110-A for Write today free folders.

fourin-one mills that street,—theRoughage Mill and Feed Grinder the car. The caravan began to roll main Nauvoo's down—up chopper, ensilage cutter, work as

the hill the Prophet and past Jocombination chopper and grinder, or straight grinder. Bigseph's frame Mansion House and capacity, governor - controlled John Deere along the treelined Mississippi.

table traveling feed... lawn back. glanced Tears were We mowertype cutterheadthat

eyes. cuts M0L1NE, J** J ILLINOIS not from some far away fast... heavyduty and clean

grinding unit... and dusttight ( To be concluded

2The paper today is the outgrowth of the Quincy

Herald, founded in 1835, and Whig, established in 1838. 620 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. 0/itfsr/ty&../vttwSfyte,/

If you believe the only difference in gasolines

is in the name... pull up at the next red

tfi pump... fill up with Conoco N-tane!

Take off with a tankful of power...

SORE&RE&WJS...

'quick, quick, /&(0tfHd1)6

and the extra MILSAND-MiLSAND-MlLS

you've just got to brag about! All in the newday gasoline we've made for you... for NOW! Copyright 1947, Continental Oil Company

SEPTEMBER 1947 and thereby hangs a tale!

Hang this thrilling new Centennial picture, "The Pioneers,"by James M. Sessions, in your home, office, chapel, classroom.

Relief Society Center or Boy Scout den... and thereby

will hang a tale... the stirring story of Utah's dauntless

pioneers.

This Centennial painting, by one of America's leading contemporary water colorists, will help to preserve for future years the most important thing -we can hope to recapture through Utah's yearlong Centennial celebration... the vision to plan a better life; the courage to carry oa

under heartbreaking disappointments; the patience of brave

men and braver women; the faith of believing children;

the stamina of plodding oxen.

The original of this great painting is valued at $1,000. Full

sized reproductions, by an exclusive process, on water color paper for authenticity of such amazing exactness that even

Only $18.50 inareexpertsnowhaveavailabledifficultyto L.D.S.distinguishingmembersthemand fromfriendsthe oforiginalUtah free delivcluding

ery to any point everywhere.

in U. S Margot Manners, ZCMI, Salt Lake City, Utah Beautifully mounted on artist's mat board and framed in moulding with matching marooa hard wood enameled me Please send 26".) glass facing. with trim, (size 30"by Painting. Framed Pioneers"Centennial; Unframed"TheQ. Unframed, in safeivory

ty mailing tube, including prepaid insured express charges anywhere in U. S. $7.50.

SALT LAKE CITY

PROTESTORS OF CHRISTENDOM

By James L, Barker "A theme of deepest interest for all Latterday Saints."

An illuminating study of Christianity after the ministry of the Savior and the ancient apostles.

"The early Christian Fathers, the early councils, the deep confusion of the dark and middle ages, and the reaching out for light by John Huss, Martin

Luther, Ulrich Zwingli, John Calvin, John Knox and others, form a moving historical panorama of human waywardness and human hopes. Out of the

picture rises the certainty that a restoration of Gospel truth was necessary."

$200 *—k.—John A. Widtsoe

A SKEPTIC DISCOVERS M0RM0NISM By Timberline Riggs

The lucid, forthright story of a critical seeker for truth.

Through four editions this book has won an ever widening sphere of acceptance and popularity. A desire to share it with others is a typical

reaction of scores who read it. $ 1 50

DESERET BOOK COMPANY "THE BOOK CENTER OF THE INTERMOUNTAIN WEST"44 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City 10, Utah

Please send me copies of PROTESTORS OF CHRISTENDOM and copies of A SKEPTIC DISCOVERS MORMONISM.

Name Address. Amount herewith $

622 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA loetri

PIONEER SILHOUETTE By Ruth J. Devereaux Vfvec/St

embraced shades stood, as evening She of the day, fragments last sweet The

Among the sunbleached, rolling hills the sagebrush, gray Amid had stirred. >VrTTTrO'a human train With dust

She stood where man had ne'er yet TABLE QUEEN

Sought to build his home, where God

Had stayed the hand of life To bring forth its abundant yield from sod Unquenched by sparkling mountain streams. WSM

She stood where just before her all living things forbade Death to breathe. Enriched with lay eyes; in her hope Tomorrow's

Tomorrow's dreams unfold to wreathe A silhouette of courage against a cloudless VITAMINS and IRON sky.

INDIAN SUMMER By Solveig Paulson Russell Fresh At All Food Stores

Tndian Summer—dear to me!

* Where could greater beauty be?

Where could sunshine be more mellow?

Where more wealth of red and yellow?

Indian Summer—crisp leaves fall,

Grapes hang purple on the wall,

The garden dreams, peaceful and old, with gold. Adorned jewels of pumpkin

r IT'S EASY TO MAKE sunfiltered, call woods, hear the The

Of busy squirrels where brown nuts fall. On faroff hills, plumcolored haze Centennial Souvenirs

Drapes cool shade for Autumn days.

His* TribuneTelegram the Salt Lake Use Indian trees; Summer—flaming—>.Vw

wealth, indeed, are these. Days of patterns. toxical deThirty-two Centennial

CREATIVE ARTIST signs especially created for needlework

By Helen Mating and artcraft. Only 20c each or three for

50c at Home Service Bureau, TribuneTLTe contemplates the rusted pioneer * * plow Telegram Building. Order yours today

Its brown blade slanted by the shading tree,

Its oakwood worn and beautiful to see, by mail. Enclose cash or stamps.

The handles holding strength of sturdy bough.

The sun shines misty by the hill's worn brow While he sits thinking of Eternity

And seeing pictures of the forms to be,

With message that his talents must endow.

The reminiscent plow is filled with time

Like visions that he holds in quiet thought

The concept, and the beauty of life has bought darker With years and doubts. The sun- '4 <SJD$S:., \ climb rays

Into the tree, and higher than the gray,

And he starts painting what his heart would say. X Jltp

MAKING JEWELS By Genevieve J. Van Wagenen

'X'he lowly oyster has a trait like to cultivate. should * That I

For Your Firesides. to enters destroy, Whatever

it seals can't annoy. so up He LET'S TALK IT OVER

all is his life, through so it And

With pearl he covers hurt and strife. THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

He has a simple, easy rule: 12 Issues $2.00

Of trouble, he creates a jewel.

SEPTEMBER 1947 623.

(I CAREER IN BERUTV

IT PAYS TO

LEARN THE BOOKRACK QUISH BRIGHAM YOUNG

THE MAN OF THE HOUR ThoroughWAYinstruc- (Leah D. Widtsoe. Bookcraft, Salt tion,ods, modernactual beautymethLake City. 179 pages. $2.00.) shop practice.

'T'he stature of Brigham Young grows EnrollFreeanyCatalogtime.

greater with time's perspective.

Even trie appraisal of his own people SCHOOL OF is continually subject to revision in his BERUTV338 SOUTHCULTUREMAIN favor. And the appraisal of "outside"

historians, scholars, and statesmen is moving him ever upward in the long list of the great men of all time. Those

who read this biography of Brigham

Young will find an economy of detail without scrimping comprehensive cov- r 1 erage. of the hour,""The man which.Tor a Lifetime There's nothing better for quick a literally is he live was, to again made

for the famtJy meal or when as a of understanding man acof and Daily of Reading in for or lunch drops company tion, through the capable appraisand it dinner. serve And you can Easy -To - Read CRYSTAL CLEAR so ing of pen D. BrigLeah Widtsoe. As

little easily cost at so and by Young's ham gives granddaughter she opening a can of to this work an authenticity of intimate No. 452. Leather,

edges... $10.00 JtyttdcK knowledgeof documentedwith data,a supportingwell chosen,structurewell QUALITY limp, gold

with Concordand with scholarly care the great ance. $12.50 There are other to many ways

life, breadth in of a broad which matKING JAMES this serve delicious "half a ters of church, country, colonization, in VERSION chicken its rich, with can 7'a and common sense are combined. For N8P flavorful gravy——with dumplings,

reader any anywhere a wants who in chicken pie, or as chicken "full"account excess verbifree from a-laking. National bibles age the Young, Brigham the of Man SINCE 1863.:. "AT YOUR Hour will be a useful, authentic and BOOKSTORE

satisfying volume.—/?. L. E.

THE GOSPEL PLAN kflcooked* Can iancooked ricenee I1%A teaspoonVj\tepoo PfPbeoteaW 1 (Milton Jenkins Jones. The Deseret

News Press. 1947. 88 pages. $1.25.)

TJTere are outlined the main subjects of the plan of salvation. The $1.25

norsleyPCo<* W*e?,, r: IUWce in *inC V/*, Acewater.in6Au wordsto tell theof thestory;scripturesbut theareauthor'sused mostlycomments will help the reader to understand better the meaning and conditions

of the tremendous story of man's eternal journey. The book will be read

profitably whether or not one is proficient in gospel lore.—/. A. W.

THEY HAVE FOUND A FAITH (Marcus Bach. The BobbsMerrill

1946. Company. pages. 300.. $3.00.) nur> now

in '"The professor the School of Re- A pocketsize book conligion, University of Iowa, has an taining the Gospel Plan in intimate study of the littleknown relioutline form.

gious groups of America. In this he This book is ideal for missionaries

tells in a most readable manner, what andwho teachers,have alwaysas wellwantedas fortothosebehe found as he visited Jehovah's Witstep-bystepcome familiarprocesswith oftheGod'sorderly,plan nesses, Spiritualism, The Kingdom of for His children.

Father Divine, Unity, The Fourstand.It is easy to follow and undersquare Gospel, Oxford Group, The storeOrderor directfrom fromyourpublisher.favorite book

Bahai Faith, and Psychiana. Certainly, after these reading vagaries of beChurch %tt\Att to. lief, that one is convinced seek all men

P. D. BOX 2245 an acceptable philosophy of life and

Salt City 1, Lake Utah Cynden Canning Kitchens that few find it. the of The restoration

gospel was indeed necessary. J.A.W.

624 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Pioneers

(Continued from page 573) where snowborn streams scantily slaked the desert's thirst. It was

the Promised Land for a modern Israel, but it lay before them as a western, barren wilderness of Sinai.

Brother Brigham gazed a moment on this previsioned landscape, then spoke: "It is enough. This is the e 9

right place. Drive on."

F\own in the valley they turned out the water upon the dry land; \,

they planted; they reaped; they

worked; they played; they sang; 4*. *"Jk; 7—

they worshipped; sometimes they

mourned; but happiness and contentment came and lived with them.

Their faith and works wrought miracles. Because the nutritional requireThe Pioneers came with a great ments of babies vary widely,

and simple Christian faith in God, there can be no one formula that his justice, mercy, and love. Bearded, is best for all babies. This is why

bronzed, stalwart, they were we do not publish formulas.

your Only doctor is qualified trial, by toil, and As you open the door of your steeltempered to tell you to prepare your how thrift, frugalihardship. Industry,

room at the Hotel Utah, after a busy ty, honesty, walked always by their arrivesbaby's formula.he will giveSoonyou afterfull direcbaby

or festive evening, there's real satsides. Law and order, obedience to tions and then regularly adjust

isfaction in seeing that your bed proper authority and right dealing, the formula to baby's changing guided their steps. Independence, needs.

has been turned down, a soft night selfreliance, selfrespect, neighborWhen he prescribes Special liness, fellows. Fearlesswere their Morning Milk he that knows lamp cheerfully glowing. extra care is to ness, given fortitude, courage, the produchigh retion of this evaporated that milk went before them. They This is our way of saying to you solve, is produced especially for babies. it. lived with and work honored

"a good night to you, and pleasant Thousands and tens of thousands He knows, too, that Special

Morning fortified Milk with all beliefs, of followed, forurged of It is but one many dreams."extra vitamins to and help Ais D sustained ward and Pioneer by promote proper bone tooth and try to proextra services which we virtues. Nature the was subdued; development.

vide for your complete enjoyment wilderness was overcome; the desert You can be glad that your baby

blossomed; the hills yielded their is a Special Morning Milk baby!

of your stay at the Hotel Utah. treasures; the mountain streams

Yes, today as always—gave drink to the thirsty, burning

soil; a mighty empire rose from the

land like a blessed exhalation.

You're Welcome Log cabins grew into adobe

At the houses and these into buildings of brick and stone. A mighty temple,

Utah! dedicated to the work of the Lord,

&& rose in their midst, carved from the granite of canyon walls, the first of eight that this people were to build to the salvation of their dead. Meetinghouses everywhere welcomed the

worshiper. Stores, banks, factories,

mines, mills, smelters, came into beMORNING ing. Flocks and herds peopled the Hotel

ranges. Schools and colleges came

early multiplied. and of The hive MILK Utali industry became of a the symbol

great commonwealth. Faith and

GUY TflOMBES, Managing Director,: strength and righteousness bore

( Concluded on page 626.SEPTEMBER 1947 625

THE PIONEERS

{Concluded from page 625) ably to assemble, to discuss their en of iron will, of surpassing spirtheir fruit o comfort and safety grievances, to speak fully their ituality, of a trusting, living, simple and the joy of living. minds, to print without let or hindfaith. They have done their

All through the years the people rance what they thought and said; work; they have earned their rehave been blessed, even in their blessed to live under a reign of law ward, which God is bestowing upon

most dire need, blessed, they feel, and order; blessed to worship God them. None can rob them of the

beyond all other peoples on earth according to the dictates of their fruits of their labors. They are

blessed in their right to get and consciences under the law of the secure.

safely to keep the fruits of their own land.

labors; blessed in their right peaceSo we honor these men and wornAnd now the natural, obvious

question: What of us? Can we keep and

preserve what they wrought? Shall

we pass on to our children the heritage they left us, or shall we lightly fritter it away? Have we their

faith, their bravery, their courage;

could we endure their hardships and suffering, make their sacrifices, bear up under their trials, their sorrows, their tragedies, believe the simple things they knew were true, have the simple faith that worked miracles for them, follow, and not falter or fall by the wayside, where our leaders advance, face the slander and the scorn of an unpopular belief? Can we do the thousands of

little and big things that made them the heroic builders of a great Church, a great commonwealth?

When we see what God hath wrought through them; when we

count our blessings; when we see

our children in peace and plenty and happiness; when we ponder upon

our rights, our liberties, our free institutions; when we perceive the

threats against all this rising on all sides, when we see the wolves, lean and hungry, standing at the gate of the sheepfold, ready, eager to enter and destroy all that our civilization has built over the years, all dear—inthat we cherishhome, mostin family,and holdin wormost

shiping Almighty God, shall we not here and now reverently vow to him that sees and knows all, that, he willing, we will tread the narrow path of patriotism and righteousness our fathers trod, we will fully keep and follow their simple faith, unpolluted, we will guard and preserve our freedom and its protecting institutions, we will transmit to our children and our children's children, the full priceless heritage that came

GLADE CANDY COMPANY SALT IAKE CITY. UTAH

to us; shall we not solemnly declare

that to this end we dedicate our all,

TUNE KSL WEDNESDAYS, 10:00 P.M. FOR INTERLUDE FOR STRINGS even to life itself? God grant thismay be so!

626 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

JUST ARRIVED Dedicatory Prayer

COMPLETE LIFE AND ( Concluded from page 57 1 have ever been lived upon have who JOSEPHUS OFWORKS thee the earth. we thank now And complete in all debook, This is a big, BIG

tails. Invaluable

tures. An excellentfor giftthe andstudenta bigof value.the scripfor this additional blessing, the comlast postpaid. they $4.00 While pletion of this monument that will

all Also in stock nearly L. D. S. books Including stand here during the ages to be

SKEPTIC DISCOVERS A MORMONISM tribute the as a recognized from,*This man.- TEN and THE COMMANDMENTS an is—*expert of those descendants came who TO ORDERS SEND

nsuran ce to fr bulnot come, easy it was when who and Persona] TIMBERLINE RIGGS TL VI to all their that meet might gave worship "we NEVADA OVERTON, tio- - so? dictates the of to according God

our conscience. This monument

stands to the memory of those who this territory adjacent opened and

Arrange Your in the settlement territory to of thy trance -n.I1,rouSrh r us, Bless daughters. sons Faand 1 *** aZu*Your this realize ther, that wonmay we

derful gift and that we may show KOLOB HAS A by our lives our appreciation to POLICY FOR EVERY those from whom we have deTYPE OF RISK scended. INSURANCEA GENERALAGENCY

And now we thank thee for the Frank Salisbury, Mgrr.

knowledge that thou art our Father. When the time comes for

us to part company here in mortality, and when we shall go to the other side and dwell in immortality, grant, O Father, that each of us C O R P O R A TIO N and those we love and influence may 330 JUDGE BUILDING Phone 4-8451 be found there in due time with their names enrolled upon the Lamb's

TEA GARDEN also makes PRESERVES Book of Life with the right to dwell

JELLY MARMALADE * GRAPE JUICE in thy celestial kingdom.

Again we pray, help us to love one another and to be worthy of our nation, the Constitution, and the You...

men who gave their all in order that (as a reader of Improvewe might enjoy these blessings. ment Era) make up the

of our guests, share this dedicate that largest property We defor always have we has set apart been Governor, by the facilities signed our and and this monument. We dedicate services to meet the needs

all that pertains to it to thee, our and convenience of L.D.S.

Heavenly Father, that it may be an people. When you come

inspiration to all who look upon it, to Salt Lake we hope you to honor thee and keep thy comwill always consider the mandments. We pray that thou will Temple Square Hotel as

preserve it in every way and that your home In Salt Lake.

joy may be the result of its erection.

And all those who have participated in it, Heavenly Father, bless them.

Bless those who have given of their Hotel Temple means, even the children who have Square contributed of their pennies and Clarence L. West, Mgr.

small amounts, that they may feel that they have an investment here that is accepted by thee, and that is pleasing in thy sight.

We do this humbly and thank thee again for all thy mercies, and pray that thou wilt accept of our offering, in the name of Jesus

Christ, our Lord. Amen.

SEPTEMBER 1947 627 r U:

URPHGIfln

Albert Smith George A Favorite song of President OF written by his friend, William ADDRESSES sixtyone ago. Willes, years ICEMEN'S HOMESL.D.S. SERV1104 24th St., Cor. 24th & "C,"San

California Diego, BEUTIPUIj OITY? St., California Alice 1836 Oakland, H7IYE Y0U J3EEN W St., California Marysville, 615 "F"

1594 So. Beretania St., Honolulu,

T.H.

ffl?ords aqd Tusic by Pm. prates.

dta I > Have you seen our beau - ti - ful cit - y, >In its calm and sweet re - pose?

zm'zpi i& r=fc -in—6EESE:B—U—frg—it—titi=ta=ztz: i—F 1

=*p --1—h 4—p—f—?!—S—Sz::

rounded by mountains mighty, adorned with e - ter - nal snows; Where clear and sparkling streamlets rush

= =t rprpzp: -EEE-==*M*=*=*=1

ENVIABLE RECORD AN down the rock - y steep, And find their man - y out - lets in Salt Lake's brin - y deep.

pictured people The four young schools in the North high four different from—* ated

Saint Latterday only the District. Each was Texas tztsrztizzz"=*2S t=SE

all with honclass, graduated graduating in his s lS above were graduand ors. old, graduated years was seventeen James, Peggy beautiful city, seen our you Have city, cheerful seen our you Have editor she where School was High the Monahans from lights Sol AVhen scene; the up trees shade line the way; Where is presipaper. mother in of the Her school chief

is all bright pretty and Where little, gushing streamlets And Society. Relief Branch the of dent Monahans

living in clothed green? And play? do Unceasingly age, graduated of years sixteen was at Betty Rowe,

peaceful and homes gardens Where bright Sweetwater, at cheering and school prospects Where high the from with honors

Loom up on every hand, On all sides meet our gaze, Texas. Her father, Matthew P. Rowe is the district

And Zion's winsome maidens'And where unceasing incense president of the North Texas Distritt, and her

Bright presence cheers our land. Ascends in prayer and praise. mother Wayneis theWhite,districtseventeenRelief Societyyears ofpresident.age, son of

Have you seen our dearloved city. Have you seen our garden city, wasPresidentgraduatedLloydfromD. WhiteFort Stocktonof the MonahansHigh SchoolBranch,where

Where peace and plenty grow: Where children thrive and throng? he was student body president and voted most popuWhere interest and duty 'Neath education's banner lar allaround boy of the year. His mother is a

In -one broad channel flow? Is heard the joyful song. counselor in the Monahans Branch Relief Society.

Where all the Christian virtues Here age is venerated, Carl Pratt was graduated from Pecos High School of valedictorian birthday. was his seventeenth He hearts shine, Around our do reward; on Here labor meets

scholarof three class winner his graduating and Zion's son's daughters And and protected, innocence And

Institute at Houston, will Rice the ships. attend He all union In combine. All wickedness ignored

planning three fail, are this other the Texas, and to attend Young Brigham University.—ReportedMission. Smith, president, Texas G. by Glenn

HUMOR travel to first, the urge "because the said "I here,"out came Breaker Arm the life and me, got of dullness blood. in town The was my was The talkative city man I me. wanted sickened the highways gasoline burnt of on trying to start a conversation smell

native. tightlipped a with

"I say, haven't you broken your arm there?"thatto seehavethe sunneverrisebeenoverscarednew horizons,by man. hearI wantedthe flutterto leaveof birdsmy

"Yes.""Did you have an accident?"footstepsalong. In onshort,sandI wantedthat hadto seebeennatureunmarkedin the raw.beforeWhatI camedid

"No."did then, "Well, on earth how you break it?"you"Mycomedaughterout herewasfor?"taking tuba lessons!"myself back."to pat "Trying on the

yourself "Patting on the back? What on earth would you Good Question

for?"trying to do that be

"For minding my own business.""I'm sorry, lady,"said the doorkeeper at the movie theater,

"but you cannot bring that dog in here."

Young Man With A Future "Why, I never heard of such a thing,"the woman protested.

"I understand that son of yours is learning a trade. Do you "What harm can the picture do to a little dog like this?"

think he'll work at it?"

"Not that boy—he's probably learning it so he can tell people Tact

what kind of work he's out of."He was in the act of proposing

I'll at your feet."lay my fortunte

coldly. fortune,"she said, Purpose in All Things "And,"It isn'tmya verydear, big

Two explorers met in the heart of the deep jungle and were "I know, sweetheart, but it will look awfully big beside your discussing their life's work: little feet."

628 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA f P m.

Sumner's abundance of fruit - - and a

normal supOlrof unrationed household

sugar - - puts next winter's food supply

winter if you do your part now..,

Your favorite prewar jams, jellies, and

good oldfashioned sugarrich desserts

will add zest to the diet and energy to

afctive bodies.

"U and /"Sugar is perfect for every canning, freezing, cooking, or table use. tJANPj

Stte "H UTAHIDAHO SUGAR CO.Years of Great Plenty"

How often has Pharaoh's dream of wellfilled

ears of grain - - and ears that were thin and empty --been fulfilled! And how often do we

think that the "plenteous years"will last

forever.. until suddenly the lean years come.

For the welfare of your family, carry life

insurance - - enough to assure them the necessities and advantages you hope always to

provide for them.

m-*%$- <