-.-,/ This is where you will study science

High School Seniors!

Make this beautiful campus your very own. Plan NOW

to attend One of your classroom buildings

Brigham Young University As graduation time approaches, the high school student faces a vital decision—the choice of a college

which will determine his career, friends, outlook, and economic status for the rest of his life. Get the BONUS

education of a GREAT Church university with all of the advantages of the big university yet all the friendliness of a small college. Plan NOW to enroll

at BYU and get your education the Y's way.

REMEMBER THESE DATES: This is your fabulous library

Leadership Week June 1114 Summer School Starts June 18 Applications Due Sept. 1

Freshman Orientation Sept. 1821

1st Semester Registration Sept. 2225

And then, there's all outdoors

CLIP AND MAIL

TO: Public Relations Department Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah

Please send me more information about BYU. I am especially interested

NAME

ADDRESS

CITY STATE.

''"; *- ';&;p

BY DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

Now ovenfresh Supreme Saltines areHeat Loss Areas crisper than ever, thinner than ever... so By means of infrared photographs

taken of men exposed to freezing thin that every one pound package contemperatures and clad only in shorts, tains sixteen more saltine crackers than

US Air Force scientists have found ever before. Buy a package, next time you

that the rate of heat loss from the shop, and... for goodness sake, whatever

body is higher at the armpits, spinal you serve saltine it with Supreme Saltine column, and areas around the knees and elbows. Crackers.

More Rubber

During the past twenty years the rubber tree has been made to increase its yield fivefold by painting hormones and antibiotics on the tree trunk to improve latex flow and by using new methods of tapping the latex vessels in the bark. It is

hoped to be able to double the output again. In the world as a whole,

twice as much natural rubber is used And treat the family to delicious

Professoras rubber. synthetic James

... ovenfresh, of Supreme Fig Bars Institute California ofBonner,

Technology where much of the regolden-brown cookies with a gensearch on rubber has been done, erous filling of wholesome figs.

and others, have found that all the carbon atoms of rubber are derived Enjoy them often!

from acetate. Similarly derived are

the other nonrubber isoprenoids including the essential oils and steroids (hormones in people) which startfrom the fivecarbon atom isoprene, SUPREME which can be produced by heating rubber. SUPREME BAKERS

Denver and Salt Lake City

MAY 1962 297 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for May 1962 Volume 65, Number 5

Church Features

The Editor's Page: On This Mother's Day, President David O. McKay 308

Your Question: What Is the Sin against the Holy Ghost?

President Joseph Fielding Smith... 310

The Church Moves On, 306; Melchizedek Priesthood, 364; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 366.

ART AND PHOTO CREDITS:

Photographs Special Features 314 A. T. Murphy

315 top, Library of Congress Groundbreaking for Oakland Temple Set, Albert L. Zobell, Jr 302 316 bottom,far left, K.PortW.of CoventryNY Authority

other three, K. W. Coventry

Mary, Mother of Jesus, Linnie Fisher Robinson 312 317322 RichardRalph ClarkPhotoAverill Smithtaken at West

Thunder along the Hudson!, Kelvin Wallace Coventry 314 330333HighDeseretSchoolNews-SaltSLC SeminaryLake

The Personal Factors in Religious Education, Sterling Provost 322 Telegram

The Prophet Said "Silk,"Maurice W. Cornell 324 Art312 Carl Bloch

The Church's Program for the Sightless, Richard O. Cowan 327 318321 JeanVirginiaLindorffSargent

1962 Church Basketball, Monitor Noyes...330 334335 EdwardMel OwenMaryon,

366 Rulon HalesThe Joys of Being a Mother, LaRue M. Sudbury 334 364 Ted Nagata

Phyllis 373 Luch THE ERA OF YOUTH. between pages 336337 Era of Youth Art

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans.MS, 339, 342, 346, 348 VirginiaAll other Sargentart, Ralph Reynolds Studio

June Conference "Dramatic 62"...352

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 297; These Times: What's Going On in the

Humanities? G. Homer Durham, 300; Letters and Reports, 304.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Mother Savers 368 Backyard Fun for Boys and Girls, Eileen M. Hasse.372

What Is a Latterday Saint? Joanne Franklin 376

Stories, Poetry Woman of the Year, Helen Reagan Smith 318

Poetry 321, 336, 337, 340, 350, 356, 357, 360, 361, 370

THE COVER

The Improvement Era Offices, 135 South State Street, Salt Lake City, 11, Utah LombardyStraight, slender,poplars needlelikestand like sentinels in the sunset. quiet These

Evan-s, Editors; Richard L. O. David and C. L. Green, Associate Managing Josephson, Doyle McKay Editor; Marba Managing Albert L. Zobell, trees associated were with the Editor; Patricia E. Research Blake, Stephan, Editorial Middleton, H. Grant, Carter Judith Associates; ReedEditor; Pinnock, Florence Today's FamilyJr., landscapes of pioneer Utah Editor; Editor; Era D. Youth Hanks, The Marion Direction: Editor; Era Youth Associate Elaine Art Cannon, of of The Studio. Ralph ReynoldsB.

the lands farm when were being S. Jackson, Franklin Sperry, Junius Harris, B. G. M. Sidney Durham, Contributing Homer Editors. Jr., Nibley, Hugh

the from sagebrush. won Our S. T. General Bentley, Joseph Associate Manager; Florence Jacobsen, Manager; Business Verl F. General Scott, Snarr, Manager; A. Business Acting Glen

* Director; scene Subscription and Manager captured Evans, Director. Thayer Advertising was the by camera

of Photographer Lucien Bown.

Inc., Funds, Copyright 1962 by Mutual published and of Associations the by the Saints. All rights Mutual Improvement Christ of Latterday Church of Jesus

price reserved. Subscription year, $3.00 a foreign in advance; subscriptions, issues. single for special copy, except $3.50 a year, in advance; 35e

cifEnteredOctoberat the1917,PostauthorizedOffice, SaltJuly Lake2, 1918.City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. Act

The Improvement Era a word and must be accompaniedis not responsibleby sufficientfor unsolicitedpostage formanuscriptsdelivery andbutreturn.welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of 2c

Thirty days'notice cannot changes be madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof address.as well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address byCoverDeseretlithographedNews Press.in full color

298 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA President Clark's addresses on freedom, the American way of life, and the Constitution of J. Reuben Clark, Jr. the United States are truly

masterpieces. Here, in one volStand Fast cludingume, are"OurmanyDwindlingof themSover-—ineignty,""Let Us Have peace,"

"America—'A Land Choice By Our

Above All Other Lands'"and I Am an American."Constitution "Why

2.9 5

2. MORMONISM

President Hugh B. Brown

President Hugh B. Brown's powerful speech to the Pittsburgh Theological Seminary in which he outlines

the organization of the LDS Church, describes the auxiliaries and various programs, and gives vivid insight into

LDS beliefs and practices. Enlightening reading 504 copy

5. SO YOU WANT TO

3. LIFE'S DIRECTIONS WANOfTQ'-jSSsT RAISE A BOY?

Thirteen outstanding addresses W. Cleon Skousen

on ideals and teachings of the A BOY? *r W. Cleon Skousen's newest book

LDS Church delivered to Fireside for parents who want to raise wellGroups by the First Presidency adjusted, nondelinquent boys. It

and General Authorities in 1960describes physical and emotional 61. Inspiring reading for adults development from birth to age

as well as youth $2.95 twentyone, outlines behaviour

patterns and problems parents may encounter $4.50

Deseret 44 East South Temple - Salt Lake City, Utah

2472 Washington Blvd. - Ogden

City Zone State Residents of Utah include 3% sales tax.

. )

THESE TIMES

What's Going On in by MmClabber Girl A the Humanities?

is Here Clabber Girl's contribuBY DR. G. HOMER DURHAM tion to Holidays, Happy STATE espePRESIDENT, ARIZONA UNIVERSITY, TEMPE

cially designed for the small fry... a Christmas stocking special.

American scholars certainly do not helped found in 1743, is the oldest

Yield: 3 dozen cookies

sifted 1 Y2 cups 1 ]/2 teaspoons constitute nor even represent the constituent society, now a member allpurpose flour ground ginger entire world of intellectual activity. of the ACLS. The Society of Biblical

1% teaspoons Yi cup sugar Yet, as the universe is probed, AmerLiterature and Exegesis, the eighth

Clabber Girl cup shortening % oldest reveals constituent ican scholarship (estabmany aspects member Baking Powder cup molasses % the quest for Busilished of man's knowledge. was preceded 1880) by teaspoon salt 1 egg, beaten Y2

ness, the humanities, agriculture, archaeologists, the numismatists, the flour, Sift together Baking Powder, orientalists, their the intensive antiquarians, areas. the In and all have

salt, ginger, sugar and into a mixing

Sciof Lincoln's Arts American administration and Academy Abraham bowl. in shortening until Cut mix-

) latter for of the National Sciences ences ( 1780 Academy is fine. ture molasses Add and egg; the

mix until well blended. Roll out to was established. This august body The Modern Language Associa-

-inchthickness on lightly floured (to which the most significant tion of America was established in board. Cut into squares or rectanAmerican physical scientists are 1883. The American Historical and

gles. Place on ungreased cooky sheet. eligible, and must be elected) emEconomic Associations came in 1884

Bake in a 350 F. (moderate) oven braces wide ranging interests in the and 1885. The Association of Amerabout 8 to 10 minutes. Cool. Decorfield of natural phenomena, matheican Law Schools was organized in ate to simulate Christmas cards.

matics, and the engineering sciences. 1900 followed by the American PhilNothing comparable represents the osophical Association (1901), the

interests of the social sciences and Anthropological Association (1902), the humanities—so far as an official and the American Political Science

agency of the United States govAssociation ( 1903 ). Since that time,

ernment is concerned. In 1919, the geographers, sociologists, artists,

however, the American Council of linguists, musicians, architectural

Only Clabber Girl provides the balanced Learned Societies (ACLS) was orhistorians, and others have organthat double action guarantees uniform in rising action the mixing that ganized. It was incorporated in the ized. The three most recent conbowl plus

final uniform rise to light and even texture District of Columbia in 1924. Its stituent societies and the dates of

inmeansthe ovenbetter.. balancedbaking. double action principal support comes from private their establishment are as follows:

gifts, largely from philanthropic the Metaphysical Society of America foundations. It is a private, non- (1950), the American Studies Assoprofit federation of thirty national ciation (1950), and the Renaissance

scholarly organizations concerned Society of America (1954).

... Exclusively the known with the humanities American Counand the The humanACLS, as w

cil is sciences. istic aspects the on Societies as of the social known, baking powder is governed

of thirty delegates, Philosophical one Soby a group The American with the BALANCED ciety, Franklin which Benjamin on page 337 ( Continued Skihgp0*dj!<fc. "'DOUBLE ACTING Action! Double

Hulman and Company. Terre Haute. Indiana

300 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA By Stanley R. By Albert R. Lyman

Fastpaced, true stories of the turbulent years Here is the fascinating story of Oliver CowThe exciting stories of famous "bad men"when the red man ruled the West with viodery: his intimate association with the Prophand the part they played in the settling of the

lence and fear. Filled with suspense and et, his own account of the translating of the San Juan Frontier. Every member of the

drama, courage and daring, history and traBook of Mormon and organizing of the Church; church will thrill to the daring of men like

dition. $3.75 little known facts about his life while out of Jacob Hamblin as he faced these indians and

the Church and how he rejoined. $3.50 outlaws. $2.95

OUTSTANDING

NEW BOOKS THAT DEMAND TO 5. JOSEPH SMITH BEGINS HIS WORKVOL II

Here is a readable description of boyhood, By Wilford C. Wood

year by year, for parents who desire a guide Now available for the first time are authentic rearing to nondelinquent of boys who are happy of the of rare "first reprints editions"Book surBE READ! parental Also covers welladjusted. and Doctrine Covenand the and Commandments

vival! Gives knowledgeable advice to parents ants, the Lectures on Faith, and the Fourteen

about alcohol, narcotics, and stealing. $4.50 Articles of Faith. $5.95

'ING By Mark E. Pet

6. SPANISH EDITION OF THE MORMON STORY Here is a collection of articles which pinpoint From a keen vantage point inside government,

By Rulon S. Howells and present problems of the day in such a the former Secretary of Agriculture discloses

A unique, pictorial account of Mormonism, way that they become vital, moving appeals the internal threat to the American way of translated into Spanish. A best seller in the for better living. Inspires proper homelife, life. Speaking out sharply against the direcEnglish version, children are fascinated, adults morality, happy parent and child relationships, tion our nation is headed, Elder Benson warns

thrilled and inspired by the hundreds of rare and a desire to keep God's commandments. that socialism is the royal road to communism.

photos, paintings, etc: $2.25 $3.50 Timely reading in this age of peril. $3.50

5-62 BOOKCRAFT 12 3 4 5 6 7 8 1186 South Main Salt Lake City, Utah Name

, Please circled the for books send me dress which I enclose check ) or order my money ( ( ) for $ City State

The Book of Knowledge has the answer!

All the answers to a child's bursting curiosity. Science, art, literature, history—and all of it written in a lively,

entertaining language to delight your child... to keep him learning without As this issue of The Improvement fornia to investigate a site for

even knowing he's doing it. How can Era goes to press the First Presi- a temple. Upon his recommendation,

The Book of Knowledge do what no dency has announced that groundthe original part of the site was other set can? Simply: things that breaking ceremonies for the Oakland purchased in July of that year.

belong together are found together in an easy logical arrangement. Other (California) Temple will take place At the Sunday morning session of

reference books are alphabetized and Saturday, May 26, under the directhe April 1943 general conference, systematized to a sliderule's cold extion of President David O. McKay. President Heber J. Grant stated in

actness. The Book of Knowledge is The beginning of construction his message to the Saints:

not. It makes the child want to read work on this temple has long been "I am happy to tell you that we

more and more.

hoped for, especially by those have purchased in the Oakland area

SEE FOR YOURSELF. SEND FOR THE FREE Saints who reside in that area. another temple site. The negotia-

"MINIATURE"BOOK OF KNOWLEDGE It has been recalled that President tions have been finally concluded

This free 24 page full color booklet Brigham Young and Elder Willard and the title passed. The site is

contains actual pages of science, hisRichards wrote to the Mormon Batlocated on the lower foothills of tory, art, stories, quizzes, things to talion, then in California, on August East Oakland on a rounded hill overand do and other informativemake.. And in the process of looking San Francisco Bay. We shall

featuresand entertaining taken di- 7, 1847: "

rectly from The Book of Knowledge time, the shores of the Pacific may in due course build there a splendid itself. Give it to your child and see yet be overlooked from the Temple temple."

how eagerly he reads it. Send for it of the Lord...."Since then additional adjacent

today. It's free and it's wonderful! The late President George Albert land has been purchased, making the

Smith, then a member of the Counsite now known locally as TempleTHE BOOK OF cil of the Twelve, had predicted in Hill about twice as large as Temple 1924, while looking eastward from Square in Salt Lake City. Erected

his hotel room in San Francisco, that on a part of the site is the Church'sKNOWLEDGEopens the door to success a temple would one day surmount East Bay Interstake Center. It was

FREE FULL 24 PAGE COLOR BOOKLET this while the there to dedicate that Center hills—one East Bay would OP THE BOOK KNOWLEDGE

Society Grolier TheI September President be visible 1960 that ships as a as in beacon to 575 Avenue, Lexington N. Y. York 22, Inc.New

Please send me the color booklet described above. they entered the Golden Gate from McKay felt impressed with the urthe farflung nations of the earth. gency to go ahead with the plans There are- -children in my family, ages -

In 1942 President David O. Mcfor the Oakland Temple.

NameKay, then a counselor to President President McKay met with the

Address Heber J. Grant, had gone to Calipresidencies of nineteen stakes and

City- -ZoneCounty ImprovementState- Era, 5-62

A publication of Grolier Inc. 1962, Grolier Inc.

302 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "So You B sovoUEgSrGroundto a RAISE Want Raise a Boy?"

Enjoyed by thousands as a series in

the W. Cleon Skousen's ERA... nowfor the of the account commonsense ABC's of

r child psychology from birth to age 21,0w and of the XYZ's of parental survival, is f'1 rC I it W1 fa available in this highly readable new book.

for this excellent volume published only by Doubleday, of New York

Here, told without preaching and with a fine sense of humor, is a downto-earth, illustrated guide to raising nondelin- quent boys who are happy and welladjusted. Here is a

ALBERT L. ZOBELL, JR. portrait of physical and emotional development year by

RESEARCH EDITOR year, an outline of behavior patterns and problems and how parents should react to them...

the Northern California Mission at an inn at the San Francisco International Airport on January 23, 1961, "Mormonism he having flown from Salt Lake City that morning to discuss with that Americanism group the financing of the temple.

to Salt Lake City that He returned day. same & Politics"

Those local brethren on that occaNow... for the first time, the full,

sion pledged the one hundred thoufascinating story of Mormon sand members of the Church in the political history... a dramatic

district to a contribution of a half account by Richard Vetterli of million dollars, which was estimated many seldomexplored episodes to be about one fourth of the total e *j qc in LDS history.

cost of the two million dollar structure. This fund drive has been under f handsomely illustrated

the direction of President O. Leslie "The author has examined the most significant nineteenth

Stone of the OaklandBerkeley Stake, century events involving the Latterday Saints in an attempt who is chairman of the Oakland to throw new light on what happened and why. He has writTemple District. ten a book which is highly interesting and which, at the

The new temple will majestically same time, represents an important scholarly contribution."

rise on a hilltop in northeast OakIVAN HINDERAKER, Chairman, Department of Political Science, UCLA.

land. The site commands a sweeping

view of the entire Bay Area. The

Golden Gate is directly to the west. The Ensign Publishing Co., P.O. Box 2316, Salt Lake City 10, Utah

The city of San Francisco lies some SAVE Send,"SO postpaidYOU WANT andTO RAISEautographed,A BOY?"the following book(s):

eighteen miles distant. Seen also Send me copies @$4.50 each $

POLITICS"AMERICANISM & "MORMONISM, each from the site are the cities of Pied- $3.00 Send @$7.95 me copies

mont, Berkeley, Richmond, Alameda, COMBINATION OFFER. Send me sets of both $

San Leandro, Hayward, San Jose, order both books at combination price of only $9.45 $

and Palo Alto. I enclose check or money order in amount of... $

Nearby the temple site is the books for My Name (Utah residents add 3% sales tax) - (Continued on page 375) Address $9.45 City Zone State.

MAY 1962 303 The past cannot be changed...

but the

Letters and is in Reports YOUR HANDS Through Home Study HOMEPli STUDY catalog to:

NAME.

ADDRESS.

CITY -STATE.

to: HOME STUDY

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY, PROVO.UTAH

TOUR USS YORKTOWNFILMS

Pictured are members and missionaries conducting the tour, LDS personnel on

for a recent of the town tour ship while the growing Kobe mission area.AND PRINTED per roll fromit Kobe, Japan, aboard the USS Yorkthe Yorktown took the opportunity to visit in city. docked that was port After

For any 6, 8 or 12 Exposure B A W Roll

JUMBO PRINTS only 35c per Roll

CORRECTION COLOR FILM

Sacramento, California DEVELOPING

Editor: Dear KODACOLOR

In a literature lesson this past year in 8-Exposure Roll per

Dev. and Printing $2.55 roll Relief Society, we learned that President

1 2-Exposure Roll. per Grant was quoting another author (Ralph

Dev. and Printing $3.00 roll Waldo Emerson, I believe ) when he made

Color Reprints 20c each the statement:

COLOR SLIDES comes"Thateasierwhichforweus persistto do; innotdoingthat bethe

1 35 mm Color Slid es per nature of the thing itself is changed, but 20 exp., Dev. and Mount $1.35 roll that our power to do is increased."MIA IN FINLAND

1 35 mm Color Slid es per If this is true, some effort should he 36 exp., Dev. and Mount $2.40 roll made to correct the false impression which Riihimaki, Finland

Color Movie per is circulating so widely in the Church.

8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 rol Please note the selfDear Editors: calendar for 1962

GENEALOGY PHOTOS conquest1962 issue.in the Era of Youth, January Enclosed is a snapshot taken at a recent

of NEGATIVES MADE OLD Sincerely, theMIAHelsinkisocial heldDistrict.in the RiihimakiIt is quiteBranchtypicalof each. PRINTS 60c PHOTOS,

of NEGATIVE, 4c each A Reader threeof mostpeopleMIA functionspictured here,presentingfor two aof skitthe

Send coin only - no C.O.D.'s Editor's Note: This information is corare not Church members. In fact, over

MoneyBack Guarantee rect. Ralph Waldo Emerson is the author eightyfive people attended the social in

of the quotation. a branch of fortysix members. The

SAM'SP. O. Box 1115 Dept.PHOTOAA Salt Lake City,LABUtah

304 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Church grows through the efforts of the MIA.

Thank you for the continued excellence of the Era of Youth. We use it very effectively in our English classes program.

Sincerely,

Gary Fuller Reese Branch Clerk

Selecting the "right"architect for your church building program is one of the most important decisions you

FIRST IN WARD have to make. Here's a new 12page guide that gives

..Sandra Kay Smith you a stepby-step plan for architect selection

is the first young provides you with a helpful worksheet for determining woman in Lakeyour needs... tells you what to expect from your

view Ward... and how to create a good workingmath, Oregon( Kla-) architect

to receive the sperelationship. The booklet was written by Robert L.

cial medallion for Durham, FAIA and member of the Church Architectural having earned Guild of America. It has been developed by the Rilcoseven individual

awards. Sandra alEngineered Wood Products Division of Weyerhaeuser

so has her Honor Company to make your building program as simple and

Bee, Mia Joy, Laureatte, and Silver efficient as possible. Send for your free booklet today.

Gleaner awards.

Rilco laminated wood arches and beams are a natural for a house of worship. The warm

hues and subtle grain patterns create a dramaFIRST WARD GRADUATE ticotherarchitecturalmaterial. Initialcharactercostunduplicatedis low, erectionby anyis

fast and maintenance costs minimal. To give

Beverly Ann Alyou interesting ideas on the use of laminated berry, Midwest City wood, a Rilco Church Construction booklet

Ward (Okla.), was also accompanies the Church Architect booklet.

recently graduated from the Primary Association as the Weyerhaeuser to first person com- * Company all of her plete Rilco Engineered Wood in Primary the Products Division it was ward since first organized as Dept. B-550 Tacoma 1, Wash.

seven a branch three Please send me your new booklet, Selecting also hasyears ago. Beverly Ann

towith Your Working Church Architect, all of toyears perfect attendance of her andgether Rilco with the Construction Churchmeetings. her family She and were among Ideas booklet.

firstthe of the twenty Midwest members

City organized Branch it was when in Name 1954 and have helped from this it grow small number to a ward of three hunChurch dred members.

Address

City Zone State.

m'i; s

MAY 1962 305 The Church Moves On

February 1962

President Hugh B. Brown of the First Presidency delivered

) Theological ( Pennsylvania beliefs of the Church.LETTERPRESS Seminary,an address outliningbefore thethePittsburghhistory and

March 1962 PRESERVING YOUR PRIDE IN Ogden Twelfth Ward won the 1962 allChurch senior basketCRAFTSMANSHIP ball tournament and Centerville Third Ward won the junior

Perfect tournament. It was a repeat for both wards, the first in

photoengraving plates time after tournament history, as both Utah teams had won the tournament time can be achieved in 1961.

only with craftsmen whose entire time and skills are devoted to Fort Wayne (IndianaOhio) Stake was organized from parts letterpress plates. of the Great Lakes Mission by Elder Howard W. Hunter

of the Council of the Twelve and Elder Alma Sonne, Assistant to the Twelve. Elder William H. Thompson was sustained as stake

ENGRAVING CO. president with Elders Thurman H. Barker and Rue C. Johnson as

1242 SANTEE ST. LOS ANGELES 15 RICHMOND 9-2396 counselors. This is the 352nd stake of the Church.

Elder Rex A. Skidmore sustained as president of Monument

Park West (Salt Lake City) Stake, succeeding President Frank C.

Berg. President Skidmore's counselors are Elders Kenneth C. Borg

and George W. Poulsen, Jr. Released with President Berg was

his first counselor, Elder Ernest A. Nielson; President Skidmore

had been serving as second counselor.

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

Morgan S. Coombs, a Salt Lake City physician and surgeon, CHOICE as president of the Australian Mission, succeeding President

levels, of the stake is a former member both and ward on worker LDS BOOKS Weldon V. Moore. President Coombs has been a Sunday School this call ( council, the to high City) Stake and at Salt Lake Highland

mailed missionFirst Ward,field Parleyswas servingStake.as highHis priests'wife ViviangroupHolmanleader inCoombsthe Parleysand

their youngest son Douglas R. will accompany him to the mission

right to wasfield. calledThe fromcoupleEnglandhave fiveas earlychildren.as 1840,A missionarybut the realforopeningAustraliaof

the Australian Mission is dated from October 30, 1851, with the arrival of two elders in Sydney. your door

The appointment of Mrs. Hazel S. Love to membership on

the general board of the Relief Society was announced.

Write for Free catalog of books and complete information on Elder W. Wayne Prince, formerly first counselor to President

how you can save 20% on each A. Ray Curtis of the Holladay (Salt Lake County) Stake,

book you order. succeeded Elder Curtis as stake president. President Prince's

LDS BOOKS CLUB, INC. counselors are Elder Marvin L. Pugh, who also served as a counselor to President Curtis, and Elder Keith C. Brown. President Curtis

| BOOKS is now presiding over the Southwest British Mission.

I P.O. BOX 400 Elder George Van Lemmon sustained as president of Albuquer-

I SALT LAKE CITY 10, UTAH que (New Mexico) Stake, succeeding President William J. Wilson

Please send free catalog of Church books. No obliwhom he served as first counselor. Counselors to President Lemmon

gation, of course.

are Elder Lyle K. Porter, who was serving as second counselor, and

| NAME Elder Miles H. Romney. (Continued on page 358)

I ADDRESS

I CITY STATE

306 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Broadcast House on Social Hall Avenue in Salt Lake City

\%X0 \f UJ) marks KSL's 40th year of radio broadcasting. 1962 will

also be remembered as the year that KSL - Radio moved to Broadcast House.

What could be a better birthday present? A fine new broadcast studio to reflect

the character and image of a truly great radio station.

Over the years KSL - Radio has measured response from all of the 50 states and from farflung outposts throughout the entire world. KSL's call letters are

synonymous with greatness in broadcasting, and KSL personnel have provided some of the finest leadership in this very proud profession.

Our present staff is dedicated to the betterment of an already fine facility, and to the perpetuation of the high standards which our original founders and owners have reflected over the years. KS&

ON THIS MOTHER'S DAY

Some of us cannot put our arms around Motherhood is the greatest potential our mother on this Mother's Day and influence either for good or ill in human say, "I love you,"because our mothers life. The mother's image is the first that

have gone, but over the years their stamps itself upon the unwritten page of influenee remains with us. the young child's mind. It is her caress

To those who still have their mothers, that first awakens a sense of security;

now is the time to fill your life with her kiss, the first realization of affection;

incidents and treasured associations that her sympathy and tenderness, the first will last you throughout life when you assurance that there is love in the world.

think of your angel mothers. It is hot True, there comes a time when Father

only on Mother's Day, but on every day takes his place as exemplar in the young that you should show your tribute and child's mind; and in the latter's budding

your love for mothers. ambition to develop manly traits, he outMothers sow the seeds in childhood wardly seems to turn from the more

that determine to a great extent life's gentle and tender virtues engendered harvests in adulthood. by the mother. But that everdirecting

The noblest calling in the world is and restraining influence implanted durthat of mother. True motherhood is ing the first years of his childhood

the most beautiful of all arts, the greatest lingers with him and permeates his of all professions. She who can paint thoughts and memory as distinctively as

a masterpiece or who can write a book perfume clings to each particular flower.

that will influence millions deserves the In more than one instance in the life plaudits and admiration of mankind; but of fiery youth, this lingering influence

she who rears successfully a family of has proved a safeguard in the hour of healthy, beautiful sons and daughters temptation—an influence in its restrainwhose immortal souls will be exerting ing power greater than the threat of the

an influence throughout the ages, long law of the land, the ostracism of society, after paintings shall have faded, and or the fear of violating a commandment books and statues shall have been deof God. In a moment of youthful reckstroyed, deserves the highest honor that lessness the youth might defy one or all

man can give. of these forces, and do what his hot

308 THE IMPROVEMENT EHA Jennette Evans McKay of Huntsville, Utah, wife of a bishop, mother of President David 0.

McKay.

THE EDITOR'S PAGE BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. MCKAY

blood bade, but at the crucial moment, aptly said that babes draw strength at the flash of a mother's confiding trust, first from her bosom but always from her the realization of her sorrow if he fails heart. All through the years of babyto be true to it, has given him power to hood, childhood, and youth, aye, even

refrain from indulgence that might blight after her girls themselves become mothhis entire career. ers and her sons, fathers, she tenderly

We should give to every woman a high and lovingly sacrifices for them her place of honor. To maintain and to merit time, her comfort, her pleasures, her

this high dignity, she must possess those needed rest and recreation, and if necesvirtues which have always and which sary, health and life itself! No language

will ever demand the respect and love of can express the power and beauty and mankind. To know what these virtues heroism of a mother's love.

are, let everyone think of his own mother. The sweetness as well as the greatness

With her picture in mind, each will agree of motherhood lies in the overcoming of that "a beautiful and chaste woman is selflove by mother for her children. She

the perfect workmanship of God."is ever giving something of her life to

A woman possesses power to ennoble make another happier—a Christlike viror degrade. It is she who gives life to the tue that makes motherhood sublime.

babe, who wields gradually and conMy fellow associates, always do those stantly the impress of character to childthings that will be happy memories—espehood and youth, who inspires manhood cially memories of the kindnesses that

to noble ambition or entices and ensnares you have shown your mother. The fewer

it to defeat and degradation, who makes memories of forgetfulness or of neglect home a haven of bliss or a den of disyou have, the happier you will be.

content, who at her best gives to life its Not only on one day, then, should we sweetest hopes and choicest blessings. pay tribute to our mothers; but rather

Motherhood is just another name for make that day the means of increasing sacrifice. From the moment the wee, our determination and ability to make

helpless babe is laid on the pillow beside every day a day in which to honor her, mother daily, even hourly, gives of Mother in particular and every woman her life to her loved one. It has been who desires to be like Mother.

WHAT IS THE SIN AGAINST THE HOLY GHOST?

question: "What I am asking man can be forgiven, but to blasmay not be of any importance, pheme against the Holy Ghost

but perhaps you can inform me can never be forgiven. Through

as to where I may find informawhat kind of action or means tion on the subject. I am puzzled YOUR would one go about to blaspheme

in my mind about the word against the Holy Ghost? Perhaps

blasphemy as stated in Matthew if I could read a good article 12:3183. It tells us that to QUESon this subject I could form a

blaspheme against the Son of conclusion."answer: You have asked a very TION "Verily, verily, I say unto thee,

important question, which may Except a man be born of water be difficult to explain to a person and of the Spirit, he cannot enter is not who a member of the Church into of the kingdom God. ANSWERED BY Christ of Latterday Saints of Jesus "That of the flesh which is born

or to one who has been inactive is flesh; and that which is born of and indifferent to the teachings of JOSEPH the Spirit is spirit.

the Church. In order to have the "Marvel not that I said unto thee, FIELDING

question clearly before us it is well Ye must be born again.

to quote the passage in question. "The wind bloweth where it "Wherefore I say unto you, All SMITH listeth, and thou hearest the sound manner of sin and blasphemy shall PRESIDENT OF thereof, but canst not tell whence

be forgiven unto men; but the THE COUNCIL it cometh, and whither it goeth:

against blasphemy the Holy is every one that is born of the Ghost OF THE TWELVE so forgiven shall not be unto men. Spirit."(Ibid., 3:5-7.)

"And whosoever speaketh a word The birth of water is of course against the Son of man, it shall baptism by immersion for the rebe forgiven him: but whosoever speaketh against the mission of sins. This is an essential ordinance for

Holy Ghost, it shall not be forgiven him, neither in entrance into the kingdom of God. The baptism of

this world, neither in the world to come. the Spirit is by the laying on of hands by one who

"Either make the tree good, and his fruit good; holds the priesthood. No man is authorized to peror else make the tree corrupt, and his fruit corrupt: form these ordinances unless he holds the priesthood.

for the tree is known by his fruit."An ordinance performed by one who has not received

When John the Baptist was preaching in the authority would be only a mockery in the sight of wilderness he said to the people: "I indeed baptize the Lord. Likewise the gift of the Holy Ghost is

you with water unto repentance: but he that cometh conferred by the laying on of hands by one who has

after me is mightier than I, whose shoes I am not been officially invested with divine authority. Joseph

worthy to bear: he shall baptize you with the Holy Smith and Oliver Cowdery received this authority

Ghost, and with fire."(Matt. 3:11.) from Peter, James, and John who were sent to confer

On several occasions the Savior spoke to his upon them the Melchizedek Priesthood. The Lord

disciples about the gift of the Holy Ghost. This gift said to Joseph Smith in a revelation given in

is spoken of frequently in the Bible, particularly in October 1830:

the New Testament. "Yea, repent and be baptized, every one of you, for

When Nicodemus came to the Savior seeking light, a remission of your sins; yea, be baptized even by

the Lord said to him: water, and then cometh the baptism of fire and of the

"Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be Holy Ghost.

born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter "Behold, verily, verily, I say unto you, this is my into the kingdom of God."(John 3:5.) gospel; and remember that they shall have faith in

This was a strange saying to Nicodemus so he me or they can in nowise be saved;

asked how could a man be born again, and the "And upon this rock I will build my church; yea,

Lord answered: upon this rock ye are built, and if ye continue, the

310 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA gates of hell shall not prevail against you. receive, because it seeth him not, neither knoweth

"And ye shall remember the church articles and him: but ye know him; for he dwelleth with you, and

covenants to keep them. shall be in you."(John 14:1517.)

"And whoso having faith you shall confirm in my "Nevertheless I tell you the truth; It is expedient

church, by the laying on of the hands, and I will for you that I go away: for if I go not away, the

bestow the gift of the Holy Ghost upon them."Comforter will not come unto you; but if I depart, I

(D&C 33:1115.) will send him unto you.

Paul realized that something was wrong when cer- "And when he is come, he will reprove the world tain converts at Ephesus claimed to have been of sin, and of righteousness, and of judgment:

baptized, and he asked them if they had received "Of sin, because they believe not on me;

the Holy Ghost since being baptized. They replied, "Of righteousness, because I go to my Father, and

"We have not so much as heard whether there be ye see me no more;

any Holy Ghost."From this answer Paul had grave "Of judgment, because the prince of this world

doubts concerning the validity of their baptism, and is judged.

he asked them, "Unto what then were ye baptized?""I have yet many things to say unto you, but ye

They answered, "Unto John's baptism."Then Paul cannot bear them now.

said, "John verily baptized with the baptism of re- "Howbeit when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he pentance, saying unto the people, that they should will guide you into all truth: for he shall not speak of

believe on him which should come after him, that is, himself; but whatsoever he shall hear that shall he

on Christ Jesus."When they heard this, they were speak: and he will shew you things to come.

baptized in the proper manner, for Paul knew that "He shall glorify me: for he shall receive of mine,

their baptism had been without divine authority. and shall shew it unto you."(Ibid., 16:7-14.)

Paul then laid his hands upon them and gave them the The world today does not have this great gift begift of the Holy Ghost, and the power thereof came cause men have forsaken the way of the Lord, have upon them, "and they spake with tongues and prophediscarded his ordinances, and teach the philosophies sied."(See Acts 19:1-6.) of men.

This gift was held by all the prophets of old as The Lord will grant to any honest person who

Peter informs us wherein he said: "Knowing this first, earnestly seeks to know the truth one manifestation

that no prophecy of the scripture is of any private by the Holy Ghost; but he is not entitled to repeated

interpretation. manifestations. After such a revelation is given, he

"For the prophecy came not in old time by the will is to act, for the Holy Ghost cannot be appealed to of man: but holy men of God spake as they were for continued manifestations until after baptism and

moved by the Holy Ghost."(2 Peter 1:2021.) the gift has been bestowed. Cornelius is a good

Members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday example of this. Peter was holding strictly to the

Saints, through their faithfulness and integrity, are traditions of Israel that the fulness of the gospel was entitled to the same guidance and divine knowledge for Israel only and not for the gentiles. The Lord

which was given to the Saints in other dispensations gave him a strange vision before he was convinced from the days of Adam down. However, no person that the gospel was for the gentiles as well as for

can have this gift and exercise faith, unless he or the Jews.

she is humbly keeping the commandments the Lord We learn from the inspired teachings of Moroni has given. The Holy Ghost will not dwell in unclean the following:

tabernacles nor strive with people unless they keep "Behold, I would exhort you that when ye shall their minds as well as their bodies clean, and they read these things, [i.e., the Book of Mormon] if it be

are diligent before the Lord. wisdom in God that ye should read them, that ye

When the Savior met with his apostles in solemn would remember how merciful the Lord hath been assembly shortly before his betrayal he said to them: unto the children of men, from the creation of Adam

"If ye love me, keep my commandments. even down until the time that ye shall receive these

"And I will pray the Father, and he shall give you things, and ponder it in your hearts.

another Comforter, that he may abide with you "And when ye shall receive these things, I would for ever; exhort you that ye would ask God, the Eternal Father,

"Even the Spirit of truth; whom the world cannot in the name of Christ, (Continued on page 356)

MAY 1962 311 MARY

MOTHER

OF JESUS Many are the writers who have extolled Mary, mother her cousin Elisabeth, saying, "And, behold, thy cousin of Jesus. No other woman in the history of the world Elisabeth, she hath also conceived a son in her old

has been so honored and revered. Some of the age: and this is the sixth month with her, who was

world's greatest works in poetry, novels, and plays called barren.

have had Mary and her son as their themes. Her "For with God nothing shall be impossible. And

nobility has been depicted through great art and Mary said, Behold the handmaid of the Lord; be

hymns. Carols, folk songs, and lullabies continue to it unto me according to thy word...."

appraise her and her son. That she was foreordained Gabriel then departed after delivering his message,

and chosen for her great role is attested in Isaiah 7:14, leaving Mary alone to ponder over all that he had

"Therefore the Lord himself shall give you a sign; said. Her promised Son was to be the Only Begotten

Behold, a virgin shall conceive, and bear a son, and of the Father in the flesh; so it had been positively

shall call his name Immanuel."and abundantly predicted since the world began.

We turn to the book of Luke for most of our facts (Gen. 12:3, 18:18, 22:18, 26:4, 49:10; compare Acts

concerning Mary and her babe. Perhaps because 3:2526.)

Luke was a physician, the things told there are of Six hundred years prior to Christ's birth, an angel a more personal nature, presenting Mary's point of had spoken to Nephi while he beheld a vision of this view. Luke tells us (1:2628) that six months after very thing spoken by Gabriel to Mary. The angel

the visitation of the Angel Gabriel to Zacharias ancL said to Nephi, "What beholdest thou?"And Nephi

three months prior to the birth of John that the same answered, "A virgin, most beautiful and fair above heavenly messenger was sent, "... To a virgin all other virgins."Then the angel asked, "Knowest

espoused to a man whose name was Joseph, of the thou the condescension of God?"and Nephi said, "I

house of David; and the virgin's name was Mary. know that he loveth his children; nevertheless, I do

"And the angel came in unto her, and said, Hail! not know the meaning of all things."The angel then

thou that art highly favoured, the Lord is with thee: instructed Nephi: "Behold, the virgin whom thou seest

blessed art thou among women."is the mother of the Son of God, after the manner of

James E. Talmage tells us that it was known among the flesh."Then Nephi tells us: "And it came to pass

that I beheld that she was carried away in the Spirit;

the Jews that some Jewish maiden, specifically of and after she had been carried away in the Spiritthe tribe of Judah and of known descent from David, for the space of a time the angel spake unto me, would yet be the mother of the Messiah, that Mary saying: Look!

had doubtless contemplated the joy of such an occur- "And I looked and beheld the virgin again, bearing rence. (Jesus the Christ, pp. 7980.)

a child in her arms.

Luke 1:2938 says, "And when she saw him [the

of angel said the unto Behold me: "And the Lamb

angel] she was troubled... and cast in her mind yea, of the Father."the Eternal This even Son God,

what manner of salutation this should be. is not only another witness for Christ, but it delineates

"And the angel said unto her, Fear not, Mary: for Mary as a maiden whose beauty, virtue, and goodness

thou hast found favour with God. were above those of all other maidens.

"And, behold, thou shalt conceive in thy womb, and We should take into consideration that the angel bring forth a son, and shalt call his name JESUS. Gabriel told Mary that the Holy Ghost would come

"He shall be great, and shall be called the Son of the upon her, which made her trust, for Mary understood

Highest: and the Lord God shall give unto him the the scriptures of her day. James E. Talmage says in

throne of his father David: The Articles of Faith (p. 160), "The Holy Ghost may

"And he shall reign over the house of Jacob for be regarded as the minister carrying into effect the ever; and of his kingdom there shall be no end."decisions of the Supreme Council."The Holy Ghost

To this Mary asked, "... How shall this be, seeing is also called the Holy Spirit of Promise.

I know not a man? Mary conceived as is stated in Luke (1:3956), and

"And the angel answered and said unto her, The set out with haste to her cousin Elisabeth's home.

Holy Ghost shall come upon thee, and the power When she arrived there, the Holy Ghost bore witness of the Highest shall overshadow thee: therefore also to Elisabeth that the chosen mother of the Lord stood

that holy thing which shall be born of thee shall be before her. Elisabeth greeted Mary with divine

called the Son of God."Then the angel told her of reverence, declaring: (Continued on page 352)

BY LINNIE FISHER ROBINSON

THUNDER ALONG THE

orHUDSON1fe*V

j*Mi'iiW"Tm ImmmMay

'yj*

>H!kl Wft&ItfS!

*T Henry Hudson, explorer and navigator, could hear the Opposite page: The "Long Gray Line"

better Military Academy,—at USwaves slapping against the planked hull of the Half Point, overlooking known as West

Moon as his anxious eyes strained to pierce the prewest bank of the Hudson River. Henrythe

white was probably the firstdawn haze of September 12, 1609. Hudson

on this point. Benedict man to gaze

Suddenly the damp, gray blanket rolled away on Arnold tried to betray it to the Engan impatient breeze. And there it was! Not a paslish. Grant, Lee, and Eisenhower are

among its graduates.

sage through to China, as hoped, but a mighty stream This page top: Henry Hudson's fourth

along whose banks the birthpangs of our nation voyage to the New World ended in disaster. All the sick and lame ofwere recorded.

the together crew, members of A mighty popular lady in an oldfashioned green Hudson and his son, were abandonedwith dress looks inspiringly out over that busy anchorage in Hudson's Bay, Canada, and were never heard from again.

today. She seems almost to breathe as she lifts high This page bottom: America's mosther torch of freedom to light the way for the oppopular girl—The Statue of Liberty,

pressed. We know her as the Statue of Liberty. Newgreen YorkgoddessHarbor,standsNewguardYork.at Thisthe

Somehow Miss Liberty sets the mood for the river entrance to the Hudson River.

which now bears the name of Hudson. She steps away

from the broken shackles of tyranny at her feet.

Others had been doing the same thing along the river's craggy banks long before she came.

There was John Peter Zenger, famous Germanborn colonial printer and publisher, who battled against tremendous odds to win the battle for a free press.

"Arrest him!"ordered British Governor Cosby, who

swaggered around with New York in his hip pocket.

Cosby had become angered because Zenger wasn't afraid to print the truth.

Zenger was thrown into jail for "false, scandalous, malicious, and seditious libel."

There was no Bill of Bights back in 1735. Zenger's

bail was set at so high a sum that he had no chance of raising it. He was imprisoned for six months before

his trial came. The most careful plans were made to

deprive him of a lawyer. But Zenger continued to

edit his paper—from prison!

Zenger's trial thundered along the corridors of history. Andrew Hamilton, eighty years old and the

nation's foremost lawyer, leaped to Zenger's defense and won the case.

Zenger's success in fighting for freedom of the press has been called "the germ of American freedom."

Years later Congress incorporated this 1735 decision into the Bill of Bights itself.

The site of Zenger's trial, imprisonment, and acquittal, is now memorialized in Federal Hall National Memorial, situated a few steps from the Hudson on land modestly valued at $15,000,000 an acre.

This site was cheap at any price. It was on the

last day of April 1789, that a man in a plain brown suit, its metal buttons stamped with eagles, stood on the steps of Federal Hall and listened to the cheers of a joyful crowd.

BY KELVIN WALLACE COVENTRY

MAY 1962

"President Washington! President Washington!"the voyage as far as Albany, fighting off savages and

crowd liked the sound of that new title. He had just making a name for himself.

been sworn in. Near Albany, the town of Kinderhook boasts the

Up river, at Newburgh, "noble George"announced grave of our eighth President, Martin Van Buren.

the conclusion of the Revolutionary War. It was here Across the river from the New York capital is Dutchhe penned a fiery rebuke to Colonel Nicola's suggessettled Rensselaer, home of Fort Crailo.

tion that he take over as "king"of the United States. A British army surgeon sat on the top of the well

It was here he created the famed Order of the in Fort Crailo's back yard two hundred years ago

Purple Heart.

and poked fun at his crude American allies by penning

Henry Hudson was said to be the first white man the lively colonial tune, "Yankee Doodle."

to look upon the point of land where our massive,

And what would the Hudson Valley be withoutgraywalled US Military Academy now stands. West

Point gave us Lee, Grant, Pershing, MacArthur, mention of Sam Wilson, the tall, slender meatpacker who made his home in Troy, New York?Eisenhower, Poe, and Whistler—to name only a few

of our nation's "greats.""We love you, Uncle Sam,"the children often told

Authors? Near Sleepy Hollow, on the east bank the whiskered exfarm boy. You can't fool children.

of the Hudson at Tarrytown, is Washington Irving's The "most honest man in town"was the live model famed retreat, Sunnyside. He called it "this dear, for the figure that now personifies the United States

bright little house, which I have fitted up to my in every part of the world—a figure in tall hat, red and

own humor,"and vowed he wouldn't change it "for white striped trousers, blue, stardraped coatany chateau in Christendom."Uncle Sam.

This sprawling, fortyone room shrine, overlooks No one knows what happened to Henry Hudson the region where Irving breathed life into such book after he was seized by his mutinous crew and cast characters as Rip Van Winkle, Ichabod Crane, and adrift on the lonely, icy waters of Hudson Bay. But

the frightful "headless horseman."Irving was the first we do know what happened to the river he discovered.

American writer to gain international fame. The crags lining its shores have been rocked by

The mighty Hudson sweeps on—the same course worldshaking events. Great men have sailed this

once taken by Robert Fulton and his smokeand-fire golden ribbon to glory. Perhaps none was greater than

belching Claremont. Henry Hudson made the same Henry Hudson. He was the pathfinder.

Opposite page, left to right: The biggest flag in the world! That's this

flag's claim to fame. It is flown on

holidays at New York City entrance to the George Washington Bridge. The

name "George Washington"is probably the most famous of all names connected with Hudson River history.

Robert Fulton invented the world's first practical steamboat and navigated it from New York City to Albany over the same route sailed by

Henry Hudson.

Pictured is Fulton's grave in Trinity

Churchyard, New York City, only a few steps from the river.

Here Franklin D. Roosevelt was born,

Hyde Park, New York, now a national historic site. The bust of the president

is seen in front of the FDR Library on the grounds.

This is the tomb of General Grant and his wife, overlooking the Hudson River from New York City's famed Riverside Drive.

At right: "Sunnyside,"home of Washington Irving, near Tarrytown, New

York, overlooking the Hudson.

MAY 1962 317

BY HELEN REAGAN SMITH

It's your ideal that is important,"Mother warned me over and over. "You become what you

like best—choose for yourself the most beautiful one you can find."So I looked hard. I

!\ wanted a beautiful woman, charming and glamorous. So I watched for beauty, wondering

next door! I sought moved

of cornbread. and a pan \ if I would"Here,everMartha,"find it. MotherJust as Isaid,gave handingup hope,methea verybowlwomanof beans

"Take this to our new neighbors. They will be too tired from moving to fix anything

for themselves."

Obediently, I took the tray and trotted across the hedge. The door was open, so

I just walked in, and I saw her! She was sitting on a trunk, holding a broken figurine

in her hands. Her cheeks were wet, but when she looked up and saw me and the

tray, her damp eyes sparkled into a quick smile. I thrust the tray toward her.

"Mama thought you needed a good supper 'cause you'd be tired from moving,"

I blurted, conscious all at once of my tangled hair and the rip in my dress. She

looked like a figurine herself with her blonde hair piled high and her cheeks soft velvet.

"Tom, Tom,"she called in a voice that almost tinkled, it was so musical, "come see what this lovely child and her angel mother have for us!"She turned

to me. "What's your name, dear?"

"Martha,"I gulped, wishing it was something lovely like Darleen, "Martha

Johnson,"and was embarrassed and ashamed. It was as plain as the cornbread

I'd brought over. But my heart exploded like a giant firecracker had gone

off inside. This amazing new creature who had moved into our midst was

that very ideal I'd been looking for. She was the one I wanted to be like—

and now and then, I wondered who her ideal was. She must have been

wonderful, whoever she was. Marie Jennings was charm itself.

Soon the whole town, except Aunt Sally and a few old folks who didn't count, was feeling like I was. She and her husband started to church at once, took

part in everything open to the town. She even came to our school programs!

rjsJJi Only"It'sAuntjustSallybecausewasn't sheimpressed.was an actress,"she snorted, talking to Mother. "She

thinks she's got to get into the show of things."Yet she kept looking over the

hedge and asking me questions.

I told them about the white nylon rug in their bedroom and the white drawdrapes; how they had taken out short windows and put in floor length

glass doors, opening into their backyard garden. I explained about the red

ruffled curtains in the kitchen and how they ate meals on trays in the living room or broiled hamburgers in their backyard. Aunt Sally's mouth stretched

into a thin, white line.

"I don't like it, Myra,"she'd say to Mother. "She's nothing but a bit

of froth. She won't be there in a pinch. But the whole town is crazy over her."

"Now, Sally,"Mother reproved with warm understanding in her voice.

"I think she's nice; besides, it does us all good just to look at her."

"Nonsense,"Aunt Sally's voice was bitter. "That Womanof-theYear

Award is coming up. I want it for you. You should have it. After all,

you're responsible for the town library; the Mexican chapel was built

because you prayed every board into place. You even did without that new

living room suite you wanted to help others start giving money. This is your

year, and I don't want any little nincompoop getting in your way."

MAY 1962 319 "Now, Sally."Mother's voice had that tone she time I'd opened four, my head was clear again. I

used when I had my feelings hurt at school. "I work looked around at the room.

for the Lord, not rewards. Besides, it's good to Other girls were looking green and squeamish like

have a beautiful person around. It makes you I felt a few minutes before. Heads were drooping,

ashamed of your own looks and starts you doing students leaned back sickly in their seats. It looked

what you can."Aunt Sally cut herself a thick slice like the whole crowd was getting sick. Mrs. Jennings

of hot bread while Mama fixed a piece for me. was down front, grabbing the microphone.

"Here, Martha."Mama looked at me over the top "Ellen,"she spoke to a girl by the door, "call the

of her glasses. "Get to your homework. This is the telephone operator and tell her to get all the doctors

last slice I'm going to fix you."in town here at once."She looked around, then spoke

I took it and lingered in the doorway. I didn't want again. "Joey, go outside and tell those bus drivers to

to miss what they said about Marie Jennings. I hoped cut off their motors. Martha,"she called my name,

they would choose her. and I straightened quickly, "go home and tell your

"Besides,"Mother went on, "if they did, maybe the mother to open my house and prepare beds for these

CleanUp, PaintUp week would go over with a bang. students—and to fix what room she has, too."

Our town needs a little sprucing."As I left, she was instructing others to make ice

I couldn't quite figure out though whether Mother packs out of towels from the school kitchen, making just wasn't interested or she knew she couldn't be others go in pairs, walking the sick students up and anybody except plain everyday folks. Finally, I dedown in the fresh air. As I left the door, I heard her

cided that was it. voice say, "Wait for those with sick students to leave,

They did elect Marie Jennings Womanof-theYear, then we will clear the gym. Wait in the schoolyard

but the way it came about, the whole town would until you receive instructions from the mike."

have been awful mean and sneaky if they hadn't. Later, the doctors said that it was Marie Jennings'

It was because of what she did the night of the band quiet but efficient taking over that stopped the panic, contests. Even Aunt Sally had to admire her for that. that it would have been pandemonium if it hadn't

A terrible thing happened at the schoolhouse. It been for her. What had happened, we discovered

was the District Meet, and our school was host. Every later, was the school's circulating fans had sucked

band in the country came. Also there were groups in the carbon monoxide from the school busses after

for declamations, debates, and the like. The winners they started warming up. And people couldn't say

of the district would go to state, and at state the enough in praise of Marie Jennings.

winners won college scholarships and prizes. And she surely had worked! She took the sick kids

Although it was May, a cold spell had come. We to her home, and she and Mother didn't go to bed all

were almost through with the contests in the big gym, night. By morning most of them were all right; later

waiting, mainly, for the judges to make their announcein the day, all of them were. So, by the time the

ments. It was warm inside, but we kinda dreaded students had gone home, even those who had been

going out in the cold. The busses were getting ready suspicious of Marie Jennings loved her. When it

to take the folks home. You could hear them through came time to offer the Womanof-theYear award, no

the walls starting up, trying to warm up their engines. other name was mentioned.

I was in the back near the hall when Mrs. Jennings The award dinner was held in the ballroom of our

walked in with one of the judges. She started to smile hotel. Because it was Mrs. Jennings, and I wanted

at me, then her eyes went past me and froze in horror. to go so bad, Mother bought me a ticket. We were

I jerked around just in time to see a girl stretched crowded back into a corner of the room, and I had to out unconscious on the floor and two others in a dead sit on my knees to see the head table.

faint! Another girl screamed. I felt awfully grownup, wearing my Sundaybest

Mrs. Jennings started running toward them. "Open blue taffeta and suede pumps. But Marie Jennings

the windows,"she motioned to me as she passed. looked stunning. She wore something all sparkly with

I felt too dopey to nod, but I stumbled over to the a little hat to match; her eyes were alight, and her

window and thrust it high. The cool, fresh air came face was the most beautiful thing I'd ever seen in all

swirling around me, making me feel better. By the my life. She was sitting at the head table because

320 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA she had a part on the program. No one was supposed it, looking at it lovingly, "doesn't belong to me, but

to know who was chosen until the presentation was to one who lives quietly, doing for you everyday, made, but we all knew. never asking for recognition or reward."

Even Aunt Sally who was still a little disappointed, The crowd stared at her in amazement, and I could knew she'd just get icy stares if she said anything. feel my own arms goosepimpling.

We all thrilled when the chairman got up and officially "This person gets up in the middle of the night,"presented the award to Mrs. Jennings. I sighed blissshe went on quietly, "to stay with the sick; she welfully, thinking her ideal must be perfect, since she comes the strangers and comforts the disturbed who

was so grand. Then the most unexpected thing come to her for help—and they pour in, I've watched

followed! them. She calms their fears, prays with them, sends

As the clapping died away, everybody listened for them back filled with strength.

her to make her acceptance speech, she held up the "There's a little old woman who lives at the edge cup and looked out over the crowd. of town, unable to cook, and she sends her a meal

"You are wonderful to want me to have this,"she every Thursday. She does all this so quietly no one

said quietly. "It means as much to me as an Oscar to knows she does anything—if you'll grant me the privilots of actresses—but this doesn't belong to me."lege, I am going to give this cup to her."

The room grew quiet in shock. Stunned, we watched her as she walked around the

"I'm a newcomer in your town, and that tragic table. My heart was pounding like a sledge hammer

school incident,"her voice continued, "was something as she came our way. The room was so quiet you

anybody would love to combat—and would jump at could almost cut the stillness. She walked squaredab

the chance, just like I did. It's better than a starring to our table and looked at, of all people, my mother!

role, because it was real life, anybody would give a lot "Myra Johnson,"she said to my mother who had for a chance to do what I did. I just had the turned red as a beet. "Stand up and let us salute you!"

opportunity. I looked at Marie Jennings, standing there, looking

"It's those who do the little, unsung things that like an angel, and my breath caught, causing a queer never get applauded and keep on doing them, that feeling down deep in my tummy as I understood—

really deserve honor. This beautiful cup,"she turned Mother was the ideal she had chosen!

DISCOVERY

BY LUCILE LONG STRAYER

Out of the attic came this photograph—

My mother, aged sixteen. Erect and slim,

In a quaint dress that tempts the easy laugh,

She stands with hand on chair, so very prim!

Sixty long years ago! The soft brown hair

Brushed tightly back in style so different

Seems strange; yet eyes are clear; the face is fair,

And the mouth sensitive and innocent.

I look and look. The face, sweet and unlined,

Is startlingly alive with dreams. For years,

O Mother, I have known that you are kind,

Wise, good, thoughtful of others, knowing tears,

Yet loving laughter—all that poets have sung.

But how could I know that you were once so young!

MAY 1962 321 The Personal Factors in Religious

CONDUCTED

BY THE UNIFIED CHURCH SCHOOL SYSTEM

BY STERLING PROVOST

PRINCIPAL OF THE COPPERTON SEMINARY AT COPPERTON, UTAHEducation

There is an old story which tells of the experience of As one reflects upon this significant story, questions a great artist who was engaged to paint a mural for arise as to what might have produced such a radical the cathedral in an old Sicilian town. The subject change in this person's way of life. What deficiencies

was to be the life of Christ. For many years the had there been in the religious and secular teaching

artist labored diligently, and finally the painting was experienced by this man as he was affiliated in his finished except for the two most important figures, youth with his home, church, school, and associates the Christ Child and Judas Iscariot. He searched in the community? Was the relationship in his home

far and wide for models for these two figures. such that he was unable to acquire the training

One day while walking in an old part of the city, necessary for a satisfactory adjustment to life's probhe came upon some children playing in the street. lems? Did he fail to participate in church activities

Among them was a twelveyear-old boy whose face for one cause or another? Did he not have the opstirred the painter's heart. It was the face of an portunity to obtain adequate formal schooling? Did

angel—a very dirty one, perhaps, but the face he keep company with somewhat questionable comhe needed. panions? In one or more of these learning situations

The artist took the child home with him, and day someone had failed to teach him in a personal, vital after day the boy sat patiently until the face of the way so as to make clear to him the challenge, the

Christ Child was finished. purpose, and the rewards for living a moral life.

But the painter failed to find a model for Judas. In this generation we rejoice at having the restored

For years, haunted by the fear that his masterpiece gospel to guide and inspire us as we strive to teach would remain unfinished, he continued his search. our youth these things in order that a similar tragedy

One afternoon in a tavern, the painter saw a gaunt may be averted.

and tattered figure stagger across the threshold and Everyone is a teacher! In our daily contact with

fall to the floor, begging for a glass of wine. The others, we exchange opinions, ideas, experiences, and

painter lifted him up and looked into a face that problems and, as such, we are consciously or unconstartled him. It seemed to bear the mark of every sciously applying the educational process to this

sin of mankind. normal routine of life—we help others to know, to do,

"Come with me,"the painter said, "I will give you and to get more out of living. Whoever will stop

wine, food, and clothing."Here at last was his model to review his educational experiences in the various

for Judas! For many days and parts of many nights, learning situations—the home, the church, the school,

the painter worked feverishly to complete his the community—will be impressed with the inmasterpiece. stantaneous and vivid manner in which certain

As the work went on, a change came over the teachers spring into memory. We may have difficulty

model. A strange tension replaced the stuporous in recalling the subjects which they taught or the

languor, and his bloodshot eyes were fixed with horror particulars of their teaching, but they continue to on the painted likeness of himself. One day, perinfluence us. They are like so many silent forces

ceiving his subject's agitation, the painter paused in leading our lives even to this day. The noted Amerihis work saying, "My son, I'd like to help you. What can historian, Henry Adams, said that "A teacher

troubles you so?"affects eternity; he can never tell where his influence

The model sobbed and buried his face in his hands. stops."(John T. Wahlquist, Teaching as the Direction

After a long moment he lifted pleading eyes to the of Activities, 1936, p. 3.)

old painter's face. However, religious education has a deeper moral

"Do you not remember me? Years ago I was your fiber than the mere exchange of ideas and experiences,

model for the Christ Child!"and affords the educator ( Continued on page 346

MAY 1962 323 Oliver Cowdery, pen in hand, listened intently to the voice coming through the curtain: "AndTHE it came to pass in the eighth year of the reign

of the judges, that the people of the church began to wax proud, because of their exceedingSAIDPROPHET riches, and their fine silks, and their finetwined linen."1

The voice was that of Joseph Smith, the

American Prophet. The words were his translation of part of the Book of Mormon, soon to

become one of the world's most controversial books. Oliver, the Prophet's scribe, heard other

startling claims about ancient American culture, such as possession of the horse and the wheel, which have since been vindicated. However, it

is still a prevalent assumption that the claim of silk in America, 84 BC, is a false claim, and that it was not possibly known in America before

Columbus. It is a universal assumption that

China alone possessed this textile at the date cited.

The Book of Mormon was printed in 1830, when North Americans knew little about the exploits of the Spanish in Mexico, or of Aztec or Mayan ruins, or of the traditions which the natives told to the Spanish padres. Most Americans first heard of the extent of these ruins in

1841, when the father of American archaeology published two volumes of his travels in that area. This was John Lloyd Stephens. An English historian of the silk industry was equally

ignorant of any history of silk in Central

America at the time the Book of Mormon was published.

In 1831 there was published in England a "Treatise on the Origin, Progressive Improvement and Present State of the Silk Manufacture."2

Almost a hundred pages of the treatise deals with the history of silk, and although it is a fact that Spain was active in that field and was in a position to initiate the industry in Mexico, had she so chosen, the volume makes no note of it, although it chronicles such efforts made in

America by the English.

This omission serves to illustrate that the

Englishspeaking peoples generally (and the

Vermontborn Prophet in particular) did not know, in 1830, that there had ever been silk produced in this hemisphere in ancient times or immediately after the conquest of Mexico.

The Book of Mormon boldly and confidently intrudes into a great dearth of acceptable knowledge, and with the position of divine authority

BY MAURICE W. CONNELL institutes itself above all historical omissions and

contrary opinions about a great variety of things, England tried to establish the industry in North silk included. America, particularly in Virginia, Georgia, and CaroThe omission of mention of Mexican silk in the lina. "Many parts of the southern states of America

treatise, of course, in no way initially binds us to an appear to be as well adapted for the cultivation of assumption that silk was not there at the time of the mulberry trees and the rearing of silkworms as the conquest or afterwards introduced by the Spaniards. European countries in which they are already sucInasmuch as early Spanish accounts mention the cessfully produced. It is said that the principal

possession of silk by the natives, an examination of difficulty... arose out of the circumstances of the

the available records is in order, so that we can see laboring population... who could not be made

if the weight of evidence is on the side of a Spanish sufficiently attentive and skillful in the management introduction of this commodity or on the side of of the business."6

prepossession by the natives. These quotations from the treatise (1831) indicate

According to popular history, the peculiar advanthat the technique of silkworm raising and silk manutages of silkworm cocoons was discovered by the facture (sericulture) had been successfully developed

Chinese, who monopolized the knowledge for many by the Europeans prior to the conquest of Mexico, centuries. Roman craving for this luxury, the story with a strong inference that any introduction of silk

goes, far exceeded the supply they were getting from into Mexico by the Spanish would be marked by the

China. The origin of the fiber was a mystery to the competitive impulse, which has always dominated

occidental world. In the reign of Justinian, however, the silk industry in Europe and Asia, and that such

two Nestorian monks discovered the secret while introduction of silk into Mexico would be implein China. "There, amidst their pious occupations, mented by the best techniques and resources

they viewed with a curious eye the common dress available.

of the Chinese, the manufactures of silk, and the England's policy gives a typical example. "James

myriads of silkworms.... They soon discovered that was likewise anxious to introduce the silkworms into

it was impractical to transplant the shortlived insect, his American colonies (1622) and several times urged but that in the eggs a numerous progeny might be the Virginia company to promote the cultivation of preserved, and multiplied in a distant climate. They mulberry trees and the breeding of silkworms."7 "In

observed with interest the labors of the little creature, the earliest infancy of the settlement of Georgia, in and strove to make themselves acquainted with all the year 1732, a piece of ground belonging to govthe manual arts employed in working up its producernment, was allotted as a nursery plantation for tions into so great a variety of fabrics."3 white mulberry trees, and the attention of some of

Returning to the West the monks communicated the settlers was soon engaged in rearing silkworms."8

their discovery to Justinian, who sponsored their A US Government Report, 1868, states that "Our return to China with a hollow cane in hand. Filled country is specially fitted for silk culture. The experiwith silkworm eggs, it proved an acceptable gift to ments in Georgia and South Carolina proved that the

Justinian in 555 AD. The newfound art quickly soil and climate were peculiarly suited to it."9 The

flourished, causing less importation from China. same report also says, "Like its vegetation, silk culture

A Chinese ambassador eventually discovered the in Equador can flourish the year round. The food

stolen industry. "The sight of silkworms, and the required by the worms is only half as much as in

establishments for manufacturing their produce, in Europe, because of the superior richness of the leaves,

Constantinople, were as unwelcome as unexpected; and the more favorable conditions of the climate....

but he concealed his mortification, and, with perhaps No doubt considerable portions of South America are an overstrained civility, acknowledged that the well adapted to this department of industry."10

Romans were already become as expert as the The English Society for the Encouragement of the

Chinese in the management of the worms, and the Arts "persevered for a series of years in offering manufacture of their silk."4 rewards for the production of silk in Great Britain

The treatise states that during the reign of Henry and her colonies, and discontinued this encourage-

V of England "Spain, as well as Italy, had at this ment only when all hope of accomplishing what time made considerable progress in the production appeared so desirable an object had ceased."11 The

and manufacture of silk. When Ferdinand V conEnglish colonists found less difficulty and more profit

quered Granada, and put an end to the Moorish in growing tobacco, which James abhorred.

power in Spain, he found there numerous establishMany readers will recall the famous "Tulip craze."

ments for the production of silken fabrics, which were America had its parallel in the raising of mulberry rivalled by others carried on in Murcia and Cordova."5 trees. According to the Scientific American, the craze

to promote silk was just as extreme, and just as abrupt is the cloth which is made in it, and is sent far and in its demise. "Silk worms were fed on the white near, and judged now to be as good as the cloth of

mulberry (Morus alba) until 1830, when there apSegovia, which is the best that is made in Spain, but peared the Chinese mulberry, or Morus multicaulis."12 now is not so much esteemed of nor sent so much

Shortly before this the US Secretary of Agriculture had from Spain by reason of the fine cloth which is made been directed to "prepare a manual on the growth and in this city of Puebla de los Angeles."17

manufacture of silk. This was issued in 1828.... Thus The phrase "judged now to be as good as the cloth

it was that a speculative furor seized upon all classes of Segovia"may indicate some Spanish industry in of people.... Not only agriculturalists, but doctors Mexico. Segovia was a leading textile center in Spain,

of divinity, law and medicine, scholars.... Every but the author has found no mention of silk industry

one thought the glorious day was dawning when each there. Spaniards in Mexico, whenever possible,

farm would be a nursery for the young trees, and avoided the heavy expense of importing goods. The

every house have its cocooneries and its silkwonns New World Guide to the Latin American Republics yielding two or more crops of cocoons yearly. The (1943) notes a town in the present state of Puebla

farmers'wives and daughters, when not feeding the which produces shawls made of silk, 18 but an inquiry worms, were to reel the silk which would become as to the Mexican Department of Agriculture has recheap as cotton."13 mained unanswered, so the origin of the silk used is

With such concentrated interest in America in silk, for the moment unknown to the author. Silk certainly

during the first years of the Mormon Church, the is not prominent in Mexico today. The only point the

Book of Mormon's claim that silk was successfully author wishes to draw here is that the Spaniards made produced in ancient America must have seemed comno unnecessary importations in Gage's day because of pletely ridiculous to the experts (if any took cogthe expense, and that silk was so readily obtained from nizance of the mention of silk in said book) especially native sources as to make importation impractical.

when the crash of the modern industry seemed to Gage reported that in one particular area the Spanindicate that it was not economically feasible here, ish merchants indeed obtain wares from Spain, such even under modern "enlightened"conditions. as were not obtainable from the natives, "wares from

There were mulberry trees and silk in Mexico in the Spain, such as wines, linen cloth, figs, raisins, olives, seventeenth century. According to Gage's testimony, and iron, though in these commodities they dare

"The third province of Mexico is called Michoacan... not venture too much as they are such as loath to

abounding in mulberry trees, silk, honey, wax...."14 open their purses to more than what may suffice

An American edition of Gage's autobiography was nature. So that the Spanish commodities are chiefly

published in New Jersey in 1758, and was also serialbrought for the friars who are the best and jovialest ized in the same year in the New American Magazine. blades of that country."19 Linen cloth was imported,

Gage had been the only nonSpaniard permitted to but not silk, which one source praises as ideally rich.

enter New Spain (Mexico) in the seventeenth century. Gage noted the clothing of the slaves of the Spanish

His account was recently published in modern English nobles, and silk was common to them. "The gentleas Thomas Gage's Travels in the New World. 15 men have their train of blackamoor slaves, some

"Beyond this town are the mountains called La a dozen, some half a dozen, waiting on them, in brave

Misteca, which abound with many rich and great and gallant liveries, heavy with gold and silver lace, towns, and do trade with the best silk that is in all with silk stockings on their black legs, and roses on that country."16 their feet, and swords by their sides."20

Observe that the trade is not with "the best silk The attire of the blackamoors and mulattos, other that has been imported from Spain to this country,"than the personal slaves of the rich Spanish nobles, but that the phrasing strongly intimates that it is a is an important matter to consider, for it is extremely native product, or at least produced in Mexico. Gage unlikely that the Spaniards would import silk for their

nowhere makes mention of the Spaniards importing benefit. They had other and cheaper articles to barter

silk or mulberry trees, nor does he observe breeding for the wealth of Mexico, and less costly means of sheds for the artificial breeding of silkworms or condepriving the natives and vulgar people of their temporary industrial standards for reeling and fashvaluables. They had no need to import expensive

ioning the cloth. Gage occasionally mentions imcommodities for the satisfaction of the Mexicans, the

portation of other cloth, but never silk. Rich Spanish blackamoors, and the mulatto segment of society.

goods, he explains, are for the benefit of the luxuryIn describing a market place where silk was loving padres and the nobles. sold, Gage had another opportunity to drop a comment

"Puebla... That which maketh it most famous about its importation, but {Continued on page 338)

326 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.***

-v tl

The Ghmrcri's Program For Trie

Did you know that every month more than six hundred After some informal discussion, a motion was made visually handicapped readers receive the Church by Elder James E. Talmage and seconded by Elder

Braille magazine free of charge? That more than a George Albert Smith that a society be incorporated

thousand receive a "Talking Book"magazine on "to publish literature for the blind, to aid in their phonograph records every three months? That various education, to endeavor to improve their condition,

LDS books including the standard works are available become interested in all that pertains to the welfare in Braille? Or that a special class for blind children of them, and to cooperate with others as opportunity

of preschool age is conducted at the Primary Chiloffers to work for these ends through education and dren's Hospital in Salt Lake City? All these activities legislation."A board of trustees was organized to

are part of the work of the Society for the Aid of the direct the society's work as follows: James E. Talmage,

Sightless, a Church organization headed by Joseph L. president, George Albert Smith, vicepresident, George

Wirthlin, former Presiding Bishop. M. Cannon, treasurer, and Sarah Whalen, secretary,

The Society for the Aid of the Sightless was organwith Edward H. Anderson, Nephi L. Morris, and

ized in 1904 under the direction of President Joseph Thomas Hull as members.

F. Smith at a special meeting called for the purpose. James E. Talmage served as president of the society

BY RICHARD O. COWAN

ASSISTANT PROFESSOR OF RELIGIOUS INSTRUCTION,

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

MAY 1962 327 until his death in 1933 when he was succeeded by by Richard L. Evans. The magazine also features music

George Albert Smith. Elder Joseph L. Wirthlin has by the Tabernacle Choir and Organ. Some of the

been serving as the third president of the society most interesting features have been personal intersince President Smith's death in 1951. The society views with such people as Richard L. Evans, Milton

is directed by a board of trustees which meets R. Hunter, Alexander Schreiner, and Sister Jessie

periodically to consider the problems of the blind Evans Smith. Other interviews have discussed the

and how best to meet them. Church missionary system, Temple Square, Welfare

One of the earliest tasks of the society was the Square, and the Joseph Smith home near Palmyra.

publication of Church literature in Braille; this project These Talking Book magazines can be played on any

was taken over by Elder Albert M. Talmage. In March 33/3 rpm record player or on the Talking Book ma1913, he inaugurated a monthly Braille periodical, chines provided free of charge by the US Government

The Messenger to the Sightless which made LDS relito the blind.

gious literature available to many blind readers. Elder Elder Jesse Anderson, who edits the magazine, is

Talmage continued to edit and print the magazine a person of varied interests and background. His musiuntil his retirement in 1953. He was succeeded by cal talent includes the ability to play the piano,

Elder Jesse Anderson. In paying tribute to Elder Talsaxophone, and trumpet. Elder Anderson has served

mage's work and to the early beginning of the Mesin several responsible positions. He has been a member

senger, Elder Anderson wrote: "This puts our Church of the legislature of both Idaho and Utah, and in

in the vanguard of religious organizations who dissem1958 was elected to the executive committee of the inate religious literature to the blind throughout the National Federation of the Blind. He has also been

world."active in Lions'Club programs for the blind and

When Jesse Anderson took over in September 1953, sight conservation. Elder Anderson's church assignit was decided to expand greatly the scope and the ments other than editing The New Messenger have

size of the publication and the new magazine was included serving as the stake special interest leader renamed The New Messenger which continues to be in the MIA and as instructor in his seventies'group.

published every month in Braille. In his first editorial, Elder Anderson reports that he and his wife, Edna,

Elder Anderson wrote that it was his purpose to "work as a team when it comes to ferreting out mapresent through the magazine "entertainment, enlightterial for both editions of the New Messenger. She

enment, and a better understanding of the gospel of reads to me from the various Church magazines as

Jesus Christ."The magazine contains features selected they are received, and I choose the articles and other

from The Improvement Era and from other Church features which I feel will be most interesting and publications, as well as original articles submitted helpful to our readers."In the case of the Braille

by its own readers. Furthermore, in conjunction with magazine, Sister Anderson reads the articles into a

The New Messenger, the Church publishes every year recorder; Jesse then edits and condenses them and

the Melchizedek Priesthood lessons, ward teachers, prepares the manuscript for the magazine. The Talkand Relief Society visiting teachers'messages, Relief ing Book magazine is prepared on tapes in the studios

Society theology lessons, lesson material for the Gosof Recording Arts in Salt Lake City. Both the Braille

pel Doctrine Class in Sunday School, and words and magazine and the Talking Book records are produced music for the practice hymns for the year. at the American Printing House for the Blind in

An outstanding step forward in the Church's proLouisville, Kentucky, and sent from there directly gram for the blind was taken in April, 1958, with the to the readers by mail. These magazines are sent free

introduction of The New Messenger Talking Book of charge to any interested blind person. Anyone,

Magazine. Each issue of this unusual periodical conwhether a member of the Church or not, who desires

sists of two LP records. This magazine, issued quarto receive the magazines, should send his name and

terly, is narrated by Rex Wallgren, a KCPX (Salt address to The Society for the Aid of the Sightless,

Lake City) announcer. In addition to the articles read 47 East South Temple Street, Salt Lake City 11, Utah.

by Elder Wallgren, the magazine presents recorded Although most of the readers live in the United talks by President David O. McKay and other GenStates and Canada, the circulation list is truly worlderal Authorities, including a number of sermonettes wide. A recent survey by the Presiding Bishop's Office

328 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

revealed readers in Africa, Australia, Brazil, Ceylon, These same books are also available at or below

China, Egypt, England, France, Germany, Holland, Incost to those who wish to purchase them for their dia, Indonesia, Iraq, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Korea, own libraries. The following is a list of available titles

Mexico, New Zealand, Norway, the Philippines, and prices: Book of Mormon, $19.60; Doctrine and

Samoa, Sweden, Pakistan, and Taiwan. Elder AnderCovenants, $10.80; Pearl of Great Price, $5.85;

son reports that the magazines are missionaries; a Articles of Faith by Talmage, $10.00; The Kingdom

convert who joined the Church as a result of reading of God Restored by Carter E. Grant, $15.00; Hymnthem stated that he was thrilled to find the truth. book (33 hymns, words and music), $1.35; Hymnbook

The society broadened the scope of its Braille work (222 hymns with words only), $5; An Introduction to

with the publication of the Book of Mormon in seven the Gospel by Lowell Bennion (no charge); Articles

Braille volumes in 1936. Since that time Doctrine of Faith cards (no charge).

and Covenants, Pearl of Great Price and other Church At the beginning of 1962 the Melchizedek Priestbooks in Braille have followed. These are sent free hood lessons, Teachings of the Book of Mormon, by

to all libraries requesting them. In 1957 the Book of William E. Berrett, were published in four Braille

Mormon was also issued on Talking Book records. volumes. At the same time, The Good Life, by Dr.

These books are all made available without charge Harvey Fletcher, the Gospel Doctrine Sunday School to libraries circulating books for the blind. They lesson for the year, appeared in recorded form on

may be borrowed from these libraries at no cost three longplaying discs. The Relief Society lessons

upon request by the blind reader, and are carried for 1961 are also on longplaying discs. These lesson

to and from his home by the US mail. Any library guides are available free of charge to any interested

desiring to add church books for the blind to its colblind person upon request. These should be ordered

lection should contact the Society for the Aid of the from the Society for the Aid of the Sightless.

Sightless. One of the most interesting phases of the society's

work has been pioneered by Sister Irene Jones. In the

fall of 1936 she was appointed by the Church to serve as a Home Teacher to visit blind men and women and teach them to read Braille, using the Book of

Mormon as an inspirational force.

Brother Wirthlin recognized the great need for preschool training for blind children; so in 1955 a special nursery class was begun at the Primary Children's

Hospital, and Sister Jones was asked to supervise the project. Blind children of any faith are admitted to

the class free of charge. Sister Jones, who has been

blind since the age of four, and thus has a sympathetic appreciation for the children's problems, directs the activities of the class. These activities are similar

to those that would be found in any nursery classgroup games, singing, etc. Sister Jones explained that

V /: * an important part of the training is helping the chil-

;\ dren develop selfconfidence and preparing for their V\ y later schooling. Association with other children is

an important factor in achieving this goal.

Brother Wirthlin is especially anxious that all blind members of the Church know what is available to.# them through the program of the Church. If you

know of any blind person who is not acquainted with this information, pass it on to him so that he can avail himself of the magazines, etc. if he desires.

MAY 1962 329 V \*f 1962 CHURCHY BASKET BY MONITOR NOYES DESERET NEWS STAFF WRITER

330 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA he scoring is over; the shouting has died down; but the memories of the

first combined AllChurch Basketball Tournament will live in the lives of the sixtyfour teams for many a year. Two teams will especially remember L...T the weeklong tournament at Church headquarters February 26March 2

—Ogden Twelfth, Mt. Ogden Stake, defeated USU Second Ward, 6462 in the senior championship game. Centerville Third, Davis Stake, took the junior title by outscoring West

Arcadia, Pasadena Stake, 4842. Both of the final games were close throughout the four

periods, with the scores seesawing back and forth many times.

Both 1962 AllChurch champions are repeating teams, having won the 1961 titles. This is

the first time a team in the junior division has repeated, and the second time such a feat has been accomplished two years in succession by a senior team. Back in 1936 the Ogden

Eighth Ward was the first to win two years in a row.

The 1,000 or more tournament players came from a wider scope of the Church than ever before. Teams represented Utah, Idaho, California, Arizona, Colorado, Ohio, Washington,

Montana, Nevada, Washington, DC, Canada, Mexico, Texas, Florida, and Missouri.

They were the cream of the crop which started final maturement last fall. It was then

throughout the 3,700 wards and branches they began in earnest to eye the AllChurch tournament and titles. The 38,000 or more participants had unconsciously began their journey to the tournament prior to the league play on stake basis last September. In the Church,

with thirtynine years of basketball experience, young men begin sharpening their shooting eye, developing wind and stamina earlier in life that they may be in at least a partial readiness for the advent of M Men basketball in their lives when they enter Mutual.

However, rich, poor, tall, and short, the husky and lean, newcomers and veterans, all pit their abilities one against another in the Church league. Of more importance than winning

is the fact that each player has equal opportunity to participate in development and growth, not only from the sport side but also in building his testimony through spiritualized basketball. This is considered by many as another great help toward preparing young men for

greater spiritual opportunities within the Church.

Four gyms were utilized for the great Church tournament with the finals played on Friday evening in the University of Utah Fieldhouse before a large crowd.

Third place in the senior division went to Olympia Second Ward, Puget Sound Stake;

fourth place, Mar Vista, Santa Monica Stake; fifth, Fairmont, Granite Stake; sixth, North

Hollywood, Burbank Stake.

Third place in the junior division went to Bonneville, Bonneville Stake; fourth, Logan

Eighth, Mt. Logan Stake; fifth, American Fork Ninth, Alpine Stake; sixth, Salt Lake Twenty-eighth, Riverside Stake.

Coveted sportsmanship trophies were presented to Blanding Third, San Juan [Utah] Stake, in the senior; and Rialto, San Bernardino [California] Stake in the junior.

Most valuable player awards ( gold watches ) were given by the Deseret NewsSalt Lake

Telegram to Doyle Boss, Centerville Third of the juniors, and Mike Sivulich, Ogden Twelfth, of the seniors.

Picked by the tournament committee to form allstars were seniors—Dick Rawlings, Mike

Sweet, USU Second; Sherrel Berrett, Ft. Wood, St. Louis Stake; Jerry Minson, Mar Vista;

MAY 1962 331

Floyd Millet ( far right), YMMIA athletic committee chairman presents trophies to players named to senior division allstar team. Final play was

held in U of U fieldhouse.

YMMIA general board member Malcolm LeSeuer presents junior division allstars trophies for tournament play. Tourney teams

came from fourteen states and District of Columbia.

Team members of the junior championship squad, Centerville Third, Davis ( Utah Stake, cluster around Morris Hansen of the YMMIA general board who presented team with winning trophy.

For the second consecutive year championship trophy for senior division play was presented to Ogden Twelfth, Mt.

Ogden (Utah) Stake.

Lester Hewlett makes award.

Coveted sportsmanship trophies went to

Blanding Third, San Juan ( Utah ) Stake, senior division, and Rialto, San Bernardino (Calif.) Stake, junior

division. Supt. Carl

Buehner made junior award.

Ted Smith, Mike Sivulich, Ogden Twelfth; Jim Rhead, chartered a plane to fly its two entrants, Ft. LauderTed Jordain, Olympia Second; Al Heimel, North Holdale of the junior division and Ft. Pierce in the senior.

lywood; Jim Rousey, Fairmont. Misfortune brought about mainly through adverse

Juniors—Lyle and Doyle Boss, Centerville Third; weather conditions experienced throughout most of

Steve Hunter, American Fork Ninth; Al Schmuhl, the country during the week forced the plane down

American Fork Tenth, Alpine Stake; John Yeates, Salt at Albuquerque, New Mexico. When the plane was

Lake Twentyeighth; Denny Cusick, W. Arcadia; Forfinally able to resume its flight, it developed engine

rest Fonnesbeck, Logan Eighth; Steve Christensen, trouble and was forced to return for repairs. During

West Arcadia; Ted Mason, Prescott; Gil Sanders, the interim players hopped to the tournament headBonneville. quarters via commercial flights. Both teams, however,

Especially noted was the great support given the lost to their opening foes, Ft. Pierce fiftysix to West

teams by their respective ward members. Miami Stake Jordan eightyfive, and Ft. Lauderdale fortynine to

332 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "IEValley View Second sixtyfive. Encouragement and backing for all teams was eviLocal and nearby teams brought large groups of dent by the presence of General Authorities, Presiward fans to lend voice support to their victory endent Henry D. Moyle of the First Presidency, plus

couragement. Cheerleaders were not only some of the many of the MIA general board members, both

older senior and junior high school girls but also YMMIA and YWMIA.

some pretty attractive youngsters, several of them only An interesting feature on the championship junior three or four years of age. game was the fact that West Arcadia held a telephone

Bishoprics, stake presidencies, high councilmen, line open to its meetinghouse in California. There

athletic directors, and women all brought encouragein the hall over the loud speaker system the playby- ment to their respective ward teams or division play broadcast was being given the members who representatives as the greatest of all Church sporting could not attend the tournament. For the final game

events progressed through the week. a plane plus several (Continued on page 360)

MAY 1962 333

I had to laugh the other day when Sister Despain called me. I had

been busy in another part of the house for an hour or so, and as

I walked through the house to where the phone is, I passed the bathroom....

My nice, neat bathroom was plastered—floor, tub, basin, cupboard

top and sides—everywhere, with wet, soggy, soapy newspaper. Joanne

and her little friend had been blowing bubbles through rolled up sheets of paper. They had dumped cups of soap powder into the

basin of water and were blowing bubbles with it, dripping soapy water all over and tossing the used papers when they became too limp to use.

With an exasperated gasp I went on out into the kitchen to find my newly waxed floor all littered and marked up with crayon shavings—the kind you get when you run crayons through a pencil sharpener!

Just before the phone rang, Janet and Donna had both let out a yell as someone knocked a vase to the floor, shattering the glass.

Well, I answered the phone, while mentally cleaning up the mess, and Sister Despain asked me to give a talk on the "Joys of Being a Mother."The joys of being a mother?

Seriously, there are many, and when we stop and move out away a little from the tediousness involved in rearing children and keeping a home, it is not hard to realize that the joys far outweigh all the rest.

The first real joy, of course, comes when we realize that we are going to be a mother. This happens not just the first time, but each

succeeding time, even if you have a dozen. The anticipation of

motherhood holds happiness that is unlike any other—the knowledge

that the love which you and your husband hold for each other is going to bear fruit, that you have within you the ability to create a body for a spirit child of God—what a blessing you have been given.

Then there is the thrill you feel when you know that your time is come. The waiting is over—you will at last hold your baby in your

arms! There is an almost unbelievable exultation and peace surrounding you after the birth of your child.

I have heard it said that a baby is a padlock on the chain of love, the magic spell by which God transforms a house into a home.

He is that which makes home happier, love stronger, patience greater, hands busier, nights longer, days shorter, purses lighter, clothes shabbier, the past forgotten, and the future brighter.

The joys of being a mother?

First, I would consider the joy of being married to a "father,"of seeing how the little ones can wrap him around their little fingers, of his strength with them, of the priesthood which he holds.

There is contentment in nursing one's children through their illnesses. What a satisfaction it is to be able to help them and comfort

them and to know that they look to you for this help and comfort.

There is the delight in taking your shiningfaced children to

Sunday School and in seeing the eagerness with which they receive the teachings of Jesus and in hearing their sweet, clear voices singing the lovely little hymns or of seeing our children kneeling in prayer.

BY LARUE M. SUDBURY

MAY 1962 There is so much appeal in the sight of a freshly ment you feel at how fast he has learned.

bathed baby all wrapped up in a towel, in the smoothThere is no glow of pleasure and pride quite like ness of his beautiful little body, and the fresh smell that which you feel when your child keeps at a diffiof him. cult task and sees it through, when he takes a job

In the squeals of delight of children playing outand is dependable about doing it. To see the de-

'. in the giggles of your nineyear- velopment of good, strong characters in your childrenside your window..

old girl as she whispers secrets to her friend.... is enough to gladden any heart. The peace of mind

In the look of pride on your twoyear-old's face as you can possess when you know you can trust your she hands you a shortstemmed bouquet of dandechildren to do the right thing at all times! To see

lions which she has carefully picked.... that your daughter is as sweet and pure as a newly

And oh! the cherubic sweetness on the face of your opened flower, having all the virtues that a child of

mischiefmaking threeyear-old when you go quietly God should, and that your sons, soon to be men, are into his room to see that he is covered as he sleeps, growing up to be truly worthy bearers of the priesthow that sight tugs at your heart. hood of God!

There is the unspeakable pleasure it gives you when And although we have not yet had the experience you catch a glimpse of your eldest son's profile of sending a son or daughter off on a mission or of silhouetted against a window in the chapel, and you seeing them go into the temple of God to be married, see how much he looks like his father. I can well imagine the joys to be felt here.

And the enjoyment you get from watching each It has been said, and often in jest to dismayed of your children develop as individuals—as different mothers of small children, "Relax and enjoy yourself,

as night and day. these are the happiest years of your life!"

The thrill of seeing your daughter turn almost over- I pray that we will have all the joy there is to be night from a flighty little girl to a lovely, serene, had in the raising of our children, that we will rise selfconfident young woman... of seeing how gently above the humdrum and the petty trials and make

she handles a baby and young children, and you it the uplifting, joyous experience it was meant to berealize she'll make some nice man a wonderful wife all the time.

some day. In motherhood and fatherhood, we find the closest

The pleasure you feel when your sixyear-old eagerthing to Godhood, which is indeed what we are all ly reads to you from his first reader. And the amazestriving to attain.

NOW LISTEN, BUILDER

BY LILITH LORRAINE

Now listen, builder, when yon raise my house Let there be bookshelves, deep and Biblewide,

On these bare rocks that only I would own, Let there be room for Shakespeare and Thoreau,

Build it of granite that no wild carouse And niches where the minor poets may hide

Of Thor can shift one beam or shake one stone; Ephemeral dreams that perished long ago.

That I may feel security at last And while I read let no sound reach my soul

As one whose wars are won, whose storms have passed. Except the oceans immemorial roll.

Let there be spacious rooms with flagstone floors, Place me a bearrug where my cat may lie

And tall, wide arches where the winds run wild. With my Great Dane beside a heartwarm hearth.

Let there be smooth stone tables, massive doors, Let everything be giantsize, for I

And my great couch with velvet cushions piled. Have lived too long with littleness on earth.

And let there be a fireplace tall as you, And frame a window opening to the sea,

Where one great log can burn the whole night through. Where I may gaze upon eternity.

336 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

kA r\<*

n

if.! 1 ***S&\

May 1962 Marion D. Hanks, Editor;

Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor

Marie M. Weilenmann Helen K. Richards, Frances G. Bennett

Council of the Twelve... former mission mother

of Northwestern States... long time MIA worker

in Washington D.C., and instigator of the famous

Washington Cotillion and charter director of Salt

Lake Cotillion... mother of two sons and daughters

and grandmother of eight.

Frances G. Bennett... daughter of President Heber

Winnifred C. Jardine Beverly Campbell J. Grant... wife of Utah's Senator Wallace F.

Bennett... President of the Congressional Club

composed of the wives of members of the United

States House and Senate, Cabinet, and Supreme

Court... Relief Society social science teacher...

talented musician... mother of five.

Winnifred C. Jardine... homemaker and home

economist... Food Editor, Deseret NewsSalt Lake

Telegram... consultant, author, lecturer... former

member of general YWMIA board and Tabernacle choir... lives in Colorado Springs, Colorado with

husband Stuart and four children.

Gordon Owen Carmen Boyden Beverly Campbell... mother of three children...

along with husband, owner and director of six

Classique Studios in Utah, Iowa, New Mexico, and arte M. Weilenmann... Arizona... authority on personal development.

wife of President Milton L. Gordon Owen... KSL "personality"... former

Weilenmann, currently premember of general YMMIA board... author... the over AlaskanCa- b siding thirtyfive year veteran in radio broadcasting...

... of six children nadian Mission mother

father of four children.

... former schoolteacher and American

Red Cross worker. Carmen Boyden... eighteenyear-old freshman at

the University of Utah... teaches Sunday School

Helen K. Richards... wife of Elder class... finalist in U of U oratory contest... yearFranklin D. Richards, Assistant to the book staff.

p t's the girl or boy who is calm when the which determines how effective we'll be in our punch is spilled, who doesn't stammer relationships with others at home, at school, at during introductions, who has confidence church, at work, and even at play. So, when all is

and poise (or acts like it!), who is the most said and done, it's foolish to toss aside the matter

fun to be with. Everybody enjoys the comfortof manners simply because the details seem too

able, secure, easy feeling which surrounds the involved. Remember that behind every rule is the

teen equipped with social knowhow. basic philosophy of treating other people exactly

The rules, the regulations, the whys and as you'd like to be treated yourself. Keep this

wherefores of etiquette can be troublesome, tireancient success secret always in mind, and then some, confusing, and frustrating all at the same bone up on the rules themselves. You'll be glad

time if you let them. Or they can be the buffer you did.

between you and the world. But whatever your And to help you be the nicest teen in your

attitude about rules as such, good manners do town we devote this Manual of Young Manners matter. They're the very thing about our way to you....

of life which marks us as a civilized people; The Editors

/ 1?

cattered through the large congregation listening to the (Sermon were many young people. Two earnest young

men had just reverently concluded their sacred service at the Sacrament table, and a dozen boys had taken their seats after having carried the emblems of Christ's sacrifice to those

I - in attendance. Testimonies of devo-

f tion appreciation been borne and had

I * i I 1 I i I f i I i 1 I * 1 1 I 1 if I I!

*ffnnfirffmTilnMi I I 1 (!! i 1 1 ) 1 All speakers. youthful through by two

< f f!I ( i I iMillv 1I i! I \ ';!.U!I it >'* H1 i II If I I 1I1 H1til1111 I 1 if 111 quiet, intense chapel there the was

a spirit of reverence and worshipandh J {, I Jni f Hi nl fulness.

lllllllllll III S I I * I I iI I f I I I 'I I i 1*1 *;;!|Ms All through the chapel except in

section, that is. corner in a one Back ill

J I i I 1 i I fI people I I1mmi 111! UI IS 1II!mM 1 (MI * 1 1 a paying were group 111! 'of young Ml! I*- I fill 1 f

periodically in attention beonly and innitin leaning, whispering and were tween si i I 1 1 --'to ii \ at writing looking on a book, a paper I: J I!

1 I and folding and passing it. The resulting disturbance, not severe enough 1J 111 other *Mm circumunder i be offensive Iff fi I t I 4 #1 J it lullIh,l/lryy=s\ f illI'"to lis i stances, corner every of the reached

chapel. There were annoyed and. if. Ml 11 fctMj H

Li accusing glances. For many, the spirit ijliwmii. of worship was seriously impaired.

The fourth member of the group was a stalwart young man who sat quietly, reverently, trying to concentrate on what was being said. It was

obvious that he was embarrassed by the thoughtlessness of the others who were not enjoying the wonderful spiritual experience they went to receive and might have had. Their

disrespectfulness to others and their irreverence before God were unmannerly and ungracious.

Good manners do not mean courtli-

o o

ness or exaggerated acts of deference. Manners

f fj "ij't"are a manifestation of good sense and good t—:-

breeding and consideration for others. They are

the "shadows of virtues...."They are an outward expression of what we believe to be

important, of our values. They reflect our attitude toward others; they show how we

really feel.

"A gentleman's manners do not camouflage his character, but reflect it."

There are so many opportunities to show by our conduct how we feel about our Heavenly

Father.

In participating in the Lord's Supper, in prayer, in service to his children, in teaching, in worshipping, we express our feelings for him.

When we are reverent and respectful during some sacred appointment we are being mannerly in the best possible sense, and showing our love for him in a way that is pleasing and acceptable to our Father in heaven. by Marion D. Hanks

"Manners are the shadoivs of virtues..."Smith

Suitable behavior for sacred places includes no cluttering lowering your voice, slowing your pace, stepno wiggling and giggling ping lightly rather sitting quietly, attentively, worshipfully boys removing head covering closing your eyes and bowing your head during girls guarding against clicking high heels all prayers dressing modestly, conservatively, inconspicjoining in an audible "Amen."

uously Suitable salutations for:

grooming carefully so that the breath is sweet Bishop... always Bishop So and So

and hands immaculately clean Counselor... Brother So and So

smiling pleasantly, greeting members warmly Stake Presidency... President So and So

no boistrousness YMMIA and Sunday School Superintendency...

no eating or chewing gum Superintendent So and So no combing of hair General Authority... Elder So and So or Brother

no clipping, cleaning, filing of nails So and So no repair of makeup, appraisal of dental work Women in positions of leadership are referred no noisy or distracting actions to as Sister So and So.

no knitting or rustling of papers hat's in a name? They can be friends, too, you know. Seek out

Did you ever call Sister Green the new convert, the new neighbor. They'll apSister Brown"? What about that preciate it—and so will you.

last fireside at your home... wasn't

your face a little pinkerthan-usual when you Introductions themselves are one of the most couldn't tell your mom the names of all the commonly used points of etiquette. They are

fellows and girls even though you had met them often awkward and a constant test of your before? What about the time you had to say composure.

"Hey, you"to get someone's attention? Has Who to whom? How to do it smoothly,

anyone ever called you by name with a friendly correctly?

greeting only to have it followed by a weak Remember to mention first the name of the "Hello"because you couldn't recall the name? person you wish to honor. Interpreted, this means

the woman's name before the man's; the older

Next time you are introduced to someone, rewoman's before the younger's; the guest of

spond by repeating his or her name. Say it over honor's name before all other guests.

in your mind several times for luck. Then introWhen being introduced, you respond by reduce your new acquaintance to another friend. peating the person's name to whom you are

This gives you another chance to use the name being introduced, such as, "How do you do, and commit it to memory. Linda."Meanwhile, try to file the name jn

a new crink in your brain to take out on a

While being introduced, don't worry about your future meeting.

tie being straight, hair combed, or skirt pressed. Don't say you can't remember names... no

Forget yourself—concentrate on the other one ever did until he really tried. You can do

person. almost anything you want to. So get busy! Make

your introductions, your "name calling"the best

Learn the names of older people in your ward in town.

or branch. Go out of your way to speak to them. by Carmen Boyden

nribciiaV.

3 ey, you, with your elbows on the Watch—never say or do anything that is antable, your chin cupped in your hands, noying, upsetting, or embarrassing to anyone,

and that faraway look in your eyes... like loud talking, pushing, interrupting, and

*ican you see into the future—the man showing off.

or woman you want to be, successful, poised, Watch—the little thoughtful things like saying,

loved, and admired? "please"and "thank you,"offering your seat to

It all seems to be pretty tied up to your "public an older person, standing when a lady comes into relations."And you'll find as time passes and the room, standing aside to let an older person

your circle of friends increases that more and pass, and listening respectfully while an older more adults are within that circle. person speaks—even if you are a little bored.

What is the best way to get along with them Watch—President McKay, President Moyle,

and be accepted by them? President Brown, and other leaders of the

Good manners, the kind based on a genuine Church. They set you a wonderful example of

desire to be kind, thoughtful, and considerate the kindness and thoughtfulness that is truly is the answer. the basis of social grace.

My mother taught me a "memory gem"when You do not arrive a poised, selfconfident,

I was a little girl; it's been a great help to me admired, and wellmannered person overnight.

"Politeness is to do and say, the kindest things You are building such a person day by day, in in the kindest way."everything you think and do and say.

Watch your manners by Helen K. Richards

/—p=> ost young people long to appear Concert in Constitution Hall. David Brown, a

to be sophisticated and to be older seventeenyear-old Salt Lake City boy was the than they are. There is nothing that soloist. We Utahns were proud of him, and also

L emphasizes youth and immaturity of the conduct of the youthful audience—no

quite so much as bad manners—especially in rattling of programs, no whispering during the

public places. performance, no shuffling around in seats, not

Not so long ago, my husband and I were asked even any late comers. They listened with rapt

to stand in a receiving line at a high school attention to each number but were quick with dance. We thought it might be fun to go to thunderous applause at the conclusion of each.

a high school dance again. It was. It was also I couldn't decide whether I was more proud

a revelation in manners. of David or of the audience.

Some of the students came down the line Good manners are nothing more than conchewing gum, and as they were introduced to us sideration and thoughtfulness for others. It is

they said "Hi."Some of the girls had even thoughtful to attend a theater or a symphony

kicked off their shoes and were in stocking feet. concert on time, to avoid rattling of programs,

These were the immature ones. whispering, shuffling around in seats. It annoys

The ones who really knew their way around others to eat popcorn or candy or to chew gum.

and could mingle in any crowd said politely, Why, when young people generally like to "How do you do?"extending a hand in greeting. appear sophisticated, do they so often end up

Another time, I attended a Symphony Youth being the opposite? by Frances G. Bennett

J* anners are important but mannerliness is more so.

People count more than the rules. The

ei,, -ra\Jmr...Sa surest test of a mannerly person comes

in the small daily occurrences that are governed not by what it says in the rule book, but by what it says in the heart. What is the kindest, most considerate

thing to do? Usually there isn't even time to ask

oneself the question. The action must be spontaneous.

It's wise, then, to learn the rules and to use them when called for. But boning up on basic Golden

Rule techniques will earn you more than a penny for your thoughtfulness. You'll earn the appreciation and friendship of those with whom

you mingle.

A mannerly person is careful. Borrowing

is hazardous business at best, but if you must do so, return the item promptly and in good condition. It's special to tuck in a humorous card, a candy

bar, or a brand new eraser, etc.

Driving has a unique responsibility attached to it.

Naturally a mannerly person (or any one with any sense) wouldn't run risks with others in the car.

Neither would he/she be rude or impatient; thoughtless with the horn; unconscious of drafts; inconsiderate of radio use.

Wet weather requires its own cautions. If you

are a guest and your coat is wet, turn it inside out before placing it someplace where it won't cause /V i* j*f*\ soil or damage (perhaps over the arm of a chair).

Leave your boots outside unless asked to bring them in. If you didn't wear any, take time to clean your

shoes carefully or you'll be embarrassed, indeed, when the dampness and dirt come off YOUR shoes onto the floor or carpet.

When using other's equipment (swimming pool, water skiis, games, furniture, boats, records and player etc.) be extra careful. Treat it better than

you would your own. If you spoil or break something you are obligated to pay for it. If the owner

sincerely refuses your offer, then see to it that

YMmmm you send a lovely gift to the home.

A mannerly person is a sympathetic

One. If a member of your friend's family dies or

is seriously ill, you'll want to express concern and friendship. A note, a small gift, or a food specialty

from your house is a warm way of keeping touch.

When you are selected to play the role of listening post (a twosome has broken up; a misunderstanding

among friends; trouble at home) play it well. Keep

the confidence. If there is truly something you can

do to help, do so as cleverly as you can.

i A mannerly person is helpful, when big sister has a date on her night to do dishes, you volunteer to take over. Bread cast upon the water

... you know! The teen who is quick to pick up,

clean up, and put away after a party or program, is a favorite in any circle—church, school, or home.

Anyone who pitches in to put up or put down chairs, tables, decorations, banners, posters, scenery or whatever without having to be told or without expecting a medal or something in return is one of the choice folk of the earth. When it's your turn

to be chairman of something you'll understand why.

A mannerly person gives credit where

Credit is due. You'll want to send a congratulatory card or note when your friend earns his Duty

to God or Eagle Scout award; her Golden Gleaner

or is elected Prom queen; wins a scholarship or

rates raves for a recital.

A prompt thankyou letter is appreciated all the more by your weekend host or hostess when you fill it full of memories of the time spent there. Refer

to the good food, the view, the comfy bed, the good spirit in the home, the thrill of seeing a certain historic sight, or the fun of the special picnic in your honor.

When a Seminary class or an MIA gathering has been particularly memorable let the teacher or leader know about it. Thanks is about their only pay.

Take time out to express appreciation to the special speaker. Surprise someone who has helped you

with your homework, knitting, auto mechanics, water skiing, or personal problems with a single flower, a mug full of sharpened pencils, a batch of cookies, a basket of popped corn, or a turn at tottending or lawn cutting. By Elaine Cannon

W>{ f=Y*V rpissionaries, to devote full power to the Lord's work,

K \ II expedite the care of your clothes and apartment. To

fit of Spirit apartment for the to dwell keep your God Yy: sJlaSJr'to pass (and a visit therein from E) the S

Make your bed as soon as you jump out of it at 6:00 am.

Put books and personal articles away in their places.

Wash dishes immediately after each meal.

Leave the bathroom tidy and sparkling after each use.

Hang up clothes as they are taken off.

Thoroughly clean premises each week.

Put your LOVE into ACTION. Should President and Sister McKay

enter the room, you'd leap to your feet eagerly showing every consideration to convey your respect and love. It is your challenge

to extend to every person you meet this warm glow of being respected and loved. Show that you care enough to be your

very best:

Be very reverent in chapels.

Enter each home respectfully—leave a blessing there.

Use fine table manners whether it's a companionable twosome or family meal or branch dinner.

Speak distinctly, enthusiastically, graciously on the phone or face to face.

Show an interest in children and youth that brings out the very best in them.

Put others first—getting into cars, entering buildings, passing food.

"The thing that first attracted me to the Church was the clean happy look of the elders (or LM's)!"is a tribute frequently

expressed by new converts.

This cleanliness begins with:

daily shower or bath weekly shampoo and becomingly groomed hair sparkling brushed teeth clean nails and hands clean, pressed clothes shoes that are wellshined and cared for.

Eating simple, nutritious to bed early and getting meals—going up early—working harder than you ever have worked in your life

also help to produce that missionary glow. Your eyes shine and

look directly into the eyes of the world. Your smile radiates

joy and love and appears frequently. You carry yourself erectly

jubilant to be engaged in the most joyful work in the world.

Being on very good terms with God helps you to be on very good terms with your fellow men. People will know that you have

prayed first. They will appreciate that:

You have a buoyancy of spirit that keeps high not only your spirit but the spirit of others around you.

You extend love and express it by planning and working with and helping your companion, cooperating with members, teaching investigators.

You look for and rejoice in the good qualities You work as part of a team, minimizing selfin people. glory. You live by the handbook—follow instrucYou speak wisely by passing your thoughts tions—do all that is asked of you—and muchthrough this test before they are spoken—more because you want to use all your particular

Is it kind? talents—all your power in this great work

Is it true? you love.

Is it necessary? by Marie M. Weilenmann

oung men sometimes assume that "manners"is a name given to a set of

Victorian customs that have long since gone out of vogue. It is worth noting

that your manners have a direct bearing on your success today as in any age of time. For

a young man seeking to make a mark in the world, it is especially important to know how to get along with people well and how to behave properly in social situations.

It is not justifiable to say, "I am the way I am, and there is no use trying to change me."

You are exactly what your manners show you to be, but you are not just what nature made you in the beginning. You are what circumstance,

environment, and your own application (or lack of it) of good rules of conduct have made you.

Not many young men would knowingly flaunt the accepted rules of gentlemanly conduct, if they understood the importance of good etiquette. But in this case, as in many others, sidered as a room. Any place else the elevator

ignorance of the law is no excuse. It behooves is considered to be part of the hallway, and it

the boy to find out what is nice and correct to isn't necessary to remove your hat. Remember

do at all times so that he won't unknowingly to uncover your head (removing hat or parka overlook some of the smaller but* equally imor cap or whatever) whenever you enter a home, portant aetions that should be observed. church, private business office, or when eating.

You tip your hat upon greeting and leaving

Your Voice a lady or girl.

You were given a voice to communicate ideas and thoughts to others. You may not make all Your Girl

of your words tremendously important, but you The girl you are with is entitled to protection can watch the language you use, improve your and attention. This is the role of a gentleman.

voice, and vow never to say anything to bring You do not take her to questionable or unsafe injury to anyone. Loud talk on buses or in public places nor expose her to disturbing conditions

places only brings embarrassment to your comor careless company or driving. You do not

panions and draws unfavorable attention your demand a display of affection as thanks for way. Swearing shows a lack of selfcontrol and your company nor do you expect her to be cozy

a poor vocabulary! It is extremely bad taste to any degree in church or public places. You

to do so in the presence of a girl, for it indicates help her with her coat, open doors, carry packyou have little respect for her. ages, assist her in getting comfortably seated,

and do anything else you can to make her time

Your Hands with you easy, smooth, and pleasant.

Scrupulously clean hands and nails are the Remember your role as "protector,"and you'll mark of an intelligent person. This must never remember to precede her down dark aisles,

be ignored. Sometimes work makes it difficult through crowds, rough paths, slippery walks,

to keep them clean, but it can be done. Clipping steep grades. If there is an usher or guide, then

your nails with that fancy clipper may be a you follow her, and she follows the leader.

relief to boredom during church or class, but Girls may be more selfreliant than their it is annoying to others. Save nail cleaning and grandmothers, but that's no reason for you to

paring for the privacy of your own room. treat them as if they were boys! Don't honk for

A boy shakes hands with other boys when a girl. Knock at the door when picking her up

being introduced. He offers his hand immefor a date. Stand when she enters or exits

diately. He does not shake hands with a girl (unless she is Jiostess and pops in and out freunless she should put her hand out to do so, quently!) and be sure to look directly and warmthen he should take it. A boy shouldn't offer ly at her parents when meeting them. They

his hand first to an older man, either. deserve the same gracious deference that is due

anyone who is your senior.

Your Hat Learn the rules. Make them a natural part

Hats off in elevators is the rule only in hotels of your behavior. It's important to be yourself,

or when the elevator isn't crowded and there but be your BEST self.

are ladies present. A hotel elevator is conby Gordon Owen

WF* t's the privilege of every girl to be a thing of beauty—lovely to look at, delightful to

know, and pleasant to be around. You,

\=3> too, can be this if you are willing to put forth proper effort to acquire the skill If you wouldn't play a piano solo or give a reading without study and practice, then please don't expect to "bluff"your way through the niceties of everyday living. They are so much more important than the solo.

And what are the niceties of everyday living?

They begin with the basic rules of etiquette and end with your innate kindness and appreciation of the sensibilities of others.

Expect the boy you are dating to be a room. If you don't know where it is, ask the

gentleman. A boy will be anything you will waitress or hostess. Say to your escort "Would

have him be. You set the mood and the tempo you excuse me a moment?"and be sure you make

he only follows suit. it only a moment. No fellow likes to wait alone

Coats: He will help you on with it if you while his date spends twenty minutes in the

indicate you expect him to by handing it to powder room.

him. Straight, please. A complicated coat could Telephones: A "couldn't live without"comcome back to you upside down if you didn't modity to a teenage girl... a horror to her

hand it to him from the top center neck seam, father... is too often misused by girls. If it's

and it wouldn't be his fault. Walk over to your going to be a "social hour"call and not just

date, hand your coat to him correctly and say a quick business call, make your phone connec- "Would you help me with my coat, please?"tions after nine when others will not be so in-

A fellow isn't always sure what is expected clined to need the phone, and your parents won't of him, and rather than appear ineffective or be expecting calls. Of course, a truly socially

awkward he will do nothing—so help him a polite person would not take more than fifteen

little. minutes at any time for a phone call.

Doors: He will open them if you'll let him. Always identify yourself when calling—even

Step to the casement side of the door, nearest if it is your best friend. Don't automatically asthe knob and wait. That way he won't have to sume the party you are calling has no one else

ask you to move in order to open the door. who calls but you, and nothing else in the world

Car doors: When getting into the automobile, to do but talk to you. When you call, it is nice

step back enough to give your date room to open to inquire if they have a moment to talk with the door—then sit over a little in the seat so you you now.

aren't too close to the door. When he gets out, Be accurate in taking messages for others

don't immediately slide over to your door or he and follow through on delivering them.

won't be sure you are going to wait for him to Hands: Hands can be lovely or a problem. A

help and will generally let you help yourself. lady uses hers carefully and gracefully and

"there—he'll(Avoiding embarrassmentopen the door.youThenknow.)reachJustyoursit properly.clean, and Sheshe removeswears glovesthem whento keepsheheris eating.hands

hand out for a gentlemanly helping hand, slide She needn't take them off to shake hands with over, and step out of the car. (Always reward someone. A girl only shakes hands when she

his efforts with a sparkling smile.) particularly feels like it. Then she offers her

Being on time: Be ready for a date at the hand first. However, to avoid making another

specified time. It's always nice to take two or feel awkward, she should accept a man's hand

three minutes so he'll have an opportunity to if he puts his out first.

speak briefly with your parents and allow you A girl stands when an elderly person or someto make your grand entrance. But think how one of real importance or a guest of honor comes

you would feel trying to make conversation with into her presence.

two adults who may not feel you're good enough So you see being wellmannered isn't so diffifor their daughter and let your conscience be cult. It means doing the nicest thing in the

your guide. nicest way. It's being kind, having a respect for

Restaurants: You follow the host or hostess self and for others. It's being ruled by the

to your table. If there isn't one, you follow your knowledge that all things which are irritating

escort. Stand beside the chair the hostess indiand upsetting to those around you are in

cates to you. Your escort will help you be seated. bad taste.

Ordering: If he doesn't suggest something, And if you should find yourself in a situation

ask what he would suggest. If ordering a dinner, for which you haven't learned the rules, don't

be sure to tell him what you wish to have before panic. Take a deep breath, look around, decide

the waitress returns. If you wait until the waiton the most gracious and pleasant way of

ress comes, you will find yourself involved in handling the situation, and do it; for if you

a threeway conversation that is very embarrasscombine the basic rules of etiquette with warmth, ing, and finally the boy will let you do your a genuine interest in your fellow man, a wonderown ordering. ful feeling of the goodness of life, and a sparkle

You may apply lipstick after the meal if you in your eye, you will be assured of the wealth do so quickly and quietly. No mirrors, brushes, of the Indies—for you are carrying that great

etc! Anything more must be done in the powder wealth within you.

by Beverly Campbell

chewing with closed mouth)—whether it

be celery, steak, soup, or chips. Drink

quietly, too; no gulping.

All food should be kept on the plate, never set onto the cloth. The same applies to

eating utensils that have been used.

Someone has made the effort to prepare a meal. Be appreciative and if possible eat

at least part of it. Do not ask for substitutions or changes. If you cannot eat

it, a simple "No, thank you"is sufficient.

No need for long explanations of diets, dislikes, or disagreements.

Restrain Yourself

You may be starving, but don't let it show. Wait until food is passed to you,

then wait until every one is served before eat. hostess or host beginning to (The \ first.) eat signal to starting will give the by HMn it

Though you're in a hurry, no shoveling in of food. Eat slowly and quietly. If

you must leave early, excuse yourself unobtrusively and depart.

Keep hands in lap except when using themmHHCu to eat. Do not play with silver or glassware. No elbows on table while you are

eating please. Purses, gloves, and other

foreign objects should find no place on a dinner table.

Golden Tips on Silverware Which eating utensil to use? Watch

our refinement shows up when your host or hostess and use the same you sit down to eat. Although piece he/she does. Generally, work in

wellmannered otherwise, you'll from the outside if there is quite an array slide down the scale of good of silver at the side of your plate.

behavior if table manners aren't impecHold silverware correctly. When cutting

cable. Home is the best place to learn meat, for instance, hold knife and fork so

and practice, then you can be at ease that tines of fork and blade of knife seem wherever you are. to be an extension of the index fingers,

keeping hands well back on the handles.

Cut only one or two bites at a time.

Be Thoughtful When through eating, arrange utensils

Young men, always help to seat the together in center of plate with handles young lady or woman nearest you. This together; thus there's no danger of their

means your sister or mother, too. Then falling as they're removed from the table.

you'll be smooth at helping a date or a Spoons are always rested on underlying mission mother when the time comes. plate rather than in cups, soup dishes, or

Never, NEVER tip back on your chair. sherbet glasses.

That chair may be precious to some one. "Thank you"and "Please"should be in

Do not talk with food in your mouth, and frequent use at any dinner table. And

definitely keep the conversation pleasant. how nice at the end of a meal to express

No eating noises, please. Eat quietly (by appreciation for the food provided

by Winnifred C. Jardine

ad.-mwm

Editor's Note:

// your manners at home are good, they will be elsewhere. Operating on the premise that every home should be a little bit of heaven on

earth, the members of Holladay Stake, under the direction of Keith Brown, drafted this Code of Behavior for Parent and Youth. We share it with

you as a guide and inspiration in your own home life

I. To respect each other's opinions, possessions, and persons

YOUTH: This means to ask before wearing Dad's new tie, or Mom's perfume.

parents: This means not to explode if your children need the car more than once a week.

II. To practise unselfishness and consideration::

youth: To exercise moderation of habits—coming in from a date quietly and on time; your

parents need the sleep whether you do or not.

parents: Patience and tolerance—school pep rallies are relatively as important as Relief

Society bazaars.

III. To learn the act of communication with each other:

youth: Spreading it out so part of your communication is with your parents instead of on

the telephone.

parents: Encouraging the act of confiding, even to the extent of listening to the description

of the dreamboat after the date.

IV. To recognize the importance of spiritual ideals, attitudes, and habits:

YOUTH: Those MIA leaders may actually prefer to be home with their families instead of

coaxing you to participate in church activities. Give it a like it! try—you'll

parents: Example is a word we all detest, but it never fails to work.

remember—Life is a labor of love.

These Times has published the Current Digest of On the interesting front of the rise ( Continued from page 300 the Soviet Press for three years, and fall of democratic tendencies in financed by the Rockefeller Foundaearly twentiethcentury Russia, the each from the constituent societies, tion. Agencies of the United States council is supporting an interuni-

a board of sixteen directors, and an government make annual purchases versity project on the history of executive staff including a president from the publication's research servMenshevism. A joint committee on

and executive associates. ice of the council. This service American native languages pubDuring the past four years, the currently produces about 13,500 lishes the new International Journal

council has provided ten prizes of pages of Soviet materials and 48,000 of American Linguistics. This com-

$10,000 annually for distinguished pages of east European materials mittee is concerned with field rescholars in the humanities. This is annually. search in American Indian languages.

one means taken to encourage the The council's committee on lanBy encouraging support of this development of rich and fruitful guage programs involves some of the research, many valuable clues to ideas in a field not especially submore interesting projects. A single America before the white man may

sidized by government as is the case example is the UralicAltaic project. be captured and recorded.

with science. Some eightyfour research projects Among the projects awarded to

The council is concerned with enare listed, twentynine of which have Fellows of the ACLS for 196162 couraging advanced education. The been completed. Among those comwere the following: a professor of

fact that in 1954 forty percent of pleted are studies in the structure religion at the Claremont Graduate

America's college and university School in California received funds faculties held Ph.D. degrees wherefor a study and publication of

as twentyfive percent of the persons receiving new faculty appointments COLOR SCHEME FOR MAY Ezekiel's Scroll. A sociology proin 196061 had equivalent training BY ETHEL JACOBSON fessor at Columbia received a grant

is a statistic in point. So, in addito study the theory of motivation in

tion to the recent prizes of $10,000 Gay yellow butterflies the seventeenth century—the century

each, the council does a great deal Everywhere I look, in which many were "motivated"to to encourage intellectual activity in Deep purple violets come to America. A professor of

the fields of its interest. It awards By the blue brook, classics at NYU received a grant to

fellowships, grantsin-aid, and makes Cloudwhite blossoms study the extension of ancient settleother benefits, including occasional On an emerald tree—ments in Israel. A professor of lanforeign travel, to qualified scholars And a rosepink baby guages at Johns Hopkins was

who submit proposals, the merits of That belongs to me! awarded funds to study the history

which are judged on a competitive of the Vernacular Bible in Spain. A

basis. professor of music at the University

A brief review of sample proof Kalmyk, a Korean Literary of Chicago will study published posals earning this kind of private Reader, a basic course in Azerbaijani, music down to the year 1600. Others

support for 196162 gives insight in- a report on Hungarian and Finnish will study the role of taxation in the to what is going on in the world of teaching materials, an introduction new Central African Republics. An

ideas and what may be expected in to Estonian, a central Asiatic handatlas of contemporary China will be the future. book, a Mongolian reader, converprepared, the legal systemof comSeven grants were made for resational Mongolian, and a grammar munist China (to be done in Hong

search concerned with Africa south of formal written Chuvash. Kong), the Mexican Revolution and

of the Sahara. Eighteen grants The most inclusive record of the Catholic Church 19101929,

were made for research in Asia and Americans who have lived and perchanges in the village committees

Asiatic studies. A new Committee formed distinguished service is of Pakistan, the political role of the

on Contemporary China works found in the Dictionary of American Soviet Union's new scientists, engistrenuously to translate into English Biography. No living persons are neers, and managers, and so forth

contemporary materials on China. included in this important scholarly will be investigated.

During the year, fortyeight libraries work. During the past year, a comIn the Fredrick Burkwords of of prethe council began such mittee 22,000 pages ofreceived some

of president the council: liminary work on atranslations. and hardt, studies new LatinAmerican

of are the general "These some of supplementary the volume for DAB. been encouragedhave a number scholarly the needs to which ACLS will of perbiographies containof years. for reThis awards Twelve

it its will as attention seeks devote sons 19411950. died currentlysearch who were made. Nine

to in scholarship humanistic advance repositories of the significant forgrants One studies the were on made years ahead."the of in to information be found East; Rome andNear twentytwo Middle

awards were made for Slavic and is the Archives of the Society for the The work of developing knowleast European studies, including inPropagation of the Faith. In 1960 edge, new ideas, refurbishing and

vestigations of the Soviet economy, the ACLS made a grant to its Amerpolishing old ideas, is long, tedious, the direction and impact of Soviet ican committee for Irish studies to and difficult work. What good does

growth, teaching, and research in the begin the task of microfilming all it do? The answer may well be

Soviet economics, and so forth. English language, Scotch, and Irish found in astronaut John Glenn's

Further to assist American policy material to be found in these quotation from Benjamin Franklin:

makers and to increase the amount archives. This filming began in the "What good is an idea? What good

of reliable information, the council early summer of 1961. is a new baby?"

MAY 1962 337 The Prophet said "Silk"The mention of a coif (headdress) is made from the ground bodies of bound over with a "network of silk an insect raised on a particular type (Continued from page 326) bound with fair silk"indicates deof cactus. The Mexicans evidently

grees of crudity in the native matetook silk and cochineal equally for rial, or variant quality. This is in granted, but the Spaniards quickly

again he is conspicuously silent. The accord with the quotation previously capitalized on the dyestuff. "In

Spaniards and the common people given: "Beyond this town are the this province of Zoques, the towns

were equally enjoying the silk of mountains called La Misteca, which are not very big, yet they be very

Mexico, and the former evidently satabound with many rich and great rich. The chief commodities are

isfied enough with its somewhat towns, and do trade with the best silk and cochineal; whereof the latter

poorer quality to the extent that silk that is in all that country."is held the best of America, and the

importation of a slightly better qualThe Spaniards found more novelty store of it is so great that no one ity would be needless extravagance. in a dyestuff called cochineal, which province alone exceeds it. There

are few Indians who have not their own orchards planted with the trees whereon breed the worms which yield unto us that rich commodity.

Not that the Indians themselves esteem it, save they see the Spaniards

Domestic diplomacy greedypreservationafter it,of forcingit in themthose topartsthe which have proved most successful for this kind. 21 There is a great store

RICHARD L. EVANS of silk in this country, in so much

that the Indians make it their great commodity to employ their wives in talk or a would today moment two about We what all colors towels working with of called could be "domestic diplomacy."In many silk, the Spaniards which and buy places, ingratiating people are as policy. THE of a matter

is It into Spain. rare to send see SPOKEN relations, Public socalled, to imhave be come WORD these will Indian works what women to portant individuals organizations—the imand

silk, in as serve such might make pression, the in which, with image minds, other are inseparably we for patterns to samplers and many associated. Merchants, manufacturers, professional men, and many 22 in schoolmistresses England."others learn is the of this these impressions. importance All readily

recognized in many relationships in life. And it would seem that it In all the editions which have been

should also be as readily recognized—or more so—with those we made of Gage's autobiography, some

love and live with—at home, in the closest of all associations, with errors in copy could have been made.

those who mean the most. Sometimes we well would ask ourselves The text presently quoted is from

what it would be like not to be able to go home? Not to have a the Spanish edition, published in

sense of belonging? Not to have a place in the family circle? Not Paris in 1808. Gage's reference to

to know that there are some who share our sorrows and successes, "trees whereon they breed the or who sense a personal responsibility, as if we were personally a worms"might possibly refer to silkpart of them. And are not these who belong to us, and to whom worms, and not cochineal. In the

we belong—are not they entitled to see the better side of ourselves absence of references to breeding

—not the most formal side perhaps, but the most understanding and sheds, etc., we must suspect that the

considerate side—to hear our thanks, to know of our interest, to Mexicans were indeed using the

share confidences, to give and take, to be accommodated even at poorer Chinese method of letting our own inconvenience, to see us groomed and pleasant and prethe worms breed on the trees. This

sentable; to receive pleasant replies, and to know, to hear, to feel is in accord with the editor's footour gratitude and love and loyalty? There is no greater blessing note which states, "Cultivated silk

God has given than that of belonging to a loving and loyal family, was unknown in America before the of having a home, a place where we are welcome, understood, a coming of the Spaniards, although place where we are free to express ourselves, where our opinions there is a little evidence that the are respected, where we are free from fear of being improperly Indians may have made a limited repeated; a place where all our interests are sincerely considered use of a wild variety."23

and served. Surely such a place deserves the best of all we have, Gage occasionally mentions "ordeserves to see and hear the better side of ourselves, and deserves chards"and "gardens,"but leaves

to receive from us a fair share of service in all the thousand things them undefined. We must judge

it takes to Keep it going—deserves our consideration, our apprefor ourselves what he means by

ciation, our help, and a faithful, pleasant performance of our part. a "tree."The cochineal cactus

"God bless our home"was the motto that once appeared on many (Coccus cacti) is indeed as tall as walls. And he will bless it, and us, if we bless each other, and a moderate tree, yet elsewhere Gage

serve and live and share in love and loyalty. Home is, or can be, is specific where "woody"timber is

should be, the nearest thing we have to a heaven on earth. observed. "Others that will sow a

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the new and woody piece of land, cause

Columbia Broadcasting System, February 4, 1962. Copyright 1962. the trees, though timber trees, to be

338 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA cut down, and sell not a stick of that found here which are not accountinto Arizona."27 The Philosamia

wood... though in England it would able by modern importation. The cynthia, on the other hand, is found

yield a thousand pounds."24 This Samia cecropia, Callosamia promeon both hemispheres, having been

would seem to nullify the thought thea, Telea polyphemus, Automeris brought to America in the 1860's.

that the "trees whereon they breed io, or the South American RothschilIt seems at first glance that we are the worms"is a reference to muldia aurota (former subject of futile limited to the native varieties of silkberry trees and silkworms, but it commercial interest) are not found worms in attempting to identify the does not affect my theme otherwise. in the other hemisphere. The latter Nephite insect. However, it should

Gage was definitely emphatic about genus "has a number of beautiful be pointed out that some authorities "mulberry trees, silk,"in Michoacan! species. Its members range from maintain that the Chinese silkworm

In Joseph Smith's day, while the northern South America into the (Bombyx mori) is so domesticated

American silkworm craze was going southern United States. Rothschildia that it would perish under unsuperon, William Hickling Prescott began orizaba and jorcella come northward vised conditions. This would lend

his study of Spanish history. Eventually he tackled the subject of

the conquest of Mexico, and hired

Spanish scholars to search through their archives to furnish his material.

Several references to the use of silk by the natives of Mexico were Thus spoke Abraham Lincoln among the great mass of material he received. Prescott read of vast native libraries, containing books givRICHARD L. EVANS

ing the religious and secular history of Mexico's past. When the padres There is much said concerning Lincoln—but not too

learned of the Christian parallels much for so sincerely great a subject. He was one

therein, they had made haste to deTHE of the great among a long list of now immortal to some of his great qualities of character,stroy these libraries, and huge bonWORDSPOKEN men. As

fires signalized their misplaced zeal. these were among the many—love, courage, integThese books had definitely been of rity, humility—and there is no> real greatness without any of these.

preColumbian manufacture, and it As he visited fallen Richmond but a few days before he died, some is of paramount significance that silk whose cause he had served, bowed down to him, and some fell at was occasionally used in their conhis feet. "This is not right,"he said. "You must kneel to God only,

I will enjoy. hereafter for the liberty thank and him you am butstruction. manuscripts were "Their

..."God's 1 In Douglas instrument. with a debate humble Judge cotmaterials,—of of differentmade

ton cloth, or skins nicely prepared; he said: "... Our defense is in the spirit 'which prizes liberty as

of a composition of silk and gum; the heritage of all men in all lands everywhere. Destroy this spirit

but for the most part, of a fine fabric and you will have planted the seeds of despotism at your own doors.

from the leaves of the aloe."25... Whether it is right or wrong to trample on the rights of others

eternal struggle issue real the two—that is the between—the of the author Native Bancroft,

2 This, of right the world."he throughout and. wrong.. of also availing himselfRaces, dusty principles

Spanish archives of writings of the said in an appraisal of the dignity of people: "It is difficult to make a

is feels of claims himself while he he miserable and worthy man era, a description foundConquest 3 said, to the This, to him."great he the kindred made God who Indian anof a garment by worn

life: rashness, his of with for but nation "Beware he which gave ". it ispriest—the neck around."4 ".... devoutly vigilance sleepless go forward energy and

silk, as in.. with coarseembroidered

.. all affairs in of nations. the '5 recognizing and. Almighty men God 2Tehuantepec."

their is of to as as well dependof the nations... It duty. own men

With Spain having cultivated silk, ence upon the overruling power of God, to confess their sins and what purpose would have been transgression in humble sorrow... and to recognize the sublime

served in introducing poorer standtruth... that 'those nations only are blessed whose God is the

ards to Mexico, and in buying Lord.'... It behooves us then, to humble ourselves... and to

articles of coarse silk afterwards, to pray for clemency and forgiveness.... All this being done in

send to Spain? Why buy inferior sincerity and truth,... that the united cry of the nation will be

silk, unless as a curiosity to send heard on high....""Thus spoke Abraham Lincoln, who lived and

home, "towels in all colors of silk"? died with this prayer and this purpose: "... that this nation under

the inevitable with are facedWe birth of freedom and have a new God shall 1 that the nativesconclusion bless earth."'and.. ever. shallpreservenot perishin the his memory,... of Mexfrom God

ico, at the time of the Conquest, righteousness the nation for which he was made a martyr.

possessed silk of an uncultivated ijim Shot. Lincoln Bishop, Was The Day rich neverthelessquality which was

Debates. this of "baser sortenough to a Deputation to make of Colored Men, August 14, 1862. on Colonization:!-'LincolnDouglasAddress

people"enticingly dressed. 4Letter"'Excerptsto fromMajorGeneralProclamation,JosephMarchHooker,30, 1863.January 26, 1863.

Could Lehi have brought silk- "Gettysburg Address.

worms to America? No silkworms "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

native to Europe or Asia have been Columbia Broadcasting System, February 11, 1962. Copyright 1962.

MAY 1962 339

credence to the suggestion that Romans long [italics the author's] the Greeks or Persians a fundamental a cultivated Nephite species, brought before the introduction, about AD understanding of the utility of the to America, could have perished 550, of the Chinese silkworm. Its cocoon, and brought this knowledge

from neglect in the postCumorah silk, which is a beautiful white, comto America. We are reminded of

period. The extinction of a cultipeted with that produced with the cynical but true thought that

vated European or Asiatic insect is Chinese silkworms until the late often that which is popularly betherefore not to be overlooked as 1800's."29 lieved as history is but "a fable

a possibility. Webster's International The Haskin Service, an inforwhich is agreed upon."Archaeology

Dictionary (second edition) states, mation bureau in Washington, D.C., and other research are toppling long-

"The common domesticated silkin a communication to the author, cherished beliefs. To learn that

worm is the larva of a moth states that "The Textile Museum Palestine was articulate culturally (Bombyx mori).... It is supposed tells us that it is improbable that the with Egypt, Greece, and Syria, in

to be native of China, but has been kind of silkworm used by the Greeks Lehi's day, and that research in silk domesticated for many centuries, in the preChristian era [italics the brings a knowledge of that article and is no longer known in a wild author's] can be identified, since, so closer and closer to Lehi's day, cerstate."far as is known, there are no silks tainly lends credence to the view

If Lehi did not import silkworms of that era left. A suggested referthat with several species of American

to America, we are at least obliged ence is The Excavations at Durasilkworms awaiting notice in this to demonstrate the plausibility of the Europos, Final Report 4, Part 2, Yale land, it might have taken no more

Nephites inaugurating the industry University Press."than this to prompt the Nephites to

here, with the remarkable degree of DuraEuropos was a city on the initiate the industry here. We need

success noted in the Book of Morbank of the Euphrates, now the not demonstrate that the importation mon. Need we fall back on the modern site of Salihiye. It was of an Asiatic or European species of

belief that their discovery of the abandoned to the desert after 257 silkworm was feasible or possible.

utility of the cocoon was just a AD, and excavations first unearthed Some silkworms native to Amerhappy accident, and its successful ica feed on such diverse things as development an unparalled mirelderberry leaves, oak, birch, grass, acle? What about importation of WHEN MONEY TALKS corn, etc. John C. Palkister (The

the idea? BY IDA M. PARDUE Animal Kingdom) describes a typical variety Elder Nibley Hugh thus: "POLYPHEMUS it tells: has demon- I close to what my ear

thatstrated (Telea... feeds on polyphemus) Lehi was undoubtedly those to hear sad farewant Dont

a merchant having business connecwells. a great many trees, including birch

tions with the merchants of Egypt and oak.... The cocoon is solid,

and other nearby countries. He exand its silk can be readily unreeled,

plains that the presence of two the remains of that era in 1922. but at too great a cost, in this counGreek names in the Book of MorArticles of Greek silk were found. try [italics the author's] for commermon, Timothy and Lachoneus, "is A statement from the Department of cial use."32

strictly in order, however odd it may Classics, Yale University, 30 reads as A silkworm imported in the 1860's seem at first glance. Since the follows: "Your information is corhas become adapted to a number

fourteenth century BC at latest, rect: two textiles of silk were found of American trees. Several American

Syria and Palestine had been in and publishecLas Numbers 263 and silkworms can produce a strand of constant contact with the Aegean 264 in the publication to which you a quality capable of being made world, and since the middle of the refer."into textiles, although not of a qualseventh century Greek mercenaries Another source reveals that the ity demanded by modern commerand merchants... swarmed throughproduct of the Chinese silkworm was cial taste. Yet, in another era,

out the near east."28 known to the Greek and Roman under different economic standards

With Lehi in close contact with world, not only before 555 AD, and conditions, at least one of these

Greece and Syria, might we expect but prior to the Christian era. ( We might prove capable of producing

him to be somewhat conversant with have seen that the popularly con- a fame which could cause a people industries in those countries, no less ceived history of silk, as typified by to "wax proud, because of their exthan the case of the Nestorian monks the treatise written in England in ceeding riches, and their fine silks, who learned of the origin of Chinese 1830, is different from that now and their finetwined linen."

silk? With the value of silk so uniknown. The belief that no nation Thomas Gage could have been enversally acclaimed in ancient times, but the Chinese knew that silk was tirely accurate in designating the

and with archaeology showing us produced from an insect may be trees he saw as "mulberry,"in that the ancient world knew far equally false.) "Two centuries beMichoacan. The World Scope Enmore about so many things which fore the Christian era, the Chinese cyclopedia ( 1952 ) states that "There

we thought unknown to them, can carried on a commerce of silk, with are about a dozen species of mulwe not suspect that the Syrian silkPersia, Greece, and Italy."31 The berry, native to temperate and subworm, Pachypasa otus, was not unPersians may have somehow derived tropical regions, some in Asia, some

known in Lehi's day? from the Chinese the idea of capitalin America."'*'6

Writes one authority, "The Syrian izing on their own variety of silkAn estimate of America's potensilkworm, Pachypasa otus, was a valworm, or developed the idea tialities in its native silkworms was uable silkproducing insect. The independently. Regardless, Lehi given in 1941. "Millions of yards of

silk was used by the Greeks and could have obtained from either ( Continued on page 342

340 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA OUTDOOR DIRECTSHOPPER! COMPANIONS

Cy.rhio Afidrson *

2878 JWlo Drive Soil Lake City, UtaK CRrofwood 7-53U

FOR FATHERSON FUN!

POLYETHYLENE - COLD HOT UNBREAKABLE jewellike with new CHILD IDENTIFY YOUR "50"the to please Oasis by made TRAIL CANTEENS HONDA address, disc. name, identification Your child's attached norattle Silent, thong sportsman.

That Needs No Trail! Trail Machine The crystal clip, odorin Tasteless, belt a encased safety etc. permanently cap, religion, improved

insulative times lightweight, more less, 1200 disc. Not aflightweight ovalshaped clear,

rustproof. corrosion Can and aluminum, than necklace moisture. Safety fected by dirt or PolyethylMarlex OASIS be filled and frozen.

included. Also use for pets, keys and lugene canteens in 3 styles. 1 qt. flask style shown

uncanteen multipurpose Ideal above. information. other Send name, address, gage.

or ishot keeps beverages and really breakable Co., P. O. Ident-O-Disc $1.00 ppd. ppd. guarantee. Unconditional Send $2 Box 1441, cold.

Salt Lake City, Utah. to OASIS "Kwenchers,"P.O.B. 31428ER, Los

Angeles 31, California.

*x;v "*&&&*;*,../::7"1 >

-MiiiM: HUNTING plus destination and setup charge

skillin a here's CANTEENS Anglers, FISHING SPORTSMAN ALLPURPOSE, PLIERS. FISHERMAN'S

striped right) (pictured at Style Round Western EXPLORING into handy a tools 15 needed of ful blending for adventure, the yearn You strap, who wide banded, cover, metal web blanket CAMPING knife, degorger, of discovering things Gripper, hook unit. and new compact qt. qt. or either in 2 4 cap, comes chained PICNICS find will the places, answer thrillnew fish in screwdriver, 2 Available ppd. opener, each sizes bottle at $5 and $4 and can hone, "50". a Trail with Wherever HONDA Steel. Polyethlene, Above Galvanized materials: tool. all in one etc. to or—desert skinner, you want mountain scaler go—and

qt. Scout oval left is V/2 covered duck logs, rocks, over underbrush, through country, 45 up steel with a forged drop of genuine Made in caps, chained covers, snapon with NEWStyle full incredible a the with Trail degree slopes load—

save to with cover "50"finish. Guaranteed Polyethylene; removable lustrous will bring bright, there take back! and you you ODORLESS

"50"is virtually indestructible Trail or hot coldand mainstrap. beverage The Keeps shoulder and for tackle. Swell home time, and temper

built precision tenancefree, with of fine yet a the in galvanized available frozen. Also be may included. holster leather it'll fit Sturdy too. a shop station car bumper, watch. So compact illustrated for steel. Write ppd. FREE $2.50

budget! small almost and any wagon, boat—Paramount, 15-E, suit to prices) canteens featuring postpaid. Box (and catalog MISCO, $5.98

Trail of at just look "50's"the exclusive And some E. P. O. need. Box every M. SONS, & SHAW California. lbs. features! only 121 Weighs Performancepacked

California. 31, Los 31428ER, Angeles 1. to ratio to of low m.p.b., 82 gear Speeds 30 with

a quick change sprocket for 45 m.p.h. touring. Powered 4-cycle cc by famous V. engine. OH. HONDA'S

hills until 50. but not head you've seen So

""50"! Trail.. tried the and forHONDAthe

For name of nearest dealer, phone Western Union by number and ask for OPERATOR 25. %0*

World's Largest Motorcycle Manufacturer 4077 WEST PICO BLVD., LOS ANGELES 19, CALIF.

AMERICAN HONDA Blvd.,MOTORLos AngelesCO., INC.,19, DeptCalif. 4077 West Pico

Please send free literature on HONDA TRAIL "50"to:

specif-. scooter. NAME a powerful GOTE, The TOTE DISTANCE! BALL PRACTICE GOLF MEASURES fisherman or hunter to pack a designed ically STREET

terinto with practice a range Turn your back yard offhighway across his gear all of and. STATE ZONE in CITY public the to first introduced rain, was that ball practice the MeasureFlite, golf new "50"line. the complete Honda information on models: different ToteGote three with 1958 n distance shots. of your the measures accurately line information motorcycle models, (9 Honda on favormachine, "300,"compact lightweight a

Scooter. 125cc to and Honda 305cc) new Q IncludeInclude125 Barber, Jerry P.G.A. "400,"Champion Endorsed allby youngsters; and ite of the women

in dealer franchise information. interested I am the of the powerhouse performer, and around drives longer assures every MEASUREFLITE

"600."heavier cycles, trail New, the model for actually 4 $1.00 time improves game. and steepest the will hold that on rear brake

IE-5, INC., (ppd.) K.G.S. Dept. from 2500 fully loaded. Snap the machine with grade

Front wheel screens. off side and snap West Sixth St., Los Angeles 57, California. on

as models all three for available suspension optional equipment. For full information write

to TOTEGOTE, Consumer Service Dept. IE-6-62,

University Ave., Provo, Utah.

(Continued from page 340) peasants of Japan, China, Spain, and economics of the Nephite nation,

Italv."34 since there were no competitors.

silk produced annually in the United International competition clearly The fall of the Nephite culture at

States prove that, if ever the need places some industries at a disadCumorah, with the resulting decline arises, we have scarcely begun to vantage because of comparative of great arts and sciences, could realize the full benefits of the insect wage scales, but such a handicap well have been the death knell of world.... We commonly think of was obviously not a factor in ancient this industry, and of cultivated silksilkworms as essentially a Chinese America. As a US Government Reworms of either native or Asiatic

insect; yet here in the United States port on silk (1868) states, "The origin. The Nephites had been in

we have a whole family of Giant aptitudes of manufacturing nations America about 550 years before the

Silkworms. Literally the woods are change, or are materially modified date that silk is mentioned in the

full of them, from the Atlantic to from time to time."35 America, now account of Mormon. During that

the Pacific. The silk spun by some in contact commercially with the length of time a cultivated species

of them is comparable in quality other hemisphere, cannot compete of silkworm, derived from native inwith that of the cultivated silkworm, with it in the production of silk. sects, could have been rendered inthough somewhat coarser. Various Just as in China the silkworm capable of survival under natural

illfated attempts have been made furnished the common article of conditions. This would leave only

to use it commercially. The main dress, and as in Gage's seventeenth its unmodified relatives remaining

drawback is the high cost of labor. century Mexico the "baser sort of as just other worms in the woods.

[Italics the author's.] American labor people"possessed silk so could have It is not impossible that American

cannot possibly compete with the successfully developed the silkworm archaeologists may yet unearth samples of preColumbian silk. Under

favorable conditions it can be preserved for seventeen centuries or longer, as witnessed by the two speMarriage—love—and solid cimensabout 257at AD,DuraEuropos,and two specimensdating

of Chinese silk found by Aurel Stein

3,! substance indatinga refusebetweenheap westAD 67of Tunhuang,and 137.

An interesting conjecture might be

RICHARD L. EVANS broached in closing. Lehi might

have known silk merchants by the

Marriage is a subject for all seasons, and today we names of Timothy and Lachoneus.

should like to suggest some sentences that apply With silk such an esteemed fabric

THE to marriages in the making as well as to those it was common for great respect to

SPOKEN or controlling those accorded be subject with introduce the and would already made, WORD industry. supervising the It would least or at one statement, a paradoxical perhaps

that may be so considered by some, and that is this: that character be so in the case of early Chinese,

in marriage is as important as love—and maybe more so. This Syrian, and Greek silk merchants.

may seem to slight the matter of romance—to slight somewhat the The Nephite silk industry was doubtsweet and tender lovely things of life on which the poets and the less supervised by specialists in that

songsters have written ten thousand times ten thousand lovely and line, possibly as a family trade. In

poetic lines. There is no doubt about the loveliness of sincere, any case, it would be certain to

respectful, loyal, honest love, and the real and indispensable and attract men of quality as a secular surpassingly important place it has in the good living of life. From pursuit. Timothy and Lachoneus

all these lovely things we would subtract nothing. But the plain were obviously men of quality.

and earnest fact is that love and loveliness will not likely live Timothy, brother of Nephi, was one unless sustained on solid substance. Love is more than music. of the original twelve American

It is more than moonlight. It is more than mood. It is more than disciples chosen by the Lord."

a passing romance. Love, to live, to endure, to last a long and Lachoneus occupied the judgment

everlasting lifetime, must include some solid, sustaining, basic qualiseat, and in the suggested context it ties of character: respect and honesty; integrity and trust and might be emphasized that he was

truth; faith and faithfulness, loyalty; and cleanliness, morality; of the same name as his father. 38

courage and confidence; kindness and consideration; an honest It was customary for the Lord's

ambition as to something good and useful "to be"; the honoring ministers to earn their living by

of obligations; the doing of duty in the dayto-day living of life. secular pursuit, for "the priests left

And we would say again to all who are married, and to all who their labor to impart the word of approach marriage, and to all who are faced with the soulsearch- God unto the people.... And

ing, farreaching, sobering decision as to when and how and when the priest had imparted unto whom to marry: Love with all its cherished loveliness is likely them the word of God they all reto survive only as it is sustained by sincere and solid substance, turned again diligently unto their

and to keep love alive, character is everlastingly required. labors... and they did all labor, ev-

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the ery man according to his strength."39

Columbia Broadcasting System, February 18, 1962. Copyright 1962. It is entirely possible that Timothy

342 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

.. views as big as all outdoors

byDOMELINER!

Surely only by Domeliner can you see so much, so close at hand. You glide along in

luxury and air conditioned comfort, while Hint: To be sure of the accommodations you prefer, be sure

just outside the big dome windows history to make your reservations early. See your nearby Union lives again—in settings of purpleridged Pacific Railroad ticket agent. He's at your service.

mountains and pastoral plains, along winding rivers, through colorful canyons.

You can watch by the hour in complete relaxation. No need to

keep your eyes on the road or worry about highway hazards.

For the youngsters it is an ohand-ahsome treat. And for the

grownups, the most pleasurefilled, carefree and safe way of going from here to there—including the miles between!

Remember—Union Pacific's Family Fares

for husband and wife or family with youngsters

This year include the Pacific Northwest in your travel plans and see "Century 21,"the Seattle World's Fair... April 21st to October 21st.

MAY 1962 343 and Lachoneus were executives in the Nephite silk industry, and thatYOUR OPPORTUNITY TO their Greek names had some historical connotation thereto.

not that the Chinese were revealedINVEST IN UTAH'S FUTURE! When the voice of Joseph Smith

of silk in 84 BC, the only possessors

HMty&ci andof America,that it washe wasusedcontradictingby the ancientsthe TSBSr fytak PcdUad&i opinions of contemporary English silk historians. Englishspeaking

people universally believed that the

American Indians had never had an illustrious past, and had never been more than makers of arrowheads and crude pottery. Although Gage's

autobiography had been popular in

England through six editions, up to 1711, the English treatise on silk (1831) omits mention of Mexican silk. Despite an American edition of

Gage's work, published in New Jersey in 1758, and also serialized in the New American Magazine in the same year, it was not marked by popularity in this country enough to keep it free from a century's accumulation of dust. Today the only

surviving series of the magazine mentioned is in a library in Philadelphia. Access to the 1758 edition,

Your best investment in the future is in land which can become ideal suburban homesites in the next few years. by Joseph Smith, in 1830, as source

Such ideal land is just a short drive southeast from Salt material for a fraudulent Book of

Lake City; spectacularly beautiful Utah Palisades Project. Mormon, is reasonably improbable,

Roiling oak covered slopes offer superb views; topography weighing all the conditions of the

allows for many kinds of home and estate developments. prophet's life up to that time. The

Similarly planned areas, such as in Los Angeles and zest with which opponents of MorPhoenix, have become the most valuable residential areas monism grasped at Manuscript Lost in those cities. as Smith's source of ideas was never

Ten years ago, many of Salt Lake valley's finest resibrought to the issue of "silk"in the dential developments along the bench didn't exist. But Book of Mormon. The autobiography

at to look today. Imagine what it would them mean of mention you of makes Gage certainly

.. if. let's of that 5 acres today you owned land. Now have could else which nothing

look to the logical development of our most beautiful helped Joseph Smith in writing a is valley the area to Project Palisades southeast. Utah of Gage the fraudulent Mormon. Book

it. five of very heart just for acres can You buy $5,550 of anwhatever no mention makes

if is wish. less This to pay, twenty years than you the extent of or the cient ruins

is lots five single this desirable building a most...... and

or cultures of the legends ancient OFFICERS tract!

K. P. ALEXANDER acre thereto relevant natives of the Utah Palisades has guaranteed that all ground can be

of or of a Spanish any account a to terrain, and developed, buyers have due 90 day UYTON the same. concerning padre The UNA HIRSTP. OTT satisfied. period to inspect trade for tract another if not and

DIRECTORS RICHARD PROWS Mail coupon below for complete details. autobiographydeep enough so wasas notgatheringto be noticeddust

by the scholarly detractors of the

Mormon prophet, and let it not be said that they were not energetically hunting! | With divine prerogative the Book SaltSSV,s,Lake City, Utah MAILCLIPTODAYAND into the existintruded Mormon in Please details send contained complete your Name of I—I hisancient ing American I vacuum of free, fullcolor brochure. understand under I am

no obligation. tory, and supplied as revealed facts

Street many things which have been ridiPlease send contract approval. for my I—I past the culed during by "experts"

enclosed Earnest as $50.00 Money down paymentI have City simply because 130 years and more, for 5 acres in the will Utah Palisades, which $50.00

be cheerfully and promptly refunded if I decide not these unique claims were presented to buy. State

344 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA by a man claiming to be a prophet of God. Since the Book of Mormon

was unearthed at Hill Cumorah much archaeological and other evidence has risen from the dust to vindicate the prophet.

Most certainly we expect a prophet to be right—and the Prophet

said "silk!"

REFERENCES

!Alma 4:6. 2The Cabinet Encyclopedia ( Treatise on silk by G. R. Porter) London, 1831.

Hbid., p. 11.

Hbid., p. 14.

Hbid., p. 22.

Hbid., p. 35.

7Ibid., p. 31.

Hbid., p. 33.

Report to the Department of State on

Silk and Silk Manufacture—Elliot C. Cowdin, States United Commission, WashingThe stabilizerequipped Queen Elizabeth 14.ton, D.C., p. 1868,

lbid., p. 17.

xx Treatise (op. and Queen Maryby far the world's largest

12 Scientific American cit.) p.—35."An American

Parallel to the Tulip Craze in Holland"su perl inersoffer fiveday express

Irving N. Townsend (Dec. 6, 1902) p.

373. crossings to and from Europe! No other

x Hbid., p. 373.

in the Travels Gage's 14Thomas New form of transportation provides as much. Editor. S.World, Thompson, J. Eric

(1958) University of Oklahoma Press, Last year, over 100,000 passengers sailed to and from Europe, 90.p.

15Ibid., Intro, p. xxi. aboard the Queen Elizabeth and Queen Mary. Here is a true

16Ibid., p. 110. tribute to the luxury, speed, travel value, and fun of these 17Ibid., p. 50.

Sloan, 18Duell, & Pierce, N.Y., 1st Editwo superliners—the world's largest. When you travel to

tion, Vol. I, p. 44.

Travels (op. cit.) pp. 140141. Europe, sail aboard the "Queens"—or any of five other

cit.) 73. 'Travels (op. p.

is product, Cunard liners in regular service from New York and Canada. a variable 2Cochineal dye

as is silk. The author had hoped to demonstrate that it was not variable, in hopes Cunard also offers a yearround cruise program

of supporting the possibility that the referto suit every season, taste and budget.

ence by Gage was to mulberry trees and silkworms, but an inquiry to the Haskin Luxurious cruises aboard the fast, elegant, airconditioned

Service resulted in a reference from the

Encyclopedia Americana, indicates otherCaronia and Mauretania take you to enchanting ports district in principalwise. which "The throughout the world. The program includes cruises to the

insects) are cochinealthey (the now reared is in the province of Oaxaca, MexMediterranean in Summer, Autumn, Winter and Spring; to

ico, district those of the of Mestique being the North Cape in Summer; Around the World, or to the insects."considered the best

22Travels (op. cit.) pp. 148149. West Indies and South America in Winter.

2Hbid., p. 149.

2Hbid., pp. 205206.

2r'Conquest of Mexico—Prescott, Vol. I, GETTING THERE IS HALF 1HE FUN! GO

p. 102.

I, Vol. 26Native RacesBancroft, p. 650. CUNARD

Pallister C. 27The Animal Kingdom ( John SEE YOUR TRAVEL AGENT!

in) Greystone Press, Vol. Ill, p. 1934.

28Lehi in the Desert—Nibley (Bookcraft) p. 34.

2*The Animal Kingdom, p. 1943. Please send me, without obligation:

3C. Welles. Bradford

** Elliot (op. cit.) p. 5. Brochure on travel to Europe. I am interested in sailing First Class- C. Cowdin

32 T/je Animal Kingdom (op. cit.) p. Cabin Tourist

1931. Brochures on the following cruises:

33Vol. III.

Natural History, Jan. 1941, pp. 1920.

35 Elliot C. Cowdin (op. cit.) p. 20. (Write in Name of Cruise and season)

the Far and S6The Roman Orient East—Name. SmithReportC. Annual G. Seligman,

Institute,sonian 1938, p. 554. I Address. 19:4. 373 Nephi

sHbid., 6:19. City -Zone..State39Alma 1:26. The name of my travel agent is I Mail this coupon to Cunard Line, 210 Post St., San Francisco EX 2-1307

MAY 1962 345

The Personal Factors in impart information, the latter teach about each student in his class in of that knowledge order life through he can be and a way more effective

Religious Education personal his conduct. of deal in former methods approach. The He

( Continued from page 323 with subjects while the latter teach needs to listen to the pulse of his people. class. The teacher must, like a doc-

a unique challenge. The teacher of Professional educators have found tor, know that this pulse indicates

religion must serve as an example that to develop character through certain conditions and that certain of what he is trying to teach. It educational objectives involves much types of treatment must be adminhas been said that one teaches little more than the mere dispensing of istered. When students are aroused

by what he says; he teaches more by subject matter, even though it may over a certain situation, the teacher

what he does; but he teaches most be framed in a variety of highly deshould endeavor to involve the soluby what he is. There are instructors, lectable lessons. tion to this situation in his lesson.

and there are teachers. The former One needs to know all he can This, then, is the real challenge of

education: How can one make his

teaching more personal?

Teachers are sometimes criticized because they fail to demonstrate appreciation for the problems of modern teens. No generation is

understood completely, according to that generation. So one must reSome requirements ofMarriage member that before giving adult

advice, it would be well to mellow

RICHARD L. EVANS it with teenage experience drawn

from the past, mingled with the inLast week we talked of marriage and character, digenous conditions of the present.

and of the fact that love is likely not to live unless Nothing will contribute more toTHE it is sustained by solid substance, by some essential wards a deeper and more personal

SPOKEN qualities of character; Some of these we named; understanding between teachers and

WORD some we should like to mention again in a moment students than for the teacher to of reminder, and to lengthen out the list of those qualities, which, visualize silently before he expresses besides love, would seem to be essential to the solid success of himself, what his reactions might this closest relationship of life. These qualities include couragehave been to a problem when he

courage to face facts, courage to meet problems, courage to make was going through "that stage."

and keep commitments, courage to wait, to serve, to sacrifice, to One should, however, endeavor to prepare and provide for the future. They include courtesy and eliminate the phraseology, "Now I

consideration, along with respect and a certain dignity; and remember when I was your age...."

temperance, moderation that has the judgment not to overdo anyThe students are not interested in thing; and patience—patience with people, patience with children, the repetitious recitation that the

our own and others; patience with each other and with teacher once was young, but rather

circumstances and situations—and even patience with ourselves; in seeing evidence of this fact by

thoughtfulness; and faith and faithfulness in love and loyalty; his teaching and understanding.

reasonableness and gentleness. Said one who was wise: "There is The teacher who provides a reaas gentleness, so strong nothing so gentle as is nothing and there atsonably consistent classroom

real strength."requires the giving 1 Marriage keeping and so that his of mosphere students can

confidences, the sharing of thoughts and feelings, respect and learn to predict his reaction will understanding always, and a frank and gentle communication give his students added security.

(of which we shall have more to say at another time). Marriage—It will also provide students with a

along with life—requires humility. We all need it, for we all make stronger inclination to rely upon his

mistakes—the humility to repent, the humility to forgive. And wisdom because they will know that

marriage requires flexibility and firmness—flexibility to give and his values are unchanging; that he

take—and the firmness not to compromise principles, the firmness will give sound advice which is conto keep and meet obligations, firmness in the doing of duty. And sistent with the gospel plan and in

marriage requires a wise and moderate sense of humor without keeping with the situation.

life the could which abrasive. ways of be heartbreakingly And The principle of consistency is a calls certainly for convictions so marriage that both partcommon

attribute. Paul in addressGodlike ners will pulling apart. pulling not Marriage be one way—and

states, Christ "Jesus the Hebrews all this requires should into ing not be rushed more—and and much

too early or too lightly. And we would plead with young people the same yesterday, and today, and

to take counsel, to be thoughtful and farseeing, to be prayerful for ever."(Hebrews 13:8.) If stuand patient, and not to rush into a decision of such incalculable dents know that a teacher will likeconcern, of such everlasting consequence. wise consistently conform to established rules of ethics, the rapport in

Trancis de Sales, French bishop, 15671622. the classroom will be strengthened

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the considerably. Whenever this concept

Columbia Broadcasting System, February 25, 1962. Copyright 1962. is violated, the effectiveness of the

346 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA There's an eyeopening difference when you drive with Phillips 66 Gasolines

At Phillips 66 Stations, you have your choice of two superperform- ance motor fuels with the high octane and high power you need to get fast acceleration and full power from your car. Both SixtySix

and FliteFuel gasolines are powerpacked with high test components. Fill up at your Phillips 66 Station for an eyeopening difference

in your car's performance.

MAY 1962 347 class is lessened and its proceedings mit the mistake in judgment and pies which are at all times consistent impaired. indicate the change in procedure with the gospel way of life.

All teachers should be careful to which will be more reasonable and Children and grownups have this avoid making a rash decision or emconsistent with accepted practices. in common: All like to take part in

barking on a dubious course of acThe teacher should not get caught what is being developed in the class.

tion about which they are uncertain in a rut by allowing opinions and Tactful teachers do not force acas to the outcome. If, however, such decisions to be automatic. He must tivity, but rather bring it about by

a mistake is made, it would be best learn to anticipate the various situatouching as many of the life interto set matters right—possibly to adtions and then adapt sound prineiests of each one in the class as

possible. Because of the teacher's

knowledge of each member of the group, he will know that everyone will not have the same background so, consequently, cannot contribute something to each subject under discussion. However, an imaginative

u from those who have the experience "Be what thou seemest teacher can elicit certain responses from which to draw. This opportunity will give students selfconfi-

RICHARD L. EVANS dence and status as well as enlighten

those who may not have had a Previous comments on frank and kindly communicontribution to make at the particucation, and on what we should and shouldn't say, lar time.

THE might well lead to the subject of sincerity. Sincerity As the teacher learns more about

SPOKEN has two essential sides: the sincerity we expect his students, some will obviously be

WORD from others, and sincerity within ourselves. Sincerity more acceptable to him than others.

is the assurance that things are as they seem to be. A misleading He should not let partiality be unlabel is a kind of insincerity. An inferior product is a kind of veiled but rather channel his interinsincerity. A trick clause in a contract is a kind of insincerity. ests so that he can bring out conEither we are what we pretend, either we mean what we say, tributions from all at one time or

either we do what we agree, either we keep a contract, keep comanother.

mandments, give honest value, work earnestly and effectively—In order to achieve this, one

either we are what we appear to be, intimately and sincerely inside should endeavor in his advance ourselves, or we aren't. Sometime ago, we cited a sentence from planning to motivate the student so

Anne Morrow Lindbergh which said, "The most exhausting thing that his contribution will be based in life,... is being insincere."1 Pretense is exhausting—the failure upon his individual experiences.

to be what we seem. Now on this subject we should like to cite Individuals appreciate encouragesome sources: "Sincerity,"said John Tillotson, "is to... do as we ment which will help them verbalize

pretend and profess, to perform what we promise, and really to their thoughts when they might be be what we would seem and appear to be.... [It] is like traveling too timid to do so on their own.

on a plain, beaten road, which commonly brings a man sooner to Here the teacher must exercise care his journey's end than byways, in which men often lose themand wisdom in the methodology selves."2 "The shortest and surest way to live with honor in the used in order to bring this about.

world,"said Socrates, "is to be in reality what we would appear Leading questions are helpful, as to be;..."3 Said Horatius Bonar: "Be what thou seemest! live are stimulating incidents drawn from

thy creed!"4 From Confucius: "Sincerity and truth are the basis a teacher's experiences. When a

of evety virtue."5 "Sincerity is impossible,"said James Russell given problem is presented by a

Lowell, "unless it pervade the whole being, and the pretense of it member of the class, one should not saps the very foundation of character."6 P. J. Bailey summarized moralize with his own response. If

it in this sentence: "It matters not what men assume to be; Or possible he should phrase his reply

good, or bad, they are but what they are."7 In short, to be sincere, in such a manner that he can return

men should be what they believe, should do what they agree, the problem to the students unshould be what they seem. We are no better than we are, than answered, and let them, with whatthe intent of the heart, than the thoughts we think, than the deeds ever guidance necessary, discover

we do, than the commandments we keep, than the lives we live. the solution through their own reaSuch is the essence of sincerity. soning processes.

Any effort expended in this area 3Anne Morrow Lindbergh, Gift from the Sea. should be aimed at having students

2John Tillotson, Eng. Divine (16301694). see and acknowledge the proper 3Socrates.

4Horatius Bonar, He Liveth Long Who Liveth Well. application in their lives.

"Confucius.

Russell Essays: Lowell, "James Pope. learning that It is a basic law of

'P. Festus: J. Bailey, Water and Wood. a teacher the student must "pick up"

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the where he is intellectually and then

Columbia Broadcasting System, March 18, 1962. Copyright 1962. bring him up to where it is desired

348 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WlitKlS&

a:::;:,:..:.:;,,::.;,-:-;:::.:,p;isi.::; fStaiifilvB;'''::;:MmMSSm:

Hammond Concert Organ in oak, $3460, F.O.B. Factory, less Federal Excise Tax. (Tone equipment extra). Price subject to change without notice.

**We are pleased beyond words with the Hammond

Organ Installation in the Butler Third Ward, East

Jordan stake House. We feel the quality of the organ

and the music it produces is unsurpassed by any other instrument. It serves our needs for organ music

wonderfully and we would like to thank you."

Sincerely yours, Mark R. Cram, Bishop

The organ that Bishop Cram refers to is the Concert Model, Organ Company the most magnificent Hammond all. ofHammond Avenue 42 13 W. Diversey

In the East Jordan stake House, the Chicago 39, Illinois tone cabinets are arranged so the organist may direct the music into the chapel for Please send free brochure services or into the recreation hall for describing other Hammond dances and wedding receptions. At quarOrgans

terly stake conferences, the organ is heard in both areas.. Please send free booklet

describing to raise money ways rich to the features contribute Many organ a Church a for of capacitymusical and versatility

Hammond Concert Organ. Full 5 -octave

keyboard on both manuals, 32note pedal Name keyboard, Pre -set Combinations and famous Harmonic Drawbars. With all these Address

features, the Hammond Concert Organ conforms to the standards set up by the City.

American Guild of Organists. Zone State

Your Hammond dealer is your most in He'll guidevaluable choosing an organ.

free demonstration,arrange a answer all HAMMOND... music's most gloriousORGANvoice

your questions and help you select the model that best complements your needs. M962, HAMMOND ORGAN COMPANY IE 5-62

He's in the Yellow Pages under "Organs."

MAY 1962 349 that he should be. There are several and their families, regardless of was a member of the Church and

ways in which this can be achieved. whether the occasion is at a Church a returned missionary. Repeated

The program can be organized in function or not? Do you find yourpersonal contacts failed to activate

such a way as to have students enself personally hedging on a princihim or influence his actions.

gaged in work at their own level of ple or concept which you expounded One Sunday afternoon after a parunderstanding and expectancy. The in your class a short time ago? ticularly bitter siege on Pork Chop

teacher should not demand that As a teacher, one's life should be Hill, the LDS group was about to every pupil achieve the same by above reproach. His students will conclude a testimony meeting. Sudevaluating each with the same watch to see if the conviction of denly, the flap of the tent was

standard tool of measurement. He what he teaches is strong enough to opened, and in stalked the major.

will recognize that this procedure motivate his total adherence to the He walked to the front and declared may take more time but that it will messages of inspiration which he that he had something to say. Then

pay greater dividends later. regularly imparts to them. If they with tearfilled eyes, he told his

In talking to young people, the see that their teacher is attempting story.

teacher must address them in a to be a living example, his lessons During his years of growing up in vocabulary which they can underwill carry a greater impact for truth the Church, he had been constantly stand. Regardless of how classic and right, and he will find that stuinstructed by his various teachers to

the lesson may be, it must be prerespect Joseph Smith as God's living sented so that the class will compreProphet, to pay his tithing, to honor hend its meaning. Make each the Sabbath day, to guard his virtue,

member feel that the teacher is talkAPPLE ORCHARD IN MAY to exercise his priesthood, to be loyal ing directly to him. This, too, to those presiding over him, to

will contribute to a more personal BY CHRISTINE WHITE watch his language, and to obey and intimate relationship between many other principles. He did not

teacher and student. Ever take a walk in May understand the reason for repeated

Where the golden sunbeams play, emphasis being placed upon these By way of caution, one should not orchard's the apple gay When after week, same things and his weekgive students that the impression In its dress snow, of drifted to failed apparently teachers had ishe one of them. Never, for one

Every loaded bough bent low? make the proper explanations andminute, let them forget that the

teacher presides. The adage, "FaThen, when saucy breezes blow, application. Shortly after his return

See the billowing cascade from a nottoo-successful mission, hemiliarity breeds contempt,"is good petalpink white brocade and It in inactive the Church. became class Ofadvice. should have his One the path Pave you have where to join the decided that he was then thatso organized individuals become

responsible for the mechanics of strayed? army. While undergoing his milichecking the roll, preparing devotary basic training, he was taught so the orchestra Hear to react of bees thoroughly to commandstional exercises, of care and taking Practising their symphonies. that his moveand certain situations activities; theirother related yet, as

teacher and adviser, they must look Praising him who holds the keys ments required no thought but rather

To the sun and wind and showers; became more or less automatic. Thisto him for control. This they cannot Thanking him for perfumed flowers, involuntary learned response, by if himself to he allowsdo

all this lovely be And world of ours. battle constant repetition of certain friendly.overly the appreciate They

teacher's acting in his full capacity. principles, had saved his life a numThe area of activity outside the ber of times while in combat with

classroom, probably, is the one the enemy.

which offers the widest range for dents will be more apt to confide in After all the intervening years, he improvement. Many teachers feel him with their personal problems. said that now he finally realized that

that their responsibility is ended In addition to bringing about the this is what his teachers had hoped when they close the classroom door, maximum achievement of his stuwould happen with his "spiritual when in reality it is just beginning. dents, the concept of living what basic training"—that through reThis is the time when one may one teaches is most vital and essenpeated hearing and subjection to the

demonstrate how personal his teachtial to a teacher's personal wellbeing laws of Christian conduct, his reing really is. and happiness. sponse to the battle of life would

He should ask himself these quesThe following incident occurred likewise be spontaneous.

tions: Do you call to find out why while the writer was serving as an The ideals and principles of the

Tom was not in your class this LDS group leader in Korea. It restored gospel were repeated and

morning? Do you check into the illustrates how basic and essential taught often during the life of this

rumor that Ramona had an emerit is to make one's teaching "perman, yet he failed to see the value of gency appendectomy since the class sonalized."making application in his life. A

met last? Do you succumb to the There was a fortyfive-yearold teacher must endeavor to make the

temptation to divulge the nature of battalion commander, a major by messages he teaches so meaningful a personal conversation between you rank, who had a battlehardened that he will be not only a dynamic and Ronald when asked by someone reputation of being both fearless and stimulus but will affect each student who has no right to the information? insensitive in the eyes of his subso that he will truly know that the

Do you make it a special point to ordinates, not only during combat gospel is a most personal thing and speak to each member of your class but in his personal life as well. He live accordingly.

350 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Cindy's listening to flowers talk

Do flowers talk? Cindy knows they do. In a tree wear its mantle more proudly. Or coax a

quiet, friendly way they say Hello! We're here. cascade of blooms from a rosebush.

The older she gets, the more Cindy will find Standard's gardenerscientists never stop looking companionship, and wonder, in things that grow. for better ways to nourish and protect your

Gardeners understand this feeling best of all. garden. In laboratory and test plots they're

They've worked their fingers in warm, musky searching, experimenting, proving. Out of this

soil. Watched a shoot catch its first sight of day. research have come many gardening "firsts,"

which you can share by reading the ORTHO

Standard has been gardening, too, for over 30 Lawn and Garden Book, available at garden years. Today our ORTHO Division makes supply stores.

60 products to help gardens grow better, more At Standard we're interested in everything that easily, all over the world. grows. Whether it's a hillside's bright blanket

To give a lawn that luxurious look. Help a of flowers, or one proud plant in a window box.

planning ahead to serve you better

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

MAY 1962 351 JUNE CONFERENCE ancesday, Juneat 5:0015 pmand Friday16 at anolKingsburySaturTerracequet to Ballroom,be held Thursday,at the beautifulJune 14,

'DRAMATIC 62"Hall on the University of Utah 6:30 pm. Tickets are only $2.85 each.

Campus. And if you are a dance director,

The good times held at Social Hall order your tickets for the June Prom, "We're excited about June Conferin Salt Lake during the days of the also to be held at the Terrace Ballence."These words continue to come pioneers will be brought back with room in Salt Lake City, on Saturday,

from Superintendent Joseph T. Bent- a gaiety that will please everyone. June 16 at 8:30 pm. The cost is

ley and President Florence S. The first oneact play to be staged in $1.00 a person.

Jacobsen of the General MIA Super - Social Hall will be revived and along Thursday June 14 is Camp Day at intendency and Presidency, as each with it the redstriped candy bags Tracy Wigwam. On this day the

thrilling program for June Confersold brimming full with delicious 50th anniversary of camping in the ence has unfolded and been apold-fashioned round mints and horeYWMIA will be celebrated. Festiviproved for production. hound. Five stirring performances ties will begin at 8:00 am. For those

It is important that a. program apwill be held June 1416 at 8:30 pm who desire, busses leave Salt Lake at

pealing to more than one and a half each evening and with Friday and 7:15. Transportation cost is 75c.

million participating in dance, sixtySaturday matinees at 5:00 pm at Events and programs honoring memthree thousand in dramas, and even Highland High School. Tickets cost bers of the first YWMIA camp held

more in weekly classwork and 50c each. Children and older perin 1912 will highlight the day. Fifty

cultural pursuits should have leaders sons alike will love this "Evening at years of camping will be shown trained at the "grass roots,"and this Social Hall."in hiking, campcrafter, handicrafts,

is what is done at June Conference There will be much color, excitecooking, waterfront safety, map and in addition to presenting the festivals ment, music, and dancing feet at the compass work, camp music, and a that have become great traditions. roadshows. Every cast will "travel"special campfire program. Lunches

To these festivals this year has just as it does on a roadshow night for $1.25 will be sold by advance

come the title "Dramatic 62"with the in the stakes, to the stages of East reservation only. (June 8 is the final

emphasis on drama. Papa and The and West High schools and Bryant date for reservations.)

Playhouse, a drama of the Old Salt and Roosevelt Junior High schools. All tickets for all events will be

Lake Theatre which inspired these There will be five performancesfilled on a firstcome firstserved "Dramatic 62"performances, is real Thursday through Saturday at 8:30 basis. They will be mailed to you

and heartwarming, and the music pm with matinees Friday and Satshortly after May 15. Because Papa

will make many a foot tap out the urday at 5:00 pm. All seats are 50c. and the Playhouse tickets will be

rhythmic tunes. For the first time, inWhile you are ordering tickets for mailed separately, be sure to enclose

dividual seats will be reserved at an the festivals, include this one if you two selfaddressed stamped enveMIA festival at $1.50 and $2.00, and are a Master M Man or Golden lopes. Include check to cover comthe upper balcony at $1.00 each. Gleaner, or have received this award plete amount of tickets. Send your

Performances are set for Tuesday, by way of the "Honorary."You and order now to MIA Festivals, 135

June 12 through Saturday, June 16 your companion are invited to the South State Street, Salt Lake City 11, at 8:30 pm with matinee performMaster M ManGolden Gleaner BanUtah.

name. wise: When as his mother Mary was

Mary, Mother of Jesus "And his mercy is on them that espoused to Joseph, before they fear him from generation to gencame together, she was found with (Continued from page 313) eration. child of the Holy Ghost."So it

"He hath shewed strength with seems evident that Mary's family his arm; he hath scattered the proud knew but Joseph had riot been told

"Blessed art thou among women, in the imagination of their hearts. or had not believed and now he was

and blessed is the fruit of thy womb. "He hath put down the mighty troubled, for we read: "Then Joseph

"And whence is this to me, that from their seats, and exalted them her husband, being a just man, and the mother of my Lord should of low degree. not willing to make her a publick

come to me?"And Mary responded "He hath filled the hungry with example, was minded to put her

with words of eloquence which degood things; and the rich he hath away privily.

noted the glory of her knowledge: sent empty away. "But while he thought on these

"My soul doth magnify the Lord, "He hath holpen his servant Israel, things, behold, the angel of the Lord

And my spirit hath rejoiced in God in remembrance of his mercy; appeared unto him in a dream, saymy Saviour. "As he spake to our fathers, to ing, Joseph, thou son of David, fear

"For he hath regarded the low Abraham, and to his seed for ever."not to take unto thee Mary thy wife:

estate of his handmaiden: for, beLuke tells us that Mary stayed for that which is conceived in her

hold, from henceforth all generations with her cousin about three months is of the Holy Ghost.

shall call me blessed. and then came home. Turning to "And she shall bring forth a son

"For he that is mighty hath done Matthew 1:1825, we read: "Now the and thou shalt call his name JESUS:

to me great things; and holy is his birth of Jesus Christ was on this for he shall save his people from

352 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Now Baldwin offers four

New! Baldwin Model 12 Baldwin Model 10A Baldwin Model 5A Baldwin Model 46C

Designed to meet the highComprehensive organ A standard organ in every Threechannel amplification est artistic standards within adhering to A.G.O. specidetail with two complete system enclosed in console.

a practical range of size fications. Thirtytwo indemanuals and full 32note Two complete manuals,

and cost. Three manuals, pendent stops (including a pedalboard, plus 26 indeSwell to Great coupler, 23

60 independent stops. threerank mixture). pendent stops. independent stops.

Magnificent Baldwin Organs especially designed to satisfy the requirements of any church. Whether your musical responsibility—and budget—is cathedral size or chapel size,

Baldwin offers you an organ that will provide profound satisfaction in your church. Just as

important as the right organ for your church is proper installation. Baldwin, backed by experience

with more than 15,000 church organ installations, has prepared a brochure that answers the 80 most frequently asked questions. Use the coupon to send for it today.

Baldwin Piano Co., Dept. R-21, Cincinnati 2, Ohio

Please send me your free brochure, Practical Guide to Organ Installation.

Nan Church.

Title Address. Baldwin

PIANOS ORGANS City.. Zone. State Check if also interested in specifications of

D Mode! 12 D Model 10A Model 5A Model 46C Spinets

MAY 1962 353. ).

their sins."Thus was Mary cared "And all went to be taxed, every "And she brought forth her firstfor. one into his own city. born son, and wrapped him in

"Then Joseph being raised from "And Joseph also went up from swaddling clothes, and laid him in sleep did as the angel of the Lord Galilee, out of the city of Nazareth, a manger; because there was no

had bidden him, and took unto him into Judea, unto the city of David, room for them in the inn."

[in marriage] his wife: which is called Bethlehem; ( because To all of us many wonderful

"And knew her not till she had he was of the house and lineage of things happen, blessings are given brought forth her firstborn son: and David: to us, prophecies fulfilled, and mohe called his name JESUS.""To be taxed with Mary his ments when angels cross our threshIn Luke 2:1-7 we read: "And it espoused wife, being great with olds—these things we hold sacred

came to pass in those days, that child. and marvel at while our hearts melt

there went out a decree from Caesar "And so it was, that, while they in gratitude to our Maker. We can

Augustus, that all the world should were there, the days were accomthen in a small degree imagine be taxed. plished that she should be delivered. Mary's feelings as she treasured them

in her heart. She heard the shepherds'story and saw them rejoice

over the child and go away praising the Lord God of Israel. (Luke

2:8-20.) She also saw the wise men

fall down and worship her babe.

They gave him of their rich treasures, gold, frankincense, and myrrh.

-I- (Matt. 2:1011.)

When Jesus was eight days old,

Mary and Joseph took him to the temple, "And, behold, there was a man in Jerusalem, whose name was

Simeon; and the same man was

just and devout, waiting for the consolation of Israel: and the Holy

Ghost was upon him.

"And it was revealed unto him by the Holy Ghost, that he should not see death, before he had seen the

Lord's Christ.

"And he came by the Spirit into the temple: and when the parents

brought in the child Jesus, to do for him after the custom of the law, "Then took he him up in his arms, and blessed God, and said, "Lord, now lettest thou thy servant for the most fun you 1 ye ever had on wheels word:depart in peace, according to thy

"For mine eyes have seen thy 'You'll find a thousand uses for your Trail Blazer. Take it hunting salvation,

or fishing... put it to work on your farm or ranch... use it "Which thou hast prepared before

for runaround duties in your business. the face of all people;

Trail Blazer's twospeed transmission gives you rugged power for "A light to lighten the Gentiles, tough terrain plus highway speeds up to 40 m.p.h. for daily use. and the glory of thy people Israel.

Yes... in either Speed Range... Trail Blazer's exclusive Auto- "And Joseph and his mother

matic Torque Converter takes hold as you throttle up... marvelled at those things which were

automatically! spoken of him.

You'll be farahead on any terrain because Trail Blazer is geared "And Simeon blessed them, and lowerand-slower and higherand-faster than any other Trail Bike. said unto Mary his mother, Behold,

Other Trail Blazer features include: enclosed rear storage area.. this child is set for the fall and

motorcycletype hand controls... and rugged, streamlined design. rising again of many in Israel; and

for a sign which shall be spoken against; nearest at Trail. Blazer Ride it your "VISITORS MIA CONFERENCE shall pierce through a sword dealers.

Visit while our you're salesrooms also, soul ) that the thoughts in Salt Lake thy brochure, for (ownYea, Write complete

City. possibilities. Investigate dealer specifications, prices. of hearts revealed. be many may

"And there was one Anna, a prophetess.... And she coming in

SUPER TRAIL BLAZER TRAIL BLAZER TRAIL BLAZER, Jr. that instant gave thanks likewise

TRAIL BLAZER CENTER 2319 South Main, Salt Lake City

BLAZER SALES CORPORATION

354 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA unto the Lord and spake of him to The Savior's first miracle was perwine for serving was enough of a all them that looked for redemption formed on behalf of his mother. It matter of concern for her that she

in Jerusalem."(Luke 2: 2535, 38.) was at the wedding in Cana. Mary took it to her son. She then turned

At the warning of an angel Joseph must have been closely related to to the servants and told them saying:

took Mary and the young child into the wedding party, for she was pre- "Whatsoever he saith unto you, do

Egypt to escape the evil intent of siding over the dining room. At any it."And she went on with her

Herod and fulfilled a prophecy conrate the fact that they were out of duties, knowing that their need cerning God's Son, made almost two thousand years before, "Out of

Egypt have I called my son."( Num.

24:8.) Or as Hosea puts it, "When

Israel was a child, I loved him and called my son out of Egypt."( Hosea

11:1.) Luke 2:40 reads, "And the child

grew and waxed strong in spirit, filled with wisdom: and the grace of

God was upon him."When a Jewish

boy became twelve, he had attained an advanced station in school and at home. And when accepted by

the priest, he became a son of the law. It was natural for parents to

take their sons when of the prescribed age to attend the Feast of the Passover and be present at the temple ceremonies as recognized members of the congregation. (Jesus

the Christ, p. 113.) Reading from

Luke (2:4352), "And when they

had fulfilled the days [meaning the days of the Passover] as they returned, the child Jesus tarried behind in Jerusalem; and Joseph and

his mother knew not of it.

"But they, supposing him to have been in the company, went a day's journey; and they sought him among

their kinsfolk and acquaintance.

"And when they found him not, they turned back again to Jerusalem, seeking him.

"And it came to pass, that after three days they found him in the temple, sitting in the midst of the doctors, both hearing them, and asking them questions.

"And all that heard him were astonished at his understanding and answers. "And when they saw him, they were amazed: and his mother said

thus hast him,unto thou Son why TASTE ITS TINGLING TARTNESS fatherdealt thy behold, us? with

and I have sought thee sorrowing. Here's Sprite... the spark-a-ling new soft drink that's

"And he said unto them, How is it brisk and bright, crystalclear and icylight. Taste its

that ye sought me? wist ye not that

I must be about my Father's tingling tartness in the bright green bottle with the business? bubbles. From the same company that bottles CocaCola.

"And they understood not the saying which he spake unto them but his mother kept all these sayings in her heart.

Jesus increased in wisdom The most economical food wrap DRINK "And and stature, and in favour with God you can use!and man."ficq A delightful

KITCHEn CHARIT1 whohot beveragedon't drinkforcoffee.those

WAXED PAPER AT YOUR GROCERS MAY 1962 355

would be taken care of. John says: the wife of Cleophas, and Mary What Is the Sin against the

there set there"And six waterwere Magdalene. Holy Ghost?

stone,pots of after of the manner "When Jesus therefore saw his purifying of the Jews, containing mother, and the disciple standing by, ( Continued from page 311 two or three firkins apiece. whom he loved, he saith unto his if these things are not true; and if

"Jesus saith unto them, Fill the mother, Woman behold thy son! ye shall ask with a sincere heart,

waterpots with water. And they "Then saith he to the disciple, Bewith real intent, having faith in

filled them up to the brim. hold thy mother! And from that Christ, he will manifest the truth

"And he. saith unto them, Draw hour that disciple took her unto his of it unto you, by the power of the

out now, and bear unto the governor own home."(John 19:2527.) Holy Ghost.

of the feast. And they bare it. "And by the power of the Holy

"When the ruler of the feast had ESSENTIAL ELEMENT Ghost ye may know the truth of tasted the water that was made all things."(Moroni 10:3-5.)

wine, and knew not whence it was: BY S. OMAR BARKER So important is the gift of the

(but the servants which drew the If you would grow old gracefully, Holy Ghost that through righteous, water knew;) the governor of the Keep loving, laughing, giving; humble obedience to the gospel a

feast called the bridegroom, It also helps considerably person will have the constant com- "And saith unto him, Every man To keep on living. panionship of the Holy Ghost. The

at the beginning doth set forth good discernment of spirits and the power wine; and when men have well to understand and clearly compredrunk, then that which is worse: but Mary is mentioned again after hend the revelations of the Lord

thou hast kept the good wine until Christ's ascension. Acts simply states will be given him. What a glorious

now. that she was with the disciples and privilege this is to be guided con-

"This beginning of miracles did the rest of the women continuing in stantly by the Holy Ghost and to

Jesus in Cana of Galilee, and maniprayer. Nearly two thousand years have the mysteries of the kingdom

fested forth his glory; and his have gone by, and the story of the of God made manifest. How can

disciples believed on him."(John babe with Mary is ever wondrous one read the epistles of Paul or

2:1-11.) and new, the manger ever hallowed, Peter or any of the prophets of old

Mary was at the cross of Jesus. and the star bright with the glory and not understand how these men

John writes it thus, "Now there of their mission and the matchless were in possession of divine authorstood by the cross of Jesus his perfection of the two who played ity and that their minds were enmother, and his mother's sister, Mary the roles on earth. lightened by the teachings and

This Summer Co AUTOMATIC On Your Slides And Snapshots... And Save $34.50!

ZEISS TENAX 35mm CAMERA OUTFIT

Just aim it and shoot for the most beautiful, sharpest slides and snapshots you've ever taken. INCLUDES:

It's really automatic! Fast f2.8 Zeiss Tessar lens

(same as on other cameras costing many times Camera, Leather Case, more). Rapid film advance and many other Cordless Flash, Lens Shade

quality extras.

Formerly $119.00

NOW ONLY

Nothing Down... Only $1.25 Week!

Salt Lake: 273 S. Main - 155 S. Main - 2190 Highland Dr.

Come In, Phone or Ogden: 2443 Washington Blvd.; Provo: 161 West Center St.

Order By Mail Idaho Falls: 446 Park Avenue

356 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA revelations of the Holy Ghost? It "If they shall fall away, to renew "For it had been better for them

is because of this glorious contact them again unto repentance; seeing not to have known the way of rightthat a person may receive and know they crucify to themselves the Son of eousness, than, after they have

with all his soul that Jesus is the God afresh, and put him to an open known it, to turn from the holy comChrist and that his prophets have shame."(Hebrews 6:4-6.) mandment delivered unto them.

spoken the truth; also by his inward

testimony which the Spirit has given. "But it is happened unto them

After this revelation is given should according to the true proverb, the a man turn away and deny the MY PRAYER dog is turned to his own vomit again;

that and the sow was to her washedtruth? It would his eyes be with

in BY ANNIE KENDALL WILSON wallowing the mire."Peter (2open and that the the knowledge

2:2022.)Holy Ghost given of divine had him Lord, to think always pray let me

truth. testimony The of the Spirit he Hence would prove is so himthese three graces For every day:

great, liarself to a be the impressions and and of a unworthy and revegrace will thy to say The done, be place of salvation in the kingdom Grace to control unruly tongue, lations of divine truth so forcefully of revealed that testimony God. that there The to comes comes the this part, greatest last and for And

isof recipient the truth so great a conviction of the through truth the Thee, strength Love with and all myteachings of the forget. that he cannot that Holy Ghost the Therefore, heart.

punishment for a rebellion or sin when a person once enlightened by against the Holy Ghost merits a punthe Spirit so that he receives knowlishment where there is no foredge that Jesus Christ is the Only giveness. Peter also bears his testimony to Begotten Son of God in the flesh

Paul, in writing to the Hebrews the truth that there is no forgiveness and he turns away and fights the gave this warning: for the man who sins against the Lord and his work, he does so

"For it is impossible for those who Holy Ghost. against the light and testimony he

were once enlightened, and have "For if after they have escaped has received by the power of God.

tasted of the heavenly gift, and the pollutions of the world through Therefore, he has resigned himself were made partakers of the Holy the knowledge of the Lord and to evil knowingly. Therefore Jesus

Ghost, Saviour Jesus Christ, they are again said there is no forgiveness for such "And have tasted the good word entangled therein, and overcome, the a person. The testimony of the Holy

of God, and the powers of the world latter end is worse with them than Ghost is the strongest testimony that to come, the beginning. a man can receive.

What's replacing the good old mimeograph?

There's only one machine that can adequately replace your present "old faithful"—a new A. B. Dick mimeograph!

If this surprises you, you're a candidate for a 15 minute demonstration that will bring you up to date on the remarkable advances made in this long used, dependable method of duplicating copies.

Though no stencil duplicator is a printing ""press, your eyes will hardly believe the quality of copies you can produce.

Now you can use photographs, line drawing, solid areas, typefaces and COLORS (five at one time if you wish).

The new A. B. Dick mimeograph is a

precision machine, yet it is as easy to operate as one (attach stencil), two (load paper), and three (flip switch). Inking is

uniform and automatic. New feed system forwards paper smoothly and guards

against jams, slugs and blanks. Feeds

right down to the last sheet. A.5700B.W.DickTouhyCo.,Ave.,Dept.ChicagoIE 5-6248, Illinois

But why not continue this discussion For use with all makes of suitable stencil Please phone me to arrange a demonstration.

in your office where you can see for yourduplicating products. returnPlease mail.send mimeographed sample copies by

self how good mimeographing can be? If Na me.

you don't presently own a mimeograph, Title & Firm.

you still qualify. The new A. B. Dick Addressmimeograph is replacing other types of A-B-DKX City Zone State duplicators, too! Send coupon today! DUPLICATING PRODUCTS Telephone

MAY 1962 357. )

Zippy, the Zions Savings Bug, says..

. i Church Moves On Chinese and Samoan ancestry, was

sustained as stake president with

NOW.. ( Continued from page 306 EldersAtoa asRalphhis counselors.L. Sharp andThereSamueluare protect

2,629 members in Apia Stake which your Elder Henry W. Pieper sustained consists of the following wards:

family as president of Rigby (Idaho) Stake Aleisa, Apia, Campus, Motootua, while with Elders Edwin H. Lee and Lyle Navu, Pesega, and Pesega Second.

you R. Peterson as counselors. They sucThe stake also has two independent

save! ceed President George Christensen, branches: Magi'agi and Tula'ele.

who has served for nineteen years, and his counselors Elders William T. The Sunday School announced Berrett and Alden Poulsen. the appointment of two members on the general board:

Join the Zions Savings & Loan The First Presidency anElders Edgar B. Brossard and Robert

$5,000 Family Security Club nounced the appointment of M. Cundick.

Elder Leslie O. Brewer, presiWith just one small deposit each month. dent of Tucson (Arizona) Stake, to Elder Richard E. Martin susserve as president of the Central tained to succeed President

You accumulate $5,000 in savings American Mission with headquarters Leslie O. Brewer of Tucson

n Your money earns 4%% dividends in Guatemala. He succeeds Presi- (Arizona) Stake, with Elders Lyle Q. President susHancock. Victor C. Veterlaus Crandall and Dean R. yearly dent X has as counselors. President been of the tained a member Brewer Both

You assure your family $5,000 stake presidency for thirteen years, Martin and Elder Crandall served as even should you not live to compresident since 1956. He has been counselors to President Brewer.

plete the plan a teacher and director of music in

Tucson schools for the past thirtyApril 1962

As you save, your money earns two years. He will be accompanied

the big, new 4V4% current dividend to the mission field by his wife Mrs. Elder Kenneth D. Jensen susrate AND... from the very first Nina Brinkerhoff Brewer and the tained as president of Walnut

day you join the $5,000 Family youngest of their six children Myrna Creek (California) Stake, sucSecurity Club, your family is Ruth. The Central American Misceeding President Norman B. Creer.

guaranteed the full $5,000 pure sion is one of the newer mission fields Elders Joseph R. Hilton and Mark

protection insurance, should anyof the Church, having been estab- R. Bickley sustained as counselors.

thing happen to you. It's so easy lished since World War II. HiltonBoth Presidentserved as counselorsJensen andto PresiElder

to save this way! Only $7 a month This was the 120th anniverdent Creer.

at age 20... $9 a month at age sary of the founding of the

30... $15 a month at age 40... Relief Society in the Church. The fiftysixth annual conferand $27 a month at age 50! More than 230,000 women are now ence of the Primary opened

members of this, the Church's oldest this morning on Temple auxiliary. Appropriate programs Square with meetings later in the day

your per were held by the ward and branch scheduled for stake center buildings savings year organizations during this week. throughout the city. This was the

earn the current first time in the auxiliary's history big, new rate The Salt Lake Tabernacle that a threeday annual conference

Choir presented its 1700th was planned.

consecutive weekly radio program to their nationwide radio With President David O.

audience. The program started July McKay presiding and concompounded

15, 1929 as a weekday afternoon ducting, the 132nd annual semipresentation on the National Broadgeneral conference of the Church

II annually casting Company. In joining the convened in the Salt Lake TaberColumbia Broadcasting System in nacle.

Utah's first savings and loan ass'n... 78 years September 1932 it became a Sabbath At the conference it was ansecure. Your accounts insured to $10,000 by morning presentation. nounced that as of December 31,

an agency of the Federal government. Apia (Samoan) Stake, 353rd in the 1961, the Church membership was

roll call of stakes, was organized by 1,823,661-a gain of 130,481 during

Elder Mark E. Petersen of the Counthe calendar year.

cil of the Twelve and Elder John During the sustaining of officers

Longden, Assistant to the Council of Elder Theodore L. (Ted) Cannon

the Twelve, from parts of the Apia was sustained as vicepresident of and Pesega districts of the nearthe Tabernacle Choir.

century old Samoan Mission. Elder Mrs. Arta M. Hale was released as

Percy John Rivers, who was born first counselor to President LaVern 33 E. First South - Salt Lake City and reared in the Church and is of W. Parmley, Mrs. Hale being ap4901 South State in Murray

358 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..!

WANT TO KNOW WHAT'S GOING ON TODAY IN BUSINESS?

pointed some time ago to the Church

Coordinating Council. Mrs. Leone

W. Doxey, formerly Mrs. Parmley's

second counselor, was sustained as first counselor, with Mrs, Eileen R.

Dunyon sustained as second counselor in the general presidency of the

Primary.

A special meeting, under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric was held this evening in the Tabernacle.

Stake presidencies and ward bishoprics filled the Tabernacle to overflowing as they assembled for instruction.

An early morning Church welfare agricultural session began the day for many stake presidencies and bishoprics in the Assembly Hall on Temple Square.

General sessions of the conference were held morning and afternoon in the Tabernacle.

The evening session of conference was a priesthood session. The tabernacle was connected by closedcir-

cuit telephone wire with 320 or more other Church buildings—coast to

coast and in Canada—as priesthood

bearers listened to the counsel given by members of the Presiding Bishopric and the First Presidency. Holders

of the Aaronic Priesthood had been invited to attend this session. In all,

approximately sixty thousand men and boys were in attendance at this meeting.

Fiftytwo television stationscoast to coast—presented parts

or all of the Sunday morning session of general conference. Twenty-four radio stations presented parts

or all of this session. Five shortwave

stations "beamed"this session to

Europe, Africa, and the Caribbean area (in English); and to Mexico

and South America ( in Spanish )

The Sunday afternoon session was the closing session of the 132nd annual general conference. Throughout the sessions, the sermons were

simultaneously translated by a team of translators in the Tabernacle basement and spoken into microphones.

Ward and stake officers—whose

speech was German or Spanishwere sitting in an area of the Tabernacle that had been equipped with earphones. By wearing these earphones they could hear the conference in their own tongues.

traditional Deseret The Sunday title on the door.. rates a Bigelow on the floor

School held in A conference Union was the historic Salt Lake Tabernacle P. S. Wise birds know it naturally! Wise executives know it from experience

this evening. No matter what your business is, be sure to feather your nest with quiet, comfortable, inviting Bigelow Carpets. Special designs, colors and textures available.

Call any Bigelow district office or our Contract Dept., 140 Madison Avenue,

New York, N. Y. People who know... buy BIGELOW.

MAY 1962 359 A TOTAL ELECTRIC 1962 Church Basketball 400 miles one way for the division tournament.

of First Ward director Compton (Continued from page 333) [California] Stake, also Beach Long noted that one player said he had cars loaded with members brought smoked his last cigaret, and he used encouragement and support to its to think praying "was for the birds,"crownseeking team. but now he has tried it and figured

The week began actually on Sunthat was why he felt so different today with the devotional held in the wards life and the Church. He is

Tabernacle. Supt. Carl W. Buehner now working for his temple recomof the YMMIA general superinmend. He is secretary of the MIA

tendency was guest speaker. and Cub Scoutmaster in his ward.

He cautioned the players, coaches, Another fellow came out, played bishoprics, etc., that "the eyes of the basketball, and recently said he plans

world will be upon you during the to be baptized next month. This

week. They will be watching the

way you conduct yourselves. This

will be an inspiration to thousands, BRIGHT IN MY MEMORY and so you can't afford to be anything but champions."BY JOHN RANDOLPH STIDMAN

reminded Buehner Superintendent wonderful A the new glows Bright memory in my it basketto win takes that teamwork thought to live way it to just as win on does ball games gone, long days, Sabbath Of depending "He's team. Lord's the lived heroes and fought Bible When those to reach to help who him on us As mothers voice read on.

help,"or slipping need our be may he said. Within that quiet room we thrilled

UTAH POWER * LIGHT CO. He advised that the basketball To David's valiant deeds.

Buy now from your deafor and other athletic programs of the We saw a people's dream fulfilled,

Church are but steppingstones to the By Moses, from the reeds.

great causes within the Church that

Joseph, Daniel, Saul, bring great things into our lives. We followed mighty Samson's frame, sponAnd the devotional the During

fell, yet, after all, rose and Who teams, for the junior sors, Laurels

Tired of being tired? Try and Gleaners for the seniors, were Carved out immortal fame.

introduced, two to each team. The Old Hebrew kings, with flashing

sponsors were supervised by Phyllis swords, LYMAN'S Sandberg and Virginia Lake of the Rode out to win or die,

DAILY SUPPLY YWMIADale R. Curtis.general board, directed by AndThe foewhenwouldthe battlebreak andwas fly.the Lord's,

great the the case, As is always All-m-One Natural I've heard these tales by able men: of the Church basketball program

thrill their gone. seems of stories to Part inspirational brought some Tablets VitaminMineral soul, touch never as when They my reactivation and light to pertaining

tablets contain every Lyman's Daily Supply on. voice read My mother's roster natural or or believed mineral vitamin team known conversion. Miami The

... to to nutrition important be human was that sheets one player noted suspected of supply vitamins PLUS a generous

of being in the daily diet. needed In this converted and another has become

exactly nature can select the nutrients way, the body requires. very much interested in the Church new investigator said he "wasn't

for Ideal missionaries for as our people at inhomethe...field asall wellage through the program. It is also noted going to sit out next year because of

groups. Order today at address below. that basketball aroused much internot being a member."

desired Check quantities. reported Church Third one of the Oakland day after Ward est. One tablets, 100 $1.95; D Q 500 tablets, $8.95; the at program a high three through converts about 100 students games, tablets, 2,000 $32.50.

Special group discounts for Ward, Stake, school asked all about the game and this year. One man came as a specQuorum, Welfare fundraising projects. possibility of going to the AllChurch tator. A serviceman introduced

You can lose weight with tourney. Several boys expressed a through the program became interdesire to play for the Church next ested, heard the missionary lessons,

SURE MEAL year. One junior varsity boy has and was baptized.

MealIf you'vebest! triedProvidesthe allrest,theyou'llnutritionallike Sureeledecided to give up his high school Tucson team information listed the

ments the body needs in a lowcalorie, highbasketball career next year to play fact that the athletic program pardiet. protein Safe,

size. economical, delicious. for the Church team. He is attendticularly helped weld young married Check flavor and

20Meals, $4.75; Q 40Meals, $9.00; ing the group meetings, and many students and single people into a co-

D 240Meals (Case) $45.00 other contacts have been gained. The hesive unit affecting the priesthood

Defatted Chocolate Butterscotch athletic adviser further notes that and the ward in general.

Vanilla Maple Mark and mail this ad. State your name, the general spirit of the ward has These are only a few of the many

address. Send check or money order to: improved. These teams had to travel stories that have come to the front

DON LYMAN & ASSOCIATES 1087 East 9th South, Salt Lake City 5, Utah

360 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

as a result of the athletic program of (L2mnu New Long Primer Bibles the Church. In many areas converts

are joining the Church through its thanrecreational program. More These features will tell you why in part tookthirtyfive nonmembers

the AllChurch tournament. It is they are the finest Bibles you can buy

quite likely several of these will be members before the next basketball Concordance tournament of the Church is played. Modified Selfpronouncing 04994x

Long type Primer New the told across could beMany stories

Dictionary of Scripture of thelength Church and breadth Proper Names were there room to repeat them. Subject Index

As was noted at the devotional, 100,000 Centercolumn the athletic program is secondary; Chain References

the important thing is to build active 12 pages of maps in color young men and women in the Family Record

Church, increase and develop their Flexible bindings testimonies, to mold them into outRibbon markers standing youths that when their time Levant grain Calf comes for them to accept a missionHalf circuit ary call or other Church responsiSimulated leather lining.arge Print

bilities they will be ready. Round corners Lightweight Portability

Other AllChurch tournaments to Red under gold edges follow in 1962 will be the volleyball Oxford Ultrathin 04884x—A longestablished favorite in

scheduled May 3, 4, and 5; golf, India paper blackletter type. Black or Red. $14.95

softball, 1620 (tentative) Authorized King andJuly James AND NOW Version in Salt 2025, heldAugust all to be the are words..of Christ 04994x—All

Size: 5/8 x 53A x 8 City.Lake red. in 1"printed $15.45

The twofold purpose of the program in the Church for its youth is At your bookseller being fulfilled. It is developing OXFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS / NEW YORK

strong, healthy, active physical bodies; moreover, it is bringing the

gospel of Jesus Christ into their lives and into the lives of others through spiritualized athletics.

PACKmanship The finest automotive service available! Found service your car with the finest automotive equipValiant, Whittier's Treat available. Motor ment car Company, only your at PACK FIRST CAKE

it dealer. Chrysler, the Imperial next and time service needs Plymouth, or—to anyPACKmanshipmake BY W. LUND WANDA

fastidious especially Valiant, model expects and particular Plymouth, Chrysler,—"Anyone who

really service means the moment ARE CONVENIENTLY LOCATED!N WHITTIER what know you WE said that a pinch and of thisMom care of his car can have PACKmanship. You'll and Imperial."

you'll L.D.S. Service into where SERVE Department TO PACK'S MEMBERS THROUGHOUT ALL OF silk. drive as cakes fine make Would

their servicemen friendly CALIFORNIA. greeted SOUTHERN know be by who

She stirred some flour, sugar, eggs—business and who know your car."

A cup or two of milk. "Our fast, efficient, factorytrained mechanics

A pinch of cinnamon and spice Some baking powder, too—

She mixed it with a wooden spoon Valiant

To work the goodness through.

I made my cake quite casually And put it in to cook.

"It's very simple,"Mom had said.

( She never used a book. )

Well, something must have happened, CHRYSLER

For when the time was through,

I peeked into the oven As Mother used to do.

My husband watched it with me, IMPERIAL

And he, I think, wailed louder

Than even I. It lay there flat. (No pinch of baking powder!) PACK MOTOR COMPANY

850 E. Whittier Blvd. Whittier, California

OX 8-0411 RA 3-5179 Dean C. Pack, President

MAY 1962 361 there was a place for a better tire and it'S here. New AMOCO 120 Super Tire. American Oil Company thought: How about a

the that you could just put on your car and forget about? A tire far tougher than anybody else's-one that

would ride like satin and wear like a tank tread. So we got to work and designed such a tire, according to

what our dealers told us you wanted. We drove it over a test track in Texas heat for hours at a screaming

120 mph. Didn't even faze it. If you think a tire this great costs more, you're right. Worth it, though.

Buy a set of AMOCO 120 Super Tires at your American Oil dealer's and nowhere else. Then

Iml forget them. You expect more from American—and you get it. AMERICAN OIL COMPANY AMERICAN

. ) ) )

''ft H'

MELCHIZEDEK to be excused. The active and alert are expected

PR ESTHOOD to come and lend their strength and enthusiasm to the meeting.

3. Try to arrange things so that the meeting takes

up one hour.

4. Write out the order of business, numbering each 'M> item, and give a copy to all quorum members on

arrival. (This is called the agendum in school

and business circles.) When the time comes to

hold the meeting, keep to this agendum. It will

keep things in order.

5. Be certain that all who are to give reports or

present projects and plans are prepared and are concise. Limit their time and work with them

to be prepared.

6. Use as many quorum members as is possible to

make presentations; keep your own talking to

a minimum. (For example: If your committee is

to make a report or present a proposition, have one of the members make the presentation.)

7. What to talk about:

a. Standing committee reports and plans.*

b. Subcommittee reports and plans.*

c. A detailed finance report showing purchases,

THE shouldexpenditures,be doneincome,at each businessand balances.meeting.(This

MONTHLY d. Prayer at opening and benediction at closing.

e. Minutes of the previous meeting. BUSINESS

f Inspiring reports from missionaries being supMEETING ported by the quorum.

Business meetings may be interesting, informative, and g. Reports of successes of other quorums,

a pleasure to attend. Too often they are the reverse. h. Reports from returned missionaries.

But they need not be. It is expected that the quorum i. Successful accomplishments of quorum membusiness meeting will be held monthly—this poses bers may be mentioned, (ie: If a member has

something of a problem for the high priests and the had an especially good year at his farm operaseventies and for elders quorums if these are in more tion, and the members are mostly farmers, he than one ward. All want to hold this meeting on a could tell some of the factors, which helped,

Sunday morning during the regular weekly priesthood and offer to show the less able how he did it.

meeting. This may not be, simply because it is the The same with business enterprises.

desire of the First Presidency that all Melchizedek j. Don't complain to those present about the abPriesthood holders be in their own wards at that sence of those not present. They didn't come

hour unless otherwise assigned. So this has eliminated to hear why someone else should have come.

that period except for elders whose quorum area is Those present are there—do business with

one ward. Choose another time when all can come. them. Make them glad they came. The place

Some meet very early Sunday; others on a week night. to talk about the absentees is at the next

What then are the elements of a good quorum presidency's meeting.

business meeting? *This postulates that you are operating the quorum

1. Choose a time and a place so that it is possible with standing committees, and from them getting work

for all members to attend. done by subcommittees. There is no meeting more

2. Notify members of each meeting. (While you dead than one in which the committees have nothing

are working largely with the less active memto report because committees have not met or have bers, this is one meeting from which no one is had no project.

364 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

PROGRAM FOR COMMEMORATING

THE RESTORATION OF THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD

SUNDAY, JUNE fO, 1962

Talk (15 minutes) Importance and Restoration of the Melchizedek Priesthood.

A. Importance (D&C 2; 68:1315, 19; 86:8-11; 132:7.)

B. Restoration

1. Promised (D&C 2:1; 127:8; 128:17; Documentary History of the Church,

Vol. I, p. 40.)

2. Accomplishment (D&C 78:1; 81:1-2; 112:3032; Documentary History of

the Church, Vol. I, pp. 4042—see note.

II. Talk (25 minutes) "... The Oath and Covenant which Belongeth to the

Priesthood."

A. Definitions

1. Covenant: An agreement between persons or parties

2. Oath ( as here used): A sworn attestation to the inviolability of the promises in the agreement. ( Consult any good dictionary.

B. Melchizedek Priesthood received by oath and covenant (D&C 39:4.)

1. Parties a. The receiver of the priesthood ) /ninooooo

b. The Father )

2. The Father's covenant with the receiver

a. Inviolable (D&C 84:40.)

b. Promises (D&C 84:3338.)

3. The receiver's obligation

a. To magnify his calling (D&C 84:33.)

C. Rewards and Consequences

1. Rewards for obeying (D&C 84:3338; 76:5560; D&C Commentary, 1955

Edition, p. 507.

2. Consequences for breaking (D&C 84:41.)

D. How to Magnify One's Calling

1. Learn the gospel (D&C 11:1522; 19:23; 58:1; 88:118122.)

2. By selfdiscipline, comply with gospel standards (D&C 84:4344; 88:121,

123126.) 3. Serve one's fellow men

a. Through Church assignments

b. Every bearer of the Melchizedek Priesthood should be anxiously engaged in bringing souls to Christ (D&C 58:2629.)

For more information on the oath and cove'nant of the priesthood see Elder Marion G.

Romney's conference address to be printed in the June 1962 issue. The citations given above are merely illustrative not exhaustive.

MAY 1962 365

"H DRESIDING BIS HOPKICS D ACE

THE MORNING BREAKS!"

With the restoration of the Aaronic Priesthood on May in the work of translating the Book of Mormon from 15, 1829, a great blessing was bequeathed to the young the ancient metal plates and desired to know what men of the Church. What a wonderful opportunity it course they should pursue regarding the principle of

is for a young man who lives worthy to be ordained to baptism. To receive their answer, they sought directhis priesthood. tion from on high. This answer came.

This priesthood is also known as the Lesser Priest- "... as from the midst of eternity,"recorded Oliver

hood since it is an appendage to the Higher or MdeniCowdery, "the voice of the Redeemer spake peace to zedek Priesthood. Those who are ordained to the us, while the veil was parted and the angel of God

several offices—deacon, teacher, and priest—attend to came down clothed with glory and delivered the anxthe different temporal matters of the Church and iously looked for message, and the keys of the gospel

receive experience and training in the functions of the of repentance. What joy! what wonder! what amazepriesthood. ment! While the world was racked and distractedAs with all great revelations, the restoration of the while millions were groping as the blind for the wall,

Aaronic Priesthood came in answer to humble prayer. and while all men were resting upon uncertainty, as

Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery had been laboring a general mass, our eyes beheld—our ears heard! As

366 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in the 'blaze of day;'yes, more—above the glitter of Melchizedek Priesthood, which priesthood, John the

the May sunbeam, which then shed its brilliancy Baptist promised, would be conferred upon them in over the face of nature! Then his voice, though mild, due time. On this visit John the Baptist laid his hands

pierced to the center, and his words, 'I am thy fellowupon Joseph and Oliver saying, servant,'dispelled every fear. We listened, we gazed, "Upon you my fellow servants, in the name of

we admired! 'Twas the voice of the angel from glory—Messiah I confer the Priesthood of Aaron, which holds

'twas a message from the Most High, and as we heard the keys of the ministering of angels, and of the gospel we rejoiced, while His love enkindled upon our souls, of repentance, and of baptism by immersion for the and we were rapt in the vision of the Almighty! remission of sins; and this shall never be taken again

Where was room for doubt? Nowhere; uncertainty from the earth, until the sons of Levi do offer again

had fled, doubt had sunk, no more to rise, while fiction an offering unto the Lord in righteousness."(D&C 13.)

and deception had fled forever. But, dear brother, With this ordination he gave them direction to

think further, think for a moment what joy filled our baptize each other. Accordingly, Joseph Smith baphearts and with what surprise we must have bowed, tized Oliver Cowdery, and afterwards Oliver Cowdery

(for who would not have bowed the knee for such a baptized Joseph Smith; and as further commanded,

blessing?) when we received under his hands the they laid their hands upon each other's head and

Holy Priesthood."(DHC 1:43.) ordained one another to the Aaronic Priesthood.

This divine messenger who appeared on this occaSo May 15, 1829 is a day of singular significance to sion and conferred the Aaronic Priesthood upon Joseph all those who subject themselves to the authority of

Smith and Oliver Cowdery was John the Baptist. He the Holy Priesthood and are baptized, covenanting

informed them that he was acting under the direction to labor with all their might in establishing the kingof Peter, James, and John, who held the keys of the dom of God.

USE WISDOM IN SPENDING ward teaching supplement for june

"Put not your trust in money, but put your money in in, the family financial program. With this knowledge,

trust"is wise counsel given by an eminent American 1 each member will become more cooperative in adwhich suggests the need for every person to place justing his needs and wants to conform with the money in its proper perspective in facilitating the family income.

temporal needs of life. History is filled with innuUnfortunately, our society has become saturated

merable stories of sadness because men have placed with people experiencing financial difficulties. Too

money and its acquisition as their prime goal of living. often young couples are lured by easy credit signs

There are other types of extremists who need to and soon find themselves burdened with heavy monthcultivate a more frugal attitude. These are they who ly payments. The following suggestions will help you

have difficulty in realizing and accepting the responsilive happier with your income and will also give bility for adequately providing the necessities of life greater assurances of getting full value for your money.

for themselves and their families. They sometimes 1. Make a definite financial plan to determine your

assume that the providing of their welfare is the income and your fixed expenses.

responsibility of some other individual or organization. 2. Analyze your problems and circumstances reguEach person has a moral obligation to recognize the larly.

resources and the needs of himself and his family. 3. Forget "keeping up with the Joneses"and concenThe process of determining income and outgo and trate on keeping up with the "bills."

making the necessary adjustment is called budgeting. 4. Take twentyfour hours to think over the "nothing

What would you think of a builder who would attempt down, easy monthly payment plan."Analyze its longto construct a building without first having a set of term effect, then pray and make your decision upon

blueprints or plans drawn, detailing the method of the facts.

construction. It is obvious that without planning, the 5. Practise selfdiscipline and develop habits of

costs of the building would soon multiply because thrift.

of mistakes which cause waste of labor and materials. Wise budgeting practices tend to eliminate family

Each family has need for this same type of planning arguments about finances and help the children of in the handling of its finances. Without planning, the family become responsible and worthy citizens by

money is frequently wasted through indiscreet purteaching them to establish goals. In the words of

chasing. The various members of the family should Publilius Syrus, "When the mind rules wisely, money

have an understanding of, and feel a responsibility is a blessing"; hence, wisdom in spending can be

Oliver Wendell Holmes, "The Autocrat of the Breakfast Table."a blessing to any family.

MAY 1962 367

ttm%

TODAY'S FAMILY FLORENCE PINNOCK EDITOR MOTHER'S DAY 1962

***m.

.. jf"fit*-v *|Lm j$; ""'"-*

MOTHER

Everyone has a mother, even mothers.

She is universal.

Songs, poems, plays, and stories are written about Mothers* But she is not a person merely to sing and read about.

She is a person to honor, love, respect,;

and live for.

Word devotion Real live Mother savers is not enough, like little Johnny who said, Mothers are worth "I love you, Mother"; In this great world of things

take That for granted we his taking cap, then really see, saving not do to play And out went he leaving his chores Heading the list is mothers. Their gentleness, patience, strength,

for her that day. Like fresh air, gaiety, and tenderness are priceless.

To show our love We expect them jttst to be. The world needs them, and so do

for Mother little children and big strong men.

we live her way Start a movement to conserve make and come to life Weather Report mothers. Now a mother has a job such words

as thoughtfulness, Fair and warmer—Mothers home! of her own to do. There are "lifeunderstanding, honesty, savers"only she can apply in this

and dependability. conservation campaign. A mother

Everyone has a. < must learn to take care of herself

mother, but there is only so that she can take better care of one Mother. her family. Let us list as mother

Your own very savers"such things as enough sleep, special Mother. comfortable shoes, fresh air, exercise,

nourishing food, regular doctor checkups, work schedules, time for self, leisure with families, hobbies, and fun. Enough, sleep and rest can

TODAY'S FAMILY FLORENCE PINNOCK EDITOR MOTHER'S DAY 1962

change a personality, a disposition, a whole mental attitude; it can make Cook for two meals at Pastry Mix

life worth living. 12 cups sifted flour

Just so can a time for one's self, onetime 2 pounds lard a time to create and recreate, make Twice too many potatoes may be 2 tablespoons salt the sun shine brighter and mother used in another way the next day.

tasks lighter. A work plan is a sure Too big a roast may be served the blendSift inflourlard.andStoresalt intogethercovered andjar

"mother saver."Make lists of duties next day in another formFour times

the cookie recipe saves the time of in refrigerator. This mix will keep

mixing four different batches, etc. nicely for six to eight weeks. For

one double crust blend in lightly a

Man menus by the weA *nd tinyto holdbit ofmixtureicecoldtogether,Water, justin enough% cups grocery shop just once a week. of the pastry mix.

and keep up to schedule. The only

thing to guard against is too tight a schedule; all that can add up to is

tension. A mother needs a creative

outlet; it could be painting, gardening, playing a musical instrument,

writing, decorating, sewing, even cooking. Selfexpression is important

to a whole person. You, as a mother,

will be more interesting if you have special interests of your own.

A true mother knows her own weaknesses, knows that there is always room for improvement. Even

if the past hasn't been perfect, the future can be. You didn't become

in so a day,you you can't make a Freezers give freedom Baking Powder Biscuit either. better It will in a day, you

take time; be patient with yourself. Make double batches of chili, soups,

Most mothers are too severe when casseroles, bread, rolls, etc., and Quick Mix

judging themselves., Be a little freeze in mealsize portions. Go on

tolerant and forgiving of you as a a cooking binge and cook in large 12 cups sifted allpurpose flour person. It will be more fun to live amounts all one day arid freeze the IV2 cups nonfat dry milk solids

with yourself and more fun for results ready to serve on busy days 4 teaspoons salt -- others to live with you if you are to follow. 7V2 tablespoons baking powder

kind to yourself. All the precious 2% cups shortening

attributes of a real mother can be yours with just a little doing.

Take care of yourself, be a person Sift the dry ingredients together in your right, and yOur family will three times. Cut in the shortening

be more proud of you. Of course until evenly distributed and the mixyou will give and give and give, but ture resembles corn meal. Store in

your reward will be so great, you, Use readyprepared mixes and a closed container and keep in too, will say, "It's a wonderful thing foods when they are comparable in refrigerator. Dp not sift but stir

to be a mother."cost and quality to horiiemade. Make lightly before using. When making

Let us list some additional "mother own pie crust and biscuit mixes. biscuits add enough milk to make as

savers,"things to make mother tasks moist f a dough as can be handled easier. and cut.

YOUR SALT LAKE everyLearnmemberto giveof directionsthe familysoworksthat shineAfterwithwashinga handfulwindowsof orcrumpledmirrors all lint is removed in OPTICAL happily as fta team.ft ft ft newspaper;the process.

# # # * HEADQUARTERS Make a cleaning schedule covering:

Use paper cups inside muffin tins 1. Daily tasks

to help the dishwasher.

tasks Weekly EYEGLASSES 2. # * ft #

3. tasks Occasional

CONTACT LENSES 4. Once a season tasks Aluminum foil has 101 uses as

5. Once a year tasks a "mother saver."Use it in the

ARTIFICIAL EYES * # # bottom of the broiling pan to save

HEARING AIDS To keep house in order, clean andelbowbowlsgrease.in theUse refrigerator,it to cap jarsto

a thoroughly day, a room then fish, butter, bacon, once wrap cheese, the over a week go whole house garlic, fruits, etc., cut in refrigerator. 4 LOCATIONS ANNOUNCING quickly.

to line wastebaskets, Use it garbage * * * # Now in Murray 4792 South State Take frequent rest periods. Rest

for a few minutes before you beThe come tired. FRESH OUTLOOK

* * * # * BY EUNICE M. ROBINSON

The sunset sky is amethyst clear, OPTICAL SHOP doingSit downdailyas tasks.often asJustpossiblethe whileright And the maple boughs were never so 420 Boston Bldg. height stool can be a lifesaver when

near; etc. food, ironing, preparing First South 368 East telephone pole at attention * * * * * The East 1062 South 2100 stands,

EM 3-5262 Experiment with new cleaning And the wires shine like licorice methods and products. strands.

Salt Lake City, Utah * # ft * The garden blooms have a waxy

Save stooping by using longsheen;

handled equipment; for instance, a The lawn is shimmering velveteen.

bathtub may be made to shine with nary a bend. Dampen tub and The world seems wrapped in celloregular longhandled broom with phane,

water. Sprinkle the tub with cleanser Viewed through a nice clean winand rub well with the broom. Rinse dowpane. RAIN BIRD out with clean water and dry with

for EVERY sprinkling need towel.

pails, shelves, etc. Use it to catch

Keep house with a sponge in your drippings under juicy pies or to hand. There are many uses for cover food during baking.

these colorful sponges. They take ft ft ft ft o

the place of an oldfashioned dishPlace a big absorbent at door mat cloth in the smelling sweet and keepWhatever all outside doors. feet Clean do not process. to a sponge Use wash requirements your—sprinklinglarge

area, small area, along walls and floors, another for rinsing bring in mud and dirt.

walks, ft # # * on hillsides undertrees,there's a with clear water. Dampen a sponge

Rain Bird model to do and squeeze dry and use to remove Place beds with only headboards the job efficiently without lint from clothes—you will be hapagainst a wall. Beds make twice as

water waste. There are pily at its efficiency. surprised quickly easily and and much more BirdRain Sprinklers which Kneel on soft foam if rubber pads neatly you can walk around both for adjustedcan be any

part of circle, or full when scrubbing or gardening. sides.

circle, and distance of * * * # # $ * s water throw. All give

slow, uniform coverage Use wax to cut down on work. Save steps by storing materials

with maximum Dusting spray wax is wonderful for where they are to be used, such as watering benefits. keeping the dust and lint off furnilaundry detergents by washer, flour,

The same high ture, just spray and wipe. Use a sugar, baking powder, salt, flavoring

quality all floor surfaces. vinyl and hard on wax lids etc. range, by mixer, pan by advancement,

all is floors off rinsed soap Be sure which has * # # # distinguished is before applied. Apply the waxRain Bird throughout the upto-date an recipe file Keepworld for years, is 26 thin possible, as let dry, then wax as

ininherent every Rain to area. cooking handy for again a hardwearing Bird waxsprinkler today. you buy

surface. * # * * #

Literature gladly sent free on request. Mothers should have a desk with

NATIONAL RAIN BIRD SALES & ENGINEERING CORP.

627 N. San Gabriel Avenue, Azusa 4, California

370 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA files for etc.pencils, bills, checks, records, paper, For a Girl's Most Cherished Moment

Keep a shelf filled with quick preparing foods for that emergency. VV edding announceIt will save wear and tear on nerves

to have two or three menus in mind ments for that important and the food on the shelf ready to prepare in a hurry for unexpected event. A wide selection of

guests. styles and cards that would

Another good way of saving time please the most discrimand energy is to serve oven meals inating bride.

often. The preparation can usually

be done early in the day ready to be put in the oven just before serving time. Here are a few oven The West's Finest

dinner suggestions for the meat Printers and Binderscourse!

Barbequed Chops Deseret 6 pork chops cut thick V2 cup vinegar z cup waterV2 cup catsup News 1 bay leaf V2 teaspoon chili powder celery 1 teaspoon seed 33 RICHARDS ST. Press

V2 teaspoon dry EM 4-2581 mustard 1 teaspoon brown sugar SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Vi teaspoon ground cloves xk teaspoon pepper salt to taste 1 tablespoon flour IN YOUR HOME...

the chops Brown on both sides. IN YOUR CHAPEL... in casserolePut and cover with sauce

made by combining all other ingredients. Put lid on casserole. Bake

in 325 degree F. oven for 2 hours.

Spring Baked Lamb

5 pound shoulder of lamb salt m V3 cup pineapple juice m V3 cup orange juice V3 cup water V4 teaspoon cinnamon Sprinkle lamb with salt. Arrange

on rack in shallow roasting pan.

Bake in a 325 degree F. oven for

V/2 hours. Combine remaining ingredients and pour over lamb. Bakeabout one hour more or until therPRATT * LAMBERT

mometer registers 180 degrees F.

Baste lamb with the fruit mixture frequently while roasting.

Countless homes in the area and many of our most beautifully decoTunacoli Casserole rated LDS Chapels are finished inside and out with the finest—Pratt

& Lambert paints and varnishes.

7 oz. can tuna fish

1 package frozen broccoli SALT LAKE GLASS & PAINT CO.

"Decorating Center of the Intermountain Area"330 East 4th South—See your local Pratt & Lambert dealer—Salt Lake City, Utah

MAY 1962 371 1 can cream of mushroom soup % soup can of milk 1 tablespoon chopped pimiento crushed potato chips

FOLDING Split broccoli stalks; cook 3 minutes, drain. Place in buttered cassePEDESTAL TABLES role. Separate tuna, and add to

Direct from factory savpimiento, mushroom soup, and milk, Schools, to Churches, ing f Clubs, Lodges and all organipour over broccoli and top with zations. 1962 1 MONROE

Tables are crushed potato chips. Bake 20 minFolding Banquet J

for quality, durautes in a 400 degree F. oven. *1 unmatched

Partitions bility, convenience and handappearance. some 94 models and sizes for Canned Salmon Supreme use. Write for every

1962 CATALOG FREEBIG Full line Colorpictures. MONROE tables, chairs, 1 pound can red salmon

trucks, table and chair platformrisers, portVz teaspoon salt Write today! partitions. able

THE MONROE CO.. 249 Church St., Colfax, Iowa dash of pepper

I sprinkle of paprika 1 cup sour cream

Drain the salmon, place in a small shallow baking dish, sprinkle with salt and pepper. Pour the sour

cream over it and sprinkle with paprika. Bake in a 425 degree F.

oven about one half hour. Serve

with lemon or lime wedges. BACKYARD FUN

Dinner in a casserole FOR BOYS

AND GIRLS World's Finest B-B-Q Grill Cleaner 1 tablespoon butter

Ashamed of that dirty grill? A tube of new, 1 pound ground beef BY EILEEN M. HASSE

faster Oven Speed Grill Cleaner will have it 1 large onion chopped fine minutes. Just a of in matter asclean new salt 1 teaspoon

it off! That's it it set... let on... washbrush sauce of Worcestershire dash cleaner finest B-B-Q Speed, do. Ovenall you

mustard dry teaspoon generous rest. a the does Forin world, the together, there get children When to write: Fenco magic, Speed's of Ovensample catsup cup Vz% is fun. memorable most always The California. Ojai, 685C, Box P.O.Corporation, beans 1 red kidney can their its in backred in unbreakable, those are times Speed own Oven buyOr beans 1 pork and can 16ounce favorat cents your 98 tube. Just yellowand few needs but a yard. backyard A sugar Ojai. tablespoons brown Corporation, 3 Fenco or ite from market, equipment. of imaginative pieces

will do the rest. and girls The boys

and are inexpensive pieces Cook the meat and onion in the These lightly until Mix browned.

IN YOUR OWN butter bright of for. easily cared A coat pour ingredients and other the with BUSINESS$6.44 will the give on sprayed enamel AN HOUR casserole one hour bake into and a attracfestive a and play equipment THIS ) STEP INTO BOOMING

F. degrees at 350

air. tive INDUSTRY BILLION >19 A YEAR

and chairs, Hundreds play organized a few For this losses will of happenaccidents your of community. things year a box sturdy Easy Pot Roast a table, and

to We'llin show you how is adjust and investigate for to beat. Make dressup hard

insurfor these ends, rail- 5 pounds, thick pot roast applebox chairs from the ance companies,losses government roads, 'offices. You buy NO tools 1 package dehydrated onion soup using four to each chair. One end

equipment. do You or NO of mushroom undiluted cream 1 can will the will the back; one be become prior selling. need You NO

you education. higher And or experience soup for will seat; used square be one and Right home. out of own your operate can

$6.44 average an Investigators Accident independentnow leg. side, the making and arm each Start partsame. the to quickly do train you We'llhour.

InvestiAccident for Fill an the need if employed.time now roast aluminum heavy Place on at nailed can seat back be and The explains area. booklet in Colorful your specialistgation

part. obligation your on Absolutely noeverything. foil. the top, over soup the Pour chair to tilted the angle a make

sprinkle the dehydrated onion soup more comfortable. These chairs are

MAIL NOW for FREE BOOK over this. Wrap and seal the foil sturdy, can be assembled in minutes,

UNIVERSAL SCHOOLS tightly. in uncovered an Place tip easily. will not and Hillcrest Ave., Dept. N-3 I 6801 for roast 5 hours 4 to roaster and ideal play table for 5, Texas Dallas an make To

FREE your on Accident Please book rush me at 250 degree F. The juices make the backyard use four orange crates Investigation. This not obilgate does me and

no salesman will call. a delicious readymade gravy. or apple boxes. Nail them together

I Try this recipe. You will be surto make a square base with shelf

Name Age prised and delighted with the results. space for the toys. A large circle

Address

CityZone State (Approved by Government for Veteram Training)

372 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I I I

I THIS IS A VERY BUSY HONEY BEE I

MAKING HONEY FOR NABISCO II SUGAR HONEY GRAHAMS II And that's a job that takes lots I f of honey. Because so many

people eat so many Nabisco Sugar Honey Grahams. Because

they're the graham crackers made with pure country honey and real graham flour. Extra

delicious and extra nutritious.

America's favorite betweenmeal cracker. Get them in the

economical 2-pound package. <

NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY

l of pressed wood can be nailed to play with or what they make in the the boxbase to make a wonderful backyard. The real pleasure comesTHE

table with no sharp corners. from the challenge of making someAn assortment of hats, purses, thing from nothing.

DIRECT SHOPPER policemen's whistles, and cowboy A small boy once looked at his gear will add the right touch for expensive Christmas toy. With a

either boy or girl play. Card tables puzzled look he turned to his

equipped with worn tablecloths or mother.

sheets or blankets can become "What can you do with it?"he

houses, tepees, or castles. Backyard asked. The toy was complete and

fun is really fun when the children finished. There was no challenge.

can use their imagination. Assortments of very large blocks

A smooth plank a foot wide and are sure to present a challenge to eight to ten feet long can be rubbed the boys and girls in the backyard.

with old bread wrappers to make it Large packing boxes and a few slippery. Combined with a sawwooden shingles will keep children

horse and boxes for climbing up, happy for hours.

FAUCET SEALER. Positively ends dripping this makes an ideal slippery slide. Many kinds of swings can be

faucets. Flattened Ball Design forms perfect Elevated from the ground with erected to keep children busy. The

Brass seat. seal bearing top faucet against sturdy blocks, the wooden same is exciting newest and most swing

distributes eliminating pressure evenly wear thriller plank a for becomes a large disk. from the made wooden A fit all sizes grind. seal or 2 turn not does as toddler and a hill for trucks and circle foot in a diameter can be cut large faucets. small, 2 standard of Pack 3

sealers $1.00 postpaid. No C.O.D's. J. D. cars. from basswood or plywood. Drill

DISTRIBUTING CO., P. O. Box 378, Dept. M4, for easy pool splashing An can a hole through the center. Draw

California. Alameda, old be an from laundry tub made a sturdy hole, the rope through

sunk into a hole in the yard. The knotting the rope on the underside

tub can be easily lifted out for of the disk. Now tie the rope to a

emptying. It can be filled with the tree, clothesline pole, or rod that

garden hose. has been erected for swings. You

To make a skating pond for cold will want several of these monkey weather, level off an area and bank swings, for every child in the it up with a sixinch wall of dirt. neighborhood will love swinging

After the ground freezes, flood this from a single rope.

area with the garden hose. Allow it There are endless games that can

to freeze in layers until you have a be played in the backyard. One of

smooth skating surface. Your garden the best is Backyard Golf. Use

golf sticks to strike balls area will make an ideal skating area homemade

ALLPURPOSE DUPLICATOR FOR $36.95. NEW

golf balls. of about the size winter. out Lay The Duplicator multiin ColorWink makes vivid,

color copies of anything you can type, trace, For the bigger boys there is alyour course any way you want it or draw. With no gelatin and no messy ink, ways basketball. A bushel basket, around your backyard. Sink small

this amazing machine is quick and simple with the bottom removed, or a cardtin cans here and there. The object

for to use, yet wellbuilt a child enough to board box with no bottom makes is to follow the course, shooting the lifetime, fully last a guaranteed. and Hundreds of organizations and individuals a good basket for shooting. This ball into the cans. You make your

throughout the Church are finding it ideal for can be attached to the garage or a own ground rules.

all their duplicating needs. Write to ROBERT tenfoot pole. Wishie Washer is a game for the

H. BREINHOLT ASSOCIATES, Dept. 10, Box Empty kegs or barrels and boxes small, tall, and inbetweens. Sink

993, Salt Lake City, Utah.

can be sanded and made free of two tin cans into the ground about slivers. With ends removed these ten feet apart. Use large metal

make ideal backyard fun. Youngwashers for tossing into the can. The

sters love to crawl through them tin can should be a little larger than and roll over them. Painted bright the washers. Players stand at one

/ Wted colors, they make attractive addican and pitch the washers into the tions to the play equipment. opposite can. Each player tosses

One of the most memorable afterfour washers. A washer in the can

noons I spent as a child was in a counts 5 scores. The closest washers

backyard with twofoot lengths of count 1 score.

telephone poles. These made ideal Touch Ball is a game that requires

logs for just sitting and watching the little equipment. You need a rubcloud formations. But we didn't stop ber ball, some strong cord, and a DISTRESSING PROBLEMS SOLVED DAILY.

Your daily anxieties and fears are quickly with clouds. There were endless tree or pole. Tie the rubber ball to

LIFE"dispersed by OF the "WHEEL... a things to be built with these logs. a length of cord (four or five feet) that the inspired idea makes skillful and

of very real guiding The Bible a words aid to Mostly, we laid out floor plans for and tie the cord to a pole or tree so living in times. Thirtysix these tempestuous

of the most troublesome problems, worry, houses in which we never did get the ball hangs about three feet from to depression, anger, sorrow, personal name the to play. the ground. Make a circle around are listed of a few, around the edge

WHEEL OF LIFE. Simply turn the arrow dial It isn't important what children the tree or pole, using crayon or

to that problem to find Book, Chapter and

Verse for guidance from your Bible. An inspiration to all. Send $1.00 (ppd.) to WHEEL

OF LIFE, Dept. IE-5, 5880 Hollywood Blvd.,

Hollywood 28, California.

374 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ) ].

This is the place to stay in Salt Lake Citypaint. Two players may play. One

stands on one side of the tree and one on the other side. The player HOTEL UTAHstrikes the ball with the palm of

itthe trying the hand touch to make and MOTOR LODGE (tree line six above the crayon about feet from the ground). Each time

the ball touches the tree above the SWIM at the Motor Lodge crayon line counts one score for the DINE at the beautiful new player who struck it. SKY Room, atop the hotel

An attractive beanbag box is a or the Coffee Shop welcome addition to any backyard. or the Crossroads Restaurant

Cut yours from plywood with a cop- (Motor Lodge) ing saw and mount it on wooden blocks so it stands at a 45degree SEE the outstanding scenic angle. Make yours in the shape of attractions nearby

a clown's face which is easy to draw. Make holes for each eye, the YOUR CHOICE of downtown locations,

nose, and the laughing mouth. Count adjacent to Temple Square

5 points each time the beanbag is Modern, air conditioned rooms thrown through the mouth, ten Write or phone DAvis 8-91 14 for reservations points for each eye, and 15 for the nose. Paint your clown gaily and

make a supply of 4-inch beanbags.

All children 2 to 20 will have fun.

Play equipment should be easy to Billy Kid store in the garage or basement. It

should be flexible enough in purpose so the children can use their You'll be proud of your boy in Billy the Kid theirown imagination and make own perfect fitting jeansrules. should Every backyard a Texans—America's most be

haven of makeand-do, makebelieve,... QualiSized to fit a boy by age and build

and good competitive games. The as if they were measuremade just for him..

boys and girls are bound to remember your backyard if you spend a tailored of 100% premium cotton denim that's few hours and several cents making Stabilized to withstand the toughest wear.

fun possible.

The bonded SAF-T-NEE insures double life, and

Billy the Kid jeans are VatDyed and Sanforized.

Sizes 4 to 12 2.98

Groundbreaking for Oakland Temple Set Available at department stores and boys'shops throughout the Rocky Mountain region and at ( Continued from page 303

abbey where Joaquin Miller wrote "Columbus"and some of his other wellknown poems.

The Oakland Temple is designed in Salt Lake City wjeeww6*** by Harold W. Burton, Church

Architect.

President McKay has long been associated with temple activity. In IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS YES!

simple of Canker, in treatment Aids of the laid the cornerstone1915 he Your WardStake M.I.A., Rethroat sore minor mouth and otherAlberta the Temple, and in 1940,

cornerstone for the Idaho Falls and throat irritations. lief Society can make money.

Temple. As President of the Church We Rent:he has dedicated the Swiss, Los HALL'S REMEDY Snow Cone Machines, CandyAngeles, New Zealand, and London Salt Lake City, Utah Floss Machines, Popcorn Matemples. chines

Sell: We

'''.JSfc'"*:: Syrups, PopFountain Candy, B-iaaaa es plaqu

Dignified, s unobtrusive plaque corn, Paper Cups signifying generosity your Unless we continue to grow

Handtooled or alu bronze to die. begin we HONOR minum. THEATRE CO. DISTRIBUTING CANDY WRITE FOR CATALOG. | ROLL

1-9 62 | NEWMAN BROTHERS. INC EM 4-3669

1 677 W. 4 St., Cincinnati 3, O 225 West So. Temple Salt Lake City, Utah

MAY 1962 375 WHAT IS A LATTERDAY SAINT????

A LATTERDAY SAINT is a wife who spends all afternoon baking lasagne and whipping up a cake and then takes her family to the Church bazaar, where her 2$ A good husband pays a dime-a-dip for the lasagne and buys back the cake from the Country Store.

SAINT is a person with six sacks of wheat in his garage and a o ri iv?J IC-y A LATTERDAY

super -market across the street.

A LATTERDAY SAINT bishop is a man who holds down a fulltime job in a lumber mill to support his family, pays tithing, fast offerings, budget, building fund, and missionary fund and then smiles when a stranger asks him how much he averages per annum from his congregation.

A LATTERDAY SAINT is a woman who "never gets her ironing done"because

Relief Society is on Tuesday.

A LATTERDAY SAINT is a child who prays but does not expect miracles; he

takes them for granted. JZfo

A LATTERDAY SAINT is a man who orders milk and smiles when the waitress confesses that she has an ulcer, too.

A LATTERDAY SAINT is a Doctor of Philosophy who listens as his fourteenyear-old companion gives a ward teaching lesson to a ward family. El?

A LATTERDAY SAINT is a twoyear-old who sings at the top of her voice during the Sacrament hymn and gets smiles from the chorister.S

A LATTERDAY SAINT MIA superintendent is a man who calls a 6:45 meeting

to prepare for the 7 o'clock meeting which prepares for the 7:15 meeting in

which plans for the 7:30 meeting (which is MIA) are made.

A LATTERDAY SAINT is a young teen who has a math test on Wednesday and brings his sociology book to MIA on Tuesday night.

A LATTERDAY SAINT is an elderly woman who neither sees nor hears well but sits quietly in Church basking in the Spirit as friendly arms go around her and loved ones take her hand.

A LATTERDAY SAINT is me, because I could never be anything else. ME

JOANNE FRANKLIN

376 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA By intelligent consideration, not by chance, nance and unequalled strength, combine with many of our magnificent chapels are built of durability and beauty everlasting in almost brick. Skilled architects, builders and church every color of the spectrum. Whatever your

committees have long known of the superior building plans, look to brick for the qualities qualities of brick: Low initial cost, no maintethat endure.

ytfa* &Zds?6rt*t#fC*mv/ /a&dfc

3 10 SOUTH 110 EAST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

For this reason, most professional people have wellplanned life insurance programs to provide Is your security.

Beneficial Life offers a variety of plans of professional to tailored the needs especially life insurance families. their Your Beneand men and women

ficial Life agent—truly a professional in his own

of the benefit to offer field you—will be happy Beneficial? in your reviewing his experience and training

own life insurance program. Call him soon!

Lawyers, doctors, dentists... in fact most

selfemployed professional men and women...

have a common problem: they do not have socialsecurity, paid vacations, and many of the other BENEFICIAL LITE

"fringe"benefits that have become so much a (0mipanu part of the pattern of modern business and industry. Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah