President David O.McKay

Beloved is the word that eomes to mind. And

this graeious kindly, inspired man fits the word in every way.

As one sees his Huntsville home and hears of lessons learned in ehildhood, there is new understanding of the sentenee that he uttered, which has been cited worldwide: "No other success can

compensate for failure in the home."

If only in each home all young people in this world could be taught the lessons he has learned!

Wc witness to the world that this beloved, re\ered man is a prophet of God in the literal, biblical sense, even as all those to whom God has given this holy calling.

There are millions worldwide, both in the

Church and out, who send their love and blessing for his peace and health and happiness and inspired leadership on the ninetysixth anniversary of his birth. God bless this majestic, compassionate man and be with him in all the days and years

.. that are to b

The RICKS COLLEGE

It is a paradox that men will gladly devote time every day for many years to learn a science or art; yet will expect

to win a knowledge of the gospel which comprehends all sciences and arts, through perfunctory glances at books or occasional listening to sermons. The gospel should be studied more intensively than any school or college subject.

They who pass opinion on the gospel without having given it intimate and careful study are not lovers of the truth, and their opinions are worthless.—ELDER JOHN A. WIDTSOE

* DPPDRTUNITIE5 IN

Spiritual Growtli Leadersliip

Activities Academic Achievement

New Friendships Recreation FOR INFORMATION WRITE:

DIRECTOR OF ADMISSIONS RICKS COLLEGE REXBURG, IDAHO 83440 / if X ''YOUR CHURCH COUEGf IN IDAHO

Stories and Pictures

, -: Wf-W-ii0S9'P'i That Make the Bible Live

THE STORY OF DAVID

AND GOLIATH Accepted in thousands of Still David did not flinch. homes of all

Instead, he calmly took one of faiths.

the stones from his bag, put it in his sling, and threw it with all his strength at the advancing Book size, 7 x 9A inches.

giant. The watching thousands

held their breath. Actual size of print.

Just one of over 400 stories presented with simplicity, beauty and clarity by

Arthur S. Maxwell, dean of Bible storytellers. Every page opens to a fullcolor PARENTS value The Bible Story as a powerful

illustration. Stories are written in assistant in the job of character building. Each of the

modern language, short enough to hold 400 Bible stories brings the color and excitement..

the attention of readers of all ages. and all the adventure... in the lives of famous men

. the greatest influence and women of Scripture.

for good in the world today r.. becomes easy to read and understand.

Here are found the important lessons NO\V the whole Bible in living color as appealing in life for your child. as color television

.

PREVIEW the Entire 10 VOLUME Set

NO COST

or obligation

Read about all 10 volumes of The Bible Story right in your own home.

ONE—The Book of Beginnings

TWO - Mighty Men of Old THREE - Trials and Triumphs FOUR—Heroes and Heroines

FIVE - Great Men of God SIX—Struggles and Victories

SEVENWonderfulJesus

EIGHT—Prince of Princes

NINE -King of Kings TEN - The Final Victory

SIX ten THE PERFECT GIFT for boys and girls of all ages..

for enjoyment by the whole family.

II Inill 1 rpif3)>( brings you 400 character building stories from LI IS/illhr > UlKiy the Greatest Book ever written... wiU capture

and stimulate the growing child's imagination. Fully crossindexed to help you

find ready answers to your child's questions. Written in modem language and

printed in clear, easy to read type. Also available in French, Spanish and German.

NO POSTAGE NEEDED NO OBLIGATION

TREE Preview BOOKLET MAIL CARD TODAY 36 pages actual book size—stories and pictures children love.

LOOK FOR THE POSTAGEPAID REPLY CARD INSIDE BACK COVER r

READERS PRAISE THE BIBLE STORIES an introduction to the Bible which the child will to of able understand today bePARENTS, TEACHERS. JUDGES,

the as of adult Complete letters on file LEADERS,CHURCH YOUTH AND Congregational are volumes tomorrow."Pastor—"The build books goodall agree: Good School Superintendent—"I have charSunday just the to start yoxingsters is needed what

interest at children the the been amazedacter and help people young to meet toward an imderstanding and knowledge. in Bible Story. The.. The shown of the Bible."successfully realities the of life. Just have

as good food builds strong bodies, so books are a wonderful help in teaching."Presbyterian Church Pastor—"I heartily

set to as all parents interestreading, togood books build healthy minds. Principal,ion that theyCatholicshouldSchool—"Itbe in everyis homemy opinand ingcommendand wholesomethis and ChrisColor photos by Marvin Polin every classroom. These books can serve as tian mothers, fathers, and older relatives."

On the Cover:

The Voice of the Church September 1969 Volume 72, Number 9

Portraits of President David 0. McKay at

five different periods of his life are reproSpecial Features duced on this month's cover to commemo- 2 The Editor's Page: Our Places of Worship, President David 0. McKay

rate his ninetysixth birthday September 8. 4 Paintings of Captain Cook and Cortez

These are: 1) young David 0. McKay at about 6 The Great White God Was a Reality, Elder Mark E. Petersen

age five; 2) in his early twenties as a young 10 It All Began, Dennis Smith

university graduate; 3) in his middle thirties 11 The Renewal of the Earth to Paradisiacal Glory, Dr. Hyrum L. Andrus

as a young member of the Council of the 14 In Huntsville, Mabel Jones Gabbott

Twelve; 4) in his early 80's, during the first

years as President of the Church; 5) today, in 16 Man Is An Agent Unto Himself, President Alvin R. Dyer

his eighteenth year as Prophet, Seer, and 33 Some Uncommon Aspects of the Mormon Migration, Dr. T. Edgar Lyon

Revelator of The Church of Jesus Christ of 79 One Vote Can Change History, Henry C. Nicholas

Latterday Saints. The painting, done from 85 A New Look at the Pearl of Great Price: Part 8, Facsimile No. 1, by the

photographs, was conceived by Improvement Figures, Dr. Hugh Nibley

Era art director Ralph Reynolds and executed Regular Features by Dale Kilbourn, a prominent Salt Lake City 26 The LDS Scene artist. 56 Presiding Bishop's Page: The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth About

This month is the first time the Era has the Family, Bishop John H. Vandenberg

used a gatefold or foldout cover. 60 Today's Family: What Should Schools Teach Our Children? Mabel

Jones Gabbott 68 Lest We Forget: "I Was Asleep at My Post,"Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

70 Teaching: The How of Brotherhood, Dr. P. Wendel Johnson

President McKay playing horseshoes in London, 1924. 76 The Church Moves On

80 Buffs and Rebuffs 82 These Times: New Patterns in World Affairs, Dr. G. Homer Durham

96 End of an Era 40, 63, 69, 77 The Spoken Word, Richard L Evans

Era of Youth 41 55 Marion D. Hanks and Elaine Cannon, Editors

Fiction, Poetry 28 A Patronym for Hu Chan, Robert J. Morris

Poetry 13, 22, 30, 76, 78, 80

Reynolds, DavidEleanor0. Knowles.McKayArt Director;andWilliamRichardNormanT. L.Sykes.F.Evans,Price,EditorialEditors;Staff Artist.Associates;Doyle L. Green.MarionManagingD. Hanks,Editor;EraAlbertof YouthL. Zobell,Editor;Jr.,ElaineResearchCannon,Editor;EraMabelof YouthJonsAssociateGabbott, EditorJay M ToddRalph

G.ThayerContributingCarlosEvans,Smith,Editors.S.Jr.,GlennGeneralSmith.Manager;AdvertisingFlorenceRepresentatives.S. Jacobsen, AssociateG. HomerGeneralDurham,Manager;FranklinVerlS. F.Harris,Scott, BusinessJr., Hugh Manager;Nibley, SidneyA. Glen B.Snarr,Sperry,CirculationAlbert LManager;Payne,

Improvementsubscriptions,Superintendent,Associations2 years,Young$5.75;Men'sof The3MutualChurchyears, Improvement$8.25;of JesuseachChristAssociationsucceedingof Latterdayofyear.The $2.50Saints.Churcha yearofAll Jesusrightsadded Christtoreservedthe ofthreeyearLatter-daySubscriptionprice;Saints.35price,single1969,$3.00copyanda year,exceptpublishedinforadvance;specialby the OMutualmultipleissues.General

the Salt class Utah, as second matter. for Acceptance mailing at of rate special for provided postage in section 1103 Enteredact 1917,Post Octoberat 2,City, LakeJuly Office,authorized 1918.

is The ofImprovement responsible for manuscripts contributions. but ort welcomes Manuscripts are paid for acceptance and must be sufficientEra by accompanied notpostage delivery return. unsolicitedand

notice Thirty for required days'of address. label include address from issue a recent of the magazine. Address

cannot changes be unless address thechangeforold well ismade Whenas as change,is the included.please orderingnew onea

Official Priesthood organ of the Quorums, Mutual Associations, Improvement Teaching Home Committee,

School System, Music Committee. and Church other agencies of The Christ Church of Jesus of Latterday Saints.

The Improvement Era, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

The Editor's Fkge

Places otWlOurPresidenit David O. McKay Wo

Why does The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterof us fail to appreciate; second, an environment; and

day Saints build chapels? third, what we make of ourselves. It is for this

There are two purposes for which each chapel is third potentiality that the Lord holds the individual constructed: first, that it might be the place where responsible.

all may be trained in the ways of God, and second, The buildings of the Church are an enviroimient—

that in it all might glorify our Father in heaven, who a holy environment—that contributes mightily to the

asks for nothing more of his children than that they character development of those who come there.

might be men and women of such noble character Beautiful as our chapels are, they are nothing unless as to come back into his presence. they are used. They are built in order that men,

The Lord has said in modern revelation: "... this women, and children may come to them to receive

is my work and my glory—to bring to pass the immortraining and development that will contribute to pure

tality and eternal life of man."(Moses 1:39.) The more and righteous living in developing character and inwe understand of that remarkable revelation, the more creasing faith in God, in whose honor the chapels

profound the gospel becomes and the more philoare constructed.

sophical it is for granting the existence of God, the It has been my privilege, as a servant of the Lord,

Creator of all things. Of what use would this glorious to dedicate many chapels. As I have stood at the

earth and all the uncounted wonders of the heavens pulpit to speak and counsel before offering the dedibe, if it weren't for men—the children of God? What catory prayer, I have often voiced these thoughts:

would rocks and seas and minerals be, to a creation, A completed chapel is a credit to the members, to except as a means to glorify and make possible the their skill, to their judgment; it is a credit to the

advancement of his children? Thus, his work and his Church. It also stands as a monument to brotherhood

glory is to bring about the immortality and eternal and good will. I am not overstating when I say that

life of his children. those who have participated in building chapels have

That can be done only if we conform to God's laws. never thought more of one another than they have

That is why he has given us the gospel, and why during the effort they have put forth in erecting a each individual must work out his own salvation. chapel. They have not done it for themselves; they

Individuals come armed with three potentialities: have had the worship of God in mind, and God will

first, by birth, inheritance—a possession that too many reward them for their efforts.

Improvement Era

Each of our chapels is built for the worship of God. is saved no faster than he gains the knowledge of

This is where real communion will take place if we God's plan.

come in the right spirit. Our classrooms are used for this purpose not only

I think of the apostle Peter, that practical fisherman. on Sunday for priesthood and Sunday School meetings

He was not a theologian when he was called by the but also during the week for meetings of the Primary

Savior, but in less than three years, in spiritual enand the Mutual Improvement Associations.

vironment, he became one of the great spiritual leaders In our Relief Society rooms, mature women, usually of all time. It was he who wrote in one of his epistles, mothers, learn how to render service to others, to be

"... that by these ye might be partakers of the divine unselfish with their time and talents in matters pernature."(2 Pet. 1:4.) Peter had reached a spiritual taining to the Church as they are in the responsibilistate in which he sensed that he was a partaker of the ties of their own homes.

divine power that comes from God through the Holy In our cultural halls, our people gather together

Spirit. for sociability in an environment that is uplifting. Men

In our meetings in*our chapels we also can partake are social beings; they do not live by themselves

of the divine power if we come to worship God in alone, and they must remember that all that they the proper spirit. Thus our meetings in our chapels send into the hearts of others comes back into their

should be quiet and orderly. It is glorious to partake own.

of the sacrament in silence, so that each may commune Many chapels have baptismal fonts. Parents, let

with himself as he partakes of the emblems of our your child know what it means to have a repentant

Lord's sacrifice. spirit, that he may go down in the waters of baptism

Think of it—if we have a million, two million, or ten and make a covenant to keep God's commandments

million members each Sabbath day, parents and and then to come forth in the newness of life, that children, sitting together as families, and all saying, he might so live that he may be a partaker of the "I am willing to take upon me the name of Christ divine power through the Holy Ghost.

and always have his spirit to direct me."There is Thus we see that our chapels, which are built and

nothing higher. That is why chapels are built. dedicated to the work of the Lord, are places of

In the classrooms of our buildings, we are taught worship, structures in which we may truly glorify the principles of the gospel, remembering that a man our Father in heaven. O

September 1969 '-'A54< d'lfc.-r. it m

Hawaiians Welcome Captain James Cook as a God

s i

4toiM#

d* U', / \:i

I % iw 11

K '%jpS.\u 'L >> "*. 4*..frx':-

rlff> ',,,.y -Wv 'ill

lV i5r;s or **JLMi.*v> Paintings by Sam McKim

Montezuma Honors Hernando Cortez as a Returning God

The Great

Was a RealitvBy Elder Mark E. Petersen

of the Council of the Twelve

The Great White God of ancient America still lives! And that he promised to return in a second coming

In the discoveries and writings of archaeologists is an acknowledged, scriptural fact, well attested by and historians, he now stands out as an unassailable subsequent historical accounts.

reality. The mystery that so long veiled the puzzling The tradition of a White God in ancient America

traditions of the natives is swept aside by modem was preserved through generations of Indians from research and newlv found but centuries old documents Chile to Alaska, and has been significantly persistent that open a widely expanded view of this divinity and likewise among the Polynesians from Hawaii to New his labors in the western hemisphere. Zealand.

There was such a God! In their main details all such traditions agree. They

He did come to America, long before the time of differ in name and in minor details from island to

Columbus. island and from countiy to country, but the overall

He taught the ancients his true religion, raised outline remains the same—there was a Great White

some of their dead, healed many of their sick, taught God. He came among their forefathers, ministered

new and more productive methods of agriculture, and for a while, and then left again. Some say he ascended

established a government of equality and peace. to heaven.

He came suddenly and left suddenly in a superOf such veracity is the information now available natural manner. concerning him that Paul Herrmann was induced to

The ancients regarded him as the Creator, come to say in his book The Conquest of Man:

earth in bodily form. "Carefully considered this leaves no conclusion

Who can doubt evidence that now mounts so high? open than that the Light God Quetzalcoatl was a real

That he was a Christian divinity none can successperson, that he was neither an invention of Spanish fully deny. propaganda nor a legendary figment of Indian imagiThat his teachings were akin to the Bible is now nation."(P. 72.),

readily admitted by many. This being was known as Quetzalcoatl in parts of

Improvement Era

Mexico, primarily in the Cholula area. He was Votan This faith led to disaster, however, when the

in Chiapas and Wixepechocha in Oaxaca, Gucumatz Spaniards came to America and when Captain Cook in Guatemala, Viracocha and Hyustus in Peru, Sume in sailed to the Hawaiian Islands. But these tragedies

Brazil, and Bochica in Colombia. served only to reinforce the evidence of his reality.

To the Peruvians he also was known as Contici or When the Spanish Conquistadores reached South

IllaTici, Tici meaning both Creator and the Light. America, one of Pizzaro's lieutenants strode ashore

To the Mayans he was principally known as Kukulcan. wearing his helmet and breastplate and carrying a

In the Polynesian Islands he was Lono, Kana, Kane, shining musket. Hp made an impressive appearance.

or Kon, and sometimes Kanaloa—the Great Light or Natives on the shore watched him in amazement.

Great Brightness. He also was known as KaneAkea, He was a white man! As Pedro de Candia strode

the Great Progenitor, or Tangaroa, the god of ocean toward them, they knelt before him and began to say and sun. "Viracocha, Viracocha."It puzzled the gallant Pedro.

What did he look like, this Great White God? The natives drew nearer, surrounding him. Somewhat

He was described as a tall, white man, bearded, fearful himself, he fired his gun into the air, expecting and with blue eyes. He wore loose, flowing robes. to frighten the natives away. But they did not move.

He came from heaven, and went back to heaven. Instead they whispered, 'Ilia Tiki, Ilia Tiki,"meaning,

And what did he do when he came? He healed "the god of lightning."

the sick, gave sight to the blind, cured the lame, and The Indians thought he was their returning white raised some of the dead. He taught a better life, god Viracocha, and that with his gun he controlled

telling the people to do unto others as they would be both thunder and lightning.

done by, to love their neighbors as themselves, and Hernando Cortez was likewise believed to be the to always show kindness and charity. returning White God as he came to Mexico in 1520.

He seemed to be a person of great authority and When the coastal natives saw that he was white, a unmeasured kindness. He had power to make hills leader among his men, and that he came in a large

into plains and plains into high mountains. He could ship with white sails, they ran hurriedly to their ruler

bring fountains of water from the solid rock. Montezuma and announced that the Great White God

In addition to giving them rules on how to live had arrived.

peacefully together, he urged them to greater learnThis had a striking effect upon Montezuma. He

ing, and also taught them improved methods of agriremembered that when he was crowned as emperor, culture. the priests of the Aztec cult reminded him: "This is

One of the remarkable things about his coming not your throne; it is only lent you and will one day

was that he appeared after a period of darkness in be returned to the One to whom it is due."(Pierre

all the land, during which the people had prayed for Honore, op. cit., p. 66.)

a return of the sun. While the darkness yet prevailed, Montezuma immediately made plans to greet Cortez

"they suffered great hardship and made great prayers with all the respect he owed to the White God whom and vows to those they held to be their gods imploring his Aztec religion had taught him to expect. Precious

of them the hght that had failed."As the light regifts were brought to Cortez; the riches of the realm

turned, then came this "white man of large stature were opened to him. He was honored as a deity

whose air and person aroused great respect and indeed. But his treachery soon changed that, and

veneration.... And when they saw his power, they warfare resulted. Montezuma lost his throne and his

called him the Maker of all things, their Beginner, life. But the tradition remained.

Father of the sun."(Pedro de Cieza de Leon, The When Captain James Cook sailed into the peaceful

Incas. ) waters of the Hawaaan Islands, he too was mistaken

This personage, as he taught his religion, also urged for the White God. The natives there, like their relathe people to build great temples for worship, and tives in America, had long expected the second coming

his followers became very devout. ( Pierre Honore, of their Great White God.

In Quest of the White God, p. 16. ) As he left them, Seeing Captain Cook, a white man of high comhe promised his second coming, which caused the mand, sailing in a large ship with great white sails

natives to look for his return even as the Jews look such as the natives had never before seen, the naive for their promised Messiah. Hawaiians received and worshiped him as their longSeptember 1969

lookedfor goldenhaired god Lono. now found to have been highly cultured in many ways,

Remarkably, Captain Cook had landed during the and deeply religious, did not believe in any sexless,

Makahiki Festival, the celebration that kept alive the formless, phantom like god. To them the trinity were

traditions of the White God Lono. King Kalaniopuu real persons, who had sex and personality. And there

welcomed him and his party, and the native priests was a mother in heaven.

led him with high cqremony to the great stone trunThese early Americans, as shown in this same volcated pyramid that was Lono's temple. In amazement, ume, believed in a preexistence, and in a devil who

the redoubtable British explorer accepted their also lived in that preearth life where he boasted of obeisance, quite willing to receive any honors they his brilliance and power, saying "my eyes are of silver, were willing to bestow upon him. bright, resplendent as precious stones, as emeralds,

But his men were anything but angelic, and through my teeth shine like perfect stones, like the face of the their depredations they brought down upon the entire sky.... So then I am the sun, I am the moon, for

Cook party the wrath of the natives. In the battle all mankind."

that ensued. Cook lost his life. This evil being sought to usurp the glory of God,

But once again—the tradition persisted. but failed. "His only ambition was to exalt himself

Not only have the ofttold stories of the White God and to dominate."

continued through the ages, but his teachings are also The manuscript from ancient Indian sources exstill dear to the hearts of the natives. plains that at this point "neither our first mother nor

For years, because men went to war and often were our first father had yet been created."

killed, women were the keepers of the traditions and There is also the story of the woman being tempted genealogies. They told these stories to their children to eat the fruit of a tree and asking, "Must I die?

and their children's children. Shall I be lost if I pick one of this fruit?"

One of the remarkable survivals is that recounted The story of the great flood (Noah's) is recounted in Stephen's Incidents of Travel in Central America. among the early Americans and Polynesians.

The author quotes what Fuentes, chronicler of the Traditions in northern Mexico, principally among ancient kingdom of Guatemala and of the Toltecan the Yaqui Indians, tell of the survival of a council of

Indians, said of the origin of these people. 12 holy men who ministered religiously among the

They were Israelites, he said, released by Moses people. They also tell of a form of sacrament of the

from the tyranny of the Pharaohs. After crossing the Lord's supper, wherein the natives eat and drink

Red Sea, they became idolaters because of the influsacred emblems amid signs of great sadness, in reence of the local peoples; and to escape the reproofs membrance of their deity.

of Moses, they strayed away. Under the leadership Religion was a vital part of the lives of these

of a man named Tanub, they drifted from continent ancient Americans, as it was with the Polynesians, to continent until finally they came to a place they who, it is believed, brought their religion with them called the Seven Caverns, a part of the kingdom of in their migrations from America. Volumes have been

Mexico, where they founded the city of Tula. The written about it.

story recounts that from Tanub, their leader, sprang Who was this Great White God?

the families of the Tula and the Quiche. As Jesus Christ ministered in mortality among the

Other traditions tell of four brothers who led their Jews, he spoke of another body of believers—his other

families from far distant lands to the east, over the sheep. (See John 10.) He promised to go to them

oceans, to the new world where they settled and built and minister among them. This he did—in America.

cities. In ancient America also prophets ministered, even

Popul Vuh, the sacred book of the ancient Quiche as others did in Palestine, and during the same period

Maya (published by the University of Oklahoma of time.

Press ), reveals that the early Americans believed in a These western prophets wrote their sacred history, trinity of deities. They believed also in a heavenly even as did their Palestinian counterparts, and in this

father and a heavenly mother, and that the Eternal manner another volume of scripture was prepared.

Father and his Beloved Son were the creators of Known as the Book of Mormon, it tells of God's dealheaven and earth, The trinity are known as Caculha ings with ancient America, as the Bible relates the

Huracan, ChipiCaculha, and RexaCaculha. They sacred history of the Old World.

were called the Heart of Heaven. The Book of Mormon tells the facts about the

Popul Vuh also speaks of the creation as having coming of the White God, an event that occurred in been accomplished by this trinity—three deitiesAmerica following his resurrection in Palestine. Milcreators and makers of all. These early Americans, lions of people lived in America then. Some believed

8 Improvement Era in the coming of Christ to their land. Others scoffed. it meant, for they thought it was an angel that had

The believers served the Lord; the scoffers followed appeared unto them.

every evil path. "And it came to pass that he stretched forth his

When the crucifixion took place and the earthquakes hand and spake unto the people, saying:

shook Palestine, even worse quakes, tempests, and "Behold, I am Jesus Christ, whom the prophets conflagrations swept over the western hemisphere. testified shall come into the world.

The Book of Mormon tells the story: "And behold, I am the light and the life of the

"And it came to pass in the thirty and fourth year, world; and I have drunk out of that bitter cup which

in the first month, on the fourth day of the month, the Father hath given me, and have glorified the there arose a great storm, such an one as never had Father in taking upon me the sins of the world, in been known in all the land. the which I have suffered the will of the Father in

"And there was also a great and terrible tempest; all things from the beginning.

and there was terrible thunder, insomuch that it did "And it came to pass that when Jesus had spoken shake the whole earth as if it was about to divide these words the whole multitude fell to the earth; for

asunder. they remembered that it had been prophesied among

"And there were exceeding sharp lightnings, such them that Christ should show himself unto them after as never had been known in all the land. his ascension into heaven.

"And the city of Zarahemla did take fire."(3 Ne. "And it came to pass that the Lord spake unto them

8:5-8.) saying;

According to the account, the damage was immense. "Arise and come forth unto me, that ye may thrust

Highways were broken up, cities were sunk, many your hands into my side, and also that ye may feel persons were slain, and the whole face of the land the prints of the nails in my hands and in my feet, was changed—all this in the space of about three that ye may know that I am the God of Israel, and

hours. the God of the whole earth, and have been slain for

Then, "... it came to pass that there was thick the sins of the world.

darkness upon all the face of the land, insomuch that "And it came to pass that the multitude went forth, the inhabitants thereof who had not fallen could feel and thrust their hands into his side, and did feel the the vapor of darkness,"(3 Ne. 8:20.) prints of the nails in his hands and in his feet; and

After this condition, which lasted for three days, this they did do, going forth one by one until they had there came a voice, "... and all the people did hear, all gone forth, and did see with their eyes and did

and did witness of it saying: feel vdth their hands, and did know of a surety and

"O ye people of these great cities which have fallen, did bear record, that it was he, of whom it was written who are descendants of Jacob, yea, who are of the by the prophets, that should come.

house of Israel, how oft have I gathered you as a "And when they had all gone forth and had withen gathereth her chickens under her wings, and have nessed for themselves, they did cry out with one nourished you.... accord, saying:

"... how oft would I have gathered you as a hen "Hosanna! Blessed be the name of the Most High

gathereth her chickens, and ye would not."(3 Ne. God! And they did fall down at the feet of Jesus,

10:3-5.) and did worship him."(3 Ne. 11:6-17.)

Some days later, a great multitude gathered toIn the days that followed, this same divine visitor gether about the temple in the land Bountiful, and introduced the blessing of the bread and wine as a there came a voice three times: sacrament; he called forth all their sick, afflicted,

"And behold, the third time they did understand lame, blind, and dumb, and healed them; he organized

the voice which they heard; and it said unto them: an administration to teach and baptize in his name,

"Behold my Beloved Son, in whom I am well and he counseled these leaders and the multitudes pleased, in whom I have glorified my name—hear ye about his doctrine. And after many days, "... there

him. came a cloud and overshadowed the multitude that

"And it came to pass, as they understood they cast they could not see Jesus.

their eyes up again towards heaven; and behold, they "And while they were overshadowed he departed

saw a Man descending out of heaven; and he was from them, and ascended into heaven. And the disciclothed in a white robe; and he came down and stood ples saw and did bear record that he ascended again

in the midst of them; and the eyes of the whole multiinto heaven."(3 Ne. 18:3839.)

tude were turned upon him, and they durst not open This is the true story of the Great White God.

their mouths, even one to another, and wist not what He is Jesus the Christ, the Savior of all mankind, o

September 1969 an

It all began and lying on the floor on the atoms when in the gradeschool room below the small high window in the dust.

the teacher told us on the wall.

what an atom was. The sun shone mellow And then I ran outside

in the afternoon and climbed the hill behind the barn.

She said and cast a ray that if you had a penny across the room I looked out over house and orchard, you could put above my head. stretched my gaze across the valley

a million atoms from the heavy granite mountains on the eye I lay and watched to the lake.

of Lincoln. the dust descend I watched the sun

and dance about drop over distant hills

She held within the ray. until I felt

a pin up A million specks of dust. the roundness

by its head I followed one—one speck. of the earth itself.

and said, It floated "If atoms could be counted, undisturbed I lay then a hundred thousand atoms by weight. upon the hill

could be balanced The currents shifted and looked on the point."and it lifted into the sky;

out of sight. Then pressed to earth

We lived in a basement, I wondered with back and shoulders, which we did on the tons of atoms wondered till I was twelve, in the dust around the room. if the globe

and I remember that swirled with me coming home from school I wondered, too, weren't in someone else's basement that night if worlds existed just a speck of floating dust.

The Rene\AI of the ferth to Fradisiacal Glory

By Dr. Hyrum L. Andrus

The Saints have a work they must perform in order order is built up among the faithful, some of the glory to prepare for the coming of Christ, who will renew of the celestial family to be experienced throughout the earth to a state of paradisiacal glory. In a very eternity will be reflected in the patriarchal order on

real sense, we are coworkers with the Lord in making earth.- Israel will have been gathered and Zion will

the necessary preparations to usher in the millennium. have been established according to the pattern of the

God's design, the Prophet Joseph Smith wrote, is divine patriarchal order, and the earth will then be "to bring about the millennial glory."When the Lord's "renewed and receive its paradisiacal glory."(Article

purposes are accomplished, the earth will "yield its of Faith 10.

increase, resume its paradisean glory, and become as The fact that the earth will be renewed to a parathe garden of the Lord."(Documentary History of the disiacal state of glory implies that it was once in such

Church, Vol. 5, p. 61. ) But if this work is not done, a state. In order to understand this renewal, we must

the earth will be "utterly wasted"at Christ's coming. understand that before the fall, Adam lived in the

(D&C 2:3.) presence of God with no veil between him and his

To prepare for Christ's coming, the Saints need to maker. All things were in a state quite different from

establish the kingdom of God on earth, a kingdom our present order of life. And except for the fall of

patriarchal in nature. Wives and husbands need to be Adam, "all things"that were created would have resealed to each other, children to parents, and generamained forever in the same state in which they were

tion to generation. Having established this divine after the creation. (See 2 Ne. 2:22.)

society among the living, the sealing line will need to But all this was changed by the fall. God's glory

eventually extend back to Adam. was withdrawn, and life was reorganized on a temporal

The divine family order had its origin in heaven plane. (See D&C 29:3132; 77:6.)

before the time of Adam. Abraham wrote: "... it Dr. Hyrum L. Andrus, first counselor in the BYU Tenth

came down from the fathers, from the beginning of Stake presidency, is professor of modern scripture at time, yea, even from the beginning, or before the Brigham Young University, author of Church books, and foundations of the earth...."Eventually, when this recipient of BYU's Karl G. Maeser Research Award.

September 1969 11

Joseph Smith stressed, however, that Adam's "transGod made it obHgatory upon man."{DHC. Vol. 6.

gression did not deprive him of the previous knowl- p. 313.)

edge with which he was endowed relative to the The Prophet taught that the final judgments inciexistence and glory of his Creator...."{Lectures on dent to Christ's coming will not be poured out upon

Faith, 2:19.) the wicked until the divine patriarchal order is estabThink for a moment what this means. Even though lished. Before that time the Saints will receive the

he fell, Adam remembered life in his former parasealing ordinances in the house of the Lord, "thereby disiacal state. What, then, did it mean to Adam when making their calling and election sure."( DHC, Vol. 5,

the Lord said: "... as thou hast fallen thou mayest p. 530.) The spirit of Elijah will be manifested to

be redeemed, and all mankind, even as many as will"? build up the (divine patriarchal) kingdom and place

(Moses 5:9.) What was redemption if not to be "the seals of the Melchizedek Priesthood upon the

brought back, eventually, to a state of glory similar house of Israel."In this way all things are to be made

to that from which Adam fell? ready. "Then,"he concluded, "Messiah comes to His

After the fall, Adam desired to regain the presence Temple, which is last of all."{DHC, Vol. 6, p. 254.

of God with his posterity who would obey the gospel, This will be a preliminary appearance of Christ among and to see the earth redeemed to a state of glory. But the Saints before he comes in glory in the clouds of

to achieve these objectives, he and his righteous heaven.

children had to be organized into a divine family order When Jesus comes, it will be to reign on earth as patterned after celestial society. He therefore called King of kings and Lord of lords through the instruthe patriarchs who had been ordained among his mentality of the divine patriarchal order. "... we

descendants, with his righteous posterity, to the valley calculate to give the Elders of Israel their washings of Adamondi-Ahman. Presumably, Adam was conand anointings, and attend to those last and more imcerned at this time with the organization of his righpressive ordinances, without which we cannot obtain

teous children into the divine patriarchal order. He celestial thrones,"Joseph Smith stressed. He therefore

also blessed them, Joseph Smith explained, because urged the Saints to build the Nauvoo Temple so that "he wanted to bring them into the presence of God."righteous men could "receive their endowments and

(DHC, Vol. 3, p. 388.) be made kings and priests unto the Most High God."

This desire was shared by other great patriarchs and (DHC, Vol. 6, p. 319.)

prophets. "In the first ages of the world... there But this is not all. By establishing the divine patriwere Eliases raised up who tried to restore these very archal order, the Saints will prepare for Christ's

glories,"the Prophet Joseph declared, "but did not coming to renew the earth to a paradisiacal state obtain them."Later, Moses "sought to bring the similar to that which prevailed before Adam's fall.

children of Israel into the presence of God, through "When these things are done,"Joseph Smith stressed, the power of the Priesthood, but he could not."( Ibid. as he spoke of the work to be accomplished, "the Son

In regard to the effort of Moses, see D&C 84:1924.) of Man will descend."Speaking of the millennial

Though these ancient patriarchs and prophets conditions that will then prevail, he added: "We may

failed to realize their desire, the Prophet Joseph Smith [then] come to an innumerable company of angels, explained that "they prophesied of a day when this have communion with and receive instruction from glory would be revealed,"and he indicated that it them."{DHC, Vol. 3, p. 389.)

would be in "the dispensation of the fullness of times, The Lord has revealed some of the transformations when God would gather together all things in one."that will take place when the patriarchal order is estab-

(DHC, Vol. 3, p. 388.) This gathering includes the lished and Jesus comes in glory. The power of Christ's

gathering of the Saints into the divine patriarchal glory will consume the wicked and make all things order. When this is done, Adam's desire will be realthat remain new. (See D&C 101:2325.) The earth

ized. Christ will come, and the earth will be renewed will be transfigured according to the pattern that

to a paradisiacal state of glory. was shown to Peter, James, and John upon the Mount

Joseph Smith, in speaking of the obligation that the of Transfiguration. God's "knowledge and glory"will

Saints have of building the divine patriarchal order, "dwell upon all the earth."(D&C 101:25.) Revelations

said of our righteous dead: "We cannot be made perstate that the earth will be "clothed with the glory of

fect without them, nor they without us."( Ibid., p. 389. her God,"and that Christ's glory will be upon his

Again he explained: "It is necessary that those who people. (See D&C 45:59; 84:101.) The enmity of man

are going before and those who come after us should and of all flesh will cease. Because the fruits of the

have salvation in common with us; and thus hath Holy Spirit—such as love, peace, and joy—are so abun12 Improvement Era

dantly manifested, peace and tranquility will abound. the knowledge of the Lord, as the waters cover the

(D&C 101:26; Isa. 11:6-9.) The spiritual union besea.

tween man and God will be perfected to the point that From the indication of the scriptures, the millennium "whatsoever any man shall ask, it shall be given... will be a glorious age in which great blessings of both

him."(D&C 101:27.) Even before man calls, God will spiritual and temporal nature will be given to man.

answer; and as man is speaking, God will hear. (Isa. The work of preparing for that great day, the Prophet

65:24.) Joseph Smith declared, is "a work that God and angels

Several factors will make it so that Satan will not have contemplated with delight for generations past;

have power to tempt any man. For instance, all that fired the souls of the ancient patriarchs and

"corruptible things"will be consumed. The truth and prophets."It is a work that "is destined to bring about

light of Christ's glory will be manifested and spread the destruction of the powers of darkness, the renovaabroad. Faith will increase, and righteousness will be tion of the earth, the glory of God, and the salvation

established. Because of these and other reasons, the of the human family."{DEC, Vol. 4, p. 610.) This is

Lord will bind Satan during the thousand years. the work that the Saints are engaged in as they strive

Meanwhile, the faithful Saints will receive the renewed faithfully to build up the divine patriarchal order on earth for an inheritance. They will "multiply and wax earth and to sanctify themselves in preparation for the

strong,"and their children will grow up without sin coming of the Lord. O

unto salvation. (D&C 45:58.) Since the corruptible FOOTNOTES

things that cause man's physical body to deteriorate thisJosephfamilySmithorder taughtis perfectedthat Adamand cannotpresentedreceiveto Christ,a fullnesswhoofwillglorypresentuntil will have been largely destroyed, there will be no pensation.""the kingdom{DEC,to theVol.Father,4, p. 209.)which shall be at the end of the last disdeath, except that there will be a rapid change from Israel2In hasspeakinga legalofclaimthe doctrineto "the glory"of electionof God.in (Seethe flesh,Rom. Paul9:4; wrotealso DHC,that

the millennial state to that of the resurrection. (See whenVol. 4,Israelpp. 35960,is organizedwhereaccordingJoseph Smithto thediscusseslaw of thisGod,passage.)she has Thata claimis,

D&C 101:2425,3031.) tothe theearth.gloryIn ofaccordancethe celestialwithfamily,this promise,being anZionextensionwill be ofendowedthat familyin someto

Finally, great knowledge will be revealed concernmeasureheaven towithconsumethe glorythe wickedof Godandbeforerenew Christthe earth.comes(Seein Isa.the 4:5;clouds3 Ne.of

45:67.) 21:25; D&C the 20:22 of purposes of the earthing the creation and the

still sphere temporal earth will 63:2021. 3See be a (D&C The andD&C

it glory will transfigured that the will be revealed, by be but 77:6), laws, peoples, all nations ofcreation, the history and

as in transfigured, as 1:11. recorded Moses was Moses somewhat

revolutions, and glories of the several spheres in the through*See D&Cthe corruption101:2328;in 1theNe.flesh.22:26;See Rev.2 Ne.20:1-3.2:2829.Satan entices man

universe. But more important, the earth will "be full of 5See D&C 84:98; 101:3235; 121:2830; 2 Ne. 30:1618; Isa. 11:9.

A Parent's Thoughts on Education

By Evalyn M. Sandberg

There is a formal teaching that or that wellveiled deception lies he will receive in schools; behind some other eyes.

and many plodding years must pass before he knows the rules. I would not have him early learn

the rushing, headlong greed Another kind of learning will of those who seek more than their own come automatically: and leave someone in need.

he'll get it from associates and from some things he'll see. As time moves swiftly on its path,

oh, world, be slow to trace I would not have him know too soon this other kind of knowledge age fails to make its wise, upon my child's fair face!

September 1969 13 A special tribute to

[..***5'fr; 1*:

rm-':- W- 7 - i:.,

'*..:,/ I

'ft- ': 4

',*tetesr:,

\!,v*. /,f \\ t

..:ns;ffi***wiiif *:,;<?*.';

:.iir -<.>

.1''i i.i'v''..'. '.'Jck-'i

14 />x n,;/,fi|,i.vav

Who would know, seeing the grassgrown road ivind into the pebbled driveway,

The highroofed barns, sagging beneath the seasons'weight of time and weather, The trees groivn taller through the years, thrusting from slender saplings sturdy trunks, and leafy branches,

President 8, 1873, September Born in the The rail fence warped and worn, and the small slat gate, McKay grew to manhood small farming community of Huntsville, The rolling fields and hills, some 12 miles east of Ogden, Utah. the sturdy homes...

Who would know President David 0. IVIcKay on his 96th birthday that once a boy named David,

like Israel's king, walked on paths like these, in such a barn his bestloved horse,HuntsvUle kept

By Mabel Jones Gabbott knew rain and sunshine haying in such fields,

Illustrated by Ed Maryon climbed on such fences, sivung perhaps on some such gate?

We knoiu hov) glad once grew each small green blade of grass, how best beloved is every board and rail, how honored and revered this town becomes,

For here in Huntsville, our Prophet as a lad "grew, ivaxed strong in spirit, filled with wisdom, and the grace of God."

September 1969 15

lAi ':

\rv j& *? >*f,'

Kin u

/i

.:r'? v> -1 r Wi AgetifUnto

tv

By President Alvin R. Dyer*

of the First Presidency

'i If there is truly a generation gap, then the advantage is on the side of youth, because all youth needs to do is wait: "The impatient young of the 1960's can hardly wait.

They will grow old too, in time, but first they will take their turn at remaking and running the world."

( The Young, Americans, TimeLife Books, 1966.

Looking to the future, the "now generation"will i encounter events and movements that will be astounding. Their concern should be one of keeping a proper

moral and spiritual balance, and not being carried 7-. away by popular or going things. Here is a verse that

suggests that kind of balance:

"Whatever weakens your reason, impairs the tenderness of your conscience, obscures your sense of God, takes of your relish for spiritual things, "Whatever increases the Authority of the body over the mind—that thing is Sin—however harmless it may

seem in itself."(Sussanah Wesley.)

Man's meaning and purpose is motivated by a force

"From a baccalaureate address given at Dixie College, St. George,

Utah, June 6, 1969.

Improvement Era

s

development. It therefore becomes advisable to direct

the schools in their educational activities and to encourage the schools to unite with community organizations in such plans and procedures as will realize these important educational objectives in the lives of persons under eighteen years of age."(5314-9.)

These directives regarding the body and its functions are designed to provide a proper balance of learning, in a wholesome and sensitive manner. But

they do not suggest license in promoting emotionally injurious and embarrassing discussion of the sexual functions of bodily organs in a coeducational setting.

more profound than sex or ambition. Man feels the While tasteful discussion of social manners and interneed of a relationship with God through adherence personal responsibilities with young men and women,

to Godgiven principles. From this feeling come faith in mixed groups can be a wholesome experience, there

and the assurance that he is not a transitive substance seems to be no sound educational justification for that will biologically pass out of existence, but instead class discussions of physiology that are developed is an eternal being. This truth, fully grasped, can around stimulating visual aids depicting male and

produce the balance of light over darkness. female reproductive relationships.

The teaching of physiology and hygiene in our Sex educators are suggesting indoctrination on this public schools at the right age level and in the right subject from kindergarten through the twelfth grade.

context—where proper coeducational aspects are adThis increases the tendency of precocity. The immahered to, and where the school seeks to supplement ture child is brought at once among temptations he

the home and the church—can be appropriate and cannot resist because he cannot understand them. It

proper. The teaching of physiology and hygiene is causes him to grow old before his time.

supported by most legal codes in regard to public Precocious fruit is not good fruit. The first ripened

school law. This is one example: apples often have a worm at the core. What is worth

"It shall be the duty of all boards of education and having must bide its time. To seize it before its time

officers in charge of schools and educational instituis to pluck it prematurely.

tions supported in whole or in part by public funds The idea that sex education is strictly educational to make provision for systematic and regular instiucand does not involve morals is a deception and does tion in physiology and hygiene, including special not conform to gospel teachings and established edureference to the effects of stimulants and narcotics cational standards.

upon the human svstem."( UtaJi Code Annotated 1953, It has been said that "familiar things happen and

S314-14. mankind does not bother about them. It requires a

It is most vital that the moral and spiritual values very unusual mind to undertake the analysis of the of education, which have long been established and obvious."(Evelyn Whitehead, Science and the Modare constantly being reinstituted, should be associated ern World [The Macmillan Co., 1953].)

with all teaching concerning the individual. I quote It is in this light that I speak of spiritual and moral

further from the Utah Code: training as the charter right of our youth in the school

"Educational Objectives—The result of two years of classroom. To provide safe guidelines, these values

volunteer service by more than one hundred comshould be foremost, particularly in our maturation mittees acting under the call of a president of the courses of study.

United States gives the first charter right of each Principles that harmonize with gospel standards

American child as 'Spiritual and Moral Training'and have been reinstituted time and time again as responthe second as 'Understanding and Protection of His sible commissions appointed by U.S. Presidents have

Personality.'The seven cardinal objectives of education met to give serious thought to the training of our

first announced and advocated by the National Educayouth. From the Educational Policies Commission

tion Association in 1918 and since accepted by eduReport of 1951 I quote the following:

cational leaders throughout the nation are health, "In educational terms, this value requires a school citizenship, vocations, worthy use of leisure, worthy system which, by making freely available the common home membership, ethical character and the fundaheritage of human association and human culture, mental processes or tools of education. Six of these opens to every child the opportunity to grow to his

have to do primarily with personality or character full physical, intellectual, moral, and spiritual stature.

September 1969 17

It favors those plans of school organization and inmission on National Goals, 1960, p. 22.)

struction which recognize and meet the varying needs Herein, it seems, is the crux of the whole matter!

and aspirations of individuals."( Italics added. In the light of these educational objectives, the idea

With regard to the teacher, upon whom falls the is presumed that physiology and hygiene, with proper real burden, and who reflects the extent of his or her content and with proper age and group orientation in morals or the lack of them in his or her teachings, the school classroom, and in support of teachings in the commission report has this to say: the home, may be pursued with dignity when asso-

"Since the ultimate success of a program to develop ciated with moral and spiritual values.

moral and spiritual values depends largely on the The sexual impulse should be played down. It is

teacher, the institutions which educate teachers strong enough without encouragement. "We have

should give full recognition to these values in their blown it up with a thousand forms in incitation, adcurricula. These values should also receive emphasis vertisement, emphasis and display, and have armed it

by inservice workshops and other developmental with the doctrine that inhibition is dangerous, whereas programs. Personal character of an acceptable quality inhibition—the control of impulse—is the first principle

to serve as an example to American youth often deterof civilization."(Will Durant, "Man Is Wiser Than

mines the success or failure of a teacher in teaching Any Man,"Readers Digest, November 1968, p. 86.

subject matter as well as in contributing to moral Italics added.

development. Character, therefore, should invariably But certain sex educators claim that a new definibe an important consideration in the employment of tion is needed for the meaning of morals, and this

a teacher. The teacher education institutions should relativistic movement has led to what is now called

consider character, along with scholarship and teachthe new morality. Anything that is new should be

compared with the old when one attempts a justification of a changed definition. Perhaps the following

"... inhibition-- the comparisons will help us to understand what is meant

when reference is made to a new morality:

control of the impulse-- is the The Old Morality The New Morality

first principle of civilization""Thou shalt not commit Speaking of infidelity adultery; and he that or adultery, a modem sex

committeth adultery, and educator makes this coming skills, in the selection of students, in judging the repenteth not, shall be ment:

competence of student teachers, and in the recomcast out."(D&C 42:24.) "Infidelity, extramarital

mendation of prospective teachers to boards of affairs, aren't true adveneducation. "And verily I say unto tures; the roles played in

"School administrators, having placed an emphasis you, as I have said before, casual sex are stilted and on character in the selection process, should encourage he that looketh on a soporific. Within the wellteachers to use initiative and imagination in the dewoman to lust after her, stabilized, committed

velopment of their subject matter in ways which teach or if any shall commit marriage, a few extramoral and spiritual values."(Moral and Spiritual adultery in their hearts, marital episodes won't

Values in the Public Schools, Educational Policies they shall not have the alter the tapestry, but I

Commission, 1951, p. 55.) Spirit, but shall deny the don't believe any marAnd again, from the report of the President's Comfaith and shall fear."riage can withstand the

mission on National Goals, in 1960, the following: (D&C 63:16.) erosion of repeated infi-

"The family is at the heart of society. The educadelities."( Coronet, May

tional process begins and is served most deeply in "Be not deceived: nei1969, p. 17.)

the home. ther fornicators, nor idol-

"The major domestic goals of equality and educaaters, nor adulterers, nor Supposedly the relativtion depend overwhelmingly on individual attitudes effeminate, nor abusers of istic category is modern and actions. themselves with manand, according to schol-

"It is the responsibility of men and women in every kind,... shall inherit the ars, is of the new morality.

walk of life to maintain the highest standards of kingdom of God."( 1 Cor. According to definitions

integrity."(Programs for Action in the Sixties, Goals 6:9-10.) in this category, a moralfor Americans, The Report of the President's Comity of consequences is

18 Improvement Era Highlights from

the life of a living Prophet from Deseret Book

4. MAN MAY KNOW FOR HIMSELF

by David 0. McKay

Compiled by Clare Middlemiss That man may know God and Jesus

Christ for himself is the message of this book. "Life eternal is what I desire... for

me, mine, and all the world,"says President

David 0. McKay. How it is achieved is expressed in the words... the faith of a true

prophet of God. $5.50

1. CHERISHED EXPERIENCES 2. HOME MEMORIES OF PRESIDENT 3. HIGHLIGHTS IN THE LIFE OF

from the writings of President David 0. DAVID 0. McKAY PRESIDENT DAVID 0. McKAY

McKay Compiled by Clare Middlemiss Compiled by Llewelyn R. McKay by Jeanette McKay Morrell

This book contains many experiences the Compiled by his second son, this book Precious moments from the boyhood,

Prophet cherishes above all others. If ever provides stimulating reading for Latterday formative years, and Church service of our

a book could inspire one to gain deeper Saint families. The intimate stories of the beloved Prophet, as recorded by his sister.

faith and joy in the good life, this is it. It is Church's first family indicates a life of soliThis is not intended to be a complete

divided into four sections: 1) Memorable darity, of love, and the good times they have biography, but more as a testament to the

Testimonies, 2) Faith Promoting Incidents, enjoyed together. Ideas for closer family diving calling of the man, relating his early

powerful and the accomplishments result is read in training harmony if this book may Healing, of Divine and 4) In-3) Incidents in leading Church. $4''the he has made evening. the family $3.95 for Youth.spirational Stories home $3.95

BOOKOF-THEMONTH For SEPT.

Now, only: $2.75

TBook

ORDER FROM

DESERET BOOK COMPANY 6. MY MISSION

Temple, East South 44 So. Main, OR 777 TownSalt& Country,Lake City,Orange,Utah 84110Calif. 92668 jtendedJhjs [gfgetO help(12%"provideX 181/2")a reCOrdSCrapbookthat willis

Please send me items circled: 12 3 4 5 6 last a lifetime, of the missionary's experletters iences other photos, through and

Total include cost This must $., 4'/2% in Beautifully padded, mementos. bound Salt Lake, or residents from ordering tax from Utah i xj. i.u t 1leatherette, eitheri-u,heavyduty maroon. m California residents ordering tax sales from from sales5%5. HOW GLORIOUS IS YOUTH Reg. $3.50 order; light Paid or white, check; by Orange. charge blue. Or money brOWn

by Marion D. Hanks, Elaine Cannon and established account. it comes with 47 pages of heavyweight,

Doyle L. Green,Name smooth,.,. finish,,'white r,paper.', Two expandable.,

Young people will find a good compilabinding posts provide for expansion and tion of reading that will provide intelligent Address., filler paper is available.

understanding, appreciation of gospel val-. Parents, start this for your missionary

ues, the rewards of church work and the 'while he is away. He'll add to it upon his

fun of living a clean life. state,zip return and treasure it always. $10.50

September 1969 Sept. 1969 Era I9

"Flee also youthful created, whereby sexual are not necessarily consistent with training goals.

lusts: but follow righacts are judged according Authorities generally agree that from training

teousness, faith, charity, to their effects. groups comes the hereand-now aspect, and they do

peace."(2 Tim. 2:22.) not deal in the privacies of one's past behavior.

Sex acts under this sysThus, in a training group, there should be no con- "Wherefore God also tem are right or wrong fession of problems or personal difficulties one has gave them up to uncleanonly in terms of scientifihad in his past. The emphasis should be on looking

ness through the lusts of cally measurable conseat how effective a person's behavior is in working their own hearts, to disquences. (SIECUS [Sex in the group. Exposures of past difficulties or problems

honour their own bodies Information and Educaof a private nature have no place in group training.

between themselves."tion Council of the UnitMen with experience have long recognized that

(Rom. 1:24.) ed States] Study Guide groups are indispensable to society and serve many

that groups are not designed to be ends in themselves,

A third category, which but are means to serving the individual. The primary

is identified as the hedofunction of any worthy group, be it the family or some nistic position, is characother organized unit, is to invite and sustain selfterized by devotion to determination in the individual. Coercion is an outlaw

pleasure as a way of life. in any group training. A wellorganized training group

"It creates... a morality should have the element of helping group members

of indulgence"which the resist the tyranny of group coercion.

sex educators argue can The use of individual confession of past behavior be a responsible indulwith a feedback to a group is an exploitation of the gence. ( SIECUS Study rights of the individual. Its use only tends to increase

Guide No. 9, p. 10. the peril of such situations to create the tyranny of

coercion, and is contrary to gospel teachings concernThese "old morality"statements are referred to by ing the law of agency. This principle is also recognized

our modern sex education teachers as being in an by the Education Policies Commission, which has absolutistic category—or a position of a morality of said:

commandment. (SIECUS Study Guide No. 9, p. 8.) "The inherent worth of every human being is basic

But let it be remembered that the morality of comin the teachings of Christianity and of many other mandment spoken of emanates from God, the source great religions. The individual personality can acquire

of all intelligence, and is a positive divine guideline a capacity for moral judgments and a sense of moral to salvation, being fully and completely oriented to responsibility. This doctrine sharply challenges every

truth, which is eternal. form of oppression. It implies that each human being

In my April 1969 general conference talk I made should have every possible opportunity to achieve by this summation concerning sensitivity training, which his own efforts a feeling of security and competence

I refer to again, because of the widespread modernin dealing with the problems arising in daily life."

day use of this training: (Moral and Spiritual Values in the Public Schools,

"... sensitivity training teaching methods, tvhen Educational Policies Commission, 1951, p. 55.)

abusively used, not only break down barriers of priDeviations in sensitivity training often occur when vacy, but also provide the techniques for mass, rather the teacher seeks to impose himself, rather than the than personal, decision. This tends to destroy the subject material. This, aside from its implications, is

agency of man and is therefore evil in concept."( Era, a mark of teaching failure.

June 1969, p. 41. Italics added. Processes in coercive control of human behavior

Let me differentiate between training and therapy. can lead to loss of agency. This particular type of

Training is a learning process designed to help normal, group training, which is actually an attempt at therapy, healthy participants develop new skills and more tends to break down selfreliance, and places decisions effective behavior patterns. Therapy is a process of for the individual upon the group or mass. Selfhelping persons with emotional disturbances to reduce reliance is a needed attribute to development of

those disturbances that are preventing them from qualities of good stemming from free will and choice.

effectively determining their own action. Groups can Any situation that could coerce the individual to

be used for training or for therapy purposes. Some make decisions would have no true foundation. In

group methods that may be appropriate for therapy this, as the Lord explained to the Prophet Joseph

20 Improvement Era 1. AMONG THE SHOSHONES

By Elijah Nicholas Wilson

of this story Indians, the fascinating Shoshone

life is excitefor pioneer unsurpassed and indian "Every library The autobiography of a white man who lived with ment and realism. Out of print for years, it will

delight readers of every age. $3.50 should have 2. THE DISCOURSES OF WILFORD WOODRUFF

these choice SelectedReprintedandby arrangedpopular bydemand,G. HomertheseDurhamsermons

and speeches by President Wilford Woodruff

Bookcrail reveallife anda hisfascinatingreligiousandbeliefs.intimate glimpse to$3.95his

3. THE FAITH OF A SCIENTIST

By Dr. Henry Eyring books"This soft cover edition of an inspiring book dramatically shows the harmony between science

and religion. 50<(

MESSAGES OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

4. CLASSIC By James R. Clark

EXPERIENCES Includes all recorded official statements of

AND Church Presidents from Joseph Smith to Lorenzo

ADVENTURES eCPERJE YOU Snow.5. Vol. 1 - $4.50 Originally published

by the Juvenile HAVE 6. Vol. 2 - $4.50

$4.50 Instructor, four of ALL OF 7. Vol. 3 -

these books part of the popular formed THESE SermonsDOCTRINESand WritingsOF SALVATIONof Joseph Fielding Smith

FaithPromoting VOLUMES Compiled by Bruce R. McConkie

Series. torical and doctrinal gems presented in plain

$3.95 v-s and frankness—and with authority!

8. Vol. I - $3.75

9. Vol. II - $3.75

10. Vol. Ill - $3.75

11. THE BOOK OF MORMON INSPIRATIONAL VERSE FOR

COMPENDIUM LATTERDAY SAINTS By Sidney B. Sperry By Calvin T. Broadhead

carefully Over 200 selected a reference best The book in Ineach poems volume.

Ull IVIUMIIUM. Ul DUUI\ IMC aUIC

dexed by all this:> questions Answers on

I "Vol $2.50 subject.-: record. ancient over Contains

800 pages. $6.95, i Vol. II - $2.50

LEADERSHIP By Sterling W. Sill

lliant, practical, proved ihods for increasing leadership ability.

16. Vol. I - $3.75

17, Vol. II - $3.75

September 1969 21 Fill

IHilAi To Fathers

1. The Message of 2. P-ioneer and By Gay N. Blanchard

the Doctrine & Indian Stories 3. Bigger Than 4. From the Dust 5. On Getting

Covenants $3.50 $2.50 Yourself $3.25 of Decades $2.25 Things Done $3.25

It is hard to let a child go, NK.ll I A beloved child, one close to the

heart. ]ffl|jM|p;::]t::i:aaiffii It is hard, knowing his weakness

8. Inspirational And ivhere he might fall,

6. a 7. Faith of 10. for Family Night Verse His Many L.D.S, 9. House of the To sever the tie

I Scientist Vol. $3.0 Lord $2.95 Mansions Reader $2.50 $2.95 $2.50

eye. your of

$1.49YOUR CHOICE That keeps him in the security Father, our God, So

Coidd not let us go from him TheIaW ofTH Until he had made sure ABVEST That someone, An extension of himself,

11. Life of Smith, Joseph 14 I he

By His Kimball Mother C 15. The Church and Woidd love and care. 12. Just to 13. Law of the Heber

$3,75 Illustrate $3.50 Harvest $3.50 the Negro $2.50

He knew we needed mnmmm Someone to make real The prayers sent up to him For shelter, raiment, food;

18 Melvin 19. Motherhood, A 20. Oliver Cowdery Someone to help make good

16. Thoughts for 17. You and Your Ballard—Crusader Partnership with 2nd Elder & Scribe

100 Days $3.00 Marriage $3.00 $3.50 God $3.75 $3.50 His hopes for us.

To help us keep in memory heaven's home;

FAITH \OUR [ And by persuasion, IN GOD patience, TEACH 1 24. Matthew 25. Science and kindness,

21. You Too Can 22 The Character 23. The Valley of Cowley, Man of Your Faith in selfcontrolled example

Teach $3.00 of Jesus $3.25 Tomorrow $3.50 Faith $3.75 God $3.50 Prepare us to return in safety

TO JOIlf there.

Choose at least tvjo books from those pictured tised price. (Premium books for joining LDS

here. Send your check or money order for Books Club do not qualify as regular Club

first at listed or alternates). resign selections selection(s) the regular your You may at He gave this precious stewardprice, Each plus For book.* four books. any time after purchasing bonus $1 49 for your

month you will receive reviews of several each four books accepted, you will receive a ship books. You agree to purchase a minimum of valuable bonus book free - a savings of

our regular selections or alternates during approximately 20%. To fathers.

e next twelve months at the regular adverOffer good until 1970,

LDS BOOKS CLUB, INC. '-''Still according to his righteous-

P.O. Box 400 ness, they have free choice;

Salt City, Lake Utah 84110

enroll as Please a member of the LDS Books Club, Inc. Enclosed And those tvho dare accept the me

is my check or money order for $1.49 plus price of second book for challenge

the following circled books. To be his agents, our protectors,

1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 here on earth

Name Are in training, surely, Address Someday to he gods.

City.State..Zip.

22 Improvement Era

Smith, one may have something bestowed upon him and surely I will do it; wherefore give me thine

by compulsion, but he could not truly receive it, as honor."(Moses 4:1.)

it would not be his possession. The very nature of Lucifer's plan of coercion or

"For what doth it profit a man if a gift is bestowed compulsion would be contrary to divine law, which upon him, and he receive not the gift? Behold, he irrefutably establishes the fact that all acquisitions of

rejoices not in that which is given unto him, neither life have their beginning in personal and individual rejoices in him who is the giver of the gift."(D&C choice. And even though God knew that some of

88:33.) his children born in mortality would not measure up

You will notice that he cannot rejoice or use that and would, through willful wrong choices between which is conferred upon him because, having been good and evil and through disobedience to eternal forced upon him, it is not his possession. You may laws of righteousness, eventually after mortal existence

observe, by reading further from this revelation, the be assigned to realms not in his presence, still, he also eternal nature of this law. knew that the only chance of spiritual redemption

By divine decree the individual becomes like unto for any of his children would come from the applica- a God when through personal volition he comes to tion of the law of agency, as he explained to Moses:

know good from evil. (See Gen. 3:22.) "Wherefore, because that Satan rebelled against me,

Dr. Carl Jung, noted scientist of the mind, makes and sought to destroy the agency of man, which I,

a contributing statement to the need of selfreliance the Lord God, had given him, and also, that I should and personal motivation, or selfdirection, with these give unto him mine own power; by the power of mine

words Only Begotten, I caused that he should be cast down."

"It always has been and still is the great question (Moses 4:3.)

how to get the ordinary human to the point where The nature of the proposal made by Lucifer would he can make up his own mind to draw the right make of man a thing to be acted upon with a complete conclusion and do the right thing, or how to make him loss of willful and personal decision, which would be listen at all. His moral and mental inertia and his contrary to the true principle, as explained by the

notorious prejudices are the most serious obstacles to prophet Lehi:

any moral or spiritual renaissance."(Cited by Dr. "... they have become free forever, knowing good

James R. Hine, in Alvin R. Dyer, Who Am I? [Deseret from evil; to act for themselves and not to be acted

Book Company, 1966], p. 24.) upon...."(2 Ne. 2:26.)

I believe it important, from a gospel viewpoint, to Concerning this principle, the Prophet Joseph Smith understand the evil principle of unrighteous dominion stated: "The contention in the premortal existence

or compulsion, which can be exercised upon the souls was due to the fact that there would be certain souls of men, as compared with righteous dominion and that would not be saved, whereas the devil, or Luciagency. In order to do this, let us refer back to the fer, said he could save them all."( Times and Seasons,

primeval period, concerning which we are fortunate Vol. 5, p. 616.

to have revealed information from the Lord. This proposal, involving the surrendering of the law

The center of the preexistent controversy concerned of agency, was rejected; and the plan advocated by

Lucifer or Satan, a son of the morning, who came the Firstborn Son of God, that the law of agency before the council of heaven and proposed a plan of would continue in mortality, was accepted.

redemption from the spiritual death of mortal exisIt is not difficult to recognize that in Lucifer's plan tence. He proposed that the law of agency be the element of compulsion or mass coercion upon the

discarded, thereby eliminating personal volitions of individual would be placed in effect without any obedience or disobedience, and the need for a knowlrecognition of values, good or evil, right or wrong, edge of good and evil. and therefore would be devoid of any moral conseAs evidenced by a revelation from the Lord to quence.

Moses, we learn that this was a proposal whereby From the same revealed information, the Lord exLucifer sought to aggrandize himself by receiving the plained why Lucifer—or Satan, as he was then called

glory of the Father, and thus become the redeemer: for proposing such a plan—was expelled from the

"And I, the Lord God, spake unto Moses, saying: presence of God, never to return.

That Satan, whom thou hast commanded in the name The plan that was accepted provided that man of mine Only Begotten, is the same which was from would have the right of agency as he would be conthe beginning, and he came before me, saying—Behold, fronted with opposites in mortality, and that with selfhere am I, send me, I will be thy son, and I will direction he could rise above all. "This would make

redeem all mankind, that one soul shall not be lost, certain his understanding of the difference between

September 1969 23 laws which would elevate and insure further progres- "And if thy brother or sister offend many, he or she sion, and the opposite which would bring about a shall be chastened before many.

retrogression. By choosing right over wrong, man "And if any one offend openly, he or she shall be

would thus take unto himself the power which comes rebuked openly, that he or she may be ashamed. And

from volitional decision. In this manner he becomes if he or she confess not, he or she shall be delivered

like unto the Gods who have attained perfection by up unto the law of God.

constant right decision through the power of agency.""If any shall offend in secret, he or she shall be

(Dyer, op. cit., p. 141.) rebuked in secret, that he or she may have opportunity

From the following revelation we learn that to to confess in secret to him or her whom he or she exercise compulsion or unrighteous dominion over an has offended, and to God, that the church may not individual in any degree is to be denied the power speak reproachfuUv of him or her."('D&C 42:9092.)

that leads men into all truth. This has a specific A member of the Church who has committed a

reference to the priesthood, but the same principle serious transgression should confess the same to his applies to anyone who exercises or uses conditions or her spiritual leader, the bishop.

of compulsion: It is to be observed that in each condition referred

"... when we undertake to cover our sins, or to to, the confession is to come willingly through a selfgratify our pride, our vain ambition, or to exercise directed method, from within the person. This is a

control or dominion or compulsion upon the souls of principle, according to the Lord, by which we shall the children of men, in any degree of unrighteousness, be governed.

behold, the heavens withdraw themselves; the Spirit Brigham Young, speaking no doubt in the spirit of

this revelation on confession, said:

"li I am. faulty towards my God, I will keep my

"Another principle that appears faults from the people as long as I can. Is there any

good reason for this? There is. Were I to relate here

to be most often violated to you my private faults from day to day, it xoould not only do you no good, hut it would injure you...

in socalled training groups and it would weaken and not strengthen either the speaker or the hearer, and would give the enemy more is that of confession"power.... I pray the Lord Almighty to so preserve

me that you cannot find fault with me righteously.

Do you not desire the same?

of the Lord is grieved; and when it is withdrawn. "I have my weakness, and you have yours; but if I

Amen to the priesthood or the authority of that man. am inclined to do that which is wrong, I will not make

"Behold, ere he is aware, he is left unto himself, to my wrong a means of leading others astray.... I

kick against the pricks, to persecute the saints, and belie'e in coming out and being plain and honest with to fight against God."(D&G 121:3738.) that which should be made public, and in keeping to

"Howbeit when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he yourselves that which should be kept. If you have

will guide you into all truth: for he shall not speak your weaknesses, keep them hid from your brethren

of himself; but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall as much as you can. You never hear me ask the people

he speak: and he will shew you things to come."to tell their follies.... If you have sinned against the

(John 16:13.) people, confess to them. If you have sinned against

It is not difficult to identify, on the basis of this a family or a neighborhood, go to them and confess.

eternal law, the ill effects that can be caused by the If you have sinned against your Ward, confess to abusive and unwarranted use of coercion in group your Ward. If you have sinned against one individual,

behavior techniques. take that person hy yourselves and make your conAnother principle of the gospel that appears to be fession to him. And if you have sinned against your

most often violated in socalled training groups is that God, or against yourselves, confess to God, and keep of confession. Concerning personal confession of past the matter to yourselves, for I do not want to know

behavior, the Lord, speaking of the manner in which anything about it....

confessions are to be made, gives this instruction: "We wish to see people honestly confess as they

"And if thy brother or sister offend thee, thou shalt should and what they should."(Journal of Discourses,

take him or her between him or her and thee alone; Vol. 8, pp. 36162. Italics added.)

and if he or she confess thou shalt be reconciled."With regard to the principle of the agency of man,

(D&C 42:88.) there keep running through my mind these verses

24 Improvement Era that we have used in the mission field: There can be no doubt that if these abuses are avoided

"Know this, that every soul is free there are definite areas of good that can be accomTo choose his life and what he'll be, plished in legitimate group training.

I offer these sugFor this eternal truth is given Before concluding my remarks,

That God will force no man to heav'n. gestions to our Latterday Saint educators, concerning

whom it is hoped that an ever increasing number will "He'll call, persuade, direct aright.

go forth from our Churchoriented schools and instiAnd bless him with wisdom, love and light.

In nameless ways be good and kind,

But never force the human mind.

"Freedom and reason make us men; Never does man represent

Take these away, what are we then? the law of agency nnore effectively

Mere animals, and just as well

The beasts may think of heav'n or hell."than when he is in the

—William C. Gregg, Hymns, No. 90

process of repentance"We see, in the divine wisdom of God, the effects of the eternal laws of personal redemption as brought to the beclouded consciousness of man by the power and administration of the Holy Ghost. Each law is tutes to leaven the educational atmosphere wherever

correlated to bring about the change needed to prethey may teach. Of these, the Church is indeed forpare man for his place in eternity. The innate recogtunate to have so many who are outstanding in the

nition of the divine leads to faith in God and in life. fields of teaching, research, and administration in

This awakening light reveals unto man himself his many of the great universities and colleges throughout own condition and the need of change—the need to the land. In the light of deceptive objectives found

repent of such wrongdoings with which he is beset, in modern trends in particular areas, we look with so that he can continue in the way of peace, power, constant hope that these men and women, representaand further enlightenment. But the overt act of man tive of the Church, will a'chieve and keep a proper

to accomplish this requires decision, and decision is balance with gospel orientation constantly in view, an act of agency; thus, we observe the correlation of especially in fields of sociology, maturation, and group

the laws of faith and repentance with agency. It is training.

in this selfdirected process that acquisition of a prinPossessed with a background of knowledge in the ciple becomes effective. Any other method produces revealed truths of the restored gospel, they stand on

a false possession of a gift that cannot be had. the front line, and, if they will see it, they have a

Never in all of man's human endeavor does he reppeculiar and unlimited opportunity of leadership so resent the principle of law of agency more effectively much needed in this time of value crisis. The chalthan when he is in the process of repentance. There lenge is before them to magnify their priesthood in

is no experience in the earthlife existence of man upholding moral and spiritual values. This feffort calls

when man will glorify God the Father and his Onlyfor perpetual adjustment and reevaluation of certain

Begotten Son more, or when he will fulfill a basic concepts in the fields they have chosen to follow.

purpose of his mortal sojourn, than when he exercises Their response to this challenge will have a farreach- his own volition to overcome wrong. While he being effect and will be recognized in more places than

comes like unto God, "to know good from evil,"he they have perhaps thought possible.

becomes a god when he consistently, through selfIn conclusion, may I again refer to the spiritual direction, incorporates the good and casts aside the fact that the Lord has told us to live by the pattern evil. To deprive man of this privilege would be to of gospel laws. Said he: "And again, I will give unto

deny him his potential. To impose it upon him by you a pattern in all things, that ye may not be deforce would be ineffectual. ceived; for Satan is abroad in the land, and he goetli

I have referred to some abuses that have crept into forth deceiving the nations."(D&C 52:14.)

sensitivity training, the nature of which is acknowl- I bear testimony that if we will keep our place edged by the National Training Laboratories, the secure in the kingdom of God, if we are to safeguard pioneer in group dynamic research and the founders our lives against the evils of the day, we must walk of the idea of laboratory training process. This orgain paths of righteousness in whatever field we choose

nization is extremely concerned witli the abuses that to follow and keep close to that way of life found are now cropping up in the name of sensitivity training. in the pattern of the gospel. O

September 1969 25 Carnegie Hero Medal Awarded Russell L Beck, deceased member of the Psychologists Honor Lakewood (California)

BYU Graduate Student Fourth Ward, has been

Gary Schwendiman, awarded posthumously the a doctoral candidate at Carnegie Hero Medal.

Brigham Young University, The award, which also carries has been named by a twoyear $50 a month the American Psychological stipend, was awarded Tabernacle Choir Sings in San Diego

Association as one for Brother Beck's An estimated 30,000 persons of ten outstanding young efforts to save a worker recently filled the new San Diego, psychologists in the who had succumbed to California, Stadium to hear the Tabernacle

United States and Canada. fumes in a gasfilled Choir sing a "Happy Birthday Salute"

The honor includes manhole. Brother Beck concert in honor of San Diego's

attendance at the twoweek was active in work 200th anniversary this year.

international Congress with the youth in the The event was widely heralded by of Psychology in London. Church. press and public alike.

Californian Named Education Association

Outstanding Educator Secretary Appointed

Richard L. Hanna, ward Elmer S. Crowley of the

clerk of the Huntington Rock Creek (Maryland)

Beach (California) Ward has been

Fourth Ward, has been named executive secretary selected by the California of the National Council Hill Cumorah Pageant Presented

Junior Chamber of of State Education The annual Hill Cumorah Pageant in western New York

Commerce as one of Associations, with was again staged this year to approximately 100,000 the ten outstanding young headquarters in Washington, viewers during a sixday run. This year's presentation

educators in the state. D.C. Formerly head of was marked by a widened seating area, removal

Brother Hanna, an the Idaho Education of some trees to give greater visibility, addition of electrically elementary school teacher, Association, Brother Crowley operated water curtains, a new sound and lighting is coauthor of a has been administrative system, and a new 100seat theater for the science test series for junior director of the national visitor's center. The pageant is one of the major

high school students. organization. religious pageants in North America.

26 Improvement Era Wli aim A BOOKCLUB TO A NEW BOOKCLUB!LDS Scene REPRESENT BOOKS FROM

CHOOSE ONE FREE

BOOK - NAim OUR GIFT TO YOU FOR JOINING!!

A. Ancient Apostles B. The Nauvoo Temple C. Gospel & Man's

by Pres. McKay by Cecil McGavin Relationship to Diety

BECOME A

CHARTER MEMBER BY PURCHASING A BOOK...

1. Highlights in

the Life of President McKay $4.95

2. Book of Mormon

Story - Mary Parrish $6.95

3. Doctrines

Covenants Speaks Roy Doxey $5.95

4. Science and

Mormonism Cook & Cook $5.95

5. LDS Family

Blaine Porter $4.95

6. Essentials in Ch.

History - Joseph i''Fielding Smith $5.95

7. Discourses of

Brigham Young Widtsoe $4.95

Bks.by John Hawkes:

8. 4 Hr. Book of Mormon Digest $1.95

9. 2 Hr. New Testament Digest $1.95

AllChurch Tennis Champions 10. Scripture Cards

The allChurch tennis {325 cards) $2.50

championship tournament was recently held in Salt Lake City CHARTER MEMBERS RECEIVE:

Some 300 natters from Hawaii to a.b. MonthlyFree Catalog!reviews of "feature book"of the month!

Great Britain competed for 50 title c. Special Discount lists with savings up to 50%!

trophies in 34 divisions. Please enroll me as a charter member and send me my FREE BOOK as circled:

. I agree to purchase C A B in of nondiscounted worth the $20 books Top awards went to Joseph Cowley,

next I will 12 monthsafter receive which one each For more Free Book.

men's ranked singles, additional $20 purchased I will receive a Free Book of my choosing up to the and Janice Stevens, women's cost of $4.00. (20% savings!) Beehive pays postage! Enclosed is $—

ranked singles. for my first purchase of the following circled book(s): 123456789 10

The fourday event was held (Utah residents:, Add 4y2% sales tax)

at Salt Lake City's Liberty Park. Print Name:

P.O. 8224 Box

City, alt Lake Utah Address:

I 84108 City: State: Zip:

September 1969 27

It was still morning—maybe near noon, as I was temple this summer, and she said yes. We have saved

hungry—but here deep in the Hawaii Temple my money because we were graduated, I working for

timing (but not my direction) was off from being her father at the corporation. I gave up a graduate

across the world from Taiwan. I needed orienting. scholarship at Taiwan National for an equal one in

The clock's hands might as well join. I sat confirming Utah, and we spent the spring getting our visa details

for the dead, and as I faced northwest toward Taipei done.

I thought, you don't say the word death heedlessly. There was the moon at Taroko, gauzecovered

Baptizing for the passedbeyond ones is better. before the rains, and a jet cutting across like a spider,

I opened my eyes a little. My white pants and shirt leaving one thread going east over the gorge. And I

clung. They were a good fitting, because I went for was fearing and trembhng—a little seed of panic at

fittings three times and the tailor thought I would proposing and going to America and all.

never finish, but these had to be perfect. A man We strolled across the footbridge in the high fog

doesn't fly to Hawaii every day, to marry and work in Taroko, and I was glad we wore tennis shoes and in the temple, to receive his endowments. Meimei, that I was young high in the mountains. I waited for

my wife, tailored our ricewhite robes. I felt like a her, helping her up. A man should be kind. And deft.

pioneer, with the 39 others who came. With these I grinned wide. "Tell me your joke, Chan,"Meimei

officials and bankers and rice farmers and shoe cutters said. Her eyes are huge like apricots. She would soon

we had set our faces east, and we flew bravely out of be Hu Yen Ling, but I called her Meimei the way my loved Taiwan, our trip on the front page of the sweethearts were called in China before.

Mandarin Daily News. Some of us took American "Ai ya, I'm happy."

names. On our way we ate at a Tokyo restaurant "How now?"

surrounded by pinkblossomed cherry trees. I can "I just asked if I can give myself away to the girl

never remember if those are Chinese or Japanese I love, and she assented."

cherry trees. We kept up walking. I had involved myself in her

So at the font's edge I waited for the next name's family, and I became of her clan, Weng, at 23 and confirmation. It was a beautiful name. It was our she at 22. Now I would be a patriarch, the generations

own—a Chinese name we researched and found of in order, with China's best cook to wife. I would wake

Meimei's ancestors: Hang Chung Jen—not just the in mornings beside her and reach out. And she would

passedon, but the Chinese passedon. Not strangers. be there, this existence being good. In a bright hour

When we had arrived, the temple glowed in the I would remember loneliness as a longago knock at mandarin sun whitehot at us, a pearl in a lotus, a my gate, when I was disoriented.

touchstone where heaven and earth, Yang and Yin, Coal smoke from the cold canyon air came down, converged willingly. I said to her, "A firstclass like smoke at the houses around our university in

temple."Taipei. We heard a folk song coming out that set us

It was a common ground for the living, the waxin harmony. I wondered if some chemistry would

ing, the younging, creative enough to synthesize their happen upon sharing my name with Meimei and at living and religion and have fun at it. I had my what moment her name changed.

Psalms with me—the first part of the Bible I ever read. The old familiar air of Taroko. I loved the sound

Religious white did not mean mourning here. I liked of the river below by the inn where we had fried rice

the landscaping's economy of balance. This was color. for lunch (not as good as Meimei's); dogs barked in

Exciting. Heaven was smiling. We, I thought, have the houses above. My soul walked comfortably on

come a long way. And much waiting. that soil with her. They were both mine. Both were

Last winter at the New Year of the Monkey I went necessary. And tangible.

back to Taroko Gorge at East Taiwan (where I worked A man is lucky to have a wife and all. And so I

a summer ago paving and driving a patch truck for kissed her and was out of breath from hiking, and

Taiwan Cement) with Meimei to ask, after grievous rehearsal (being a novice), her to marry with me. She Robert J. Morris is a Brigham Young University student

took my hand and we hiked. For I knew (and she specializinghis mission inin theAsianFar studies,East. an interest motivated by

knew too) the Church members would come to the

By Robert J. Morris

a

remembered the first kiss at college when my contact Father, and Joseph Smith's short sections in the Doclens fell out. Thus I meditated. So winter passed to trine and Covenants captivated me. A man wants a

spring and spring to summer, and I never knew them God to be somewhere and somebody. Ai ya, time

more beautiful or swift. Every time we were together flies like an arrow. I paid a tenth and stopped tea.

we would repeat again our plans for America, which And meditated a new light. My uncle told me you

we had never seen, and we never grew weary. are a young one, and faithlessness is not becoming a

We had asked my uncle to arrange the marriage man. When you exchange innocence for faith and

with Meimei's parents and for branch president Huang choose a religion, even as you will choose a wife, so to perform the rites. (Whenever he interviews, he asks you will not relinquish your Chineseness; whatever

you what your favorite scripture is.) We initiated our you be, be a good one, and it was no reprimand so I

marriage there as a preenactment, then again in did not fear.

Hawaii. Hawaii was a crux. We would go to the In my uncle's guest room was some writing; The

America mainland for living and graduate study in Son Who Travels Ten Thousand Li Should Reflect

Utah. We planned in ambition, like many of our That There Is Still a Home. I and Meimei had the

friends who emigrated to be like their friends. The best of one world. So that is how we married and did

thought of going all the way to America thrilled me temple work afterward. And we called our joy the

at first to be with the Church firsthand. Yes, Taroko first day.

was pretty, like the Pali and Waikiki, really the only For the fortieth name again the soft water now place in Taiwan that looked like the Chinese paintings covered me, and sound changed pitch. I remembered

you see from older dynasties. But I missed our island, my own baptism. I felt innocent and plain, as now.

and at the temple I began to doubt the propriety of I looked up through the water at the rippling ceiling home's having a new name. a moment. To have a father is good. To be a father

My confirming fini,shed, I stepped again into the is good, and to organize a family in your name.

warm font, and my white clothes rippled. I and my I felt something like an iron rod, akin to religious

branch president bowed slightly and smiled. The font burnings, through my middle, as I came up. It would

walls were watermarked. He said, "What is your be good to take that feeling back to Taiwan. We will

favorite scripture?"have our sons at home and not scattered abroad.

I said, "Mosiah, eighteen chapter, thirty verse."That is restitution enough. A man holds the priestAnother 40 names for the passedbeyond ones, perhood. And each man begets his own race. As the

fecting this day their candidacy as beginners in the sage kings Yao and Shun initiated the common enterChurch, rebirthing, and I felt a little hungry, so it prise of my people, so we venerate them because that must be noon. cause is our most primal and proprietous duty to them

Everyone in that baptistry was Chinese. Everybody. as cultural ancestors and founders.

The water glittered against my waist. The record Going back to the island, we would gain face—

keepers called the name of a passedon person, a prerogative I now shared with Meimei and owed my

Chinese, and I felt an ancestral anxiety of my own. sonsto-be. Our future lay behind us.

Someday I could stand here for my long silent parents. We can even squeeze in a summer semester at

Waiting was over, and everything in bounds and Taipei, I thought. But no one ever taught me how

oriented for me. I was more complete as a man; as to be a father to sons. So that was my most immediate

the Tao says, my Yang maleness was whole and school, and maybe in after years we could join our smoothed by the gentle occupations of Meimei's friends abroad who were neither east nor west. For

feminine Yin, as of old, a consummate and organic now the temple had been a simple solution. And that

whole with her ancestors. Myself before Meimei knew is what I told Meimei that afternoon as we packed

loneliness as a deep cave. our white clothes. O

I yearn sometimes to know my genealogy too, and perhaps that was drawing mc eastward from Hawaii.

A man needs a legitimate knowledge of his birthright, not.shreds. I was an orphan at five. Maybe thinking Though we are many

of apart, all those new names and faces in Utah scared me How True! Milesa litde.

prayer can bring us A But it was in my high school days I began to have By Mary Colby Wilder to heart! Heart

friends of the Mormon Christian people, who mentioned that I was the son of a Father of spirits—a son

of heaven. I asked them to tell me more about this

30 Improvement Era

LOOKING

AHEAD Savings plans to finance Missions for Sons, Daughters, Grandsons, Grandaughters

egardless of how you want to accumulate accumulated in the Passbook account. Also to

funds of approximately $2,400.00 for a have all the interest paid quarterly on the 90day

mission. First Security Bank can assist you. Savings Certificates credited to the

Passbook account. RThree types of savings plans are available,

together with variations or combinations to fit your "The way I've figured it,"said Mr. A., "I'll have

individual needs. These include: saved $2,424.96. If my son should go on a

mission, he'll receive $100.00 a month

5% per annum ShortTerm Savings Certificate—and the account will still have $579. 11 in it,

with interest credited to a Passbook account perhaps for a postmission trip."

every 90 days.

$2,424.96 saved Amount Certificate Savings LongTerm annum 5% per 554.15 Interest paid by Bank 5-year interest over a with guaranteed 5%

period even if present interest rates should Amount paid Missionary $2,979.11

go down. This plan yields 5.60% when

interest is accumulated over 5 years.

SAVING $500 A YEAR Passbook Savings, a special mission account.

for a year year each once Depositing $500.00 Any amount may be deposited at any time.

will return that your to create a fund 5 years will

Many families use a combination of plans, missionary $100.00 a month for 24 months.

And the 24th month's check would be for $778.80 - not just $100.00.

MR. & MRS. A'S PLAN

You may be interested in the specific plan Amount saved.$2,500.00

designed by Mr. and Mrs. A. In the early summer Interest paid by Bank 578.80

of 1968 they decided that they wanted to Amount paid Missionary $3,078.80

accumulate a fund so that 5 years hence $100.00

a month could be sent to their son all the time he would be on a mission. PLAN FOR YOUR FAMILY

They had $624.96 in cash at that time, so they Each family's requirements vary, but we at

put it in our 5% per annum 5- Year Savings First Security Bank have the "knowhow"to tailor

Certificate. Interest is guaranteed. So the a plan so that you would receive maximum

$624.96 will earn $175.04 interest in 5 years. interest.

By 1973 it will have grown to $800.00.

discuss your in and hope you will come We Mr. accumulate A. decided To more, $1,800.00 specific savings plan be your whether problem—

for years. instructed to save 5 a month $30.00 He for of time. short period a long or merely

to that automatically us transfer each amount month from his checking account and put it in a

Special Mission Passbook Savings Account. Federal regulations stipulate the maximum interest which may

Mr. A. also told us to buy a 5% ShortTerm be paid by national banks. Examples shown are based

Savings Certificate each time $500.00 has been on present maximum permissible rates.

First Security Bank of Utah, National Association. First Security State Bank.

First Security Bank of Idaho, National Association.

First Security Bank of Rock Springs, Wyoming. FIRST SECURITY BANK Members Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation

September 1969 31 Organ virtuoso Virgil Fox rehearses for a concert on the Rodgers

Custom Touring Organ.

The Rodgers organ represents a skillful blending of spaceage technology with centuriesold musical tradition which has won the respect of the world's finest organists.

But Let's Face Tj.I I Few of us live in mansions or worship in cathedrals.

In choosing a church organ, price must be considered II J \ along with musical capability.

Rodgers introduces the new Specification 110, a radiantly musical and complete organ at an affordahle price.

AllAGO console and pedalboard, separate Celestes on each manual, standard couplers, Flute chiff, and the renowned Rodgers ensemble are among the uncompromising features which distinguish the new Specification 110 from any comparably priced organ.

A proper instrument at a moderate price... a new and very

real innovation from Rodgers.

Write for full details.

JORGAN COMPANY32 1300 N. E. 25th Avenue Hillsboro, Oregon 97123

Some..\ URCGmmon

In the centennial year of the Mormon migration, Mormons were not the first of the western pioneers;

Vilate C. Raile wrote of the Mormon pioneers: they did not compose the vast majority of those who

went west; and they did not pioneer the first trans

"They cut desire into short lengths Missouri wagon road. But there are some aspects of

And fed it to the hungry fires of courage. what they did that tend to be ignored in historical

Long after, when the flames had died, accounts of westward expansion of the United States.

Molten gold gleamed in the ashes. There are at least ten unusual aspects of the Mormon

They gathered it into bruised palms migration.

And handed it to their children 1. A Religiously Motivated Migration.

And their children's children forever."The motive that led the Mormons westward was

religion, and in this they differed from all other sizable

In our pioneer heritage there is much of this molten contemporary migrations. Utah is the only western

gold, but we often cannot distinguish it from the state settled by Americans in which religion was the ashes. Some of it is found in the uncommon aspects

primar\'motivating force for migration and in which of the Mormon migration.

The period from 1835 to 1869, when the railroads Dr. T. Edgar Lyon, wellknown Church historian and author, has

were joined at Promontory Summit, was a time in taught for many years at the Institute of Religion adjacent to the

Western America when thousands of people moved to UniversityRestoration,of incorporated.Utah campus and is research historian for Nauvoo

the Far West on horseback or with wagons. The

September 1969 33 it continued as such for more than a half century. Most bedding and clothing, were more than filled. There

people traveling to the Far West sought economic was little or no space for hauling furniture or luxury betterment, improved health, escape from the moitems, or even stoves, in many cases.

notony of urban life, flight from unhappy marital or In contrast, the Oregon and California immigrants family situations, to run beyond the long arm of the who camped along the same roadway to the West law, or to give vent to a restive spirit of adventure. carried large sums of gold and silver to establish

After having met pressures from hostile social groups themselves in their new homes. Many of their wagons,

and religious bigots in New York and Ohio, the Mornot being filled with such large supplies of food, which mons migrated to Missouri. There, the same forces, could be obtained when they reached the Pacific

intensified by local problems, erupted into mob vioCoast, started their journeys with fine furniture and lence on two occasions and ended in the expulsion of luxury items.

After 1849 the Perpetual Emigrating Fund Company "Utah is the only western state provided overland transportation from the Missouri

Valley outfitting centers to Great Salt Lake City, for settled by Annericans in which those unable to secure their own wagons and animals.

Many of the converts in the British Isles, where wages religion was the primary were depressed, could not save enough to pay their nnotivating force for nnigration...."passage to the Missouri Valley. Later the fund provided complete transportation from British and continental ports to Utah. With all of their worldly

possessions in one or two boxes (so limited by the the Mormons from the state. They settled in Illinois, shipping companies and the Perpetual Emigrating

but soon the old sources of friction, augmented by Fund Company), thousands of immigrants who otherpolitical intrigues, economic jealousy, and startling rewise never could have reached Utah were given the ligious innovations, aroused antagonism toward them. privilege of establishing homes and owning land in

They were presented with the alternative of abantheir new Zion.

doning their city of Nauvoo and their many settlements in the surrounding country, or engaging in a civil 3. Mormons Did Not Employ Professional Guides.

war to maintain their property rights and their reHgious differences. The Mormon leaders announced During the eighteentwenties, thirties, and forties

their intention to seek a new home in the Far West the "mountain men"( fur trappers and traders ) roamed rather than engage in the shedding of blood. There western North America. In their quest for beaver and

they would build their communities and be free to otter, they followed Indian and buffalo trails and establish their religion and a government in harmony became familiar with the mountains and plains of with their religious ideals. Mormons by the tens of the West. When beaver hats were replaced by silk

thousands undertook the tiring westward journey to hats, the value of beaver pelts fell drastically, and establish what they termed "the kingdom of God."their trappings ceased to be a highly profitable

business. 2. The Economic Status of the Participants. Many of them found a new source of income. They

journeyed to the rendezvous points for immigrants

A second factor that is different in the Mormon going to the Far West and offered themselves as guides migration is the economic status of the participants. In to the migrating parties.

contrast to the usual California and Oregon migrants The immigrants, aware of the unmarked wilderness of the same years, the Mormons were relatively poor, roads, the dangers from Indians, and the problems of and many were in destitute circumstances. The crossing the large rivers and high mountains, gladly

earliest pioneers to Utah had received only a fraction engaged the services of these knowledgeable men at of the value of the property that had been sold in very high prices. To have started for Oregon or

Illinois and Iowa. Usually they had received only food, California without a guide would have appeared

wagons, livestock, or farm products in exchange for foolhardy.

their homes, farms, and shops. Their wagons, when The Mormons did an unusual thing. They lacked

loaded with the farming equipment and tools needed the gold and silver to employ the guides, but they to establish houses in their new settlements, the neceshad confidence in their leaders as men inspired by sary food to last them for more than a year, and God. These leaders had studied every available map

34 Improvement Era

-i;.?-=**

1 T It folds easily, nests compactly, | | T-"A'with no nnetalto-nnetal contact.

It has a tubular steel frame. I

It has the lowest possible maintenance.

B It is lightweight but strong.

9a It has X-frame construction with double cross bracing.

;A... Oi It has a baked enamel finish.

It has a polypropylene / I injection molded seat and back.

Oi It resists scratching and cleans easily.

9a It is contour designed for maximum comfort.

lUa It has a reinforced seat.

lla It supports 500 pounds.

It will not Ma -U tip in normal use.

Now give us one good reason for not buying Samsonite's "2200 folding chaii...

a completely new concept in portable seating!

Contact Church Furnishings Purchasing r——————————————————————————————-i

Office 125 North Main Street I Gentlemen:Samsonite corporation,We are consideringInstitutionalthe purchaseFurnitureofDiv., Dept. IE99, Denver, Colo. 80217

Salt Lake City, Utah, for special pricing | QUANTITY on all Samsonite merchandise. I.chairs. They will be used as follows.-.

TYPE Samsonite'2200 I YourPleaseNamprush Q Name of Nearest Distributor n Descriptive Literature I You r AddressFolding Chairs I Your Organization or Company.

Samsonite Institutional Furniture Division! City.state..Zip code.

Dept. IE99, Denver, Colo. 80217

September 1969 35 and printed record ( particularly those of Captain John the prairies. Under the leadership of men whom the

C. Fremont). They were confident that with God's aid Saints viewed as God's prophetic leaders on earth,

they'd "find the place which God for us prepared, they diverted the water from mountain streams and far away, in the West."As they journeyed westward made the former deserts become fruitful fields. They

became the pioneers in irrigation processes in America and formed the basis of irrigation law that has now

There is no known record of any become international in its acceptance.

other such large company of 5. A Migration of Families.

pioneers starting for the West, in

The greater part of the wagon trains that traveled which no one in the company had the California and Oregon trails were composed prepreviously traversed the road"dominantly of men. Relatively few women and

children accompanied them. There were some exceptions, but the movement was primarily one of adventurers who did not take families with them. In

they made inquiry of the mountain men they met, concontrast, the Mormon pioneers (with the exception of cerning the best roads to follow. There is no known the first pioneer exploratory party) were families

record of any other such large company of western moving en masse to the Far West. In addition, the

pioneers starting for the West, in which no one in the Mormon migration had a higher percentage of older company had previously traversed the road. people, who went along with their married children.

These factors make the Mormon migration unique 4, Nonfrontiersmen Were Quickly Transformed Into because of the greater difficulties imposed by the

Pioneers. divergent groups within the companies. Women,

children, and older people prevent a group from

The Saints who left Nauvoo were not in the main traveling as rapidly as a body of men could do. The

rugged frontiersmen who had come from pioneering usual childhood diseases, childbirth, and the infirmistock. The majority of them in their own generation ties of age all caused lost days of travel. These people

had come either from the settled communities of rerequired more time to pack and unpack each day, finement along the Atlantic Seaboard or from the to prepare meals and wash clothing.

British Isles. They were not fifthor sixthgeneration The presence of families required the travel compioneer stock, such as Abraham Lincoln's family. His panies to be larger than a group of men, in order to

ancestors had pioneered on the Atlantic seaboard, then provide sufficient men to adequately guard the group above the tidewater regions, over the mountains into against Indian depredations. The increased size of

the great western valleys, into Kentucky and Ohio, the companies created other problems, including more

Tennessee, Indiana, and Illinois. This contrast is time needed to water the larger number of animals

significant. three or more times a day, and to sort out the hunRelatively few of the Mormons at TJauvoo had dreds of animals each morning before harnessing or

grown up accustomed to dealing with livestock, farmyoking-up.

ing, building houses from the raw materials of the countryside. Many of the American Mormons and 6. The Mormon Trail Was a Twoway Road.

most of those from Europe had been miners, factory workers, shopkeepers, sailors, trained artisans, and The majority of pioneers heading for the West Coast businessmen. The Mormon exodus took that group, were not concerned about building a road on which

and under the tutelage of a relatively few who had to return to the East, nor were they concerned about grown up in pioneering situations, within a few months those who would follow after them. Once on the

the Saints had been transformed into a people who West Coast, ocean transportation would provide easier handled heavily loaded wagons drawn by oxen, horses, communication routes with the East. In contrast, the

and mules and traversed a variety of climatic belts Mormons were conscious that a neverending stream into the arid West. of immigrants would be following in their steps, as

None of these migrants were familiar with irrigation converts caught the spirit of gathering. Furthermore,

agriculture. All had come from areas where the rainthey were aware that missionaries by the hundreds

fall produced abundant crops or verdant coverage of would be trekking back along the route, and that

36 Improvement Era More Ride For\bur Money

j-j"

i*

Hottest Brand Going 19d8 C tititiental Oil Com()arw

More Ride For Your Money...Conoco...

means top quality products, service and value throughout the Rockies!

You get More Ride For Your Money... when you ride with the best... in everything from high performance gasolines and AllSeason Super motor oil, to the

latest in maps and Touraide travel information at your Conoco dealer's.

Add carefree enjoyment to your travels through America's scenic wonderland... and get MORE RIDE FOR YOUR MONEY... AT CONOCO... HOTTEST BRAND

GOING!.

September 1969 37 wagons would be returning to the Missouri Valley to searched in vain for a comparable mass of people in haul new groups of immigrants to Utah. the lower economic brackets being moved so far and

When they came to streams that were fordable, so efficiently by their coreligionists without any profit they stopped long enough to cut down the banks to motive, and without a planned exploitation of them make the descent and ascent from the ford easier. as a work force.

They corduroyed swampy stretches of road and constructed ferries on the larger riv.ers that were too 8. The Organization of Mormon Wagon Trains.

swift or deep to ford, then stationed crews to operate them for oncoming parties, They constructed dugways Nothing had welded the average emigrant to the to reduce the hazard of loaded wagons tipping over Pacific Coast into a homogenous group prior to starting for the West. Most pioneers traveled to some wellknown rendezvous point and joined others whom they

'They improved the roads, in an had not previously known, to make a group large unselfish way, as a means of enough to travel in safety and to be able to hire a guide to conduct the train on its long journey.

assisting a great number of people Iti contrast, the Mormons had been conditioned by a common religious conviction concerning the restoraunrelated by blood to them...'.'tion of the gospel and its priesthood leadership. Brigham Young announced a revelation {D&C 136) that

gave a plan for organizing the wagon companies.

Under this system there was a chain of command from on hillside roads. They improved the roads, in an unthe leader of each migrating unit down to each wagon.

selfish way, as a means of facilitating the movement of The correlation of effort at each level enabled the a great number of people, unrelated by blood to them, Mormon companies, although composed of people who but tied perhaps even closer through the bonds of usually did not have outfits as good as the nonMormons en route to the West, to complete their Christian love and brotherhood.

journey in a minimum of time, with a minimum loss 7. TJte Magnanimous Aspect of the Mormon Migration. of manpower and goods, and a higher percentage of

success in reaching their destination.

Though it is difficult to measure this intangible Mormon companies did not go part way west, then achievement in terms of material accomplishments, it lose heart and return to the East. By mutual assistance,

was nonetheless a unique aspect of the Latterday Saint sharing, and sacrificing, all born of their religious migration. The Mormons were concerned with the sense of brotherhood, the Mormons maintained their

social and economic wellbeing of mankind as well organized groups. They did not reject their leaders

as spiritual values. When they departed from Nauvoo nor split the trains into units too small for adequate

there were hundreds who possessed neither wagons protection. In any wagon train there are fastand

nor draft animals nor milk cows. The members of slowwalking animals. The Mormons with the fastestthe Church, in conference assembled, placed themwalking animals did not go off and leave the others.

selves under a mutual assistance covenant to exert The speed of the entire train was limited by the gait of every resource within their power to assist those famithe slowest team in the group.

lies without the necessary facilities to travel, and not to rest until all Saints who desired to go west had 9. Respect for Life and Death.

been helped on their way.

Many converts in the British Isles lacked money to The journals of immigrants who traveled the Oregon follow the Saints to the Great Basin. The Perpetual and California trails relate that parties arriving at a

Emigrating Fund Company and a few wealthy memcampground often found the remains of a human body bers of the Church assisted thousands to reach their there. The dead person had been wrapped in a

Zion in the mountains. Such assistance opened the blanket and placed in a shallow grave, as the camp

way for people who otherwise would have spent their hurried on to its destination. Wolves had pawed away

lives at a relatively low economic standard of living to the earth and exhumed the remains.

become independent landowners and farmers and Mormon journals note many deaths en route to the artisans. Great Basin. But they also noted the making of coffins

The annals of immigration in America can be from spare lumber, wagon tailgates, or cottonwood

38 Improvement Era George no longer thinks Mussorgsky is a halfback at Notre Dame But he did until he heard the Standard natural resources and we realize that

School Broadcast's orchestra play a youth is the greatest natural resource selection by this great Russian composer. there is. The more we help young people

George is one of about three million now, the more they'll contribute to students in the West who listen to our country in the future.

our radio program in their classrooms The Standard School Broadcast, each week. For many it may be their scholarships, fellowships and teaching

first opportunity to hear the world's materials are but a few of the ways our great music—an experience which Company shows its continuing interest in

may open the door to a lifelong, today's young men and women.

rewarding interest.

Standard Oil is trying to help young people

We've provided this aid to education for discover more about themselves 40 years. Why? We're specialists in... and the world they live in.

The Chevron—

Standard Oil Company of California Sign of excellence and its worldwide family of Chevron Companies

September 1969 39 logs. A deep grave was dug and the coffin lowered;

then cobblestones were hauled from the riverbeds and placed on top of the coffin as a double safeguard against the ravaging wolves. A piece of wood, iron, Richard L. Evans

or stone was then prepared to mark the site and give

The Spoken Word the name of the interred person.

There are journal accounts of nonMormon migrants

Chance could not have done it deserting a man and his family on the trail so they would not lose a day waiting for the delivery of a

As men move farther out from the magnificent child. Indians sometimes fell upon such a deserted

/Aearth that God gave us, and look back upon family and slaughtered them before they could overits awesome beauty, its movement, its pretake the ongoing party./ V

cision and proportion, upon the wondrous working The Mormon people placed great value on human and magnificent majesty of it all, we come with life, and welcomed the newly born with rejoicing.

souls subdued to the quiet conviction of these They were not unwilling to remain in camp to wait simple words: "In the beginning God created the while the midwife effected a deliverv.r'The mother

heaven and the earth...."Chance could not was relieved of the anxiety of being deserted while

have done it. "And God saw every thing that he enduring childbirth under most difficult conditions.

had made, and, behold, it was very good."Well,

man, made in the image of God, has done much 10. The Mormon Migration Was the Movement of a

with his marvelous Godgiven mind, in the disCommunitij.

covery and use of natural law. But much as man

has done, he has scarcely touched the surface of The Mormon migration to the Great Basin in the all this majesty of meaning, of purpose, of infinite early years was essentially the migration of the city understanding. Think a moment of the organizing of Nauvooits people, its crafts, and its religious conand engineering and operation of it all—of keepvictions. The migrants loaded into their wagons, in

ing a world within a livable range of temperature; addition to tools, food, clothing, books, and cooking

of air and water renewing themselves; of insect, equipment, the historical and religious records of

animal, and bacterial balance in infinite variety. the Church. They took with them the minutes of the

And the creation is evidence of a Creator, design city council and the records of the municipal court.

is evidence of the Designer, and law is evidence They also took the intangible spirit of the town wdth of its Maker and Administrator—evidence sufficient them. Although this was not tangible, it was no less

even for the most skeptical and unbelieving. "When real to them than books and tools and food.

a load of bricks, dumped on a corner lot, can arJohn Taylor declared in the last issue of the Nauvoo range themselves into a house,"wrote Bruce BarNeiglibor that the spirit which had built Nauvoo in ton, "when a handful of springs and screws and seven years could build a better city and a better wheels, emptied onto a desk, can gather themselves temple than had been accomplished at Nauvoo. These

into a watch, then and not until then will it seem things the people did at the end of their western trail.

at least, sensible, of to believe that us to some fall of City In the Salt Lake two was 1847, when all... [this] created could... without have been

its old, inhabitants nearly thoutwo months numbered any directing intelligence at all."Then and only

then will I believe that this Was done by chance sand. A year later, after the three companies of 1848

had arrived, the city had nearly five thousand inhabi-—or without eternal plan and purpose. "Behind

everything stands God,"said Phillips Brooks. "Do tants. The shops and industries of Nauvoo were

not avoid, but seek, the great, deep, simple things functioning, and the Nauvoo bands played as they of faith. ""And God saw every thing that he had had done before starting westward. The communitymade, and, behold, it was very good."was the largest between the Missouri River and the

West Coast. It was the only supply station in more

'Genesis 1:1. 1:31. than two thousand miles where a true city could be Genesis

'Bruce Barton, If a Man Dies, Shall He Live Again? found. Great Salt Lake City was transplanted Nauvoo

Phillips Brooks, The Light of the World and Other Sermons: The Seriousness of Life. reborn.

Truly Mormon pioneers had cut desire into short * The Spoken Word from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting lengths and fed it to the hungry fires of courage, where

System July 13, 1969. Copyright 1969. we might still find molten gold in the ashes. O

40 Improvement Era

''Since my boyhood I had known the restored gospel to be true. In my college days I had subjected it to every test known to me. Throughout

my life it had made the days joyous. Doubt had

fled. I possessed the Truth and understood,

measurably, the pure and simple gospel of Jesus

Christ. "I had studied the gospel as carefully as any science. The literature of the Church I had acquired and read. During my spare time, day by

day, I had increased my gospel learning. And I

had put the gospel truth to work in daily life, and had never found it wanting.

"The claims of Joseph Smith the Prophet had been examined and weighed. No scientific claim

had received a more thorough analysis. Everywhere the divine mission of the latterday prophet

was confirmed.

"The restored Church had been compared with other churches. Doctrine for doctrine, principle

for principle, organization for organization, the churches had been placed side by side. Compared]

with the churches of the world, the Church ofj

Jesus Christ, as restored through Joseph Smith, Theologieal stood like a field of ripening grain by the side of scattering stalks.

"The stream of Church history since Jesus'day llliteraies was muddy. The churches could not confirm the

By Elder Marion I). Hanks descent of their authority. The facts in recorded

history proved the reality of the apostasy from the primitive faith, as taught by Jesus, the Christ.

The restored Church alone possessed the priesthood of Almighty God."(Pp. 15859.)

n a recent conversation with a No one knows anything about his homeland choice college girl, I listened to simply because he was born a citizen thereof.

two statements that may reflect He must learn. No one knows anything about

the feelings of many of her peers who have similar Christ's work simply by being born a member of problems for similar reasons and who, like her, the Church, and often he knows little about it seem content to understand where the solutions after years of unmotivated exposure in meetings are without doing anything to bring them about. or classes. He must learn. And learning involves

She called herself a "theological illiterate,"selfinvestment and effort. The gospel should be

shortly thereafter noting that she has never read studied "as carefully as any science."The "literathrough any of the socalled standard works nor ture of the Church"must be "acquired and read."

any basic exposition of gospel principles. She had Our learning should be increased in our spare

not read any version of Church history, lengthy time "day by day."Then as we put the gospel

or abbreviated. truth to work in daily life, we will never find it

I recalled for her a statement made by Dr. John wanting. We will be literate in the most important

A. Widtsoe, learned apostle and university presifield of knowledge in the universe, knowledge for

dent, in his great autobiography, hi a Sunlit lack of which men and nations perish, in the light

Land. Dr. Widtsoe wrote: of which men and nations may be saved. O

42 Era of Youth

friend of ours tells the story what has become a great lesson Oliver the Lord had to reply, of his notso-glorious career as to me. He said, "No one expected "Because you did not continue as

a high school quarterback. Alme to make a touchdown. Even you commenced... I have taken

though he made the team, the running the wrong way was unaway this privilege.... You

truth was soon evident, and midderstandable. But there was no feared, and the time is past, and

season found him the fourth of excuse for a quarterback without it is not expedient now."(See

four at that position. By season's shoes!"D&C 9:5, 11.) The opportunity

end, he had given up. During the In one of the revelations conof a lifetime had not been seized

final game he pulled off his shoes, tained in the Doctrine and Coveduring the lifetime of the opporwrapped himself in a blanket, and nants, Oliver Cowdery was told tunity, and it was gone forever.

settled down to watch his buddies that he was to be granted the gift Young people of the Church, perform. of translation. (D&C 6:25.) there is a great growth ahead for

Then it came. But here, in a far more serious you. There is permanent, peace-

"Hey, you! Get in there and contest, was another quarterback ful joy to be felt. Be faithful. Be

move the ball!"without shoes. He wasn't as ready ready. Believe in the battle, and

The sound almost stunted his as he had once been. His belief be willing to serve. To all who

growth. What should he do? His in himself and his cause had falwill hear, the angel is saying what

first impulse was to say "Wait, tered, and though he cried, "Wait he said long ago to Peter: "Arise

coach, while I put on my shoes."while I get ready!"he learned that... bind on thy sandals...

The next two possibilities were eternal work can seldom wait. To follow me."(See Acts 12:7-8.) o

either to pretend he didn't hear or to lapse into a coma. He did

the only manly thing. Strapping on

his helmet as he ran, he made straight for the huddle, his stockinged feet conspicuously evident. Amid unbelieving teammates he called a play. But the

shock of his first game was a little disconcerting, and as he took the snap from center, it dawned on him that he had forgotten which play he called. As

his defense moved to the right, he nimbly went left and met the world of opposition head on and was swallowed up in the snarl of opposing linemen.

Though the story goes on to something of a happy ending, my friend takes the occasion to teach

ow much would you give for a guarantee of success in your college studies? What

would it be worth to you if you knew of a way to ensure not only a good grade and graduation, but a real education as well? There

is such a way, though you won't find it in lesson outlines, study guides, or cram sessions. The

way is through that which all of us share in common—the influence of the gospel of Jesus

Christ. Through righteous application of four gospel principles, you can practically ensure

yourself of success in your college work.

1. The Word of Wisdom: If

you've read the 89th section of the Doctrine and Covenants lately, you should know that one of the blessings promised for adherence to the Word of Wisdom is "wisdom and great treasures of knowledge, even hidden treasures."How long has it been

since you applied that promise to your geography class, or physics, or EngHsh? Do you

know that there are no limits to the amount of knowledge the Lord will help us gain if we obey the law set down to obtain it?

If you live the Word of Wisdom, your body will be more pure and your mind more clear to receive earthly as well as heavenly knowledge. On the other

hand, how can you pretend to summon your mind to intense application. when your body is

polluted and desecrated? Former

Harvard President Charles Eliot once told a group of incoming freshmen, "Remember, students, tobacco destroys the mind, and you have none to spare!"It has

been shown that the capacity for scholarly work differs significantly between smoking and nonsmoking groups of students.

And have you ever heard of first tested the promise of James purpose of our salvation and alcoholic indulgence for intellecto seek spiritual light, he conexaltation. If you obey that comtual stimulation, let alone the tinned to use this method of faith mandment, you'll work and study

use of drugs to develop an acaand prayer throughout his life to educate yourself in those areas demic discipline? If you really to gain secular as well as spirthe Lord mentioned—and I chalbeheve the Lord, why not take itual knowledge, lenge you to find one area of

him at his word and obey the 3. The Holy Spirit: We are academic learning that wasn't

law to reap the blessing promtold in the 46th section of the included.

ised? Living the Word of WisDoctrine and Covenants to seek Education and exaltation in

dom—in its positive parts as earnestly the "best gifts"of the the gospel are really synonywell as in avoiding substances Spirit. One of these gifts is the mous; both are part of an eternal

thatbody—cancan provebecomeharmfulone toof yourthe wordword ofof knowledge,wisdom; another"that allis maythe processHugh B. ofBrownlearning.once said,President"Pergreatest study aids you've ever be taught to be wise and to have haps not but by searching, man

used. knowledge."Now, if you live may become acquainted with his

2. Faith and Prayers: How worthily enough to receive an universe; by intelligent searchlong has it been since you've increasing fullness of the gospel, ing, gaining knowledge, becomprayed for help in your classthese gifts will come to you ing educated, man may come to

work? When you did, did you through the influence of the understand and appreciate, not

ihave faith that God would really Holy Spirit, that same Spirit of only his immediate surroundings, help you, or did you say it and which Jesus spoke when he said, but by constantly pushing back then forget it? When Jesus said, "He shall teach you all things, his horizons in all directions he

"What things soever ye desire, and bring all things to your rewill discover ever more compelwhen ye pray, believe that ye membrance."This means just ling evidence of plan, design, and

receive them, and ye shall have what he said, that the Holy purpose—hence a planner, a dethem"(Mark 11:24), he didn't Spirit will act as a study aid for signer, a mind—God."

\ limit this blessing to healing us even in our school work (reThis, then, is the ultimate purSfrom bodily illness or gaining a member, Jesus said all things) pose of a college education and testimony of the gospel. if we merit his influence and should become the basic motiva-

"... all things are possible companionship. tion for your studying. If you

to him that believeth."(Mark 4. Eternal Progression: If learn for the sake of the gospel,

9:23.) Faith in God, faith in you really believe in eternal the gospel will help you learn. It

yourself as a child of God, faith progression, you can't help but. is just that simple. Faith and

in your ability to learn, and faith succeed in college. The gospel prayer, the Word of Wisdom, the

in his helping you are all essenplan gives purpose to learning, philosophy and goal of eternal, tial to human understanding. meaning to progress, and underprogression, and the influence of

You might make some progress standing to every academic the Holy Spirit can become your on your own, but without the discipline. The Lord has expressmost valued and trusted study

moral principle and spiritual ly commanded us to learn not aids. Together with diligent

power that faith produces, peronly spiritual things, but "things study habits, they can practically manent progress is impossible. both in heaven and in the earth, guarantee success in your classWithout faith in a God of laws and under the earth; things work. I've tried it along with

and order and purpose, how could which have been, things which many others, and it works you even attempt to account for are, things which must shortly Here's an invitation for you to the great phenomena of nature? come to pass; things which are do the same.

Why then don't you apply the at home, things which are test and "ask of God"? abroad; the wars and the perJames Moss is a former stuBut remember, you must "ask plexities of the nations, and the dentbody president at the Uniin faith, nothing wavering."And judgments which are on the versity of Utah and a recent

; and a knowledge also of graduate in law from Stanford remember also—if you need conland

vincing proof of these study aids countries and of kingdoms"University.

—that although Joseph Smith (D&C 88:79)—all for the

September 1969 47

,'s'. -a.

.V- =.<"o'M-StvxeS.V.':

VC Vo \.o xj\0.<'

.-4.<<N a.'.e.v<\0> pNO)% 'A< AV'6 <ti V

.'.- N aX* <'\. O <b<.V v.V<"*1

\'<'\<...Vi A* >\\\ \v nO- A-'.eVV.X>

,<<"'\P p\.slN.-.cO.<"..6-.<'i '. e.- e:cS A'<6 V < 'O''\'0 X>'0 L.'X5'S

\C'"Xs<= X,<'xtl tS-. ko.\ iO.'.XO <

s''<<.<o x>. \Z;\<v-c o N.V'Xs'S XV 6 xo'.\.v> X) X:\ OO.vv'-X \.S'

v-tl.-.:c<'o xP <& \+-.<o

->< -ccv v \P <'\'Z.<S'\P.v> c''"CO.

vji'.\,X N\a 60 \P'x>

XvS-::>'&..\ x<. rV'"Cs'<y.AO<& <N'A"'v>'... x> vo S xP,< -20. xo cnO.. x',<s<&

X6'N"5'N". x>'

.o<o"."xo,< clN r:\<.cX'0.c<,<e-.<

x'A\i vti<.< x\vX'

X.Vtx>X Docs Gigarette

I I

By Dr. Thomas A. Clawson, Jr.

you like to travel? Travelchoice. Let's take this step by

ing is something near and dear step.Dto me. Since I reached my teens Hov/ are we going to travel?

I have had a choice of two trips We need a vehicle with five perone—an LSD trip, popping pills, fect wheels—four to roll on and

smoking pot, and mainlining one to steer us. Our four perfect

right down the road of degradawheels are sacrament meeting, tion into the jaws of death, into Sunday School, MIA, and semithe mouth of hell; the other nary; our steering wheel, the

an LDS trip, down the glorious four standard works of the road of mortality and into the Church. Once we get behind the

kingdom of God. On this trip I wheel of this vehicle and hold

can take friends of my own on, there are no breakdowns and choosing. Will you be my friend no detours.

and join me on my LDS trip? The mode of travel for the

If the answer is yes, then you other trip? A long, bumpy slide.

will need to make the same Looks like fun? Well, look

preparations I must make. You closely—it is lubricated with

will find out why I made this slime to make it easy to go down.

Let's pack all our necessities for our LDS trip. I'll tell you

what I'm taking. I need faith.

Lots of it. Knowledge—knowledge of the gospel and the best

education I can obtain. Love

love for my Heavenly Father, love for his gospel, love for my fellowman, love for my home and family, love for my country.

I'll take honesty, because I must be honest with myself and know this is the direction I want to go.

I need strength and will power, vast amounts of it, so I'll pray

lUcar and Dear lo Me By Carolyn Roe

constantly to keep a good supply the celestial kingdom. I want to

on hand. I need humility, bebe with my Heavenly Father and

cause in humility we recognize to meet my earthly family there, the power and glory of the Lord to live in joy and happiness in all things, and without his forever. Here and now, I have

help we are as nothing. the freedom to accept either

For the other trip you don't invitation—one voice saying,

pack much; you toss out—reHey, baby, be free, turn on,

spect, dignity, strength, health, tune in."Is tliat being free?

and eventually your brain power Yes, in a way that wild animals and backbone. A needle, weed, are free. But I'm not an animal.

or capsule becomes your soul and I'm a child of God, and that your governor, and somewhere knowledge really makes me free.

you find you have tossed out the I hear the other voice, the real you. voice of the Shepherd, one who

Now, we have to finance this loved me enough to die for me, trip. How are we going to do saying, "Follow me; I am the

it? I have "ways and means."way."I know this choice of mnne

They include will be dear to the heart of the 1. Faith Shepherd, and it is dear to the

2. Repentance heart of me. O

3. Baptism 4. Obeying the Ten Commandments

5. Living the Word of Wisdom

6. Tithing 7. Strong testimony, knowing that God lives and that

my church is true 8. A temple marriage, to a

man I love and respect; to

a man who holds the priesthood, which I honor to know our children will be ours forever; to experience the greatest honor

possible to earthly parents.

The other trip? The price was

too high—I couldn't afford it.

Why spend yourself to get nowhere fast?

It is time to talk about where we are going. I want to go to

ome on... enough of that daydreaming. Be done with mere hoping your

dreams will come true. Say so long

to wasted moments and the lazy life.

Get up and at it and start writing!

The annual Era of Youth Writing Contest is underway, and your entry might be a lucky winner. At best, you can win one of the fabulous

scholarships. You might win a cash award or

an Era subscription or publication in a forthcoming issue of the Era of Youth. Or... there

is the proverbial loser's satisfaction in trying:

just putting your own creative ideas down on paper is something!

This year the contest is slightly different. In

addition to the traditional short story and sion—featurepoetry categories,articles.we're Thesegiving areyouthea newkindsdiviof

interesting, readable items you see featured in magazines. You may want to write about "How

to Flip a Crepe Suzette"or "Ten Reasons Why

It Pays to Be Honest,"or how to identify snails, musical instruments, or a likely v/onderful wife!

This is a contest in which young writers write for young readers. That is a winning tip. Study

the back issues of the Era of Youth to see what kinds of features we publish. That's a winning

tip, too.

Come on, get up and at it! Write! Join the

throngs from all over the world and enter the 1970 Era of Youth Anniversary Contest.

CONTEST RULES

1. Contest is open to anyone who is a senior in

high school or under 25 years of age. 2. Winner

must be in a position to accept the college scholarship for the fall of 1970. 3. A pen name must

be used on each entry. 4. Each entry must

have a sealed envelope attached, with the author's real name, pen name, age, address, a photograph, and a statement that this is your own original work. 5. Specify which college

contest you want to compete in. (Continental

U.S. residents are not eligible for the Church

College of Hawaii scholarships but may compete for scholarships to either Brigham Young University at Provo, Utah, or Ricks College in Rexburg, Idaho.) 6. Your entry cannot be returned.

7. You may submit as many entries as you

ike, but each must have its own envelope of information (see rules 3 and 4). 8. DEADLINE:

midnight, December 31, 1969! 9. Entries must

be mailed to Era of Youth Writing Contest, 79

South State Street, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111.

Despite a bicycle accident At Oakmont High School Harold Davis received a that left her with two badly in California, Garry Thomas trophy and a $3,500 scholarsprained ankles, Irene Allred Eagles played the saxaphone ship from Chevrolet when he of the Smithfield (Utah) Third in the concert, stage, and placed fourth in the AllAmer-

Ward completed all 80 Beepep bands. His talent in can Soap Box Derby in Akron,

hive honor badges. Not being speech earned him the Lion's Ohio, Harold created quite a

able to walk without crutches, Club speech contest for two sensation with his "laydown"

Irene had to finish the deyears, and his leadership abilcar. He had to worm into a

sign on a bedsheet by working ity earned him the American long, very narrow hole in order with it on the floor! Legion's leadership award. He to get into it! Twelveyear-

serves as a stake missionary old Harold is a Boy Scout and and as Sunday School secre- a deacon from Midland, Texas.

tary, and is looking forward to attending Brigham Young University and serving on a mission.

Serving as president of the Bruce Robertson and Jon Rayola Hammer of Idaho

Idaho Association of Student Moser are among seventeen Falls, Idaho, manages to keep

Councils, governor of Gem LDS students out of the 700 her days full of worthwhile

Boy's State, a delegate to attending iVIoscow High School activities. While attending

Boy's Nation, a representative in Idaho. Bruce serves as Ricks College and earning her

to the Williamsburg Student studentbody president, is a degree in domestic science,

Burgess in Virginia, and as threeyear letterman in tennis, Rayola finds time to be a high school studentbody presileads his own band Jon is nurse's aid at the Idaho Falls dent didn't stop Neil Anderson senior class president, lieuLDS Hospital. She has also

of North Pocatelio (Idaho) tenant governor of Gem Boys'earned her YWMIA gold medalSeventh Ward from participatState, a threeyear letterman lion and has represented ing in church programs. He in basketball and football, and Bonneville High School at

also served as fireside and seminary president, and has Girls'State.

seminary president and was received his Duty to God active in church athletics. award.

The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth About:

fc\

By Bishop John H. Vandenberg

In the animal world there is no youths in the world today who are it will not have any useful purpose such thing as lasting family life. not taking advantage of the trainuntil it learns to obey. So it is with

The young are cared for, very ing that a home offers. The priyouth—until they learn to obey,

often, by the mother alone. And mary reason for this is that some they will find frustration and hopein the animal kingdom the young young people are failing to obey lessness at every turn.

are usually with their mother or the parents to whom the Lord has Paul said that the Savior, too, parents for only a brief period entrusted them. The apostle Paul, learned obedience. Paul wrote:

just enough time to learn a in speaking of the last days, "Though he were a Son, yet method of survival. pointed to this problem. He wrote: learned he obedience by the

For the human being, however, "For men shall be lovers of their things which he suffered;

there is lasting family life. And own selves, covetous, boasters, "And being made perfect, he

even though a child is more intelliproud, blasphemers, disobedient became the author of eternal salgent than an animal from the very to parents, unthankful, unholy."vation unto -all them that obey

beginning, the period of parental (2 Tim. 3:2.) him."(Heb. 5:8-9.)

tutelage extends many years. The There are many important les- A young man who disregards

reasons for this extended period sons of life that young men and the requests and counsel of his of learning are obvious: a child women learn most effectively in parents is cheating himself of a

must learn much more than just the home. One such lesson is obegreat opportunity to learn how to

the basics of survival. dience—obedience to righteous obey. The blessings that come

A young man's family can be principles. with obedience to parents are not

the greatest "university"—even A colt may be the very picture new; they are eternal. One reason in an eternal sense—that he could of beauty and youthful exuberwhy Nephi, the prophet of ancient

ever attend. Yet, there are many ance; yet, for all its fun and frolic, America, became such a great

56 Improvement Era leader and such a powerful servant favors but as paying debts. In my

of God was because he learned to travels and since my settlement I willingly obey his father. This is have received much kindness from

illustrated beautifully in these men and numberless mercies from words of Nephi's father, Lehi: God. Those kindnesses from men

"Wherefore, the Lord hath com- I can therefore only return to their manded me that thou and thy fellow men; and I can only show

brothers should go unto the house my gratitude for these mercies of Laban, and seek the records, from God by my readiness to help and bring them down hither into my brethren. For I do not think

the wilderness. that thanks and compliments,

"And now, behold thy brothers though repeated weekly, can dismurmur, saying it is a hard thing charge our real obligations to each which I have required of them; but other, and much less those to our

behold I have not required it of Creator."("Franklin's Testimony,"

them, but it is a commandment of The Tjeasury of the Christian the Lord. Faith, p. 292.)

"Therefore go, my son, and Another of the many lessons thou shall be favored of the Lord, that a home offers is the opporbecause thou hast not murmured. tunity to learn the value of true

"And it came to pass that I, labor and assuming responsibility.

Nephi, said unto my father: I will Christ labored in Joseph's carpengo and do the things which the try shop; David herded and cared

Lord hath commanded, for I know for his father's sheep; Abraham

that the Lord giveth no commandLincoln split rails; and Joseph

Housekeepingfarm. of Smith on his father's Good children worked the men, untoments

GUANIE!S? *'*rtr 08 REFUND 10';''*'jjffor opportunities shall a The prepare to assumesave way he

them that they may accomplish responsibilities in the home are the thing which he commandeth not as obvious as they once were, It's yours, when your group raises them."(1 Ne. 3:4-7.) but there are still lawns to mow, funds with the best seller—Benson's

Fruit Cake. There Old Sliced Home Another lesson of life that yards to care for, beds to make,

Quality, ingredients. a three main are

youth can learn in the home is the dishes to wash, and floors to cake so good it sells itself. Easy selllesson of gratitude. Our present sweep. The mature young person ing, Benson's exclusive free sample

society is one that caters to, and will realize that these tasks are opslices, which give your customers that irresistible taste. High profit, as much

in some cases venerates, youth. portunities to learn valuable lesas $1.10 per sale (3-pound cake).

Yet, the responsibility of youth to sons and are not just menial jobs. Bonus plan, too! Try the delicious

their parents is the same as it was The home presents many opportaste of success yourself. Return the

anciently. The Lord has said; tunities for youth to learn lessons couponand a generoustoday for samplea programfruitbrochurecake.

"Honour thy father and thy they need to learn in order to

SERVE FRUIT WILL FAMILIES OF 5 OUTmother...."(Exod. 20:12.) equip themselves for the chal- 4

IT BENSON'S FALL. AND THIS MAKE CAKE

Nothing injures the heart of a lenges of life. In most cases there BENEFIT YOUR GROUP'S GOOD CAUSE.

parent more than an ungrateful is a direct relationship between child. When unthankfulness shows how well these lessons are learned

itself in the thoughts or actions of and how successful one's future a young man or young woman, it will be. Benson's sw

indicates that maturity is still in Unlike the animal world, the oiii iiomc'Jruit Cakf the distant future. Gratitude is a youth of today have parents who 245Benson'sN. ThomasOld HomeStreetFruit Cake

mark of a real gentleman or lady. can teach them more than survival Athens,P. 0. BoxGeorgia1432 30601P3

Benjamin Franklin expressed and who can provide them with Please rush program brochure and generous his thoughts on gratitude in the some of the greatest lessons of sample fruit cake. Free! No obligation.

following words: life. But the responsibility to learn ADDRESSNAME.—

"For my own part, when I am these lessons rests heavily with CITY STATE employed in serving others, I do each young man and young ZIP CODE PHONE not look upon myself as conferring woman. o ORGANIZATION.POSITION IN ORGANIZATION N0. MEMBERS.

(We can honor only U.S. inquiries that list

organization names, since we sell only through civic, church, community and school groups.)

September 1969 57 Advertisement SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT TO READERS OF TnG ImprOVeitlGilt mWM

NonGroup Enrollment Now Open For folks who don't drink - you can receive as much as $10,000.00 extra tax free cash

Act now -your Enrollment Form must be mailed by

Midnight Saturday, October 25, 1969, or it cannot be accepted

If you say, "No thank you!"to alcoholic PAYS you up to $10,000.00 CASH for each NOTE: The regular Monthly Premium

beverages, then here is good news for you. accident or illness, starting with your very shown here (for your age at time of

That's right...if you don't drink you can first day in the hospital, at the rate of enrollment) is the same low premium you

now eniollat a very substantial reduction $100.00 a week....IN ADDITION to other will continue to pay. It will not

in premium-m the Community Extra insurance or Medicare. automatically increase when you or your

Income Health and Accident Plan which spouse reach 65.

provides $100.00-a-week tax free income PAYS you up to $7,500.00 CASH for your

for you, plus special benefits for your spouse (if insured) for each accident or family. Your benefits start the very first day illness, starting with the very first day in the

you enter the hospital. hospital, at the rate of $75.00 a week.

Regardless of your age, your occupation or PAYS you up to $5,000.00 CASH for your

the size of your family, your first month's eligible dependent children (if insured) for YOUR QUESTIONS ANSWERED coverage costs only $1. and your benefits each accident or illnessincluding the

start immediately! common childhood diseasesstarting with Q. What do I need to do to qualify?

the very first day in the hospital, at the rate A. Just complete and mail your Enrollment

Your Protection Plus Agency of Salt Lake of $50.00 a week. Form before the DeadUne Date. It's that

City has been able to make special easy!

arrangements with Community Life THE EXTRA INCOME PLAN PAYS

Insurance Company to issue their famous YOU THESE "NO AGE LIMIT"Q. What is the Extra Income Health &

Extra Income Health & Accident Plan to TAXFREE CASH BENEFITS Accident Plan?

Total Abstainers with a ten perPAYS in addition to aU other coverage you A. It's a low cost hospital income plan.cef--IO%--reduction in premiums!

have, including Medicare. Q. What is my discount?

that people drinkWe who don't know are PAYS all cash direct to you..not to the A. Your discount is ten percent (10%).better "risks"they fewer have

accidents....they go into the hospital less doctor or hospital. Q. What must I do to get my discount?

...so fulloften. should to have pay you why total abstainer A. from be a must You

is pays! and pays and There PAYS no Umit aspremium?...Or the pay person as much enroll beverages, alcoholic must and you

to the times of number use your you may has accident an automobile he becausewho period. the nongroup during emoUment

plan. whilewas driving drunk?...Well thanks now,

to Protection Plus and Community Life, Q. WTiy do I need this extra protection if I

you don't have to! If you don't drink, and REMEMBER....NO age limit....NO medical already have insurance?

you enroll during this special nongroup examination required....NO salesman wiU A. In the face of soaring hospital costs,

enrollment period, you will save 10% on call....NO "investigations."your present insurance is probably

your premiums. Not just for a week, or a inadquate. In addition you will still need

month, or a year, but for the full lifetime of cash at your fingertips for those hidden your policy! This alone means extra dollars MONTHLY PREMIUMS AFTER "extras"that always appear when injury or

in your pocket over what you would have to FIRST MONTH'S PREMIUM sickness strikes.

pay elsewhere. PLUS....

A. UNDER AGE 65 Q. When do my hospital benefits begin?

You and your entire family get your first FULL FAMILY PLAN A. On the very first day you go to the

month for only $1. (Husband, Wife & Child or Children) 8.95 hospital.

ONE PARENT PLAN Q. How much will it pay me when I am

To encourage you to enroll during the open (One Parent and Child or Children 7.15 hospitalized?

enroUmertt period, to encourage you to put A. $100.00 a week up to as many as 100

this needed protection in force, and to HUSBANDWIFE PLAN 7.15 weeks for any one injury or sickness. Plus,

enable you to review your own policy, in for your spouse, $75.00 weekly up to as

your own home with your own trusted INDIVIDUAL PLAN 4.05 many as 100 weeks for any one injury or

advisoryour accountant, your lawyer, your sickness.

pastor or even your insurance man, who has B. AGE 65 or OVER

your best interests at heart even though he Q. Will this Plan pay in addition to my

represents another insurance companywe If Principal Insured is 65 or over on other insurance?

give you your first month's protection for effective date, add $2.70 to above A. Absolutely! We payin TAXFREE

only $1, with a full, unconditional, applicable premium. If both husband and CASHwhether you are insured in a group,

moneyback guarantee! But you must act wife are 65 or over, add $4.90 to above individually, or even under Medicare,

now, because this unusual opportunity is for applicable rate. Actually, our Plan goes handin-hand vwth

a hmited timeonly during the special Medicare. We'll pay even if you are covered

nongroup enrollment period. by Workmen's Compensation!

58 Improvement Era Now... for people of all ages and families of all sizes

$100.00-A-Week when you are hospitalized choose the

$ 75.00-A-Week when your spouse is hospitahzed plan below that

$ 50.00-A-Week when your children are hospitalized suits you best

Only $1 enrolls your entire family for the first month

Q. Can I enroll even if I am 65 or over? commissions or charge special membership Q. Is anything excluded from coverage?

A. Certainly. Everyone is welcomeat any fees. All these savings come back to you in A. Just these few reasonable exceptions:

age, providing you have not been refused the form of low, low rates! War, mental disorders, pregnancy.

any hospital, health or life insurance.

Q. Can I cancel my policy? Q. What about an illness 1 may have had

Q. What benefits do my eligible, dependent A. Of course you can! before my emollment and which may come

children get? back?

A. If you choose a Family Plan, your Q. Will you cancel my policy if I have too A. After your policy has been in force for

dependent, eligible children, ages 3 months many claims? just 24 months you will be fully covered for

to 19 years, would receive 50% of all the cash A. No. We guarantee never to cancel your such illness. This is another quality feature

benefits of the basic Plan and 100% of all its policy because of too many claims, or of this unique Plan.

other benefits and features. iDecause of advanced age. We also guarantee

that we will never refuse to renew your Q. Who's covered by this special $1.00

policy unless the premium has not been paid rate?

Q, May I add future dependent children to before the end of the grace period or unless A. You and all eligible family members.

my policy after it is in force? renewal has been declined on all poUcies of

A. Yes, indeed, if you have the Family this type in your entire state. Q. Is it really important that I join now?

Plan. Just notify us and they wUl be added A. Yes, it's very important because accident

without evidence of insurability and Q. Will my rates be raised because 1 grow or sickness strikes without warningand you

without any additional charge. older? will not be covered until your Policy is in

A, Never. Regardless of how long you keep force. Remember, you absolutely must

Q. How can you offer so many benefits for your poUcy or how -old you grow, your rate enroll by the deadline datebut it's better to

so little premium? wiU still be based on your age when you enroll right away, for the sooner you apply

A. When we enroll a large number of people were first issued your policy. We guarantee the sooner we will cover you. You have

at the same time, our processing and never to adjust this rate unless we adjust nothing to lose if you change your mind.

administrative costs are much less. We deal rates on all policies of this type in your Return your poUcy within 15 days for a

directly with you. We don't pay salesmen's entire state. prompt refund of your money.

TO QUALIFY DURING THIS NONGROUP ENROLLMENT PERIOD,

YOU MUST MAIL YOUR COMPLETED APPLICATION BEFORE MIDNIGHT SATURDAY, OCT. 25, 1969

SEND IT TO: PROTECTrON PLUS AGENCY, 150 East Seventh South Street, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

BE SURE TO ENCLOSE $1 WITH YOUR ENROLLMENT FORM

APPLICATION TO COMMUNITY LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, PORTLAND, ME.

For The Extra Income Health & Accident PlanCH 36-A

NAME (Please Print)

ADDRESS.

CITY STATE ZIP

OCCUPATION..DATE OF BIRTH AGE.

1 also hereby apply for coverage for the members of my family listed below(DO NOT INCLUDE NAME THAT APPEARS ABOVE)

NAME (Please Print) RELATIONSHIP SEX DATE OF BIRTH AGE

Neither I nor any person listed above uses alcoholic beverages; nor has been refused any health, hospital, or life insurance. I hereby apply

for the Extra Income Health & Accident Plan. I understand that I, and any person listed above, will be covered under this Policy for any

injury or sickness I (we) had before the Effective Date of the Policy after it has been if force f-or a continuous period of 2 years, but not before; and that this Policy shall not be in force until the Effective Date shown in the Policy Schedule. I am enclosing $1.00 for the first

month's coverage. If, for any reason, I am not completely satisfied with this new protection--l may return my Policy within fifteen (15)

days for cancelling and my payment will be promptly refunded.

DATE X.

SIGNATURE

Be sure to Enclose $1 with your Enrollment Form

September 1969 59 i r t V. >

Today's Family By MabelEditorialJonesAssociateGabbott

What Should Schools Teach Our "Reading and writing and 'rithmetic, Taught to the tune of a hickory stick...."

The words of this old song seem to sum up education in the schools a generation ago. Was it enough

for that generation? Would it be

enough for today's child? How far Mary L. Bankhead is mother of I Gracia S. Cook, of Bountiful, I

would the three "r's"take A child seven children and wife of Reid ] Utah, teaches kindergarten and into tomorrow? What do parents Bankhead, recently released presi- 'first grade; she has been involved

want the schools to teach their dent of the Cumorah Mission at | in the Head Start program in educhildren? Rochester, New York. I cation and has specialized in

We posed this last question to I remedial reading. She is the mother

seven mothers: I of five children.

-I Mary L. Bradford, of Arlington, Juanita Morrell, of Mt, Vernon, II Blanche P. Wilson, of Ogden,

Virginia, is the mother of three, Washington, mother of four young I Utah, the mother of six children, has conducted a BYU Leadership ] children, has taught school in teaches at the Utah School for the

Week workshop in children's litera- | Germany and in New York City. Blind in Ogden. She is a gifted

ture and the creative process, and I Her husband teaches social science, artist and musician, works as a teaching consultant to 'in their community college. i

the U.S. Government Accounting, i

I Office in Washington, D.C. I '

60 Improvement Era We share with yoxi their concerned thinking.

"Much of the educational philosophy in our school system is responsible for the precarious situation our children find themselves confronted with,"notes Mary

Bankhead. Herein lies the challenge: arc we willing as parents

and students to reexamine the basic principles that underlie what is being taught to our children?"

"Reexamining"their expectations from the schools, most of the mothers agreed that they do "reach every area of the child's life."As

Juanita Morrell says, the school should "teach the whole child, concern itself with the child's personality and character development, and provide opportunities for the child to learn good leadership and followership."

One of the school's roles, says

Emelyn R. Castleton, is "the motivation and inspiration of a youth so

he may develop selfconfidence and a selfimage that will enableChildren? him to have positive social interactions."

Gracia Cook believes these into the incorporated can bevoice their values chilliving thinking and of young system drendren whofrom arethe taughtfirst grade.to be kind,Chilbrave, and honest learn to obey

school rules, to tell the truth, to

I Emelyn R. Castleton, of Los i finish an assigned task, to help

Angeles, California, is the mother 'without being asked first, to play of four children; her husband is a i fairly.

hospital administrator. 'Elaine Castleton writes that the NEW PLEATED

school should reinforce the disciYOKE SHEATH pline that begins at home: "I $20.00

appreciate teachers and administrators who help my children Our exclusive, elegant, mattefinish h 1 understand that there are certain tricot design—accented with sheer,

Elaine J. Castleton, of Malad rules and laws that must be permanent pleats at yoke and sleeves.

City, Idaho, has five children and obeyed, that there are people who Exquisite with pleated accessories.

is the clerk of the Malad school have the right to tell them what White, 100% Nylon Tricot. Dripdry.

board and a member of the Oneida they can do, and that the student P, S, M, L. #SSD-D.

County Hospital Board. Her hushas an obligation to preserve the Matching Slip. 30 to 38. #6245. $10.00

band heads the Malad High School properties and rights of others."

A music department. One major concern expressed by PostpaidMail Checkin orU.S.A.M.O.

the mothers was in the training Phone: 4873621 |.H

2511 S.W. Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84115

September 1969 61 of the child for his responsibilities play of tapestries prepared by the in the world. Mrs. Morrell says, fourth grade. A member of the

"Not the least of the school's class approached. 'Very good art

responsibilities is to teach a skill or work,'I said. 'Yes,'she answered,

profession by which the individual 'and the teacher did threefourths can make a substantial living and of it.'

with which he can make a worth- "Much of the socalled creative while contribution to society."This work done in the schools,"con-

"specialized instruction,"adds tinues Mary, "is not the work of the

Emelyn Castleton, should have children themselves. Not only that,

VISITING of"enoughthe adaptabiHtychanges in tosocietykeep aheadand forbut itacademicis often usedsuccess.only Althoughas a rewardI

SALT LAKE? technology."Blanche Wilson believes that applaudthink theacademicschools requirements,could achieveI

one of the school's responsibilities a better balance by realizing that

STAY AT is "to make a good citizen out of academics represent only one kind

REDECORATED my child. A child cannot be a good of ability.

AIR CONDITIONED citizen if he does not know how "Art, music, literature, and other to read and write or to 'figure.'forms not only develop other abiliNor is he a good citizen if he does ties, but also provide an index to

not understtind about people outthe state of the child's mind. It NEWHOUSE side his own home. Even a handiis now known that the onceCenter of City capped student should not be celebrated IQ tests leave at least

Overnight and Residential excused from the responsibility to 70 aspects of that mind completely

Free Parking learn these things."untouched. Teachers trained in the

Family Rooms Elaine Castleton points out the best use of the arts can teach their

Daily from $8.00 emphasis the schools have placed students and reach them too. And

in recent years on the education of if these students are allowed free

RESIDENTIAL PLAN* the more intellectual student, and expression through various media, $190.—Private Room, the increase in scholarships availthey may one day contribute some

Both and ALL Meals able for the student with a high of the creative energies so badly and Service gradepoint average. She says: needed in this world, so badly

"Many students who would do needed in worlds to come."

Mail for Details!

very well in schools under ordinary Emelyn Castleton comments:

learning situations become frus- "We have been fortunate in our

NEWHOUSE trated and do poorly in the face of locality to have some of the latest 4th South and Main Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 such pressure and competition. educational concepts and audioName There is a need for a variety of visual aids used in our schools. My

skills and for various types of children have been exposed to knowledge in our society. I would various types of cultures that have

Address hope that the schools could help broadened their views and taught each student fulfill his own potenthem to be more understanding

Print Name and Address tial, with the personal assurance to and tolerant."

the student that this was a meanReinforcing moral values, learnskills, ing accomplishment, that society developing creative and REBUILT ingfvilCOMFORTERS energies are did need him and appreciated programs what and patternsDown, wool or

Feather mattress.

Beautif u I Satins he could do, and that his services these mothers will expect from our nonslipand fabwere valuable a"d necessary."schools. Is there more? tickrics. Imported

ing. Also, we do These mothers were also conOne of our Church leaders tellspillows and feather

pads.bed cerned with developing the creative the story of an employer in a

Send Coupon for Information. energy of the child. southern town who hired or re-

r I Russell Quill & Pillow Co. Mary Bradford observes: "One jected applicants for a job on the

Blvd., 4032 Tweedy South Gate, Cal. 90280 day, as I entered our elementary basis of their answers to one ques-

I Check box for furfher information:

Down or Wool comforters recovered school, I stopped to admire a distion: "Do you think?"

Fashioned Old quilted Patch quilts—tops r] and bound

Please enclose name, address and zip

62 Improvement Era The child leaves the home enmen and women who will create hoped that we can also expect vironment and goes to the school and make of their environment compassion for the student, interest to be educated. To be educated is what it should be."in his particular capabilities, ento think, to reason, to evaluate As we can expect moral discicouragement for his conceptual

knowledge accumulated, to learn pline, creative encouragement, skill reasoning—that the teachers be in

to make decisions, and to act. training, and reasoning power from fact not only teachers of informaMrs. Morrell says the school the teachers in our schools, it is tion, but also teachers of people. O

should teach the child "to analyze problems and solve them and to listen to opinions, get all the facts, and form his own opinion."

Mrs. Wilson states; "I have encountered children and young

3f adults who can do their lessons each day and recite what the Richard L. Evans

teacher wants to hear, but who are unable to carry on a conversation The Spoken Word with either a friend or a teacher about some subject outside of records or TV."The school has -a you... grown older

responsibility, she feels, to help the learn desire tochild have "the is is this observation source: from an 'There an unnamed more There areas, to exploreand more, many ought to of you there ahead know. that you up He old man

to study, to speak his thoughts looks somewhat like you, talks like you, walks like you. He has

clearly, to recognize that his probyour nose, your eyes, your chin: and whether he loves you or hates

lems are similar to other people's you, respects you or despises you, whether he is angry or comfortable, problems, and that he is not alone whether he is miserable or happy, depends on you. For you made him.

in his search for answers."She adds He is you, grown older."This has both caution and promise, dependthat it is fortunate that there are ing upon which direction we choose to take. "We live forward, we

teachers who are able to help understand backwards,"said William James. And yet we are not

young people to think and conaltogether at a loss to know, along broad lines, where any road will sider, and "to follow a rewarding lead. There are many who have traveled almost every road that we

path of life, and occasionally to might choose to take; there are many who have done most things

rescue one who has no path at all."that we might choose to do, and we can look to the principles that

Mrs. Morrell also points out that have been proved and the results that have been realized in the lives

the school should be concerned that others have lived. Every young person, for example, can know

about social problems affecting that patience, preparation, learning, working are essential for a fullness students. Many schools, she says, of life. Any observer, of the present or the past, may know that cleanare teaching about the use of liness of body, of mind and morals is kindly and peacefully comfortatobacco, alcohol, and drugs. She ble; that uncleanness is coarsening and corrosive; that standards are

feels that "an understanding of essential; that personal responsibility is real; that law sustains life;

these problems has helped many that there are consequences for every act; that "wickedness never was

young people see the end from the happiness"; that the commandments are founded on eternal facts.

beginning and avoid disaster."If we live one way, we get one result—if we live another way, we get

However, it is not enough, warns another result. We ought to be smart enough, realistic enough, obMary Bankhead, to "leave our chilservant and alert enough to know this, forward as well as backward.

dren with the understanding that "There is an old man up there ahead of you that you ought to know reason is the only criterion of truth..... whether he is miserable or happy, depends on you. For you

As parents and teachers of youth, made him. He is you, grown older."

we must search again the message of our Savior, Jesus Christ, and heed HlbbertiRotary ClubLecturesBulletinat Oxford.of Graham, Texas; author unknown.

the words of the prophets. This 3AI ma 41:10.

study will give us the way of life "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, to make our children the kind of presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System June 29, 1969. Copyright 1969.

September 1969 63 Pero The Lure of HomeBaked Cookies—whether To return inhomeCalifornia,from anyOregon,school

Idaho, Utah, the or New York—to "AND SHOULD of freshly baked cookies THE NEW smell DIE"WE

Story of of NONCAFFEINE makes school a better memory the persecutions a place. and bestbeloved home in the Americans Mexico by DRINK HOT

delicious nourishing to and start the A way day Villa. Pancho share Our mothers the following for like the whole family. children Adults and

faith of the great Because the of flavor delicious the grains. wholesome cookie recipes with you:

fix to just boiling Simple add in the water of and church obemembers—

serve! it too! Economical, for faat Look your dience to the principles of vorite market.

fasting and prayer, lives are Peanut Butter Crispies spared. A very powerful and Distributed by

dramatic film. World Foods 1 cup light corn syrup

1 cup sugar Division of Holly World Foods, Inc. 1 cup peanut butter

INSPIRATIONAL Salt2520Lake SouthCity, 7thUtahWest84119 61 cups6ouncecrisppackagerice cerealsemisw/eet chocolate chips Juillard Fancy Foods LDS FILMS Division of Holly Foods, Inc. World

boil. Bring corn syrup to sugar and for Write Free Catalog Street 310 Townsend

in Fold rice cereal. butter peanut and Francisco, California 94107 Educational Services San Media into Pour pan. 9xl3inch Sprinkle the

Inquiries Dealers We/come Building Herald R. Clark package of top. chocolate Put chips on

Box 10 in 250 F. oven only until chocolate

chips melted; the top. over have spread Brighann University Young

in is Cut squares chocolate the when Provo, Utah 84601 set.

Macaroons Thelnternational 1 cup shortening 1 cup brown sugar House oS Pancakes 1 cup white sugar 1 well egg, beaten emples and the Restaurants vanilla 1 teaspoon 141 East 3rd South Salt Lake City, Utah 3/4 cup coconut atterdaySaints 3283538 2 cups quickcooking oatmeal cups flour Available m a special Erasize booklet. V2 teaspoon baking soda

IDEAL FOR HOME, CLASSROOM, V2 teaspoon baking powder

AND MISSIONARY USE. V21 teaspoon6ounce packagesalt semisweet choc50c a copy 40c a copy for 25 or more. olate chips

Manage Aid Systems Cream shortening; add brown and white

Great time saver for Bishops sugars, egg, vanilla, and oatmeal. Sift

llfitcAbur flour, soda, baking powder, and salt,

Order from Wagon To A 4308SLC, UtahShirley84117Ln. chocolateand add chips.to otherForm ingredients.into balls a littleAdd

STAR, Tel. 2773995 larger than a walnut; place on cookie

sheet and press down with a fork. Bake

Home Teaching Youth Talks Pro- 8 to 10 minutes in a 375 F. oven.

Sys. gramming Sys.

Ward & Stake Functional ProHello, Dolly! Cookies

OfficerTeacher gramming Sys.

Street State South 79 Staffing Sys. (Schools, butter pound indusV4

try, church) Salt City, Lake RS Visiting Utah 84111 finely 1 cup rolled graham crackers

Teachers Sys. 1 cup chocolate chips

Write or call for details 1 cup soft coconut 1 cup nuts 1 cup sweetened condensed milk

HEARING AIDS grahamMelt buttercrackersin a 9xl3inchover the pan.butter.SprinkleMash

DEALER down with spoon. Sprinkle over this the

chips, chocolate nuts, coconut, and PRICES top. the milk evenly over and the pour

of tiny, LARGEST SELECTION at 350375 F. for Bake minutes. 30 ear, allin-theear, the behind

32this See how amazing eyeglass bool( holds page to the key FREE HOMEand TRIAL.pocket Nomodels.obliMakes about 30 cookies.

your greatest success as a parent. gation. Money back guaranPoints to the of harmful causes habits remove way Easy in children o( tee. payment. down No

all If ages. you want prompt, cheerful obedience helping while or dealsalesmen terms. No

your child advance in every way—send for Free Booklet now. ers, Order direct and save 65%, Write for free catalog.

Parenti AiioelitiM, Dspt 1979,Plaiiant Hill, Ohio. 453S9. PRESTIGE, Dept. D-57, Box 10947, Houston, Tex. 77018.

64 Improvement Era Years ago you

Butterscotch Bars had to pay more y cup butter 2 cups brown sugar 2 eggs 1 teaspoon vanilla 2 cups sifted flour for electric heat 2 teaspoons baking powder l teaspoon salt 1 cup shredded coconut 1 cup chopped walnuts

butter and combineIn saucepan It. brown it was worth until bubbly,sugar; low heat cook over

stirring constantly. Cool. Add eggs to

cooled mixture, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add vanilla.

Sift together dry ingredients; add with

coconut and nuts. Spread in greased

pan. Bake at 350 F. about 25 minutes.

Cut in bars while warm, and remove from pan when almost cool. Makes 3

dozen.

Fork Cookies

11/2 cups sugar 1 cup butter 2 eggs 2 tablespoons milk cups flour 4 teaspoons cream of tartar Time was when only a few were willing to pay vanilla teaspoons for the luxury of flameless electric heat. (ground) cup raisins

it can have itCream sugar, butter, and eggs. Add Now most everyone who wants

milk, flour, cream of tartar, and vanilla. at no extra cost.

Mix together. Add raisins. Form into

balls at 375 pat with a fork. Bake and subBeginning this year, the electric rate for heating inF. for minutes. (You 12 10 or may

stitute orange juice for milk, or wheat total electric homes was reduced 20%.

germ for 1 cup flour.)

Yours is probably one of the 4 out of 5 existing

Marble Brownies homes which now can be converted to electric shortening 1 cup (or V2 cup butter heat... with reasonable operating cost. iy4 cup margarine) and

2 cups sugar 4 eggs Electric heat costs in most homes are now about 2 cups flour salt the same as gas. 1/2 teaspoon

1 teaspoon baking powder.>1 cup nuts

vanilla teaspoons114 squares melted 2 chocolate Utah Power & Light Co.

Cream shortening. Add sugar gradually.

Add eggs one at a time and beat after each addition. Add sifted flour, salt,

vapowder. baking nuts andand Add USE FOR OVER 75 YEARS Q INnilla. parts. into Divide batter two Add OMEGA of Aids in treatment simple sore half. tomelted chocolate Spread one

in batter of pan;chocolate bottom then throat and other minor mouth and '

batter. for Bake minutesadd white 40in 300 F. oven. Frost with fudge erc/x/vA\AiiA throat irritations.

frosting. JEWELRY COMPANY

for a lifetime of proud possession

Fudge Frosting Salt Lake City,42 UtahWest 841012rd South 3221039 (801) HALL'S REMEDY

INTEDMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER Salt Lake City, Utah lYz cups sugar Yz cup cream i/i water cup 1 light corn syrup "LET US TURN YOUR HEADQUARTERS tablespoon

Ys teaspoon salt TIME INTO PROFIT"for 2 squares melted chocolate SACRED RECORDINGS 2 tablespoons butter—Salt Lake1470 City,SouthUtahState 84115

GOtlfGf M. Ph. 4871096

East 23rd South 3474 Phone City, Salt Utah Lake 84109 COVENANT RECORDINGS 2784656

September 1969 65

1 teaspoon vanilla 1 teaspoon vanilla iy2 cups wheat flakes, slightly crushed 2 cups allpurpose flour Candied cherries

Cook first five ingredients to softball 2 teaspoons baking powder stage. Cool to lukewarm. Add melted 14 teaspoon salt Thoroughly cream together first four

chocolate, butter, and vanilla. Beat by ingredients. Add egg and milk. Beat

hand until proper spreading consisCream shortening until light and fluffy. thoroughly. Sift dry ingredients togethtency. Gradually beat in sugar. Add egg, carer. Add to creamed mixture, mixing

rots, and vanilla, beating well after each well. Stir in raisins and nuts. Drop by

Applesauce Cookies addition.and combineSift withtogethercarrotdrymixture;ingredientsmix Tossteaspoonslightlyontoto coat.crushedPlacewheaton greasedflakes.

well. Drop batter by tablespoons onto cookie sheet about two inches apart.

yi cup shortening greased cookie sheets. Bake in moderTop each with a candied cherry half.

1 cup sugar ate oven (350 F.) for about 20 minBake in 400 F. oven about 12 minutes.

1 egg utes. Remove from pan to cool. Frost Makes three dozen cookies.

2 cups flour with orange frosting while still warm.

teaspoon cloves y2 Makes about 4 dozen. Banana Nugget Cookies

salt teaspoon V teaspoon cinnamon juice Frosting: 14 V of Orange Combine shortening 34 cup teaspoon nutmeg 1 rind orange, grated y orange, of one

1 sugar cup 1 teaspoon soda butter, 1 tablespoon and about cup 1 egg 1 cup applesauce confectioners'sugar.

sifted flour cups lyz 1 cup nuts 1 cup raisins Cherry Chews V21 teaspoonteaspoon bakingsalt soda

Cream shortening and sugar. Add egg, y teaspoon nutmeg

flour, and spices. Mix soda with apple- 3 cup shortening 3/i teaspoon cinnamon

sauce. Add to mixture. Add nuts and y cup sugar 1 cup ripe bananas, mashed

raisins. Bake at 350 F. about 12 to 14 1 teaspoon lemon peel 134 cups quickcooking rolled oats

minutes or until light brown. 1 teaspoon vanilla 1 6-ounce package chocolate chips

1 egg 2 tablespoons milk Cream shortening. Add sugar and egg.

CarrotOrange Cookies 1 cup flour Sift together dry ingredients; add alterVz teaspoon baking powder nately to creamed mixture with mashed

1 cup shortening Va teaspoon soda bananas. Stir in rolled oats and choco-

3/ cup sugar Va teaspoon salt late chips. Drop by spoonfuls on lightly

1 egg, unbeaten 2 cup seedless raisins greased cookie sheet. Bake at 400 F.

1 cup mashed cooked carrots V2 cup chopped walnuts about 15 minutes. O

THE LEADING L.D.S. FUNERAL DIRECTORS OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA

Melvin P. Randall Every L.D.S. service personally arLaren W. Smith

Manager, L.D.S. Department ranged, supervised and directed by Associate

2941025 these leading L.D.S. Funeral Directors. 2493511

A staff of 12 competent L.D.S.

men and women to assist you.

Regardless of where you own cemetery property, call Pierce Brothers for "THE PERFECT TRIBUTE"Los Angeles, Phone 213749-4151

More Latterday Saint families call.

R. Reid Wallace Lowell J. Campbell

Associate 8383956 PIERCE21 CONVENIENT NEIGHBORHOODBROTHERSMORTUARIES 2541212 Associate

Time to publish IS YOUR ENGLISH RAISE 40,

YOU BACK? ''200,''400 your book? HOLDINGI have helped thousands and of men women for to the overcome of handicap your Church or Group with English poor

to effective become writers, speakers, religious, 6-in-1 KitchenHousehold academic Shears We publish conversationalists. and andand C.I. With new my favorite fundraiser, America's Anna books professional to exacting can stop you Method mistakes, making will raise help your group Wade,

build your up vocabulary, speed up your with this 6-in-l neededmoney homefour months! standards—withingeneral reading, skill, develop writing learn helper. the maker's Staysharp blades

of "secrets"conversation. poultry, vegetables, only Takes 15 cut light wire Expert promotion for sales, adoptions.

serve minutes a lid day Handles as screw driver, in your own Costs home.

little! pryer, I bottle opener. manuscripts Free: Send subjects or Send coupon on any write today (Be

sure to include your zip code.) YOU DON'T SPEND U. for editorial, marketing cost apand

100 ships Wade AnnaON FREE Don Bolander, BOOKLETS 2 Institute Career praisals. Write for helpful booklets. 10 Shearsmembers CREDIT. Dept. 16934, Mundeiein, Illinois t 60060 for each sell $ 1 each 1 Haveshears

Address Press, Exposition for Please $40 $60, keep Dept. 705J,

post treasury. mail me your 2 FREE booklets on English. Returnyour card Mail Name 50 Jericho Turnpike, Jericho, N.Y. details for free fundraising

Shears. on KitchenHousehold Add 11753. Anna Dept. 364HP, Wade,

City ress - State -Zip Lynchburg, Va. 24505.

66 Improvement Era THE NEXT TIME YOU GET MAD ATATELEVISION NEWS REPORT KEEP THIS IN MIND.

"Congress shall make no law abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press."

—FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE CONSTITUTION

"The freedom of the press is one of the bulwarks of liberty, and can never be restrained but by despotic governments."—Virginia bill of rights

"The freedom of speech may be taken away, and dumb and silent we may be led like sheep to the slaughter."-george Washington

"The theory of a free press is that truth will emerge from free reporting, not that it will be presented perfectly and instantly in any one account."

WALTER LIPPMANN "Absolute freedom of the press to discuss public questions is the foundation stone of American living."

—HERBERT HOOVER

"If a nation expects to be ignorant and free, it expects what never was and never will be."-thomas jefferson

Channelrksltv SALT LAKE CiTY. UTAH

September 1969 67 was Asleep atMy said Orson h Whitney, or any woman, who, having appointed to do one does another"

Elder Orson F. Whitney (18551931), passed over to the other side,'where happened, until I was perfectly familiar

one of the poethistorian princes of the he also knelt and prayed. It was the with his appearance—face, form and

Latterday Saints, became an apostle same prayer with which we are all movements. He was of noble stature

April 9, 1906, at the same time as familiar: '0 my Father, if it be possible, and of majestic mien—not at all the

George F. Richards and David 0. IVIcKay. let this cup pass from me; nevertheweak, effeminate being that some

Elder Whitney, always a popular and less not as I will, but as thou wilt.'painters have portrayed—a very God

muchsought-for speaker, spoke at the (Matt. 26:3644; Mark 14:3241; Luke among men, yet as meek and lowly as

MIA June Conference in 1925, recall22:42.) a little child.

ing how, as a young man of 21, he "As he prayed the tears streamed "All at once the circumstances had served a mission in Pennsylvania down his face, which was toward me, seemed to change, the scene remainand had found some success in ex- I was so moved at the sight that I ing just the same. Instead of before,

pressing his thoughts in newspaper wept also, out of pure sympathy with it was after the crucifixion, and the articles and poems. his great sorrow. My whole heart went Savior, with those three Apostles, now

His companion chided: "You ought out to him, I loved him with all my stood together in a group at my left.

to be studying the books of the Church; soul, and longed to be with him as I They were about to depart and ascend

you were sent out to preafch the gospel, longed for nothing else. into Heaven. I could endure it no

not to write for the newspapers.""Presently he arose and walked to longer. I ran out from behind the tree,

Young Whitney knew his missionarywhere the Apostles were kneeling—fast fell at his feet, clasped him around

brother was right, but he still kept on, asleep! He shook them gently, awoke the knees, and begged him to take me

fascinated by the discovery that he them, and in a tone of tender reproach, with him.

could wield a pen. In his words, as untinctured by the least suggestion of "I shall never forget the kind and

he spoke at a Sabbath evening MIA anger or scolding asked them if they gentle manner in which He stooped session June 7, 1925: could not watch with him one hour. and raised me up and embraced me.

"One night I dreamed—if dream it There he was, with the weight of the It was so vivid, so real, that I felt the

I was in the Garworld's sin upon his shoulders, with very warmth of his bosom againstmay be called—that

den of Gethsemane, a witness of the the pangs of every man, woman and which I rested. Then He said: 'No, my

Savior's agony. I saw Him as plainly child shooting through his sensitive son; these have finished their work,

as I see this congregation. I stood soul—and they could not watch with and they may go with me, but you must

behind a tree in the foreground, where him one poor hour! stay and finish yours.'Still I clung to

I could see without being seen. Jesus, "Returning to his place, he prayed him. Gazing up into his face—for he

with Peter, James and John, came again, and then went back and found was taller than I—I besought him most

through a little wicket gate at my right. them again sleeping. Again he awoke earnestly: 'Well, promise me that I will

Leaving the three Apostles there, after them, admonished them, and returned come to you at the last.'He smiled

telling them to kneel and pray, he and prayed as before. Three times this sweetly and tenderly and replied: 'That

68 Improvement Era Post,"'as any man is,

Richard L. Evans been divine

The Spoken Word thing, Without law ThisUnitedmessageStateswasby oncea groupsent ofto concerneda President youngof the people: "We stand for preservation of our

heritage through obedience to law."Without law,

respect for it, living by it, upholding it, we would have no heritage. Law sustains life. Law keeps the

universe in its course. Law assures that orderly processes will lead to known results. Without law there

will depend entirely upon yourself.'i would be no safety, no standards, no assurance, no

awoke with a sob in my throat, and it guidelines in life. Without law men, nature, life,

was morning."would be in complete chaos. Then why, O why,

"That's from God,"Elder Musser should there be looseness pertaining to law, failure said, when he heard the story. to uphold it? Frank Crane once gave some terse

"I don't need to be told that,"Elder sentences on this subject: "Every generation a new

Whitney replied, and then he told the crop of fools comes on,"he said. "They think they

vast MIA congregation: can beat the orderly universe. They conceive them-

"I saw the moral clearly. I had never selves to be more clever than the eternal laws.

thought that I would be an Apostle, or They snatch goods from Nature's store, and run....

hold any other office in the Church; And one by one they all come back to Nature's

and it did not occur to me even then. counter, and pay—pay in tears, in agony, in despair;

Yet I knew that those sleeping apostles pay as fools before them have paid.... Nature keeps

meant me. I was asleep at my post books pitilessly. Your credit with her is good, but

as any man is, or any woman, who, she collects; there is no land you can flee to and

having been divinely appointed to do escape her bailiffs.... She never forgets; she sees,

one thing, does another. to it that you pay her every cent you owe, with

"But from that hour all was changed interest."Thank God for law, for those who respect

it, live by it, help to sustain it: for the laws of—I was a different man. I did not give

up writing, for President Brigham health; for the renewal of the air and water of the

Young, having noticed some of my earth—for seeds that produce what was planted,

contributions in the home papers, for the succession of the seasons, for everything wrote advising me to cultivate what he that leads to a known result, and sustains life, and makes peace and orderly purpose possible. Everycalled my 'gift for writing'so that I

thing we have, everything we may ever expect to might use it in future years 'for the have, everything we can count on would be lacking establishment of truth and righteouswithout law. Everything that we can count on comes

ness upon the earth.'This was his last with living and working with law. "We stand for

word of counsel to me. He died the the preservation of our heritage through obedience

same year, while I was still in the misto law."

sion field,... laboring then in the

State of Ohio. I continued to write, iMMen-Gleaners,Dr. Frank Crane, Four1929.Minute Essays; Pay, Pay, Pay!

but it was for the Church and Kingdom * "The Spoken Word"from Temple of God. I held that first and foremost; Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting

all else was secondary."O System July 6, 1969. Copyright 1%9.

September 1969 69.V.

ting win redf?ingyo'';,,ecarpetg,e

Atnericasn ne MOW o

resistance,

The need for association and involvement with others is essential for man if he is to develop into an adequate, worthwhile individual,

Brotherhood is a prerequisite for godhood.

When a baby comes into the world, he is on the receiving end BigelowRUGS &—CARPETS SINCE I B25

and thinks primarily of self. He is

uniquely different from all other persons, yet he shares the same desires and needs. As the child

develops, however, he transfers much of his "me"tendencies to a group pattern. He becomes a part

of a working group, sharing its common goals and interests, giving to others (ofttimes unknowingly), and receiving satisfaction and growth as a byproduct of his actions.

From time immemorial man has recognized that to have a strong brotherhood, there must be a sharing and working together in love fellowship. He must give loyHere's and

alty, love, appreciation, and understanding before he can keep these virtues as his own. When he

achieves this maturity, he has advanced from babyhood and is now giving as well as receiving.

director Dr. Johnson, P. Wendel S/to Cry at Institute of the of Religion Dn

It belongs to is (Her first Dear Abby Van Buren. Utah, counselor Ogden, second

name really is Abigail). She's your "friend in the Weber State College Stake

in need."My, what interesting reading pokand has also had extensive exing into the lives of these troubled souls. Daily perience as a psychotherapist.

in your DESEBET NEWS 70 Improvement Era By Dr. P. Wendel Johnson

W6 often discuss the fatherhood same intellectual goals. It is comimmediately, neither can all the

of God and the brotherhood of munication from brother to brother. philosophy of the age teach it to

man, but equally as often we do. The zenith of brotherhood is you: you have to come here to get

not get beyond words. Brotherhood reached when the gospel is lived a practical experience and to learn

comes only with a price—a price and shared. yourselves. You will then begin to

paid in unselfishness, responsibility, But where does the "I"fit in? learn more perfectly the things of

love, forgiveness, and communicaThe "I"must blend itself into "we"God. No being can thoroughly learn

tion with self and others. if a brotherhood is to become a himself, without understanding

Teachers especially should accept fountain of growth and undermore or less of the things of God:

the challenge to lift brotherhood standing. Just how important is neither can any being learn and

from a verbal content to a feeling, this? Can we identify some of the understand the things of God,

sharing experience. This task conessential elements that help to without learning himself.... This

sists of being sensitive to the unmake a meaningful and growing is a lesson to us."(Journal of Disseen needs, the yearnings, desires, brotherhood with our fellow cocourses, Vol. 8, pp. 33435.)

and hopes of others. workers? President Brigham Young, This prophetic truism of PresiBrotherhood does not necessarily speaking in the old tabernacle in dent Young's—that the major secret

unfold because and when "good 1861, made the following prophetic of successful brotherhood is learnfellows"get together. Anyone can utterance pertaining to the "I"in ing, accepting, and improving self

be a good fellow and yet fail to brotherhood:—is reaffirmed by modern psycholobecome an integral part of a united "The brethren come here from gists and sociologists. A physician

brotherhood. Unfortunately one the States and from the old counencourages his patients to subscribe

may feel that his position or title tries... expecting to learn the to a physical checkup each year.

precludes his need to share in a great mysteries—the secret things Should we not also include a checkmeaningful relationship. Another, of God. What do you learn, brothup of our own emotional life by

because he is a popular person, may ers and sisters? If you are good making a personal inventory of our

not feel the necessity to become part scholars, you learn to treat your strengths, limitations, fears, anxieof the brotherhood. Friction may neighbors as they should be treated, ties, hopes, and frustrations? Then

result because each "good fellow"and to have the same affections for should we not individually decide is acting independently 'and not a person from Ireland or England how they affect our relationships fully appreciating his opportunity as you do one from your own native with others?

or responsibility to foster and reap land.... You come here to learn Learning to know oneself is an

the rewards of genuine brotherthat every person is a little different 'ongoing process and ofttimes a hood. from you.... painful one. Honest objectivity is

Brotherhood is sometimes more "The greatest lesson you can a prime prerequisite necessary for than persons working in the same learn is to learn yourselves. When one to recognize and change those

building or for the same general we learn ourselves, we learn our personal characteristics that retard cause—it is more than assuming the neighbors.... You cannot learn it his growth and inhibit his full

September 1969 71.

communication, acceptance, and son recognize that one of the prime understanding of others. He who purposes of brotherhood is to help

Crisply refreshing cultivates this kind of objectivity each other become more effective bubbly enough for can learn how to change himself, and to provide a favorable climate a celebration! and with courage he can also learn that will encourage each individual

to live with those things he cannot to release his own inhibitions and change. fears so that he might grow and

Delightfully To know oneself is to learn the develop in love and confidence?

nonalcoholic! meaning of the word "why"about Can this be accomplished if he feels

oneself. Why is one jealous? Why pressures of duress and the lack of

is he fearful, envious, and hateful? support and understanding of other

1-PACK (4/5 qt.) Why does he use the wellknown persons? In other words, does each

$3.50 ppd. defense mechanisms to protect his understand and share the same selfimage? Once these questions goals? Without this knowledge and

3-PACK (4/5 qts.) | are answered, he must then decide an incentive to achieve, little suchow to use his newly learned cess will be experienced.

$8.00 ppd. knowledge. To know himself, one The following suggestions may

SAMPLE (6.4fl.ozs.): $1.00 ppd. must strive to be emotionally honbe useful in helping persons to beSINCE 1868 est in expressing his feelings sponcome conscious of an overall contaneously and sincerely to others cept of brotherhood.

without feeling the need to protect 1. Provide a warm, understandGOLD MEDAL his own ego. He must be honest ing atmosphere so that every

S. MARTINELLI & CO. with himself so that he can be member will have and desire selfBOX DEPT. U 549 honest enough with others to allow expression.

Calif. Watsonville, 95076

them to be different. 2. Provide each person within

The Lord gave to the Prophet the brotherhood the opportunity to

Joseph an insight into a meaningful express himself. This makes him

ARE VOU IN DANGER BECAUSE brotherhood in one of his many an interested and intelligent partrevelations: "Therefore, strengthen ner—one who has a vested interest

OF THE GUNS YOU OWN? your brethren in all your conversain the brotherhood.

AT LAST! A gun trigger guard that really tion, in all your prayers, in all your 3. Enable each person to sense

works, so simple to install, and only o second exhortations and in all your doings."his importance to the group and to

fit Will to remove. shotguns most rifles, (D&C 108:7.) In this advice the realize that the ultimate success in

pistols. installed, properly you and Once

will "BeeSafe"! Lord was giving his servant the brotherhood is primarily deterThousands of adults, and children too, have basic steps in forming a brothermined by his awn involvement and

been killed or injured by supposedly unhood. the involvement of others. (The

not can hapguns. loaded These accidents A thoughtprovoking Jewish provleader who does everything for the

is lock trigger used a "BeeSafe"pen when properly. erb states that a person who saves group virtually stifles individual

Help us save a life or serious injury... one man is looked upon as if he and brotherhood growth.)

install this marvelous safety. Tell your had saved all men, and he who A healthy attitude and a sincere

friends to get one. Let's stamp out needless destroys one man is judged as if he desire are essential keys to a sucgun accidents, NOW!

had destroyed all men, for if a cessful brotherhood. Attitudes are

person is the savior of one man, he more than intellectual experiences. Only

could well be the savior of others. They are linked to such emotions

$2.75 Each And likewise, to be able to destroy as fear, rage, love, jealousy. They

Packed one man, he becomes a potential are the sum total of one's feelings in gift box threat to the destruction of others. and prejudices and his preconSee your local gun dealer Let us consider some of the ceived notions about another peror Sports Shop principles that are essential in son. If a person's attitude can be

Or Send Order to: achieving brotherhood among our favorably changed toward each

brothers. Does each man envision member of his group, the entire reBEESLEY MANUFACTURING CO. what steps must be taken to achieve lationship takes on new meaning

Box 17075 Salt Lake City, Utah 84117 a real brotherhood? Does each perand depth. If one will accept the

(Check or Money Order Only) Dealers Inquiries Welcome

72 Improvement Era Your Utah State Fair Presents

attitude "I will draw near to you,"his fellow workers will ultimately draw near to him.

With a positive, nonthreatening attitude, one can then begin to reioEDAYiMile24th EDITION build a helping relationship for himself and his brothers—a relaAORLD FAMOUS

tionship that facilitates developICE SPECTACULAR ment and growth for one another 7 Fabulous Productions in emotional maturity and personCreated, Staged and Directed by Donn Arden ality scriptures In the growth. this FIR!T I SHOliVis helpgodlike. called A growing,

ing relationship can never exist IN THE SALT when one has negative and defenPALACE ARENA sive attitudes that compel him to withdraw or retreat into neurotic Tickets available safety zones. With positive, wholeSEPT. 1621 at the Salt Palace Box Office %

some attitudes he can still differ 4 and yet be understood and accepted by others. To change attitudes, it is well to JUST ONE YEAR

that:remember OF TRAINING TO they are closely 1. Because

linked to the emotions, attitudes BECOME A INTERIOR DESIGNING

FASHION BUYER COMMERCIAL ARTISTare seldom changed or developed FASHION COORDINATOR FASHION ARTIST by persuasion or force. FASHION MODEL AIRLINE HOSTESS

2. Since individuals cannot alPHOTOGRAPHIC MODEL PUBLIC RELATIONS

ways be approached directly, we must provide positive experiences wherein changes in attitudes will 5 CARPPPCAREER rniLEnfCOLLEGE emerge as secondary factors. This 1213 E. 21st Southis accomplished by providing the J

opportunity to develop specific I Salt Lake City, Utah 84106 Phone 4870653 skills, acceptable habits, and learn- I D Send Information on the Career I have checked above ing. Attitudes, once acquired, D Send Information on your EXCLUSIVE APARTMENT DORMITORY

linger long after the experiences Name

, Addressthrough which the attitudes were I ''.State Zip

learned. I Phone Age. 3. An opportunity must be provided for each person to express in J

words the change that has taken

KLUB/KWIC(FM)place in his feelings toward a cerKLUB/KWIC(FIVI) FULLTIME STEREO tain person or situation. This willhelp him recognize and understand Mountain America's Choicest Musicthe attitudinal change that has O

taken place within him. =5 Each person should ask himself KIXTB57 AM KTVIC97 FM STEREO

questions: becomethese m Do I /

oneenvious or jealous when of my NOW... from high atop Farnsworth Peak... \i/\

Magnificient Medleys on KWIC(FM) receives a single UJ KLUB's workersfellow

Stereo! 'AA 73> award?honor or Can I truthfully i top location! New mountainthrill with his success and feel I Expanded intermountain coverage!have played a small part in his o5 Maximum authorized power! / - \

Tune in... 97 on your FM dial! Be KWIC about it!

KLUB/KWIC(FM) MAGNIFICENT MEDLEYS KLUB/KWIC(FM)

September 1969 73 accomplishment? Jealousy or envy socially. The other fellow believes

is a warning signal that the interthat his ideas and thoughts are conis not healthy. sistent and good. If this were not 2jSALT LAKE 0]V<[COTTONWOOD OGDENI personal relationship

In a healthy brotherhood there is so, he would not retain them.

no need for rivalry or competi- 2. Try walking the second mile

tion, for competition is with self, with our brother and do whatnot with others. ever is possible to alleviate his perWithin each of us there is a love sonal problems, his concerns, his

stream and a hate stream. Emoanxieties.

tional energy can flow down either 3. When a difference arises with

stream, depending upon the confiour brother, be sure that in coping dence one has in self and others or with the situation we attack the the fears he has of self and others. problem instead of his personality.

Other questions that need to be How effective is my communicaanswered are: Does my emotional tion? Communication is the basic

maturity permit others to differ tool used for the improvement of from me? Will I accept and underbrotherhood relationships. If we

stand them in their differences? If see the trustworthiness and integ-

a person can answer "yes,"it is rity of the communicant, our comquite apparent that the "I"is paying munication becomes meaningful the price of understanding and and forthcoming because we are learning how his brother feels toaccepted. When we judge others,

ward himself and the world about our communication often breaks him. It is learning to accept with down because the "I"dominates

understanding his fears, apprehenthe "we."The stronger the "I"feels

sions, goals, failures, and successes. about a subject or an idea (i.e.,

Until the "I"is emotionally mature politics, reHgion, etc.), the greater

and motivated to do this, brotheris his challenge to understand and greatest selection hood will be only a name without be understood.

there is no the "I"listens, Unless misunderstandings and and TWO PANT feeling, the real Without communication. differences unresolved will always

WOOL SHARKSKIN exist. The result will be merely an "we"in communication, there is

SUITS aggregate number of individuals only an exchange of meaningless designed and tailored going their own respective ways. words, for communication is a twoexpressly for missionaries The Savior, tuned in with the way process wherein one listens

Wisest choice for young men woman taken in adultery, gave her creatively as well as speaks to be who need a perfect appear- a vision of hope and a goal for the understood. A oneway communiance—and miles of extra future. He neither condemned nor cation does not fulfill the requirewear! Tailored of a strong upheld her in her mistake; rather, ments of brotherhood, because a

twoply wool with two pair he accepted her as a person of person is too occupied in putting of pants 97.50

other models from 79.95 worth and created a relationship across his own ideas and denying

that made it possible for her to look his brother his chance for emphatic ZCMI MEN'S CLOTHINGall stores at herself and her actions with obself-expression. Remember, when

jectivity. Through his giving of there is no communication, personal

himself, the woman was able to relations have broken down. A

perceive and accept herself. conflict exists between the sender

The above experience indicates and the receiver wherein either or 'Your Name is Most Important that we should: both need help to remove the

Priesthood Aaronic Awards 1. Take time to get acquainted obstacles of defensive selfjustifi- Individual Awards

Mission Releases with the other fellow—walk in his cation.

MIA & Scouting Awards shoes and learn to appreciate his Some people listen but do not Diplomas

Resolutions inner feelings by getting acquainted hear. They seldom take time to stop

beautifully written or lettered. Free with him at work, in the home, and to listen to the impHcation of what

estimates request. on

2801 So. 7th East Ph. 4860830

Salt Lake City, Utah 84106

74 Improvement Era Year's Food Supply is being said. What do my brother's

words imply? To understand ourbrother, we must find the message $129.95

beyond the spoken words. plus tax on Utah sales

The success of a brotherhood $145.00 value—centers within the individual. If

Everything necessary to fill the nutritional needs of one person for one he is immature and hides like an full year or a family of 4-6 three months.

ostrich behind a protective cloak Easy to Store—No refrigeration—Long storage life

Size Prepacked cans Cases 11 Same #10of unreality, he will deny that probFruits, Foods, Grains, 6 plus Juices and Desserts 8 Vegetables 4 4 Protein lems and misunderstandings exist (low moisture foods) within the brotherhood. Somehow Pick up in Salt Lake City or we will ship freight collect.

Gross shipping wt. 365 lbs.

he will shut reality out of his mind, and to live with himself he will fortify the "I"with defense mechanisms that really do not hide his PleasePIERMAPAKsend me:

weaknesses but unwittingly make Year's Food Supply @ $129.95 F.O.B. (plus tax on Utah sales).

them more obvious to others. Thus, My check/moneyorder is enclosed.

he retires more and more into a n Sample Year's Food Supply Kit—7 Foods, ample for 4 servings

ppd.—$2.95

Storage Plan CATALOGfalse seclusion with his own in- D eachFree Food adequacies. D Free Survival Kit and Camping INFORMATION

If he is emotionally mature and D Free Group Discounts/FundRaising Plan INFORMATION devoid of excessive defense mechName

Address anisms, he will face whatever City State - Zip problems may exist and attempt to #40 East 2430 South, Salt Lake City, Utah 84115 Ph. (801) 4869671

find suitable solutions for them. He

will learn to live with his brothers even though they may differ in opinion. Without losing his emotional composure, he will accept

and understandingly tolerate unsolved difficulties and differences that may exist among them. In this

way he has subjected the love of the "I"by acquiring a consciousness of the greater possibilities for personality expansion in the brotherhood of the "we."In paraphrasing a statement of the Savior, we

could say: to save the "I"one must

first learn to lose himself in the greater love of the "we."

Essentially, when one has been accepted into brotherhood, he has learned to know himself. He perceives a fresh approach to himself

and others, and, viewing himself objectively, he stands stripped of all dishonesty. In this clarity of vision,

he achieves communication from soul to soul. It is the only way to

peace and contentment and to the full realization of his potential manhood. O

September 1969 75 New stake presidencies: President presented in the first of three perThe Church OvardReed E.andBrownRobertandA. counselorsWilliams, SummitCarl T. formancesstadium. at the University of Utah

(Utah) Stake; President Clinton D. A quartet festival of singing was MovesOn Davis and counselors Raymond M. presented in the Tabernacle, featuring

Williams and DeVoe C. Gill, San Diego ten quartets from throughout the

Stake. Church. The drama presentations were

This was the last weekend in which repeated at University of Utah locastake conferences were scheduled betions.

fore a sixweek summer vacation. This day was also the 125th anniGovernor Calvin L. Rampton of Utah versary of the martyrdom of the

has proclaimed June 2229 as Mutual Prophet Joseph Smith and his brother

Improvement Associations Week. The Hyrum.

declaration especially honors the centennial observance of the YWMIA, to be Today was devoted to comprehenheld at June Conference. sive departmental sessions and workJune 1969 shops for MIA officers and teachers,

This was a YWMIA Camp Day, followed by the dance and quartet festiCassia East Stake in Idaho was the beginning of preJune Conference vals. Lion House reception, and drama

organized by Elder LeGrand Richards events. In the early evening the Master presentations in the evening.

of the Council of the Twelve. The'stake M ManGolden Gleaner banquet was

results from a name change and a held in the new Salt Palace. The traditional Sabbath morning

realignment of wards. Raft River Stake Then at the Salt Palace it was the session in the Tabernacle, under the

was disorganized, and its wards became elegant oncein-a-lifetime occasion, the direction of the First Presidency, closed a part of the new stake. The Decio and Centennial Ball of the Young Women's the MIA June Conference. It was anSpringdale wards were transferred to Mutual Improvement Association, with nounced during the conference that

the new stake from Burley Stake. dancing appropriately bridging the because of the growth of the Church,

New stake presidency: President Decentury. in the future ward MIA workers will no

vere Harris and counselors Myron P. "MiniMusicals,"five prizewinning longer be invited to attend June conSorenson and Herman Miller, Jr., Malad roadshow acts, a fulllength play preferences.

(IdahoUtah) Stake. sentation, and "The Sound of Theater"

each began threenight performances at July 1969

San Diego North Stake was orlocations on the University of Utah ganized from parts of San Diego (Calicampus. Promised Valley began its nightlyfornia) Stake by Elder Mark E. Petersen A centennial reception in the newly exceptSunday third summer season in

of the Council of the Twelve. President restored Lion House, the Brigham the Temple View Theater, across the

Ray M. Brown and counselors Don L. Young home where the MIA was orgastreet, east of the Salt Lake Temple.

Riggs and Carl J. Bair were sustained nized, began at four this afternoon.

in this, the 489th stake now functioning They will continue Friday and Saturday New stake presidency: President

in the Church. afternoons. Henry E. Anderson and counselors Wallace L. Burt and George T. Brooks,

A sunrise YWMIA centennial serSugar House (Salt Lake City) Stake.

New Hue vice for young women leaders of the

By Maureen Cannon Church was held at 6:00 this morning President David 0. McKay fulfilled

in the Salt Lake Tabernacle. The spe- a desire and a promise when he at-

/ raise the lid—oh, washday cial program featured premiere of a tended the official opening ceremonies

shock! film on the early days of YWMIA, Pioof the new David 0. McKay Hospital

I gasp, I bleat, I blink.... neers in Petticoats, and an address by in Ogden, Utah. He had promised "to

President N. Eldon Tanner of the First be present at the opening of the hosOne sly and sneaky bright Presidency. pital,"at the groundbreaking cerered sock General sessions of the 70th annual monies October 22, 1966.

Has taken charge June Conference were held at 9:30 a.m.

and 1:30 p.m. Fifty trophies in 34 divisions were

And, by and large, "There's Nothing Like a Girl"was presented at the conclusion of the

My whites are "in the pink"! theme of the dance festival, which was annual allChurch tennis tournament.

76 Improvement Era During interfaith services, Presithat has caused all people throughout we have completed our mission here dent N. Eidon Tanner of the First Presithe world to be so vitally and unitedly on earth."

dency offered the dedicatory prayer at interested in and involved in what was

Salt Lake City's new auditorium comtaking place as they were in the flight This was Pioneer Day in Utah, the plex, the Salt Palace. Music for the of Apollo 11 and putting man on the intermountain West, and in fact anyservice was given by the Mormon moon. I feel that man on the moon, place where the Saints assemble. In

Youth Symphony and Chorus, making communicating with us on the earth, Salt Lake City the traditional parade its first public appearance. should help men to believe and underwas led by a U. S. Marine Corps color

The Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir and stand that God, the Creator of the guard and the Marine Corps Band from organ marked the end of 40 years of earth, which is the spaceship on which Twentynine Palms, California. Followsuccessful nationwide radio broadcasthe placed us, can communicate with ing close behind was a car in which

ing at their weekly broadcast this us, and that if we keep in tune with President and Sister David 0. McKay

morning, where many congratulatory him we will have a safe landing when were riding.

telegrams were received. Immediately

following the broadcast a short radio and video tape was made for the Na5f tional Broadcasting Company, which Richard L. Evans

will be telecast during special programing as the American astronauts reach The Spoken Wordthe next Sunday. moon

The Tabernacle Choir and organ began broadcasting nationally as an NBC For directions on how to live life

Monday afternoon feature July 15, a Sabbath morning1929. it became is an always - compelling question: or would Where we

Columbia Broadcasting System proThereshould—or can directions life? we live to we go for on how

gram on the first Sunday in September Perhaps we can draw a parallel. Where would we go for directions

1931. on how to use an instrument, a car, or a complex piece of equipment?

Who knows most about what things are made for, how they should be

The Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir, operated and cared for, what they are designed to do? Obviously,

singing in San Diego, California, as part the designer or maker of a machine would be the one most likely to of that city's two hundredth anniverprepare a manual of instructions pertaining to it. And so likewise, in

sary, was given two standing ovations life, the Creator, the Administrator, would know most about its purpose, and long rounds of applause by an about people, about their possibilities. The Maker would know why

estimated thirty thousand who attended moderation, morality, labor, respect for law are essential for peace the concert at the San Diego Stadium and health and happiness. He has given us a marvelous mind, marvelous

this evening. physical faculties, and has counseled us to do some things and not

This was the day of the Children's to do others, and not to impair or clutter our lives or consciences

Parade, as Salt Lake City began the with unwholesome habits, or careless living, or unbecoming conduct.

annual Days of '47 celebration. It is natural that it should be so. One cannot conceive of a parent's

not being interested in everything that pertains to his children: their

President Joseph Fielding Smith physical, mental, moral, and spiritual health, and happiness. And one

of the First Presidency and President of cannot conceive of the Father of us all not being interested in everythe Council of the Twelve commemothing that pertains to his children. And so he has given us standards,

rated his ninetythird birthday at a counsel, requirements, commandments, laws, rules of life to realize traditional family gathering held in a our highest possibilities, our highest happiness. Where else would we

Salt Lake City park. turn? Whom else could we trust with our everlasting lives? There are

The appointment of Roy W. Oscarson many brilliant men on earth but none who knows enough. To those

of St. Louis as a Regional Representadistressed, to those with problems, to those who are searching and

tive of the Council of the Twelve was trying to find a way, look beyond the superficial, beyond the surface, announced. beyond the shifting theories, the irresponsible permissiveness, the

false assumptions. Look to the meaning and purpose and peace of life,

Sj] Of the astronauts landing on the and its limitless, everlasting possibilities. Turn to the Maker for the

moon today, President N. Eldon Tanner directions you so much seek.

of the First Presidency said: "I know * "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square,

of no single thing in the history of man presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System June 22, 1969. Copyright 1969.

September 1969 77.

USE The Improvement Era, 79 South State, Salt Lake City Utah 84111

THIS Please enter a year subscription to The Improvement Era for

COUPON RENEW Address YOUR City.:\. State Zip

ERA (Check one) Give credit for this subscription to

This is a renewal D Ward or Branch

ORDER This is a gift D Stake or Mission

FOR If gift, also give name and address of donor. Iyear years m years Name $3.00 $5.75 0$8.25

FRIEND Address Add $2.50 for each additional year

Maya WEDDING INVITATIONS & ACCESSORIES By Don L. Searle, Jr.

engraved MERCOTYPE The seedcase breaks FIRST 7'FIRST 100 100 100 VRmercographFIRST $19.75 $5.75 $7

—steel die engraved Genuine Printed plain or letters (thermography) on finest paneled Raised the stalk fights free,—And your sent with plate Engraving a in distinctive sharp, vellum and papers wedding beautiful and

clean new type faces. sincere value at this price. order. 15day delivery. Noiv struggling ivith earth,

NEWl Art rendering of all L.D.S. Notv rising heavenward,

Temples for your wedding stationery Lifted by ivind, and drawn on

Over 60 styles from v/hich to choose By the siren song of sun.

including all the elegant vellums and finest parchments in silver In his maize, the Indian tiller gray and beautiful pastels. Also sees

informals, enclosures, thank you notes, at home cards, napkins, Fidfillment of the promise photo albums, L.D.S. wedding Left by his fathei-s,

books, and many accessories. Who have thus tilled their crops

For centuries, eras, generations. ORDER

BE PROMPTLY ANDGUARANTEEDCHEERFULLYWITH COMPLETEOR REFUNDED.YOUR CONFIDENCE.MONEY WIU SATISFACTION

ALLTISSUEDWEDDINGAND INSERTEDINVITATIONSINTO INSIDEAND ANNOUNCEMENTSENVELOPES. In his heart, he feels, too,

Fulfillment of a jjromise.

FREE Gifts with every order The bursting of a seed.

l-jJt,j.4LFREE CATALOG And, though he knotvs not the

and FREE soiver.

-iJU&r.9if Etiquette Wheel Yet knoivs the seed is good.

The promise left by his fathers xftxmt. or (50 if airmail requested) credited on Tells him he is a child of God,

your order. Strayed these many centuries.

Whom his Eternal Parent will M E R C U R Y Name rescue.

PUBLISHING CO. Address He is godseed, and will not be

146 STREET SIXTH EAST SOUTH abandoned.

84111 City. State Zip CITY, LAKE UTAH SALT But will bloom too.

And produce, and be harvested INTERMOUNTAIN COLLEGE By the Soiver who has thus tilled enroliment applications now being accepted for FUND RAISING PROBLEMS? his crops

for Let Sell our solve you. us them the Accounting, courses: following Gen. Sec, outFor in centuries, eons, and eterniput Bus. standing candies your to "FUN"P.B.X., Admin., StenoSec, MedicalLegal Sec,

Unsold PROFITS. RAISING—BIG FUND ties. I. Bus, B. 101. Machines, Punch, Computer M. Key returned. be candy can

FREE request; brochures mailed FREE placement on CRESTLINE CANDIES

ot'i starts for 1969. 29, Sept. term araducites; FALL City, Salt P.O. Lake 15369, Box

Tele: 3557507 (801) Utati 84115 - Phone 4873201

St., Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 341 S. Main

78 Improvement Era (/ed/m/ (jF/t/f/M/m

FROM

IDAHO

One Vote Can Change History

Custom printed By Henry C. Nicholas Prices mmt

The right to vote, to exercise one's are LOW political franchise, in whatever nation in Idaho one finds himself is based on a reScores of styles, thermographed or Durasponsibility that all Christians and men graved,"all the accessories. Buy direct

of goodwill must honor if they are to ander ofsavemailorderfrom West'sweddingleadinginvitations.manufacturRush

continue their democratically oriented orders shipped same day received!

societies. To emphasize the matter,

history affords many instances where only one vote changed or would have changed the entire course of hisSend for FREE catalog, samples (25c if airmail tory. No one need ever think his vote desired). REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440

does not count. It counts immensely. Name.

One vote in 1774 prevented the Address -

United States from becoming an City, State, Zip independent nation within the British

Empire. When the First Continental

Congress met in Philadelphia, the proposal was made that America remain

In the British Empire as a separate, political entity, an imperial relationship such as that of Canada and Australia today. This proposal was defeated by

a margin of one vote, and it is but one of a number. of historic instances in

which a single vote has decided the MUSIC COMPAIVY destiny nation. of a VISIT OUR In 1868 proceedings impeachment

in the U.S. Senate against President Andrew Johnson lost by one vote. NEW HOME

In modern times a single vote Everything is new. The

exerted a tremendous influence on the music selection for church,

Allies'winning World War II. In the home, and school has been

summer of 1941, when German troops greatly expanded. This is a

were rolling through Russia, and Japan special invitation to all of was perfecting the last details of its you music lovers from out attack on Pearl Harbor, the House of of town to visit us this comRepresentatives voted on the proposal ing October Conference.

to disband our new army of 1,500,000 You will enjoy our new men. This proposal was defeated by facilities. Come in and

the narrow margin of one vote. browse. Let us help you in

The sum of it all is that your vote all of your musical needs.

counts—and it counts heavily. O NEW ADDRESS

65 South West Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 Phone: 3646518

Discover the lines of "The Long Hot Summer of 1912"that give us a glimpse of true Paint Colors pioneer experiences. Buffs Grace Diane Jessen

America Lilies and Another Irishman Glenwood, Utah

Best Rebuffs IEraama onlylot and12 soonyears I oldwill butbe I13.readI readthe

your article "The Mormons and the Irish"[April] and just wanted to tell you my story. My father is an Irish convert. I

was two years old when he joined the

Mormon Battalion Church. I wrote to give you one more

example of an Irish Mormon.

Although I enjoyed "The Mormon Pamela Powers

Battahon in Monument San Diego"Seattle, Washington

I [June], I flinched encountered when three geographical errors: (1) Cajon Conference Talks

Pass does not cross the Sierra Nevada

Mountains. It crosses the San Bernardino Thank you for publishing the Era each

Mountains over 150 miles south of Mt. month. My testimony is strengthened

Whitney, which is located near the exeach time I read it. Since I am a mistreme southern end of the Sierra Nevada sionary in Chile I don't have an opporrange. (2) The Truckee River flows tunity to listen to general conference, but

easterly off the Sierra Nevada into Nethe talks are published in the Era. It is

vada, finally draining into Pyramid Lake really interesting to find out that the northeast of Reno. It would have been Spirit can be felt in the written word

impossible for the soldiers to walk up as well as the spoken. I'm thankful that

the California coast to the Truckee River, the Lord has blessed me with the ability inasmuch as the Truckee does not enter to read, the simple gift of reading.

the ocean. (3) It would have been Elder Stanley Church

equally impossible for the soldiers to folChilean Mission low the Truckee to Sacramento. The

Truckee flows easterly away from SacraThe deaf and hardof-hearing Latterday mento. The nearest it comes to SacraSaints wish to express their thanks for

mento is in its headwater areas, which the Era coming into their homes each are located nearly 100 miles east of Calimonth, especially the general conference fornia's capital city. issues. Not being able to hear radio or

Edwin P. Pister TV, or not knowing if the persons giving

Bishop, Californi.\ the interpretation signs to us are comAnd now we flinch. pletely accurate in their sign signals, the

is Era our lifeline. We deaf Latterday

Fiction Saints love the Era.

Sister Joan Parry I feel I must I tell you have how much Oakland ( California ) Fifth Ward fiction the enjoyed in have you the used

Era in the past year. I was particularly The May Issue

delighted with "A Happy Misunderstanding"[May] and "Be Jubilant, My Your May conversion to a women's

Feet"[March], and was impressed by magazine, minus the problem page, "Personal Appraisal"[April], "With comes as somewhat of a surprise, but...

What Measure"[July 1968], as well as excuse me while I change the nappies several others. I hope you will continue and get on with knitting.

to use these kinds of stories often. I Peter John Bleach

would like to see more articles along the London, England

Zinnia Parade

By Beth M. Applegate

The leaves of the garden are Down the line they all turn at that colors of paint special 36 groupA blackened dead, and the trill breeze. of a charthe suggest thespealc and names there still is But old fire in the Gorgeous troopers all game things places, ofacter cherished American

and events. Bring the American Style to zinnia bed to the last.

your home decorating I See these "ColorWhere, like rigid old soldiers, They hate to acknowledge that izer Americans"now! roiv after row, summer is past;

The scarlet zinnias parade in a Standing stiff in their glory, shotv. they know they are beat.

this, their last call, is AT BENNETT'S DEALERS "Eyes right. Present arms. At And that

ease men. At ease."their final retreat.

AND STORES

80 Improvement Era Computers People are for are for counting. countingon.

Pacific.A great combination working for you at Union

search, new equipment It's flow. into the traffic not what computers But the UNION and facilities. Pacific people do, Union but what people do

with them. use computers to spot value of the people who PACIFIC

Our people are noted trouble before it happens, run them can't be comRAILROAD for their computer sense. to watch your shipment puted. In customer

That's how they line up as it speeds along, to service, they're priceless. GOLDEN SPIKE

property For industrial flash information back, quickly, facilities so how in 1869 11969 write information, sort, switch, and if needed. weigh they

couple thousands of cars To do the best job, we're confidence to Edd H. CENTENNIAL

on the move, how they spending millions every Bailey, Pres., Union

whisk your freight smoothly year on computers, rePacific, Omaha 68102.

Use the sharp new tools of Union Pacific.

September 1969 81 T"- kiiiSi''*f%*<i,>*

TbeseTimes leadership1. Personalities.personifyingMostthe ofpostthe

1945 superpower system has changed. Under Mr. Truman

the postwar situation gave rise to the term "cold war."Mr. Truman

left the American presidency in

January 1953. Stalin died the

following spring. Malenkov, who;\-\- ">e '5"* *

succeeded Stalin, was a shorttermer in Russian leadership.

President Eisenhower and Mr.

Khrushchev developed a brief Chiang in 1949—asserting what New Patterns "entente."In China Mao defeated

in Asia. The growing tension beinWo rid Affairs soon came to be a "third force"

tween Russia and China has now

By Dr. G. Homer Durham become apparent. Border inciPresident, Arizona State University

at Ternpe dents reveal the split.

"Titoism"in Yugoslavia by the

With men on the moon, there time Eisenhower was President are new patterns in world affairs. demonstrated that Communist

Complete domination of foreign nationalism in Europe was a policy consideration by the United stronger motive than international

States on the one hand, and the Communist solidarity. The HunUSSR on the other, has come to garian revolt in 1956, the Czech

an end. The dissonant duet has.# incidents through 1968, and

been joined by other voices. certain signs in Poland, although

The world after 1945 was dominot politically successful, have nated by the two superpowers, made the same point. The impact

the USA and the USSR. The shiftof Maoist doctrine in such distant

ing patterns* since that time were points as Albania, Africa, and at first hardly discernible. NATO, Latin America have indicated

formed in 1949, emphasized the other variances.

superpower, bipolar world. TwenThe rise of De Gaulle under a

ty years later, NATO still exists, '?Sf*'new French constitution and his

but who can name the American departure from office in the spring commander or identify the locaof 1969 probably marked the tion of his headquarters? shifts to a new pattern as clearly

A genuine American, hardline as anything. Churchill, Adenauer,

conservative of my acquaintance Truman, Eisenhower, Attlee, Eden, is spending a summer vacation in Stalin, Malenkov, and De Gaulle

Yugoslavia, not San Diego. This have given way to others. Even

would have been unthinkable a Fidel Castro, not on the center few years ago. President Richard stage in 1945, has been around

Nixon in the same summer visits long enough not to provoke overRomania. Despite the Czech inanxiety.

vasion and crisis of a year ago, The passing parade of personthe patterns are shifting. alities and the forces behind them

What has changed since Dwight indicate that the world of the

D. Eisenhower left Columbia Uni1970s is to be quite different.

versity to command the NATO The replacement of the dissonant forces 20 years ago? duo by a small chorus—in which

82 Improvement Era OLD FASHIONED HEALTHGIVING there are personalities two powerful voices frequency the than a different world. a large exGOODNESS them. To makes who occupy

2. Economic systems. The cast tent, the new personalities and the "CORONA"

of characters among the world's new economies of the 1970s face

GRAIN MILL economic systems has also altered the different world. But today's for use with

sufficiently to indicate something leaders confront the world with wheat, corn, nuts, about the new patterns. Instead of the same kind of political mechetc.for fineEasilyor adjustscoarse

the USA dominating world producanisms as those of 1945. Some of modelgrinding.mill Newwith 1 finerCTSP

tion, as it did immediately after these instruments may be sadly grindingpostpaid. platesEast of$10.95

1945, exporting foreign aid, the outmoded in the age of satellites, Rockies add $1.00

USA has experienced a gold drain. space technology, 747s, and postage.plates for Finerold 1 grindingC

An export imbalance has appeared jumbo jets. But there are some Utahmill $1.95residentsset postpaid.add 31/2% sales tax.

from time to time in the past new members of the cast of charCanadian residents add S3.00 postage

several years. President Johnson's acters. Equipped with the old Corona mill.

term saw even a threat to control political instruments, the United HOME SIZE foreign travel and spending abroad Nations, varying types of weapSTONE GROUND by individual Americans. onry, and the political institutions FLOUR MILLS

The BrettonWoods internationof each national system, the new al monetary fund agreement has members of the cast since 1945 been patched up several times show that the play on the world since 1945. The franc has been stage is indeed different.

devaluated and then, with De The most notable change is

Gaulle's new francs, has become the replacement of the former a solid currency. The British pound British imperial system with forty

has been devaluated at least twice or fifty new nations. Many of them

since the war and is still in trouble. are in Africa. But also included

But the big economic changes are such entities as Malta, a small have come in Japan, West Gerisland in the Mediterranean, to many, and the European common which the U.S. now names a fullGrind your own flour!... Eat your

market countries, in contrast with fledged ambassador (John C. way to better health with an All Grain

what existed in 1945. The ecoPritzlaff, incidentally, of Arizona). flour mill. Now at new low prices!

Free Corona mill with every AllGrain nomic patterns of the future deepIn a weightier sense, India since mill sold. Write now for more inforly involve Japan, West Germany, 1945 has been divided into two mation.

the USA, and the USSR and their great and populous nations, India

SEND ORDERS TO respective national and internaand Pakistan. Burma has likewise

tional ties. emerged and given the U.N. its SMITHFIELD

These changes have likewise third SecretaryGeneral, U Thant.

dramatized the difficulties of the The French, Dutch, and PortuIMPLEMENT CO.

Latin American nations. And guese empires have been dis99 NO. MAIN

Pompidou's willingness to remove solved. Algeria and Indonesia are SMITHFIELD, UTAH 84335

the French veto of British entry significant examples of new nainto the European community will tions that have emerged. Finally,

COX'S DELICOU5 have side effects in Africa and the but of deep import, Israel, Jordan, socalled commonwealth countries and Egypt have become indeCreamed Jioftet/ of the "sterling area."Automapendent nations, adding Nasser, one of the best in the U.S.

tion, electronics, computer techMrs. Meier, and King Hussein to

GIFT BOXES A SPECIALTY nology, space satellites all mark a the new parade of leadership. famous for its flavor and quality

different economic world than in In this milieu, the United States (Write for 1945. became involved in "a land war in:|rooI honeyJ coxfreehoneyBrochure)farms 3. Political systems. Political Asia,"against which all our former '"Shelley, Idaho 83274

institutions change more slowly leaders warned. This involvement

than the economic. Structures of seems to have promoted more Protect your copies of

existing systems change much, unrest in the United States than The /mprovement Era—$2.50 much more slowly and with less any event in our national history withOrderan fromEra binderour office at

79 South State Street Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

September 1969 83 civil war in 1861. and, rather than bang his post-U-2 tary ones. The fact that so many—short of

No one knows the future. But shoe on the U.N. table, he could now make the trip, receive steak

I suspect that from Mr. Nixon's view with wonder an Iowa farm dinners in Havana, experience

trip to Romania, what preceded it, and its corn crop. little delay, and then "enjoy"reand what follows it that does not From Nelson Rockefeller's misturn flights to the U.S. would seem

immediately meet the eye, Amerision to Latin America, perhaps the to indicate something. As personcan-Soviet relations may resume administration will find it advisalities and economic patterns

the point preceding the U-2 inciable to recognize the Castro change, the late seventies might dent. Before that, VicePresident regime and even make a trade even see a TWA flight to Shanghai.

Nixon could go to Moscow and agreement, including resumption Perhaps in the eighties tour exdiscuss the merits of American of less than hijacked jet transport cursions might be advertised to washing machines with Mr. to and from Havana. At least the Shanghai Hilton. At least these

Khrushchev. Or, Mr. Khrushchev voluntary trips to Havana would are some possibilities that may

could come to the United States, appear to be preferable to involuncause us to ponder in these times.

It's U and I... grovn nearby!

84 Improvement Era A New Look at the Pearl of Great Price

Part 8 (Continued)

I 1 *fff%

"SJ%

FacsimileNo.1,bythe Figures

By Dr. Hugh Nibley

9 Dick: Why are the figures in FacJane: Why is it so easy? or any of his contemporaries knew that

simile No. 1 numbered backwards? Mr. Jones: Because the name has the Egyptians always identified the

Mr. Jones: Some people have objected actually turned up in the Egyptian recjackal-god of Figure 6 with the White

to the numbering and have even seen ords, and been obligingly transposed Land.

in it evidence of fraud. But if you will into good Canaanite by Professor Dick: Did they?

look very closely you will see that the Burchardt as plain and simple Libnah, Mr. Jones: Most certainly and emnumbers are not written in ancient designating an unknown geographical phatically. Our friend Anubis of the

Egyptian at all, but in modern Amerregion. 'Also, however you look at jackal's head at all times enjoyed two

ican. They have been put in purely it, it always means the same thing. constantly recurring epithets.

for convenience in identifying the Take the Semitic root l-b-n: what do Jane: What's an epithet?

various figures under discussion. And Mount Lebanon (the snowcovered), Mr. Jones: It is a descriptive tag put

just as those figures can be discussed lebon (which is Arabic for milk), and to the name of some famous person or in any order, so there is no mystic or lebanah (which is Hebrew for moon) thing, like "Longhaired Achaeans,"or symbolic significance whatever inhave in common? "Honest Abe,"or "Mack the Knife."

tended in the numbering. The first Dick: That's easy. They are all An epithet is used so often and so autoeight figures are numbered in a perwhite.i=o matically that it is practically part of

fectly consistent order beginning at the Mr. Jones: Shining white. And acthe name—a sort of title. Well, from

top and reading from right to left. The cording to the Rabbis the name of first to last Anubis always had two

animated figures naturally come first, Abraham's relative Laban means whitespecial epithets: he was "Lord of the

of the and "Chief Land"being Westindication of White blond—another

erners."at will look chart the If you in Abraham's family.- Andmere properties—thatthe actors of the isplaywhyratherthe crocothan facedblondnessor

dile, No. 9, has precedence over the in the IndoEuropean family what do you will notice that the jackalheaded

purely symbolic lotus, No. 10; and the Alps, lamps, Olympus, and all limpid jar also represents the West.

"gates of heaven,"being far more conand lambent things have in common? Jane: What is the White Land?

spicuous and specific than the vague They too are shining white. The endMr. Jones: That is just what Profeshatch-lines "signifying expanse"(Fig. ing -ah would normally be the femisor Kees asked himself. He decided that

12), are given priority over them. nine ending designating a land or "Lord of the White Land"(nb ta djesr)

Dick: But why does the numbering of region "as the mother of its inhabiis derived from the idea of "Lord of

the four jars go from right to left? tants,"as the formula goes. Libnah the shining, sanctified [prachtigen,

Mr. Jones: The natural transition would be the White Land, and there geheiligten] Land,"that being a

from Figure 4 is to the nearest jar, Figwere places in Palestine in Abraham's euphemism for the necropolis.-*

ure 5. That, I think, is all there is to day called Libnah, "whiteness";-'- Dick: And everybody knows that the

it. Actually, the canopic jars are numthen too, Levi had a son Libni, whose necropolis is in the West. That would

bered in the correct order of their imname meant white. - make him Lord of the westerners!

portance, but that is probably a mere Dick: So Joseph Smith could have Jane: But wasn't Upper Egypt, the

coincidence. got the name from the Bible and found Southern Kingdom, the land of the

Dick: How about the next figure? out what it meant from a dictionary. white crown and the white palace and

Mr. Jones: The jackal head, called Mr. Jones: Indeed he could have, the white mace, and all that?

here "the idolatrous god of Libnah."but does he ever make capital of the Mr. Jones: There was a strong tempThat is the most easily recognized of name? Does he ever connect it up with tation once to locate the "White Land"

all the names. whiteness or anything else? Neither he of Anubis in Abydos, but Kees showed

September 1969 85 Fac. I, Fig. 10. Here the four lotuses frame the palace gate on which Pharaoh himself

reposes as a lion. These vessels are of a type brought by foreign visitors to Egypt as

gifts to Pharaoh. Here the lotus may well symbolize the exchange of courtesies between

the court of Egypt and its guests.

k zK- -k -k -A-'k -k i - -k:h

PLaM

SIDE ELEVHTION

EDD ElEVflTION secTioM on n-n

Here a line of pylons exactly resembling those in Fig. 11 of Papyrus No. 1 (the facFac. I, Fig. 11. Most of the great early tombs

similes are unsatisfactory) supports three portraits of a Pharaoh who is very obviously are surrounded by 24 pylons, possibly signifying holding up the sky. They are assisting him in this function as pillars of heaven. their nature as "pillars of heaven."

that White Land does not necessarily much playing around with words and to divide up the world into four regions refer to Upper Egypt, though he adsounds, which is altogether too easy, or races according to Egyptian practice.

mitted that the meaning of the term and settle for a few fairly certain Dick: But how about Mahmackrah?

remained obscure.''* But very early points: (1) Libnah does mean White That's a beast of a different color.

Brugsch noted that of the four canonLand; (2) "the idolatrous god of Mr. Jones: But even more interesting

ical colors the official color of the West Libnah"does have the mask of Anubis; because of its unusual name. Figure 7,

is, surprisingly, white—instead of a (3) the jackalheaded canopic figure "the idolatrous god of Mahmackrah,"

red sunset.-"'On the other hand, the does stand for the West; (4) Anubis is has an ape's head, though sometimes it

Libyans to the west of Egypt, noted for the Lord of the West; (5) he is also is shown with the head of a bull or

their white skin and blue eyes,-* were "Lord of the White Land"; (6) white cow; the Egyptians placed it at the

identified by Josephus with the Lehais the ritual color of the West. That's northern quarter of the horizon. What

bim, from a root Ihb, meaning "shinenough, without bringing in the white makes its name so intriguing is that it ing,""flashing,"Arabic lubhah, "a Libyans, to give you something to play makes sense almost any way you diclear, white colour, brightness of the with. It doesn't prove anything, exvide it up. We must always bear in

complexion or colour of the skin,"accept, perhaps, that Libnah is a very mind when confronted with the often cording to Lane.-'But let's avoid too appropriate name to use if you want exoticlooking foreign names that oc86 Improvement Era

The bold and dramatic line panels and pillars are found only in sacred buildings in

Mesopotamia and are characteristic of the earliest palace facades and tombs of Egypt, indicating the otherworldly nature of those structures. In Egypt the recessed panels

represent gates to the other world, and the pillars flanking them the pillars of heaven.

The lion Nefertem guards Egypt's northeast frontier with his big knife and his lotus the welcoming committee for those who came to Egypt from Abraham's Canaan. The

lotus is the official symbol of the border control and of permission to enter the country.

cur in the writings of Joseph Smith possible combinations that Semitic and upholder of Baal, the Canaanite god.

that it is the sound and not the sight IndoEuropean dictionaries could give MahrRah would be the champion or of the name that is being conveyed. us on the syllables mah, mack, and rah, upholder of Rah, the Egyptian equivaBaurak Ale and Shaumahyeem are perall of which are full of meaning in any lent of Baal.

fectly good Hebrew if you read them language. What grabs me, for example, Dick: But this "-mackr-"is spelled

out loud; though they look absolutely is the middle syllable, not plain with a -ckinstead of an -h-.

outlandish, it would be hard to give a "mack"but "mackr-"and of course the Mr. Jones: The -h- in "mahr"belongs

better rendering of the old sounds final -rah. What I hear is "Mahto the root, and must have a heavy

without the use of a phonetic alphabet. mackrrah."That means a lot to me. sound in order not to be swallowed up

The names of our canopies are adJane: Why "mackr-,"of all things? by the following -r. You can see the

dressed to the ear and not the eye Mr. Jones: Because it reminds me of shift between a -k- and a heavy -h-

that is why it is possible to fluctuate an element occurring in some important sound in our writing of Micha-el, between Elkenah and Elkkener, Korash Canaanite names. M/irAnat, for exwhich the Jews wrote Mika-el. Inciand Koash. Mamackrah suggests all ample, means "champion or upholder dentally, the form of the name rather

sorts of things to the ear, and it would of the goddess Anat";- and Rameses neatly parallels our Mamackr-rah.

take us a long time to ring all the II called himself Mahr-B'l, meaning Micha-el, like Mica-iah (1 Kings 22),

September 1969 87 'Our lioncouch godepithetis meaningfollowedmighty.by anI canEgyptianthink of Therethe landsis stillof noPuntagreementand Cushas to wherereally

a better Egyptian name, though: Rank were; but the queen of Punt, who had

papyrus is a political gives"the Lionthe nameis ruler."i2aMai-m-hqaq tjjgas meaningpattern dealingstainly livedwithin theQueenSouth.Hatshpsut, cerMai-m-akr-'ah would mean "the Lion Jane: Wasn't the Queen of Sheba

as well as religious isgodAkras thea lion.great,"At Akrany rate,beingwetheareearthfree theMr.queenJones:of Thesethe south,mysterioustoo? southern

to guess as long as we don't preach. queens have caused considerable perBut Jane: side of what's it got to do with plexity. Saba on the other wasdocument...

ape's Sea, head? an side, the Arabian the Red where

Mr. Jones: Don't you remember? The some people put Cush.-'*''But however

jar with the ape's head signifies north Sheba, Punt, Cush and KorashKoash for the Egyptians—that is the purpose may be related, the one thing they have

of this particular symbol. For the in common is that they are all in the

means "Who is like God?"or "He who Egyptians, Palestine and Syria were deep south.

is like God."Ma- (written Mahto the lands of the north. So now we Dick: Including Korash?

lengthen the vowel according to the have idols for the east, west, and Mr. Jones: Consider. The natives of

invariable practice in Mormon scripnorth Saba, way down there at the south tures) is the exact Egyptian equivalent Dick:—so the only one left must end of Arabia, worshiped a goddess

of the Hebrew Mi-, so that Mamackr- belong to the south. lagouth; and where do you think she

rah would mean "Who is the upholder Mr. Jones: With a tipoff like that, came from? Heliopolis!

of Rah?"or the like—a very appropriwe are naturally prejudiced, so we Dick: We might have known.

ate title for an idol whose worshipers should proceed with care. Our last Mr. Jones: In fact, she was simply a

were doing everything they could to canopic. Figure 8, is the humanheaded local form of the Egyptian lady Hathor,

equate and associate the gods of Imset, who in the Egyptian system "the regent of Heliopolis,"worshiped

Canaan and Egypt. But here is another stood for the south. All that remains not only in Saba but also in Punt.''

possibility. Among the "Old Canaanite to test in the Book of Abraham is his But the interesting thing is that her

Names"found in Egyptian is ma'gar, name, which is given as Korash or worshipers were known as "the people plus a vowel ending, transposed into Koash. of Koraish"and also as the BeniCaiianite as Maq'arah, meaning "place Jane: Which is it? Qananee or Sons of Canaan. Back

of buming."'Since Abraham was Mr. Jones: The different spellings home at Heliopolis the lady went by

known anciently as "he who escaped given to proper names in the Book of the name of Wadjit, which was semitthe burning,"Mahmackrah could be Abraham are plainly an effort to apicized into Ozza, under which title she the local deity of the place of sacriproximate their sounds. As might be turns up as "one of the principal idols

fice. Though "no precise geographical expected, it is especially the -r- that of the Qoreish"in Mekkah.

location is provided"for some of Abracauses trouble: Elkenah appears as Dick: Which puts her in the south

ham's most important experiences,-'"'Elkkener, and Korash as Koash, also again. But weren't the Qoraish the

a good deal is being written today (as Jershon as Jurshon and Potiphar as tribe of Mohammed, and didn't they we shall see) about his many conPotipher-your -r- is a great troublecome much later?

frontations with local gods in Canaan. maker in ancient as well as in modem Mr. Jones: Well, A. B. Kamal beHere is the idolatrous god of Bethshan languages. * If you ask me which of lieved that even the religion of the

who is called Mkl-'a, "the great god."i3o the forms is correct, I unhesitatingly classical Qoreish was strongly influThe first element in his name, Mkl-, is answer—they all are! Anybody who enced by Heliopolis. He sees a conCanaanite, but the second, -'a, is Egypknows anything about Arabic also nection in the tradition that an

tian; the first refers to the Canaanite knows that you can't insist dogmaticalancestor of Mohammed "converted the

god Mkl, whose name, according to ly on one official pronunciation for tribe of Khozaa and the Himyarites

L. H. Vincent, means "he who is any single word—and it has always [an early desert kingdom] to the worable,""the Omnipotent,"while the been that way in the East. Here is an ship of Sirius,"which they called

second is the Egyptian word for great EgyptianCanaanite deity whose name Sh'ri, the middle sound being somepractically the same thing; so that the can be read as Qesrt, Qeserti, Qsdt, thing between a deep guttural and a

that that is cough. combination and remember You may Chrysor—and

re- "Sirius Shagreel, But is god,"meaning what does Koash was figure indeed—Mklgives usthea veryMighty,powerful"the typical.Kousor, god of power."Incidentally, since mind you of—a Bible land far to the worshiped'by the people who tried to

Semitic -I- is regularly written as an south of everything? sacrifice Abraham.*"As to the Qoreish

-r- in the Egyptian renderings, the Jane: The Land of Cush? coming later, the name is the diminuEgyptian form of this name would be Mr. Jones: Of course. The most suctive of an older Korash; as you know,

Mkr-'a.i32 cinct essay on Cush is in the Neix> the Jews held the Persian Koresh

Dick: And since mais Egyptian too, Standard Jewish Encyclopedia (1966), (Cyrus) in great esteem,* but there

Mahmackr-rah would be the full p. 515, which defines Cush as "Region was another, Kharush, a legendary king

name, I suppose. "Who is mighty like S of Egypt""(Nubia, Ethiopia) in Heof Babylon, who destroyed Jerusalem:

Re,"or "How mighty is Rah"or somebrew and other ancient languages. It his name is interesting because it is the

thing like that. extended "S from Elephantine and reverse of Koraish, and means "big bad

Mr. Jones: We must be careful not Syene (Aswan)."It has also been Korash."*2 Finally, a tradition preto go overboard—it is all too easy. But identified with southern Arabia and served by the Arabic writers designates

I do think it is in order to point out even India. The names of the four by the name of Korash the father or

that the welldocumented name Mkl-'a brothers, Mizraim, Punt, Canaan, and grandfather of the very king who tried (Mkrah) exactly parallels Elkenah: Cush certainly remind us of the dito put Abraham to death.* The root

in each case the name of a Canaanite vision of the world into four regions. k-r-sh can be tied to a great number of

88 Improvement Era meanings, but as a proper name it is ing ever to the pole of the universe about their cults. 'The one thing that

peculiarly at home in the south and the most important object in the cosbrings them together in a sort of order tied to the worship of the most immos. Yet there was nothing there! is "the dogmatic position of the Egypportant Egyptian goddess. Since the Jane: Why not? tian King as overlord of the Syrosouth is the only direction we have left, Mr. Jones: Because in the days when Palestinian area."'And that is the

and the humanheaded canopic jar does the Egyptians first took their bearings situation we find in the explanation stand for the south, we may as well let on the universe there was no North to Facsimile No. 1, where everything

it stand there for the present. RememStar such as we know it today—there eventually comes back to Pharaoh,

ber—we are not settling but raising was just empty space, as far as mortal and where "the idolatrous god of

questions, not shutting but opening eye could see, and that just at the point Pharaoh"(and we have seen that the doors. There are plenty of doors that where all things come together and crocodile was just that) takes his place

need to be looked into. around which all things move as among the Egyptianized gods of

Dick: But what about the next figure, around the throne of God. The idea Canaan. This is a reminder that our

number 9, "the idolatrous god of of the complete absorption of the Four lioncouch papyrus is a political as

Pharaoh"? Doesn't he sort of spoil the in the One is most often expressed by well as a religious document, and infour brothers act? the symbol of the fourheaded ram deed the ancients never separated the

Mr. Jones: On the contrary, he is insitting in the middle of the cosmic two departments, least of all the Egypdispensable to it. In the "quadricircle (we will get to that when, if tians. This point is brought home with

lateral"geographical patterns of the ever, we talk about Facsimile No. 2!); great force if we closely examine the

Egyptians, Maspero observed, "we find the "four heads on a single neck"show next figure in the papyrus, which is the four cardinal points who with the that the Four by uniting create a percreator form the Five."That is why fect unity, a single individual to whom Figure 10. Abraham in Egypt:

the primal Ogdoad of Heliopolis, comin turn they owe their own identity;

prised of the four gods of the universe they are thus the four great gods imitDick: If that's Abraham, I'm Julius

with their wives, ends up as an Ening to create the universe (the ramCaesar.

nead, an odd number—they have to headed god is always the Creator), Mr. Jones: Hail Caesar! Haven't you

have one president at their head, and and also to recreate Osiris by giving learned yet that the Egyptians have he makes it nine.* him eternal life.* They bring completheir own special ways of indicating

Dick: Why do they have to have just tion and perfection to the ha of Osiris things? Notice how this same design is

one at their head? when they all meet together to pool identified in Figure 3 of Facsimile No.

Mr. Jones: Because he is the One in their natures and their powers. The 3: "Signifies Abraham in Egypt."It

the Center, and the center, which is a idea is compellingly expressed in the is not a portrait but a symbol, pure and perfect and invisible point and the pole pyramid and obelisk, which designate simple. In all symbolism there are

of everything, can only be one. Profes- "dominion over the four quarters of varying degrees of realistic representasor Posener notes that to the four the world and the zenith,"the zenith tion, ranging from near portraits to

directions is added "the center of the being the point on top at which four pure abstraction. The Egyptian could

earth, hryib ta"so that we sometimes planes, lines, and solids all come to a give a reader a pretty good idea of o read of the "five parts"of the world single point. Now to the Egyptians, man on an altar; but how would he

instead of four.* Sethe has discussed who on earth is the One in the Center, indicate a particular individual and no

the psychological reason for this: No in whom the life of the race is concenother on a particular altar in a particumatter where you are, there are always trated and by whom it is sustained? lar country? For that he would either

four main directions—from where? I'll give you a hint: The sarcophagus have to accompany his drawing by an

From you! You are the one in the of King Tutankhamon shows that explanatory text, as Abraham has done,

middle, and the four directions exist Egyptian kings were buried in four or else show everything symbolically, only by virtue of your awareness. 'coffins, one within the other.'"Also, which has been done in this case with

Indeed, Friedrich Ratsel began his the Pharaoh sat on a fourfold throne, considerable clarity and economy.

epochmaking geography with the stateand the Pyramid Texts describe the Dick: I don't see it—Abraham in

ment, "Every man regards himself as Four Children of Geb having a feast Egypt!

the centerpoint of the universe around while in their midst sits "the king on Mr. Jones: Of course you don't. Even

him."The Egyptians were keenly his throne, incorruptible, unspoiled, an Egyptian would not see it unless

aware of this. In the Salt Papyrus, for unassailable."he had been initiated into the elements

example, we see the four houses of Dick: What has this to do with the of the symbolism involved, but I think

the world, the four gates, and the four idolatrous god of Pharaoh? most Egyptians would get the point of

cardinal points all arranged around a Mr. Jones: As everyone knows, the the lotus. When the Egyptologists of

fifth sign in the middle, the ankh Egyptians carried their cosmic imagery 1912 explained that the odd things sign of life, signifying the presence over into the affairs of earthly governcalled "Abraham in Egypt"were in the center of the HiddenOne, Greatment—or vice versa. Whereas in merely "an offering table covered with

One, UnknownOne, UnseenOne, Canaan, as Stadelmann has shown, lotus flowers,"they considered their

Amon the Father of All Life."In there was "no fixed and established job done—as if that explained every-

"the Ideal House of Life,"according to 'Canaanite religion'"common to all thing."

the Egyptians, the four houses surround the regions under Egypt, there was a Dick: As if Joseph Smith couldn't

"the hidden one who rests within... single centralized Egyptian cult, cenrecognize the flowers too.

the Great God.... It shall be very tering in Pharaoh.'* The gods of Syria Jane: He said it was a symbol, didn't

hidden, very large. It shall not be and Palestine are extremely hard to he?

known, nor shall it be seen.""* study, he says, because their relations Mr. Jones: The experts who brushed

Dick: What's it all about? to each other are "constantly changing the thing aside so easily seem to have

Mr. Jones: A basic reality of existence. from time to time and from place to been completely unaware of the vast

The Four Sons of Horus, as you know, place,""and though we know of their richness and variety of the lotus symwere the stars of the Big Dipper, pointexistence, we know almost nothing bol in Egypt. No subject has been the

September 1969 89 object of more study and publication tained that the papyrus of Upper Egypt both lotuses. ''

since 1912 than the meaning of the is a lotus and the lotus of Lower Egypt Dick: So the lotus can stand for both

lotus to the Egyptians, and the very a papyrus, some that both flowers are the land of Egypt and dead people.

latest study, that of Peter Munro, conlotuses, others that both are papyruses Mr. Jones: That isn't even tlae begincludes with the declaration that the—and this confusion seems to go right ning of it. We seem to have a whole

many identifications of the lotus with back to the Egyptian artists themselves language of the lotus. Recently Prothis and that "are still imperfectly and who "constantly and deliberately interfessors Morenz and Schubert wrote a

only tentatively understood,"and that changed lotus and papyrus. "2 gt book about it, and concluded that the

we do not yet know how or when or whatever their botanical classification various interpretations of the Egyptian where the lotus came to be associated may be, these two flowers enjoy a lotus are in a state of hopeless confuwith so many different ideas and indiposition of unique importance in Egypt, sion today.''* And still more recently

viduals in the Egyptian mind. Our especially the lotus, which turns up Professor Anthes has made a whole list

job is to find out, if we can, what the everywhere in Egyptian art. of unanswered questions about the

particular lotus design in Facsimiles Jane: Then it's just a decoration. lotus. 'It is easy and pleasant to

1 and 3 represents, and it is not going Mr. Jones: Far from it! Though some speculate, and there can be no doubt

to be easy. Dr. Spalding's informants scholars have insisted that "there is no that there is something very fundawere also apparently unaware that Proserious religious or symbolic signifimental about the lotus. It is easy to see

fessor Jequier had at the time just made cance... no rebus or code in the use why, for example, the lotus and papy-

a special study of Egyptian lotus of the lotus in decoration,"the same rus always stood for Egypt in the minds symbolism and declared of this particuauthorities admit that apparently decoof the people, since "lotus and papyrus lar lotus arrangement; "Nobody... rative use of the lotus may often conwere essential constituents of this unhas given a satisfactory explanation of ceal a sort of hieroglyphic code.* "If changing significant 'landscape of the

this type of monument.""The work we know the value of these symbols,"first time,'"as H. Frankfort puts it.*

still remains to be done, but at least wrote De Rochemonteix long ago, And because the lotus growing wild we can find out what possible inter- "these ideograms, we can discover the "afforded ordinary food for the poor,"pretations of the symbol an Egyptian dogmatic sense pursued by the deit represents the prodigal lifegiving would find acceptable. signer... his piling up of emblems abundance of the land.''Also, the

To begin with, in both Papyrus No. which at first sight simply astonished first life that appeared from the pri-

1 and Facsimile No. 3 we see an open us."'Thus the lotusand-stand commordial waters of chaos was the lotus,

lotus with buds above and below it bination in the tomb of Seti I "has emerging pure and white at Heliopolis arching over a small stand with a fat adapted itself completely to the pattern out of the primordial ooze of the "first little pitcher on it. In Papyrus No. 1 of written symbols,"as if it was trying land."'That is why at On the lotus

the stand is flanked by two thin jars to tell us something,"'and the same went by the special name of Nefertem, which are missing in Facsimile No. 3, design in tombs of the Pyramid Age the god "who represents the universe,

and since the two drawings are given may "represent the titles of the dead who was before life existed and who the identical interpretation, our attenwritten in a specialized way,"accordwill be when life has vanished...,"

tioncommon—theis drawn lotusto whatand thetheybuds.haveNowin ingDick:to I.E.S.So ourEdwards.lotus and stand may be* holdsas Anthesthe putssecretit.''of Itlifeis thespringinglotus thatup

this lotus combination is common trying to tell us something special after spontaneously, apparently out of nothenough in coronation and court scenes, all. ing; during the long ages of desolation

so it is quite at home in Facsimile No. Mr. Jones: It is the monopoly of a when only the empty waters existed,

3, but so far as I know this is the particular lotus that makes one susthe seed of life slept in the lotus, ready only lioncouch scene adorned by the picious. If all the Egyptians cared to come forth on the First Day: "Withpresence of a lotusstand. That in itabout was their decorative effect, what in the lotus was Re,"the sun, waiting

self should be enough to make Egypabout all the other equally beautiful to be born as Khepri, according to a tologists sit up and ask whether there flowers they ignore? How is it that hymn from Edfu: "The Sleeper shall

might not be something special to this hieroglyphic flowers are almost excluawake when the light comes forth picture after all. If you will step into sively lotuses?"''That only the blue from it...."Hence the idea that

our Opet shrine, you will notice that and white lotuses are represented, all life finds earnest of the resurrection there are no lotuses in the lioncouch though the rosy lotus was more decorain the miracle of the lotus. The

scene. But look around you at the tive and more popular? That the king is described in the Pyramid Texts

other walls—what do you see? lotuses, instead of being depicted in the as being "in the lotus"at the moment

Jane: Lotuses ever)where! freeand-easy manner of the Egyptian he awakes from the sleep of death.-

Mr. Jones: So conspicuous, in fact, artists, are almost always drawn after As Anthes puts it, "the lotus at Re's

that Professor Rochemonteix concluded "a very rigid pattern"?i*'That other nose gives him life for his daily jourthat the lotus must somehow express plants never appear to compete with ney; this refers to the first day of the

the basic idea of the Osiris cult as the lotus in heraldic contexts?'''"Primal Time, when the Primal Lotus

celebrated at this place. He even goes Jane: What are heraldic contexts? gave the sun the power to live and

so far as to declare that "the lotus and Mr. Jones: When the lotus appears as create."You can readily see why

the papyrus are the emblems par excelsomebody's coat of arms. "The lotus is the lotus gets a big play in funerary

lence of Egyptian religion, exactly as the flower of Egypt par excellence,"scenes.

the crescent is for the Moslems, and the wrote A. Grenfell; "also it is the symJane: Like lilies today.

cross for the Christians,"the symbolism bol of Lower Egypt.... the lotus is Mr. Jones: Botanically the Egyptian

being by no means confined to funerary the typical 'arms'of Egypt. "'On the lotus was a real lily.* And since Re

situations.* other hand, in the earliest times it and the king and Osiris were restored

Dick: Lotus and papyrus? would seem that the lotus stood for by the power of the lotus, so it was

Mr. Jones: The exact identification of Upper Egypt and the papyrus for believed that everybody might enjoy

these flowers has been the subject of Lower Egypt,'- though Maspero and the same privilege. But the funeral

endless discussion. Some have main- A. Moret held that the plants were lotus is only part of the picture. In the

90 Improvement Era their lotus study,latest Peter in the by shows marshes Munro common home in identified lotus frontier being of the northeastern with of Egypt, The lotus Rehow the is also the highest god, AtumRe at where they both guarded the land as of againstHcliopolis; the Asiatics Father of the and marauding how 1 as a Osiris; also his Facsimile No.the living king be he must lion Nefertem and desert. The

and how as a living king he must also companion, or double Myesis, both father Horus; son in a lotusflower,"be "worshipped and and how were symbol for Abraham at in the "fuse RcHarachteand northeastern extreme comhome on the

posite form of Nefertem."* This borderlands, the home of Sopdu, right

Nefertem seems to be the key to the up against Arabia. "'You will recall can be well

whole business; a lot of studies have that the great fortress there was called

been written about him, one emphasizthe Dwelling of the Lion, and stood ing one aspect of his nature and another amidst the shallow lotusfilled lakes documented, claims another. Nefertem is the king at Hcliopthat along with the crocodiles and the

olis, represented as a lotus and emlions of the surrounding deserts effecbodied as a lion. tively discouraged unauthorized entry the author

Dick: Lotus and lion? and exit. Right down to the time of

Mr. Jones: You will notice that the the Caesars it was one of the main

guardian lion with the big knife alduties of Pharaoh to protect this allways has a huge lotus on his head or important gateway, and it was the behind his back—we shall soon see custom to "venerate the protector of

why. As Nefertem, the king comes this frontier of the land.""'At nearby

down from heaven to rule among men, Heliopolis the king himself was Neferbearing the lotus sceptre that gives him tem, both lotus and lion, "the guardall power on earth and below earth.''ian"; "not only does the sight of him

But it is important to note that his make the mountains [that is, the lotus power is limited to his earthly Asiatics] to flee,"wrote Naville, "but kingdom alone—Nefertem is "the rephe is the protector of the other divinichecked at the border and that their

resentative of purely earthly Kingship,"ties.""''His speciality is terrifying every move was watched while they

as Anthes puts it.'''The Pharaoh sits wouldbe invaders from the East, in were in Egypt.-"E. A. Speiser has

on a throne on which the intertwined which capacity he is also identified spoken of a "societal curtain that lotus and papyrus shows his rule over with the other liongod Myesis, who separated Egypt and Mesopotamia, call it also also lotus curtain, the Lands,"the their stems inscription the lotus. wears if you Two '"An will"—he

tells too Asiatic prisoners perceived lotus. -'turnsbinding himself and African into a of the the symbol how Horus

back to back, showing that foreign lion to drive the enemies of Egypt out Dick: But why did the Egyptians let

lands are also brought under the beneof Heliopolis and back to the lionthe Asiatics in at all? Couldn't they

ficent sway of Pharaoh."On the same house on the border.-""Seth, the archkeep them out?

throne designs you will see the king type of the wicked rebel and invader Mr. Jones: They not only didn't keep

himself depicted as a lion treading on from the north and east, is stopped cold them out—they actually offered them

his foreign enemies."The lotus and at the border by the lotus "Nefertem, protection. Therein I think we can see

lion are constantly found together in who emerged from the primordial the unique greatness of Egypt. Only

such contexts because they perform the waters... who turned back Seth, who recently Professor Montet pointed out

same two functions, one protective, the opposed the foreign countries when that the Egyptians, contrary to what other aggressive. the heaven was overcast and the earth we have been taught to think, were

Jane: Lotuses attack people? wrapped in mists."-"'really great travelers and, what is even

Mr. Jones: Yes, but first of all they Dick: I can understand why a lion more surprising, that the two main

protect them. The gift of a lotus is would chase strangers, but why a lotus? duties of Pharaoh were (1) to keep the

often accompanied by the hieroglyphic Mr. Jones: Professor Kees found that movements of the Asiatics into and

symbols for protection. "In the broadodd too, and suggested that it might within Egypt under strict control, and

est sense Nefertem, the lotuslion, "probe because a lotus stem will cut the (2) to protect Egyptian travelers, mistects the individual against anyone who fingers of anybody who tries to pull it sionaries, merchants, and artisans might do him harm.""- That is why up.'-"- But whatever the reason for it, abroad.-"'Now the concern for the

the lotussign was put by the Egyptfiis hostility brings the lotus, accordhelpless in a strange place is the spetiansprotect—onon everythingutensils, theyclothes,wantedhouses,to shiping to tohim,theintoguardiana "syncretisticdeitiesrelationof the cialreliefsconcernthe dead,of Nefertem:newly arrivedin funeraryin the

"on their dresses, furniture, chairs, eastern Delta [Sopdu], who make him Netherworld, are drawn without arms, boats, fans,"while in the tomb of the too a frontier guard. ""It is obvious to show their condition of utter helpdead the lotussign was used "as a that the lotus is more "symbolic"than lessness in a strange and frightening

talisman assuring... an effective prothe fierce lion, but it plays an equally world. While they are in that conditection against its enemies.""The conspicuous role in the guarding of the tion, Nefertem comes to their rescue,

power of the lotus, though formidable, northeast frontier. To the people in puts his arms around them, and finally

is ever benign and protective in nature, the hungry lands to the east, Egypt was gives them a new set of arms, saying, as might be expected from its lifesomething special: it was their last "There now, you have become whole

giving power.* chance when they were starving, but and complete, now you have your

Dick: But you said it was aggressive. while they were there they hated the arms!"meaning, as Professor Naville

Mr. Jones: Whenever you see a big place and yearned to get back to their put it, that the dead person "is now a

lion with a knife, you can be almost old bangup life in the desert.-"'They complete person who has been ensure of seeing a huge lotus on its head were a dangerous lot, and the Egyptian tirely reconstituted. He lacked arms,

or back."- The connection is explained records show that they were carefully but the gods of the East have given him

September 1969 91 theirs."-o8 and vulgar they got, the bouquets alJane: Some nerve!

lotus as are the of the East? gods the centerpiece. Mr. Jones: Jane: giving ways had a Not at An Who

in inscription the other Mr. Jones: the than two honor where the all—justdue. In None honor was of Amenemhab Tomb

lions Nefertem and Myesis, with their says of a lotusbearer, "He comes as Temple of Seti I the king himself is huge lotuscrowns. The concern for one welcome, bringing the life [?] greeted by a lady wearing a magnifistrangers is very significant, for in of Amon,"to which his host replies, cent lotus crown who identifies herself

many scenes and inscriptions the lotus "To thy person the symbol of life [?] as the hostess when she hails his

stands for both guest and host. The of Amon, who is pleased with thee, majesty with "Welcome! Welcome!"225

lotusgod Harsotmus is called "a guest who loves thee and admits thee."- In putting their arms around the armin Denderah,"-"''and if you were inHere the word for "admit"is s.wah-k, less and defenseless stranger, the two

vited to a party in Egypt, especially at meaning to make a place for a person, lotuslions of the East were, according the royal palace, etiquette would relike the Arabic Marhahan—welcome to to Professor Naville, simply performing

quire you to bring a lotus with you the party! the office of the Lady, "the Protectand present it to your host. There is a Dick: So the lotus is really a sort of ress."I think it is significant that

regular formula for "coming with a ticket then. we find the same sort of lotushostess

bouquet of Amon, Lord of the Thrones Mr. Jones: Yes, like the tesserae hosin archaic Greece as well as in Palesof the Two Lands in Karnak, after dopitales of the Greeks and Romans. tine: "It was said of the lotuscrowned

ing all that is commended,"and a proEvery guest brings a token for his host goddess of the Corinthian mysterper way to address one's host: "To thy and receives one in return—often the ies.... Her service is perfect freeKa, 'happy king, Lord of the Two identical gift!- Thus the Egyptian dom, and, indeed, her habit [was]...

Lands, whom Re loves, a bouquet of brought a lotus to Pharaoh as "a sign always to grant or withhold her favors thy father Amon.... Mayest thou reof submission and love,"which lotus according as her guests... came to

main on the throne of the living Horus he professed to have received from the her with exactly the right gifts in their all forever.''-"is plainly father giver of the a king's This Amon, choice, not like Re of their own hands—gifts

itself.''life blessings, throne, All Year's including gift for the which of her dictation."22'i'Robert Thus New

seemsidea—rememberto have beenthat thethe originlotus ofreprethe were"comingexpectedin peaceto tobringthat suchplace awheregift Gravesgift wouldreports,mostand pleasewe can "theguess lotuswhat

sents the birth of everything at the the king is."-''With the expansion of crowned goddess"! As a token of adcosmic New Year. Another formula is, empire, Amon became the god of all mission, the lotus is a sort of certificate,

"Coming in peace with a bouquet of the lands under Egyptian sway, and without which no one is admitted to

Amon with the compliments of his the Egyptian lotus is as conspicuous in "the region of truth."228

beloved son,"this being followed not throne scenes from Palestine and Syria Dick: I suppose that everything you

by the name of Horus, as you might as it is in Egypt itself. Indeed, the have said has some sort of reference to

expect, but by the name of the donor."object of Morenz's and Schubert's coAbraham, but it would sure help if

When the king appears in a reception operative study is to trace the spreadyou would sort of pull things together on the throne, people bring him their ing of the royal lotus motif from Egypt for us.

Amonbouquets with wishes for "a all over the Old World. Among the Mr. Jones: I'll try, but we still have

happy lifetime in the royal dwellJoseph Smith Papyrus is one very fine nothing to work with but a lot of jjg "211 ii Q a birthday as well as a picture of the four Sons of Horus, the loose ends, or rather "an inextricable

New Year's gift. canopic figures, standing on an enortangle"(ein verworrener Knauel), as

Dick: But why should anybody have mous lotus before the king on his Professor Morenz puts it.o j Y)r.

to give lotuses to the king if they bethrone.21 Here the lotus represents all Anthes has concluded that such fundalonged to his father Amon in the first the regions of the earth brought under mental questions as whether the Primal

place? the sway of Egypt. Lotus was a prehistoric idea, whether

Mr. Jones: No idea was more familiar Dick: So Abraham would have it originated with Nefertem, how it

to the ancients than the pious truism 'known all about the lotus in Palestine. was related to the sun, in what form

that the god who receives the gifts of Mr. Jones: And so would everybody the sun originally emerged from the

the earth as offerings is after all the else. On scarabs of the First Interlotus, etc., are "insoluble/'o But still

real source of those same offerings. An mediate period (to which Abraham is the very richness and variety of Egypinscription has the king bring a lotus commonly assigned) we see the nontian lotus symbolism gives us hope

to Horus, "who himself arose from the Egyptian Hathor, the type of the lady since we are not closing but opening lotus,"and Ramesside steles show Qudshu, the hierodule and hostess to doors. We must realize, as Morenz

people bringing lotuses to a queen who all the world, bearing the lotus as her reminds us, that nothing expresses more is already holding a lotus and stands special insignium.- Later she is repcompletely than the lotus "the astoncompletely decked and surrounded with resented standing on a lion with a ishingly extensive possibility of assolotuses l'bunch of lotuses in her hand;'she ciation of ideas which the Egyptian

Jane: But would you have to bring a rides her lion when she visits Min possessed. "- So nothing could be more

lotus to the party—couldn't you bring (Amon) in Egypt too, and she wears rash or foolish than to insist that a

something else? the Hathor wig, but for all that, aclotus in a particular picture cannot

Mr. Jones: No—it is always a lotus, cording to Stadelmann, she is still "a possibly be one thing because it hapand that shows clearly that it is a Near Eastern and unegyptian"figure.- pens to symbolize something else.

ritual and symbolic thing. Naturally But we also have the hospitable lotusNow of one thing there is no doubt

the people who got invited to court, queen in Egypt: the cowhead of the at all, and that is that the lotus is the

high nobility and officials for the most lady Hathor is always seen emerging symbol of the land of Egypt, in particupart, vied with each other in the splenfrom a lotus stand of capital, and lar Lower Egypt, where Abraham was dor of their offerings and flatteries, people who brought lotuses to the party visiting. Also, the lotus is the emuntil in the 18th Dynasty the Amonwould describe them as gathered by bodiment of Pharaoh as the ruling

bouquets finally got too big to the queen's own hand in her own power of Egypt, a beneficent and hoshandle. But no matter how showy garden.224 pitable power. Characteristic of the

92 Improvement Era lotus is that it is most at home in situin alien and hostile countries and The Prophet'sations of hospitality, where it represents courts? Who but Abraham the Wanboth guest and host. In both capacities derer? In the very early JudaeoChris-

it can represent individuals, including tian Hymns of Thomas the righteous identification o.f Figure 11

foreigners in Egypt—a wall painting man in the world is compared with a

from an 18th Dynasty tomb shows a king's son spending a dangerous soSyrian bringing a magnificent lotus journ in "the Land of Egypt,"as "pillars of heaven"offering to Pharaoh, just as any good following the ancient and established

Egyptian would.--''- According to Joseph prototype of "Abraham in Egypt."

Smith, the lotus in Figure 10 represents Abraham is qualified if anyone is for is fortified by two entities and specifices their relathat distinguished company of wantionship: It is "Abraham in Egypt,"dering inspired teachers whose symbol

Abraham as guest, and Egypt as host. is the lotus, and so I don't know just Dr. Nibley

We can refine the image by bringing how surprised we should be to find a in a good deal of interesting and relenineteenth-century prophet designattrance to a tomb or palace—a rectanguvant data—the special function of the ing the lotus as the symbol of "Abralar door flanked by massive supports

lotus in protecting strangers, the lotus ham in Egypt."sometimes extended into towers on each

as the stamp of official protection and Dick: Here are some more fancy side, usually with a big hawk perched

safe conduct (a sort of visa, as it were), abstractions right above the gate between the pilthe lotus as the mark of the frontier lars. H. Balcz has collected over a

control station through which Abraham Facsimile No. 1, Figure IJ. Designed dozen different types for comparison;

would have to pass (that customs house to represent the pillars of heaven, as to him the structure suggests a fortress is the scene of an important Abraham understood by the Egyptians.—"Wehrbau."- But he has no doubt

legend), the oddity of the lotus in this that the central panel is always a particular scene. Mr. Jones: How could anyone posdoor.2 The label shhttawi, "Gate of

Dick: Odd is right. The welcome sibly make it clearer that this is the Two Lands,"shows that the door

guest is being murdered. supposed to be not a picture but a was identified with the palace gate,

Mr. Jones: All the more welcome for representation, with a meaning ascribed though high officials were sometimes

that. Remember, it was considered the arbitrarily and culturally? Long ago allowed by special courtesy to employ

highest honor to substitute for the Deveria condemned Joseph Smith for the motif in their own tombs. - The

Pharaoh in any operation. Incidengiving any interpretation at all to the same design was employed in the tomb

tally, the little spouted jug on the tall pillars, which he calls a "characteristic as in the palace, especially in the stand is, according to S. Schott, an ointornament in Egyptian art, having no earliest dynasties, and Balcz maintains

ment jar for the use of honored known significance."-*'that the false door of an Old Kingdom

guests. 23 You must admit this is a Dick: "Nothing at all; yet all that is tomb was really a niche "to which the

strange place to find one, and I can't I see."significance of a passage for the dead

think of a better explanation than the Jane: Hamlet. was attributed."-* The earliest steles,

one given. But along with all the Dick: No, Gertrude. When will they which were certainly not houses, also

details, there is a broader symbolism learn? have the same false door and panel

to the lotus that I think would have Mr. Jones: If we want to know design,-* which is also repeated on the

been widely recognized almost anywhether Professor Deveria really saw sides of wooden coffins, where we where in the ancient world; it is the everything, we've got to do a little seefind the same vertical lines with empty

subject of Morenz's and Schubert's fasing ourselves. Let's find out how this spaces in between, designated by the

cinating little book—the wandering of particular ornament is used by the experts as "pillars"with "false doors"

the lotus. Those two scholars have Egyptians. between them.* Arid the same motif

combined their formidable specialties Dick: What an ornament! is used to decorate the sides of boxes

to show how the lotus symbol spread Mr. Jones: I'm afraid the successive and chests designed to hold any

from Egypt throughout the Old World. engravers of Facsimile No. 1 have done precious objects.-**

In one important context the lotus us all a disservice by turning the "gates Dick: Is the idea always the same?

marks the trail of the righteous man, of heaven"into a meaningless and unMr. Jones: We cannot say until we

the messenger of truth, bearing his tidy jumble of verticle lines arbitrarily know what the idea was. Professor

light into dark and dangerous places: and irregularly connected by crude Balcz reaches the sensible conclusion

the lotus was identified with Hercules horizontal strokes. But the original that the false door on funerary objects

as the wandering benefactor of manpapyrus is a different storj': it shows us must represent "a passage for the

kind, the perennial stranger and ten clearly drawn gates or a series of dead. "25 But a much later study conguest;-* it sprang up in the footsteps pylons. If we are looking for parallels, cludes that we still do not understand

of the Bodhisattva when he went forth we don't have to go far—Egyptian art the undoubtedly religious significance

to bring light into a benighted world; is full of them. The characteristic of of "such a curious architectural phethe "God of Wisdom"held the lotus the earliest royal tombs is the decoranomenon."-*"While some maintained

in his hand as he rode on his lion into tion of their outer surfaces with what is that the peculiar structure of the

China to take the shining truth to the called the "palace facade"style of palacefacade style was the result of ends of the earth. recessed panelling—a long line of building in brick, others held that the

]ane: Lotus and lion again! imitation doors flanked by square pildesign was imported into both Egypt

Mr. Jones: Which is certainly a broad lars. The structure is abundantly illusand Mesopotamia from northern Syria,

hint as to the Egyptian origin of the trated on the earliest seals, showing the where they built in wood.-*'And while

business. But let me ask you, who is elaborate palacegate or "serekh"desome suggested that all the vertical rills

the archtype of the righteous man, the sign.-"were for drainage, others pointed out

bearer of revelation and preacher of Jane: What's a serekh? that there was no need for drainage in

righteousness, the courageous stranger Mr. Jones: The picture of the enUpper Egypt, and that the pylons and

September 1969 93 pillars must therefore have a special number that strongly supports the another has six.-

significance."This is indicated by the heavenly nature of the pylons. Mr. Jones: And what about the

fact that in Mesopotamia this particuMr. Jones (miffed): What makes you others?

lar building style, which closely say that? Dick: Some of them are multiples of

resembles the Egyptian structures of Dick: I bought Professor Emery's ten, I'll admit. One has ten doors, if

the Thinite and Predynastic periods, paperback on Archaic Egypt at the you count the halfdoors, and there is employed only in temples.-*"Surentrance of the museum, and I too are two with 30 panels and one with

veying the phenomenon throughout the have been counting doors or windows. 40.- Interestingly enough, of all the

whole ancient East, Stuart Piggott Of the 18 archaic tombs depicted in the tombs there are only two that do not writes: "An essential part of the temple book, nine have 24 niches each and have pylons that are multiples of 10

decor was an elaborate system of niches one has 12,-''- and one and possibly or 12, and they have 38 and 22 doors. ''

and reveals which appears to have been a mark of religious as opposed to {To he continued) secular architecture.""In Egypt

whether the false door of the palace facade is "the gate of the house of the dead,"as Balcz calls it, or the door of the divine residence, as Borchardt called it, it is always a passageway into another world, a sacred ceremonial gate of heaven or the underworld. -'FOOTNOTES

Dick: the pillars? what about And

Mr. Jones: make the They gates, of Fremdwocrter'i""M. Burchardt,u. EigennamenDie altkanaanaeischenun Aegyptischen in i"E.the Br.A. Mus.W. Budge,(1923),Egyptianp. 20. Hieratic Papyri

(Leipzig, 1909f), 'A. in JnlEg. n, 73, Arch., Vol. 32; 209c. Gardiner, pp. 71, 24course. like other Egyptians, The

-"Egyptian for Semitic and names III,Lebanon (1938), pillars of talkpeople, the four of are in discussed S. Serv., Ronzevalle, d'Egypte, Chron. Ann. by ""C. 32:31; Depp. Wit,16769.in

26164. 17 (1917), Papyrus E. A. 240. Budge, At of Ani, W. pillar, Vol.heaven;-''- but also of one world

Beer, Abraham's, joins to B. p. 81. Lehenpp. the the sunnight 4 canopies towI, Re Irminsul,-''"like the ancient German iNum. joins 33:20f, Josh. 10:2932, boat; the day ramheaded them god by 39; 12:15;

etc. S. for Boats 2 Kings Solar 21:13; the purpose, Jer. 8:22; 52:1, Hassam, same 23:31; of inscription in as two,and from an

sExod. Press, etc. 1 Chron. p. (Cairo: 6:20, Govt. 117, 6:17; Khafra of 1946), at of thatthe Philae Hathor i-'H. Temple in Ztschr., Kees, Aeg. Vol. 38b. 71 (1935), fig.

". 155. p. "soul,"as 'Since as well ba "ram"means assays, is fixed the even heaven

''"'"'H. der idea, Bnagsch, expression the Geographic of the normal Nachharldnder ram was."-*

.. is, its pillars.upon. two. That cit., Mitt, (Leipzig, in Aegyptens op. Wit, Thausing, 9091. 30. p. G. pp. 1858), theDe

in Inst, Kairo, Dt. d. 54, 'Honigmann, Vol. PaulyWissowa, Realenzy- 8 zu pp. (1939),there

klopaedie, 13:l:150f. the identifies of with Horus 4 Children the 60,

in stars -""A. Epstein, glorious Rev. the of the Dipper, 4 Etudes Juives, 4 Vol. 24of heaven—sometimesis no fixed numbertheforfourthe arepillarsinAkhw

spirits, the apes the of 4 guardian Underworld, 1:11. p. 96; Gen. 10:13; 1 Chron. more.-''(1892), tocreased the Indeed, many

loc. cit., couples primal divine Honigmann, the elements, the Lane's Arabic 4 and 4 and Dicceiling repreof temple Egyptian an tionary. nine. the that make up

s'R. in iB. Couroyer, Orientalia, Vol. (Vintage Goddess Graves, White sky, Thesents 33 (1964), the the supportcolumns and

ing it, no matter how many, stand pp.Ibid.,443ff. p. 448. Books,-A. 1958),Piankoff,p. Shrines457. of Tutankhamon, pp.

isaBurchardt, op. 925. 21. 518, 41, pillars offor the heaven.* the Here

i29bR i-'Pyramid Texts, Clements, No. 576: 1510, and (Lon1515. One Abrahamcit., Nos. David of ofcoffin the 4th Prince MinKhaf Press, resurrected, iurified, don: "to to Heliopolis p. 24. be Scm 1967), came

to face,"face to deified, SyrischePalaestinen-iische the G. Stadeknann, all pillars behold god has of heavenDynasty

in Bibl. Gottheiten'''R. 62. Egyptol., Aegypten, Vol. p. in 378; Maspero, pp. 53, are "eight side therearound it; on each Ibid., is dis- "1 havecf. 1,125: p. 55; the 124, whole problem Coffin Text No. and 370,

vertical columns on the panels that cussed, pp. 5263. come as your fourth... to see Tnm, the fifth

15. Pyr. Text No. of of (Orion)"; p. the Sahu false doors"; in the sevenframe this "-'Zfoid.,i32'''Ranke, cit., of op. 4, 5. them, each and I, 444, Nos. has 264: "Tenenstars

. to. summoned. brings the those broadest sense, of In the "Asiatics"four summoned, the gods coffinas a neighboring tomb, in a from

the number of gates seems to be detheincludednorth thebeganislandsalreadyof thein Lowersea, S. EgyptSchott,andin comecf. P.T.andNo.tell139.their names to Re and Horus,"

termined by the space at the artist's Aeg. Ztschr., Vol. 95, pp. 58f. iR. Stadelmann, op. cit., p. 24.

disposal. 2''"If I were to choose a signifi- W.''CollatingL. Whipple,the Textualtexts in Changesthe originalin theEnglish,Book 'Ibid.,'Ihid., p.p. 26.146.

I 'Ihid., for the gates, think I of Abraham M.A. Thesis, (BYU, made 1959),cant number

tlie sensational discovery find both 'Neto Yorkp. 140.Times, Supplement, Dec. 29, that we five. of multiple pick somewould Korash, 1912. Elkcnah, Elkkener and Koash and

i=P. Ztschr., Potipher in Potiphar, Aeg. Vol. five? Mimro, and Abraham, and Dick: Abram 95 (1968), Why of

40. Zeptah Egyptus, Egyptus, and Egyptes and in the coffin of Well, Mr. Jones: 180G. in Jequier, Sphinx, 13 Nehor, Jurshon Vol. and Jershon, Nahor and Thum- p.

206. Thiimmin. There andPrince (1910), gates or niim there are 20 MinKhaf

loM. that in Bibl. doubting Egyptol., all these fonnsis wereno reasonused anfor p. de Rochemonteix,niches; here in a lioncouch scene from Vol. ciently. Trav., 17778, and Rec. 3, pp.

p. 76. five there gates serekh are in (1881),Abydos Vol. 3 under Leibovitch, Serv., Vol. Ann. 48

i-W. Mitt. in d. Inst. Kroenig, Kairo, Dt. 43544. pp. (1948),''J. in couch;""oldthe again our and in Vol. d'151. E. Drioton, Chron. p. that 5 (1934) "the has Arabians Chron. 21:16 2

Egypte, Vol. notes Seti 202f, see of thatfamiliar 10 the (1934), pp. god the tomb Ethiopians"invading near Judea. were I we The

Shu holding five such gates between problemS. V. Cush.is treated in the Jewish Encyclopedia, lotusglyphic.andK.papyrusAppelt, arein Mitt.also confusedd. Dt, Inst.in hieroKairo,

the arms of his Ka. In another lion- i-A. B. Kamal, in Rec. Trav., Vol. 24 Vol. 1 (1930), pp. 15357, gives a classificacouch scene, from the tomb of Puy- (1902),mbid.,p. p.23.24. tiontion isof alsoEgyptiantreatedlotuses.by G. BotanicalBenedite, identificain Acad.

emre, are ten such gates, and also a Ibid., p. 20. Inscr., Man. et Mem., Vol. 25 (1921-2), pp.

in 1-28, Jacquemin, Melanges and Maspero Era, M. 1:9; see "Abr. Improvement Marchchest a lioncouch under on which Bibl. (Vol. Egyptol.), 66 of 8284. On arc 1969, pp.

"gates. "-''tennine or esoteric of various in a later I,theii,lotus,799ff. symbols Here Vol. E. Na- *W. in Rev. Etudes Juives, 55 the Bacher,

ville, 1 in Rev. Ancien, Vol. de I'Egypte (1925), (1908), pp. 25163. arescene serekh patterns three sup31-44, 210253; to 2 attributed to a saying Jesus, VoL pp. "-According and pp. (1929),

gates. -ported All multisuch in R. Lepsius K. Sethe, Vol. 2 by 15 Patrologia Denkmdler, of Orientalis, 19: and 584f (No. 195

ples of five, you see. theiiH.early Schiitzinger,Arabic Logia).Urspning der AhrahamAncient(1904), Egypt,pp. 74ff,1917,andpp. W.1-20,D.andSpanton,1929, pp.in

Dick: That may be all right for the Nimrod Legenden, p. 139. 6573, who treats botanical types and decora-

i"G. uses. tive in Bibliotheque Egyptologique, Maspero,later period. old days But in the good Ztschr., in Aeg. Senk, Vol. 2, 367, 369. pp.

its recessed in paneling that there in was '-'H.7173, "G. conceding Goettinger Posener, Vol.may72be (1936),hiddenwhen Nachrichten, pp.

glory, there was a distant preference 1965,"'K. No.Sethe,2, p. 74.Gesch. der Eimhahamierung insignificanceAeg. Ztschr.,in variousVol. 68lotus(1932),designs.pp.J. 45f,J. Clere,and for multiples of 12 gates—a cosmic (Berlin Acad., Sitzber., 1934), p. 217. H. Schacfer, Von aegyptischer Ktinst, pp. 2 If

94 Improvement Era (from which we quote), both minimize the "With the lotus, Hathor bestows the symbol of Egypt, plus the 4 cardinal points, plus the latter, of the symbolism, importance though is almost never that the lotus 23, admits usedp. ofXX; protection,xxiii. Fig. G.79; Gayet,Iviii. AtTempleEdfu detheLuxour,lotusstaffPL symbolsmonster lotus.of theCf.TwoMem.,Lands,Miss.allArch.mountedFr., Vol.on 4a

as "pure ornament."W. Kroenig, op. cit., p. is presented to the queen with the words, "Pro- (188284), PL 38. The lotusdesign is common

154, suggests that since there is no decorative tection and lifegiving,"Miss. Arch. Fr., Mem., in the East representing a geographical map of

or logical explanation for the monopoly of lotus Vol. 30 (1943), Edfu, PI. 445; Vol. 29, PI. "the earth and its parts,"Morenz and Schubert,

and papyrus, it must have a hidden meaning 334, where the king says the same in presenting op. cit., p. 127, as well as a map of the whole

to a lotus ibid., us. a god. cosmos, escapes which

loE. Naville, -R. in Rev. de I'Eg. Anc, Vol. 1, in Rec. Trav., Vol. Stadelmann,p. 104. SyrtschPalaestinensische de Rochemonteix, "*M.

Gottheiten, 41. p. p. 24. p. 6 15; on the lady as hostess, p. 150. (1885),

loajbid., "''W. Kroenig, p. 44. 110. op. cit., p. 151. Ibid., p.

i'I. E. S. Edwards, in Jul. Eg. Arch., Vol. "*Some have maintained that the power of Ibid., pp. 11819. The Canaanitish Rashap

52 iii'L.(1966),Keimer,p. in182.Ann. Serv., Vol. 48 (1948), thethe lotussmell layof indeathits smell,and decaywhich andcounteractedtherefore is --Morenzalso accompaniedand Schubert,by a parasolDer orGottlotus,aufp. der64.

pp.i8K.96f.Appelt, op. cit., p. 157. demonstratedMorenz, discussedthe powerin Orientalischeto overcome Literaturdeath, S. Egyptol,Blume, p.Vol.34; 3,M.p. de172.Rochemonteix, in Bibl.

""L. Keimer, in Rev. de VEgypte Ancien, zeitung. Vol. 48 (1953), p. 348. Kees, Morenz, --*S. Schott, Das Schone Fest im WUstenthal,

Kees, H. p.Der248.Goctterglaube im alien Anthes,as a god andof perfume,others suggestR. Anthes,that Nefertemin Aeg. Ztschr.,began p. -A.56. M. Calverly, Temple of Sethos I, Vol.

Acgypten, p. 85. Vol. 80, pp. 81, 87. But as P. Munro notes, 2, PL 29.

i"A. Grenfell, in Rec. Trav., Vol. 32, p. 130. Aeg. Ztschr., Vol. 95, p. 37, Nefertem is far -E. Naville, in Rev. de I'Eg. Anc, Vol. 1,

I'So 39. than p. a Duftgott. Egyptian Other flowers more in Keimer, L. Aegyptus, Vol. 7 (1926),

2Tl. scent stronger have far 169f, than the the K. 175f; lotus, and Sethe, Urgeschichte Grave, The White Goddess, p. 539. pp. Aegyptens, p. 165; J. Capart, in Chron. d'Egypte, normal opposition to strong odors was not the 228S. Schott, op. cit., p. 92.

delicate fragrance of the -2Morenz the Schubert, lotus but Vol. powerful and 32 says the 22931, southern (1957), pp.

2a)R. incense. of burning plant in Anthes, Aeg. Ztschr., liliaceous can be plant, or influence "a a palm, op. VoLcit., 82p. 13.(1957),

6. i5A. Varille, Serv., in Vol. Ann. sometimes lotus."a 53 (1953), p.

"3G. Maspero, in Bihl. Egyptol., Vol. 28 p. 94, Figs. 4, 5, 6; U. Schweitzer, Loetue und iMorenz and Schubert, p. 42.

(1921), pp. 61f; A. Moret, Mysteres EgypSphinx, Taf. XV, Figs. 5, 6; R. T. R. Clark, H. Schaefer, Die Altaegyptischen Prunkgetiens,

"*S. p.Morenz166. and J. Schubert, Der Gott auf Mythpp. 66f,andholdsSymbolthe lotus(New toYork:be "theGrove,symbol1960),for fdsse2MS.(Leipzig,Schott, op.1903),cit., p.pp.13,67f.Abb. 26.

final of defeat the of sMorenz the Abyss."powers der Schubert, op. cit., Switzerland; Asiae, the (Ascona, and Artibus Blume pp. 39f.

iH. Reallexikon, Bonnet, 50810; I34f. p. 13. pp. Na233/bid., pp. 1954),i"=R. ville, op. cit.. Vol. 2T. Deveria, in Kees, 1, p. 36; Anthes, Ztschr., Vol. in Aeg. H. Bibliotheque in Aeg. Egyptologique, 82 (1957),

pp. 6, 1. Ztschr., Vol. 57 (1922), pp, 117f. VoL 4 (1896), p. 196.

I'H. Frankfort, Ancient Egyptian Religion, "V. Chapot, in Melanges Maspero, Vol. 2 "For lavish and easily available illustrations,

see p. so Emery, Archaic pp. 22531. 154; (1934), also S. Morenz W. B. (Pelican Books, Egypt and J. Schubert,

3'Naville, op. 16. Cf. in A. 1967). Aeg. Rusch, Vol. 58 op.i"W. JR. Anthes, 10124. B. Aeg.cit.. Ztschr.,Vol. 1, Vol.p. 39.82, p. 7, on Spanton, Egypt, in Ancient 1917, cit., D.p. (1923), Kemp,Ztschr., pp. Eg. in Jnl J.

p. 8. The idea is depicted in endless friezes the King as Nefertem at Heliopolis; cf. A. PianArch., VoL 52 (1966), pp. 1322.

from the walls of temples, showing lotuskoff, in Egyptian Religion, Vol. 1 (1933), pp. 238H. Balcz, in Mitt. d. Dt. Inst., Kairo, Vol. 1

crowned goddesses with huge breasts and bel100-2. The Sphinx of San is a mixture of the (1930), pp. 6061; on fortresses, 65ff.

lies moving among lotus and papyrus plants, Egyptian and the Asiatic lions, P. Montet, Le =Ji)td., p. 69.

e.g. Mem. Miss. Fr., XI:i, PI. xl. Drame d'Avaris, p. 64. Shu also is "the King's -L. Borchardt, in Aeg. Ztschr., Vol. 36

lion living in "the Naville, Ancien, "'E. Rev. and good companion"de VEgypte

off. keeps p. Vol. (enemies) away, wards 33;. who.."Atlas,(1898),III,p.p.99;136.H. Grapow, in W. Wreszinski, and Schubert, Morenz who 1 (1925),

op. cit., pp. 16, 46, noting the peculiarly water- K. Sethe, Zur Sage vom Sonnenauge (Leipzig, "Balcz, op. cit., p. 69. Egyptian variations

of repellent nature the lotus, keeps which free miraculously of mire p. 109. it 1912),tions thatp. they25. retreatNefertem... "confrontsguarding Sopdu,alien nathe onby A.the Rusch,recessedpanellingloc. cit. theme are illustrated and filth,

"OR. Anthes, in Aeg. Ztschr., Vol. 80 (1955), Lord of the Eastern Land,"according to a P. D. ScottMoncreiff, Hieroglyphic Texts

in Aegyptisches Lesebuch, 80. p. H. Kees, Stelae Egyptian (Br. hymn Pt. Mus., 1911),

isocited cit.. op. Vol. in 200V. Chapot, A. Chron. 2, p. 231. B. by E. cit. 2W. E. Reymond, op. Plates p. The13. from Emery, 24a-b, 25b;I.

is lion d'Egypte, often Vol. attacking represented Zippert, lotuscrowned espe- E. in See p. 62. 40 Archiv (1965), Orientforschung, fUr Vol. 7

rear, Asiatics the cially Ser, Schweitzer, from in U. Asiatique, XI, Journal A. Moret, Loewe p. 299. (1931),

in Sphinx, Vol. A. Piankoff, 502. Eg, und and p. Atlas, Wreszinski, Relig., 2"W. 9 (1917), I, 85b.

iiMoret, 103-5. cit.; Vol. 2*sBalcz, 1, loc. cit., Schubert, op. op. 70ff. pp. and Morenz pp.

cit., Ztschr., 92f. 201H. in of Kees, see Aeg. idea lotus cit. loc. the p. the basic 106, pp. Vol. 57, 2*N. 243

"selfcontainment,""selfcreation."=2H. Kees, Goetterglaube, p. 90. -'Balcz, loc. cit., and p. 86.

i82Moret, op. cit., pp. 507-8. It was said that mid., pp. 117f. M. Fillet, in Revue d'Egyptologie, Vol. 7

the soul of Osiris hid in a lotus awaiting the 2S. Hermann, in Aeg. Ztschr., Vol. 91 (1950), p. 139.

resurrection, M, de Rochemonteix, Bibl. (1964), p. 74. Balcz, p. 86.

Vol. Juives, in Rev. that 177f, Horus's Etudes des 51 Levy, Egyptol., Vol, Piggott, and Civilization pp. S. in The of Dawn

38ff, discussing lotusthe Anasrestored Papyrus eyes becoming (1906),'>I, two were3, pp. York: by McGrawHill, 86. p. (New 1961),

vi, tasi 14. in the Papyri VI, Bcatty cit., bulbs, Gardiner, Chester A. Balcz, op. Borchardt, op, cit., p. 69;

2o*E. Speiser, in 1 Vol. British A. (Br. Centennial Review, Vol. Mus., 99. p. 4 p. Museum, 1931),

"-See in p. 218. 12 cf. Senmut's Kemi, 21; the note (1952), 17. Kapitel in H. Grapow, Poem Das (1960),-"OTp. d'Avaris, tell Montet, texts smelling aeg. oldest 45. Le p. Drame (Berlin, by howVol.Re Totenbuches The p, 38, 1912),

cit., Naville, op. E. morning, so "the is revived lotus every the I, 40. Thep. 19.helpless ifdes and find you the work, can

is in armless is reiterated,"are the Anthes, primeval beginning R. dead as shown Tomb hailed of human- "the Atum

xlvii; in PI. ity the mere. Vol. Vol. Eastern Studies, in Jnl. and 18 pillar of Tombof Puyof (1959), the of heaven, 2.>3Pharaoh.. beam

lotuses to offering is bringing a lotus 176. two earth,"IX 2,someone p. to the Rameses King in A. of TheNear Bertholet, made H.. theKees Worterbuch

sun every morning in the temple of Heliopolis, an armless spirit who has just arrived in the der Religionen, X, 41. The central pillar is

Pyr. Texts, 264a266b, cited by Anthes, in Lower World by ship and stands waiting helpadded to the four in the primitive sacred booth,

Ztschr., Aeg. Vol. 80, pp.

cit., i83Anthes, op. 82. p. 8 If. lessly.aoS. Miss.MorenzArch.andFr.,J. Mem.,Schubert,Vol. Der15, GottPI. Ixxii.auf R.pp. Anthes,81, 84,Mitt.cf. d.p. Dt.11;Or.H.Ges.,Winlock,Vol. 96in(1965),A. C.

22931;J. Capart,G. Maspero,in Chron.in Bibl.d'Egypte,Egyptol,Vol. Vol.32, pp.28 der-'"S.Blume,Schott,pp. Das36f. Schone Fest im WUstenthal, politanMace, TombMuseum,of Senebtisi1916), p. (New37. York: Metroyear. (1912), pp. 61f, following the botanist Good- p. iilfcfd.,116. p. 117. (1968),F. Daumas,p. 2. in Aeg. Ztschr., Vol. 95

iA. (Cairo, 212G. Jequier, d'Aba Pyramide La op. cit. (in Moret, E. Quibell, at note Excavations above), 180 Saqqara, VoL.

16. PI. PI. There Inst. 18; p. No. is a 1 XXII, in E. Chassinat, 606; Mem., Arch. Nos. 1, 6, 7; (1926), PL 57: PL III, pp.

raised that "for receiving were PI. xlvi. bouquets Fr., formula1935), 66. 16, 15,

Schott, of 188P. at Karnak,"in the Temple in Bibl. Aeg. Egyptol., Munro, Rochemonteix, Amon "M. de Ztschr., Vol. 95 (1968),

cit., op. "for 37. bouquets p. and and Vol. 187. 3, p. Amon

isTPyr. Ibid., 104. of the Desert,"'''W. p. the p. Lord119, in Jnl. StevensonSmith, Vol. King Hathor, Text No. Eg. Arch., 213:130a134. "The

cit., 2i3Schott, op. 62. 56f, the of 19 pp. on nose Great he Power PL xxixxiv. (1933), pp. 150ff; NN...

25SW. Vol. 2 in Arch. Mem., Miss. 214P. Virey, as appearsis Nefertem, lotusflower Pt. the the at Petrie, F. Abydos,

.. called in fact flower =A. p. 2. dis- a nose."Pyr. of Fr.,was Re. Such Calverly, Text No. 265/6, (1891), of SethosI, PL I,Ixxii.Vol. 2, M. Tomb

cussed by H. Kees, in Aeg. Ztschr., Vol. 78 'ankh and was a symbol of life, according to PL 29.

(1942), p. 44. Schott, p. 55. ="N. de G. Davis, The Tomb of Puymere, VoL

88R. 4-5. Ztschr., at length Vol. Anthes, Aeg. treated the concept in 2, have PL xlvii. 82, pp. We

'SOL. Vol. des Borchardt, Sahu- Classical Ubid., Journal, Koenigs pp. 515Grabmal PL Ix. 40 (1945), The

Re, Vol. 2 (Leipzig, 1913), PI. 42, is a good 43. W. B. Emery, Archaic Egypt; the 24niche

example, though almost any throne picture will 2iS. Schott, op. cit., pp. 56f. In the temple tombs are on pages 55, 64, 66, 83, 132, 136,

do, e.g. Lepsius, Denkm., II, 136. of Seti I the royal lion is seen with a hawk on PL 24b and p. 146; the tomb on p, 89 has one

An extremely common motif, J. Capart, its head, while on the hawk's head is an enorside unniched: if the pattern were finished

Chron. d'Eg., Vol. 32 (1957), pp. 228f; for a mous lotus—the king is a lotus too. Ibid., pp. here it would give 24 niches. The 12panel

bibliography, W. D. Spanton, in Ancient Egypt, 20f. tomb is on p. 137; the 6-panel on p. 148, though

1917, p. 13. The tied lotuses on the throne 2"Schott, p. 115. one wall is not niched. The coffin in Plates 24a

of Thothmes III even without human figures 'The Improvement Era, Vol. 71 (February and 25b has six panels if one does not count

"may be something in connection with this 1968), p. 40B. the halfdoors.

king's victories,"in Rec. Syrian Grenfell, A.

op. Trav., Vol. Borchardt, cit., altaegyptischer*J. Duemmichen,Denkmdler,GeographischeIII Abt., InschriftenDenderah and23Ten141; panels40 on inp. PL77. 24a, 25b; 30 on pp. 72 p. 133; cf. 32,

p. 46, Abb. 30 and PI. 16. (Leipzig, 1885), Taf. i, showing all the nomes 2**Ilitd., pp. 48 and 146 respectively. O

September 1969 95 End ofan Era r The fiveyear-old Indian Our grandson was teaching a boy living in our home was Sunday School class and using having difficulty underfor his text A Marvelous Work and a Wonder, by Elder standing some of the LeGrand Richards. One morning

principles of the gospel. as he was ready to leave for

Life When we explained to him Sunday School, he couldn't find,

Among that he would have to be the book. Rushing downstairs,

the eight years old before he he asked, "Has anyone seen

Mormons could be baptized, he took a Wonder?"the MarvelousVeryWorksolemnlyand aand

deep breath and replied, ivith deadpan expression his "It sure is taking a long younger brother stood up and announced, "I'm right here.

time to make a Mormon out What can I do for you?"

of me! "-Carl Van Tassell,—Mrs. G. Stanley Brewer,

Myton, Utah Ogden, Utah "End ot an Era"will pay $3 for humorous anecdotes and experiences that relate to the Latterday Saint way of life. Maximum length 150 words.

An old Indian was standing on Dieter's Dinner: It's hard to A teacher must be like an

the top of a hill with his son, be eager over something so expert gardener. She must

looking over a beautiful valley meager.—Frances Craze know when to hoe, when to prune,

below them. Said the old and when to leave alone.

Indian, "Someday, my son, all A noted pianist was asked to this land will belong to the accompany a young woman who Two men carrying"briefcases

Indians again. Paleface all was making her singing debut. stopped in front of Ct traffic snarl.

go to the moon."Theambitions—butyoung lady unfortunatelyhad great Onelookedglancedat the attraffic.his watch"Hmmmm,"and

We may make much of man's had had little training. After a he said to his companion, '"do

orbiting in space—but why marvel frustrating half hour of rehearsal, we have time to take a cab

so much? asked one observer. the pianist cried "Madam, it's no or shall we walk?"

Haven't we been orbiting in use. I play the black keys

space all our lives on a I play the white keys—but you The first thing to do in life

wonderful world? The Creator apparently can sing only is to do with a purpose what

—Elderis still in Richardcommand.L. Evans the cracks!"—Pabloone. proposesCasals,to noteddo. cellist

When it comes to doing for others, some people will stop at nothing.

96 Improvement Era yfyumw!

1 would like to receive complete information about these books without cost or obligation.

Please send me the 36page PREVIEW BOOKLET free.

Nanne

Street Address

City State

Telephone Zip Code IbfJ

it

O.tr cJ - =

c O to cc a.55 <A

tt flO SI3 o il X< %n allIII >.m 3

Mai lU R if <CL CQ S V UJ CQ

Necessar INES J J <-a XoCQ Ul UJ 1- e UJ W X 6z a. t/)< < H- 3 S

OUJ5 (t ffl UJ*'10 UJ l"WIINGTON RANgHES/COUNTRY CLUB

Now begins the most beautiful time of year have assured them that the beauty of in the St. George valley of southwestern Bloomington (and their investment in it)

Utah. The 18hole Bloomington golf course will remain for generations to come.

is the lushest ever; horseback riding even

more exhilarating; the waters of Lakes Wouldn't you enjoy an endless summer?

Powell and Mead are perfect for swimming. Choice Bloomington homesites are still

And these conditions linger on for months yet. available. Visit us soon (we're just 3 miles

for our or write St. George), south of

last over late year have Since 600 families to: a postcard Send colorful brochures.

their by to decided extend summer purchasing homesites at Bloomington. Bloomington, 610 E. South Temple,

ARIZONA They've bought more than just climate and Salt Lake City, Utah 84102 unending recreation. Thoughtful planning, A CONCEPT OF THINGS AS THEY SHOULD BE

careful restrictions and protective covenants BY TERRACOR e

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

en

to

w.. Family happiness is sharing things... learningSharing the Good Things of Life.

things... together. Your Beneficial Life consultant helps assure your family this opportunity by serving your ever changing needs. There are new growth opportunities for you...

with Beneficial Life Insurance. Call your Beneficial consultant.

BENEFICIAL LIFE

Salt Lake City, Utah