''.:. >::.',/',;-,;.;r r;.: - \- '''- -""'-"/.

/llmpraoemenMCra

J KI i% *&

;?.,....::::.

rnMDimrIt El, pointby-poinf, VU illrA and your choice will be a NEW, AUTOMATIC GAS RANGE built to CP standards

-only a 9as *""tages range-; - flgas lhese tea*eatures: d| of auiomot.c u range g'vesY

A in streamUned,

Easy Cleaning tal, no rustrestant <D<D(D CD gh. easy.to-v/asTa top

Automatically. Light -dockUeal. n Automaticarte f. cooks

any simmer,..-Assure*!w

as Smokeless flection,,,,

. Ernests, bvonejtJro

/instantly--warmup- Illustrated:TTittTTIThe "Roper,"one of many

makes, in numerous models, builtto"CP"standards. Choose the one that best meets

your requirements.

The West Prefers "Thrifty"Flame Says:

Remember, too, an automatic gas range costs less to buy, to install, to operate. No wonder

92.8 per cent of all California city and suburban

homes cook with gas. And now gas cooking is

more popular than ever!

Better * Quicker Cheaper MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPA Serving twentysix Utah and Wyoming Communities

1948 JANUARY 1948

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR

HPhe heart rate of several small birds has been measured by Dr.

Eugene P. Odum. The resting rate

varies from about 1 35 beats a minute for the mourning dove to 615 for the rubythroated hummingbird. The maximum rate after flying, vigorous exercise, or excitement was 570 for the

mourning dove, but for the much smaller song sparrow, canary, and chipping sparrow it was over 1,000, and the common English sparrow was about

Tn British Honduras there is a "double

A snake,"the front section of which has bands across its body like a poisonous coral snake, with bright black, white, and red bands. The rest of the You'll serve 1,09$ meals, to

stripessnake lengthwise has of dark be exact,.in the year 1948 light similar brown,and in appearance

to another snake. The snake has the a chore that will tax your

appearance of two different snakes spliced together. skill, means and resourceful*

Tn 1945, New Year's day was desness to the utmost

A ignated on January 1 for thoselose who use the Georgian calendar, on February 2 for the Chinese, on September 8 for the Jews, December 6 for the Moslems, and on March 20 for the Persians.

"\TU r'hen the Gregorian calendar replaced the Julian in 1752, the Julian was eleven days ahead. In England,

September 2, 1752, was followed by

September 14, which led to rioting by crowds who wanted back the eleven days. Russia did not adopt the new

calendar until 1917; Yugoslavia and

Rumania, 1919; and Greece, 1923; by

which time it was necessary to skip the change.thirteen days to make The There are scores of ways

is stillpresent calendar too long by twentysix seconds an average year. to fit these nourishing, tasty

T)hotographic murals on walls are crackers into your meal possible with a new process. A planning,. with soups, milk,

jellylike emulsion can be melted and painted on many types of surfaces salads, spreads, cold cuts the surface sensitivemaking to photoand cheeses. Saltines aregraphic reproduction, picture and the

can be directly printed on the wall. Iways welcome. Keep a

"TpHE Department of Agriculture labpackage handy oratory at Peoria, Illinois, has found that the carbon in an automobile engine can be blasted off and the metal quickly made to shine by blowing with a mixture of sixty percent ground corn cobs and forty percent ground rice hulls from an ordinary sandblasting machine. PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY SALT LAKE

JANUARY 1948 1 sranuaru

NUMBER 1

OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION,

MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

The Editor's Page The Cover Counsel for a New Year George Albert Smith 11 Typical of the many snowbound, coldinfested, hunger - ridden Church Features littletownsvillagein Europein easternthis winter,Franceis picthe

Uruguay, New Mission Field Albert L Zobell, Jr 15 tured on the cover. Behind the

Eastern States Mission Centennial Chorus Douglas H* Parker 16 beauty of many scenes like this lie

Centennial Year in Argentina want and need and suffering as exthis frontispiece pressed month's by nine. beanother on page year As Evidences and Reconciliations: Lyman S.CXIX—WhichShreeve and BenjaminIs Greater—PriestMortensen 17 call attention gins again to these we

hood or the Church? John A* Widtsoe 33 facts with the hope that in many a

The Church Moves On 4 NoLiquorTobacco Column 39 new year's resolution will be inDear Gleaner:. 8 The Presiding Bishopric's Page 40 cluded a determination to do even

Melchizedek Priesthood 38 more to help alleviate the misery of a sick world. Only when peace and

Special Features plentybecomesreturna realityand canworldthe happinessoutward

The Vaudois Revisited Archibald F. Bennett 12 loveliness of pictures like the one on

the be cover fully enjoyed. From Sagebrush to Symphony—Leroy J* Robertson photograph The taken was by

Dienes, de for Oliver R. Smith 18 Andre adapted and

Do You Know How to Read? Thomas Stuart Ferguson 20 cover use by Charles Jacobsen. If I Were a Young Bride—Let's Talk It Over.. Mary Brentnall 21

,. and so the Movies! Marba C. Josephson 25

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L* Evans 29

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Homing: Housecleaning Made Easy,

Harris, Jr 1 Katherine Dissinger—34

Partitioning Palestine: These Times, Cook's Corner, Josephine B. Nich-

G. Homer Durham 3 ols 35

The Scout Citizen at Work, Rock On the Bookrack 42

M. Kirkham 6 Your Page and Ours 64

Each Day a New Year Marba C. Josephson 32

Editors Stories, Poetry George Albert Smith

John A. Widtsoe

Mulek of Zarahemla—Chapter I J. N. Washburn 22 Managing Editor Hole in the Rock—Conclusion Anna Prince Redd 26 Richard L. Evans

Frontispiece: Hunger, Hallie Grigg.. 9 Counterpoint, Dorothy Marie Assistant Managing Editor

Poetry Page 10 Davis 37 Doyle L. Green

Shaft of Words, Christie Lund On Ensign Bench, Edna S. Dustin....54 Associate Editor

Coles 14 Marba C. Josephson

-x General Manager Executive and Editorial Offices: George Q. Morris

50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah Associate Manager

Copyright 1947 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a Corporation of the Young Lucy G. Cannon

Christ Jesus of of the Association Church Improvement Men's Mutual Business Manager price, Subscription reserved. Saints. All rights a $2.00 of Latterday Giles John D.

in subscriptions, year, in advance; foreign a 20c year, $2.50 advance;

Editorial Associates single copy.

Elizabeth J. Moffitt

as secondclass Salt Utah, Office, Lake City, ot the Post Entered L. Zobell, Jr. Albert

rate of provided for at special postage for mailing matter. Acceptance Harold Lundstrom

in section 1103, Act of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

Advertising National Representatives is for unsolicited manuscripts, not responsible The Improvement Era S. Edward Townsend,

contributions. welcomes but San Francisco and Los Angeles

All manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return. Dougan and Bolle,

Change of Address: Chicago and New York

of address. for include ordering required please change notice a change, days'WhenFifteen

unless the old Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations magazine. the issue Address of changes slip cannot a recent from be madeaddress

'''is included. the as well as address hew one

PARTITIONING PALESTINE By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

Director of the Institute of Government,

University of Utah Qn November 29, 1947, the United

Nations General Assembly voted, thirtythree to thirteen, to divide

Palestine into separate Jewish and

Arab states. A board consisting of repport specifies that Jerusalem shall have

resentatives of five nations (Czechoin addition a city council, "elected by slovakia, Denmark, the Philippines, adult residents of the city"with powPanama, and Bolivia) was given an ers of legislation and taxation. Thus

appropriation of $2,000,000 to carry three entities are to emerge from Palout the partition plan by October 1, estine, storm center of the Middle 1948. East: an Arab state; a Jewish state;

and a new international city, JeruHPhe plan, steered largely by the salem!

American delegation, found the

X-Tow are the new governments to beUnited Socialist Soviet Republics and the United States in agreement. Both established? By April 1, 1948, bevoted "yes"for partition. Greece, supfore the British power withdraws, the

posedly under American domination, fivepower United Nations commission voted "no"and Yugoslavia, a Russian is to appoint "provisional councils of satellite, abstained. Iraq, Syria, Lebagovernment"in each state. These For

non, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Yemen, provisional councils must hold before 1, October 1948, constitutional states,Pakistan Mohammedan—all ventions to draft "a democratic concon- the Skier 's "no."Allvoted nations having a Moslem element of consequence, or located stitution"for each state under which

permanent governments elected. will be in (Asia) proximity thereto, voted Paradise! abstained. or"no"Nonetheless, the the relations X17hat about between

sufficientmajority thirtythree of was close such two bitter and neighis the Hotel Utah Because isto the carry measure. the What bors? present interest of The the U.N., of drive hour's within anplan? to be enforced the through fivepower resorts, ski the Utah's major

19, the Submitted 1947, November is commission, to require economic the Hotel has Utah had British, that theplan provides who union the between states includtwo skiof entertaining pleasure Palestine control a under Leaguenow ing a customs union, a joint currency, all ers the world. over from shallof mandate, Nations withdraw by railway, highway, postal, telephone,

August 1, 1948. Independent Arab and ports and airports system; joint deWe are delighted that we

Jewish states shall come into existence velopment of irrigation, reclamation, have been established as Intwo months after the British withand soil conservation; equal access termountain Ski Headquardrawal and "in any case not later than ("on a nondiscriminatory basis") to ters. We're doing our best

state will lackOctober 1, 1948."Each and water and welcome, power make skiers to be to facilities—all territory, contiguouscompact, and the effected to services extra a joint providing through economic board.

prediction that violent civil war beanticipate your needs and tween Jews and Arabs will occur as HPhis is the emerging pattern, accomdesires.

soon as the British leave has basis in panied by violence and bloodshed, geography as well as culture. For exof a future for Palestine. International You're invited to make the

ample, the Jews are given most of the organization is to be given a severe Hotel Utah your headquarMediterranean coast, including the trial in attempting to fashion political ters while skiing in Utah!

stretch from Haifa to Tel Aviv. The separation and economic unity between

city of Jaffa, immediately south and Jews and Arabs. This landbridge of

bordering on Tel Aviv, is entirely surthree continents, birthplace of the rounded by Jewish territory but is alphabet and western religious culture, given to the Arab state. The interior is as good a place as any to undertake

of Palestine, from "Dan to Beersheba,"anew the great experiment as to becomes the province of the Arab whether men of different races, faiths, state. Included is historic Judea with and national loyalties can learn to live

the cities of Hebron and Bethlehem. together, side by side in peace. If sucJerusalem, located in the center of this cessful, this notable decision by the

Arab area, "is to be established as a United Nations, might provide preccorpus separatum, under a special inedent for other significant developternational regime,"to be administered ments. But will the Arab states, who

by the trusteeship council of the United stalked coldly out of the General AsNations. This new international city, sembly November 29, 1947, accept it?

like Trieste, is to be governed by a Here is a continuing problem in these governor appointed by the trusteeship times. Can Isaac and Ishmael, Jacob

council (on which the United States, and Esau, forget their differences and

Britain, France, China, and the Soviet recall their common brotherhood under

Union will have to agree). The reFather Abraham? GUY TOOMBES, Managing Director

JANUARY 194f 3 "tE,m; Ju \\ic Ls\\Wt>c\i MOVES-****- *&k Usslbaw Northwestern States Mission for over a half century, died NovemHPhe First Presidency has appointed ber 17, at the age of eightytwo.

Joel Richards, former bishop of the At the time of his death he was vice

Salt Lake City Twentyseventh Ward, president of the Genealogical Society

Emigration Stake, as president of the of the Church, a member of the general

Northwestern States Mission, with board of the Deseret Sunday School headquarters in Portland, Oregon. Union, assigned to the genealogical

President Richards succeeds Presicommittee, and a member of the staff at 1, dent Samuel E. Bringhurst in this posithe Church historian's office.

tion. President Bringhurst had suffered He was one of the first ordinance

a serious illness, but had recovered to workers in the Salt Lake Temple after fulfil his desire to complete his mission. it opened in 1893. In 1894 he was

He will return to his home in Murray, called on a special mission to the

Utah. Saints residing in the Salt Lake Temple district to interest them in temple

work. He was a recorder at the temple for many years, and was chief reQtoek-guyrfdt enteredcorder fromthe temple1916 presidency,to 1929, whenservinghe

as second counselor and then as first counselor until 1938. He was a former

meals meatless SXRE-SS UP I bishop of the Salt Lake City Tenth time!:: '*mmi* \'Sav.e: 'Save money! Ward.

Make tasty, tender biscuits with

Fisher's Biskit Mix, They cost less Missionaries than a penny apiece. Make your "Dour thousand and five fulltime

own home comparison test with missionaries were reported to be

E. BRINGHURST SAMUEL JOEL RICHARDS quick; It's so Biskit Fisher's Mix. in the field in midNovember, by

-... use! to.so easy..so sure mission secreFranklin J. Murdock, a mission President Richards filled

Just add water! That's all! to Great Britain from 1910 to 1913, tary. This number was expected to

And when husband tastes your where he served as president of the decline as missionaries completed their "Fisher's Bi skits", he'll say: Liverpool conference. He served as missions and were released to come

"They're the best I've ever eaten!"bishop for seventeen years, and since home in time for the Christmas season,

....Yes—co m pari so n proves—his release in 1939, has been a membut it would increase as additional misFisher's Biskit Mix IS better...-.- ber of the high council of both the sionaries were called early in 1948.

and saves you money> too. Get Ensign and the Emigration Stakes. He

a package today! is the son of President George F. RichPrimary Board

ards of the Council of the Twelve. "pLVA Killian, a schoolteacher in

Mrs. Richards, who will accompany Sandy, Utah, has been named to

him on this mission, is a guide on Temthe general board of the Primary Asjisbers theple generalSquare boardand a offormerthe PrimarymemberAsof iliarysociation.work,Longshe wasactiveactivityin ChurchcounselorauxBISKIT MIX sociation. provementin the SaltAssociationLake StakewhenMutualthis callImto

Welfare Shipments the general board came. She has filled

THhree carloads of wheat, produced a mission to the Southern States where by the three Canadian stakes she was M.I.A. supervisor. Lethbridge, Taylor, and Alberta—have

been sent to the Saints in Germany, as part of the welfare plan. The wheat President Smith Sends Celery

was parceled into sixpound bags, fif- "President George Albert Smith teen bags to a sack, for easier distribulate in November sent cartons of tion at its destination. Utah celery to President Harry S.

At the same time, it was announced Truman at Washington, D.C., and to

that a carload of condensed milk had President Miguel Aleman at Mexico been shipped to Europe from the Los City.

Angeles region, making a grand total of over ninety carloads of food that Portrait the Church has donated to war- T ee Greene Richards has recently ravaged nations in Europe. completed an oil portrait of President George Albert Smith, which will be

Joseph Christenson hung in the Zion's Savings Bank and portraits of and Presi- B ishopnameJosephhas beenChristenson,synonymouswhosewith TrustPresidentCompany,Heber withJ. Grantthe

temple work and genealogical activity dent Joseph F. Smith.

Greek Wheat Yours is a gift which will bring comfort and relief to thousands of hungry Greeks and it will all the be more welcome reprefijuovmt, SojuAol WjodtahiaLsenting the as it does compassionate symJwo pathy of our Christian brothers in America.

Co wrote Archbishop Athenagoris of New York City, national chairman REFERENCE BOOKSof the Greek War Relief Association, in appreciation to President George Albert Smith, for the gift, by the Church, of some forty tons of wheat which wassent to Greece in November. GOD'S COVENANT

RACE Budge Hospital To understand fully "the why"of Joseph Smith

HpHE Budge Memorial Hospital at and Mormonism the story should begin, not

Logan, Utah, is the newest memwithliteralhimancestors:in 1805, butAbraham,4000 yearsIsaac,agoJacob,with hisJober of the family of hospitals operated seph and Ephraim. The recorded promises of

by the Church. The onehundred-bed, God to them and their descendants give a perfully-accredited unit, was acquired fectly logical basis for every claim of divine

through the cooperation of the seven powerJoseph Smithand priesthoodand the churchleadershiphe established.made by

stakes in the Logan area, working with the Presiding Bishopric. By James H. Anderson $2.00

Other Church hospitals include the

L.D.S. Hospitals at Salt Lake City and

Idaho Falls; the Dee Memorial Hospital, Ogden, and smaller hospitals atRoosevelt and Panguitch, Utah; and A NEW WITNESS FOR

Afton, Wyoming. Another hospital isunder construction at Fillmore, Utah, CHRIST IN AMERICA

and two more have been approved for The historical proof of the truth of the Book construction, at St. George and Mt. of Mormon has never been presented more

Pleasant, Utah. fully or convincingly than in this book....

It is a notable book.—Dr. John A. Widtsoe.

I congratulate you on making available this valuable book. It should be read by every

RADIO SERIES truth seeker interested in the field of religion.

F. Merrill. President J. Reuben Clark,—Joseph

Jr., will deliver a series of

radio addresses in conjunction By Dr. Francis W. Kirkham $2.50

with the symphony orchestra of

Brigham Young University, beginning Sunday evening, January USE THIS HANDY ORDER FORM 11, at 9:00, on the Church radio

.$2.25 hour on KSL. The symphony D ASSORTEDVALUE GEMS OF PRICELESS $2.50 HIS MANYRulonMANSIONSS. Howells

orchestra will be under the diCompiled by N. B. Lundwall LAST DAYS $2.00

Robert SKETCH OF MORSmith of rection Professor Leroy J. DAMONISMTHUMBNAIL $1.00 L. D. S. SCRIPTURES Josephson Marba C. Robertson, assisted will be who Gilbert Charles Orme $4.50

WITNESS CHRIST IN FOR NEW of the A Lawrence by W. Sardoni AMERICA

at the univerdepartment music $2.50 MAN ANDDr.THEJohnDRAGONA. Widtsoe $2.00 Dr. Kirkham Francis W.

$2.00 THE KINGDOM $2.25 THEIRS IS sity. D GOSPEL KINGDOM Wendell J. Ashton John Taylor

HILLS $1.50 UNTO THE DISCOURSES OF WILFORD WOODRichard L. Evans RUFF $2.50

Compiled by Dr. G. Homer Durham TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN $3.00

O. Marvin Ashton ConventionSpeech FAMILY ETERNAL OF THE HIGH....$2.50 MOST

N. Roy West $2.25 D TEMPLESCompiled by B. Lundwall evening, December 29,/\N Monday

GOD'S COVENANT $2.25 presented, the at the reMutuals James H. Anderson RACE $2.00 D THE QUESTO. F. Ursenbach

of of Associationquest the Speech GOSPEL INTERPRETATIONS $1.50 $2.25 THE VISION

Dr.America, the American Educational John A. Widtsoe N. B. Lundwall

Theater Association, The American Add 2% sales tax in Utah

Speech Correction Association, the

National University Extension Association Committee on Debate, and the

Association, SpeechWestern who in in conventionwere meeting Salt Seeand 57pagesin this49

Lake City, a program in the Salt Lake issue for other

Tabernacle showing the Mutual ImBookcraft listprovement Association program in acings.

tion, by depicting its recreational activities.

JANUARY 1948

The SCOUT CITIZEN at Work In his HOME—COMMUNITYNATION—WORLD

PABCO gjfTjHE Scout Citizen at Work"is By ROCK M. KIRKHAM

I the slogan for the thirtyeighth National Director, L.D.S. Church CINDEK -anniversary of the Boy Scouts Service, Boy Scouts of America

of America. Yes, it is more than a

slogan; it is the title of a planned

program of action lasting the entire Talk—"Spiritual Opportunity for Growth

year. Through Scouting"ENAMEL

So the rallying cry must be Ward or Stake Scout Leader "United We Work"to build and Scout Oath (2030 minutes) conserve the best in home life, to All Scouts, Senior Scouts, and Leaders improve the community in which we Benediction—A Boy Scout

live, to serve the nation through Closing Song conservation of natural resources, "I'll Serve the Lord While I Am Young"and united we work to build interIm- Mutual Men's The Young undernational good will—through granted Association was the provement appreciation of standing and

citizens of other lands. a firstclass council charter to utilize

the Boy Scout program as part of

The First Presidency of the the Y.M.M.I.A. on May 21, 1913. Church of Jesus Christ of LatterThroughout 1948, scouting in the

day Saints, has approved February Church of Jesus Christ of Latter- 1, 1948, as Scout Sunday throughScout to open out the Church Boy fifth Scout anniversary. Boy Week

service evening Sunday TheWHS that don't fade/ Week. day Saints will celebrate this thirtyseries first of a the will inaugurate

of leader every urge of events. WeWHITiS that don't yellow"! willprogrambe devotedin all tothe a wardsspecial ofScoutthe slogan realize our to help us youth

of Scout of, Age "Every Boy ACOLORS that donV discolor/ partChurch.of theThisnationalScoutBoySundayScout isan-a Scout of a Registered Member

nual celebration of the anniversary Troop or a Senior Unit"and "A of the founding of scouting in Registered Scout Troop and a SenTHE BRIGHTEST, PRETTIEST America. ior Unit (Explorer Post) in every

GLOSS you've ever seen! And it keeps The spiritual values of scouting ward of the Church."

that deep, sparkling gloss long after should be emphasized in a carefully ordinary enamel dulls prepared program. Ward and stake Pouring 1948 every scouting unit

leaders of the Church should be enshould plan a real live demoncouraged to express their faith in stration of "The Scout Citizen at

EASYBRUSHING! Eliminates the program and to give instructions Work."Suggested service is listed

the heavy, tiring "brushdrag"of orr to Scout units as to their religious below:

dinary enamel. Selfleveling. Leaves opportunities and.. obligations. A

no brush marks.

'lKi! ""'Dries quickly—suggested program is. listed below: In His Home dustfree!

Food—Produce and save food,

meat, and produce gardens, "A Scout Is Reverent"grow use; save family preserve food for

GREATER ECONOMYOpening Song food for distribution abroad; confar more WEAR! Covers LONGER "Lord, Accept Our True Devotion"trol rats, mice, and insects which enamel. area than i ordinary So Presentation durColors

able that it withstands abuse, wash-, Pledge of Allegiance to the Flag destroy food. ings, mild chemicals, steam, boiling Senior Patrol Leader Community Improvement—Beauwater—without chipping, marring Opening Prayer A Senior Scout tify home yards, repair lawns; plant

or discoloring. Apply; it on indoor Musical Number (s) Scout, Senior flowers and shrubbery; share perensurfaces with complete outdoor and Chorus Priesthood or Aaronic Scout, jobs plants; odd nial bulbs do and

success Boy is Reverent Scout A A washers, replace house; the Scout around minutes) (5 is "400"the supreme CinDek * clean cords; cords, sash glass, lamp is Building than of achievement more Boy 50 Scouting My How

paint of years research Pabco up; do the same for a up and paint A Mother

finest enamel we—the have (5 minutes) or shutin. neighbor ever made!

solo or Instrumental Musical Number depleted Conservation—Rebuild a solo or by NumberInstrumental Musical houses. feeders soil; and set out bird INC. THE PARAFFINE COMPANIES* Unit Senior the or of the Troop member

STREET 475 BRANNAN attract to shrubs plant birds; feed at Citizen Work"Scout Talk—"The 19, CALIFORNIA SAN FRANCISCO

Explorer or Senior Scout birds; let fence rows grow to shelter

(10 minutes) {Concluded on page 8)

PRIESTHOOD, SUNDAY SCHOOL, M.I. A.,

RELIEF SOCIETY, PRIMARY 1948 BOOKS, AIDS AND SUPPLIES PRIESTHOOD:

Documentary History of the Church (Vol. l).L $1.50

Study Guide.35—$

SUNDAY SCHOOL:

Picture sets: Nursery 25c; Kindergarten 25c; Primary 25c

First Intermediate—Church History set 96 pictures $3.00

Second Intermediate—Old Testament set $1.50

Junior Department—Church History set, 96 pictures.- -—$3.00

HELPFUL BOOKS OF REFERENCE:

Nursery, Kindergarten, Primary—A STORY TO TELL.......... -....$2.00

MY PICTURE BOOK OF SONGS $2.50

First Intermediate—ESSENTIALS IN CHURCH HISTORY $2.50

RESTORED CHURCH $2.50

Senior Department—ARTICLES OF FAITH $1.75

SEVENTIES COURSE IN THEOLOGY $1.00

Excellent explanation of our Standard Works

Advanced Senior—TEACHINGS OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH...$2.50

Gospel Message—SUGGESTIONS TO MISSIONARIES $1.00

Genealogical Training—MORMON GENEALOGIES..-'.. $2.75

Teacher Training—THE MASTER'S ART. $1.25

Gospel Doctrine—OUR BOOK OF MORMON..?.. $2.50

FROM BABEL TO CUMORAH $2.25

STORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON—Pierce $3.00

M. I. A.

See "Recommended Readings for M. I. A."Advertised on page 50.

Visual Aids:

Junior Prom; Dinner Party;

Basketball films—ball handling, defensive footwork, basket shooting.

Boy Scout films.

Write for special catalog of rental rates.;

RELIEF SOCIETY:

For study of the literature of the Doctrine and Covenants:

SEVENTIES COURSE IN THEOLOGY $1.00

Excellent chapters on the Doctrine and Covenants

GOSPEL QUOTATIONS By Judge Henry H. Rolapp...$ 1.25

PRIMARY ASSOCIATION:

MY PICTURE BOOK OF SONGS.,.. $2.50

A STORY TO TELL $2.00

DESERET"THE BOOK CENTERBOOKOF THE INTERMOUNTAINCOMPANYWEST"44 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send to address below the books checked above. Herewith find $

Name, Address.. JANUARY 1948

(D&Wl $facuWL: maybe just cheery words, words of

enthusiasm or appreciation or love.

Maybe it will be simply our conviction and faith in the goodness of life have If you we'll leave. that

link H.ello!minutes, your 1948 time to chat a few too, Then, it's a good time to write

apprecianotes of admiration the and Resolution wearm talk.in mine and let's take a stroll while written. tion that might been not have

Throughout 1948 and This has been a time for rejoicing, I know lots of people who have given the years to come we for giving, for brotherly love and good of themselves to me, and to whom I resolve to maintain and cheer—a gloriously busy and exciting owe endless gratitude. Let us write our

even improve (where time. We all have plans, hopes, and thanks and, who knows, maybe some

possible) the services dreams. At the height of all the tradismile will be brighter, maybe some

that have made the tional excitement, let us think about heart lighter!

Temple Square Salt our Gleaner heritage and the joy it As our fires burn warm and bright,

Lake's favorite hotel, would bring if we but magnify its purlet us remember that there are those to continue and to our poses. to hand, a friendly an invitation whom

policy prices of keeping There is endless opportunity in beshare with more than us would mean down, if within the reach ing the which expressed. could be As we extend a Gleaner—opportunity

all. of accepted action. to others, would mean daily joy in our homes and warmth

When we see wrong that we might perhaps our Maker will see that we are have righted; good that we might have grateful for his goodness to us. SpeHotel Temple done; or when we are not at peace with cifically, perhaps we will be showing

Square ourselves,claim to theI namefeel Gleaner.that we Howhave greatlittle ourer friendshipsgratitude forandtheGleanerwarmth circles.of GleanClarence L. West, Mgr. would be our joy and our strength if In the Savior's heart there was room

the devotion to service exemplified in for every living human being, even the the life of Ruth the Gleaner were an most shunned, the most despised, and ever active part of each day. the sinful. Let us not forget then

So I've been thinking that we might that our plan of action has reason to be determine a plan of action through extended to all mankind.

which we would show our appreciation So, dear Gleaner, I feel that only for what our Gleaner membership when our lives are full of service will means to us, and at the same time, be we be living as a Gleaner has the privblending our lives into the pattern ilege of living, and as our Master digiven us by our Savior. Possibly these rected us to live.

ideas will fit right into your New Year Affectionately yours, plans.

As we make our New Year's visits, let us leave at each home and in every heart some part of ourselves—maybe

just an honest smile; a firm handclasp; Yvonne W. Cassity

THE SCOIT CITIZEN AT WORK

(Concluded from page 6) letins; decorate auditorium and

game; manage woodlot property; amusement hall on special occaplant trees; save furniture, newssions; distribute flowers to the sick;PRICELESS papers, magazines, clothing, fats messenger service.

IT! and NEED YOUWHEN Improvement—Colinsur- substitute forThere waste shrubs and Health—Suggestoils. medical checklectCommunitysurplus and it,ance. is.. no you need when and

for of family; improvewill it? up take members Don't have you for garden plants and distribute

incostly losses withchances diet; habits; form good health sure! local.. Kolob.sure be keep planting; Your and improve landscaping

specialist insurance is anAgent frequently... consult as your up firstaid kit; control harmful around public buildings; beautify him

change.insurance needs plants; campaign against flies and school grounds, playgrounds and than 300 More REPKOLOB insects. harmful all serve RESENTATIVES parks; share in cleanup and paintsections of Idaho, Utah, Montana and Nevada. Safety—Check up on and correct up campaigns in community and

A GENERAL INSURANCE safety hazards in the home; mainneighborhood. AGENCY Frank Salisbury, Mgr. tain fire extinguishers; keep sand Collections and Distribution—

available for icy walks; learn safety Collect clothing for welfare and remethods; prevent fires. lief agencies; collect books for hospitals, libraries and shutins; collect In His Community, Nation, and

and distribute holiday packets to in His World needy; distribute circulars for serv-

P D RATIDN ice repair grounds; groups, collect newspapers and Ward—Improve

330 Judge Bldg. magazines. fix furniture; distribute bulPhone 4-8451 books;

—Photograph by

Ante Kornic

HUNGER

(Dm Aratue Ljriaa

&\he heart of Rachel for her children weeps

Beholding how their sorrows multiply

When the vague hunger shadow grimly creeps

Like a dark cloud across the lowering sky.

And ears are startled as folk plead for bread,

Exploited by war's wanton wastefulness.

"Depart hence,"say men, "be ye clothed and fed,"

Yet often fail to help their dire distress;

Till famine reaches forth its bony hands

To rouse them from their deep complacency,

While God's own hourglass pours out its sands;

Men must have food as well as liberty.

In giving to the poor we lend to one

Who waits to say to those who give, "Well done!"

JANUARY 1948 ARTISTRY IN PLANNING By Rose Thomas Graham

"/"Nh, won't you please come in,"she - said, "and see my little house?

It isn't always neat as pins or quiet as a

PRAYER AT THE NEW YEAR SACRAMENT REVERIE Our mouse.bedroom's done in lavender. The chilblue. dren's room Bessye By Hoffman Sylvia Young By

I like you'll love yellow hope my iskitchen—I

the panes golden through shone sun it, HPhe too.

is still burns, the yule log a year hile * the table is aslant lay across the bathliving-room goldenbrown; And The

Dorn. is spread. the sacrament a dream, was Where room

the candles Christmas across gleamWWhile reverently against towels Six of and heads varicolored bowed, young rows With snow, read. prayers sacred were wall of cream. a The

is the again; old done; year is newA restful there's corner room, a a smaller Then

I in these before days blest would show meAnd water and more seem (The bread little nook, gratitude, I learn behest.) and at to weed servedMore may has God's youth When that In quiet or green for eyes sew

The roots of envy from my heart, and time for a book."steal

share A spirit hovered o'er that "Fast Day"

I others. willingly with wouldMore be throng, little is "I I said. choice,""Your home

little selfish dear, aLess close and aware Presence, more and very A radiant all with wonder why for loving love tender, need sympathy, human to lift with andOf seemed That in pictures artistry planning, you've no The

I kindly learnFor to words, and see hands may the wall."on

More of the good in others. I would live Each soul above its sordid, earthbound

life, little less for a me. sphere.A I will glance, in pictures? a you, show "No

is at Christmas born once moreA fulleryear six seven; or some clearly bore arose one and And time if you'll care I believe to them, count you Or strong. very true testimony and hearts humble him. rememberWhile I pray His find eleven.

I prayer, evermore! breathed a "O I, all too, shall theThat year, remember a here's a purple through mountain Now all of bless the our Church youth Please truly Christian be aAnd day. every light; veil of misty taints, sinful from themselves keep Who red, yellow. there blooming; garden a Over eternity face boldly Who blue, white. and saints."to aspire be dare And 1948 I love PRAYER In this poplars; of FOR chain a room how

I whispered, "Father, may it be these stately trees!

By Dorothy Hobson My own sweet lad, so dear to me, I can really see them swaying. Can't you

May some day at this table stand, almost feel the breeze?

weapons that men wield HPHE In this fire heapedup sandpile. Children view a within) from aglow (His face

new, playing. -*- Are his Overhead read, to prayers witness bear,—These

But the sin is old; My soul would soar to see him there!"A rainbow line of dresses, and white unLord, what are we to do? derthings are spread,"

What shield is there, what shield

To thrust between, to hold She smiled and said, "My pictures are not Apart always just the same—

Cain's hand from Abel's heart? She had eleven paintings, each set in a

window frame!

JANUARY TREES By Marijane Morris By Clarence Edwin Flynn TUTe stands outside my door, his cape its massive stem** Of white in folds about his feet. One gave the wood from

He wears a sprig of evergreen To build a manger in Bethlehem.

Once tinseled bright and forestsweet. One gave the sills and the rooftree brown

For a carpenter shop in Nazareth town.

Some folk would not invite him in,

But I don't mind his stay at all. One gave the palms for a triumph way.

You see, I bottled yellow sunshine One sheltered a place for the Lord to pray.

And stored it on my shelves last fall. One made a cross to be lifted high.

One furnished Judas a place to die.

STARMUSIC "in * i;-j{ijaiia'M8"3-'a"SILHOUETTE IN SILVER

By Edythe Hope Genee—Photograph by Ben B, Haines By Cora May Preble

I night a lonely walkTCach

...*—'silent road ROAD BETWEEN TThe silver snow is drifting down today, are where you To

The moon drifts down its powdered silver By Elaine V. Emans * And I am dreaming of the long agol

dust Your scarlet tam-o'shanter looked so gay

From arches far Somewhere between frugality and waste That winter day through flakes of falling

Above; the red hibiscus lifts her darkened There is a middle road that I must go: snow

bells Not watching sunset with too great a haste, Perched saucily upon your copper curls.

Toward the sea, Nor being, for a shooting star, too slow; I see the twinkle in your merry eyes,

Where faroff tides, insistent, plead Not giving up the hyacinth to feed And hear you laugh—while dizzily the

Imploringly. The body only, nor allowing bread swirls

Across the curve of night I hear your voice, To go unused when there is monstrous Of snow drift down against the pearlgray

A thread of sound need. skies.

That runs along the edges of the wind, I must not store away, till I am dead,

Along the ground The fairest things, nor be extravagant You caught my hand, and laughingly we

Where my stumbling feet will wait With laughter, colored word, or love I raced

To heed your call. shall Through flakes of snow that lightly brushed

The lonely curlew flies across the marsh Be giving. There's a road between the Our lips, like tender kisses gently placed.

Toward home, and all scant The world for one small moment seemed so

The night resounds with strange flute notes Pinched way of living and the prodigal hushed,

From a distant star. And I must find it, who have learned from We two stood still. But that was long ago.Each night I walk a lonely silent road each Today I dream—while softly falls the

To where you are. Extreme, the lesson it has had to teach. snow!

10 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA for a COUNSEL NEW YEAR By PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

is WE face another New Year, I thank my some of those who ought to be the leaders l\ Heavenly Father from the depths of my of morality and also of righteousness. But

* * soul for my membership in the Church to to you, my brethren and sisters, the obligawhich he gave the name of his Beloved Son, tion has been given that you must refute such

Jesus Christ. things as these when you know of them.

I thank him for the guidance that has come We read further:

to us through the revelations that have been Yea, and there shall be many which shall teach given to this Church, and among them, I am after this manner, false and vain and foolish docreminded of a portion of the 28th chapter of trines, and shall be puffed up in their hearts, and

II Nephi, indicating an. all too prevalent atshall seek deep to hide their counsels from the

titude which reads as follows: Lord; and their works shall be in the dark. (Ibid.,

28:9.) shall there Yea, which shall say: and be many

drink, Eat, fear And then further:... nevertheless, merry, be and

God—he will justify in committing a little sin;... And others will he pacify, and lull them away

(II Nephi 28:7-8.) into carnal security, that they will say: AH is well

well—and leadeth Think of that—the suggestion that a little inthusZion;the yea,devil Zioncheatethprospereth,their souls,all isand

sin will be justified! Yet in the very first revthem away carefully down to hell.

elation contained in the Doctrine and CoveAnd behold, others he flattereth away, and nants we find these words: telleth them there is no hell; and he saith unto

devil, for thus there them: I am no is none—and For I the Lord cannot look upon sin with the until in their ears, he whispereth he grasps them

least degree of allowance. (D. & C. 1:31.) with his awful chains, from whence there is no

Yet there are those who would say that bedeliverance.

cause it is a little sin our Heavenly Father Yea, they are grasped with death, and hell; and

devil, death, and hell, that have and the and all does not care. Continuing the quotation from

seized therewith the stand been before must

II Nephi: throne of God, and be judged according to their

... yea, lie a little, take the advantage of one works. {Ibid., 28:2123.)

because of his words, (II Nephi 28:8.) That is the word of a prophet of the Lord,

Think of what that means, the whisperings spoken centuries ago, of what would exist in of the adversary to lie a little. Whether it be the world, and I bear you my witness that

a lie intended to affect an individual, a rethis is a condition that does exist in the world ligious organization, a business organization, in the day and age in which we live. And

or a political organization the lie will brand as your brother, I plead with you that in the the one who tells it, and sooner or later he dignity of your membership in the great will have to account for the wrong he has Church of the Lamb of God, you resist the incommitted. sidious temptations of the adversary and

that in your homes and elsewhere you teach... yea, lie a little, take the advantage of one and exemplify virtue and righteousness. See

because of his words, dig a pit for thy neighbor; that the teachings of the Lord are so dissemall this; in is things, these there and do no harm that soul within your every inated who comes

if it die; that so are be and for tomorrow we we

rewill the blessings that are the portals enjoy will stripes, guilty, beat with a us and few God at last we shall be saved in the kingdom of God. sult of the companionship of the Holy Spirit.

{Ibid.) I know that this is God's work. But I know

also that the adversary is awake; his end is

That is what the adversary of righteousdrawing near, and he is putting forth every ness is saying to the children of men. That effort in every conceivable way to blind the

is what Lucifer, who goes about defiling eyes of the children of men.

people, is breathing into the souls of whomDuring these troublous times when so many soever he can. That is the kind of doctrine are in distress, seeking happiness and not

that is being disseminated in the world by (Concluded on page 37)

JANUARY 1948

Behind Torre Pellice lies Mount Vaudelin with its bold, projecting rock, Castaluzzo, renamed by Elder Lorenzo Snow: Mount Brigham and the Rock of Prophecy, respectively.

Lie scatter'd on the Alpine mountains cold;

Even them who kept thy truth so pure of old, When all our fathers worshiped stocks and stones, Forget not. In thy book record their groans

Who are thy sheep, and in their ancient fold Slain by the bloody Piedmontese, that rolled

Mother with infant down the rocks. Their

moans The vales redoubled to the hills, and they

To heaven. Their martyred blood and ashes

sow O'er all the Italian fields, where still doth sway The triple tyrant; that from these may grow

A hundredfold, who having learnt thy way

Early may fly the Babylonian woe.

(The reference in lines seven and eight, we are told, is to an actual incident. VL VAUDOIS &*uJ Cromwell, the Protestant champion, was aroused and called a genBy ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT eral fast in England, and a national

ON identA morningJameslastL. SeptemberBarker ofPresthe scarcelybarous torturea generationand massacre,escapingorbarthe

French Mission and I set out fire and pillage, famine and treachfrom Paris. By assignment from ery and assaults of their vindictive

President Alma Sonne of the Euencircling enemies. Burned at the

ropean Mission we were to visit the stake, buried alive, stoned, sawn

Vaudois in their homeland amid asunder, hanged, herded into vile

Alpine valleys. and diseaseladen dungeons, the reAs the car sped across France peated objects of pitiless crusades,

toward northern Italy, President their homes burned and possessions

Barker refreshed my mind on the plundered, hunted down by bloodhistory of this unique and valorous hounds, pursued from glen to glen, people.* over rocks and crags and icy mounAptly described by one author as tains, yet they defied their assail-

"Israel of the Alps,"the Vaudois or ants, defended their rugged defiles,

Waldenses are probably the oldest putting whole armies to rout, and continuous Protestant community in maintained their ancient faith.

the world, and their church influenThirty-five or more persecutions tial among other reformed churches. have been launched against them.

By tradition they are credited with Francis I ordered their exterminaMARGUERITE STALLE BARKER a line of pastors running back even tion in 1541. In 1655, their overto the time of the apostles. All other lord, the Duke of Savoy, issued his

dissenter groups were crushed by dread edict, proclaiming that all his contribution of 40,000 was raised the power of Rome. Vaudois subjects must renounce to aid the sufferers. He called upon

Detested by popes and monarchs their religion or be massacred. The the heads of other reformed states

as teachers of dangerous doctrines, tale of atrocities which brought to voice with him their condemnathey have suffered centuries of hordeath to thousands horrified all tion of these outrages. Milton, as

rible and desolating persecution, Protestant peoples. The poor his Latin secretary to the council

Vaudois who were able to escape, of state, wrote in powerful protest *Dr. Daniel B. Hill Richards, who served concealed in their Alpine fastnesses, to the Duke of Savoy:

inas a missionary for ten Europe in for reto years, sent England Cromwell.. extensivewrote of history an the Vaudois,. wherein we

lief. It that Milton, was then also of the establishing ofand Italian the in areLettersgiven haveto understand,been sent usthat such of your

Mission by President Lorenzo Snow, then righteous and indignant remonroyal highness'subjects as profess the re- a member of the Council of the Twelve, in strance, penned his great sonnet: formed religion, are commanded by your

his The Scriptural Allegory. This book edict, and by your authority, within three

was published by the Magazine Printing On the Late Massacre in Piedmont days after the promulgation of your edict,

Company, Salt Lake City, Utah, in April Avenge, O Lord, thy slaughtered saints, to depart their native seats and habitations, 1931. whose bones upon pain of capital punishment, and for12 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

feiture of all their fortunes and estates, untheir homes and freedom of worless they will give security to relinquish ship.

their religion within twenty days, and embrace the Roman Catholic faith. And that But Cromwell died, and the rulers

... a part of your army fell upon them, broke faith. In 1685, Louis XIV of

most cruelly slew several, put others in France revoked the Edict of Nantes.

chains, and compelled the rest to fly into This was the signal for renewed places, desert covered the mountains and to persecution. Another horrible edict TAVOLA VALDESE with famisnow, where hundreds of some

lies are reduced to such distress, that it is decreed that all Vaudois churches TORR E PELLICE greatly to be feared they will in a short should be destroyed and every Prottime all miserably perish through cold and estant should publicly renounce his Authorization is given Mr. Archihunger. error within fifteen days under bald F. Bennett, Secretary and

penalty of death or banishment. Librarian of the Genealogical Society of Salt City, to photoLake grief with "extreme and Touched this of only then 15,000 There were the of graph Registers Baptisms, the for sufferings compassion and of capable people, bearwith 2,500 of Marriages the Deaths and Vauthis afflicted calamities of people"

Parishes, dois the ing the against with approbation might arms combined he called upon the duke to vouchof France and Savoy. But from the of the Parishes themselves.

safe to abrogate this edict and put mountains rang their cry of defiance, This concession has not only the objective of in favoring America their the to oppressions. an end To In the mass!"rather than "Death the establishment of a Libraryrulers the of the of Provinces United the leaderassembly, solemn under will receive vital the which

Netherlands, Milton wrote for ship of a valiant pastor, Henri Arof all the Evangelical Churchesrecordsof

Cromwell naud, with hands raised to the sky, the world, but also that of furnishBut if he still persist in the same obstithey swore to defend their homes ingthe Registers,us with positiveso that wecopiesshouldof allbe nate resolutions of reducing to utmost exand their religion to the death as able to reproduce them entirely in tremity those people (among whom our their fathers had done before them. case the originals should be dereligion was either disseminated by the first Enemies from all quarters poured stroyed, for any cause whatsoever.

of the Gospel,doctors from and preserved in upon them. The king of France Le Moderateur of superstition, rethe defilement or else

stored to its pristine sincerity long before assailed them from his side, and an de VEglise Vaudoise other nations obtained that felicity), and armed force marched against them VlRGILIO SOMMANI determines their utter extirpation and defrom Turin. For three days the emstruction; we are ready to take such other battled Vaudois valiantly withstood

this sanguinary invasion and were < qJL<>($OMAA<**- victorious in every engagement. Against overwhelming odds and 3

lured by false promises they were compelled to submit. Their surrender was followed by devastation in These were pardoned and released,

every hamlet and unheardof barbut banished forever from their barities even upon women and inhomes and habitations. Hundreds of

fants. Over half the survivors, children were forced from their parcrowded to suffocation in thirteen ents to be reared as Catholics, never

prisons, perished of hunger and to see their families again. The desthirst and disease. After six months titute remnants crossed the mounonly three thousand remained alive. tains to Switzerland, hundreds more

perishing on the roads of cold and hunger.

PANORAMA OF TORRE PELLICE Three years later occurred "The

Glorious Return of the Vaudois to {Continued on page 14)

Young women in Valdese costume

course and councils with yourselves, in common with the rest of our reformed friends and confederates, as may be most necessary for the preservation of just and good men, upon the brink of inevitable ruin, and to make the Duke himself sensible that we can no longer neglect the heavy oppressions and calamities of our orthodox brethren.

Co great was the terror of Cromwell's name, backed up by his threat to send forces to the rescue, that the persecution was stopped, and the surviving inhabitants of the valleys were promised restoration of

JANUARY 1948 THE VAUDOIS REVISITED {Continued from page 13) mind when I thought upon the subject, and vines, and rocky districts, or such as have

Their Valleys."An intrepid band I endeavored to procure some information a northern aspect. The inhabitants are far

of exiles, eight hundred strong, led in relation to this people. The librarian to too numerous for the nature and products of

the soil. I applied informed are often a work to carry compelled had me he They whomby their warriorpastor, Henri Arof the description I required, their but gardens it had backs just mould on to form amid

naud, assembled on the shores of been taken. He had scarcely finished the the barren rocks. (Ibid., p. 127.)

Lake Geneva, and recrossing the sentence, when a lady entered with the 7 that directed felt assured the Lord had is he, "this said "O,"a remarkable their the book. at retook homelandsAlps

I Israel, to us the a branch house and of of this called circumstance; just gentleman has of thepoint and maintained sword rejoiced to circumstances behold was many I for that that book."convinced soon was

less until than therethemselves I that of reminded those with me whom first this to the people receive worthy were three hundred were left. At this proclamation of the Gospel in Italy. (Pp. had been associated in the valleys of the

juncture they were saved by a quar122-123.) West. We endeavored to lay a foundation

for future usefulness silently in preparing rel Savoy, and France and between the for of the minds the reception people Italy, in Arriving Genoa, on July reinstated recalledthe and duke the Gospel, feelfriendly cultivating by 1, Elders 1850, he sent and of Toronto portrait oftheir brethren. exiled in ings the of those bosoms by whom A we

visit to the Protestant Stenhouse (Ibid., surrounded. were 128.) p. this inscripbearsthe hero Arnaud

valleys of Piedmont. Three weeks

tion: later, in a letter to President FrankOn September 6, Joseph Grey,

I preach and fight—I have a double comlin D. Richards of the European the threeyear-old son of their host,

mission, and these two contests occupy my Mission, he reported: lay at the point of death, reduced to

rebuilt,soul. Zion and the to be is now skeleton. posi- a to the Fully awake

as well the trowel. as felt desire is needed the tosword I have an intense know tion of the missionaries, Elder Snow to of that state province given which I had

I felt assured it called upon the Lord to assist them.r\n February 17, 1848, the king of them an appointment, as Next day they fasted and retired to

Sardinia granted to his subjects, left, to pray. the mountains they As exercise to right thethe Vaudois,

cold perspiration SHAFT OF WORDS the of covdeath civil to religion, and enjoytheir child's the the father body, and Christie Cotes ered Lund By schools to attendpolitical rights and "27 is whispered, meuttl"dy- (He of a shaft words sent universities.and

) ing! in called the upon They Lord I thoughtlessly, Out Apostle year next very The cruel harshly earnest solemn, to Ix>- Words the prayer spare

to called open wasrenzo Snow irony. a With life child. the of in the Returning

I rode, took Italy. in As wemission

I in pain, a heart saw afternoon administered the to they

I notes had pocket somefrom my bent low more Hurt and child, rerecovered. the and he To echoed, his Because words from before night my thecopied joicing said. parents Elder its Snow to woe. Added read: andAutobiography,

this of heaven has "The done God

I gentle picked phrase a in England] [while I contemplated As for you."said, Softly to be

solicitude deep Italy, with of conditionthe faith Full and courage. of 19 they organized September On Spirit to as where the of mind theto know bread, found them One a Italy the of in branch Church and that I labors, foundI should commence my

in them Found new active labors, in missionary hope, began laws hostile Sicily, in andall dark was lift up. to him apFaith efforts. opening our exclude impressive No manner.would

thirsts for kindliness. Man the history but of Italy; the cities inpeared cup! the O, fill a very high mountain, a attention. We ascended attracted my Waldenses theof

little distance from Tour, and having La cruelty, and darkness of ages the Amid our position taken a projecting bold on the as almost immovable stood field of mission. thethey had be would Now, my rock, praises to of the sang heaven, we God ocean. stormy the in I rock full find of gratitude, beaten with a heart anwave offered the and following prayer: up the of shook in the Rome anathemas the valleys of Piedpresented openingWhen

... this lift in name, into day Thy we thrones, their fell from all princes parts Italy mont, are of other andworld when this before view this the people and nation the of the mandate efforts. to / brave believe that our closed against daredthey ensign of... to once kingdom more Thy mighty. the To of armies the there the people has amid hidden a and Lord upPope

... established be men. the among From the in rose the like it is appeared mountains, voice the they the Alpine and mind ofmy lifting this of ensign forth voice a go may cloud. in the I The shall the Spirit the that or somethingwilderness, bow commence the people of these among mountains and origin; their in overspread this that napart has importance dark time of ofnight of valleys, the throughout and length and

existed (Ibid., tion. dissenters from p. Rome 121.) thesebut this it of land, breadth forth and go may the During born. Luther was beforeages elect, thine be unto and as the of the voice arlater himself days he few been have they to which A persecutionsfierce that the Lord, Spirit fall Holy upon may

degreatly limits in their of have at the valley rived Tour,subjected, La imparting them in knowledge dreams and creased. Lucerne. He wrote: visions concerning this hour of their rein some which valleys, narrow A few demption. (Ibid., pp. 130131.)

in breadth, This country bears a striking resemblance bow's shot only a areplaces

PiedSalt of the valley to the possession Lake. Great their in remain noware all that Here two, almost now were we

is foot Alps, at the the situated of are they mont which mountains by theexcept later, ninetyseven years on... in at the highest Europe. mountains The exactly has of calm deep a period Butengirdled.

length arrived, and since the storm of perclouds often enwrap these mighty emiour way to revisit the scene of the secution swept over Europe, they have renences, and hide their frowning grandeurs labors which followed that solemn ceived many privileges from the Sardinian from our view. At other times they are dedication.

feet at their the snow, while with covered opened the was way Thusgovernment. President told Barker in suchow fig fruit. tree ripening their are vine and appointment the before period a shortonly ceeding months years and numbers fertile portions valleys are of these of portion... The other mission, and noof this

Italy is governed by such favorable laws. rich in their productions; but twothirds or of Vaudois families were gathered

A flood of light seemed to burst upon my more present nothing but precipices, ra- (Continued on page 56) 14 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Mission Home in Montevideo, recently purchased by the Church.

URUGUAY...

new mission field

Du -Mlbert <=JL. 2-.obel(, tfr.

Banda Oriental ( the guay was probably Don Juan DiasUruguay—/a the Rio eastern bank)—is one of the de Solis, who discovered stem Napoleon's onrushing tide, the

newest fields of missionary ende la Plata in 1516, although some Spanish colonies of Latin America deavor undertaken by the Church of earlier explorers may have sighted accomplished their revolutions of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. the shore of the country. Solis himindependence. Difficult as the revpossibly Indians, by Its peoself was killed of its background?What been have were, they would

tribe warlike the who olutions the Charruas, Its industry? history?ple? Its

if Spain nearly impossible had Subsequently region. the possessed Zion, elders will the fromWhat been free to throw her armed might into the explorers touched Spanish facthe the fields andcalled from

tories, the offices and the shops, find Uruguayan shore of the Plata, but the New World.

in this new section of the Lord's found occupation more difficult than Two Uruguayan leaders stand vineyard? on the Argentinian shore. Long {Continued on page 52)

Uruguay ( officially the Republica after Buenos Aires was permanently

Oriental del Uruguay ) is the smallfounded in 1580, across the estuary, W$$0!lf&8ffij8&

est of the independent nations of Uruguay remained unoccupied. In

South America. It lies cradled bethe seventeenth century, some Jesuit

tween Brazil on the north, and the missions of the Roman Catholic estuary of the Rio de la Plata on the Church existed precariously for a south, extending from the Uruguay while in Uruguay. Then, in 1680,

River to the Atlantic seacoast. It is the Portuguese, who regarded the

a bufferstate, placed between the country as a natural extension of two great South American powers, their holdings in Brazil, founded a

Brazil and Argentina, and has been settlement called Colonia. The flag

often overlooked by the casual obover this settlement changed from server. It contains 72,172 square Portuguese to Spanish and back to miles, comparing favorably in size Portuguese several times—somewith North Dakota. It is, however, times as a result of discussions at

the most densely populated nation in the conference table, but more often

South America, having an estimated as spoils of battle. To halt the inpopulation in 1943 of 2,200,000, onefiltration of the Portuguese, the outthird of which live in the beautiful post of Montevideo was established

capital city of Montevideo. by the Spanish in 1726.

Legend has it that in 1519, as often are events esthe fleet approachedMagellan's shadWorld NewmoldedWorldby Old sailor Plata, the lookout tuary of the of his flagship sighted a modest hill ows. This was even more true when

it and cried jubilantly, "Monte vid'the New World was young than eul"("I see a mountain!") From is today when it appears to be an

that cry, the present city took its overflowing source of the necessities name. The hill is the only one on of life, an arsenal of democracy.

the Plata or on the river for hunBeginning in 1810, while the Powdreds of miles above the estuary, ers in Europe were attempting to and as such it is the proud possession of the city of Montevideo.

The first European to visit UruBoroloSouth America'sBuilding, Montevideo,tallest building,Uruguay.the

JANUARY 1948 Eastern States Mission CfilltCnnial ChOTUS ju eUJouqlaSy wAr. barker

SECOND COUNSELOR, MISSION PRESIDENCY

a tenman missionary chorus, known ager of a chain of movie theaters as the Utah Centennial Chorus, has was so impressed by the reaction of sung and spoken its way into the the audience to their performance hearts of thousands. This chorus that he requested that the chorus

recently returned from a twentymake a tour of theaters in seventy twoday, 2,100 mile tour of twentycities located in five states, and that three cities, and reported that they he be allowed to arrange radio had presented seventyone performbroadcasts and engagements before ances, twentynine of them being civic clubs and schools as a means radio broadcasts, had sung before of drawing attention to the chorus.

Governor Thomas E. Dewey of the

Empire State with sixty members of C"Wer a century ago the Prophet his topranking staff assembled in sought interviews with goverthe executive chambers of the New nors that he might petition for

York state capitol, had participated redress of grievances. In the cenon a program with United States tennial year, the chorus was invited

Senator Joseph R. McCarthy of to sing before Thomas E. Dewey,

The Centennial Chorus being presented on one Wisconsin before an audience of governor of the state upon whose of the first television programs of the Church. four hundred leading businessmen soil the Church was born. During

in the Statler Hotel in Buffalo, and the performance the governor's first teleof the particularly evident one pleasure had presented was hisother year in the noPerhaps of the Church. programs hymn, the chorus sang the when tory of so vision the has Church

noticeably shown a change in While in Gloversville, New York, "Oh My Father."The chorus had

the mind and attitude of the people the chorus was so enthusiastically {Continued on page 46) of the East toward the Church as has the Utah centennial year. If

Joseph Smith were to return and pay honor to his faithful followers who through a hundred years of toil and righteous struggle preserved their efforts in the enduring granite of a temple in the midst of a land now prosperous and developed, he would rejoice at the accomplishments wrought through the faith and courage of those who had lived and died to carry on the work that he was instrumental in founding. But what

would Joseph Smith find if he were to return to the East, to the land of his youth, to the countryside surrounding Cumorah, or to the valleys made green by the Susquehanna and made sacred by those men of old

Hill. Director Reading Chester gratulates Chorus W.whoPalmyra—inthere restoredwhose theshadypriesthood?glen Joreceived and advertised throughout ChorusWhile lookmemberson, Governorof the EasternThomasStatesE. DeweyMissionaryconof right, the chorus the other members from left to

S. follows: Farnsworth, Beaver Elders as are Dean students, school high the the town by foundseph Smith

McAllister, A. Provo Dale Stake; Beaver Ward, West

in sing mornthem had heard the Stake; Watkins, Third A. Logan would Utah Ward, ReedFather it who and soughtSon—howand

for Stake, the accompanist Ward, Logan Seventh that the assemblies, school ing Surely today?receive the Prophet Taylorsville Stanley Steadman, G. largchorus; Ward,

in his own homeland, where a nation est theater in the town was unable Ward,North JordanCottonwoodStake; Stake;Rollo KeithW. Bickley,Williams,Mill NorthCreek

had spoken from the ground and its to accommodate the hundreds who Putnam,TwentyfirstWoodruffWard, Ward,EmigrationWoodruffStake;Stake;HowardRobertH.

people had whispered from the dust sought admittance that they might Andelin,Nielsen, VallejoWaikikiWard,Ward,OaklandOahu Stake;Stake. and James R.

through an ancient record, the hear them sing and tell the story of

Prophet would rejoice in seeing the the Latterday Saint pioneers. Thirchange in the hearts of the people. teen hundred filled the theater; all

Throughout 1947, in the cities the standing room was taken, and where Joseph Smith once preached, many were turned away. The man165VOV16 flote

16 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA hi Centennial Year in yw, eviima f-

Ifllloirten&en d5u cJLuman. ). Skireeve andJ vDeniawilnBe

rgentina, land of the gaucho, l\ tango, and mate, land that took ** its first baby steps as a nation some four hundred years ago, land 'that is today a great republic of restless energy, enviable trade, and enjoyable life, owes its name to the silver quest in the mountains of Peru and the wearing of silver ornaments by its Indian population in the sixteenth century. After the fourteen

Scene from "El Joropo"prethe youth sented isl entirely by der the supervision of a mission in Mission 4 one of the Argentine of the variety programs of the president.

Youth Convention. Alicia Rosas

soloist. was Mejome m # de

dramatic scene from the '"The return of missionaries, which A of pageant "Cavalcade the Pioto this date has grown to the neers"by Gladys Wagstaff

Pinney, translated into Spanish total of eightynine since the war, and presented the 24th of on *m ': July, Argentine Mission, is Centhan time, more at any other one

tennial Year. often spoken of by the Saints as the

"second dispensation."They are

provinces, which constitute the overjoyed to have the young elders once again in their presence. "To present republic, united themselves

into a confederation, a common these missionaries,"the Saints often name was sought for the whole, and express in their stirring testimonies, the Latin word argent ( which means "we owe our undying gratitude."

silver) was adopted as its root. Those called upon to direct the

Argentina's famous estuary, Rio activities in the Argentine Mission de la Plata (silver river) the widest are favored with a wonderful spirit river in the world, as every Arof cooperation. Talented young men

and women are willing and anxious gentine will very proudly tell you, was formerly called Rio de Solis to increase and develop their knowlafter the Spanish navigator who disedge and talents by participating in various functions of the Mutual of characters Stage puppet show by the and made it. covered this great river It is up Joseph Fitzpatrick, A. presented before approxiAssociations. Improvement

investigators mately 1,800 friends of the and one kilometers that some hundred

Mission. Argentine story The based was on convention time (La Youth Conearly life pioneer in of the Saints Utah. finds one of Buenos Aires—queen in held vention de Jovenes) conof Argentithis silver river—capital in junction with April, conference

na and the largest city in the southRockies comes to a close, the native and the Gold and Green Ball held ern hemisphere. Saints of the Argentine Mission, are

In this city one beautiful summer rejoicing in the seed that these three together with October conference morning—Christmas morning to be great men planted and honor the arestandingwithouttimesdoubtofthe thetwo mostyear outfor exact—of the year 1925, Elders faithful missionaries that followed Church members in the Argentine. Melvin J. Ballard, Rey L. Pratt, and with the same faith and burning tesThis year it was especially outRulon S. Wells humbled themselves timony of the divinity of their work

standing because of the great spirit in the solemnity of Palermo Park and calling, and of their diligent, the centennial. of From western

glorified labors, that up, conunselfish and by added their God as the Mendoza, better known secrating entire the Argentine and dedicating make the Mission what "Garden of the Andes,"with a South American continent for the it is today.

yearly export of over 8,200 metric promulgation gospel. of the restored the During last war, the missionof tons picturesque and fruit—year of the aries Now as the centennial withdrawn were the from sierras, located near Cordoba

Church of Jesus Christ of Lattercountry. This created much growth and waterfalls of exceptional lakes,beauday Saints in the valleys of the and development in the local memty, from Bahia Blanca with its great

bers who took over the different agricultural industry, but boasting branches themselves, all serving as an even bigger claim to fame as the

ried on as it had before, always un- (Concluded on page 48)lAtak Leevuevmiaii missionaries, and the mission carlargest drydock in the southern

JANUARY 1948 17 5L, SAGEBRUSH & SYMPHONY Leroy J. Robertson—a study

tion and the $25,000 award which it William H. Adams, father of the

would bring him was a telegram composer's mother, heard the gospel which arrived at his Provo home a message in Dover, England, and short time before the broadcast. Mr. emigrated to Sanpete County. He

Reichhold, president of the Detroit married Melissa Jane Caldwell, a

Symphony and sponsor of the condaughter of Matthew Caldwell, test, said in the message: who in 1846 had crossed the westPlease accept my personal and heartfelt ern deserts with the storied Mormon

congratulations on the occasion of your seBattalion.

lection as the first prize winner in the comThe parlor organ was the musical petition for the Reichhold Symphonic

I center of the Robertson home, and the Hemisphere. Awards for Western

feel that the playing of your symphony, as a child Leroy could play on it by which the distinguished board of judges ear the tunes he heard—that is if

selected as the outstanding entry in the someone would oblige by pumping competition, will assist in the accomplishthe pedals because his legs were too the of ment committee's basic award purshort. As the eldest of six children

in aid pose, to of the advancement a closer

LEROY J. ROBERTSON understandinghemisphere. Bestbetweenpersonalthe regards.peoples ofHenrythis heoccupationsoon hadoftheherdingcommontheboyhoodfamily

H. Reichhold. cows, and while doing so whittled

While Leroy Robertson's winning out his first fiddle. The crude insimple the by tunes hummed wire thin with strung was of such an unparalleled was strument awardFrom as Battalion boys the Mormon faboy's the thread, and and stout not surprise to a complete those who

they marched westward in 1 846 had watched his growing stature in ther took some hair from the old to a Utahproduced symphony the music world, few were aware of mare's tail to fashion the bow. An

which wins the world's richest music the unusual circumstances that surinvestment of five cents provided a prize in 1947 is a long step. rounded the entering of his Trilogy large supply of rosin, and thus

Leroy J. Robertson, descendant of in the competition. It had been comequipped, the lad was able to play

Latterday Saints who settled the posed in 1938 and 1939 during what the simple melodies that kept comvalleys of the West, is the composer spare time he could find from his ing to his mind.

whose newlywon international emiteaching duties at the university His first "store"violin outfit cost nence represents the culmination of which meant night sessions usually $12. After a few lessons he organthat step—the cultural flowering of running to 2: 00 a.m. Early in 1 945 he ized a little orchestra among his

pioneer traditions planted a century brought it out again to rework the school chums, obtaining some music ago. In the closing weeks of a cenlast two pages and put it in shape from a Chicago mail order house

tennial year filled with many tribfor the contest. It was then rushed and making his own arrangement of

utes to Utah's founders, the music through the necessary photostating the parts. As soon as he had gained

world added its own eloquent tribprocess and was submitted barely in a little understanding of notation, he ute in giving universal honor to his time to meet the entry deadline. also began to write down his early

great composition, Trilogy. compositions.

Word of the Utah musician's lat- A Brazilian composer, Carmargo As there was no high school in est achievement came dramatically Guarnieri, received the $5,000 Fountain Green, he was sent to live during a nationwide radio broadcast second prize in the contest, and Alwith his maternal grandparents in by the Detroit Symphony Orchestra bert Sendrey of Los Angeles won Pleasant Grove, where he attended on the evening of November 2. It $2,500 and third place honors. school for two years and took music

was the first public announcement In his pioneer ancestry and Utah lessons from Arthur Overlade, now concerning the Henry H. Reichhold background, Leroy Robertson could of East High School in Salt Lake

international symphonic competition hardly have been more representaCity. During this stay he heard from

since more than four hundred comtive. He was born December 21, his grandmother's lips pioneer lulposers from seventeen countries in 1896, in Fountain Green, Utah, to labies and tunes once sung by the

the western hemisphere had subJasper H. and Alice Adams RobertMormon Battalion, themes which

mitted their best works more than son, both of whom were natives of later were to find their way into his two years previously. The winner, Fountain Green. One grandfather, great compositions. He spent the

it said, was Leroy Robertson of Edwin Robertson, was from Cook next two years at Brigham Young

Provo, Utah, professor of music at County, Illinois, and came to Utah University High School in Provo,

Brigham Young University. in the Mormon migration. Hannah studying violin with M. S. GudThe only advance notice which Grundland Robertson, his wife, was mundsen and theory with the late

Professor Robertson had received a Latterday Saint convert from Anthony C. Lund, members of the

to prepare him for news of the selecSweden. regular university faculty. After

18 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a

in achievement

(Dm yJliver f\. J>mitk

ASS STANT PROFESSOR OF JOURNALISM,

BR.GHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

graduation from high school the urge for creative work led him to take further study in theory from

George W. Fitzroy, a graduate of

the New England Conservatory of

Music, who still teaches in Provo.

'T'he young musician's father by Professor Robertson with Sister Robertson on his right, and his children left to right: Karen,

this time had acquired a large Jimmy, Renee, and Marian.

flock of sheep, and Leroy returned home to follow the flocks to the high mountain ranges in summer and to feel that this turn of events was for who taught one season at Erigham the western deserts for wintering. the better in his total musical deYoung University. In 1929 he studLiving in this pastoral retreat amid velopment. After a year in the ied with Ernest Bloch at the San

the varied and inspiring moods of mountains again, he taught for a Francisco Conservatory, and three nature was what he calls "one of the short time at North Cache High years later followed him to Switzergreat experiences of my life."School in Richmond and at Pleasant land for further intensive work—

He resumed his musical education Grove High School. In 1925 he trip made possible by his wife's reat the New England Conservatory married Naomi Nelson of Morgan suming teaching at the university.

in Boston under George W. Chadwho was teaching home economics Going on to Berlin, he absorbed

wick, then dean of American comat Pleasant Grove. The same year much of its rich musical offerings and

posers, and other capable teachers. also brought an appointment to the took composition and musicology

Upon graduation in 1923 he remusic faculty of Brigham Young from Dr. Hugo Leichtentritt. While

ceived his first award in music comUniversity where he has served ever there he wrote some etudes for position, the $300 Endicott prize for since. piano and his Quintet in A Minor

his Overture in E Minor. In addition to an energetic profor piano and strings which a few

The young composer was schedgram of theory classes, chamber muyears later was to win first place in uled for further study abroad as sic, and symphony orchestra work the contest of the Society for the recipient of the Prix di Rome, but at the university, Professor RobertPublication of American Music.

overwork had sapped his strength son's study and composing went Mrs. Robertson joined him in the

and necessitated a return to Utah steadily on. He drew inspiration spring of 1933, and they returned to

instead. Although deeply disapfrom Carl Bush, conductor of the Provo in the late summer.

pointed at the time, he later came to Kansas City Symphony Orchestra, (Continued on page 62)

Brigham Young University Symphony Orchestra with Professor Leroy Robertson directing.

JANUARY 1948 19 Do you know how to READ?

ATTORNEY AT LAW

Priesthood and Sunday School tant parts. To keep up with curlesson leaflets and manuals rent affairs in our shrinking and

The Improvement Era fastgrowing world we also try to

The Relief Society Magazine read current news magazines, the

Church Section, Deseret News digest magazines, and other pubMutual Improvement Association lications. If we endeavor to seek

class manual learning out of the best books, we

M.I.A. reading course book for must also try to read classic works

the year of history, philosophy, science, and

Current Church books by the the cultural arts.

General Authorities and Church Today, every trade and profeswriters, nonfiction and fiction publicaits journals and sion has will readers immediately stake Local such papers, where toSome up keep be read tions must which think that the title this article of are published. legal developments. late The with is meaningless. reader The may

say, "Of course I know how to An equally great amount of genprofession offers a good example, read."eral literature must also be read although it is extreme. Opinions

courts higher the by handed down In Saint. lanLatter-day the the by ninetysix Actually percent of the should be nation state the of and of the guage Lord commandment,adults of the States can United are very reports ". These skimmed... said: diligently seek has ye and

isread. the Doubtless percentage at or weekly appear extensive and of teach another one wisdom; words in the higher Latterday Sainteven jourintervals. monthly regular The yea, the of best out seek ye books

title so, theChurch. has Even meanstate nathe and published nals by seek learning, of wisdom; wordsing people because few how know also should associations tional bar faith."also even study and by by correctly.to read readperson The at to is It read well also read. be 88:118.) (D.SC. correctly material readsing most articles appearing of the least some

rapidly. Rapid readers are rare. in the current law review magazines

And to be wellinformed today republished by law schools. The

quires extensive reading, which in preparation of a case for trial return requires rapid reading. quires extensive reading of statutes

Why do most people read slowly, and case reports. Legal papers and

and what can be done to increase regular business correspondence reading speed? The answers are also are burdensome.

quite simple. But first let us see the If one is to maintain close conimportance of the problem. tact with friends and relatives,

To be a true Latterday Saint one there are usually many letters to be must know the general content of read.

the four standard works, the Bible, It must be admitted that the readthe Book of Mormon, the Doctrine ing demands upon the average perand Covenants, and the Pearl of son are very great.

Great Price. The average Bible has

approximately one thousand pages At a recent Mutual Improvement of small print. The current edition Association convention in Oakof the Book of Mormon contains land, California, Mr. John Solberg,

522 pages; and the Doctrine and a professional teacher and school

Covenants, 257 pages. The Pearl of administrator, listed some of the

Great Price has fiftyeight pages. requisites of a good teacher. Among

We therefore have 1837 pages of—Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberts other things, he included knowlThis, at the outset.required reading understandgospel; an the of is edge or girl schoolboy The average

task, if notof itself, is a tremendous in the world, is going on ing of what sevrequired school to read by his an almost impossible one, for the eral textbooks a year. College stuincluding facts regarding current

slow reader. dents have very extensive reading sports, movies, radio programs, and

There are also other numerous assignments. Often the assignments world problems. He said the top

published books and current periodare never completed by slow readflight teacher should be somewhat ical literature in addition to the folers. versed in several fields and should

lowing which the alert Latterday The daily newspaper must also have a broad knowledge of science

Saint is called upon to read: be read, at least the more impor- (Continued on page 59)

20 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IF I WERE A Young Bride

I were a young bride in the ly our own. I would not live in a

longer of 1948, year than it li5rentnaU rented one day I wouldIf young home new &t art wife, to decide be a very I wanted good where want to took me create a lovely home, and make my to live; one day longer than it took

marriage a great success, and so, I me to be sure that I had a comfortwould try to discover some of the able, workable, plan for our own basic principles of life and how they home; one day longer than it took

apply to marriage—and to put my me to find a satisfactory way of

heart and efforts in accord with financing that home—be it ever so

those basic principles, and then I small.

would want to add a few gay, perIf I were a young bride—while I

sonal touches to that marriage. I was waiting for a home of our own

would do this, much as I might se-—I would spend all the time I could

lect a good, simple, basic dress for spare planning that home. In congeneral wear and then liven it up sidering building, I would think of

with changes of jewelry, or a scarf, locations. I would try to find a little

or a flower. land for expansion. Then I would

If I were a young bride, I would consider minimum homes that are try to be grateful that I had found easily enlarged. I would study, and

my love and my mate and that I question, and see what is currently lived in a relatively free country developing in the world of prewhere I had hope of working out great trials and joys of our shared fabrication, and I would pray that my ideas and ideals without too life. restrictive, expensive building methmany frustrating restrictions. And, If I were a young bride, I would ods would give way before our

in gratitude for the great blessing try to simplify my life. I would exurgent need of homes. I would inof liberty entrusted to me, I would amine ninetynine percent of everyvestigate the possibilities of old

try to show myself and all the world thing I did or bought to see if it was if most of the homes—particularly

of renovation could be donewhat marvelous results can be obreally worth while. I would not work

tained in the heartening light of clutter my time nor my home with by ourselves.

freedom when we put our souls into If I were a young bride, I would it. encourage my husband to forego

If I were a young bride, I would owning an automobile for a while never worry, think, or even read oLets that is, unless of course, we had about how to "hold"or "manage"ample means or his business desur- one. be the dighusband. I would respect manded He wouldmy

I think, I could happily TAIR IT OVER prised,nity have of our marriage vows and how perfect confidence that my husband get along without one and how was mine forever, and that our muinconsequential things. For exammuch money we would save. Of

course, with the present scarcity oftual love and trust would grow durple, if we truly loved figurines—deing the years of time and throughlighting in their detail and delicacy cars, this doing without might be

forced upon us. Nevertheless,out eternity. I would have faith in of texture—I would have them, promy husband, in marriage, and in vided I had the means for purchase whether forced upon us or not, doGod. and the time for dusting, but before ing without a car for a year or so

Having that faith, I would try to I bought them, I would try to dewould be an exceptionally good make my religion a dominating force cide, in all honesty, whether figuridea.

in my home. ines contributed much to us personIf I were a young bride, I would

I would recognize the blessings ally, or whether I wanted them behope that I had had some training and powers of the priesthood. cause all my friends'homes had for homemaking, but whether I had

I would encourage my husband to them. bestor not,ideasI wouldon housekeeping.expose myselfI wouldto the

activity within the Church. T would own a home just as soon learn to be efficient, and I would do

I would work, myself, in some as I possibly could. I would not my best to keep a clean, comfortChurch organization or auxiliary. live with relatives one instant longer able, and happy home. I would be

I would establish such easy basic than was absolutely necessary, but, neat and tidy if it did not interfere habits as paying tithes, having prayif for a time, it was necessary, I with more important things, but I ers together, going to sacrament would try to fit into that home would be orderly no matter with meetings regularly, and keeping the cheerfully and dutifully, rememberwhat it, seemingly, interfered beWord of Wisdom, and trust, thereing that it was equally difficult for cause I would know that I could not by, that I would gain the necessary all involved, and I would try to accomplish anything—even the soinspiration and strength to meet the make one room or section inviolate- {Continued on page 54)

JANUARY 1948 21 ness under a bed of dead leaves and

EDITORIAL NOTE branches, deposited there lavishly from year to year, century after cen-

T N. Washburn, the author of the tury.

commences which serial Mulek, J a trail that seemed On a narrow long been has the of Era, issue this in MULEK so fastnesses, to the jungle stranger of Mormon. in the Book interested

With his father, J. A. Washburn, he infrequent were openings of any

just of Study the to moving, one Approach wrote were kind, An two men arrow an had he of which string in 1939, Geography Mormon Book of their manother. the From behind hunting a plainly It was stuready. astute an to himself be proving it they that clear was walking of ner for suitable novel the Mulek, game, this In small for work. of dent weapon hunted, being or hunting either were flora the into has gone author the time and of minimum a with use

carefully, slowly, for they went where country of the fauna and a left hip hung his space. From

charthe as well lived, as them. about looking Mulek always quality, exquisite of small sword of who and women acteristics men large and behind was one The design. and workmanship, assume story the of action the made fellow powerful a looselimbed, that life. he slowly to N. trueness so vigorous J. a moved He carried an age. middle nearing He and teacher a been has reguWashburn the with almost to go seemed since implement indispensable ax, people, and interest an will what knows dance. of The a larity rhythm and

to this knowledge cut a from to proceeded it has way necessary often was the into closely looking was man story of fascinating Book a weave The undergrowth. the through ground. the hid that He brush dense days. of Mormon Zarahemlaite, the other, Mulek, that intentness an with hunting was

young. was tense. almost was were dressed in soft leather Both

is no longer blood upon "There

Chapter I garments that protected them from the trail,"the other said suddenly. greedy fingers and clutching the noticed, Our Omer. I had "So feet forest. were Their the of teeth the copper with was hot, day the of cover the to -rame taken has that kept sandals in a heavy only shod and beating down,Thesun lose him, shall I fear we the underbrush. of the air to dampness stirring the from them slight breeze the within already dark for it grows wore heads they ground. coolness. Small illusion of On theirgive an shadows."in strange turbans, colored bebrightly occasionally floated thatclouds

tween sun and earth gave a few and agreeable contrast with the moments of welcome relief. somberness of the other parts of T-Jardly had he spoken when there

Within the jungle, however, there their costumes. came an outburst that was neiwas a delightful freshness where the The young man carried in his ther a squeal nor a grunt though it

ageold earth had hoarded its damphand a short, powerful bow to the had much of both. It shattered the

22 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA rushed to his side. The youth smiled

ruefully and regarded his ruined hunting suit and his bleeding leg.

"It is nothing,"he replied as he looked down at the carcass that still

N. WASHBURN quivered and kicked at his feet.

"Anyhow, it was worth it."In a

gesture of genuine admiration he silence. Although the men had been the rich dirt but came up instantly, touched the boar with his toe. "He

awaiting just such a cry, they were his jaws black with earth. was a fighter, with more courage in

startled, it was so near and so wild. Omer dared not use the ax again his heart than is to be found in many

Mulek whirled as if without his own for fear of striking his master. The a man."

effort. For an instant the older man young man could not recover his The servant tore a strip from his

was rooted in his tracks. equilibrium in time tomake effective undergarment and bound up the

From a clump of bushes at the use of bow and arrow. Dropping wound. It was, as the other had

foot of a large tree shot a living them, he snatched expertly at the said, nothing, but it would cause catapult. thin blade at his side. It seemed alconsiderable inconvenience and disIt was a wild boar, not large, but most to anticipate his wish, it came comfort before it could heal.

ferocious beyond belief. His eyes away so quickly. The hunter met "That is the best we can do now,"

were bloodshot; his mouth and jaws the oncoming beast with a deadly the attendant observed when he had

were brutally torn; his tusks, ugly thrust. The sword passed entirely finished. "Later we shall require a

and stained, were like the dull points through the boar's body from side physician."

of rusty weapons. From his thigh to side, from shoulder to ribs. So "Thank you, Omer. Gather up

protruded the shaft of a broken arfast was the animal coming, so powmy things, and we shall be on our row. erfully did he strike the earth that way. The day grows late."

The servant swung with his ax as his body sprang along the shining the animal charged, but missed, so sword until his snapping tusks f\MER withdrew the sword from sudden and terrifying was the atflipped bloody foam on the man's the boar's body, wiped it on the tack. The beast, mad with pain, arm. leaves and then on his own hunting

struck Mulek on the leg, slashing Mulek put out his hand against a suit, and handed it to his master. He

open the legging and making an tree to steady himself for a moment picked up the ax, the bow and arugly gash in the flesh. Both man because of the strain on mind and row, and the body of the boar, and

and brute lost balance and reeled. body, the shock to nerve and flesh. prepared to set out for the city.

The boar plowed head foremost into "You are wounded!"Omer (Continued on page 24)

JANUARY 1948 23

MUIEK OF ZARAHEMIA

( Continued from page 23 ever whim came to him he would Mulek brought himself up short,

Mulek adjusted his clothing, tried gratify if it pleased him to do so, jerked rudely, as it were, from his a careful step or two on his injured whether it came to challenging a contemplation of the city. His leg

leg, and moved off toward the edge man, on any pretext whatever, or no was getting worse; it was becoming

of the wilderness to the east. pretext at all, or giving away princestiff and exceedingly painful. SupAnd what a wilderness it was! ly gifts. He was wholly selfish, not pose it laid him up for a few days at

There were trees of every kind and in the sense that he injured or ophome!

size, of every age and color, some pressed others, but that whether he Perish the thought! What would

with slick boles and others with bark gave or took, it was for the satisfache, Mulek of Zarahemla, do, conlike a landscape, some with branches tion he derived from the act. He fined to his house for days on end?

and leaves delicate as lacework, denied himself nothing that promHe found it hard enough as a gentrees that stood proudly by themised or gave any thrill or profit of eral thing to remain still or in one selves, trees that huddled together any degree or kind. place for even a few hours.

in a frightened fashion. Branches Moreover, he was in a position to Then a new worry came to him.

and vines and serpentine creepers feed his desires. Mulek, thanks to He had an engagement on that very

ran confidently here and there or the wisdom and position of his late night with some acquaintances, a felt experimentally about. Flowers, father, was immensely wealthy, with matter that promised some diversion

long unused to sunshine, seemed not properties in many parts of the land. of a kind he had never had before,

to miss it, for their hues were bright He commanded one of the greatest and he rejected violently the thought and even gay. fortunes in all the country of the that he would have to miss it, even

Birds and animals were everyNephites. while he began more and more to

where, covert and hidden in the More than that, he was a direct favor his throbbing ankle.

presence of the master, man, or descendant of those first Mulekites, screeching and barking and chatterof that line of kings fathered by A malickiah, a man of tremendous ing noisily and angrily at his inZedekiah of Jerusalem. He could powers and winning manner,

vasion of their habitat. Birds with trace his lineage straight back to the with some friends, was stirring up

crooked feet, with big bills or fanfirst Mulek, son of Zedekiah, who widespread interest in a reform of tastically small ones, with gorgeous had come from the doomed Jewish government. Mulek had no concern

plumage or dull as earth, with songs capital. whatever with either government or

that thrilled the hearer, or noises reform, but he did look with anticthat disgusted him, large birds and "Rut for an accident of history, the ipation upon the process of bringing squabby birds, ugly or graceful change from kings to judges, he about changes, if this process furbirds, birds, birds! They were there might even then have been the ruler nished him entertainment.

his ofin nation. incredible of His dislike responforms. numbers and

city, limping the entered he As sibility laziwork, his natural and a wilderness it was! What a gathernoticeably, upon he came

ness, his in absorption the interest, and quest it, without Through of street, large in the ing group a gratificationwithout behaste, fear, without kept him from Mulek for intently to be appeared people who coming than more prominent heof Zarahemla made his way toward in In something. interested a mohis home. was.

in his practised had taken eye ment

It had been said of Mulek, the Something of all this went through details to enable him to enough in Mulek's hunter, as in his mind delight deyoung he made way, and smiled. gathering. identify the He painfullyspair, in in slowly, pride and that anger, and homeward

fully as one as good be This would his hunting, like else his from for choosing him.there was no one He upon Amalickiah's addresses ofwas at once the best liked, the most passage, as always, the most poputhe

misunderstood, and the most thorlar thoroughfares, for he loved to be subject of the government. He knew happening, and once was whatoughly disliked, the most popular, seen. at

he also what was going he knewand the most shunned among the As he approached the city of to do about it. Here would be at leastlegion of those who knew him. SeeZarahemla from the west, he could

ing him for the first time casually, not keep his thoughts upon his in- a few minutes'sport.

one would have been sure he was jury nor even upon himself. SomeIn the center of the circle of men

just passing from youth to manhood, thing about the city he loved always and women stood a familiar figure, and that impression might have pergave him a sense of pride, of power. familiar even in the lowering dusk,

sisted had not one noticed the deep It was the noblest city in all the familiar to almost everyone in all the and searching quality of his eyes, world of which he knew anything. land of Zarahemla. It was the priest,

eyes that knew too much and had Zarahemla, capital of the land of Shiblon, brother of Helaman, chief seen too much for one who was still that name, was a princely place set high priest over all the church.

very young in years. Having seen upon the broad sloping side of a It was a common affair, Mulek

more of him, no one could have mountain's foothills. It was like a told himself, or would be unless he

doubted that he was more than a rare gem in a priceless setting, brilcould redeem it from commonplaceyouth in experience. liant in its beauty, looking eastward ness by injecting some life into it.

His one passion in the world was to the sea. Near its walls flowed the He would do his best.

the pursuit of pleasure. He lived for silver Sidon on the east, a rapidly He wormed his way with little

the enjoyment of each minute of evwidening stream late from the wildifficulty through the outer fringe of ery hour in the livelong day. Whatderness to the south. ( Continued on page 48

24 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA...and so the MOVIES!

iSu rlflarbafan C s/o5epkson ASSOCIATE

jjp's a date,"and Mary hangs up ly captures the fancy of everyone at the phone and announces to Oince movies have become so imthe big ball. And even though she

* the family that she and Bob are portant a part of modern living, is exposed, she has won the hearts going to take in a movie. And away the Era feels that Church members of the hero and villain at least, alalert benefit to the should become though it takes some strenuous dothey go—a sample of the endless lie in this that them. In and danger

stream of young and old, who, eager brief series, we are emphasizing a few ing on the hero's part to rescue her for entertainment, file into the movof the important questions to raise in by ascending a waterfall, rescuing ing picture houses throughout the rating movies. Some of the subjects her singlehanded from the Indians,

world. And this movie business is to be treated deal with plot, charand taking her back down the falls

acterization, theme, message, comedy, without too much difficulty. Thean expensive one—both in time and truenessto-life or veritragedy, andin money. We seldom stop to think similitude. following statement indicates how

of the millions of dollars that roll If you have any suggestions or one writer feels:

into the ticket offices or of the bilcomments you should like to make, lions of hours that are consumed in the editors will gladly welcome them. The movies in the United States have

going to shows. The Editors captured the universal language of the human race. Our pictures have topped the

But more important than the market for years. They have colored our

money and time spent, important as lives, affected our social mores and acted chief the interpreter of the States United are, that ideas the arethey are with, the directors but they—or habits, manners, standards and—itsas places these oftaken from away trick Horatio Alger and do some the throughout world. here connot I am to the everin the everything have wonderfulamusement—sometimes thei cerned merits of the with product.

lasting good of the moviegoer, and end. Whether the pictures do us justice, whether

more often to his eternal detriment. A recent example of this is they approximate the true portrayal of our

are subjects of separate not to And who are these high moguls the seemingly historical spectacle, folkway—thosecontroversy. I do even care argue

of the movie industry that have Unconquered. In this movie, the whether they are educational or merely

made such inroads into the lives of slavey goes around in gunnysack, entertainment, for I am persuaded that all of us, and have done so much to (which cannot subdue her beauty, education at its best is high entertainment shape our desires? They are men else how could she become the fitand that entertainment at its worst can't

and women who have discovered ting subject for battle between the help but be bad education.1

our weaknesses and how to play on hero and the villain), until at long them. One of the most deleterious last the hero clothes her in gorgeous These influences, noted and ineffects of the movies is that they silks and laces, which he had sidious, that Mr. Ernst does not go

tend to play up a set of false standbrought for his faithless sweetheart into, are of course the very fiber of ards. Innately in all of us lies a de- (a favorite trick of the movies to that with which we are concerned.

consider that in all of the we createsire for beating wildly the help hearts When what do luxury-—so films of countries the world, these find for the hero!). sorry which directors feel somovie some do? They

lush piece in which the actors loll Now these clothes, although deare being shown and that many of about in magnificent homes with signed for another and carried the countries are producing films of gorgeous clothes and jewels that are against such a need by the hero into their own patterned on them, we simply fabulous, where the food is the wilderness while he is hunting may guess that, for better or for completely out of this world! Oh, of down renegade whites and Indians, worse, the movies are tending to

L. Ernst, First The Freedom. Macmillan

181 1946, p. York,course, in some rare instances the are donned by the now scrubbed Co.,1MorrisNew

characters don't have much to start and radiant slavey, so that she easi- (Concluded on page 31)

JANUARY 1948 25 soon as the meeting was thrown open for discussion, James Pace arose and in a calm and dignified manner proposed that the drawing be thrown out. He faced the leaders fearlessly, arguing well for both

sides. There was often a stir of dissent or approval, but he finished and

sat down again, knowing that he had gained nothing. Other speakers followed. Tension grew, and, to

avoid disaffection, Piatt dismissed the meeting, promising to reopen the discussion in the evening, giving

A very early picture of Bluff, Utah. men time to humble themselves before the Lord and pray for guidance

in the matter.

'T'he evening session was stormy.

in the Reports came in that some of HOLE ROCK those who had drawn blanks were taking things into their own hands

By 4una lrince f\edd and staking land which had already been staked by those who had drawn their allotments. Debate folChapter XIII Conclusion Already they were surrounded by lowed debate, and again the motion Indians—three to every white man was made to throw out the lottery.

Next morning the men gathered camped against the bluffs. The call And this time it carried.

for the drawing, and by the to every man had been identical. "We're still going on,"Arabella

time the sun was up only the The responsibility for the success of told Mary, after the meeting. "Stanwomen and children were left at the the mission was identical. Why ford drew a blank, and he's sticking

wagons. Scarcely a word was should it be different now? to it."

spoken. There was a list of names, "I can't move out of my tracks,""I know. Stanford's like that.

and as each man was called, he was Bill Hutchings cried. "We ought to Sometimes I wish he wasn't so painto reach into a hat and draw his share alike, I say. It don't look fair fully upright. He stands in his own

slip. And there were but few who to me!"light most of the time."

did not dread to draw. How would "What could be fairer?"Kumen Arabella silenced Mary with a

a man feel to draw a land number argued, trying to turn the direction swift look of surprise. "I'm glad

while his even his of men's talk. "We all had the same enough to go to Montezuma,"she friend—perhaps father or his brother—drew a blank? chance. Look at the leaders, even. said. "I'm sorry that you don't unNot a man was in a position to move Why, Brother Lyman, himself, drew derstand, Stanford believes in folon. And those who stayed might a blank. So did George Sevy. You lowing the leaders, not in having the

have to face greater odds than those don't hear them complaining. And leaders follow the whims of the peowho went. But the habit of obedino one did more for the mission than ple. And I'm not sure but that we

ence to counsel and authority was they did!"were the lucky ones."

strong. They had endured too much "You got your land allotment, Mary sighed. If things kept on

to waver now. What was fair for Kumen, I notice,"someone jeered. as they were, friend would turn

one was fair for all, they said, and "You can afford to talk with mush against friend, and there would be tried to believe it. in your mouth."no happiness left.

One by one the slips were drawn. "He never talks with mush in his "It was voted that we should all

One by one men walked away. But mouth,"Stanford cried. "I drew a share alike in whatever the future

not singly did the rumors die. Fed blank, and I'm goin'on. There's holds, Arabella. You could stay

by the flame of hunger and privajust as good fish in the sea as was here if you would. I'll be lonely if

tion, consumed by desire to possess ever caught out of it."He spat at a you go away."

and till the soil they had lost so lizard and walked away. "I'll be lonely, too, Mary. But it

much to gain, those who drew Sunday, April 1 1: Again the day is better for some to go on. With

blanks began to murmur. Those who was warm. In spite of the sense of our growing family we need more

drew slips could do little but agree insecurity and rebellion that was room than we can have here. And

with them. evident in the camp, the Sunday it's only a few miles to Montezuma.

Who was in a position to move morning services opened with calm You'll have to come up the river to on? Was not one man's team as regularity. Shaded by a broad old trade, so we'll get to see each other

crippled as another's? Had they not Cottonwood that was to share intiat least twice a year. I can hardly

all fought together and alike? Then mately the life of the little comwait to get started. You go ahead

should they not share alike? Who munity, the people waited through and help Kumen build that big rock

had earned favoritism? Who was shortened preliminaries for the fatehouse you have planned so long.

not needed to complete the mission? ful discussion of the drawing. As First thing you know you'll not miss

26 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA anyone—even the folk back home.""Why do you say stormy exist- "Not with that horde of Indians

Again Mary sighed. "What need ence?"Mary demanded. "You mean hanging around!"Kumen smiled

will we have for a big house—or 'for trouble with the Indians?"ruefully, "Their cayuses are cleanacres of land? It doesn't take much "I mean outlaws, white or red, ing us out of grass, just as the

to take care of two people."and there are plenty of both. We'll squaws and papooses are cleaning us

Arabella's arm encircled Mary's have to struggle against the greatest out of food and belongings. They

waist. "Do you remember the day odds a people can know—not the fight among themselves and try to

of the quilting back home, Mary,"least of which is the country itself."fight with us."

she said, "the day the call came?"Mary looked at the glowing cliffs "They are pretty quarrelsome, all

Mary nodded. that towered about the little valley, right. One threatened to strike me

"You were unsure of everything "I don't see how there can be anyyesterday while you were at the drawing."Kumen swung Mary toward him.

"Mary, don't ever leave camp alone,"he warned, "not for one single minute! Our only protection

is to keep together and hold our tempers. You and Aunt Kisten

should move your wagons closer to the main camp! That Indian will be

back!""He'll not dare. I threw scalding

Left to right: water in his face!"

Kumen Jones; Jens

Nielson, first bishop; Kumen's lips closed in a tight line

Lemuel Redd. of apprehension.

"Don't you worry about me,"Mary said with grim determination.

then. Unsure and afraid. Now you thing but peace in such a spot as "I'll be careful—but I'm not going

are sure and unafraid. Already the this,"she said I want to stay here to give them everything they want.

women of the camps look to you for till I die."They'll find I'm not afraid of them!"

help, and by the time you're a few "And so do I. But there are some "What did the Indian want? Was

years older you'll be mother to evin our company who are getting it anything special?"

wedding one "Oureryone. as fast as to they quilt—the Then you'll have a full and away can—back us."rich life."your mother made for southern or Utah, to Coloon east

"You're kind, Arabella. And, rado towns. We who stay will have "You shouldn't let them see such

somehow, I feel my roots going a heartbreaking, neverending task, things!"

deeper and deeper into this place, as trying to keep water from the river "And why not? Haven't I got a

if we had known it was for us since in our ditch."right to air my own bedding?"

before the world began. It's strange

places, fit into fit or don'thow we it?isn't there'll be a I know Somehow

fulfilment for us here."

Stanford called, and Arabella kissed Mary goodbye. "Whatever

comes to either of us,"she said, "you will be the first to hear. Goodbye, Mary."

TIary shaded her eyes against the morning sun and saw them drive away. And with the last

bouncing jolt of the wagon that came back to her, came the sure belief that she would never see Arabella again. She began to cry, long BLUFF CEMETERY

wracking sobs that shook her and left her spent. Kumen came and "Why, Kumen?""He'll be back, Mary. And I hope

stood beside her, wordless in the "We have no materials to work I'm around when he comes."

face of her grief. Their fingers met with. Nothing for building a riprap "No Indian will get my log cabin

and clung together for a moment, except porous cottonwood logs, quilt!"

then they turned and walked toboulders, and sand. Our teams are "I almost believe you,"he said.

ward their allotted piece of land. too poor and weak to pull either "And, anyway, we've got too much

"Our town will be larger today wagons or plows."to do to worry about a wedding

than at any other time of its stormy "But now that we are here where quilt. There's the ditch to build."

existence,"Kumen said regretfully, there is plenty of grass, the teams "And what about a house?"

"Many more will go away."will pick up,"Mary said. {Continued on page 28)

JANUARY 1948 27 a

HOLE IN THE ROCK

{Continued from page 27) both flying into the yard in time to Because the Indians were so ar- "That, too. I'll cut the logs while see the backs of five young Utes, rogant and insulting in their deyou start clearing the brush away."fleeing in a cloud of dust. mands, the Indian word potlatch

"Hadn't we ought to give our "They've been up to no good,"became the most feared sound a town a name, Kumen?"Kumen said grimly. "You'd better white woman could hear.

"Bill Hutchings started calling it stay in the house."But it was the ditch, not the InBluff City, and the name seems to "And leave my setting hen?"dians, that was the real threat to

stick."Mary cried. "Not if I know it!"the colony's existence. No sooner

"I like it,"Mary said emphaticalShe raced toward the small brush was a riprap begun than it went out ly. "It saves me the trouble of thinkchicken coop, but Kumen's shocked again, swept away by a capricious

ing one up."voice, calling her name, sent her flyundercurrent in the unpredictable

"Someone is coming, Mary. A ing to the corral. river. From the first, teams had been

horseman just came in sight from up "The cow!"Kumen cried. "Every too weak and too poor to stand,

the river."udder gone!"much less to work, and men were

"No—it"Maybe it'slooksStanford!"like—Mary, Mary took one look and turned forced to pull the plows by hand for it is! away, attacked by a deadly faintthe planting. The ditch crew rolled

It's George Hobbs!"ness. She leaned against the corral huge boulders to the river banks to

"He's come back to the mission."fence and shook with sobs. reinforce the dam, because they

"I knew he would. People like A sudden, sharp intake of his could not pull them and the wagons

George Hobbs never quit. He'll help breath brought Mary's head up from too. Miles of the ditch they dug by

to relieve the situation here. He has the fence. She saw his eyes grow hand with pick and shovel. And

great weight with the Indians."cold with anger, saw him rip a stake with the grueling work went the

There were tears in Mary's eyes from the fence, saw him raising it gnawing of incessant hunger.

as hand in hand they walked out to threateningly above his head, then But with high hopes the people meet the scout. let it fall to his side, where he planted their crops of corn, barley, impotent it trembling, with clutched enough cane, with that of sugar oats, and days trying long, thepOR hands. plantfor bread. women The beds the wagon first summer a wheat grunt, surprised a was There the waste without gardens, small or ed open, and bedrooms, asserved white woman every that guttural water carried seed, single and a of rooms. living for shedsthreesided whirldread, and to Mary come had up. seeds the to bring river all the from springing up began housesBut Piute, insolent young face an to ed

over town, built of cottonwood logs astride his horse, grinning with Mary watched for the breaking that were so crooked they were deviltry because he thought the through of her first green rows. And

called ram's horn timber. white man had not dared to strike. when they came, something vibrant

"Our walls bow in and out with "You!"Mary gasped, and before responded within her. They were life—new and rewarding—thewonderful irregularity,"Kumen she could think what was happenlaughed to Mary as they worked on ing, the Indian had whirled his horse promise of something wonderful to

their house. "Chinks from an inch and was gone. come. She would keep them alive if

to "twelve inches thick! I'm glad "He's the one who wanted our she had to carry water every hour

that's your job."wedding quilt,"she said dazedly. of the day until the ditch came in. "

leave only would the Indians "If happiness alive with simply "I'm now see what he's "And—and get something alone, day as he oneus we could told her father she done!"

done, Kumen. I declare nothing is She turned from the dying heifer came hobbling up the path to visit

safe from them. I had this end nearand walked away, not knowing that her. "I never saw plants grow so

ly chinked up yesterday, and a the new calf lay dead behind the fast."

bunch of them slipped in and tore it manger, cut to slits. "Dot is good. Ve have little to

all out while I was down at the river eat. I have rationed what food ve

for water.""P\AY after day their malicious dephave to the ditch crews, leaving the

"I told you not to go away from redations continued, for Brigvimmen and children to go hungry!

the camp alone,"Kumen cried. ham Young's policy of feeding, not It is all ve can do."

"Renegade Utes are on the warpath. fighting, the Indians had been "If only President Silas Smith

mistreated being are Indians in adoptedThe began, rejoin us—"Mary

the river, and along places upsome sharply, interrupted father aster. Women—oftenalmost to the pointalone ofin disthe wouldbut her

it reacts on all of us. These Indians town for weeks at a time while their "It is for us to do our own vork.

they but friendly, for working were away husbandsare apparently See you keep this garden growing!"cruelfor with their finish the ditch, and to goosepimplesraise money

to turned started but away, He their in mutilating our stock Killing, wagor and foodty. clothing—lay are hapgently, glad "I'm you say listening to the coyotes night, of it, stripping at fun for the our onsjustpoultry of feathers, and—howl, dreading to hear the savage py. Ya."His brows knit together

"They'd better not touch my setshriek that would precede an atin a sternly parental line, "My ting hen nor bother our little new tack, for they were constantly surdaughter, ven the time is ripe, I calf. I'll kick the first Ute or Navajo rounded by warring factions who shall have a blessing for you—

that tries it!"fought each other upon the least very great blessing. You shall see."

A sudden wild whoop sent them provocation. (Concluded on page 46)

28 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FROM TEMPLE SQUARE By RICHARD L. EVANS

our fears are not removed in this able to look every man in the face, flew jrears and \Jld manner anyway but merely postliving within our means, buying

Any man who could free other poned or exchanged for new ones. wisely and carefully rather than

men of all their fears would Perhaps there are few, if any, in this hastily and foolishly are important surely have an innumerable followlife who are free from all fears. Perfactors in successful and contented

ing. Fear is a killer of men, a dehaps the fulness of this cherished living. Of course there are those

stroyer of peace and effectiveness, blessing is reserved for heaven. But who take their debts lightly. There

and to be free from fear is an ideal the nearest approach to it that we are those who assume that a debt is earnestly to be sought after. But no know of comes to free men who are a creditor's worry and not a debtor's

man can free all other men of all willing to work, who have faith in worry. And there are those who

their fears, for no man can control the future, trust in God, and a conhope that they will never have to all of the factors that contribute to science that deserves to be quiet. pay—that some miracle, some Santa

fear. And if any man could control—November 2, 1947. Claus, or some forgiving soul, will

all the factors of fear, he could conrelieve them of their honest obligalittle also. a Let's look trol us furLJn Ljolna rnto *JJebt beentions. theButundoingthis false,ofphilosophymany a man.has so. this to ther see if is not Consider, for example, just one of the '"There is a commonplace proverb Optimism is a glorious attribute.

that says which "ProcrastinaBut it takes than more to optimism fears that in the minds is uppermost the thief time."of It a promise 1 But there meet to pay. would also intion is the of fear of economic men:

security. Suppose that it were posis also another thief of time which appear that there are some who

sible for any man to guarantee all preys upon the present and the funever intend to pay. But incurring

other men freedom from this fear. ture, and that is debt. As an eight- a voluntary debt without the prosIf this were so, should we not then eenth century almanac expressed it: pect or intention of paying is a flahave cause to fear the man who had "If you want time to pass quickly, grant form of dishonesty. When

the power to make it so? If he had just give1 your note for ninety we owe money, we owe it. And

the power to give so much, would he days."The future comes fast when money we owe is another man's

not also have the power to take it a debt is coming due. There are money. So much for not getting

away? And should we not then have many reasons why men go into into debt. But when we do get in,cause to fear his whims and caprices debt—some unavoidable, some we have an obligation to dig out as

and changes of purpose? And, since seemingly necessary, some foolish best we can. And, in the words of

men come and go, should we not and inexcusable. But no matter how Thomas Carlyle, "two ways of paythen have cause to fear that new good or how bad the reasons, no ing a debt"are by "increase of inPharaohs would arise, and that old matter how avoidable or unavoiddustry"and "increase of thrift."8 If

fears would return? You see, we able, trying to figure out how to pay there is anything we should worry

are sometimes guilty of seeing only for yesterday's expenditures on toabout and do something about, it is morrow's prospects is a discouragour unpaid obligations—for a manpart of our problem—for the removing of one fear often leads to aning picture. That which is beyond in debt is not a free man.

other. And satisfying as it would our ability to pay, ultimately proves—November 9, 1947.

be to be free of this one fear, there to be beyond our enjoyment also, is more to life than this. The man in because juggling pastdue bills, iEdward2 R. B. Thomas:Young: Farmers'Night Thoughts.'Almanac, 1.1797.1742.

jail has food and shelter. And anyapologizing for unpaid obligations, sThomas Carlyle: Past and Present, X, 1843.

one can get into jail. Cattle are fed and walking out of our way to avoid

and physically cared for. But neimeeting the man to whom we owe

ther the man in jail nor the cattle in money make life miserable. Being (conversation with

the corral have much to offer that {conscience interest has anywould who man 1 have a frequent JhVery man should of the fruitstasted of freedom. Loss

of freedom is too big a price to pay conversation with his conscience.

Conscience is an excellent counselorfor the removal of this one fearit hasn't been with too tamperedeven of many fears. And actually—if

i (Concluded on page 30)

TLJeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nation- a a wide radio network through ksl and the columbia broadcasting "system every sunday at 11:30 a.m.

Eastern Time, 10:30 a.m. Central Time, 9:30 a.m. Mountain Time, and 8:.30 a.m.; Pacific Time.

JANUARY 1948 29.

THE SPOKEN WORD

(Concluded jrorn page 29) science into a corner on almost any much. Of course it is to be admitted issue, for the moment at least, by S>peclhcatlon6 of

that an active conscience is often telling ourselves only one side of the very inconvenient. It sometimes instory. But, when a man tries to outJrappinete *

terferes with some of the things peoargue his conscience, one of two or ple think they want to do, which three things may happen. Either Oerhaps it is a good time to remind

conscience tells them they ought not conscience becomes more acute and ourselves again that mere things to do. And so, many men make the finally wins its way; or he may siare not as important as is our attimistake of trying to talk down their lence it for awhile, or seem to do so, tude toward them. It is possible for

conscience. Often they do talk it until it begins to talk back with people to put themselves in a frame

down. They do small things to added vengeance; or he may persist of mind—and many of them do

which they cannot give inward apto the point of wearing callouses on where they know they can't be happroval. Then conscience begins to his conscience—to the point where py unless all that pertains to their

talk, and they begin to talk back. it becomes dull and unresponsive. material world comes up to certain

And it sometimes becomes a quesBut when conscience becomes dull, arbitrary specifications—the house

tion of who is going to listen to so do other sensibilities. Increasing they live in, the car they drive, the

whom. And if they are persistent callousness of conscience means inclothes they wear, and the pleasures

enough to quiet their conscience on creasing callousness of spirit, and they pursue. We can readily make

some small matter, there then may that means knowing less and less of ourselves unhappy by setting our follow something a little more serithe sweet and simple pleasures and hearts upon things which are not ous, and a little more talking back the finer feelings of life. Conscience essential to happiness. Most of us

to conscience. Thus the degree of is a safety device, and when we are happy in the years of our youth,

offense or of neglect or whatever it tamper with safety devices, we give with only small things to make us is, may be ever increased. By this an open invitation to trouble and to so. It is not until we complicate our

progressive process there is almost tragedy, to misery and remorse. lives or until we let someone comnothing in which we cannot justify When a man thinks he is winning plicate them for us—until we beourselves if we deliberately set against conscience, actually he is come victims of our environment,

about to blind our inward eyes. By losing. victims of false standards, of wrong

this process we can crowd con-—November 16, 1947. thinking—that we find great unhappiness. It might be well on ocsit to casion soberly and condown

force, of moral mouth, weakening this fact: front ourselves with Our a of values, distortion of the senseMnLaeu5 * forefathers, pilgrim pioneer and and

selfdepend- from weaning away uncounted millions of others inDerhaps it would not be untimely failure to survive. even ence, and generations, present have and past of Antaeus, retell the story to of this application is another the There sincerely the without been happy strength whose mythology, of giant tangible but story, less ancient

was unconquerable so long as he fully as important. Sometimes men, material things which we think are

to essential happiness. so our There his mother, in with contactremained their small wisin of the ignorance

to these pertinently mind come his to came Earth. Those who allto themselves be presume dom, to that Timothy: Paul wrote words wrestle to compelledcountry were of in of sufficient matters and mind

is godliness contentment with "But such, not knowhim,with and many spirit themselves from withdraw and gain. nothing great brought For we his strength, of the source woulding in imFather that whose and God it is certain this into world, and we he earth, from to which himthrow 1 dwarfing made. they age were A It out."nothing carry can would rise greater power, gain andwould of the a blighting of mentality and that the superstructure that seem fell. Hercules, But thanstronger he result, spirit the are within what and lives should complicates be our of story, forewarned the so runs failis physical follows than worse

it is, that for recognized and what the throwing things, avoidedthese it of that affects ure, part because as desirable are nonessentials, they lifted high him giant but down, spirit is which man immortal—his to not should or be sometimes seem earth, strengthgiving theabove intelligence. inferences These and to permitted confuse and be warp Antaeus and was weakenedwhere timeof story Antaeus teach the from thinking us make and unhappy our inin are midair. Therestrangled less truths: themremove who Men if them. don't proper have With we clasthis to fromferences be drawn the far selves too fundamental from is pleasthere perspective profound

is thatsic the reminder myth. One spiritual physical sources of and in simple ure and commonplace is a to earth living theclose good life of strength, does whose way

things. freedom, with with And physical and of moral andsource earth, quite or touch not heaven

spiritual strength. This is the verrun the risk, like Antaeus, of weakstraight thinking, and with clear obdict of history as far back as it goes, ening and withering. For safety we jectives, any generation can learn

and those peoples and those nations must keep our feet on the ground, to live happily without unlimited and those civilizations who have and our thoughts and lives in touch material comforts and encumforgotten it have not fared well in with higher things—o,r we shall be brances.

times of crises. Being too far restripped both of physical and spirit-—NovemberCopyright.23, 1947.19t7

often has from the soil causedmoved ual reserves.

livingloss to of security, from hand—November 30, 1947. M* Revised.Timothy 6:6-7.

30 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA AND SO THE MOVIES

{Concluded from page 25) Vice is a monster of so frightful mien, succeeding failures were bearable in to seen; hated be needs but to be the face of the work that had to be

oft, familiar seen face, her too withcreate attitudes—and those attiAsYet

2 done. Their indomitable will totudes are being crystallized into acWe first endure, then pity, then embrace.tions—again, for better or for achieve, not for themselves selfishly,

worse. Drinking, too, becomes a combut for the scientific world and the

monplace among movie characters. world at large through scientific

Tn a recent news release some terAnyone who watches the casualness application, superseded all the diffirible crimes had been perpetrated with which liquor is consumed in culties that lay in the path.

in one of the states of the Union. the movies cannot help feeling that Certainly it would be unfair to

When the criminal was appresomething should be done to counstate that the broken homes in the hended, he was questioned concernteract the matterof-factness with world are directly traceable to the ing his actions. In the course of the which this consumption of liquor is effects of the movies. Yet it is untrial, it developed that he had gone accepted. In fact, all but the very doubtedly true that the increasing

to a thrillerdiller movie, had comsecure believers in our principle of divorce rate has been given an immitted the crime, had then gone to the Word of Wisdom could easily petus by the laxity with which the another of the same type of movie be misled into thinking that our marriage vow is considered in the which had further whetted his apstress on total abstinence is unespictures. When the final judgment

petite, and he had gone out again sential. is taken, the movie moguls will have

and committed another crime. to answer for much.

insidious influence of the Another writer stated: There are those who state that it A nother

is impossible to trace any effect on movies is the easy attitude tohas Hollywood love Flirtatiousmarriage. antiAmerican made and wardsthe hearts of those minds and who

all propaganda the over world prodi- a on fickleness for ness seem, the and most inthisattend picture shows. Yet scale. gious it's popular. Of Men qualities part, the after sought mostcident reported police by was like who piece of cheesier coursecheesecake—the It is in the movie. rarely only modern the girls the like the violator the questionedhad love of to see better—andtheir

law. Other reports of a similar nathat we find a movie that glorifies being made.... How then can you expect

nations other to respect as marriage. a moral exceptional you example Oneture of a matter have been made

nation? could of answer, course, You with in that of Curie was which Madame cited.record could and be of justice degree some truth: and "Hollyof the love the Curies became

isn't America."a wood necessarily This not Granted: does but mean how

that we should condemn movies unwondrous thing. Their devotion carwere we to know better when, as it were,

of Pierre, of the on in spite the death only could Americans in the meet wequalifiedly. are There many good ried 3 flesh happened tourists? to be your this feature picof Another goodmovies, but they are so interspersed

ture the strong loyalty family it is difficult that thewith ones bad all this boil does to? What down and children the and love—betweenwas to toto see and know what what it boils Well, just this: If to down their parents grandparents, and as seeing.avoid there orare no And the to wish give movies we us what that well as between husband andganizations that preagencies or in they could all of good, the way wife. This too, movie good, was that fully satisfy can moviesview of us attend movies bewho must it for the of attachvalue showed calibre toLatterday Saints the as intelligent critics more come of that to a great cause. ment the Because theof show. see. Criticism, the we by way, Curies to which they knew wished what

We have certain ideals and standaccomplish, the hardships which includes the good and the bad. A

ards which must be maintained if we they had to undergo became reladefinition of this word reads: "the

are to remain worthy of the name tively unimportant. This picture art of judging with knowledge and

Latterday Saint. And yet movies made the audience feel that poverty, propriety the beauties and faults of

flagrantly ignore or openly violate inadequate housing, loneliness, even works of art or literature; hence,

many of these standards which have similar consideration of moral or been given us by divine revelation. 2AIexander Pope, Essay on Man, Epis. II, 1,217 logical values."4

One example of this violation is And, strangely enough, the more smoking, which is accepted as the accurately we can judge a movie, the most casual action on the part of better will be our enjoyment of the men and women in most movies. good movies which we elect to atThe smoking has nothing to do with tend. As we increase the number of

the furtherance of the plot, as a genintelligently alert moviegoers, the eral rule; it merely gives the actors better will be the productions that

to theirsomething with do hands will the producbe filmed—because bit of actionsupplies a that could ers will can't learn that they foist

easily be cared for in other ways. just any old thing on us, and they

The result of seeing this constant will become more careful of that smoking, even upon the most stable which they use as the basis for theirof our people, tends to lessen the lmwm wares.

force of our ideal. We need only

recall the verse of Pope to indicate sHeinrich Hauser. The German Talks Back, Henry

how true this is: Holt4G. && Co.,C. Merriam,New York,Webster's1945, ppCollegiate2728 Dictionary

JANUARY 1948 31 the mind for greater achievements. It would be

thing rather consciously a fearful to be if we had (L*ack eJjau a View UJlear to talk. take for time every aware we wished We

t-ToLiDAYS sometimes have a way of becoming granted that we can walk until something happens confusing since they seem to be an endall thaf makes us realize how important a habit we in themselves. Yet behind each holiday is a have formed. Thus good habits are a source of

psychological reason for its having been so dessatisfaction. The payment of tithes, when made

ignated, a value for humanity that should be rehabitual, is not difficult but becomes, instead, a called whenever this day returns. The universal matterof-fact action. Attendance at church, if

Christian holidays of Easter and Christmas, for regular, no longer becomes hard but becomes the example, should have great significance, indicataccepted thing to do on Sunday. The nervous

is so remarkable that an action reing as they do, the resurrection as well as the birth system of man of the Savior of the world. Too frequently, howpeated numerous times forms a pattern that is difever, we get lost in the celebration and forget the ficult to break and thus adds to the ease of everyidea behind these two special days. day living.

And so it is with New Year's. Behind the day, Bad habits, likewise, make strong patterns. If

if we are to break a bad habit, the struggle must itself, is the idea of a beginning—a repentance,

basis, supplanting the on a dayby-day bad again and do begin begin to opportunity you will—an this the habit with is the chief value good. And is the gospel of more principle better. And no

needful than this for humans who are subject to of New Year's resolutions, since they make us make mistakes. New Year's epitomizes this printake stock of our shortcomings and make an aboutciple with the hopefulness that lies in making of face in our actions. There is great merit in actually

new resolutions. But resolutions for this day are sitting down and considering our weaknesses

purposeless and insignificant unless behind them is squarely. In this way we learn the proper evaluathe determination to make each day a new adtion of ourselves.

venture in the art of living, attaining a little bit Too often we are content to accept ourselves at closer to the ideal which is set. the evaluation of those who love us, and who love

In a resolution, as in repentance, each day is a us in spite of our faults, not because of them, beginning. Naturally, the day's actions are conwhose prejudice in our favor may react to our

ditioned by those of all the yesterdays in a person's detriment unless we can learn to accept their love life. And what those yesterdays were and what and still retain the proper perspective on our own

today is will constitute what tomorrow will be. shortcomings.

Keeping the New Year's resolutions will be deterAnd thus we have the New Year—when we

seriously consider of the end life, the reason may charthe largely by the mined yesterdays—plus for our being. Latterday and purpose Saints final To the them. In making the person acter of

estimate, each new day is a beginning, a New this has especial value, and since this is true, each

Year. Whether we make any resolutions on the day should be to us a new year, a time of emphasis

first day of the year or not, makes little difference. of our good qualities, and a time for change of

Each of us should certainly make resolutions at our bad characteristics.

frequent intervals in order to improve ourselves And we should learn, likewise, to live one day and then we should see that we keep the resoluat a time—fully, completely, to the best of our

tions. ability. When we need to repent of our actions of

There is only one way to assure the todays and the past, let us do so, and having repented, let us the tomorrows, and that is to scrutinize carefully close the door on those mistakes and face the today and wisely each day. Each morning a careful conof our lives valiantly and unafraid. As we close

sideration can be given to the important things the door on the yesterday, so we must not try to that need to be done. Thus inconsequential things borrow from tomorrow. We must rest securely in

will be eliminated; the day will be cleared for inthe day that is within our grasp, that it is possible

telligent action; and accomplishments of permanent for us to mold, leaving yesterday and tomorrow

value will be made. And in the evening the day in the hands of the allwise Father of whose incould be reviewed to learn what has been achieved. finite mercy and wisdom we have had repeated

Each day thus becomes a step in the progress evidence. Let us then take the new day that is

ours and with God's help make it into a day of that we desire to make—a sure building for eternity, since the dayby-day actions become an shining beauty, a realization of the aspirations and

integral part of that eternal life. It is only gradualthe resolutions that we have made. Then each

ly that we attain perfection, not by any sudden day will be a New Year, and each New Year a in our progress toward a happy eternity. miracle. We are creatures of habit, and most of milestone the time grateful for that fact, since habits release—M. C. /.

32 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA authority of the priesthood conferred upon them. cxlx. Which Jf6 Ljreater—However, it was made clear that when the Church

was organized both of these young men must be furledthood or the Church: baptized into the Church, and ordained elders in

the Church. The instructions were explicit.

According to John Taylor, third President of the "... the word of the Lord came unto us in the

Church, priesthood "... is the power of God chamber, commanding us that I should ordain

delegated to intelligences in the heavens and to Oliver Cowdery to be an Elder in the Church of 1 man on earth."This definition has been confirmed Jesus Christ; and that he also should ordain me to

by the leaders of the Church. For example, Joseph the same office; and then to ordain others, as it

F. Smith, sixth president of the Church, said that: should be made known to us from time to time.

"It is nothing more nor less than the power of God We were, however, commanded to defer this our delegated to man by which man can act in the ordination until such time as it should be practi- earth for the salvation of the human family."Uncable to have our brethren, who had been and who

der this definition nothing can be greater than should be baptized, assembled together, when we priesthood. Nothing can transcend the power of must have their sanction to our thus proceeding to

God. All things must be the product of that power. ordain each other."3

Of course, man does not possess all of God's This was actually accomplished, for on April 6, power. Enough has been bestowed upon him to 1830, the Church was organized. The six organperform every work connected with the plan of izers, including Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery,

salvation for the human family. On earth, man were baptized into the Church, confirmed members

needs no more. of the Church, received the gift of the Holy Ghost,

However, whenever the Church of Christ exists and ordained to an office in the priesthood.

on earth, all priesthood activity operates within the "I then laid my hands upon Oliver Cowdery, Church. Only when the Church does not exist on and ordained him an Elder of the 'Church of Jesus

earth, can men hold the priesthood "at large."The Christ of Latterday Saints'; after which he ormoment the Church is organized, all holders of the dained me also to the office of an Elder of said

priesthood can use their priesthood only under the Church.

authority and direction of the Church. That is, at

proceeded to call out and ordain no time when the Church is organized can there "... We now

be on earth two classes of priesthood bearers: some others of the brethren to different offices of

those who use their power within the Church; and the Priesthood, according as the Spirit manifested

those who use it outside of the Church. unto us."*

The baptism and ordinations already received, In fact, the Church is a product of priesthood, and can be organized only by those who hold the empowered Joseph and Oliver, under God's compriesthood. It is the instrument through which mand, to organize the Church. But, thenceforth

priesthood operates. In a true sense, on earth, their power and authority could be exercised only

diits authority within the under Church, and and priesthood Church and the are as one—neither can the rection. priesthood conThenceforth would be other. the function without

ferred only by the Church. No one in mortality

This was clearly set forth in the beginning of the could exercise priesthood rights outside the restored Church of Christ. On May 15, 1829, beChurch.

fore the Church was organized, Joseph Smith and Thus, without the priesthood there can be no

Oliver Cowdery were ordained by the resurrected Church; without the Church, there can be no

John the Baptist, to the authority of the Aaronic priesthood in full operation on earth. Priesthood

or Lesser Priesthood. Under that authority they and the Church are as one, inseparable. Therefore,

were then baptized. A short time later, the resurthe question as to the relative importance of priestrected apostles, Peter, James, and John, conferred hood and the Church has no meaning for mortal

the Melchizedek, or Higher Priesthood, upon the man.

young men. They were now baptized and had There are those, who having been excommunibeen given all necessary priesthood power, all that cated from the Church, believe that they yet retain

the Lord has seen fit to confer upon anyone on the priesthood which they received under Church earth. authority. That is folly. Whatever has been reBut the Church of Christ had not yet been orceived under Church authority is taken from a man

ganized. Therefore, about this same time the Lord when he is cut off from the Church. Only the

instructed Joseph and Oliver to organize the memory remains to vex his soul.

Church of Christ. This they were to do under the {Concluded on page 50)

xThe Gospel Kingdom, edited by G. Homer Durham, p. 129. sDocumentary History of the Church, vol. 1, pp. 6061

2Gospcl Doctrine, p. 173 (first to fourth editions); 239 (fifth edition ff.) nbid.. vol. i; pp. 7779; see also D. & C. 21

JANUARY 1948 33 Housecleaning Made Easy

By KATHERINE D1SSINGER

unnecessary to upset the whole

It'shousehold for housecleaning when planning and organization of the Rugs should be vacuumed or beaten spots, the simplest way to clean it is work can easily take the place of and brushed thoroughly to remove dust. to use equal parts of cleaning fluid and

hubbub and frayed dispositions. There are on the market several excelhot water. This should be placed in a

Starting several days ahead to aslent rugcleaning powders, which simscrew-top jar and shaken to mix.

semble all supplies needed to do a plify the business of cleaning soiled Wring a square of turkish toweling thorough and efficient job, to make rugs. These are brushed into the rug, from the mixture and go over the enminor repairs, and to do incidental jobs allowed to stand for several hours, or tire surface of the upholstery. Work

such as cleaning drawers and cupbetter, overnight; then vacuumed out. on an area about a foot square and

boards and washing windows on the On very soiled rugs this powder treatstroke the fabric gently but firmly, outside is recommended. ment may be followed by a shampoo. working with the weave of the material.

When you get to the room itself, Make a thick suds of mild soap and If upholstery is definitely spotted take down curtains and shades, remove brush on suds lightly with a moderateand badly soiled, it will have to be vases, knicknacks, lamps, and lightly stiff fiber brush, being careful not to spotted and shampooed.

at backing. a small area on walls wet furniture. papered Work Dustweight the cleaning spots with on the Work with off suds immediately a time. covered Wipe soft brush or broomwith a sparingapplied fluid mixture hot water

with a cotton flannel bag. Dust hangs a clean cloth wrung out of lukewarm ly with a toothbrush to avoid soaking

downward, so when you brush walls, water. Work with nap. To be sure the stuffing, working from the center.

brush up. This prevents smearing and your rug is color fast, try out a small This is effective in removing most stains

streaking. inconspicuous area first. caused by blood, fruit and food stains,

Wash the woodwork and washable Roll back the rug and scrub floor grease and mud. Use carbon tetrawalls with a soft cloth wrung out of with as little water as possible and wipe chloride for removing gum, wax, and

lukewarm suds. Rinse with a cloth up immediately (never allow water to lipstick; French chalk for ink and

floor or painted soak a hardwood clear water out of and dry imwrung fabrics stains. and or medicine Some

paste liquid or linoleum ), then apply apvarnishmediately. woodwork To sensitive to these may be some colors

ply paste wax with a clean cloth. Rub wax and polish. spotremoving agents, so always test

polish with a wellin thoroughly and the back inconspicuous in spot on an cleaning preparation window A good fine lintless cloth it that to givesoft, apRepeat piece the before using. of "* a chamois wiped away with of wellkept woodwork.glow if necessary. skin or plication

a soft, lintless polishing cloth makes been removed, the spots have When gleam. wish to make (If you windows

is shampooed. to be piece ready to the vinegar cup use onehalf your own,

one gallon of warm water. ) Never use Prepare a soap jelly by dissolving onesoap when washing windows; the half cup soap flakes or shaved mild bar

streaks it makes are hard to remove. soap in one and onehalf cups hot

If the windows are very dirty, wipe water. Bring to a boil and cool. Add

them first with a crumpled paper towel one tablespoon household ammonia.

or napkin. This makes enough to clean two or

When the room is clean and shining, three pieces of furniture.

the furniture takes its turn. Wood and Place four tablespoons of the soapmetal surfaces may be washed with jelly mixture in a pan, and add one pint

mild soap and lukewarm water. Follow of hot water. Use a rotary egg beater

with a clear water rinse applied in the to whip the mixture into thick, rich same way and dry immediately and suds. The trick in giving upholstering

carefully. If scratches show up, they a successful shampoo lies in applying

can be made almost invisible by rubthe suds to the fabric by using a minibing with a scratchconcealing furnimum of water. To do this you can use

ture polish, available at a paint or a small brush with medium stiff bristles.

houseware department, or with the cut Dip the brush into the warm suds, surface of a black walnut. The polish shake out excess water, and using a

or nut surface should be applied to the firm pressure stroke the upholstery, material, the the of with weave area surrounding scratch and working and mild tepid use the and water Have the into gently the suds and work down in well. rubbed for surfaces, soiled but slightly forsoap

fabric. the the suds of surface (When in furniture conthe good keep To tablewalls,dirty a few greasy add and batch.) fresh gray, a up make become entire dition, to the paste apply wax cleaner to paint a ofspoons powdered surface the a with wiping Finish by soft, polish with well a surface and these of are a water. numberthe There from dry very towel Turkish wrung lintless cloth. at the grocerycleaners to found be

clear, thoroughly water. warm When first upholstered in cleaning step The paint departorstore at or houseware a nap. dry, brush up is dusting. really furniture meticulous a in sugproportions thement. Used

all use cushions a whisk and Remove will label, the not harm theygested on is brush paint ordinary twoinch A N clean to old toothbrush an and broom grease the paint, accumulatedthe and just for the ticket whisking dust in seams. cracks cords and along Use * jiffy. in dirt a can be wiped awayand

If, after washing, enameled walls look the brush gently, especially if the upfrom book tops and bric-a-brac that faded and dull, apply a thin coat of holstery is of the nubby type or you are not washable.

laundry starch to give them new gloss may break threads. Next, go over the The window cleaning preparation

and sheen and to make the next washentire surface with the vacuum cleanmay be used on pictures and mirrors, ing job easier, since the dirt will wash er spiral attachments if you have one. but be careful not to get the moisture

off with the starch. Waxing painted If the upholstering is not soiled or inside the frames.

window sills and surfaces receiving spotted, this thorough brushing will Soap and water are usually all that hard wear will make the paint last twice probably be all that is needed. Howis needed to clean the china and stainas long. ever, if it is soiled and without definite (Concluded on page 36)

34 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Josephine B. Nichols

KToneysaving and wheatsharing menus and recipes:

Breakfast

Stewed Prunes

Fried Cornmeal Mush with Syrup and Butter or Margarine

Milk

Luncheon or Supper

Baked Lima Beans and Tomatoes Boston Brown Bread Apple Sauce Milk

Dinner

Creamed Chicken in Rice Ring Buttered Broccoli Apple and Celery Salad Lemon Sponge Cup Milk

Fried Cornmeal Mush

1 cup yellow cornmeal 1 cup cold water 3 cups boiling water:/

1 teaspoon salt

Mix cornmeal with cold water, stir into.

boiling salted water, cook five minutes, stirring constantly. Cover, place in double

boiler thirty for continue cooking minand

1 tall into greased utes. Pour or cans No. "3 HATE d&%tetU Sbe"slice Cool.round molds. Unmold, Y-inoh

thick roll in cereal crumbs and fry in // melted fat. Serve with syrup or marmaIt's the worst soap in the world.

lade.

No matter where I hide, sooner or later Baked Lima Beans and Tomatoes 3 cups cooked lima beans FelsNaptha finds me—generally sooner...

2 tablespoons minced onion 12 cups canned tomatoes I've tried every place you could think of—

1 tablespoon chopped green pepper 1 tablespoon butter or margarine towels, handkerchiefs, pillow cases,

Yi teaspoon salt even shirt collars and cuffs—it's no use. Mix all ingredients together. Pour into

greased casserole and bake in moderate When they change to FelsNaptha, I'm finished (350oven F.) sixty minutes.

Boston Brown Bread Oh, oh!—here comes that awful soap again.

1 cup sifted flour It's after me. I can't stand it.

1 cup cornmeal 1 cup whole wheat flour I'm going.. going. gone.

teaspoons soda l teaspoon salt l teaspoon baking powder H cup molasses 2 cups sour milk lA cup raisins Vt cup nuts (if desired)

Mix dry ingredients together. Add liquid

(Concluded on page 36) Golden bar or Golden chips. FELSNAPTHA banishes'TattleTale Gray"

JANUARY 1948 35

COOK'S CORNER

( Concluded from page 35 Cook rice in four quarts boiling salted

three greased onepound cans baking salt, butter, meltedJfaL ingredients and stir twentyfive times. Fill water. Drain and rinse with hot water. and pepper. Pack Add

full. three hours or pressure Steam cook in firmly ring in greased mold. Bake in modsauce pan forty minutes at fifteen pounds erate oven, 350 F., for thirty minutes. Unpressure. from Remove can and dry in mold on hot platter; fill with creamed

250 ten slow oven, minutes.DESERET

chicken.

Creamed Chicken In Rice Ring Lemon Sponge CupsNEWS Creamed Chicken 1 cups cooked chicken 2 tablespoons butter or margarine 1 can cream of mushroom soup % cup sugarPRESS y2 cup evaporated milk 4 tablespoons enriched flour

Yi cup water 34 teaspoon salt 34 cup sliced pimiento 5 tablespoons lemon juice 34 cup chopped green pepper 1 tablespoon grated lemon rind 1 tablespoon grated onion 3 eggs, separated 1 teaspoon salt 132 cups milk COMMERCIAL

ing ingredients, cook ten minutes. Serve in rind. and the welllemon on juice, Add AND EDITION riceHeat soup in double boiler. Add remainCream butter, add sugar, flour, salt, lemring and garnish. yolks beaten egg have which been mixed

the milk. with in the stiffly Fold beaten PRINTERS AND Rice Ring into greased egg whites. cups. Pour custard

BOOK BINDERS /42 cupscup melteduncookedbutterbrownor margarinerice Setat 350cupsF.infora fortyfivepan of hotminutes.water andCoolbakeand

salt, pepper unmold. Serve.

PAPER RULING

HOUSECLEANING MADE EASY

( Concluded from page 34 done by hand. Soak them for ten minlrofe65lonal resistant porcelain enamel surfaces. It utes or so and wash by pushing up and

is unwise to use harsh abrasives. They down with the hands. If badly soiled,

and Social makeand maketiny thescratchessurfacewhichhardercollectto clean.dirt lukewarmrepeat withwater.fresh suds. Rinse in clear

sinks, stains discolored from remove To If curtains are or sun bleached faded toilet lavadrainboards, and bowls in spots, they one with be tinted may several 2)tatUoner> tories, thickwith cover them nesses of paper towels or rags and of the allpurpose tints or dyes which saturate with household bleach. Let act equally well on all fabrics. Whethstand for five minutes. Remove the er to starch or not depends largely on

for inmaterial. rayon, Celanese or cloths and the surface will the 29 RICHARDS STREET towels stance, does not be stiffened. need to again. be white

its in hanging Its beauty depends on are washable. shades modern Most

folds. soft swiss, other the Dotted on blinds the can Venetian and be washed

crisp. certainly Starch, hand, should be

in PHONE 4-5521 straps with dipped brush a scrubbed stiffness, is for not often though needed is suds. easily This lukewarm most

last in to the small very amounts added flat the blinds laying out done a by on it rinse the to as water, seems make large surface. table or other Many longer. curtains stay clean

roller successshades can be washed fully. Simply lay the shade out flat. If the curtains are to be stretched,

Dust both front and back with a brush take the measurements before washing

Once A Year... orwithdrylightcloth,suds.then spongeFollow offwiththe asurfacequick measurements.and adjust theHookstretchersthe wet tocurtainsthese

rinse and dry as fast as possible. evenly onto the tacks, putting three or

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Drapes that are not washable must, four curtains on the stretcher at once.

of course, be drycleaned, but many of Lacking stretchers, hang them carefully the drapery fabrics wash well. Lukeon the line, folding panels in the middle

publishes a complete index warm suds made with mild soap proand pulling hems and sides straight and to make your volume more tects colors. Sturdy fabrics can be true. When dry, remove without unvaluable as a reference washed in the machine, but fragile ones, folding, dampen and roll as folded, then

work. It is suitable for bindparticularlyservice for severalthose thatyears,havearebeenbetterin ironmiddleon crease.both sides. Open and iron out

ing with the year's twelve issues. A copy is yours for

a threecent stamp.

*2* Street =2S* 50 North Main Salt City 1, Utah Lake IjappQ fatu fear

36 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Editor's Page

( Concluded from page 1 1 finding it, the best recipe that I could give to obtain happiness would be: Keep the commandments

of the Lord.

As members of this Church we may not excuse ourselves as the people of the world may who have not been properly taught and do not understand.

the Therefore, watchmen upon for i.OO Ideas! is Good Pipes, Lakeside, a "bacheOregon, Marvin

see to it that of Zion, do youtowers kitchen our passed but his guy"Menu Idea right! year us that famous lor Send Start the new

not shirk your responsibility. See recipe of yours... the one that looks so good test with flying colors! Any pure, luscious Tea

to it that you do not turn aside from and tastes so good because of the pure, rich, Garden Jelly or Preserves will do this trick!

into that delicacy homestyle goes Tea Garden that our opportunities Heavenlythe $5.00. here, Please get it's printed If you Topping Tea Garden in your has placedFather way too. Tea dealer's Garden name, your to be it!send fresh or stale 12 marshmallows,

11. Francisco Products San Company,helpful. hot water Yz cup

.Telly Raspberry Black Tea Garden % cup felloving our forward, us Let go of in top marshmallows and water this fine years First published ago, 54

boiler. until old Placedouble marshmallows Heat their desiring always men,low uprecipe sent in Miner, Mrs. was by Amanda Jelly stir often. melt; Tea Garden Add

rich,lift it with Auburn, the gosblessing, Washington. carrying made and We Serve blended. until thoroughly whip and

pel message in such a way that the fullflavoredLiked it lots! Tea Garden Peach Preserves! onToast,preparedor cakepuddings,slices. ice cream, French

adversary shall have no power to stay it. Tea Garden Bread Fritters Mother! Spread a little Tea Garden Bing

Get the Spirit of God and keep it. 121 cupthinTeaslicesGardenwhitePeachbreadPreserves Cherrybroiler Preservesuntil bubbly.on crackers;Serve withheatmilkunderfor

flour it 4 is will CUP the are the lunch. plump, These only afterschool keep wayAnd we

1 rich milk cup. cherries loves everybody sweet, red and his living him, keeping nearby by 2 eggs

better aren't there just preserves any. made.

off sandif desired. crusts to bread, only Cut Makecommandments. The way outside kitchen! your own filling. for preserves wiches with Combine is this the for worldpeace pathway flour, milk, until eggs. smooth. Beat Dip in in mixture. melted butsandwiches Fry Christof gospel of the our Jesus

Lord. There is no other.. terServeor goodpipingshorteninghot; 2 to untila serving.golden brown. hamEveryoneor coldravescuts.aboutAndthisViolasauceSlavin,with bakedPasadena, can well be proud of her newfound use

7ry Tea Garden real oldfashioned Red Raspof colorful Tea Garden Red Currant Jelly!

berry Preserves blended with melted butter and spread lavishly on waffles! Notice how

these big, sunsweetened raspberries keep Tea Garden Spicy Sauce justcolor natural bright and fresh COUNTERPOINT their Yai/4 cupcup TeapreparedGardenyellowRed Currantmustard Jelly flavor. picked the say "Mighty good eating!"

until beater egg Combine whip with and By Dorothy Marie Davis menfolk. as that! blended. simple As thoroughly

! And delicious

Mrs. E. M. White, Burbank, knows her baked

desays are she "these beans the most when is not the can most a symphonyMusic you'll like specially well thing Tea about One licious tasted. ever you Syrup Garden Tea be.

.. Preserves. they're Blackberry Garden brings flavor!"the out satisfied forgotten, hear, to I had tasting, too! seedless! Rich wonderful And

by the soothing fire at home, a symSmug phony Tea Garden Baked Beans spreadand homemadelikecake filling,!a Everysundaejarsauce,is a readyto-a smart

topping. It pays to keep several jars Is luxury for eye as well as ear. 1%1 mediumcups smallonion,drymincedNavy beans dessert

1 teaspoon dry mustard handy!

4 tablespoons it Tea Garden is pattern; is subtle orchestra dance;An

Western Fancy Syrup is It tympanists, too; of a drama 3 tablespoons brown CO. PRODUCTS sugar TEA GARDEN thrust the that violins and sway;And black teaspoon pepper V2

trombones'prance, Va lb. salt pork, bacon, or ham diced

The leaping up of brasses at their cue. Soak beans overnight. Cover with boiling

water; simmer until skins are broken.

Combine onion, mustard, syrup, sugar and

It is the bend and turn of pages all in time, pepper; add to beans. Dice salt pork; add

The shadows of bass viols on the wall, to beans. Place all in beanpot or casserole

Fingers that scamper down the harp, the with4 or 5tighthours.lid. StirBakeoccasionally;in slow ovenadd(325waterF)

pantomime if needed. When nearly done, add salt if

Of the conductor, dark against them all. desired. Serves 3 or 4. Double the recipe

if your family likes beans!

Here are the dreams of forest trees fulfilled like genuine oldfashioned quince you // last at it jelly, get Tea Garden! has all You'll find

articulate, to march, to skip! grow To all sparkle, the the tartsweet goodness

And sullen metal, once earth's bony fist grandmother's famous recipe. An omelet,of

held fast, covered with Tea Garden Quince Jelly and

Mutable now, a song upon its lip! dusted with powdered sugar, makes a wonderful winter dessert!

I had forgotten that a symphony can be PRESERVES JELLIES TABLE SYRUPS GRAPE JUICE MARASCHINO CHERRIES A harmony of sound and pageantry.

JANUARY 1948 37 rfV 4-

In Retrospect and zee Looking Forward Touring the past year manyStake Presidents and Counselors, priesthood leaders and quoMission Presidents and Counselors rums have attained outstanding Re: Ordering 1948 Melchizedek Priesthood

achievements and made lasting Texts and Lesson Outlines.

Brethren: Dear contributions. look back We announced, Church History and Modern Revelation, As previously of a feeling deep 1947 with upon

appreciation for the loyalty and second series, will be used as the study course during 1948 for all devotion of our brethren. Through Melchizedek Priesthood quorums throughout the Church.

I of the Documentary Hisyour unstinted efforts the work of The text will be the last half of volume the Lord at the close of the year tory of the Church, written by the Prophet Joseph Smith. The suppleis in a healthy and growing conmental outline of the course has been prepared by Elder Joseph Fielding

dition. Smith of the Council of the Twelve.

the outline are Distribution lesson Both text and now available.

Sometimes, in the rush of things, will the through Deseret and its be made Book Company we assume that those of you who cost. The prices, postpaid, will be $1.50 for the text and 35 centsagenciesfor theat

carry the responsibility of presidoutline.

ing in the stakes and quorums Cash with the order will expedite delivery, and all requests should know how we feel toward you, be forwarded directly to the Deseret Book Company, 44 East South and thoughtlessly we are apt to Temple Street, Salt Lake City, Utah. All checks or money orders

devote these pages to problems, accompanying requests for the course should be made payable to the reports, and instructions rather book company.

than to expressing the appreciaIt is desired that the stake Melchizedek Priesthood committees and tion we feel. We want you to mission presidents present this matter without delay to the priesthood

endevotion and know that your it jurisdiction. their expedite the handling under of orders quorums To

is appreciated, and couragement for is orders that missions through be placed the suggested stakes and it is apparent that the Lord is stake committee or mission president. Subsequent orders may be mailed

blessing your efforts. by quorums and individuals as required.

For years the need for a comSince the study course for 1948 is a continuation of the 1947 outprehensive Melchizedek Priestline, brethren are encouraged to avail themselves of both the 1947 and hood Handbook has been felt. It 1948 supplements as well as volume I of the Documentary History o/

is with sincere pleasure that we the Church. These supplements could be bound into one volume and

announce the publication of such serve as an excellent reference work in connection with volume I of the a handbook. This will be made Church history. A limited number of 1947 lesson supplements are still

available without cost to all ofavailable at the cost of 25 cents a copy.

ficers working with the MelchizeBrethren will do well to place their orders promptly.

dek Priesthood. It has been pubFaithfully your brethren,

lished in looseleaf style to permit General Priesthood Committee the insertion of pertinent instrucBy: Ezra Taft Benson

tions and information from time to time. If conscientiously studied

this task. of the The work utilized, it should properly and be Quorum Presidencies plishing

secretary is to be directly supervised aid a valuable in making the new year one of greater purpose and Responsible for Reports by the counselor in the presidency (in achievement. the case of the seventy by the presiis question the infrequently in dent) charge factfinding of the and VJot to all of our extend you As we the statistical not or to committee. whether as raised presThe quorum heartiest greetings best and

particular ident, in turn, any has continues presidency to the bear quorum that wishes, our Heavpray we with quoprime in responsibility connection insuring for the responsibility blessings choicest enly Father's in a that is It numwelfare the of evident reports. quorum. rum the through attend comyou may

is felt It that that brethren or have recommended cases a of ber week that ing continued year your and all reis appointed, before the of two secretary a report period end a once will activities in righteousness rolls records has the the of for in presidency and charge member sponsibility their everof bring reward you that factfinding the of secretary statistical and to the and shifted combeen strive increasing happiness as you the mittee either quorum invite of responsibility arrange secto the the only fellow to serve and him your reports signing is retary of to his call that at or to president home that suggest durmen. the we May the secretary last completed. the of are home Sunday they when ing the year your coming you do "Is this arises, the of quarter. report question ten spending the By But

heart with whole and work fifteen presidency or together minutes the the quarterquorum enough? Does

litis will so you succeed—thereyour in its responsibility report ly fully properly can be quorum and discharge

tle competition. May the Lord connection with rolls and records when quickly completed. It is then ready for

bless and keep you! such action is taken?"the signature of the quorum president.

The General Priesthood The answer should be obvious. So In the case of high priests, the presiCommittee of the far as the quarterly quorum reports are dency should contact all group leaders

Council of the Twelve concerned, the quorum presidency in advance and request them to meet has a much greater responsibility. The similarly with their group secretaries.

secretary is only an assistant in accomTogether they can complete the group 38 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN athood Conducted by Dr. Joseph F. Merrill

CONDUCTED BY THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE

TWELVE—HAROLD B. LEE, CHAIRMAN; EZRA TAFT BENSON, MARION G. ROMNEY,

THOMAS E. MC KAY, CLIFFORD E. YOUNG, ALMA SONNE, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG,

L. A. IVINS, RICHARD EVANS, OSCAR ANTOINE R. KIRKHAM, S. DILWORTH Jitcohol and Ujton

R. YOUNG, HUNTER, MILTON R. BRUCE MC CONKIE

thirteen talks of a series winter to contribute. of ["AST sake For theHow to Administer Ward expected given the over Columbia was convenience such assessments be may

entitled System network in part to groups and quoBroadcastingCash Welfare Assessments apportioned in general which a "You and Alcohol"Priesthood rums of the Melchizedek of Quorums and Groups within the ward. Such assessments are survey was made by competent speakmade to quorum members, not as a ers on the various phases of the alcohol

Priesthood quorums and their memquorum or group, but as individual problem. All speakers agreed that the

creof alcoholic beverages has in the bers producshould assist paruse groups members. ward Where

first improblem of ated a manysided for the of the usetion of materials ticipate funds, such funds and collect bishops in carrying out their bishops'are not to be regarded as either quorum portance. It is estimated by informed

storehouse program. In meeting this or group funds; they are merely cash observers that about sixty million peoresponsibility the bishop has the right welfare assessments to be turned over ple in the United States indulge in

to call on any member of the ward, to the bishopric and receipted for by it. drinking one or more of these beverwhether he is a high priest, a seventy, Wise bishops will not attempt to ages. This in spite of the fact that all

an elder, a priest, a teacher, or a deaassign their ward cash welfare assigndoctors and many others know, as con; none is exempt. He may ask them ment only to those holding the Meldeclared by the Journal of the Amerito help him produce. They are not bechizedek Priesthood, but will work out can Medical Association, that,

yond the bishop's jurisdiction at all an equitable basis whereby all ward Alcohol is a poison inherently, absolutewhen it comes to the care of the poor. members, whether they hold the priestly, essentially; in a drop or in a gallon, in

Priesthood quorums, so far as the welhood or not, may share equally in the all quantities and in every quantity, it is a fare work is concerned, are to help the responsibility and in the opportunity to poison.

production. this in of matterbishop participate. of alcohol nature truth the of This

call for to that should respondThey foregoing recommendations The in stronger expressed could hardly be to just a should respond as theyhelp instrucin current conflict with no way is a of course poison language. And to call or teaching and go to do ward all collected groups funds that tions by sixty for million man."not "good Yet sick. to are the toadminister They activities are functions for or quorum Is this fact drink! not Americans his load. carryhelp the bishop the to quorum. administered be by light in truth, as the the of astounding

for assignments are All budget made can assessments welfare cash Ward First of the the Presidency stated by general thecommodities Church by as as nor considered neither quorum be in in general 1942: conference Churchwelfare committee. commodities The assessrather are funds; they group

required for the annual budget are apments made by the bishopric in which Drink brings cruelty into the home; it

portioned to the several regions all ward members are required to parwalks arm in arm with poverty; its comthroughout the Church according to ticipate. panions are disease and plague; it puts

their productive capacity. No cash In addition to assisting in the bishchastity to flight; it knows neither honest

it is fair to stranger dealing; a total nor are assessmentswelfare made by the ops'storehouse program, priesthood

it is it the conscience; truth; bodydrowns welfare committee.general Church for establish projects the quorums may

it. all evil; of touch it curses guard who

its region apportions budgetEach raising to of funds to purpose which with misery, has and brought more Drink woe its supervision. stakes severalthe under their rehabilitation carry and on work hearts, homes, wrecked broken more more

Stakes in turn allocate the stake budget to carry on quorum administrative and committed more crimes, filled more coffins to the several wards comprising a ecclesiastical work such as maintainthan all the wars the world has suffered.

stake. ing missionaries in the field. Such (The Improvement Era, p. 686, NovemIt is evident that occasionally an projects will help to build up priestber 1942.)

aside are these level quorums. But hood andassessment on a ward is made

reof the evils This characterization it storehouse bishops'program from thecircumstances render impracmay sulting plain, direct, from drinking is his the bishop through performsticable, the which to impossible, if not meet and powerful. How normal, intelligentassignment in the commodities rewelfare function for which the welfare

in large people such toy numbers can inaugurated. find cases programquired. In bishops was such may

all anything with characterized by it priesthood welIn all cases asquorum to cash welfare necessary make evils, is crimes, these terrors shockand activities are fare with to be correlated in to providesessments order a means all ing. indulge are, in drinking Yet who bishops'program. listed storehouse the for the securing commoditiesof The

guilty of of course, not these gross point of contact is the weekly ward general budget.the cash assessWhere the inherently wrongs. dangers asYet

all meeting. committee are welfare are made,ments ward members

liquor sociated with are consumption still there. One of the most dreadful

reports and send them on to the quocomplete this year's work well. Please of these is alcoholism, described by one

rum president the same day. Then the remember that both the annual conwho knows as "the most painful disgroup reports can be compiled without fidential and final quarter reports are ease known to man."As to how great

delay, and the job will have been comdue to be in the hands of the stake this danger is may be indicated by an pleted efficiently and well. Pulling toMelchizedek Priesthood committee by article written by a wellknown docgether makes a world of difference. January 7, and summaries are to be tor in The Reader's Digest several

May we urge those responsible to sent to the general priesthood commityears ago. The writer said that about

continue to work unitedly together and tee by January 15. (Concluded on page 50)

JANUARY 1948 39 YOUTH WARD LEADERSHIP OUTLINE OF STUDY

FEBRUARY 1948

'"pHE lesson for February will be a review of the study material presented in this column for March and

April of 1946. The helps and information presented during the past two

years have been so valuable that we desire they be reviewed and reempha- sized. Each month, in this column, we

will suggest the lessons to be reviewed, and they may vary in number from one to three.

Realizing that not everyone will have the RexburgLatterdaycentennialSaint Girls,parade.RexburgThisSecondrecognitionWard, andRexburgour congratulations(Idaho) Stake, mayand betheira bitprizewinninglate, but theyfloat arein

kept a complete file of The Improvenone the less sincere and are packed with good wishes.

ment Era and the Church Section of

The Deseret News for the past two years for reference, we will mimeothe fifth of every month to the ward Ward Teaching graph the lessons suggested for review secretary. This information is not to

each month and mail this material dibe obtained from the ward clerk or rect to every bishop one month in adthe secretaries of the auxiliary organQuestions and Answers vance. The bishop should immediateizations.

ly turn the material over to the leader The ward secretary is to transfer Question: Who should serve as

who presents the lessons so as to proaccurately each girl's record every chairman of the ward committee on vide him with the opportunity to make month from the advisers'reports to the ward teaching?

adequate preparation. master file of individual record cards. Answer: The bishop, as presiding

Advisers are to encourage and invite authority and the one responsible for girls to attend sacrament, Sunday the spiritual and temporal welfare of

LD.S. Girls School, and Young Women's Mutual his members, is the chairman of the

Improvement Association meetings. ward committee. He should not deleInstructions for Leaders They should set the example by being gate this authority to others.

present to welcome girls at these meet- 1/"eep a file of all instructions to stake ings. Question: When ward teachers are

as assigned companions, of should one as Determine, possible, as the soon leaders of and Latterday ward be appointed them as senior comof public addresses Latternumber by girls, asSaint given the Presiding by panion?

girls Saint to given each be day month inBishopric Improvement Era The: this Yes. Answer proceWhere girl that will so every have opporan Deseretand SecThe Church News

is little is dure there followed opporqualify tunity this in to requirementtion.

All advisers are to ask personally looking to the Individual Certificate of tunity for misunderstanding between each girl in the group, each month, for Award. companions.

her attendance record at sacrament, Latterday Saint Girl advisers, SunQuestion: Should ward teachers visSunday School, and Young Women's day School and Y.W.M.I.A. teachers it regularly at homes where the wife is

Mutual Improvement Association of the three age groups of girls will find a member and the husband a nonmem- meetings. it profitable to coordinate their plans ber?

Individual and group records from toward reaching girls who need their Answer: Visits to such homes

the advisers are to be submitted by friendship, understanding, and love. should be made only when agreeable

to the husband.

Question: How many times should

ward teachers call at a home before credit can be taken for a visit?

Eightysix Latterday Answer: Credit for a visit should

Girls, Saint Liberty Stake, Salt City, not be taken until contact has been Lake "engaged in a Church made with one or more members of the welfare project"by family in the home capable of receiving picking eighteen bushels of grapes grown on the message.

the Churchowned Lund Home at Centeryille, Utah. Question: Who should appoint the

members of the priesthood to do ward teaching?

Answer: The bishopric should select

and appoint all ward teachers.

40 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA w&ojmc*

Progress of Aaronic (Ldited bu <=JLee M. f-aume?

Priesthood Choruses

A review of the progress made during the past year in organizing

Aaronic Priesthood choruses throughCALGARY WARD, LETHBRtDGE out the Church discloses that one hunClimbingSTAKEhigh(CANADA)amid the granthese Rockies, Canadian of the deur thirtyfivedred stakes are fully and feted lads were Priesthood toorganized the singing promote Charles Bishop leaders, their proAaronicby gram. Reports from these stakes indiBilling,Ursenbach,and histhe counselorgeneral secretaryD. W.

cate that fortyseven percent of their M. Hornberger. We expect to hear

wards are fully organized, that they are thatStandardtheseQuorumboys qualifiedAward forfor 1947the rehearsing regularly, and that the song withAwardanfor Individualeach one ofCertificatethem. of

book, entitled Aaronic Priesthood

Choruses, is being used to good advantage. It is further indicated in the

reports that the remaining wards in these stakes are making preparations to have Aaronic Priesthood members participate in choral singing as soon as music directors and organists can be Aaronic Priesthood Leaders appointed.

While this record gives us some reaSee Yourselves As Others See You satisfaction, for there remainsson yet

Sill, the experience was related by Sterling former bishop of The following W.

toa great be amount of work the currently Bonneville executive chairman Stake, and of done if Garden Park Ward,we are to obtain our objective "an acBonneville Stake Aaronic Priesthood committee. Aaronic Priesthood workers:the

tive Aaronic Priesthood chorus in each Could this happen in your ward or in your stake?

ward of the Church,"the rest at priesthood of the and Silt ing thirty than stakes and more With &1 SterL*l9 W. another hour. I arrived at the church

fifty the of percent ofover the wards

Church still unorganized to promote VK7e sometimes learn most readily by about ten minutes before nine and waiting one for found deacon someone sweet, bitterthis realization the of the program, our and contrast—the to the open could church door so he

It effective the and bad, far theobjective removed. seems is the good and

inside. get eight 9:30, deacons had By in writer a set the that to dull. responsible those was the Recentlyhoped

the at arrived aradviser 9:32 and

that in there learned organizations city stake was distantthese and and ward rived. let the unlocked and door He

there. will Saint Church The delay Latterday withoutmotion proceed and a

I if I in. the attend might asked boys

their priesthoodjoin the those reaping are had deacon's quorum boys whose also. his sat in his chair and down He

in at a.m. mornblessings participation on follow Sunday 9:00 meeting which

first explain to announcement to was activity.this wholesome

these late that boys had he out been the night before and had not read the lesson, but he would read it to them and they would discuss it afterwards.

No quorum presidency was recognized.

So far as I could tell, there may not have been a quorum presidency. He

stumbled through the lesson with no apparent interest or enthusiasm and even the reading was poorly done.

I felt very badly about it. Maybe

part of my shock was that I had expected too much. But I felt sick as 1

left the church. It seemed to me like

"malfeasance in office"or "sleeping at the post"or "dereliction of duty."

These young men had their whole lives ahead of them, partly in his hands.

WARD CONFERENCES (HILLSIDE STAKE) EMPHASIZE PROGRAM FOR ADULT MEMBERS OF They needed desperately to have him

THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD help them to develop faith and spiritSalt of City something Stake has The Hillside added Lake new all is for leaders held the adult of membersin wardof conferences.the Aaronic InPriesthood.each instance,The uality and leadership. But he did not department a special ward

department is conducted by the chairman (now the executive chairman) of the stake committee under the deliver.

personal direction of the stake presidency.

In the above photo, Elmer J. Christofferson is shown instructing those in attendance. President J. 1. He was not prepared.

presidency. the stake of presided as the representative Stuart McMaster leadership in Hillside Stake for their con- 2. He seemed not to be interested. to the grateful procedure, This and we are is a commendable

sideration of this important work. {Concluded on page 46)

JANUARY 1948 41

book is beautifully illustrated with fresh pictures of subjects that are pertinent to the Church. It is printed in

that on paper readable type easily TIN |f"jx &<Az\>cceAzs inviting, and with every page makes contents that are a fitting match to the book's fine physical appearance. What

the is of product the the Mormons? of from Israel the world, over Jacob low PLATES RECORDMETAL exec- B. Hinckley, of able Gordon pen connected the After to present day. theIN TIMES ANCIENT Radio, of the Church secretary utive

told, with Bible story been has many Published(Ariel L. LL.B. Crowley, Literature Publicity, Mission Comand

is search a interesting comments, made in bookstores. saleprivately, but on is the published Church mittee, by and in Israelites, history of the the for who yet.) available price pages.1947. 33 No Saints. of Latterday Christ of Jesus in settled other large groups small or

distribfor usefulness It will find much translated of Mormon, Book PalHThe homeland, promised places the then want nonmembers who ution among gold, states plates of engraved informafrom the necessary estine. Much of the in brief material on

history, docof Israelitish other background recordsthat dates, places, and tion—persons,trine, and prophecy, were carried from usually accepted as convincing data Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Palestine to the new world. In this lies in historical twilight. Often resort Saints.—R. L. E.

pamphlet are gathered from tradition, was had to legendary remnants of hisarcheology, nonIsraelitish and Israelittory. Despite all this, the conclusion is

ish history, a host of evidences of the fully acceptable: that the blood of Israel OUR BOOK OF MORMON

practice of engraving records on metal is scattered over the earth on every con- (Dr. Sidney B. Sperry. Stevens &

plates of brass, bronze, silver, and gold. tinent, in the lands of Europe, the AmerWallis, Salt Lake City, Utah.

The information is so extensive and ican continents, and the islands of the 287 pages. $2.50.)

well documented that the pamphlet is sea. That has long been believed by

a definitive answer to the question Latterday Saints and has given courProfessor Sperry has written a forthwhether metal record plates were used age to the proselyting efforts of the right, methodical study of the Book in ancient times. "The Book of MorChurch. The book, written in an easy, of Mormon that hews to the line and

mon record is sustained,"by this exfamiliar style on a most interesting subnever flinches. With refreshing directanswers raises and author the ject, will the nesscellent to addition be a welcome A. W. study.—/. after questions one simple but searching faithIt will of Israel. story be good

promoting reading. Three missing another that surprise the reader by

CUMORAH—WHERE? things would please the reader: A their obviousness and almost alarm him

(Thomas Stuart Ferguson. Kolob further study of Israel in Asia, espewith the sense of his own ignorance.

Book Company, 1612 Spruce St., cially in the far east, and in Africa; The strange story of the wandering

Berkeley 9, California. footnotes showing sources of stateMoroni, the fate of the Urim and Thum64 pages. $1.50.) ments made; and, what is necessary in mim, the nature of the Nephite Church,

so voluminous a book dealing with nuGod's dealings with the world at large,

TZvery reader of the Book of Mormerous persons, places, and opinions, to which he vouchsafes revelation of like to of longneg- would know just after point mon A. W. a sort—point where a good index.—/. occurred. actually describedthe events display, much of on lore is put lected

This has led many to a study of Book it for the first time, by the researches is better qualiof Mormon geography. Many books TOWARD CERTAINTY of Dr. Sperry. No one

and periodical articles present the (R. H. Gearhart, Jr. Association Press, fied to handle such material than he.

chief of the authors. overviews to "go The world in the man The last differNew York. 1947. 92 pages. $1.50.) opinion Professor as to where theory, has been ofence one for any board"

the later tremendous events of the HHhis is a good attempt to answer the Sperry never temporizes and never book took place. Some hold to the questions, some of doubt and unquibbles; the tricks and pitfalls of

traditional view that they happened in belief, that too often beset young peorhetoric he avoids like the plague. The

or near New York State. Others feel ple. It affirms Christian tenets and result is a plain, almost blunt takeit-

that the evidence places them in middle avoids fairly well sectarian claims. orleave-it classroom discourse which

America. Here the evidence for the—/ A. W. for all its simple honesty exercises a

two views, both strong and weak, is strange fascination on the reader. Perpresented in a scholarly and temperate haps the principal reason for this is the

manner. The discussion will be of inWHAT OF THE MORMONS? way the book is interlined with quotaterest to all readers and lovers of the (Gordon B. Hinckley. Published by tions from the Book of Mormon itself

hints and phrases but wholeBook of Mormon.—/. A. W. the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterno mere

day Saints, Salt Lake City. pages to remind the reader again and

222 pages. $1.50.) again of the weight and power of that

mighty great and compelling OF ISRAEL HOUSETHE book—a

neglect at our revelation which we Zion's Press, 'T'his book is brought into being pri- (Ernest L. Whitehead.

Independence, Missouri. 1947. 589 marily for interested inquirers who peril. Dr. Sperry's persistent campaign

pages and chart. $3.00.) have little acquaintance with the in its behalf deserves nothing but praise.

It replace to some promises Church. is of value Mormon Book of Our

Ishis- The of claim brief to be Saints the published of previously T atterday of addition the welcome enhanced by in missions. the extensively tories used adoption. rael blood and The by to aid index, a substantial a scripture historically, the of It deals is the with Church Israel destiny the destiny of

Church. Therefore any serious study and doctrinally, and in its contempothe student that is all too rarely met of ancient Israel through the ages is of rary setting. Of the Mormons it asks within our Church writings.—Dr. Hugh

interest to presentday Israel. A vast and answers: Who are they? What Nibley, Assistant Professor of History

amount of labor has gone into the writdo they believe? What is their proand Religion, Brigham Young Univering of this book which attempts to folgram? What is their organization? The sity.

42 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Bale of the Future V,%0 HAY*;-. A weatherresistant rolled bale with leaves locked inside! That

is rolled hay... a bale that for the first time sheds rain like oV a thatched roof. Once your hay is in the rolled bale, you

breathe easy. It's safe from sudden showers. The bale unrolls

in a wide, soft, leafy mat, appetizing to livestock; can also

be fed whole in the feedrack without waste.

lllr The rolled bale represents a turningpoint in haymaking for every family farm. Now you can package your own hay—with a homeowned oneman field baler, priced to fit the individual farm.

If hay could be trademarked, AllisChalmers would proudly place its name on the Rolled Bale.

KrMx;i':'W.'*:v-- ->:<+>;>::->: ---.- -.'.w.-:-:;. ',', >;v;-:;>,/-'-ivJT /. X?'!&: ":-

ROTO'BflLER. Turning Point in Hay History

When blossoms say "ready"and the weather is right, that's when a homeowned RotoBaler pays off. Hay

or straw is automatically wrapped with ordinary binder twine costing less than wire or heavy bale twine.

The RotoBaler. packages hay more compactly... in

sturdy rolled bales that will not buckle... bales that

store in less space and are convenient to handle and feed. Thousands of farmers from coast to coast are

already making hay this better way... and like it.

TRACTOR RAKE... the first sidedelivery rake and tedder

really engineered for tractor power. Power takeoff

driven, it has 2 forward reel speeds and 1 reverse (for tedding). Ball and roller bearings exclusively.

TRACTOR DIVISION. MILWAUKEE 1, U.S.A. Controlled steering assures straight windrows.

JANUARY 1948 43

CENTENNIAL CHORUS

( Continued from page 1 6 strument with which to combat inpresented in music and word either previously been informed by Paul tolerance and misunderstanding. By the dramatization of the coming

Lockwood, the governor's executive bringing the accomplishments made forth of the Book of Mormon or of secretary, that both he and the govby the Latterday Saints to the atthe pioneer exodus. In several inernor had been impressed upon tention of the people of the East, stances the chorus felt flattered

hearing the hymn for the first time they more readily see that it is a when the engineer at the transmitter while attending the Governors'good tree that has brought forth telephoned and asked if the program

Convention in Salt Lake City last such fruit. For example, the prinhad been presented by a national

summer. Before singing the hymn, cipal of a large high school in Harnetwork. In Buffalo, the manager

Elder Chester W. Hill dedicated it risburg, the capital of Pennsylvania, of a large radio station asked

to the governor and his secretary. was hesitant in inviting the chorus the chorus if they would present a

Following the program Governor to perform for the student body for weekly program. In another city

Dewey responded with some very fear his students would be exposed they were told that they were not complimentary remarks with respect to the teachings of the Latterday only the cleanest young men that to the virtues and courage of the Saints. After the performance was had entered the station but also that

Mormon pioneers; he stressed that over and the students had not only they were the best chorus that had

the principles and teachings which been thrilled by the beautiful music, been featured over the station.

made the pioneers great might well but also had heard a young man tell be inculcated into the national and of the missionary system and the Urom the time of the Prophet's first world philosophy. He expressed apWord of Wisdom of the Church, announcement that he had seen

preciation for a copy of the Book of the principal arose, and in front a vision until the time of his death,

Mormon which was presented to of all the students said, "We want he was the target of bitter slander him on behalf of the chorus by Elder you to come back, but please do not and vilification from the press. ToDouglas H. Parker. Governor wait another hundred years."day, in every city in which the

Dewey said this was the third copy A minister of a large church in chorus performed, they were praised of the Book of Mormon he had reNew Castle, Pennsylvania, donated by the press. The Kingston Freey

ceived. The second copy was rehis chapel for a concert, and conman, in Kingston, New York, prefceived from President George Alfessed before the program started aced a full column article with

bert Smith, for whom he expressed that since he had extended this priv- "The audience at Kingston High great esteem, during a visit with ilege to the missionaries, he had School Tuesday night heard a proPresident Smith in Salt Lake City been criticized by another minister gram which well deserved to start last summer. The chorus was parfor doing so. "The Mormons are the concert season in Kingston,"and

ticularly happy to hear the governor our enemies,"was the complaint. "The Utah Centennial Chorus,

say that he claimed Elder Ezra Taft The reverend was so pleased with the comprised of ten Mormon missionBenson, of the Council of the performance that he invited the elaries presented music which could

Twelve, as a close friend, and that ders to return and offered his aid in easily compare with any musical he was interested in the work that helping to have his chapel filled the program heard in Kingston."The

Elder Benson had performed for the next time the chorus visited his city. Philadelphia Evening Bulletin, the

Church in Europe. At the concluHe said that more people needed to largest evening newspaper in Amersion of the performance, the goverknow of the young Latterday Saint ica, became interested in the activinor spent some time visiting with missionaries, and of the mission of ties of the chorus and printed a full

the missionaries, allowing the Assogood will that the Church so succolumn article lauding the excellence ciated Press and United Press cessfully promotes. of the chorus, and praising the Morphotographers to take pictures of It is thrilling to see the influence mon missionary system and the

the group. the Tabernacle Choir program has manner in which it develops talent

Since returning from the tour, had in developing a tolerant attitude and leadership.

the chorus has appeared before an among the people of the East toAlmost every newspaper article average of six thousand persons a ward the Latterday Saints. Everyand every letter received by the misweek, and as many as nine thousand where the Utah Centennial Chorus sion office regarding the chorus, has

in one week. During every performwent, the talks of President Richard highlighted and centered around

ance, one of the elders tells of the L. Evans and the singing of the Elder Hill's piano solos and his difounding of the Church and of its Tabernacle Choir have paved the rection of the chorus. One of the

early history in the East, and way in opening the doors of radio newspapers had this to say regardstresses the fact that the principles stations and clubs. "We have been ing Elder Hill:

which have given rise to the accomasked by our radio committee to plishments the Church is now laudshape our radio programs more to Elder Chester W. Hill's piano solos were

ed and praised for, were born upon the style of your Richard L. Evans,"mostmarvelousexceptional.as he playedHis rapid"La Campanella"passages wereby

the soil of the East. said one minister who was the head Paganini arranged for the piano by Liszt.

of the Federation of Churches in This was preceded by as difficult a number, "HPhe Prophet would, however, still one large city. the famous "Sextette"from Lucia di Lam

left alone, for the arranged hand find prejudiced and misinformed Of the twentynine radio broadmetmoov if these numbers two by Leschetizky. As

people, but the centennial observcasts rendered by the chorus, fourwere not sufficient in one playing, Elder ance has placed in the hands of teen of them were half an hour in Hill consented to an encore for the audience missionaries and members a new inlength. On these programs were (Concluded on page 46)

44 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

NOWmake a dak to OILPLATE J BEST WAY TO BABY that great because extra OilPlating actually new '48... or to keep "Old Faithresists gravity! Won't all drain down,

ful"going while you wait... is to even overnight! And that's why, also,

make a date to OilPlate... with whether you're standing still or runConoco N'*! ning hot... you're extraprotected

N'A Motor Oil (patented) confrom metaleating combustion acids tains a special ingredient thatfastens... from "dry"friction... from sludge

an extrafilm of lubricant so closely to and carbon due to wear!

metal surfaces that cylinder walls and Get* extra starting power... get

all working parts are OilPlated! extra pickup... get extra mileage

This means extra protection from... make a date to OilPlate your

winter's hard "dryfriction"starts engine today? 5/feW Copyright 1948, Continental Oil Company

JANUARY 1948 45

CENTENNIAL CHORUS

(Concluded from page 44) sity of Utah, Juilliard School of Through the efforts of the hunand chose Chopin's Polonaise. In directing Music, and Columbia University. dreds of faithfui missionaries of the

the chorus he was equally exceptional and The members of the chorus have past and those of the present, the showed versatility rarely seen in musicians, prayerfully worked together, and seeds of the gospel that were the Lord has tempered their voices planted by the Prophet in the East

The success of the chorus is largethat they might sing praises unto have not gone unwatered, but they ly due to the ability of its director, him. The.manner in which their inare now taking root in more fertile

Elder Hill of Fayette, Utah, who dividual talents have contributed to soil that has been tilled by a century received his training at the Univerthe whole is inspiring. of accomplishments.

HOLE IN THE ROCK

( Concluded from page 28 Solemnly a prayer was said, dediShe donned her old slat bonnet,

Mary's heart leaped. "Father!"cating the land and the water to the pressed her starched and ruffled

she cried, "is it—a—child?"use of the people. With a hearty white one into its weekday box,

"There is a time of fulfilment, "Amen,"the headgate was lifted, took up her buckets and went slowMary, 1 say I have a blessing—ya. and the water flowed in—a full, ly down to the river for water. SheA blessing that is predicated upon lifegiving stream. bent to the river's edge, and filled

obedience."The people marched gaily along her pails, as she had done so many

Obedience. Mary saw her father the canal, shouting and singing hundred times before. She brought

going down the path, heard his "In Our Lovely Deseret, Where the the buckets out of the water, then stubby feet clicking on the packed Saints of God have met,..."quivering in every fibre of her fine

earth,dry emphasizing the word to she tipped the body, them young it But, suddenly, apparbecame her brain.upon Obedience again the water poured and that... ent something wrong. was The riverObedience. watermaster had thrust his measurback.

It is too late!""\\7eeks went by. The little valley ing rod into the water; fear and dis- "It is—sundown.

became laced with the paths to belief were in his face. He ran back Then, as if he were beside her,

the river, worn by the feet of women to the headgate and took the water's she heard her father's unfalteringand children as they carried endless depth there, ran a little way and words at the ditch—"We will begin

pails of muddy water to their yelmeasured again, repeating the test again."

lowing plants. If the ditch did not at intervals, shaking his head at the Another year—a new ditch

hold this time, everything would die. results. A smile came to her lips. "ObeAlready the field crops were curling The shouting died a worried dience is better than sacrifice—"shein the hot dry sun. The trails wore death. said, "And to hearken—

deeper and deeper under the blisThe watermaster ran a mile down The San Juan lapped gently at its tered bare feet that had made them. the dry ditch bed and waited for the shores; the wind ruffed the leaves

Forward and back! Forward and water to meet him. But it did not of the cottonwoods.... And they

back! An endless, unflinching line, come. were whispers of promise to her listtaking what the river would not "Surveyed to run up hill!"he exening heart.

give. claimed bitterly. The End

And then it was over. The ditch The people trailed back to the in- "ritS -

was done. Tomorrow there would take and stood with bowed heads,

be water for the land. waiting for their leader's word. Presiding Bishop's Page

Kisten came running up the path "Ve shall begin all over again!"(Concluded from page 41to house. Mary's

3. He disappointed and set a bad ex- "Vhat a celebration!"she cried. Jens Nielsen cried. "Ve must pay

for our mistakes."late. ample being by

I picnic ordered. has Yens"A my

4. little appreciato have seemed He the "Let people heads bow their help to me, have Mary."you tion situation. the of of the importance said. in Piatt prayer,"Lyman will the water be 5. interesting,must"Wh—when inneither was He

turned in?"Mary questioned, tremWives and husbands stood tostructive, nor stimulating.

bling till she could hardly stand. gether, hands locked to hands, while 6. There was no outward sign of

"At noon when the sun is high!"their children clung to them, frighteither faith or works.

"When the sun is high,"Mary ened by the ominous seriousness of This may have been an unusual day repeated. She looked toward her the prayer. for him, unlike his usual performance.

sickly little garden. "Yes,"she said. Mary stood alone at the edge of But we might profitably think about

"Sundown would be too late."the crowd, for she had not been able this kind of situation as it has signifiMary stooped to straighten a to get close to Kumen, and he had canceIt seemsfor allcertainof us. that the Lord indrooping plant, and then followed been too preoccupied with trouble to tended that we take our calling seriKisten down the path, across the go to her. When the prayer was ously. He said, "See that ye serve him

town, and along the river, three and finished, she turned and walked with all your heart, might, mind and a half miles to the intake of the back to her home and her withered strength."That's a pretty serious

canal. garden. charge.

46 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I 1947 we introduced the NEW small \IL (

1J% Jg

International harvester leadership in allpurpose farm tractor development scores again!

Here are two new members of the famous

Farmall Family—FARMALL C and FARMALL

Super -A, both equipped with Farmall TOUCHCONTROL, the new twoway hydraulic control that's effortless and instantaneous.

The Farmall C is designed for diversified farms of approximately 120 crop acres; for

larger vegetable farms; and for large farms

Now, for the first time, that need an extra tractor.

imple- a complete here's There's balanced, in smoothflowing power

Effortless, ment control. Farmall the there's a full line of C. And selective. instantaneous,

powhydraulic directconnected, Twoway hydraulicallycon- matched, lifts the er only that not especially trolled, quickchange implements forces also but implement it down. Just a fingertip designed for it.

touch of the tiny control levers gives you any operating adjustments you want. and the FARMALL SUPER-A

WSTH TOUCHCONTROL

Introduction of the Farmall Super -A with

TouchControl brings a new, efficient farmwork unit to farms of up to 80 crop acres. It's

also designed as a handy, allpurpose utility tractor for larger farms. "Combustion control"

resulting from a newly designed cylinder head gives the Farmall Super -A amazing pep and efficiency.

The Farmall Super-A has a full line of matched implements—all of them new and

revolutionary in design—all hydraulically controlled. They're fitted to the tractor, to do your

work better, faster, easier.

See the Farmall Super-A and the Farmall C, both with TouchControl, at your IH Dealer.

INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER COMPANY

Good Listening! 180 North Michigan Avenue Chicago 1, Illinois

Hear James Melton on "Harvest of Stars"Sundays. NBC Network. FARMALL Is a registered trademark. Only International Harvester builds Farmall Tractors

farm alls -*#*ltBiPitf*'itifi'Eji

47JANUARY 1948 CENTENNIAL YEAR IN ARGENTINA of the Club Gimnacia y Esgrima de

Buenos Aires, (the largest club in {Concluded from page 17) readings, a puppet show was preSouth America covering a city block hemisphere, come the young and old pared by Joseph A. Fitzpatrick, deand extending nine stories high),

alike to participate in the activities picting a story of early pioneer life and put on an exhibition basketball of the conferences that leave forever in Utah. An estimated 1,800 people, game against one of their first diviin the hearts of all the love of God most of whom were investigators, sion teams, with the chorus singing

and of man, which can only come saw this program. three songs during the half, and

through a knowledge of the true Another project took the missionElder Leland Wakefield, one of the spirit of the purpose. Likewise in ary chorus along with other numnewest missionaries and a concert

other cities such as Rosario, La bers, under the direction of Elder pianist, playing two numbers on the

Plata, and Pergamino preparations and Sister Lyman S. Shreeve of piano. Los Mormones came out winthroughout the entire Mutual year Tucson, Arizona, to three American ners in all, since the chorus and

have been centered around the censchools, Collegio Ward, American piano numbers were very well liked, tennial year and climaxed with their Grammar and High School, and and the basketball team won by participation at the banquet, the Lincoln School, where 1,400 gramfour points. Approximately eight

variety programs, volleyball games mar and high school students withundred persons were at the game for the girls, basketball tournaments nessed, as they remarked, one of and heard the program.

for the fellows, the crowning of the the outstanding programs in the hisPrograms of the same nature are queen at the Gold and Green Ball, tory of their schools, besides learnscheduled soon for Mendoza, Tanand the other activities held at coning much about our missionary purdil, and Bahia Blanca, including ference time. Talented directors, pose and work. This same program two fifteenminute radio programs

taking advantage of this unique was also presented to a capacity at the latter city. These programs

spirit and cooperation, have precrowd of American Legionnaires not only animate the mutual activipared programs that would add digwho invited the missionary chorus to ties of each branch, but also help nity to the stage of any theater. their annual banquet, since most of our missionaries in their tracting

the elders are former servicemen. work, and have left in the memories

the tour taken to of the recent successes recent was of all a and inspiramost most enjoyable OneA year. centennial of the year of tional the evening Cuarto, on Corof Rio branches was

doba, Santa Fe, Rosario, and Perthe 1 1 th of November when the President and Sister W. Ernest

gamino, its purpose being to give basketball team and the missionary Young and all the missionaries join programs in the Mutuals. Combined chorus were invited as special with us in sending saludos from the

with musicial numbers, skits, and guests to celebrate the anniversary Argentine to everyone.

"Good evening, friend Shiblon. put into his mouth the things heMulek of Zarahemla How is the missionary business shall say. If God instruct him, then

{Continued from page 24) these days?"is he a prophet."

the crowd and into the closer press The priest looked up, startled. "Nay, Shiblon, you do not meet

near where the priest was standing. When he saw from whom the interthe issue. I have asked if you are a

He was pleased, as he always was, ruption came, he scowled with disprophet. Can you foretell the future,

with the public's reaction to his pleasure. that which is to come? Can you prepresence. Some people always "Nay, Mulek,"he replied sternly, dict what I will do, or these men

greeted him warmly, or at least with "I want nothing to do with thee."here?"

smiles, proud of his acquaintance or "How is this?"Mulek asked "It takes no prophet to tell what

friendship, or seeking his favor. scornfully. "May a sinner no longer you will do,"said one at his side.

Others frowned upon him, their discome to the church and hope to re- "You are ungodly as well as unapproval as plain as the pleasure of ceive a welcome?"mannerly to interrupt a service in

the rest. Mulek did not much mind "Thou art not a sinner only,"this manner, when you seek no good

the nature of men's reception of him Shiblon answered with warmth, purpose,"another said to Mulek.

so long as they noticed him. "unworthy son of a worthy father. "May not a man ask a question?"

Shiblon was reading from the Thou seekest only to make light of "Nay, Omni, he is ever thus."

scripture and did not notice the inthat which is holy, and this for thine Shiblon turned his thoughtful eyes terruption of Mulek's coming. own amusement."full upon his tormentor. "Thou

Wholly intent upon his message, the Mulek smiled. The situation was goest about with no thought but to

universal conflict between good and to his liking. please thyself, to stir up trouble.

evil, the law of opposites, the rela- "This law of which you read,"he Thou spendest thy time and sustetion of cause to effect, he read questioned, "is it a law of Zaranance on wasters that take delight earnestly on. He loved the scripture, hemla?"in ribaldry and jesting.

and his joy in it was evident in the "Yea,"the missionary answered "Thou hast asked whether I am fervency of his voice and the exearnestly, "and of all other nations. a prophet. I will tell thee. If it be

pression of his face. It is a law of God, given through his God's will, thou shalt know this

His voice was low and full of holy prophets."thing when thou goest without

feeling. "Prophets, say you? Are you a friends to applaud, without resources

"'For it must needs be, that there prophet?"for wickedness, sick in body andis an opposition in all things—'""No man can prophesy save God {Concluded on page 53)

48 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1948 GOSPEL DOCTRINE REFERENCE TEXT Owl HooLd WjftmDfL

OTHER FINE SUPPLEMENTARY TEXTS:

1. JOSEPH SMITH, PROPHETSTATESMAN—Durham $2.25

This volume has been written to help the 2. THE HOUSE OF ISRAEL—E. L. Whitehead $3.00

student to gain a better acquaintance with the Book of Mormon. It is especially designed to bring the reader in close contact 3. A NEW WITNESS FOR CHRIST IN AMERICA—Kirkham....$2.50

with the record itself. Special attention

has been given to an analysis of the scrip- 4. L. D. S. SCRIPTURES—Orme.$4.50

ture as a whole and to its constituent records. Greater heed has been paid to the See pages 5 and 57 for other Bookcrait listings.

literary forms in this scripture than has been done heretofore. It is hoped that the

discussions of the major literary problems of the Book of Mormon will prove helpful to many persons. BOOKCRAFT1186 South Main, Salt Lake City 4, Utah

Could be he's never heard about the new Payne CoolerAir...

memmmsm"-*?--.Miimmma

14 POINTS OF SUPERIORITY Why go to extremes to keep cool? Breeze through

...including clean, the summer with this new quality cooler, designed

sanitary, longlived and built by the makers of famous Payne gas furnaces.

"Fiberglas"evaporative filters... true Ideal for homes, offices, stores, restaurants, motels,

air delivery... classrooms, factories.

Payne engineerAvailable through Payne dealers. If you don't know pering, quality,

formance. local dealer, please write the factory. Free booklet.

the DRESSERSetsnewstandards PAYNE FURNACE COMPANY (One of in evaporative Industries) BEVERLY HILLS, CALIFORNIA cooling, Obsoletes oldfashioned, foHCoolerai makeshift types!

JANUARY 1948 49 it is easy to say these things, the full cooperation of parents andNoliquor-Tobacco Column Now but wistful thinking alone will not get guardians in carrying on the program {Concluded from page 39) them done. Activity and work are necof education and law observance enten percent of drinkers become drunkessary. Many enforcement officers will forcement. To get total abstinence of

ards—people who disgrace themselves be negligent and dormant unless they individuals and a clean, wholesome

by habitually getting drunk. In any are encouraged by the electorate to do environment let all reasonable efforts

case drunkenness is now, the knowing their duty. Committees representing be made to reach these objectives. Let

ones say, one of the major health probthe electorate should therefore see that officers and committees be appointed lems of the country. the necessary encouragement is con- (or elected) who will diligently work

But all the evils and problems of tinually given. to make these objectives a reality.

drinking alcoholic beverages have an If every boy and girl were rightly easily recognized solution—total abstitaught the truth relative to the effects

difto see disaster of but apparently the risks of narcotics andnence—easy Evidences and Reconciliations use,ficult to attain. the difficulty incurred majority However a large by their

is not insuperable, and it is certainly of the youth would undoubtedly con- {Concluded from page 33) best attacked through wise and ample tinue to be abstainers. Helpful to this There are others, who misled by

education. The time to begin this eduend would be the elimination of lying the powers of evil, think the Church

is incation in childhood the early and advertisements found seductive and conto change in error, and set out

It isteens. entirely possible instruct to in press, broadcasts, radio the on and aid the with independently, ditions,

the that motivate in youth theyand so that billboards. seen be Thus it may

rethat have they the priesthood of steeled against ever is indulgingwill be there important every community in alcoholic beverages. work to be done if education and enceived from the Church. These pervironment are brought into service to sons are equally foolish. If the

"pUBLic schools should be required, produce boys and girls free from the Church is in error, its gifts are not and private ones encouraged, to blighting effects of narcotics. authoritative, and these selfstyled

teach the facts about liquor and other But there is another influential agenreformers must go elsewhere for auinjurious narcotics with their attendant cy that must be brought into service if thority.

evils. Existent laws, as those in Utah, desired results are to be attained, and All travelers on the road of unall the operative this is the that home.requiring are public schools to do Of are that they warned truth be may

this efif the one most be ever, can agenciesseldom, fully observed. This the of inspiration the acting under

is It in fective. teaching the eliminated. wherefailure should sugbe a home As conclever the darkness, of prince citizens thatgestion can seprecept in example and recommend by both we

every community, interested in the cure the best results. It is very imporscienceless foe, but deceiving imitatmoral welfare of the people, should intant, therefore, that every feasible or of truth, and have no priesthood

sist on these laws being fully observed. means be used, if necessary, to obtain except that of Satan. J.A.W.

I. READING SUGGESTIONS FOR M. A

by the General Boards

$2.75 SPECIAL INTEREST WHO WALK ALONEPerry Burgess

$1.00 CONCERN.$3.00 THE EXODUS TO WHOM IT MAY

Orson Pratt O. Ashton Marvin

OF MEN AND MUSIC $3.00 Deems Taylor SENIOR SCOUT

SWEET LOVE REMEMBERED $1.25 $2.75 I DARE YOU Helen Cortez Stafford

Danforth NAUVOO THE BEAUTIFUL $3.00

JOSEPH SMITH ANE. CecilAMERICANMcGavin JUNIOR

PROPHET $3.00 HEART OF A ROSE (35c edition)

PEACE OF MINDJohn Henry Evans $2.50 GOING ON SIXTEENBetty Gavanna $2.00

Joshua Loth Liebman NICOLINE'S CHOICE......$2.50

Margaret Maw M MENGLEANER SCOUTS STAND ALONE $1.25 MAN DOES NOT $2.50 A. Cressy Morrison SEQUOYA

SWEET LOVE REMEMBERED $2.75 Catherineherine GateGate CoblentzCoble

MARGIE Helen Cortez Stafford -$2.50 BEE HIVE

NAUVOO THE BEAUTIFULKenneth I. Brown.......$3.00 NICOLINE'S CHOICEMargaret Maw......$2.50

E. Cecil McGavin MISS EMILY... $2.50 PAUL REVERE AND THE WORLD HE Jean Gould

LIVED IN $3.75 MADELEINE TAKES COMMAND $2.00

Esther Forbes Ethel C. Brill

E$ERE BOOH COMPA1I 44 East South Temple THE BOOK CENTER OF THE INTEEMOUNTAIN WEST Salt Lake City, Utah

50 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I'm Driving the Big Bargain

e * m m oIN LOW PRICE CLASS

-..,.-.,,.

The "VAC"hustles hauling with a Case farm truck.

"For my money, the Case "VAC"is the best buy in the popularprice class because it gives me more results. I've compared it with other

tractors I have owned, and a lot more tractors I have worked with, helping back and forth among neighbors.

"Taking farm work as it comes, from plowing and cultivating vy"f% to haying and hauling, I get more done in a day. It's traction and

engine power and the right gear speed for every job. It's time

saved in turning, hitching, mounting implements, fueling and lubrication. It's strength saved with quickdodge steering and

hydraulic lift.

"Its rearmounted plow works close into the corners, and its full 2-piow "SC"frontmounted cultivator works close to the row. With planter speedscontouredcultivationcorn. in

and all, I saved real money, thanks to the Masterframe that serves as mounting for many implements, makes less weight to handle, takes less room to store."

That's not the word of one man, but the way thousands of owners talk. Find out for yourself the extra capacity, convenience,

and ENDURANCE of Case tractors. See your Case dealer now.

Mighty 4-5 plow "LA"with Case Centennial plow. 4 Power Groups

20 Great Models

All sizes except the mighty "LA"are built as allpurpose models with twin or single front wheels, or with adjustable front axles; also as orchard models

and standard 4-wheel tractors. There are specials for

specials. rice, also highclearance vineyards; cane, and wjthV-",* Model "DC"

Case 3-bottom after built to run year All are with Case ENDURANCE Cen- x '. *-p<f

tennial plow.

year with low upkeep, give you extra years of use from your investment. Write for latest catalog. Mention

size of tractor, also any tillage or planting implements, any haying, harvesting or corn machines you need.

J. I. Case Co., Dept. A-44 Racine, Wis.

JANUARY 1948 51

URUGUAYNEW MISSION FIELD

{Continued from page 15) A17ho are the people? The basic cent years. The principal crops are

out in the achieving of independence stock of the population of Uruwheat, corn, oats, barley, and linfor their native land. One was Jose guay is Spanish. Italians rank secseed. Until the middle eighties of

Artigas, the other Juan Antonio ond. Pureblood Indians are said the last century nearly all flour was

Lavalleja. Artigas, called the hero to have become extinct about 1832, imported. Today flour is exported.

of independence, did not achieve although a breakdown of the census Agriculture is being carried on more this goal. Lavalleja did achieve it. gives eightysix percent white, scientifically today than ever before,

Artigas in 1815 struggled against twelve percent mestizo, and two perand a commendable attempt is bethree potent enemies who made a cent Indian. ing made to reforest. Manufacturother on with each compatible team ing is being encouraged govby the I, immigration to World Up War ot thing: the just one downing the as it turn has been since ernment to entirely almost came Uruguay

Uruguayan independence ambitions. from Spain, Italy, and other southof the century.

Spain, the the king of were They of nation is a compact Uruguay eastern European countries. Many of director of Brazil, regent and the plains, bright a grassy with of the immigrants a rolling, came for only

the revolutionary government then season's work, and returned to their wide variety of wild flowers. The

recently set up at Buenos Aires, homeland. For instance, in 1913, elevation of the entire land is under

across the La Plata in Argentina. the year before the war, over two two thousand feet. Transportation Artigas held Montevideo and other hundred sixty thousand arrived, but is easy, because steamers of fourterritory, but could not maintain so many emigrated again that the teenfoot draft can travel halfway

himself firmly and was driven from permanent residue was only thirtyup the country's Uruguay River his position. His great humiliation one thousand, despite congressional border, and smaller craft can go

was the occupation of Montediveo appropriations to encourage permanearly the length of that border. It

the soldiers (in 1820, Portuguese by has a railroad and airline network at immigration. Since nent World War inher gained before Brazil year disposal. inits I there considerable has been a

dependence), and having their genflux of immigrants from central and Being south of the equator the eral declare that Uruguay was eastern Europe. seasons are reversed from what we

Cisplatine Province the henceforth the hemisphere of northern know.

is national language SpanThe of Portugal and the of kingdom coldest the are and months July June ish. State are church sepand now Brazil. it in year, of the although Uruguay in arate that probeing a Uruguay, later, Lavalleja assemyears Five cold. gets very seldom and January constitution, of vision the 1919 and immortals,""thirtythree each bled the are February months. warmest

is toleration. religious there complete patriot of nativeborn Uruguay, a in metropolis And November—the statistics latest indicate that The after the country, and invaded iswho literally in of bathed Montevideo of inhabitants a the majority while indeclared electrifying campaignan its scent roses. of the

faith, to the belong Catholic Roman vein, contradictory In a dependence. in capitol building MonteThe is the onethird population of about adherdeclared Lavallejahowever, is to are a video see—-there must liberals. classified as or Protestants of Provinces La to the Unitedence thirty in of kinds sixtytwo marble the the twentieth of beginning At Brazil, a (Argentina).Plata now in building. the of coloring shades half nearly century the population

its Pedro right in undernation own is renative, mineral marble The illiterate. that Since time was

I, the United with to war went of limited the sources being country has taken improvement marked defeated. badlyProvinces was and Pillars stone. entirely to of almost

is place. education Primary now from emergedArgentina, which had capitol granite the support pink of compulsory. University The Provinces, renouncedthe United roof. in established 1849, Montevideo, it left enof andcontrol Uruguay is building, course, of the This has seventeen than thousand more free. Constitutionaltirely Asthe center of govern- A Uruguayan It schools students. of comprises

in sub1828, and convenedsembly constitution ment. the of Under science, social law, medicine, dento constitution of a draftsmitted elects four 1936, each Uruguay tistry, engichemistry, pharmacy, Brazil. naBoth and Argentinaboth vice president, president, years a a architecture, economics, neering, 18, ontions approved, and July cabinet, a congress. twohouse and

its agriculture. conunder Also and officials first the Uruguayan1830, vice president president and The is trol of veterinary school medi- a office. into Although swornwere not themselves, the succeed and may in cine, Latin as the best rated

is operalongerthis constitution no cabinet are congress chosen and by America.

it bloodshed stop did nottive, and representation. proportional All

among the Uruguayans, the day it Ninetytwo percent of the land literate citizens vote, including became effective will always be a available for agriculture is used for women, who may sit in congress.

day of rejoicing in Uruguayan stock raising. Fourfifths of UruOne thing must be remembered

hearts. The main thoroughfare in guay's exports consists of animal by the visitor in Uruguay. Traffic

the capital city, Montevideo, is the products. The country normally is driven on the left, as a salute, perAvenida 18 de Julio. Yes, it may furnishes from fifteen to eighteen haps, to Great Britain, who has intruly be said that the Uruguayans percent of the world's meat exports; vested heavily in the nation's indusare intensely proud and jealous of the United Kingdom being the leadtry and development.

their freedom, which has been puring purchaser of its exports.

chased and repurchased many times Farming—the tilling of the soil—T AST May 17 the First Presidency

by the blood of patriots. has made substantial gains in reannounced the decision to open

52 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the Uruguayan Mission. Frederick

S. Williams of South Gate, California, a veteran missionary the among DOWN... m seSpanish-speaking world, was

lected president. as mission Presihis first served dent Williams misBALANCE ON

sion in South America in 1927, less than two years after Elders Melvin EASY, EASY TERMS

J. Ballard, Rulon S. Wells, and Rey

L. Pratt had dedicated that continent to the preaching of the gospel

on Christmas Day 1925. President

Williams returned to his home in 1929, being called again as president of the Argentine Mission in 1938, serving until 1942.

President and Sister Williams left New York for their field of labor on August 1. They were followed by ten elders in October. Already, with a missionary force that

includes nineteen elders and the president and his wife, much has been accomplished. A mission home

and office (the picture of which appears as an illustration for this article) has been obtained at Calle

Btito del Pino 1527, in Montevideo, is just homeThe mission blocks from the American Embassy, three I IMMEDIATE and is near a beautiful park named in honor of the allied nations of I DELIVERY ON THIS

World War I. Here ten more elders

will make their headquarters, arriving in the mission early in January.

There are now three missions inSouth America—Brazil, Argentina, eSJwd4 fSbwetand Uruguay, each fully staffed to

spread the gospel message.

Imagine! this exquisite Betsy Ross Spinet delivered

Mulek of Zaraheinla to your home for only $66.30 Down!... The Balance

{Continued from page 48) in easy monthly payments. Now you too

may enjoy the rich full tones, the easysoul, humbled to the dust. I will

control and the roomfilling volume of speak with thee no further, to waste this, the world's best dollarfor-dollar my time and mock God."piano value I See the Betsy Ross today name... enjoy it in your home tomorrow! prince smiled, shrugged youngHThe ONE

- his shoulders, vyvuce beamed upon the gathering, turned and limped away YOUWRITECAN'TFORCOMEFULL INin the direction of his home. If as if INFORMATION

he went, he noticed that no one else shared his levity, it worried him not at all.

He was proud of himself. He was FIRST OF ALLRELIABILITY

proud of his place among the people, of his appearance that none failed to observe, proud of his nation, his wealth, his beautiful homes.He was proud of his city, its laws 4547 alines

that he flouted, proud of the judges he laughed at, and the priests of MAIN Si <r whom he made light.

( To be continued) SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH

JANUARY 1948 53

IF I WERE A YOUNG BRIDE

{Continued from page 21 If I were a young bride, I would my plans—both long range and imcalled more important things, withbe very diligent and creative in my mediate—after careful consultation.

out some semblance of order. I spare time. I would learn to wield I would try to face our problems towould know that tidiness is on the a paintbrush and a hammer as well gether.

surface but that order is basic and as a needle. I would find out how to

has to do with intelligently reasoned make curtains that hung right, and Tf I were a young bride, I would arrangements and procedures. I I wouldn't be above knowing the make fashion my friend and not

would try to be orderly. intricacies of orange crate construcmy master. Fashion can be made to

I would not spend my time in untion. I would try to learn to make add the little sparkle and change to

duly long and involved cooking, but everything I possibly could for mylife which keeps it from becoming

I would study nutrition and gloat self and my home—from bread to dreary. There is no reason why it

over the continued modern verificabuttonholes—from rag rugs to lamp should not originate with us. If I

tion of the advice given us in the shades. I would learn to salvage were a bride, I would try being a litWord of Wisdom. I would spend and to mend and to restore. tle original in my home, in my

my food money first of all for I would learn a great deal about clothes, my meals, my personality.

health, using my ingenuity for eyemy husband's work, whether it was I would try being myself.

andappetite appeal, but rarely if farming, or bookkeeping, or politics, Yes, I would go farther. I would

ever, going in for indulgences. or plumbing, or painting, or dentisttry being very honest—with mylife.Tf I were a young bride, I would ry. I would try to encourage his self, my husband, with

keep out of debt. I would try to progress in his chosen field. I would But also—I would try to be beauspend wisely for genuine advancesustain him in his disappointments tiful—as beautiful as I could be,

ment, but in making purchases I and rejoice in his successes. without making a fetish of beauty.

would wait as long as possible If I were a young bride, I would I would dress as becomingly as posrisking losing something I wanted try to find out about my community. sible. I would never permit myself

I would "travel"in my neighborto get overweight. I would try toor needed—rather than risking buying something I later found I did not hood and learn its history. I would be kind, and considerate, and

want (though I would know that "sightsee"in my vicinity and sense thoughtful, and unselfish. I would

sooner or later both of these misits wonders. I would know its hills, cultivate my mind as assiduously as

takes would be mine!). and woods, and waters. I would see my body. I would read good books

and listen to good music and try to If I were a young bride, I would them in sunshine and shadow—in

I wouldnot spend my money for regular enmorning and by moonlight. I would develop my talents. Yes,

tertainment such as a regular Saturfind my valley's romance. try to be beautiful.

day night movie followed by a reguIf I were a young bride, I would If I were a young bride, I would

Ilar hamburger and malt. It is deadtry to grow with my husband. Insotry to be clean—in every way.

ly to spirits and finances. If I had far as it was possible, I would make would admire it in my husband, and

an opportunity to see a good play or his recreation, my recreation; his in- I would, by sheer force of example,

movie, hear a special concert, interests, mine; his hopes and aspiraexact it of my associates.

dulge in an anniversary "splurge,"tions, my hopes and aspirations. I If I were a young bride, who

buy a good book or an album of would help him as best I could with worked because my husband was a records, I would consider it thoughthis problems and hope that he would student with little or no income, I up the idea or going help me with mine. I would not have would try to make the best of a diffully—giving

through with it, as seemed best secrets from him, and I would make ficult interim, but I would think of but I wouldn't waste a thought or a it as only an interim. I would make

dime on regular diversion for divermy barracks, or barn, or garage as sion's sake. I would find a good, habitable as possible by begging and

brisk walk better fun and less costTO ENSIGN BENCH borrowing castoffs—or by using my

marvelous renovating ingenuly—unless the price of shoe leather By Edna S. Dustin own

continues to ascend! ity. I would spend nothing that

But, if I were a young bride, I "Drom dusty sage your thirsty hillside grew health, education, and sanity didn't would not give up all entertainment. *- With homes that now hold up the blue demand. Gratefully, I would accept

starched sky, crystal eyes obtain a view help from my parents or his parents from theirI would pick and choose—again Wherewith an eye to the basics. I would Of this great city, and it now defies—if they were able and glad to give

jeweler's to display window I to an Any enjoy enough trystill be young would to show my these it—and jewels magnificent than more Crown hill with a affectionevening being gratitude sled on a happy, snowy by their bright throat, this city's array on Hung

among friends who were gay and To glisten when it slumbers there in peace. ate, and considerate of them. While

young and in love. And I would I was working, I would try to disbring them home to a bowl of salad Yourhandsthirstiness was quenched by friendly tribute the chores of the household

and a cup of soup and a little comThrough these; your beauty smiles on every fairly-—in accordance with time and

street. singing,munity or I would arrange husband and my strength—between affords or opera house commands now No simple cooperative the recognizea few myself. But I would this that's beautiful sight than more dinners A

with my friends, work up a quartet viewed whole situation as a nottoo-desirit asor a string trio, and enjoy a little Fromtheyouryears,great bench, growing through able emergency and terminate practising together. This city carved from sage by pioneers. soon as possible.

54 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA If I were a working bride and my husband was working—and it was

wages—at all possibleI wouldtostoplive workingwithin hisatonce. That is—unless I was such a

rare and gifted person that the ceasing of my career would be a loss to the world at large and result in a sense of complete unfulfilment to myself. The reason I would stop is

not because I would expect to relax and take it easy but because this double working arrangement sets up a false sense of values, produces undue tension and fatigue in the early months of marriage when a certain amount of easing up is essential to adjustment, establishes an untenable economic status, and largely defeats the purpose of marriage, which is the making of a home. A young

bride has a fulltime job on her hands in establishing the basic values of her marriage.

Most of all, if I were a young bride, I would try to prepare myself for parenthood. I would build

my home from the beginning, with love, and security, and simplicity. I

would build my marriage with health, and humor, and sincerity. I

would power my life with faith faith in my home, in my husband, inlove, in marriage. And with that for Your Cor with

faith, I would let my Heavenly Father have the great deciding voice VICO Motor Oilas to when my children arrived and how many we had. For quick, responsive power

Knowing that constant happiness use the oil which flows

I recognizable, be notwould would freely in cold weather to minute. benot expect happy every

I would not expect to be free from Vico gives you lively, longlasting power—more

of the or problems orsorrow any pleasure, more mileage, more economy. It's the

I of life, butvital experiences would expect that with prayer and love and favorite of thousands of intermountain motorists patience; with cheerfulness and because they have learned over a period of

humor, I could meet each day's many years that they can depend on its superior needs. I would know that my husperformance.

band and I were bound to disagree at times and, that under the stress of Drive in to any VicoPep 88 Station or Dealer ambition and fatigue, we would both for complete winter car service be critical and tiresome occasionlly. But I would try to follow the

that rule the day'soldfashioned that \icb us in accord,end should find sleep would be sweet because it fol-, JUTOCO [PEP88J*GASOLINE lowed our unselfish searching for Get highest quality products at understanding and conciliation.

Yes, if I were a bride, I would P5P 88 -VICO STATIONS AND DEALERS build my marriage on the basis of faith, love, and hard work—adding 'atl AS

lively personalmy own touch—and Pep Regular Atlas State, HH Ethyl pep Vico, Quaker that it wouldknow be good—even Gasoline Gasoline Permaluhe Oils Product* Motor

beautiful.

JANUARY 1948 55

THE VAUDOIS REVISITED

{Continued from page 14) mission to film the registers. He was "Q ack in Torre Pellice we called upinto the Church, including his highly interested to learn that Preson the former pastor of Prarusown grandparents and his mother. ident Barker's mother had been born tin, Auguste Jahier, now retired.

John Daniel Malan was the first in his parish, and brought in for our When he saw President Barker, he baptized convert, on October 27, inspection a number of the registers. recognized him immediately and re-

1 850, "opening a door which no man In one of them was found the bapceived us into his home with every can shut,"as Elder Snow expressed tism or christening of Marguerite mark of courtesy and deference, init. The Cardons, Stalles, Gaudins, Stalle in 1850. He himself favored troducing us to his delightful family.

the Beuses, and the Chatelains folthe filming of these precious church We told them the story of microlowed, with many others, reprebooks which had survived the perifilming, and they showed real intersented in America today by a noble ods of persecution, and told us that est. When we indicated our desire

lineage. fortunately the moderateur or prito see the moderateur, he willingly

the of all mate churches to Vaudois dignitary, that us in accompanied us as fell upon XTight we entered

Italy right Pellice, then in the urging in Torre us was and even assisted

Switzerland. 1 1 September On to the authority have and the of importance would having records we crossed the St. Gothard Pass speak for all the eighteen parishes. copied for preservation. The modthrough mountains of imposing

grandeur and over winding, zigzag Led by President Barker we erateur, M. Virgilio Sommani, said

like to present the should proposhillside, the steep climbed up and he hairpin curves, roads and thence al to or the exVaudoise La Table till at ever upward, gazed length we speeding along the level roads of the ecutive of the governing committee the his of ruins the upon where home fertile Valley. Po in church, again which would be in born. mother been had Here Noitinerary called for to reus Our

in the session morning. back "Come President 1855, Franklin vember D. that in night main Milan. of Both

in said, the at ten morning,"he "and elders other took Richards and two felt the to us in on, urge push and

I for will you."answer have an a Stalle refuge mob. from famThe it this event well that did. was we that prior hour, to morning, Next ily goat's fed milk on them and the next Turin From morning outskirts halted car the our on we butter cheese. bread and and As early Pellice, to drove the Torre we sat there, read of Torre. As we we left, President they told Richards Italian of the of Presiform La Tour the again excerpts from once AutoSister Stalle for to to prepare leave dent village chief the the Snow, of

of biography Snow, Lorenzo when for Zion. sailed year she same That It Vaudois. a day, market was and first the a Church branch of was their her with Zion husband and street. the out the crowds on were a here, nearly century organized children a of neighbor and group impressed with large the wereWe before. converts. of percentage blond complexions

high mountain, a ascended a very We a eminence, From that them. we had persecution Surely among had

little distance from Tour, having and La of the valleys view commanding and race. a distinct them indeed made projecting position bold on taken our a

Before leaving our hotel room of the steep hillsides with rock terrock, we sang praises to the God of heavPresident Barker and I had prayed races. "Each year,"said President en....

for guidance in the important task Barker, "these mountain folk on before There us was Mont Vauto carry the higher Alps had thatahead, secure permiswe might in Italian Vandalino ( Mont& soil in basketssion to eroded microfilm on delin the records of all their visible plainly Castawas and there their the spread backsthese hill, and parishes. up Vaudois our On like castle, bold, luzzo, the a tiny

in its location. original lived first They to it then planned to goway we

his of projecting account. rock We figs, the chestnuts, grapes, fromthe parish and Prarustin, of the birthread further:

place of President Barker's mother, other fruits they cultivated, together

Marguerite Stalle. With good forwith the products of their few sheep Elder Snow proposed that this mountain

tune we might find the pastor still and goats and the culture of the silkbe known among the people of God, hencethere who twenty years before had worm."forththe rockanduponforever,whichas weMountstoodBrigham,the Rockandof

helped obtain Brother Barker's genHe told also of how his grandProphecy.

ealogy of his mother's family. From parents had joined one of the

the pastor we might learn if there first handcart companies. Disease For here he had predicted the

was some official in their church who had sapped the strength of the fagreat future of the gospel in Italy.

24, 1851, two young On February grant permission usmight to copy family. ther of the helpHe became

baptized. be Elder were to Vaudois registers,all the1 parish thus and the to be put in one of less and had

save the effort of visiting each paswagons. One day he told his wife Jabez Woodard reported:

tor in turn. Thus we reasoned. he would never reach the valley but It rained and snowed amain, and the

In the car we followed a narrow predicted that once they arrived, no atmosphere was so dense that we could not little distinctly as a ahead. But way trail tortuous cart the steepand up of ever one would them

River, descended towards the Angrogna lack for wesee hillmountainlike to Saint Barbread; daughter day their some and the presented: scene clouds was a singular

thelemy, a cluster of houses forming Margaret would be in easy circumwere suddenly rent asunder, as if they had the center of the parish. We met the stances. When they looked upon been a sheet of paper, and the side of

pastor, Umberto Bert, a young man, him later in the wagon, he was dead. Mount Brigham was visible, in a moment,

who cordially invited us into his They wrapped his body in a sheet from"The theveil topovertoItalythe hasbottom.burst,"I andexclaimed,yet, at

simple office, and listened symand placed it in a grave between two the instant, I knew not what I was saying.

pathetically to our appeal for perlayers of sagebrush. I stood paralyzed with the magnificent

56 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA views which opened on every side; then

with a prayer to Israel's God, we entered the stream. (Ibid., pp. 177178.)

On a later date, when the gospel had taken root, Elder Snow wrote:

... more favorable opportunities now

seem to present themselves, and the Bookof Mormon will lend its powerful aid in 1**'.building up the Church.... it was no small Anok*- Oho***-

pleasure to find it welcomed by the Saints in Italy as a heavenly treasure.... Nor

can I express the delight which I experienced in gazing upon Mount Brigham, on whose rocky brow we had organized La

Chiesa di Gesu Christo dei Santi degli in Italia. Giorni,Ultimi Waldenses The

the receive first to Gospel,were the but by L D. S. SCRIPTURES

the press and the exertions of the Elders, it will be rolled forth beyond their mountain Already a classic for Missionary work. The

regions. (Ibid., p. 209.) only L. D. S. Reference Book with side

And again: index which makes available in an inWe have here no temple—no building stant 3000 references on 319 various submade by human hands, but the mountains

tower around us—far above all edifices. jects.

... On Sunday, the twentyfourth of Noof thesevember, one we ascended emiBy Gilbert Charles Orme $4.50

a positionnences which seem to occupy between earth and sky, and which, on a former occasion, we had named "Mount

Brigham."During our tedious ascent, the

sun shone forth in all its brightness; but in

parts shaded,such as were found snow we ground, and a craggyon the peak GOSPEL INTERPRETATIONS many and rocky summit on every side were white with the snowy fleeces of winter. Volume II of Evidences and ReconciliaHaving reached the place we sought, we tions, this companion volume will provide

gazed with rapture on the enchanting scenes of surrounding nature. Before us answers to more problems and will help

was a plain so vast that it seemed as if the growth of faith among those who immensity had become visible.... Light

and shade produced their effect in that read it. Gospel Interpretations will find

magnificent picture, in a surprising degree; a ready market created by its predefor while the clouds flung their shadows

on one part, another was illuminated with cessor.

the most brilliant sunlight as far as the eye could reach. By John A. Widtsoe $2.25

But there was one hallowed reflection which threw all around a brighter lustre than the noontide firmament: it was in that

place, two months before, that we organized the Church of Jesus Christ in Italy. If we

had stood upon a pavement of gold anddiamonds, it would not have produced an 5 More New Books impression like the imperishable remembrance of that sacred scene. BRIGHAM YOUNG. THE MAN OF THE HOUR $2.00

Amid the sublime display of the Creator's Leah D. Widtsoe

works, we sang the praises of his eternal $2.50name. (Ibid., pp. 173174.) OUR BOOK OF MORMONDr. Sidney B. Sperry

What hymns they sang with full PRELUDE TO THE KINGDOM $2.75

hearts is not recorded, but it would Gustive O. Larson

have been highly appropriate had SUNLIGHT AND SHADOWS $1.75

they sung President Snow's own Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

hymn. In thinking of the Vaudois THE HOUSE OF ISRAEL $3.00

he wrote about this time: E. L. Whitehead

The following hymn expresses the feelThe Above list may be used for order blank.

ings engendered by their romantic situation:

For the strength of the hills we bless Thee, See pages 5

Our God, our fathers'God: and 49 of this

for other issue children hast mighty made Thou Thy listof sod. Bookcraft the mountain touch By the ings.

Thou hast fixed our ark of refuge,

Where the spoiler's foot ne'er trod;

(Concluded on page 58) JANUARY 1948 57 f

The Vaudois Revisited

(Concluded from page 57) --- For the strength of the hills we bless thee. January or Jul

Our God, our fathers'God.

It's always registration day at the L. D. S. Business We are watchers of a beacon,

die: never light must Whose

altar, are guardians of an College... day and evening classes. We

'Midst the silence of the sky.

No matter what career you plan—business, civil TheStruckrocksforthyieldasfountsby thyofrod;courage,

of the hills strength the For we bless thee, service, or home making—business training pays God. our fathers'God, Our

liberal dividends.

This beautiful and stirring hymn, revised to apply to the mountains of

Write for information about courses, opportunities, and Zion in the West, has long been costs. printed in our hymnbooks with the

words "Altered by Edward L.

Sloan"in lieu of the name of the original author. L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE in our feelings reminisSubdued

70 North Main Salt Lake City Tel. 3-2765 cent of the blessings of the past and

the glory of the future, convinced that unseen forces were aiding us mightily, we drove on into Torre

Pellice. With Pastor Jahier we

ascended once more the stairs to thefSTOPS LEAKS/ meeting place where La Table was

came out, SAVS ROOFS inModerateursession. HeSommanirapped on the door.

sit... ih WD smilingus into ahiswarmofficewelcome.and hadHeustook

down. We were watching his every

intently. Upon his desk was PABCO tkfXBQmW move

* a typed official letter. He reached

for his pen, signed the document, and you'll. stamped it with his official seal, and

handed it to us triumphantly. We

leaks Stops around roof read, in French, his good message flashings, drains, valleys and gutters. Apply like (see box, page 13).

putty. use. Stays Easy to

put and never dries out. We thanked each other profuseWaterproof.

ly, and set out on our return jourTHE PAR AFFINE CD S 1 N C. ney, happy in the complete success

SAN FRANCISCO 19, CALIFORNIA of our undertaking. In a day and a

half we had achieved what might

Travel value means more than have consumed days of time. Had

price. It means more comfort, we tarried a night in Milan this forr

more convenient schedules, tunate result would have been of delayed, for the necessity next and more miles per dollar. day'7 * Sunday., was 'v

Call or see your nearest Back at the Jahier home we said SAYS

Mining Overland the agent "Recently Newmont Greyhound adieus our goodbyes and au and of nation's larger the one Company, details on any trip for and its companies, announced mining of revolts manifestation every amid certain of intention mindeveloping moneysaving fares! eral should enin Utah. ground graciously friendship. We Pastor Jahier

to capital outside courage more take in development a hand resources. For each dollar ofof ourore OVERLAND tendered us one of the histories of

produced, 90c stays in Utah."the Vaudois which he had written. REYHOUNDLINES Finally we closed the doors of the

Operated by INTERSTATE TRANSIT LINES car and drove away "with many a and UNION PACIFIC STAGES. INCORPORATED

thanks and many a backward bow"on their part and on our own.

HOTEL LANKERSH1M Next spring, when mountain 7th ( 8ROA0WAY passes are open, we hope to have a

RATES President accompany MODERATEHeadquarters in Los Amities photographer S. L 0.

Operator FRANK valthree Protestant Barker to the H. Manaoer R. BECKETT.WISHON. RAY

METAL MINING INDUSTRY LOS ANGELES leys of the Piedmont, and copy the

OF UTAH "TWO PERSONS - ONE CHARGE'Vaudois records for preservation.

58 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Do Yod Know How lo Read?

{Continued [com page 20) and culture. These things are necesto givesary depth and freshness to Our Knowing When to Say "NO"teaching. teacher Every needs new

books, new plans, new thoughts. If

there is no newness, there is dulGives You Better Insurance ness.

It will be observed from the foregoing that to be a good teacher one must be a good reader. The

need is great for good teachers in ENERAL OF AMERICA started in our priesthood quorums, Mutual 1923 on a common sense plan—to

Improvement Associations, Sunday

Schools, Relief Society organizainsure "preferred risk"property only.

tions, and Primary organizations. Today it is one of the largest capital

Likewise, the good missionary must be a good reader, and the need for stock fire insurance companies in the excellent missionaries is urgent. The nation. Saying "No"to poor risks has paid.

missionary is essentially a teacher and requires the same qualifications. If your property qualifies, enjoy the pride—as well as the It should also be noted that good

singing requires rapid reading. Singfinest protection the insurance world provides—of moving

ing requires teamwork of the eye into this "Inner Circle of Preferred Risks."Benefit, too,

and intellect. One must be able to

read the words rapidly enough to from our fire inspection service which helps reduce hazards.

have time left to see the musical notes and also to glance frequently Countless thousands of our policy holders make imporat the conductor. Few persons read

the words of a song rapidly enough tant savings. Why not consult your General agent today?

to have time left to see the notes and the conductor.

Look to General, the leader, for new and

Let us then, as Saints of the latter-days, upon whom so many rebetter features in virtually all forms of sponsibilities have fallen, learn to commercial insurance.

read rapidly and well. The process

is simple. The greatest problem will

be in breaking bad reading habits already acquired. INSURANCE COMPANY OP

To read properly one must see from three to five words at a glance "THE CAPITAl STOCK COMPANV OK PREFERREO UlSKf* or fixation. The poor reader sees

one word at a time. The habit of

reading bne word at a time goes Home Offices: Seattle, Wash, Agents Everywhere H. K. DENT, Pres.

back to early childhood when one learned to recognize that a letter represented a sound and that a letter or group of letters represented a syllable or a word. When we became adults, few of us were taught

to put away this childish practice.

Few teachers have known the secret of good reading—the reading of

groups of words. And the person is t$B/&rare who has discovered for himself

the secret of rapid reading.

The eye sees only when it is standing still. The eye moves injerks and does not see between MLVE

stops. Careful scientific research,

with the aid of moviecamera studies of the eye movements of good read- (Continued on page 60) JANUARY 1948 59 Do Yon Know How To Read?

(Continued from page 59) Oil EVER TAKE A ers and bad, has established this beyond doubt. The good reader sees

from three to five words to the stop. 'OneStudent'Class? Some have an even greater eye span.

You may derive high valThe new Home Study He reads words in groups. He

eus in culture, professional Catalog lists more than 150 makes but two or three fixations or advancement, and general classes in 30 departments, stops in reading the ordinary line education through home including Art, English Litof print. A few gifted persons have

study courses of the Church erature, History, Home Ecosuch a widefocus span that they

University. Agriculture, nomics, "oneThese ComReli- can see an entire line of print to the classes student"merce, Languages, be may

entered at any time, no matgion, and the social, biostop. The reading of word groups

ter who the registrant may logical, and physical sciis the crux of the reading problem be. ences. for most people. Once the wearisome habit of reading a single word

For a catalogue, write to EXTENSION DIVISION at each fixation has been replaced

groups, the problem is largely solved.BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY, with the habit of reading word—-

The eye grasp, if centered, can easily include in one fixation a word group such as this:

NOW IS THE TIME

Poor readers would make four stops when one will do.

Persons having the bad habit of using the vocal organs when doing silent reading will have the problem of overcoming the practice.

Once the reader discovers he has such a habit, the problem is partially solved.

Tn developing correct habits it is important not to reverse the eye back over a line or phrase where a word has inadvertently been missed.

Much time can be lost, and a bad habit formed if one makes a practice of going back. Rarely will the

meaning of a paragraph be lost by going ahead where a word has been missed.

The first fixation on the new line should center in about the third word of the new line. It would be

a waste of eye span to have the

Skilled Hands Public Speaking first the focus of of on word -mmmmm. center at fundamentals theory home Learn and

expesnare In Then line, left for the the side the of new Higher Pay and Mean practice. nameactual adacquireSend rience

booklet. free andtime.interesting "Power for dress left the be span wasted would on obligation. PreSpeech."of Effective No

to for especially unable those pared first the of page. the margin From public lessons in personal take

speaking. fixation the eye moves to the center

NORTH AMERICAN SCHOOL, Dept 1391 1315 So. Michigan Ave., Chicago 5, III. of each succeeding word group of

Quish training has the line. The move to the next sucthou-- to dividends paid line of print is properly Students reintensive training *fSTiforHome Poppin4 *2T"'-'pJ*.sands.ceive single swing. made in a supervision under, of m ceeding experts.,Enroll, anytime. 1QHUU9 SEND FOR FREE CATALOG The eye movements should be

It is results. for best rhythmical best OF SCHOOL JOLLY

CULTURE to practise material simple on where. 338'MAIN SOUTH

difficult are concepts not involved. tlftJE CORN *v. RERUTV

Once a person has the habit of reading word groups, he can quickly cover much of his reading by skim- J/ul Sws&tsL&L Stffiif veA. JoltL

ming. The important thoughts contained in most written matter can be

obtained by the selection of keyIs In That Box word groups. People gifted in

skimming or selecting strategic word groups which convey the essential thoughts can cover many pages ofprinted matter in a relatively short PINK & GOLD time. Understanding the ideas of

the author is, of course, the object of reading. If you need to understand but the general theme of the

reading matter and if the details are not needed by you, skimming will do.

Better reading will improve the quality of our Church meetings.

Community and group singing will improve because persons seeing a word group at a single fixation will be able also to see a group of notes at a fixation, and there will be time left to watch the conductor. Scriptural readings and other oral readings will improve, too, for the reader wiW be able to spend part of his

time glancing up at his audience.

The person reading word groups usually does well reading aloud. His

eyes and thoughts have no difficulty keeping ahead of his tongue.

Whenever possible, let's teach these things in the classes and organizations of the Church. Let's really

become a literate people. It will

mean better understanding of the gospel, better teaching, improved missionary work, more real scholarship, finer singing and better oral IT'S eooo reading. It will help us individually CHOCOLATES

and collectively to attain toward perfection. The Master said, "Be

ye therefore perfect."(Matthew 5: Tune KSL Wednesday, 10:00 P. M, for Interlude for Strings

48.)

Note: Any good library will have books

the to reader should reading, wish go on IIVI USE for OVER FIFTY YEARS folreading. of the art into deeper The WE OffER

lowing should prove helpful: A COMPLETE Aids in treatment of Canker, simple SERVICE ENGRAVING sore throat and other minor mouth

Missionary Portraits to the Largest From irritations. and throatHow to Read Rapidly and Well. Wrenn Catalogues.

and Cole, Stanford University Press, Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention

California. Alto, Palo CO. ENGRAVING UTAH

St. Salt Lake City, Utah Silent Reading. Pitkin, 113 Regent Art HALLSSalt Lake REMEDYCity, Utah o/ Rapid, The

McGrawHill Book Co., 370 Seventh

Avenue, New York.

How to Use Your Mind. Kitson, LippinNew Features for your enjoyment

cott Co., Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Learning How to Study and Work Effec THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tively. William F. Book, Ginn and Co., 12 Issues $2.00

Chicago, Illinois.

JANUARY 1948 6) From Sagebrush To Symphony (Continued from page 19) During recent leaves of absence from his university position, Professor Robertson has been associated with Ernst Toch and Arnold Schoenberg at the University of

Southern California.

Recognition of his creative work has grown rapidly. His Quartet in

E Minor was one of four compositions for strings honored by the

New York Critics'Circle in 1944.

He won the Helen Sheets prize for chamber music, an award for the best Latterday Saint hymn, and the

Ultra Modern New Utah Institute of Fine Arts award

COFFEE SHOP for his Rhapsody [or Piano and OrDistinctively Beautiful chestra which has been featured by

ROYAL DINING ROOM the Columbia Broadcasting System

Air Conditioned Symphony. Acclaim has also been

EMBASSY BUFFET accorded his American Serenade in the past three years, and the Punch and Judy Overture* which was premiered in the Salt Lake Tabernacle November 22, 1947, by the

Utah Symphony Orchestra con400 ROOMS EACH WITH PRIVATE BATH ducted by Maurice AbravaneL

Much of his chamber music has GARAGE FACILITIES ADJACENT been played extensively during the past decade, especially by the Roth

Quartet.

An international audience heard iViiiil is lie )h\ liii|)ii!iiiiij the premiere of the prizewinning

Trilogy, played 14 over December YmriiallilftUfr? PRUDENCE radio of networks by the new world

the Detroit Symphony with Dr. Karl!LyS is a Virtue Krueger conducting.

Conserve your substance. The next work awaited from the '*/\ Doctors agree that for physical and mental development Eliminate unnecessary waste. pen of the brilliant Utahn is an

is first imthe the year most the from Book of Mormon. This simplified Family Budget and Tax oratorio

life. in portant a child's year scripture the of ancient Based on to assist Record is designed you in makextra spethat This means

cial care must be taken to ing your financial plans, and making America, it includes music for choir, insure proper development those plans work. soloists, and orchestra, and is the

throughout this allimport- largest work he has undertaken thus year. ant

This is why we take such far.

scrupulous care in the proThe composer has rendered speduction of Special Morning cial service to the Church as a memMilk, the evaporated milk that so many doctors recomber and officer of the General Music mend for baby's formula. Committee for a number of years.

We carefully control each production step, from the Tn his teaching and conducting as farm to your grocer; and we

add extra vitamins A and D head of the music department at in just the right amount to Brigham Young University, Profesinsure help proper bone and sor Robertson has contributed much tooth development.

Be glad when your doctor to the building of one of the West's prescribes Special Morning major music centers. The university

Milk for your baby's first at your favorite book store symphony has gained a wide repyear!

or the publisher direct... utation for its excellence and is soon

to be featured on the Sunday Evening Hour of the Church over Stalarge proportion of the T. LELAND SHREEVE, tion KSL. A

music leaders in intermountain comKiesel BIdg. Ogden, Utah

munities have received training atfeu it MILK the Church university. Professor

62 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Robertson has helped bring the finest in music instruction and concert Take It From Us rendition to the campus through theBrigham Young University Summer A Missionary Needs Good

Festival, such withMusical artists as the Quartet, Roth worldPhotographic Equipmentfamous

Andor Foldes, and the Philharmonic

Orchestra of Los Angeles under the direction of Alfred Wallenstein.

Among the advanced students in theory and counterpoint who are with Professor Robertson at the university is Crawford Gates, youthful composer who wrote the music for

Promised Valley, lavish musical production of the Utah centennial celebration.

The musician's family of three daughters and one son show interfa- of theiresting evidence noted

isther's talent. twenty, a GEORGE WEBB MEaBI"i oZ Marian,

cellist in the Utah Symphony and the

Brigham Young University SymWe offer a complete line of finest equipment a missionary phony, and will be graduated from needs. Motion picture, opaque, sliHe, and film strip pro-

B.Y.U. this year. Renee, seventeen, jectors, CAMERAS and ACCESSORIES. See us; we know

is a violinist in the Provo High School the missionaries'problems.

orchestra and played in the state high school orchestra last year. Tenyear-old Karen is a piano student SALT LAKE CAMERA STORE

111 E. 2nd South Salt Lake City, Utahwith some leanings toward composition, and sixyear-old Jimmy comVisual Education Distributors

pletes the family musical circle as a violin pupil.

/\uiet in nature, friendly, and with a deep humility, Leroy Robertson feels that the souluplifting effect of his mountain environment THE WAY TO A has exerted a profound influence on spiritual infusinghis music, a it with in thequality a life "hotMAN'S HEART. which

house"surroundings of the world's music capitals might not have produced. While recognizing that intensive study is essential, he believes

that a talent can reach its highest fruition in a life attuned to nature and things of the spirit.

serious student "For any of mu-... And to everyone's heart, if ssic,"says, he "I should recommend

the rare combination of Leichtentritt "menu special"in the Salt Lake Sunday Tribune for sixteenth century music. Bloch for Magazine. Appetizing arrays like this—reprofor Mozart, andBach, Toch duced in full color photography—plus easyto-

for Beethoven. I shouldSchoenberg

also recommend a wife and family follow recipes help add glamour to dinner tables who are willing to sacrifice their wherever the Salt Lake Sunday Tribune is read.

desires immediate for someown This is just one of the dozens of features in the ultimatelything bring they feel will Sunday Magazine. With the daily Salt Lake Tribune,

them joy and satisfaction, and last, $1.50 per month in Utah, Idaho, Nevada and

I should recommend a place to live Wyoming. Elsewhere in the United States, $1.75.

where there are good friends and high mountains."

This, apparently, is the very pattern a which produced in this thirdgenius generain Utah musical ait ukt pikme \tion since the Mormon pioneers.

JANUARY 1948 63 0WX

Reynolds, Georgia Dear Editors: ADDRESSES OF L.D.S. SERVICEMEN'S HOMES

for the Since a as to Era. such magazine thank you word a Just 24th Cor. Diego, Calif. 1104 24th St, "C,"San & the live of to branch Church near enough don't to any we

St., Calif. Alice 1836 Oakland, visit is like a Era other Improvement members, contact The

St., Calif. Marysville, 615 "F"and God, thank of the Authorities Church, and the we from

Beretania 1594 St., Honolulu, So. T.H.

... this messenger. for wonderful you

Susie R. Cotney and Family

Ogden, Utah ["R. R. H. Walker, author of "For the Security of Zion,"

Editors: Dear in issue appeared *-* which Improvethe December of The home. to cover, in our cover read from Era is of Agricultural agriculture State Era, dean and The July ment at Utah THE

particularly yet. Congratulations! best the was number We will College, international to the the commission improve head

enjoyed "Your Page and Ours,"and are now better acquainted physical and financial welfare of the Siamese in Thailand as personally Dr. Stewart authors. good with some We know for (Siam). Dr. shortly after will leave Christmas Walker Young's S. Dilworth to Elder and say "Amen"man, a fine final instructions D.C., Washington, the United to obtain from

neighbor beloved our been He's sketch. Uncle know We agricultural food Year's organization. Nations and On New

him, miss years. now. the nine for past WeDil. fly capital to he will thence to Bangkok, London and Eve

authors of our sketches It these nice to read be would every of Thailand.

month, on "Your Page and Ours."

Best wishes for the Era. -<>-

Yours truly, Paul S. Bieler

"Did you hear about the elderly gentleman, ninetyseven said he didn't have an enemy in the world old—who

all?"New York 21, New York yearshe'd outlived them

Editors: Dear

please find postal note for $2.00. I would like to -$- Enclosed

subscribe to The Improvement Era magazine for one year.

My husband and I are new members of the Church of Jesus And then there's the story of the missionary who wanted all

Christ of Latterday Saints, Manhattan Ward. A sister kindly peoples to submit to a blood test, and then preach only to

let us borrow several copies of the Era, and we have found those whose test showed positive to the blood of Israel.

the contents of each copy so greatly helpful and informative to us that we hope to have our own issues soon. -$-

(signed) Mrs. Woodrow W. Ogle

What a terrific din there'd be if we made as much noise

Corinne, Utah when things go right as we do when they go wrong.

Dear Editors:

thrilled to to say I always I was see my poem. Needless -$-

it saying, consider that old it disproves an honor, and to me "a prophet in his own country, etc."

Would it be possible for you to give me the address of Thistles hurt unless grasped firmly. Problems are thistly

Elaine V. Emans? I see her poetry frequently in all the better sometimes.

magazines and it has such a warm, downto-earth appeal, that

I would like to write and tell her so. Would appreciate it very - much if I could have her address.

Thank you.

Very sincerely, Marijane Morris

Salt Lake City, Utah Dear Era Editors:

"Decause this is the "Thank You"month of a year grown *-* old, I want to thank each one and all of you, for your beautiful service in behalf of the youth of our Church, and not only do I thank you for our boys and girls, but for all of us who are years older.

u As you serve, may your joy grow! wm r * I d if S M I **, J IM Sincerely,

Zelda Davis Howard The Gleaner girls of Bern Ward, Montpelier Stake, with the Gleaner leader.

In Castle Gate Ward, one hundred percent of all girls twelve, thirteen, and fourteen years of age enrolled, Builders and Bee Keeper on left, Gatherers and Bee Keeper on right. Guardian and Honor Bees are in the front row.—Submitted by Louise Anderson.

64 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Good Housekeeper's Sign Even in sign language of Approval... used by the lady

who does lots of aroundtown they say "It's good going on driving, finds Chevron Supreme

Chevron Supreme"Gasoline vaporizes quickly and starts without fuss in any weather.

The HighOctane Flip... "Glides

up hills like a bird,"the man says.

And no wonder, for Chevron Supreme is "climatetailored"to fit driving conditions in different altitude and

temperature zones.

The Scotchman's Salute... for economical folks who get such long mileage

with Chevron Supreme Gasoline they just can't resist cheering (its quick warmup saves gas, too, in cool weather).

Its goodgoing on

CHEVRON

GAS STATION N

Stop at Independent Chevron GasStations or Standard Stations, Inc. CHEVRON

for Standard of California products SUPREME GASOLINE. '.':.''::

DAWN OF A NEW YEAR

The world moves anxiously forward, hoping the New Year will bring food... security... peace

among the nations. /"--—*-> During these uncertain times, give your family the

Vou can de this at once by carrying adaquate life insurance.

j0

VOeUME 51 NUMBER t

SALT LAKE Cltf 1,