find it a profitable investment Mr. Stofekeeper—You'll

to carry

I. Z. C. M. FACTORYw2

CO SHOES & OVERALLS "S3 Now is the time to push The Leader and Western Scout s Everwear Overalls CO

Shoes Don't splendid satCO rip—give

isfaction.

The Ideal Summer Shoe.S for Men, Youths and Boys.

Used extensively by Boy CO Scouts, Carpenters, Iron

- s Workers, etc.

ZH Latterday Saints Garments APPROVED CORRECT PATTERN These APPROVED TEMPLE GARMENTS are knitted and - CO made right here in our own UTAH FACTORY, to your special order and measurements.

Lowest prices on market, Mail your order to us now and say tbat you saw it in the "ERA."

Prepaid to any part of tlie United States by parcel post To Canada or

Mexico, 15c extra per garment.

Look for the APPROVED LABEL in every GARMENToo Lot No. Price

11 Light weight cotton $1.5

20 Light weight cotton, bleached 1.70

60 Medium weight cotton 1.S5

22 Medium weight cotton, bleached 2.00

90 Heavy weight cotton 2.35

24 lion \ y weight cotton, bleached 2.50

50 Extra white double bleached mere 3.00

10 Medium weight wool mixture 3.00

16 Heavy weight wool mixture 3.50

18 Extra heavy wool 5.00

Sizes from 32 to 44 bust and from 52 to 64 length as desired. Longer

than 64 in. and over 44 in. bust, each size 20c extra.

Garments with double backs, 25c extra per suit. We make any size

desired. Measure bust around body under arms; length, from center on

top of shoulder down to inside of ankle.U

MODEL KNITTING WORKS FRANKLYN CHRISTIANSON, Manager

Phone Hy. 516 657 Iverson Street, Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

i'liimiiiliii iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiin Illiiiiiin iiiiiiii mi i iiiiiniiiiiiiiiiii i r i <i 1 1 1 1 1 r r 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i r 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 e 1 1 1 1 13

( AMERICA AND ITALIA

| The might of ancient Rome has passed away, | Now but a dream its lust to rule the lands;

| Of shattered pride tell arch and column gray, 1 Where each wrecked structure by the Forum stands. |

| Democracy has come, with new appeal, 1 Where, in that Forum, Goth and Vandal roared;

1 The New World meets the Old, in one ideal,

I Where Brutus in great Caesar plunged his sword.

| Lo, Hope is born that War be made to cease, 1 The banners of red Mars be useless furled;

| And in all hearts is longing for that Peace, 1 That shall bring Love to subjugate the world:

Rome, for thy empire, blood of millions ran;

1 Greet now a Dawn to bring the Rights of Man |

1 Alfred Lambourne. \

llllllllllllllllMlllll llMI'lllllllllMllltllllllllllllMIMIIIUIlllllllltllllMltlllllllllllllllllllllllltllllllllllllMlllllirillllMllllllllllllllMllllllilinilirillllllllllllli

Copyright by Underwood & Underwood, N. Y.

AMERICAN SAILORS VISIT THE FAMOUS ROMAN FORUM

As guests of the Italian Government, nine hundred American sailors, divided into detachments of two hundred were recently given an opportunity to visit Ancient Rome. Some of the bluejackets who visited the

famous Roman Forum are here shown in front of the Temple of Faustina.

Vol. XXII MAY. 1919 No. 7

A Tribute and a Warning

By A. A. Ramseyer

Hundreds of years ago, when the Swiss republic was being formed, the Swiss had to fight against powerful adversaries, the noblemen living among and around them. But in those days of

simple life, the Swiss never gave battle without first bending the knee and calling upon God for his almighty help which never failed.

I am reminded of this when reflecting upon what happened in the United States Senate, just before the vote upon the war with Germany was taken. On April 4, 1917, there were plenty

of enthusiastic speeches, thirtyone pages of the Congressional

Record being filled with them. Senator Reed Smoot, of Utah,

had prepared a speech, too, but as he was about to deliver it, he felt a change come upon him, and instead of making a speech, he merely said:

"Mr. President, I arise to make this simple, but earnest

appeal: "God bless and approve the action to be taken by the

Senate this day. Oh, Father, preserve our Government, and

hasten the day when liberty will be enjoyed by all the peoples of the earth."(Congressional Record, page 176.)

This simple prayer, coming from the lips of an apostle of the Lord was not without avail, as we all now know. The vote

was taken soon after; war was declared against Germany, and

it has been won, with the succor of Almighty God.

So unusual was the proceeding of Senator Smoot, in offering prayer before the Senate, that a hush fell upon the august assembly. The next day, Vicepresident Marshall, meeting the

Senator on his way to the hall, spoke his satisfaction upon the subject, and afterwards Mr. Smoot received letters from many

parts of the country, and some even from Europe, congratulating him upon his appeal to Deity for the success of our righteous cause.

560 IMPROVEMENT ERA

On the following Monday, April 9, 1917, Senator James H.

Lewis, of Illinois, said, in a speech on the War with Germany:

"Sir, we beheld at the close of the debate on the solemn resolution the certificate to the world that this was a Christian country, when the eminent Senator from Utah (Mr. Smoot)

brought the proceedings to a close by bowing his head in submision to the great Captain of us all, and breathed to his colleagues a prayer that the Father of our mercies and our destinies might guide us to where we would do no wrong. It was a

courageous act. The only similar instance I know of in parliamentary history is when Lord Brougham, in the instance of

Queen Caroline, knelt before the lords, tendering his invocation to God that they do justice. I likewise join in the prayer of

that eminent Senator."(Congressional Record, page 560.)

Now that the war has t>een won, and with the fact fresh in our minds that some seven million soldiers were actually trained in the United States for this mighty conflict, but few realize the gravity of the situation that confronted our legislators.

Those well informed knew the formidable strength of our opponents, with all the odds in their favor; viz., veterans in large

numbers, well protected positions, France bled white, England almost exhausted, the Atlantic between us and Germany, only a handful of trained U. S. Soldiers, no ammunition, no artillery,

no rifles to speak of, for the vast hosts that were to be trained in our country. No wonder those who knew best were dubious,

although their patriotism kept their lips sealed. True, our boys

behaved magnificently in ChateauThierry, in St. Mihiel, in

a period of dread elapsed betweenthe Argonne woods—but what

the declaration of war, on the 6th of April, 1917, and June, 1918

Our untrained boys to meet the seasoned shocktroops of militaristic Germany! The thought was very troublesome to our leaders,

both civil and military. Then there was the finances; how

would the American people look upon loans of billions of dollars? Well, thanks to an overruling and kind Providence,

everything succeeded beyond our expectations. The draft was

a success from the beginning; the people subscribed with alacrity

to the loans; the manufacturers transformed their plants in

order to produce ammunition; rifles were made in record time;

ships were found to transport our soldiers who arrived just in time to stop the enemy at ChateauThierry, turning what seemed to be a defeat and almost a rout into a grand victory! Instead of

retreats, advances were made, until the eleventh hour of the eleventh day of the eleventh month of 1918 brought the so much coveted peace by victory on the side of righteousness.

Did not the blessing of the Lord, so earnestly invoked by

Senator Smoot, bring about the wonderful unanimity of the

American people, the unsurpassed industrial transformation, the

A TRIBUTE AND A WARNING 561

fearless bravery of our young soldiers? The acute food shortage of the Allies was met by a ready response on this side of

the Atlantic; obstructionists were put aside; from Maine to

California there was but one nation, one country, eager to help win the war! What more could be wished?

Because all went so well, and seemingly so smoothly, and because the goal was attained with comparatively little real sacrifice, should we not be grateful to the Power who so signally strengthened our hands? Who put us foremost amongst all

nations of the earth, so that our counsels and good offices have been sought from all parts of the world! Should we take the

glory unto ourselves? God forbid!

David sings: "I will speak of the glorious honor of thy

majesty, and of thy wondrous works. And men shall speak of

the might of thy terrible acts."(Psalms, 145:5, 6.)

Lest we forget! Let us be grateful to God for the help

vouchsafed us in the hour of our greatest need; and as citizens

let us express our thanks to a man of God who appealed to the

Lord to let His help abundantly come forth.

The NinetyFirst or "Wild West Division"

The good people of Utah are reminded of the heroic boys of the Ninetyfirst or "Wild West Division."Boys who fought

and won on the field of battle, and played their part in driving the Kaiser from his home in Berlin! They are now coming

back again, and if kind Heaven wills it so, they will live and die among the native hills of their own mountain valleys. However,

if war should ever come again to our beloved country, they will be among the first to put on their packs and once more leave their homes in its defense! At Ypres, St. Mihiel, and Argonne,

they charged, and broke through the strong Prussian lines. They

are bringing home with them honor and fame, these heroes of the "Wild West Division."Many of their comrades fell, shot

down by the bullets and shrapnel of the Huns. These and our

returning boys stood firm to their guns, and charged the Prussian guards until they yielded and reeled before their charge of steel Let us not forget them! But what of their comrades, the

boys who fought as faithfully and who died for their country in the foreign land? Will they be forgotten? No; the noble

sacrifice they made, the victory thus won, and the brave deeds which they have accomplished will be told in history! Let us

then welcome their comrades, the returning heroes who fought the fierce enemy in defense of Old Glory, the flag they will bring flag of our country, the flag without a stain! back again—the

Rock Springs, Wyo. James Crookston

Underwood & Underwood, N. Y.

"CONTEMPTIBLE BRITISH ARMY"IN THE STREETS OF COLOGNE

The British army, which the exKaiser characterized as "contemptible,"in the earlier days of the ivar, is shown passing through the German city of Cologne, one of the "show"cities of the former ruler's domain. The

beautiful Cologne Cathedral is shown in the background.

The Way to Wealth Being the Preface to Poor Richard? s Almanac for 1758

By Benjamin Franklin

[A beautiful brochure containing extracts from Poor Richard's Almanac, by Benjamin Franklin, was published something over a year ago by the

Dominion Bank, Canada, and presented to the shareholders of that bank, by

Sir Edmund B. Osier. These extracts contain some sensible Eighteenth Century advice applicable to Twentieth Century war conditions. The wellknown preface is perhaps the most famous part of the Almanac. "The Way

to Wealth"is very widely known among the writings of Franklin. The "way"

has changed little in the past 160 years; hence, it will interest readers of the

Era to peruse it once more. It is especially good reading for young people.

The preface was written at a period of heavy taxes and poor business, and its homely wisdom is said notably at the time to have promoted cheerfulness, thrift and economy—three conditions which the M. I. A. are seeking to promote this season through our summer work. Of the proverbial wisdom of

the Almanac, and of this preface in particular Franklin, in his Autobiography, says:

"Observing that it (the Almanac) was generally read, scarce any neighborhood in the province being without it, I considered it as a proper vehicle for conveying instruction among the common people, who bought scarcely any other books; I therefore filled all the little spaces that occur'd between

the remarkable days in the calendar with proverbial sentences, chiefly such as inculcated industry and frugality, as the means of procuring wealth, and thereby securing virtue; it being more difficult for a man in want, to act

always honestly, as, to use here one of those proverbs, it is hard for an empty sack to stand upright.

"These proverbs, which contained the wisdom of many ages and nations,

I assembl'd and form'd into a connected discourse prefix'd to the Almanac of 1757, as the harangue of a wise old man to the people attending an auction. The bringing all these scattered counsels thus into a focus enabled

them to make greater impression. The piece, being universally approved,

was copied in all the newspapers of the Continent; reprinted in Britain on

a broad side, to be stuck up in houses; two translations were made of it in

French, and great numbers bought by the clergy and gentry, to distribute gratis among their poor parishoners and tenants. In Pennsylvania, as it discouraged useless expense in foreign superfluities, some thought it had its

share of influence in producing that growing plenty of money which was observable for several years after its publication."The Era is indebted

to President Heber J. Grant for the Dominion Bank brochure Editors.]

read that nothing gives an Courteous Reader:—I have

author so great pleasure as to find his works respectfully quoted by others. Judge, then, how much I must have been gratified

by an incident I am going to relate to you. I stopped my horse

lately where a great number of people were collected at an auction of merchants'goods. The hour of the sale not being come,

564 IMPROVEMENT ERA

they were conversing on the badness of the times; and one of the

company called to a plain, clean old man with white locks:

"Pray, Father Abraham, what think you of the times? Will not

these heavy taxes quite ruin the country? How shall we ever

be able to pay them? What would you advise us to do?"Father

Abraham stood up and replied: "If you would have my advice,

I will give it you in short; for A word to the wise is enough, as

Poor Richard says."They joined in desiring him to speak his

mind, and gathering round him he proceeded as follows:

"Friends,"said he, "the taxes are indeed very heavy, and if those laid on by the government were the only ones we had to pay, we might more easily discharge them, but we have many others and much more grievous to some of us. We are taxed

twice as much by our idleness, three times as much by our pride, and four times as much by our folly, and from these taxes the commissioners cannot ease or deliver us by allowing an abatement. However, let us hearken to good advice and something

may be done for us: God helps them that help themselves, as

Poor Richard says.

"I. It would be thought a hard government that should

tax its people onetenth part of their time, to be employed in its service, but idleness taxes many of us much more: sloth by

bringing on diseases, absolutely shortens life. Sloth, like rust,

consumes faster than labor wears, while the used key is always bright, as Poor Richard says.. But dost thou love life, then do

not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of, as Poor

Richard says. How much more than is necessary do we spend

in sleep, forgetting that The sleeping fox catches no poultry, and that There will be sleeping enough in the grave, as Poor Richard says. "// time be of all things the most precious, wasting time must be, as Poor Richard says, the greatest prodigality, since, as he elsewhere tells us, Lost time is never found again, and what we call time enough always proves little enough. Let us then up and

be doing, and doing to the purpose; so by diligence shall we do

more with less perplexity. Sloth makes all things difficult, but

industry all things easy; and He that riseth late must trot all

day, and shall scarce overtake his business at night; while laziness travels so slowly that Poverty soon overtakes him. Drive

thy business, let not that drive thee; and Early to bed and early

to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise, as Poor Richard says.

"So what signifies wishing and hoping for better times? We

may make these times better if we bestir ourselves. Industry

need not wish, and he that lives upon hopes will die fasting.

There are no gains without pains; then help hands, for I have

no lands; or if I have they are smartly taxed. He that hath a

THE WAY OF WEALTH 565

trade hath an estate, and he that hath a calling hath an office of profit and honor, as Poor Richard says; but then the trade

must be worked at and the calling followed, or neither the estate nor the office will enable us to pay our taxes. If we are industrious we shall never starve, for At the ivorking man's house

hunger looks in but dares not enter. Nor will the bailiff nor

the constable enter, for Industry pays debts, while despair increaseth them. What though you have found no treasure, nor

has any rich relation left you a legacy, Diligence is the mother oj good luck, and God gives all things to industry. Then plough

deep while sluggards sleep, and you shall have corn to sell and to keep. Work while it is called today, for you know not how

much you may be hindered tomorrow. One today is worth two

tomorrows, as Poor Richard says; and further, Never leave that

till tomorrow which you can do today. If you were a servant

would you not be ashamed that a good master should catch you idle? Are you then your own master? Be ashamed to

catch yourself idle when there is so much to be done for yourself, your family, your country, and your king. Handle your

tools without mittens; remember that The cat in gloves catches

no mice, as Poor Richard says. It is true there is much to be

done, and perhaps you are weakhanded, but stick to it steadily and you will see great effects; for Constant dropping wears

away stones: and By diligence and patience the mouse ate in

two the cable; and Little strokes fell great oaks.

"Methinks I hear some of you say, 'Must a man afford himself no leisure?'I will tell thee, my friend, what Poor Richard

says: Employ thy time well, if thou meanest to gain leisure; and,

since thou art not sure of a minute, throw not away an hour.

Leisure is time for doing something useful; this leisure the diligent man will obtain, but the lazy man never; for A life of

leisure and a life of laziness are two things. Many, without labor, would live by their wits only, but they break for want of

stock; whereas industry gives comfort and plenty and respect.

Fly pleasures and they will follow you. The diligent spinner

has a large shift; and now I have a sheep and a cow, everybody

bids me good morrow.

"II. But with our industry we must likewise be steady, settled, and careful and oversee our own affairs with our own eyes,

and not trust too much to others; for, as Poor Richard says:

"I never saw an oftremoved tree,

Nor yet an oftremoved family, That throve so well as those that settled be.

"And again, Three removes are as bad as a fire; and again,

Keep thy shop and thy shop will keep thee; and again: // you

would have your business done, go; if not, send.

"And again:

566 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"He that by the plough would thrive,

Himself must either hold or drive.

"And again, The eye of a master will do more work than both his hands; and again, Want of care does us more damage than

want of knowledge; and again, Not to oversee workmen is to

leave them your purse open. Trusting too much to others'care

is the ruin of many; for, In the affairs of this world men are

saved, not by faith, but by the want of it; but a man's own care

is profitable; for, // you would have a faithful servant, and one

that you like, serve yourself. A little neglect may breed great

mischief; for want of a nail the shoe was lost; for want of a

shoe the horse was lost; for want of a horse the rider was lost,

being overtaken and slain by the enemy, all for want of a little care about a horseshoe nail.

"III. So much for industry, my friends, and attention to

one's own business; but to these we must add frugality, if we

would make our industry more certainly successful. A man

may, if he knows not how to save as he gets, keep his nose all his life to the grindstone and die not worth a groat at last.

A fat kitchen makes a lean will; and

"Many estates are spent in the getting,

Since women for tea forsook spinning and knitting,

And men for punch forsook hewing and splitting.

"// you would be wealthy, think of saving as well as of getting. The Indies have not made Spain rich, because her outgoes

are greater than her incomes.

"Away then with your expensive follies, and you will not then have so much cause to complain of hard times, heavy taxes, and chargeable families; for

"Women and wine, game and deceit,

Make the wealth small and the want great.

"And further, What maintains one vice would bring up two children. You may think, perhaps, that a little tea, or a little

punch now and then, diet a little more costly, clothes a little finer, and a little entertainment now and then, can be no great matter; but remember, Many a little makes a mickle. Beware

of little expenses; A small leak will sink a great ship, as Poor

Richard says; and again, Who dainties love, shall beggars prove;

and moreover, Fools make feasts, and wise men eat them.

"Here you are all got together at this sale of fineries and knickknacks. You call them goods; but if you do not take care

they will prove evils to some of you. You expect they will be

sold cheap, and perhaps they may for less than they cost; but if

you have no occasion for them they must be dear to you. Remember what Poor Richard says: Buy what thou hast no need

of, and ere long thou shalt sell thy necessaries. And again, At

THE WAY OF WEALTH 567

a great pennyworth pause awhile. He means, that perhaps the

cheapness is apparent only, and not real; or the bargain, by

straitening thee in thy business, may do thee more harm than good. For in another place he says, Many have been ruined by

buying good pennyworths. Again, It is foolish to lay out money

in a purchase of repentance; and yet this folly is practiced every

day at auctions for want of minding the Almanac. Many a one,

for the sake of finery on the back, have gone with a hungry belly and halfstarved their families. Silks and satins, scarlets and

velvets, put out the kitchen fire, as Poor Richard says.

"These are not the necessaries of life; they can scarcely be

called the conveniences; and yet, only because they look pretty,

how many*want to have them! By these and other extravagances the genteel are reduced to poverty and forced to borrow

of those whom they formerly despised, but who, through industry and frugality have maintained their standing; in which case

it appears plainly that A ploughman on his legs is higher than a gentleman on his knees, as Poor Richard says. Perhaps they

have had a small estate left them, which they knew not the getting of; they think, It is day, and will never be night; that a

little to be spent out of so much is not worth minding; but

Always taking out of the mealtub, and never putting in, soon comes to the bottom, as Poor Richard says, and then, When the well is dry, they know the worth of water. But this they might

have known before, if they had taken his advice. // you would

know the value of money, go and try to borrow some; for he

that goes a borrowing goes a sorrowing, as Poor Richard says;

and indeed so does he that lends to such people, when he goes to get it again.

"Poor Dick further advises and says,

"Fond pride of dress is sure a very curse;

Ere fancy you consult, consult your purse.

"And again, Pride is as loud a beggar as Want, and a great deal more saucy. When you have bought one fine thing you

must buy ten more, that your appearance may be all of a piece;

but Poor Dick says, It is easier to suppress the first desire than to satisfy all that follow it. And it is as truly folly for the poor

to ape the rich, as for the frog to swell in order to equal the ox.

"Vessels large may venture more,

But little boats should keep near shore.

"It is, however, a folly soon punished; for, as Poor Richard

says, Pride that dines on vanity sups on contempt. Pride that

breakfasted with Plenty, dined with Poverty, and supped with

Infamy. And after all, of what use is this pride of appearance,

for which so much is risked, so much is suffered? It cannot

568 IMPROVEMENT ERA

promote health, nor ease pain; it makes no increase of merit

in the person; it creates envy; it hastens misfortune.

"But what madness must it be to run in debt for these superfluities? We are offered by the terms of the sale six months'

credit; and that, perhaps, has induced some of us to attend it,

because we cannot spare the ready money, and hope now to be fine without it. But ah! think what you do when you run in

debt; you give to another power over your liberty. If you cannot pay at the time, you will be ashamed to see your creditor;

you will be in fear when you speak to him; you will make poor,

pitiful, sneaking excuses, and by degress come to lose your veracity, and sink into base, downright lying; for, The second vice is

lying, the first is running in debt, as Poor Richard says; and

again, to the same purpose, Lying rides upon Debt's back; whereas a freeborn Englishman ought not to be ashamed nor afraid

to see or speak to any man living. But poverty often deprives

a man of all spirit and virtue. It is hard for an empty bag to

stand upright.

"What would you think of that prince or of that government who should issue an edict forbidding you to dress like a gentleman or gentlewoman, on pain of imprisonment or servitude? Would you not say that you were free, have a right to

dress as you please, and that such an edict would be a breach of your privileges, and such a government tyrannical? And yet

you are about to put yourself under such tyranny when you run in debt for such dress! Your creditor has authority, at his pleasure, to deprive you of your liberty by confining you in gaol till

you shall be able to pay him. When you have got your bargain

you may, perhaps, think little of payment, but as Poor Richard says, Creditors have better memories than debtors; creditors

are a superstitious sect, great observers of set days and times.

The day comes round before you are aware, and the demand is made before you are prepared to satisfy it; or, if you bear your

debt in mind, the term, which at first seemed so long, will, as it lessens, appear extremely short. Time will seem to have added

wings to his heels as well as his shoulders. Those have a short

Lent who owe money to be paid at Easter. At present, perhaps,

you may think yourself in thriving circumstances, and that you can bear a little extravagance without injury, but "For age and want save while you may;

No morning sun lasts a whole day.

"Gain may be temporary and uncertain, but ever, while you live, expense is constant and certain; and It is easier to build two

chimneys than to keep one in fuel, as Poor Richard says; so,

Rather go to bed supperless than rise in debt.

THE WAY OF WEALTH 569

"Get what you can, and what you get hold;

'Tis the stone that will turn all your lead into gold.

"And. when you have got the Philosopher's stone, sure you

will no longer complain of bad times or the difficulty of paying taxes. "IV. This doctrine, my friends, is reason and wisdom; but,

after all, do not depend too much upon your own industry and frugality and prudence, though excellent things, for they may all be blasted, without the blessing of Heaven; and therefore

ask that blessing humbly, and be not uncharitable to those that at present seem to want it, but comfort and help them. Remember Job suffered and was afterwards prosperous.

"And now, to conclude, Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other, as Poor Richard says, and scarce in that, for it is true, We may give advice, but we cannot give conduct. However, remember this, They that will not be counseled cannot be helped; and further, that // you will not hear

Reason, she will surely rap your knuckles, as Poor Richard says."

Thus the old gentleman ended his harangue. The people

heard it and approved the doctrine, and immediately practiced the contrary just as if it had been a common sermon; for the

auction opened, and they began to buy extravagantly. I found

the good man had thoroughly studied my Almanacs, and digested all I had dropped on these topics during the course of twentyfive years. The frequent mention he made of me must have tired

any one else, but my vanity was wonderfully delighted with it, though I was conscious that not a tenth part of the wisdom was my own which he ascribed to me, but rather the gleanings I had made of the sense of all ages and nations. However, I resolved to be the better for the echo of it, and although I had at

first determined to buy stuff for a new coat, I went away resolved to wear my old one a little longer. Reader, if thou wilt do the

same thy profit will be as great as mine. I am, as ever, thine

to serve thee.

Richard Saunders.

Constructive Hints to Ward Choir

Conductors

By Brigham Cecil Gates, Director School of Music L. D. S. U. Assistant

Conductor Tabernacle Choir, Salt Lake City

The problem of training a successful ward choir is becoming every day more pressing. The success or failure of the choir depends largely upon the leader's technical efficiency and energy,

his initiative and, most of all, his unselfish devotion to duty.

Three elements go to make up a successful conductor: first,

ability to organize a well balanced body of singers; second, to

maintain regularity of attendance; and third, to produce good

music effectively, which involves a certain amount of technical efficiency.

There are various ways of canvassing for members. An energetic campaign may be conducted by the ward teachers, or

the chorister with his choir officers may institute a personal canvass. In all cases the hearty cooperation of the bishop should

be secured. Few Church members have any real reason for

avoiding choir work, and those gifted with a natural love of music can be induced to participate if the work is made interesting. Do not ignore the very young men and women, even if

untrained. The injection of fresh young voices into a choir is

a good thing.

Frank Damrosch, the eminent American choral conductor, in his book, Folk Songs and Part Songs, says: "In organizing

a chorus it is necessary to observe the following points in adof voice; to read atmitting members: 2—ability 1—quality

ear;sight; balance of voice 3—correctness of musical 4—goodparts."For our purpose, the first three may be to some extent

disregarded, because of the limited selective possibilities of a

Ward. A balance of parts, however, is highly desirable. With a

well balanced choir, even through it be small, much can be accomplished. Eight singers are preferable to a larger organization, if the parts are very much onesided. Choral effectiveness is not limited necessarily to size. Balance simply

means that no one part perdominates, but that all parts are equal in volume. In a choir, say of thirty voices, the following proportions will usually be found satisfactory: nine sopranos, eight

altos, six tenors and seven basses.

Of the four parts, the tenor voice is the most penetrating,

HINTS TO WARD CHOIR CONDUCTORS 571

hence fewer tenors are needed. However, an accurate balance

can only be determined by taking into account the weight of voices in the several parts. A wideawake choir conductor will

make a determined effort to secure this balance.

To maintain a good choir after once assembled is a matter largely of the ability of the conductor to make the work attractive. An occasional evening social and sociability at choir rehearsals have their value, but, after all, the thing that holds a

choir is the pleasure that each member has in the work itself.

A choir is like a school. There must be constant growth, activity and advancement. Stagnation, repetitions, slipshod methods

and stale rehearsals daunt even the bravest and most dutiful.

A good conductor will have everything pertaining to his rehearsal in faultless order. He will come with his organist

and secretary at the place of rehearsal in plenty of time to see that the hall is cheerfully lighted, will lay out all music necessary for the evening, check up on attendance, and talk over any current problems that may arise.

When the choir is once assembled and roll called, nothing should interfere with the work in hand. Men and women like

to accomplish things, and a conductor who is able to go right after his work will always be respected, even though he may be limited in his musicianship. Interruptions of any kind at a

rehearsal are annoying to those who wish to study seriously.

Promiscuous talking should never be tolerated. Where an explanation or suggestion is necessary it should be to the point.

Often conductors weary their singers by long discussions of one sort or another. Singers primarily come to sing. All business

should be handled after the practice, never before nor during one.

For practical purposes the choir should be seated in a semicircle, where possible. The usual order is either:

Tenor, Soprano, Alto, Bass Soprano, Alto,

Conductor or Tenor, Bass Conductor Every member must occupy a position from which he can see the conductor at all times. If the seats are not raised in

tiers sufficiently, the conductor should have his platform raised high enough to insure being seen.

There is no truer saying than that music is its own reward.

One enjoys singing good music as keenly as one relishes a wellcooked dinner or seeing a good play. It is my opinion that the

problem of providing good music is the most vital one that our choir conductors have to confront. It is not possible to interest a

group of singers for long, even with the best of methods, with 572 IMPROVEMENT ERA

constant repetition of old music. One cannot live on a single

diet, either in music or food. There must be variety. There

is something stimulating to singers in mastering a new piece of music. A conductor's continued success with his choir will be

measured, to a large extent, by his ability to secure effective, new music. How to secure new music is a difficulty.

Where choirs are located in our large cities they have direct access to music stores. Music houses, as a rule, are very glad

to loan out on approval any sample copies of anthems and anthem books that they have on hand. In the outlying districts

where this is not possible, by writing to any music house stating your needs, copies on approval may be secured from which a selection can be made. Following is a list of such houses: G.

Shirmer, New York City; Oliver Ditson, Boston, Mass.; Witmark & Sons, New York City; John Church & Co., New York

City; and Theodore Prossor, Philadelphia, Pa. Local firms are:

Daynes Beebe Music Co., Consolidated Music Co., and the Beesley Music Co., Salt Lake City. Our local publishers are now putting out some very excellent upto-date anthems of their own,

which can be secured on approval on application. The Modern

Anthem Series, published by the Modern Music Publishing Co.,

Vermont Building, Salt Lake City, and The Temple Anthems, published by the Deseret News, Salt Lake City, are two late publications.

After securing music on approval, the choir leader and organist should try the selections over one by one. What constitutes

an effective number for chorus singing will be discussed later.

It is always attractive to a choir to present at least once a year a public appearance of some kind, either a cantata, opera or program. There are many easy and effective cantatas and

operas which may be had by applying to any one of the above publishing houses.

In case the ward cannot afford to pay the cost of buying the necessary copies for such, they may be hired very cheaply from some music library. The "Tarns Music Library, 1600 Broadway,

New York, has one of the largest collections of music in America, and it is their business to furnish music of all kinds, costumes, etc., to amateaur organizations at a reasonable rate. Also

there is Witmark Music Library, New York City; a catalogue of

music from these Libraries can be had for the asking.

Next to the personal qualifications of the conductor is the imperative need of a small but strongly welded choir organization.

It is effective to have a choir committee organized by the bishop, consisting of publicspirited and active business men in the ward. The choir organization itself should

consist of a conductor, an organist, a secretary and a librarian.

HINTS TO WARD CHOIR CONDUCTORS 573

The duties of these several officers are apparent; yet much good

labor is lost and results are vastly unsatisfactory because of the failure of one or more of these various officers.

If a conductor has accomplished all that is here set forth, he can justly expect from his members regular attendance at rehearsals. Regularity is paramount for success and should be

insisted upon. It is an injustice to an organization for a singer,

even though he be exceptional, to sing at a service without a proper rehearsal. It is always demoralizing to good work. A

choir cannot hope to master anything other than the simplest selection with irregular rehearsal attendance. This can largely

be remedied through the labors of a wideawake secretary who maintains an accurate checking up system. A roll should be

kept and called punctually. It is not a bad idea to send out

cards to members who are absent more than three times, reminding them of their duties.

There's a Crystaline Sea

There's a crystaline sea, whose enchanted depths

Lie deep and clear and blue, All richly paved with the rarest gems,

So alluring to mortal view.

Yet, alas those who delve in its depths serene,

Shall find all their hopes are in vain,

In its deadly brink are many who sink,

And nevermore to rise again.

Its gems are the hopes of this vain world,

With their glittering riches and dross,

For none who have sailed on that deadly sea,

Have ever sailed safely across

Without that glorious ship of faith

That is moved by God's power from above,

That is piloted by the Savior of men,

Born up by His strong arms of love.

Let my soul not enter this deadly sea,

Of worldly ambition and strife,

Let my feet be set firm in the narrow way life. That leads to life—eternal

Yet many there are who go into that sea faith Where—without the light of

They serve the devil eternally

In worse than death; in worsj than death.

Short Creek, Arizona Annie G. Lauritzen

p

Comrades in Song Duet, (Or Chorug in Two PartB.)

lo Professors Anthony C. Lund and David Reese

Words and Music by Evan Stephens.

teteggBfl—0—0—m -Gh=0-<&——1

March time, f T h—* n

3 * (8 va. lower always.)

hfc 5 FFff Comrades, Comrades, Comrades in soog are we.

U "tf ", - i j. "-R- * j—n j—i

1=1SSipjEg s 5S ISt A h—*- * Still sideNmfgmby side, Long to a - bide, Always in harmo-

tas

poco ri.

7*t =i f2 -, I 1 1- IS-"w COMRADES IN SONG 575 Kgk* &e6=5 t'-tf mm--trHny, Comrades, Comrades, Comrades in calm or teti = s -3r ff 1 s

toilpipliiiiEgT strife, Still with a song, Pass we along, Comrades

- w- ISi V—-:b=t: 0350

E pi

ad lib. a tern. 2nd time to Coda.

I-——Hasp-*-—in all thro'life. When dark:i=*zSthe tempest

HIIisfeStf a tern. 2nd time to Coda.

:b m Loco (as written)

576 IMPROVEMENT ERA

When dark the tempest,Then were you ev er near.

F r threatened a - round, Then were you ever near.

s-frt-J- jSJb | r -f—*—

Each in the other a comforter founi, ready to

>5EEfffSipptg =q=-p-

Slowly p

aid and cheer, Sorrows have come, making

-#- -- 3: S

Slowly p t-

z>

8 va lower.

COMRADES IN SONG 577

- i izizE fls3F d*iS 1 B "/ ff* tender the heart; Pate for a time has torn a-

kf?isipigiifii Hi

r J=J=J=q=dd=i 5SS::EB =50 iFP p T

part. Longing to meet a - gain, Learningng ourour

i-Hgft

; 1 liilli—p-f:F

JMX-J-J-i e=i=sw:

worth thro'pain. 0, how we longed to meet again!

-%]iiEt, mr=i Colla voce m.-I 1- 578 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to meet a - gain! D.S. CODA

A. id ggjjpjl& 0,howHwe longed to meet a - gain! Long,

s=-t 5* if Si4>fa-f 7=311 fel;F

Z).S. Loco

so d: S#A 53 =S= # S f

fc*

long, Yea, long as life shall last, Let us respp* 5Z* m i T* f t5 5

r SP main, sunshine or rain,Bound in true friendship fast, Yes,

EE

-I* SS=r=S: 5=—r—q

!li-- T

COMRADES IN SONG 579

-<sf- i- P+T-[ a-p2i

long, long, Still may we chant our song,

i r Ei=i ImNgtri. ilfegig4lii#i Faithful and true, Our journey thro', Comrades we march a-

n', a:4=?2 5fe

"i 1 is

S: JEg--z3=f3|jiiig apgJ2if. ad Zi&.

long; Comrades, comrades, comrades in song are we.

Colla voce Outlines for Scout Workers

By Delbert W. Parratt, B. S.

Bittern XXIX—The American

"Along its glades, a solitary guest,

The hollowsounding bittern guards its nest."

Goldsmith's "Deserted Village."

1. The bittern is closely related to what other bird we have studied?

Give at least four points in which they are alike.

2. Give at least five other names by which the bittern is known and

tell why each is applied to it.

3. Describe its call. At what season is it usually heard? Why then?

4. In what part of our valley does the bittern live? Name two things

about the bird that would indicate this?

5. Upon what and during what time of the day does he feed?

6. About how big is the bittern and what is the predominating color?

Of what use is this color to him?

7. He often throws his head back and holds his bill in a vertical position. Why? In what way does this aid him?

8. Contrast his flight with that of the great blue heron and tell whv

the difference.

9. Where is the nest built? Give number and color of eggs.

10. Should he be protected? Why? Do our state laws offer protection to him? If so, in what way?

Handy Material "I will also make it a possession for the bittern, and pools of water;

OUTLINES FOR SCOUT WORKERS 581

and I will sweep it with the besom of destruction, saith the Lord of hosts."

—Isaiah 14:23.

The bird mentioned by both Goldsmith and Isaiah is the

European bittern. It is somewhat larger than the bittern so

common throughout America, but in most other respects the two are much alike. Both the European and American varieties belong to the heron family and in consequence are closely

related to the great blue heron with which we are all so well acquainted.

To bird students the name bittern at once suggests a strong, windy, shuddergiving noise. Some, in describing the peculiar

call of the American bird, have compared it with the choked bellow of a bull, and since the bittern frequents boggy places, have named him Bog Bull. Others describe the call as sounding like the driving of stakes into mushy soil, and from this

have given him the suggestive name of Stake Driver. Still others compare his call to the noise produced by an oldtime suction pump, and therefore have called him Prairie Pump and

also Thunder Pumper.

Because his body is much the size of a common hen he is often called the Marsh Hen, and from a peculiar habit of holding his head in a vertical position, he is at times referred to as

LookUp. In our own locality his most common name, aside

from bittern, is that of Shitepoke.

"I'll tell yor. true my heart near broke

When someone called me just shitepoke,

So now with trousers 'bove my knees

I romp through marshes as I please."

His call, uttered during mating season, is one of his most striking characteristics. You see him standing perfectly motionless when all of a sudden he snaps, gulps, fills his lungs with

air, and then bellows forth the most unmusical sound ever heard from a bird. People in different localities describe it variously

as "pumper-bunk,""umpup-ump"and, perhaps better still, "puckla-grook."In literature the bittern's harsh, windy voice

is made to give the final touch to that which is dismal, desolate, and mournful. It is said to be ventriloquial, easilv confusing

one as to direction and distance, and thus affording a decided means of protection.

The American bittern is speckly brown and buff. Rather

stiff feathers cover his breast and back. His legs are long, but

somewhat heavier than those of most other wading birds, and his toes are unusually long and well adapted to keep from sinking into soft mud.

He is seminocturnal in habit, and obtains most of his food at twilight. His choicest morsels are frogs, lizards and field

mice, although he is very fond of large insects and small snakes.

582 IMPROVEMENT ERA

His wellbuilt neck and long, pointed, strong bill suggest ability to cope with struggling prey or defend against intruding enemies. Stories are told of the bittern standing off and even

overcoming small dogs with the skilful use of his daggerlike bill.

His wings are shorter than are those of the heron, and in consequence he is less graceful in flight. Ordinarily his journeys are of short duration from place to place among the

swamps.

He is a true hermit of the marshes, and lives alone except during mating season. Then he and his mate seem happy together "in the responsibilities of married life."Their homenest is rudely constructed of rushes, grass, weeds, and sticks upon

the ground in close proximity to water. The eggs, numbering

from three to six, are of a brownish drab color.

As a rule, his presence among the reeds is detected with considerable difficulty. His huffish brown plumage, almost the

color of the surrounding vegetation, is surely a decided protection to him. For hours at a time he stands motionless among

the shielding rushes and grasses in wait for unsuspecting prey or to enjoy the pleasures of midday slumbers. If disturbed through

cause of fear he thrusts his bill straight up and silently watches until the intruder has disappeared. It is said that his protective habits are so remarkable that if the reeds among which he

is standing are swaying the bird will swing back and forth in unison with their motion. This, of course, makes his body appear as rushes in the wind and the upturned bill as nothing more

than a stiff, pointed blade projecting above a common brown clump.

A few years ago bitterns were somewhat numerous among the swamps of our state, but through incessant activities of thoughtless gunners and inroads of noisy civilization, they are at present comparatively scarce. In consequence of this our

interestgiving marshes are sadly losing one of their distinctive charms for students of literature and lovers of nature. It is

difficult to imagine a complete picture of one of our summer sloughs without its lonely bittern. Green vegetation and rise

in temperature are not alone sufficient to convert a winter's swamp into one of summer. Rob the scene of its birds and you

scourge it with German "kultur."

"Where birdlife touches ours we feel an uplifting influence. We are

better fitted for the service which it is our privilge to render to the world.

Our horizon is broadened beyond the selfinterest, the egoistic, to the altruistic conception of life. We cannot live in the presence of these creatures

so full of life without being spurred to more earnest effort ourselves. When we

fail to see in the world of nature about us what it is our privilege to see, we are losing that much of life. Let us open our eyes to all the influences that

may shape our lives toward best living."

Copyright by Underwood & Underwood, N. Y.

SPARTACANS VS. GOVERNMENT TROOPS IN BERLIN

Revolutionary tendencies were at a high pitch throughout Germany in early March. In the above photo German soldiers and sailors of the

Government are being fed by German women. The soldier, it might be

remarked, carries a hand grenade in his belt, and the sailor is of the late lamented "Westfalen,"surrendered after the Armistice was signed. In the

lower photo Spartacan and Government troops are seen discussing the possibilities of a cessation of hostilities in the streets of Berlin. As a flag

of truce, the man at the left has utilized a white, lace curtain.

How Elsa Came From Germany

By Annie D. Palmer

This is not a war story, but the terrible suffering of the wartime has intensified by many degrees the appreciation and gratitude, for having been led to the Valleys of the Mountains, in. the days when peace was in the land. And as Elsa now

reads with teardimmed eyes the story of her warstricken country, she often wonders why the hand of God should so have guided her, while her friends are left to partake of the sins and sorrows of her native land. Let men say it was chance,

those wholet women declare her a daughter of fortune—to

know the gospel of Christ, she is literally one of God's chosen children.

We may not know what noble work was hers, what songs of praise she sang, what words of love she uttered; but this we

spirit lived before it came to earth; in the spiritknow—her

world it was in harmony with the will of God; and when it

left the heavenly courts to gain the experiences of earth life,

God gave his angels charge to keep close watch upon its wanderings.

Elsa's father died when she was very young, and her mother had gone into business in the big city of Dresden, the business of a flower vender. Elsa had lived with her grandparents in a

pretty little village among the hills. Here she had gone to

school and read the books that other German children read, and played the games that other German children played. And

the fresh air and sunshine had brought roses to her cheeks and sparkle to her eyes. And the loving care of the grandparents had kept her honest and truthful and innocent. So

when, at the age of fourteen, Elsa came to the city to live with her mother, and to arrange the vases and baskets and floral designs, there was not a blossom among them all that was more perfectly formed or more beautiful to look upon than was she, the flower of the Meisen valley.

Her mother was exceedingly proud of her, and took her to relic halls, to picture galleries, to grand operas, to every place where friends and acquaintances might see and admire. But

always, the mother guarded her child carefully, lest her youth and inexperience should lead her into evil ways. And the little

girl was taught to hate flattery and to be very distrustful of the

HOW ELSIE CAME FROM GERMANY 585

fine looking men who came to purchase nosegays and asked her to arrange their purchases properly in their buttonholes.

In those happy days there was between mother and daughter but one secret. The mother, unknown to Elsa, was investigating a strange creed. How little did she dream, as she

sat poring over the fascinating pages of the Book of Mormon, that that creed should become their strongest bond of union, as well as the cause that should separate them for life!

"What do you think, mother dear?"Elsa said excitedly,

as she ran in from school on a stormy afternoon, "what do you think? Edith Kjer's father and mother have joined the 'Mormons!'Oh, mother, I shall never like Edith any more, never!

How could they do it? They were such nice people, too!"

"What do you know about the 'Mormons,'Elsa?"asked

the mother, deeply hurt, yet wondering what her daughter really had heard.

all the girls in high "Well—not very much, mother; only

can't get a hallschool say they are low and wicked—and they

the magistrate has ordered every one of themto preach in—and

sent to jail."

"Does my daughter remember that when the Savior was on the earth the rulers of the land not only had him put in jail, but that they had him put to death as well?"

"But, mother, he was perfect and these 'Mormons'are wicked.""We do not know that they are wicked, and I do not believe they are.""Why, mother! Surely you have not joined them, too!"

"No, I have not. But I have read some of their books, and

I think I have never read anything better."

"But you will not join them, mother! You could not! Why,

all the girls and boys would hate me, and I could never go to high school any more, and nobody would come to buy flowers, and maybe the man who grows the roses would not even sell them to us any more."

"If what the 'Mormon'elders teach is true,"the mother answered, as she folded the trembling girl in her arms, "it is worth every sacrifice, even though it should be life itself. But

do not be alarmed. We shall pray about it, and we shall be led

aright."I pray that "I shall never pray about it, mother—unless

you will never be a 'Mormon.'Mother dear, I love you so!

I love you so!"

The girl burst into hysterical sobbing. It was the first

real sorrow of her life. And as yet she was only half aware

of the hatred and scorn that so surely followed the converts of the unpopular faith.

586 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Elsa was very quiet during the days that followed when her companions told in angry tones how the 'Mormons'had baptized five people in the last month and how they had heard that Edith as well as her parents was among the number. Of

course, Edith was no longer in school, and Elsa reflected that very soon her school days, too, would be over.

She said no more to her mother about it. In fact she said

much less to her about anything than formerly, but she watched with suspicious eye, ever dreading the time when her mother should unite herself with the despised new sect. Once the anxious mother tried to persuade her to read the Book of Mormon.

She listened patiently, but painfully, to the wonderful story as narrated by her mother, to the defense her mother made of the people so much despised, and to the earnest, soulful plea for a fair judgment. Then she arose, and in the most haughty manner

she had ever assumed, assured the earnest pleader, that never so long as she lived would she pollute herself by taking in her hands even a leaflet that the vile "Mormons"had carried. With

that she left the room, and the subject became to both of them forbidden ground.

A year went by. And still the mother prayed and hoped,

and still the maiden nursed her hatred for the creed she was too proud to try to understand.

One day, led by the same good angel that had been charged with Elsa's keeping, there came into the store a stalwart stranger in the uniform of the German soldier. He purchased at the

stand a tiny spray of forgetme-nots, and while Mrs. Miller was

getting the change, remarked:

"I have been told, madam, that your name is Miller. Am

I right?""Quite right,"the woman answered, returning the change.

"Of what interest can my name be to you?"

"Of very great interest, my good woman,"he replied. "My

name is also Miller. I am trying to collect the names of all

the Millers, in the hope that we may trace relationships, and in the end establish one great family tree. Pardon me, Mrs.

Miller, but I have also been told that you are interested in 'Mormonism.'Am I right again?"

For a moment the woman hesitated, overcome with fear.

Then she reasoned that only the 'Mormons'themselves know who are their investigators, and she answered frankly:

"Yes, you are right again. I have been reading carefully

"for many months. What do you think about the 'Mormons?'

"So much that I am one of them,"he answered, extending his hand.

She grasped it warmly and invited him to come inside and talk over some points of doctrine with her.

HOW ELSIE CAME FROM GERMANY 587

Elsa had come to the door that divided the living room from the store, at the sound of the stranger's voice. Now she sat with

her book on a low stool behind a huge basket of longstemmed, scarlet roses.

"It is this tract,"began Mrs. Miller, as she took from a high

shelf an inoffensive looking little pamphlet and handed it to the stranger. "This is the one that is hardest to understand."

"And most comforting when once we begin to understand it,"he added. "Let me tell you a little of my experience. Three

years ago my mother died. She had been a good woman, always seeking for light, but never quite satisfied with her religion. When she had been dead for about a year, she came

to me one night in a dream. Her long, thick hair hung down

her back unkempt; her face was drawn as with sorrow; her

eyes were red with much weeping; and still she wrung her hands

and wept. When I awoke in the morning the dream was fixed

in my mind. When I went to sleep again at night it was repeated. And night after night, night after night, my mother

came to me, always as at first, unkempt, sorrowing, weeping.

"The dream worried me at first; and when it was so oft

repeated, I grew distracted. 'What does my poor mother want

me to do?'I asked myself, 'why is she so distressed?'

"Mother had taught me prayer when I was a little child.

So now I prayed earnestly to God to let me understand what

I was to do for my sainted mother. A few days later, when I

came to my boarding house, the landlady said; 'Those men

have left some more of their vile tracts, today. They are in your

room.'"On reaching my room I found them: 'Faith, Repentance,

and Baptism? and this one, 'Salvation for the Dead.'

"I sat down at once and began to read. Believe me, Mrs.

Miller, I almost devoured this tract, 'Salvation for the Dead.'

It was the thing I wanted. It was what my mother wanted. 'I'm

going to Utah to save my parents,'I said to myself that night.

'I have no money, but if I have to walk half the way, I shall go there where the holy temples are built!'

"That night my mother did not come.

"I began to hunt up our genealogy; and by spending much

time and all my earnings, I have traced our family line back to the year, 1700. When I had finished this work, my mother

visited me once again. This time she was dressed in white. Her

hair was in smooth braids above her brow. A smile of peace

was on her face. And when I cried out, 'Oh, mother, am I

doing right?'she clasped her hands joyfully and vanished. I

know that what I am doing pleases her, and I shall go on to a finish. Mrs. Miller, there is no guess work about it. 'Mor-

588 IMPROVEMENT ERA

monism'is true! / know it is true! And I would die rather than

give it up!"

He turned his head and caught the solemn, upturned eyes of Elsa as she was watching him from behind the roses.

From the moment she heard his testimony and looked into hie honest eyes, the girl knew that she would be a "Mormon."

But the struggle was not over. Satan also knew, and it was

his part to put up as hard a fight as possible. When Mr. Miller

was gone, Elsa began to argue with herself:

"Oh, he thinks he is so smart! I know as much as he does.

He knew I was behind the roses, and was talking for my benefit.

Look at the beautiful church where I worship, and then at the poor little shabby hall where the 'Mormons'gather!"

She could not quite argue herself out of it, though her pride certainly made a bold stand.

Once when she felt sure that neither her mother nor her friends would know, she attended a "Mormon"meeting, in order find something to ridicule. Of course, into have some fun—to

that frame of mind no real good could come of her going; but

she could not help seeing the earnestness of the worshipers, nor feeling that, at least it was no laughing matter.

From that time she lost her bouyancy of spirit; there was

a constant struggle going on in her mind. It affected her physically, so that her appetite failed, and sleep forsook her. The

family physician was consulted, but failed to diagnose satisfactorily. Her mother became anxious, but found no solution

to the trouble.

With herself, the girl argued constantly "You know it is true, you are too proud to own it, what if you should die? You would not be saved, you must—but your

friends will all desert will lose your good you—you name—vou

will lose all, ail!"

One by one she read the tracts she found on the high shelf where her mother kept them. How hungrily she read them!

What solace and comfort they brought! Then she decided to

go again to hear the "Mormons"preach. She could hardly wait

for Sunday. As she sat and listened, prayerfully this time, to

the explanations of the gospel, such a flood of joy and gladness swept into her soul, that she felt herself ready for baptism at once; she told her mother that night when they were going to

bed; and the two whiterobed figures sat long in the dying fire

light clasped in each others arms, one in faith, one in hope, one in desire.

It was a dark, dismal, rainy night in early September.

Very few pedestrians were abroad, and these carried their umbrellas low, or wore caps close over their faces to protect them

HOW ELSA CAME FROM GERMANY 589

from the driving rain. No pretty face could attract notice on

a night like this, no figure however grotesque, receive attention.

Slowly and carefully the two elders led the way through the less frequented streets of the city, over the smoothest walks of its suburbs, along the narrow footpath on the river's bank.

Elsa and her mother followed, each enveloped in a long, gray cloak and carrying a small bundle under her arm. The young

soldier musician came last with the measured step and lofty bearing that his army life had taught him. They spoke seldom,

and when they did it was low and subdued.

"Mother, dear,"said Elsa, drawing close to her side, "surely it is right! But the night is so dark! It is as if heaven

frowned.""The darkness is our protection, my Elsa,"replied the mother. "Do you not remember how the crowds followed and

hissed and threw stones when Brother and Sister Hafen were baptized? With us it will all be peace because of the rain that

is sent of heaven."

Elsa was silent again, but the awful struggle with doubt and fear and dread went on. Satan was putting forth a last

mighty effort to keep her from joining God's people. She

feared the persecution that she knew would come. She dreaded

the loneliness and shame when all her friends should turn away in derision and scorn, when they would point her out in the streets, when they would turn from meeting her as they had turned from Edith Kjer. She doubted, not that the gospel was

true, but that she should be strong enough to hold out, that it was even wise to embrace it just now. Elsa was a child of light,

and the darkness was so terrible.

"We must be very near the place,"remarked Elder Johnson, who was leading the way.

"I think it is a quarter of a mile farther,"answered Elder

->Christensen. "I remember this clump of willows."r

Elsa raised her eyes and noticed a very unusual commotion in the sky. Great clouds were hurrying across the face of the

heavens at a speed she had never seen before. The rain had

ceased. Gradually the path began to grow distinct, and objects

a short distance away took form. In a few minutes more they

reached the place, a secluded cove in the river Elbe, where several times before the elders had performed the ordinance $f baptism.

A few solemn moments were given to prayer and instrution, and then Elder Johnson went down into the water, eve* as John went when the Blessed Lamb of God came to him for baptism. Elsa was to be first. As she threw aside her cloak

and took the outstretched hand of Elder Johnson, a glorious 590 IMPROVEMENT ERA

flood of light streamed out from amid the scudding clouds, and the great full face of the moon looked down, smiling and approving.

Elsa's mother had made for her a looie, white robe, for her baptism, and on it had embroidered her name and the date of the ordinance. As the whiterobed figure paused a moment to

carefully feel the way, Henry Miller beheld in her a picture of loveliness that might never be erased from his memory. What

Elsa saw was the light. Never in art gallery, or grand opera,

or spectacular stage effect in the great theaters, had she seen anything so wondrously beautiful, so sublimely grand.

There was the calm face of the water with the flood of moonlight upon it. On the far side the trees and bright colored

shrubbery were mirrored in never ending depths of peace and stillness. Near at hand the handsome soldier stood with folded

arms, the humble Elder Christencen sat upon a huge stone, and

Elsa's mother, also robed in white, stood waiting with a look so pure and serene she might have been the guardian angel whom

God had sent to give comfort to the young girl. In the distance,

through the vista of trees twinkled the lights of the city, and across the sky dark clouds were still scudding away. A moment

the big dark hulk of a river steamer obtruded itself into the perfect loveliness; but it was transient, as are many of the sorrows, as well as many of the joys of life.

Elder Johnson gently drew the young woman into the water, and according to the pattern set by Christ himself, she came into the fold at the strait gate.

The loss of friends and society was all Elsa feared it would be. But she had her mother, and the two found such infinite

joy in the gospel, that they were fully compensated. And now

the handsome soldier began to visit frequently. He, too, was

enjoying the spirit of his conversion, and many a glad hour was spent by the three in discussing the subjects of their faith.

Sometimes the mother occupied her time with other things, and then the young people talked of other themes. When Henry

felt himself unable to express himself in words, he spoke to

Elsa in the sweet tones of his violin.

But Henry must go to Utah. His mother's happiness depended upon the temple work he was preparing to do. He

could not ask Elsa to marry him, for he was only a common soldier, and her mother would never consent. But he used to say,

"why can't we go to Utah together?"And Elsa understood.

In his constant study of the gospel the young man was building up a great faith; and now in the thought of going so

far from the girl he loved without even the promise that she

HOW ELSA CAME FROM GERMANY 591

would sometime follow, he prayed to God for guidance. His

prayer was answered by a dream. In this dream he crossed the

ocean and in a strange land came into a magnificent building, where, in the presence of a throng of men and women all dressed in white, he was married to Elsa.

So Henry was satisfied, and hurried his preparations for departure. There was no proposal, and no acceptance. He

pressed the hand of her at parting and whispered: "We will

leave it with God. He will open up the way for you to come

how I do not know, but trust him. You will come."

Two months later Elsa was very sick with inflammatory rheumatism. When she was moved she was lifted on a sheet.

She writhed and moaned and screamed with pain. The roses

faded from her cheeks and the sparkle from her eye. It seemed

to every one who saw her that surely she must die. Repeatedly

the elders administered without seeing any change. Then they

called a fast. All the missionaries in Germany and as many of

the Saints as would join them were to fast on the last day of the year and offer prayer for the recovery of the lovely girl who had been the "Flower of Meisen Valley."

Very few, indeed, were the Saints who did not join. One

crippled old woman who made boxes for a living, brought to the elders an offering of money the next Sunday, because she had fasted for Elsa.

The dawn of the New Year was ushered in with great noise of whistles and bells and cannons and shouting, according to the custom in Germany. And Elsa lay with swollen feet and

legs, screaming with pain, and sick unto death. When she knew

she was alone she folded her hands and prayed: "Oh, Father,

I can stand it no longer! Please to take me home!"

There was a knock at the door.

"Come in,"called Elsa.

No one came; but a shock as of an electric current went

through her frame. The pain was gone. The suffering ceased.

The sickness was healed. The girl knew that only the weakness

remained as a witness of her affliction.

She looked at the clock. It was ten.

In fifteen minutes, Elder Johnson came in and told her how they had met together in fasting and prayer, and how at ten o'clock they had received the unmistakable assurance that all was well.

Through that glad New Year's day and the following night it seemed to the girl that her room was filled with unseen personages, and that they were there for her protection.

"It is surprising how she has recovered,"said one of Dresden's greatest physicians to Elsa's mother a few weeks later.

592 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"It is strange and wonderful, but she can never stand another attack. If the disease returns she will die."

"What must I do to prevent another attack?"asked the

anxious mother.

"She must go away. She must have other air and altitude.

On the coast of the North Sea she will be well."

"No not on the coast of the North Sea, Sister Miller,"said

Elder Johnson in calm deliberation, as they discussed the situation by the fireside that evening, "but in Utah. In all the world

there is no better place for Elsa. She will grow well and strong

in our pure, dry, mountain air; and she will be at home with

the people of God."

Elder Johnson wondered afterward at his boldness in thus declaring the air of Utah to be good for rheumatism; but he had

spoken as he was directed, and in this case he was not mistaken.

"I cannot let her go! What do I know about Utah? The ways

of the people, their homes, their food, even their language—all

are strange! And she is so tender, my darling Elsa! Who will

take care of her, if she gets sick again?"

"She will be in Zion, and she will be well,"urged the elder.

"Oh, mother, it will be best for me. Do let me go!"pleaded

Elsa.

It took a great deal of argument, but at last when one of the missionaries assured them that she could find a home in

Utah with his mother; and when the dreamangel had soothed

the mother heart to rest, it was settled.

"Elsa, darling,"the mother said firmly, "you may go to

Utah.""Mother, dear—

"I dreamed, my daughter, in my dream I saw a neat little cottage. Within on a bed of snowy whiteness, lay my Elsa with

beautiful baby girl with blue eyes andan infant in her arms—a

golden hair. In the background I saw a man of noble bearing,

his features indistinct in the semidarkness. I knew he was her

husband."From that time until the day of departure there were no more tears.

In the weeks that followed, the woman planned and worked in preparation for the departure. The fond grandparents wrote

of hearts that were breaking with sorrow. But the mother spoke

not of her pain, though neighbors noticed that the few weeks had streaked her glossy brown hair with silver.

When they were packing the trunk Elsa saw many a piece of dainty underwear and serviceable linen to go into it that she had never seen before, and she knew in a vague way, that the great mother sorrow was being lessened by the sacrifice of love.

HOW ELSA CAME FROM GERMANY 593

"Are those the table linens you bought last Christmas, mother?"Elsa asked, bending over the trunk.

"Yes, dear."

"I will not have them, mother. You are giving me everything."

"I want you to have them for your home in Utah."

Elsa wondered if her mother were thinking of the soldier, but she dared not ask.

The last hours before the departure were spent by mother and daughter alone in a little cabin of the great steamer. There

was little to be said, for these two women had been saying to each other for weeks the love and fear and hope that was in their hearts. They sat closely enfolded in each other's arms, the

mothers frame shaking with sobs, the daughter tenderly caressing, as tears rolled down her cheeks;

"Mother, dear,"whispered Elsa, "what if I had died?"I

came so near to death when I was sick!"

"Yes,"sobbed the mother, "Yes, and now you are going life."She addedaway. And I shall never see you again—in

the last two words after a pause in which the thought of the glorious resurrection came to her.

"Do not say that, mother. I shall surely come back to visit

you. I could not go if I did not think that. Five years will soon

go, and by that time I can come."

With such bright dreams does hope ever dispel the grief of youth. The older woman's experience had taught her the uncertainty of hope.

"I have asked Elder Peterson to look after you on the voyage and until you reach Salt Lake City,"she answered. "He is so full

of spiritual strength, so kind, he has promised to be like abrother to you—"I shall be safe, mother. The kind heavenly Father—

"Yes, yes, dear. The heavenly Father will care for you, and

in the end all will be well. We must remember, though, that

sometimes the heavenly Father allows us to suffer bitter trials, even as his Only Begotten Son was brought down to Gethsemane, in order to bring about his will. We must strengthen our faith

for these times of trial. Let us kneel, Elsa, and pray together

once more before I must leave the ship."

And the women prayed. First Elsa offered her simple petition for safety, and for heaven's care and comfort for her mother.

Then the mother in fervent, piteous appeal invoked the favor of

God in behalf of her only child, her hope, her comfort, her light.

The great gong was sounding before they left their knees.

594 IMPROVEMENT ERA

With one long, clinging embrace the mother tore herself away and sent Elder Peterson to speak comfort to his charge.

Elsa's spirits soon revived. Youth and hope and the new outlook on life were in her favor. And she was going to /ion, to

the place where right was law, where people knew the Lord and served him, where there would be many friends, where she would not be sick, and where she felt sure the soldier musician waited.

There were hours of homesickness on the way, and after the arrival, too. It took go long to get over the feeling of wanting to

turn to mother as in the days of old. And there was so much

responsibility in being all alone. But when Elsa could turn her

eyes toward the beautiful temple, new courage came to her and despondency fled.

She had been in Salt Lake City for two weeks and had not seen or heard of Henry Miller. Why did he not seek her? Had

he forgotten? How could she find him? In her innocence and

simplicity she went to the Lord and asked him to direct her, if it was his will, that they should be united, to send her lover to her.

With all the sincerity of her soul she prayed, and then went cheerfully about her tasks, confident that her prayer was heard.

The next afteroon, as she sat busy with some mending, she heard voices and, looking from the window, saw Henry Miller and several others entering the house.

"We have come to take you to Lehi,"Henry said, when first greetings were over; and there was no question in the girl's mind

as to whether or not she would go.

How speedily now, and how naturally there came about the fulfilment of events! First, it was the wedding in the holy

temple, amid the white robed throng; then it was the vicarious

work for the salvation of Henry's mother, and hosts of other ancestors; then it was the cosy little home where love and happiness were warbled forth in song by Elsa, and poured out in the

melting tones of the violin by her husband; and then, after a

while, there came a day when Henry wrote to the mother over sea: "There came to us this morning a beautiful baby girl, with blue eyes and golden hair. All well."

Thus by significant dreams and inspired thoughts did her guardian angel shape the course of this humble daughter of a distant land, and to bring her to our peaceful vales in the tops of the mountains, to be one with God's chosen people.

Underwood & Underwood, N. Y.

TRANSATLANTIC FLIGHT

The upper picture represents the No. 1—one of the giant seaplanes1

which are being prepared for transAtlantic flig'it, at the United States Naval

Air Station, Rockaway Point, N. Y. It is built to rise from and land on

water. The machine is a biplane, and the top wing has a spread of 126

feet 6 inches. There is a 12 foot gap between the upper and lower wings,

at the engine section; while the width of the wings is 12 feet. Three twin

propellers, each with two blades, are turned by three Liberty motors of 400 horsepower each. Probably before the No. 1 is completed another motor

may be added, making a total of 1600 horsepower. It is expected that the

ship will have a crew of five men, each a skilled pilot, and will take turns at flying it.

The lower picture, representing the British transAtlantic airship, R. 33,

is the largest of its kind in the world. It made its debut recently at Shelby,

Yorkshire, England, and on its maiden flight remained three hours in the air, and reached an altitude of 2,000 feet. The photo shows the R 33

rising gracefully from the ground while the joyous workers and spectators let forth a volley of cheers.

Home Poems

[Mr. J. Y. Card, of Cardston, Alberta, Canada, sends the Era the following poem by Mr. William Laurie, a barrister, of Cardston. He adds: "His

two sons, Douglas and Telford, have been through the thick of the fight in Europe. Douglas left when he was nineteen and Telford when he was

22 years of age, in 1915 and 1916 respectively. They have both seen active

service and both been wounded. These boys are the only children of Mr.

Liurie and his wife, having come here from Battleford, Saskatchewan, to make their final home among the people of Cardston. Mr. Laurie is a

highly respected citizen and a very capable lawyer. The poem was written

when the news reached him of the homecoming of his younger son. He

expects that the other son will follow shortly."Editors.]

The Lad is Coming Home

Say, folks, great news! the lad is coming hornet

His ship has sailed; our boy is on the foam.

His Dad can talk of nothing else but his returning boy;

While Mumsie weeps and smiles, and weeps again for joy,

To think that soon she'll fold him to her breast, rest. Who left a kid, and now—grown man—seeks

For four long years she's fretted day by day,

Dreading to hear that on the battlefield he lay;

And now, for truth, this news too good would seem,

And worries of past days are but a frenzied dream.

Each night beside her bed the mother bends the knee

And sends a prayer to God above for him at sea;

While Dad—that's me—is walking as on air,

To think that soon there'll be no vacant chair.

We're proud, you say? Well, I'd tell a man we were,

To know our lad has done his bit "out there;"

And prouder still to know he did not stay

Till forced to go; he hied himself away

Across the sea to share the Empire's fight

For truth and justice and for God and right.

He's coming home to us alive and well

From Flanders'fields, back from the jaws of hell!

But on his sleeve he wears the little golden bar

Which tells that he has spilled his blood in war.

"Twas German shrapnel on the bloody field of Somme

That made old Blighty for many months his home.

"I've not yet done my bit,"he wrote his Dad;

"But I've done some."So wrote the brave young lad,

As back to France he went, yet once again,

To face the cooties, gas, and mud, and rain.

HOME POEMS 597

No "cushie"job for him, nor "safety first,"

But where old Fritzie tried to do his worst,

At Paschendael and Lens and Vimy Ridge,

Cambrai and Amiens, and that little bridge

Where many sons of Canada lay down

Their dear young lives to save the Empire's crown;

Finishing at Mons, on that November day

Where German hordes, at last being brought to bay,

Cried "Kamerad,"and, throwing down their arms,

Gave rest at last from war and war's alarms.

Small wonder, then, his Dad with joy is wild,

And Mumsie yearns once more t'embrace her child.

Small wonder that his mother toils till late

To make good things for darling boy to "ate,"

While Dad, each day, is searching everywhere

To find the biggest, fattest goose that e'er

Drew breath. No fatted calf for us: our boy

Has never cost a pang except of joy.

And while we jubilate o'er son's return,

We strive to think of those who mourn

For those dear ones who died that we might still

Live on in peace and plenty and good will.

The days were long while he was overseas,

But none seemed half so long as these

While waiting for the word, his ship is here,

That soon his face his parents'hearts will cheer.

Cardston, Alberta, Canada Win. Laurie

The American Ace

The dull, gray dawn was hanging low,

The air was naught but mist, When from a tent an "ace"appeared

And shook his heavy fist.

His face was turned toward Germany,

His eys were steely gray, He set his lips and grit his teeth,

And turned the other way.

He gave a signal with one word,

A man was at his side, A whispered word, and all was still,

A flap was drawn aside.

He donned his cap and mackinaw,

And strode inside the tent;

He tested planes and tightened wires,

Then to the clouds he went.

Straight on he went towards Germany,

His plane was working fine, When all at once he spied a town,

The one he wished to find.

598 IMPROVEMENT ERA

A minute more and down it sped,

The bomb was on its way.

A muffled roar came to his ears

It was the "ace's"pay.

He turned around to circle back,

When all at once, he heard A shell whiz by his little craft

And whistling like a bird.

The next one tore a piece of cloth

From off his right hand plane;

He dropped another bomb on them,

And circled back again.

Upon his face he wore a sneer And hatred written there.

Another bullet passed him went

Whizzing through the air.

Another came, and still some more,

Until one grazed his head;

He lost control of everything,

And down to earth he sped.

But now we leave him on his way,

While he flies on through space,

And mourn his death, poor willing soul,

That brave "American Ace!"

Denver, Colorado Lester James Herrick

The Gifts You Hold

Why cling to earthly baubles, For false as fair are they;

When all you can hold, in your cold, dead hands,

Is that you've given away?

Why build grand tow'ring castles,

When they are made of clay, And all you can hold, in your cold, dead hands,

Is that you've given away?

Why choose the crown most costly,

Or wear the raiment gay, When all you can hold, in your cold, dead hands,

Is that you've given away?

Some burdened heart make lighter,

As on you go each day, Then closely pressed within your cold, dead hands

The love you've given away.

Then, O give love forever, Your actions let it sway:

Full to o'erflowing then, your spirit hands,

With flowers that bloom alway.

Salt Lake City Lydia D. Alder

HOME POEMS 599

Life's Code

It mattereth little, the trial that smote thee, the sorrow that took up its abode with thee, the cruel thorn that pierced thee; but what thou

learnest of these, mattereth much.

It mattereth little, the treasure thou possesseth, the domicile that shelters thee, thy board as also thy habit; but the service thou renderest a

needing world, mattereth much.

It mattereth little, the temptation that secretly beset thee; but the dispatch

with which it was put behind thee mattereth much.

Thine enemy's hatred mattereth little; but the way thou chooseth to bless

him mattereth much.

It mattereth little, the honors bestowed upon thee, by an appreciative world but how thou honorest thine own soul, mattereth much.

Whether skies be gray or blue, whether sings the lark or sighs the linnet, mattereth little; but the degree of divine harmony maintained in thine

own heart, mattereth much.

Holbrook, Arizona Addie Savage Pace

Life's Eventide

How I love the soft, gray shadows in the sky at eventide!

That pearly grayness tinged with pink and rose!

For it sets my heart reflecting on a home and fireside

Where old folk sit when life draws to a close.

When the western sun is sinking in a glory bathed in gold,

How beautiful the ending of the day!

'Tis the promise of the better life in clarion accents told

To those who pass before us on their way.

As I sit and watch the splendor of the setting of the sun,

A blaze of redgold beauty in the west, 'Tis a glimpse of coming glory for their triumphs nobly won,

When shadows call the old folk home to rest.

For the spirits of our aged folk are always young and strong,

And could you follow them across the stream,

You would see them find the haven where the summertime is long,

And life is good beyond their fondest dream.

Sydney, Australia Henry C. de Witt

Nearer to Thee

Nearer to Thee, on the mountain side;

Nearer to Thee, neath the pines;

Nearer to Thee, in the aspen grove,

Hearing Thy voice in the winds.

Nearer to Thee, in the canyon glen;

Nearer to Thee, by the stream;

Nearer to Thee, in the woodland shade,

Nearer, yes nearer I seem.

Nearer to Thee, 'neath the bright blue sky

Nearer to Thee, on the hill;

Eager, more eager to answer Thy call;

Quicker to serve at Thv will.

Provo, Utah Samuel Biddulph The Superior Man

By Lloyd 0. Ivie

Here and there throughout the world can be found, towering in purity and nobility above his fellows, a morally clean man. He is a man who is superior to the little innocent child

is knowingly pureif such a thing were possible,—because he

minded. He thinks no evil, not because he has not yet come in

contact with it, but because he has developed the manhood to overcome it. He has ascended from the innocence of childhood,

not descended.

He is not always popular. On the other hand, he is shunned

and derided by a certain class of people. Of course, in their

hearts they respect him, and look up to him. But it is from

afar, as if they were gazing upon the grandeur of a lofty mountain from the valley below. They behold the splendor, but

partake not of the joy, nor the music, nor the sacredness of ascending and breathing its atmosphere.

He is often grossly misunderstood. His actions are misinterpreted and misconstrued. Sometimes he is even martyred

by those who afterwards build monuments to his memoiy. He

is often crucified. And seldom does he escape the abuse and

slander of petty, jealous minds. They pin indecent signs upon his back, but they cannot touch his heart. Those who laugh

at the imaginary discomfiture are not those who walk abreast with him. He leaves a path of flowers along his course, which

they gather many years after to decorate his grave.

He is not afraid to do right. Where help is needed, he

helps. Where solace and comfort are required, he is found

with a heart full of cheer and charity. When others are ungrateful and thoughtless, he is helpful and forbearing. Not even

a sparrow can evade his watchful kindness. He does not waste

time in attempting to point out your wrong to you, but he spares no pains in showing and leading you aright in all love and tenderness. Then he forgets what he has done and looks toward the next act of goodness. He is not even disturbed if you

fail to thank him for his blessing. He would help you again

if you needed it.

He is not rash. Everything he does is carefully deliberated.

Sometimes, in his sincere politeness, he will beg your pardon;

when it is you who ought to have sought forgiveness of him. In

his heart you are forgiven even before you ask it.

THE SUPERIOR MAN 601

He is not always dressed in spotless clothing. Rather, he is

soiled with the dust and dirt of toil. His hands are calloused,

and his face is burned and tanned. Still he is clean—perfectlyimmaculate within. No weed has ever touched his lips, and

he legislated against liquor even before he saw the sparkling cup. His angel mother is a rejoicing witness; his pledge is

sealed with her kiss. He thinks no evil; hence, does none.

All women are safe in his company. Were all men like him,

an underworld would be impossible. Woman could not then

lose that which is more precious to her than life itself. If he

happened to be thrown unknowingly into that company which is not pure, the vile would remain untouched, for the sake of his own chastity. And he would not remain there for the space

of a single moment. He knows no double standard. Yet he is

not prudish and hiddenminded. He is never known to utter

even an allusion to obscenity, whether among men or among women. Every word he utters is fit to be spoken in the presence

of the noblest of ladies. Even in marriage, which he holds

sacred and divine, he knows perfect control. He does not seek

a license; he makes a covenant. It is not a release to him; it is

a resolve. Love is not a smouldering flame of passion within him;

it is a heavensought and heavengiven seedling which he knows he mu?t culture and care for eternally. Any mother can rest easy

if she knows her daughter is in his company. She knows her

child is as safe with him as she could be at home. In his mind

true it is a short one,—between there is only one step,—and

motherhood and the celestial kingdom of God.

He is found in church when church time comes. He is

religious, but not a fanatic. The church building is not a divine

storehouse to him; it is his Sabbath home. He prays as regularly and earnestly in secret as he does in the presence of others.

He is just as honest in dealing with himself as he is in dealing.with others. Business men tie him up with notes and contracts

merelv as a matter of form: for his word is sufficient.

He is dignified, but not funereal. He can play bucking horse

on the parlor carpet, or dancing bear in the nursery, or he can stand calmly and selfcollectedly in the presence of nobles and kings. He can walk with ease and grace upon showy and magnificent carpets, and rugs of silk and camel's hair; but he

prefers to wear overalls, hoe potatoes, and plant corn.

He is not always silent in public affairs. When he has

something to say, he says it. To him silence does not always

denote wisdom. He remembers his school days when certain

classmates held their tongues because they were ignorant of what their teacher was talking about, rather than because they were wiser.

talk, but is He can laugh, but is not boisterous. He can

602 IMPROVEMENT ERA

r loquacious. Sometimes he mourns, but he does not maim-

! i in'o his sorrows into advertising posters to be placed on

every signboard along the public highway.

He holds nothing against his neighbor. The world is not

in debt to him; he is a debtor to the world. What he gets he

is thankful for. What he fails to get he cannot count as his

loss.

He is never known to speak ill of another. He does not

love himself as his neighbor; he "loves his neighbor as himself."

His whole life is a universal blessing, and his remembrance a thing of joy forever.

He is indeed an ideal man, A Superior Man.

Raymond Alta, Canada

Memorial Day

Our loved ones there in heaven,

However safe and happy, Are yet forever longing For us they knew on earth.

Though theirs is bliss eternal,

Their hearts still hold affections,

Their eyes still seek the lovelight

That lit their mortal days.

Our faces, unforgotten, Still haunt their wistful dreaming,

As their longcheriahed features

Shall e'er illumine ours.

So now, with wreaths and garlands,

We waft across the silence The words of love unchanging They fain would hear us speak.

In every perfect blossom Is a message of remembrance To loved ones gone before us To another, better world!

Kanab, Utah Will Dobson Copyright by Underwood & Underwood, N. Y.

PRESIDENT WILSON IS GREETED IN BOSTON

From left to right: Governor Collidge of Mass., President Wilson and

Mayor Peters of Boston, in front of the Mechanics Hall Building in Boston, where the President addressed a huge throng upon his return to this country, after his first) great European trip. Eight thousand Americans received full details from him of the League of Nations.

Continuation School Law of Utah

By I. B. Ball, of the Stale Division of Vocational Education

The Utah State Legislature, of 1919, enacted the most adduced program for extending public school education that is to be found in any state of the Union. One of these forward

l< tking laws provides for a state supervisor of health education to assist cities and districts to set up and to successfully execute modern systems for correcting physical defects among children, for preventing contagion, and for establishing normal health habits in youth; another law empowers boards of education to extend supervision over the summer months as well

;i> over the school season, thereby reinforcing the efforts of

parents to guard their children against smoking, late hour carousals, unchaperoned excursions, and other evil habits, during the vacation days which are so full of delight but, alas, of subtle dangers; and finally, a third law requires that all children

up to age 18 shall either be at work or at school, and, if at work, shall attend a parttime class, at least 144 hours annually.

1 This program of public school education has received high praise throughout the nation. Dr. James P. Monroe,

vicepresident of the Federal Board of Vocational Education, visited Utah in November, 1918, when the educational law was being formulated. At a meeting of representative business

men and educators he said, "The avocation of being healthy and the vocation of being able to earn the best according to our gifts, is the great education that the nation must have for civic and industrial salvation. The Utah program is wonderful. It is a program which the Federal Board look forward

to for the nation, and almost it is the same plan about to be announced by President Wilson. Utah has a better start than

most of the states."

Prof. J. D. Elliff, Director of Vocational Education in

Missouri, wrote to Dr. Gowans enthusiastically, saying, "Your

program is the very best thing of the kind that I have seen."

The plan for extending public school education in Utah is noteworthy also because it fulfils in almost all details the proposals of a report just issued by the Commission on the Reorganization of Secondary Education, published by the U. S.

Bureau of Education. The Commission "would focus secondary education upon what may be called the social objectives,

CONTINUATION SCHOOL LAW OF UTAH 605

such as health, citizenship, vocation, worthy uee of leisure, and ethical character."The report of this commission was not

known here when Utah educators drew up their proposals which have now been placed upon the statute books. And

still in a circular letter mailed broadcast from the office of the

Utah State Superintendent of Public Instruction, in December, 1918, this statement is made: "In addition to the present requirements for graduation, a high school student should furnish a statement to the principal indicating normal health habits (considering physical facts), average ability in vocational

activities, and substantial moral and civic activities."

Legislation for vocational education in the public schools of Utah had its beginning, in 1917, when the state accepted the provisions of the federal law for vocational education, namely, the SmithHughes act. But the state at that time did not appropriate funds to match the federal funds, except for the

purpose of training teachers for the work. The 1919 laws provide $50,000 annually to distribute to cities and districts which

meet the state and federal requirements, and it also makes it mandatory that parttime classes shall be established by boards of education unless the local boards are excused by the state board for reasons it deems valid.

Utah's compulsory laws have heretofore required school attendance until age 16, unless the child earlier completed the eighth grade. The new enactment leaves this regulation

intact, but goes further, and sets, as a minimum, attendance at a continuation parttime class 144 hours a year up to age 18.

The exemptions allowed are for graduates of high schools, for those taught at home, for those mentally or physically handicapped, and for children living over 2y2 miles from a parttime school and where transportation is not provided. It is made a

misdemeanor for any parent to fail to comply with the act and for employers to refuse to permit any child they employ to attend a parttime school or class 144 hours a year whenever such classes are organized in the district where the child resides or works. Moroever, the employer of any minor under

eighteen years of age is required to keep on file the age and schooling certificates issued by the superintendent of schools and to notify the board of education of the district within five days after the beginning of employment and to return the certificate to the superintendent of schools within five days of the termination of service of any minor.

The type of education to be offered in these parttime classes is to be determined by the needs of the children and by the facilities of the schools. It is not restricted to vocational

training. The law reads, "A parttime school or class established in accordance with the terms of this act shall provide

606 IMPROVEMENT ERA

an education to the children who have entered employment which shall be either supplemental to the work in which they are engaged, continue their general education, or promote their "civic and vocational intelligence."These classes "shall be in

session not less than four hours a week between the hours of 8 a. m. and 6 p. m."The continuation school is growing in

favor slowly, but steadily, in the world.

Not more than nine states of the Union have compulsory, parttime laws for children up to age eighteen, and none are more farreaching than Utah's. Wisconsin enacted a continuation school law for cities in 1911. It is interesting in passing

to note that although the age limit then was only 16, Mr.

Coolev. the director, reports that, in 1911, 5,000 children who

had left school permanently, were brought back into these part-t'me classes in the city of Milwaukee alone. The age

limit has since been raised to age 18. The British Parliament

has recently enacted a very strong continuation school law. The

age limit is fixed at 18, and the number of hours of schooling required is 288 annually. Employers are required to allow

their employees to attend the classes and to include these hours as part of the working time. France has proposed even more

stringent laws, extending the age limit for boys to age 20, and requiring 320 hours annually in the schools. Utah, therefore, appears to be in line with the best thought of the enlightened nations in hr program for education.

There can be no doubt but that a crying need exists for continuation schools. More than half of the boys and girls

from fourteen to eighteen are permanently out of school in

Utah. While the conditions in the nation at large are far worse

than this, still the figures are alarming. All the money expended for public and private high schools is showered upon

the less than half who are able and who desire to pursue the type of study offered in the present curriculum. The "more

than half"have received no systematic consideration. And

still, in this latter group are the sons of widows and of other parents who, for various valid reasons, are dependent upon the earnings of the youths. In this group also are the boys and

girls who lose interest in formal studies because their talents and aspirations lie in the field of industry and of business.

The records of the correspondence schools show that very large sums of money are paid by these young people annually in an endeavor to get the education which our present types of secondary schools deny them.

I recall a widow's son, about 17 years of age, who recently paid $70 for such a course which he puzzles out alone in the night hours after the days'arduous labors in an electrical shop.

How many more boys are struggling along in the same manner

CONTINUATION SCHOOL LAW OF UTAH 607

I know not, but the Utah school census shows that 10,877 children between 14 and 18 years of age are not in any public or private school.

I do not understand why this boy should have to pay $70 tuition and to study without a teacher when he wishes to sludy electricity, while another boy, betteroff, who wishes to study history or Latin, and can afford to attend a fullday high school, pays nothing for his course, and has an expert teacher provided for him. Simple justice demands that both

boys be treated with equal fairness. The parttime laws aim

to play fair.

Salt Lake City census of 1918 shows 5,167 young people between 14 and 18 years of age who are not in any school, even a three months business college.

Assistant Superintendent Geo. N. Child, of Salt Lake City,

conducted an industrial survey of 1,583 of this group; 228 were

delivery boys, 218 clerks and wrappers, while 192 worked in factories, and 172 were mechanical or day laborers, and 156 were in offices. Fifty were messengers. Of the entire number

of over fifteen hundred only thirtytwo reported themselves as apprentices in any trade. It is evident, therefore, that almost

all those at work are in blind alley jobs. And it is also evident

that up to the present no effort has been made to guide these adolescents for individual and for social efficiency. The parttime standards and provisions are intended to rectify the sad

neglect of the past. Utah, as usual, is among the vanguard

of progress in education.

Salt Lake City, Utah

.L jW

\ il'-T*:Mr<--$

a,-'J

L =J The Camp Fire Photo by Leland B. Anderson

Irrigation and Education

. Israclsen, of the Utali Agricultural College By Professor (). W

IV. Perseverance

That ultimate success in irrigation and in education is inherently dependent on Priority, Purpose, and Place has been called to attention heretofore. But these things do not insure

success unless they are accompanied by Perseverance, the fourth of the five P's.

Many failures in irrigation farming have resulted directly from lack of Perseverance. The pioneer farmer of the Middle

West long ago became accustomed to plowing his virgin land early in the spring, sowing his fertile grain and reaping a harvest in only one hundred days from when the soil and plow first met. Not so in the Arid West where large diversion dams must

be built; canals having many laterals must be constructed; and

rough surfaces must be smoothed to make the dormant lands productive. These things cannot be done in a day, a month, or

a year, but many years of unceasing toil are required.

Late in the eighties and early in the nineties of the last century, this country experienced an epoch in irrigation development long to be remembered. The period is commonly known

aa that of "commercial canal building."Investors of the country were led to believe that phenomenal development of the

West would very quickly follow the construction of large irrigation works; that in but a few weeks or months after water was

made available for irrigation, a sudden transformation of the desert would follow. Many were disappointed. It was found

that years came and went and but a small percentage of the lands under the irrigation projects were actually farmed. In many

cases after a quarter of a century there yet remained fully onehalf of the land undeveloped. Project Perseverance was found to

be an absolute essential.

Likewise the individual farms demand Perseverance. Best

results come only after years of effort. Each tract of land must

be graded and smoothed; the soil allowed to settle in the loose

places, and again graded and smoothed. Success comes ultimately

to him who never despairs.

It is similar in the seeking of an education. The fertile

seed of persistent inquiry may quickly germinate, and insure an

IRRIGATION AND EDUCATION 609

early harvest when sown in a "humid"mind, but frequently minds of exceptional capacity seem to be affected with a deep seated "aridity."To make such minds fertile, powerful diversion

policies must be developed; new channels of activity, having

many branches, must be constructed; and rough places smoothed.

Nor can these things be accomplished in a day, a month or a year, but years and years are required.

It is not difficult to believe that the world is just emerging from a period of commercial life building. Have not inventors

and financiers been led to overestimate the transformation which would follow the rise of industrialism? Have not the years come

and gone with but a small percentage of mankind stimulated to a fuller maturity, a genuine educational growth? After a generation of opportunity under the advantages of a splendid industrial Progress, fully one half of our national life projects

seem to have failed to reach this goal. National survival is

dependent on democracy, and the perpetuation of democracy rests on national Perseverance in the dissemination of knowledge properly educating those who are to govern themselves.—in

Individual acquirement of the necessary educational growth likewise depends on individual Perseverance. Permanent Progress comes only as a result of years of consistent endeavor. Every

man must eliminate the rugged elements; apply the tests of

experience and temptation; and prune off the rough places.

Ultimate advancement comes only to him who is eternally vigidevelops Perseverance within himself.lant—who

That unlimited Progress awaits the person who successfully meets the demands of the age concerning Priority, Purpose,

Place and Perseverance will be pointed out in the next number of the Era.

Logan, Utah

President Joseph F. Smith

soul that ran, but did not flee; A man whom we could not but love,A

As brother, father, friend Commanded, yet obeyed

A rock of strength, a fire aglow; Bowed not to wrong, yet on his knee

A power to make and mend. For erring ones he prayed.

A guide who never once forgot The way to faith and cheer;

He nobly wore, without a spot,

The mantle of a seer.

George H. Brimhall.

Hunting the Wild Boar

By Dr. John F. Sharp, LieutColonel, and Regimental Surgeon,

318th Engineers, A. E. F.

This little story is a truthful narrative of the ups and downs o( a Utah tenderfoot hunting Europe's greatest big game, the

Wild Boar. It is called in French Le Sanglier (songle-a).

It was rather hard for me to remember the French name at first, but after hearing it pronounced on so many different occassions and in so many stages of excitement, it has become a word never to be forgotten. The disappointments related herein were suffered so keenly and for such a long period of time,

that the reader's indulgence is asked for the enthusiasm expressed when the tide turned; and remember that nothing is attempted

except to give honestto-goodness facts. Now for the story:

Shortly after the signing of the armistice, when the First

American Army was just resting, I came down the stairs from the attic of my host's chateau, where I was quartered, and found a little bunch of men gathered to go boar hunting. From the

looks of that little gathering and their apparent eagerness for the chase it suddenly became evident to me that it must be quite a sport. Back somewhere in my memory, my childhood's

picture flashed. Remembrances came that it was a sport of kings

and of great kills made by "his royal nibs"at different times.

The picture continued that the game belonged to an estate all fenced in, of a game keeper who kept poachers off, and that when the aforesaid royal bird could be persuaded to leave his ermine perch, that he would be escorted to a post where someone would load his guns, and the flock of hogs would be driven by him, while he shot until he was tired, then pose for a picture with the kill and finally be escorted home. You can imagine my

surprise, then, to see this collection of men, mostly old bewiskered ones, each with a double barreled 12gauge shotgun of fine workmanship, collecting in the courtyard, all talking at once and greeting each other so warmly and giving each other a little left handed squeeze, which is customary here among the best of friends. They were happy and expectant. Those old 12gauge

shotguns sure looked good to me, and as back home somewhere

I had cached away a century run trophy from the Hercules

Powder people for breaking more than a hundred clay pigeons straight, I wanted to hug the stock of one, and then of course it just couldn't be missed!thinking of a pig to shoot at—well,

It did not take long to request permission to go with them and as my host appeared to be the director of the hunt he soon

HUNTING THE WILD BOAR 611 procured for me a gun, a beautiful 12gauge hammerless and gave me four shells, two marked with a-g on the wad and two with a-12. He told me the shell with the 12 went in the right

barrel and the one with the g in the left, and that there were twelve buckshot in one and nine in the other, the left barrel holding a little larger size for the second shot. He carefully explained how to use the gun and with many a "Oui! Oui!"as if

I had never seen a gun before, he picked out a lanky hunter and said, "Go wis him."One more "Oui!"and off we started. That

fellow was some walker. He smoked a pipe constantly, and as

we neared the forest, where the hunt was to be held, I endeavored to find out a little more about this animal. He knew

no English at all, so that with my little French and signs there was much difficulty found in getting what information I desired.

Not wishing to pull a bone on my first hunt I desired to know if one just killed the old boars and let the sows and little ones go. He told me to shoot at any of them. This was about all

the information gleaned up to the time we reached the forest, although the conversation had waxed warm, when suddenly he stopped short and looked at the ground. It was covered with

grass and leaves at this point. He walked back a few steps and

looked down and I peered down and looked for tracks, but couldn't see any. He was getting quite excited by now and

thinking that perhaps he could see tracks where I was unable to, I must confess that I almost loaded the gun to prepare for an emergency, when he pounced on something and it was the bowl of his pipe that had fallen off as he walked!

As we reached the forest he had me load the gun and it naturally found its way to the crook of my left elbow as it always did in the field. We met some other hunters presently

and one of them told me that the gun should not be carried that way, but by the strap over the left shoulder so that if it went "poom"it would shoot up in the air. This was my first lesson

in the technique of the hunt. The strap is attached on the

lower side of the gun from a little below midway on the stock to about twelve inches off the end of the barrel. The gun is

carried by the strap until a post is taken, when it is removed and pointed into the forest. It becomes a fine item in the measure of safety to be carried in this manner. The forest is blocked

off in parcels containing ten to twenty acres, with fine roadways or paths, sometimes fifty feet wide, running at right angles to each other. They appear to have been cut for the hunters. The

shooters are placed on these paths on three sides of a block at intervals of one to two hundred yards, and the beaters and dogs are sent into the fourth. The shooter does not stand in the middle of this pathway, but right up against the block of forest that

isthe beaters are working out. This is so that when a boar

612 IMPROVEMENT ERA

jumped and breaks for otlier parts that he will pass the line of shooters before one of them can possibly shoot, and a shot cannot be fired until he has passed behind the line. One more item

in the element of safety. These two points I learned during the

morning, first, to carry the gun by the strap; and, second, to

crowd up against the piece of forest that the boar was expected to come from.

It was time for lunch. We repaired to my host's hunting

lodge where the lunches had been left with the lodge keeper's wife that morning. The lodge keeper was a soldier and was

with the French army. Each one had brought his lunch separately and she prepared them accordingly. One had beans,

another a chop, and all had rotten cheese and a big bottle of wine. My lunch consisted of a beefsteak sandwich and a canteen

full of chlorinated water. If I had taken as much wine as any

of them did I would have seen great flocks of boar that afternoon, so chlorinated water was my limit. The meal lasted an

hour and a half and during it, they all talked at once and seemed to understand all that was said. After studying the map of the

forest with its paths, which hung in the room, the hunt was resumed.

It was quite interesting to note in the wife of the lodgekeeper, living alone in the heart of the forest, with her little fouryear-old girl, with no visible means of transportation, that national characteristic of the French women, a reverence for a beautiful dress and a pair of shoes. When the lunches were

given her in the morning she had on a house dress, with her hair done up in curl papers, and clattered around in wooden shoes which all peasant folk wear, when they step out of doors. She

looked then just as any other peasant young woman does, but when she served the meal her dress was beautiful, her hair was done up in fine taste, and her shoes were handsome. She walked

with much grace and the change in her was astounding. No

women care for their clothes as these do, and there is no wonder that they lead the world in fashions. When dressed in their

finery they almost appear a step higher in education and refinement than the men.

Old Lanky fathered me all day, and the first post he put me on that afternoon was a rather wellused highway. We had not

been set very long when I saw two small boar dart across the road between us, quite near him, and as he shot I turned my back, as I didn't want to get hit by a buckshot without at least offering my back. They clattered in the trees around me and

just then I caught sight of a boar on the dead "lope,"running in the forest parallel to the road just about thirty yards in. I wa&>all ready and followed it oh! so nicely and—"bluey!"and Mr.

HUNTING THE WILD BOAR 613 Hog went on. I just couldn't believe it, and hurried down to where

he was, and followed his tracks for a little ways, but after the shot the jumps were a little farther apart than before. By this

time other shooters hurried to see what the commotion was, and had me go all over where I stood and where the boar was, and would you believe it? one of them found the whole load,

twelve buckshots, in a tree almost a foot across that was between us when the shot was fired. My chance was gone and way down

in my bones I felt that there must be some mistake about that

Hercules century trophy. The Frenchmen laughed and laughed,

and my sadness deepened. Of course, there were two barrels

on that gun, but what with my surprise at missing him and the working of an old habit of pulling on the same trigger for the second ehot, he was so far away that it was useless. My own

beautiful Queen Bess that I had shot so long was a single trigger

Smith, and I kept pulling on the same trigger to fire the second barrel as I did with her. Several things were

learned that afternoon, one was the galling fact that I could miss a pig running broadside to me with a shot gun thirty yards away, and the other was that all dogs are boar dogs; we had five

fox terriers, a water spaniel and a hound of some kind. The

dogs hadn't jumped these boar, they were just clearing out before they found them. My brother officers teased me a good

deal about that miss, which was borne patiently, but when

Captain Jansen, whose men were a little shy of wood for their billets, asked my host the next time we went, if he might send a truck along after me to bring back the trees I shot down, it almost hurt.

The next hunt was staged on a miserable day, for it drizzled all the time. On about onefourth stand a bunch was jumped.

The beaters go through the forest shouting something like "oola"and hit a tree with a stick and just generally make a noise. As

a bunch is jumped they yell, "oof, oof,"and all of the dogs give tongue and a terrible racket starts. On this stand this

happened. My pal was running up the road and peering into

the forest when all of a sudden a boar burst through the forest about ten feet from him and he shot twice and didn't even slow it up. It was certainly traveling and appeared to bounce across

the road like a deer does. It didn't seem possible to miss that

one. In about two seconds a commotion started out of the forest

towards me, and I was all keyed up expecting one to burst out near me, but it didn't. Just at this point some one shot a gun

in the forest rather near me and I jumped higher than ever before in my life. The excitement of Frenchmen, and dogs, and

boar, is rather a hard combination to keep calm in. The commotion gradually ceased, and when I reached old Lanky his face

was white and drawn. I expressed much sympathy, but all he

614 IMPROVEMENT ERA

could murmur was trcs difficile. It didn't look difficult because there were no trees in the way. Someone with the beaters

said he had wounded one, and the rest of the day was spent arguing and following the trail, but without success.

About this time our train had to leave this little town in which we were billeted and make a new home in one about twenty miles north. As I was one of the gang now and a left

handed squeezer the invitation to join them in a hunt at any time was most cordial.

first of December. I My next opportunity came about the

was most happy for the chance, for I wanted to square myself for the poor shot that was made into the tree. It was cold and

clear in the morning, but by noon it had started to rain, and as

I had no slicker, I was soon cold and wet. Things didn't seem

to go right that morning and soon my host and my old pard

Lanky engaged in an argument that was awful. The rest began to leave them soon and sneak away, and it almost looked

as if the tension would be relieved if they would step off a few paces and begin to shoot at each other. It quickly blew over,

however, and was just a difference of opinion as to where we should hunt. We then took a long walk and came to a part of

the forest that looked a little swampy. There was much boar

sign here, many tracks and "wallers."They seemed to be able

to read the sign quite well. During the day I learned that one

has to use both eyes and ears to detect just where the boar might burst from the forest. On the last stand that day about four

o'clock I was placed on a pot with a great dry ditch in front of me. On the other side of the ditch was a little pathway running

parallel to it and quite well trodden. Of course, I thought that

boar wouldn't like to cross that big ditch, and used the pathway, which was just a forest trail. I was all humped up and half

frozen, and could hear the beaters and dogs, about a third of a mile away, coming towards us. After noticing the gun to see if

it was all ready, I was just thinking that a man's ears were no use to him with the rain pattering on the leaves as it was then, when

I caught sight of an enormous boar trotting right at me. My

old shotgun teacher, Cal Callison, who was the greatest field shot

I ever saw, used to have an expression when he hit anything hard that he "plastered"it, and I can remember thinking about that boar, "Well, old fellow, I'll plaster you just behind the shoulder right now."Of course this olive drab of Uncle Sam's

and this rainin-theface cap blends into any old color at no great distance and I am certain he had not spotted me as he trotted out all alert to escape that danger that he could hear coming.

It is also certain that he didn't see the gyrations of my brain cells as they framed the thought to hit him fairly, but it is absolutely certain that he saw me the instant the thought was put in motion.

HUNTING THE WILD BOAR 615 As the gun came to my shoulder, he went with one enormous jump off to the left in a thicket, a confused black mass going in several directions at once, a poorly aimed shot, a black ball clearing my ditch with feet to spare, and he was gone. He was a real

old king, and as he trotted out between two big trees he was the most kingly picture of wild life that one could ever see. My

chance for a prize was lost in a twinkle. Thoughts followed each

other in rapid succession, and after witnessing the marvelous animation he had shown in that "getaway,"the boar now had taken first place among the big game that I have known. As the

other shooters came around and examined his tracks their murmurings of tres difficile brought little comfort. It was a cold

old ride home, for as a move was imminent it was to be my last hunt with them. After a change of clothes with a canary bath in

between, for a bath tub in France is either a lost art or a never found one, I sought consolation before the little woodfire from my roommates, Capt. Jansen and Capt. Smiley. Always looking

for sympathy about the big one that got away, is describing that first jump, I told them that it was fifteen feet, but caught a twinkle in Captain Jansen's eye in time to say, "After all, fellows, what is ten feet among friends!"Just between us, though,

it was an awful big jump. There is just one other animal that

can fade into a landscape like that, and that is a bear that is thoroughly frightened, but it isn't in a boar's class. I mourned

about that miss for a long while, and often woke up with a groan as I half dreamed about it and censured myself severely for not realizing that the boar lived up to its name and was at least "wild."I had to leave this section of France at this time, and

I did eo, rankled way down deep in my chest that I was beaten fair and square at a game with a shot gun at which I felt that I had some claim, being a good player.

After suffering one of the fortunes of war in getting a reassignment, at which time one parts from all of his friends and goes entirely among strangers, I found myself with another division in a little hamlet in Central France, where we prepared to winter. As soon as the opportunity presented itself, I prowled

around the forests, looking for boar sign and with much delight found some in the fields. While it was old it offered a hope. It

did not take long to find that they were hunted some here. The

village hunters were two old Frenchmen, one sixtyseven years old, who led a yellow hound he called "Ramonot,"and another old gentleman who led a white dog called "Taillot."In this

town they all used 16gauge shotguns with hammers and they were of an ancient make. The one I had the first day had but

one hammer, but as we saw nothing but an old track it was as good as a machine gun. I warmed up to those two old gentlemen

because they were so enthusiastic and tireless. They took me

616 IMPROVEMENT ERA

again a few afternoons later and kept me at a post all afternoon long. In this piece of forest the dogs behaved badly and barked

and fussed around the whole time. The younger man of the two

had a shot he said at a large boar that the dogs were frightened of and wouldn't chase, but thought he did no damage to it as it was quite a distance away in the thick forest. They took me

down the road a little ways and showed me where he had been digging in a bank for roots. It was an enormous hole, and the

boar had a large track. They said he was still in there, but

that it was too dark to hunt further. About this time it started

to snow and we had our first real winter weather. It snowed

about four inches and turned bitter cold. This appeared a help

to me and when I could slip away for an hour in the mornings I would noe around for tracks myself. There were many fox

tracks and I saw several foxes in the fields, listening for field mice under the snow, to pounce on them when they heard one. I saw

one boar track, but he had left the country. We went out with

the dogs one afternoon and at first the usual thing happened.

There two old fellows would miss each other's direction and we would get lost in small groups. They each had a hunting horn

hung over the left shoulder and under the right arm, that they would blow on every little while. I never did understand the

signals even after they were explained. When one would get out

of hearing of the other he would blow and blow and then make gestures of disgust if there was no response and prepare for the inevitable argument that came when they met. It was most exasperating. Theee arguments were staged at any stage of the hunt,

and they would stop still and face each other in the road while they raved. When they cooled down the hunt was resumed.

After getting together late that afternoon, the old gentleman with the yellow hound started through a piece of forest for us while we stood on the road. I had hunted with them so faithfully for

so long that I had quite a modern gun with both hammers. They

had a shell to go in the right barrel with one slug in it that was so large that it bulged the shell, and it took quite a push to get it in the chamber. The left barrel had a shell with nine buckshot. That seemed odd, but they explained that the first shot

one might get with the boar standing, but the second one never.

That sounded reasonable, so I had it loaded that way. The yellow hound started one, and was coming out of the forest about

200 yards up the road from me, and I ran as best I could to head it off. They turned before they reached me, and went

deep into the forest until he could hardly be heard, and then turned back and came for the road again, at another place. Another sprint, but still one did not burst through, and they turned

again. I had started back down the road when a little ways in

the forest a twig snapped. I stopped dead still and put the gun

HUNTING THE WILD BOAR 617

to my shoulder and waited. Soon my eye caught the outlines

of three small boar darting here and there and listening and grunting quietly to each other. One would run a few steps and

the others would follow, but never a move from me. They came

a little closer, but still no move from me. I was just waiting for

one to step in front of the gun. Pretty soon one stopped and

listened, and while the brush was so thick, that I could but dimly see it, still I had much confidence in that slug, so after moving the gun slowly until I covered it, I shot. From the feel of that

gun, the slug had some difficulty in finding its way out of the barrel. It was an awful kick. I just had to shoot then, for this

statue business while a boar maneuvers to get in front of the gun, is no joke, when you realize that the slightest move or noise on your part means a lost boar. When the smoke cleared away,

for the shell was loaded with black powder, I looked into the forest where they were, but saw nothing except the ever present tree, this time one about an inch in diameter shot clear off.

Hopes sank, for it looked like trees were my hoodoo. As snow

was still on the ground, I fought my way through the brush to where they were standing, to see if they had jumped that fifteen feet, and right away found blood, which I followed in great haste scratching my face and hands a plenty, and in about one hundred yards found him dead. The slug had hit him just behind the

shoulder, and I surely felt proud to think I had at last killed one, even if it was a little one. Soon the two old Frenchies came

up and hugged me and blew their horns and almost had a war dance. With much elation, we brought it into the village, and

I spent a busy evening telling just how it was done. My enthusiasm ran high for I was squaring an old score and even the taunt

of my roommate, who hails from South Carolina, when he said, "where do you reckon that slug would have hit if it hadn't hit the tree first?"failed to dampen my spirits. The mayor got the pig,

it weighed about 60 lbs., and he scattered it round. I was glad

for them, for they have very little meat except an occassional rabbit which every family keeps for winter use. The natives all

shook hands with me as we came back and the mayor's family invited all of the hunters to be at gruotte dinner the next evening at six o'clock. The next day about noon one of my old pals

came into my room and fumbled with his hat and said that the big one he shot at a few days before was still in that forest and that we would leave in about 15 minutes. After a hurried bite,

we started off. We had no difficulty getting shooters to go this

time. I still retained the gun with the one slug combination.

The two old natives arranged us on the road and then went clear around the forest to start in the other side and come towards us with the dogs. They started an argument over there about a

third of a mile away, about which way to go, that was a wonder, 618 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and before they decided what to do that boar started to leave. I

was well hidden behind a bush and my eye just caught a glimpse of him as he trotted out listening to that argument, and for once

I was glad to hear one. The statue business with me started

again. He would trot a step or two, and listen, and was certainly

a picture of alertness. Knowing by now, that the slightest move

on my part was fatal to a shot, I was using every effort to look like a tree. My heart beats were awful, and it seemed like he

must see them. It looked like he never would come in a clear

enough place to risk a shot. Major about two hundred yards up

the road was watching me pose, and told me afterwards that he thought my reason had departed. The boar came near the end

of the gun, after a while, and its head and neck showed pretty well, so, after moving the gun slowly for just a little ways to cover his neck, started the slug. There was no need to wait for

the smoke to clear away this time to see what had happened, for

I could hear him thrashing around and knew that he was mortally wounded. It was a little difficult to breathe right then, and

an odd pain persisted across my abdomen for a little while, and right here I hope that if I ever get another shot at a boar that I will not have to wait as long as that to decoy him into getting in a clear enough place to chance a shot. Just such a predicament

as this is what constitutes the thrill of big game hunting. I have

killed a moose, but he was one we bumped into and it was all over in a few seconds, but the thrill is the same. To call a moose

and hear him coming must be the same as decoying a boar by looking like a tree.

It did not take long for the crowd to gather now, and those

Frenchmen were beside themselves. The old fellow that told

me about him came tumbling and running and half crying and all were most happy. They fixed a little half hitch around his

tusks and snout, with two ropes, and we dragged him in over the snow and were very much elated. That head is getting mounted

to be sent home so that I can prove all this, but if the fortunes of war fixes it so that it never gets there, I'll just have to say that it could all be proved if Bill Jones were still living.

Wild boar are extremely hardy animals.. While all other

game in France appears to be decreasing, they appear about the same. It is said that during a hard winter in France about

twenty years ago that they disappeared and were not seen for two or three years and then reappeared. A mother has one litter

a year, from four to eight, in the spring. She will build a little

covering of leaves and twigs for them, for the first few days of their lives and stay close to them. An old boar usually stays

near also and helps protect them for some time. They are brown

with a few black stripes, when first born, but soon turn a dark grey. They can be caught very easily during the first few days

HUNTING THE WILD BOAR 619

of life, but after they are ten days old it is almost impossible.

They can be raised in captivity if caught very small, and will follow the one who feeds them almost like dogs. They never

attain their greatest size in captivity, as all real wild animals do not do well in captivity. A mother with little ones is very

destructive to grain and will lie on great quantities while the little ones eat the heads off. They are very fond of potatoes,

and on very dark nights will come right into the door yard gardens and root them up. They have a large tough snout with

a large flare. Their bristles are so long around their necks that

they appear to have a mane and a hump like a moose. When

being chased by dogs they don't swerve much from a straight course and they do look ferocious. Many a hunter on sight of

his first one coming straight towards him has made for the nearest tree without disputing the right of way. The mother keeps

her little ones together, all during the year, and they have a tendency to flock together always. Old boars usually travel alone.

A boar reaches a weight of about 100 lbs., during his first year,

ISO his second, and at about five years old he gets his greatest weight, about 250 lbs. They are taller and much more graceful

than a tame pig. Their legs are black below their knee joints

and very graceful. The feet are made up into candle sticks

standing on the foot and they are very pretty. The boars develop

large sharp tusks which are their weapons of defense, and a dog is forever shy of one when once gouged by a tusk. Man is his

natural enemy, so he feeds only at night and hides in the day time. He will never tackle a man unless wounded, and then

only when cornered. If wounded he attempts to get away and

as these natives express it "he will go as long as he has any blood left,"undoubtedly due to his ruggedness. He depends on his

nose, eyes and ears to tell him of danger and they are all very keen. His speed is terrific, when once he gets under way. When

started he appears to get in high gear from a standing start.

The dogs never get close to a big one. They can usually be seen

two hundred yards behind one yelping on the scent. When the

dogs start a big one, they usually follow him all afternoon. They

travel great distances when frightened. The open season on

wild boar is from September 1, to March 31; when they are particularly bold and destructive the lessee of a particular district

i.ay declare an open season on them. They are so destructive that

tTie government pays a bounty of 25 franks for little ones and 50 franks for big ones, so that in those I was fortunate enough to kill it was a comfort to know that the shells were at least well paid for, besides furnishing such fine meat to these natives and some of us. The meat is not fat as in a tame hog, but has a fine

game taste. They live on grains and roots and nuts and should

be good. 620 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Were we in time for that dinner? We were. The dinner

started at six in the evening and lasted until nine. The gruotte

is a stew of the choice bits, or "inards,"as they say in some parts of America. It consists of ears, tongue, lungs, heart, liver and

kidneys, and is served as an entree and is wonderfully good. It

almost choked me to eat a piece of lung, but after it was once in my mouth it tasted as good as any of it. The mayor had rustled a

roast of beef for the main course. About this time much excitement was caused by some one saying that the mayor's man

who dressed the big one found a buck shot in its south end. The

one old Frenchman joshed the other for having such a weak gun and laughed and laughed at him. We all joined in the fun and

he became perfectly dejected. I was particularly happy that

night, because I had leveled off my black spot in boar hunting during that day, so I asked him if the boar might have gotten it stuck in his ham by sitting down on it. He replied in all seriousness that it was impossible for there was snow on the ground.

The next course was one of roast pigeons cooked with their heads on. I really expected one of the mayor's daughters to

scream, because they looked so gruesome. We told them after

the first shock, that the heads were not cooked on poultry in

America and they could hardly believe that we would let such choice portions go to waste. They looked at us with real compassion when we told them that America was going dry, for they

drink wine with every meal that can be called meal at all. The

ladies drink also, but almost always dilute their wine with water.

The men always refuse to have their glasses refilled, but never push up on the bottle hard enough to make the one pouring stop before the glass is completely filled. A course of home made

chee:e came just before the pastry, which tasted all right, but

if you happened to take a little sniff just as it reached your mouth, you almost wondered if it wasn't something that the cat brought in. The last course was the coffee and cigarettes. The

French people are great cigarette smokers, but not much more so than Americans. This war has probably given an impetus to

cigarette smoking also, but that does not alter the fact that the cigarette habit is just as harmful as it ever was. The mavor has

three refined daughters, who prepared this fine meal. They all

sat at one end of the table near the kitchen. When the cigarettes

were passed the one supposed to have the most schooling smoked one, but the other two refused and it appeared like her refinement fell off her like a cloak. Oh! surely the ability to smoke a

cigarette has no place in the make up of an ideal woman. After

expressing our thanks for the wonderful evening, we departed, and will remember, for lo! these many moons, our introduction

to the celebration dinner attending the killing of Europe's greatest big game, Le Sanglier.

Future Rewards

By Joseph Fielding Smith, of the Council of the Twelve

A request has been made by a missionary that the following questions be answered in the Improvement Era:

1. "If a member of the Church should apostatize, or fall away, and

should reject his covenants, to which degree of glory will he be relegated?

Provided, of course, that he does not repent and reenter the Church.

2. "Under the provisions in the revelations, is it possible for one who

has accepted the testimony of Jesus in the flesh to ever inherit the terrestrial kingdom?

3. "Explain particularly the seventyninth verse of section 76 in the

Doctrine and Covenants."

Answer 1. It is impossible to state the degree of reward

or punishment which ehall be measured out in each individual case of transgression or apostasy. All do not receive the same

light and knowledge when they come into the Church, because some are more diligent and faithful than others in observing the commandments. Our Savior has given us an excellent illustration of this in the parable of the sower. Some men receive a thorough knowledge and testimony of the truth through

faithful diligence and obedience to the gospel. The Spirit

of the Lord rests upon them and they can truthfully say that they know that Jesus is the Christ and Redeemer of the world.

Others do not receive such great light and testimony, because they are less diligent. They believe that Jesus is the Son of God,

and accept the truth, but do not have a perfect understanding.

It is possible aho that some have come into the Church because the doctrines appeal to them as being logical and consistent, but they never exert themselves to get the Spirit of the Lord.

Olhers have come into the Church because of ulterior motives, and such never do comprehend the light, and seldom remain, for disappointment is bound to come when their object is not attained, and they fall away again.

The Lord declares in one of the revelations: "To some it is

given by the Holy Ghost to know that Jesus Christ is the Son of God, and that he was crucified for the sins of the world; to

others it is given to believe on their words, that they also might have eternal life if they continue faithful."Doc. & Cov. 46:

1314.

Almost without exception when a person leaves the Church, it is due to transgression. The Spirit of the Lord will not dwell

622 IMPROVEMENT ERA

in unclean tabernacles, and when the Spirit is withdrawn darkness supercedes the light and apostasy will follow. This is one

of the greatest evidences of the divinity of this latterday work.

In other organizations men may commit all manner of sin and still retain their membership, because they have no companionship with the Holy Ghost to lose; but in the Church when a

man sins and continues without repentance, the Spirit is withdrawn, and when he is left to himself the adversary takes possession of his mind and he denies the faith. It is possible for a

man who has received a perfect understanding of the truth and has walked in the light of the Holy Spirit to fall away through transgression. But when he turns away, he still knows that he

once had the light. The Lord has said of such: "All those who

know my power, and have been made partakers thereof, and suffered themselves, through the power of the devil, to be overcome, and to deny the truth and defy my power—they are they

who are the sons of perdition, of whom I say that it had been better for them never to have been born"(Doc. & Cov. 76:3132).

We should hardly expect the Lord to measure out the same punishment to the man who departs from the Church because of some supposed grievance or misunderstanding, when that man never did have a testimony of the gospel and was never led by the Spirit of Truth. Yet, such a man bars himself, unless he

repents, from the celestial kingdom, according to the word of the Lord. He had his opportunity and rejected the gift that

was presented to him, therefore the reward of the faithful shall not be his portion. "He who is not able to abide the law of a

celestial kingdom, cannot abide a celestial glory; and he who

cannot abide the law of a terrestrial kingdom, cannot abide a terrestrial glory; he who cannot abide the law of a telestial

kingdom, cannot abide a telestial glory; therefore he is not

meet for a kingdom of glory. Therefore he must abide a kingdom which is not a kingdom of glory."(Doc. & Cov. 88:2224.)

All things are governed by law, and whosoever is unable or unwilling to abide by the law of any one of these kingdoms, cannot be sanctified by the law governing therein, "neither by mercy, justice, nor judgment"(Doc. and Cov. 88:35).

The Lord will judge each individual case, and will assign transgressors to that degree to which each is entitled according to his works. If a man only merits a place in the telestial, that

will be his reward; if it should be the terrestrial, then he shall

be admitted to that kingdom. In order to enter the celestial,

a man must be true and faithful to the end, observing all things which the Lord has commanded, otherwise he shall be assigned to some other kingdom, or to outer darkness if hi j sins so merit.

Let it be remembered, however, that the punishment of the apostate, no matter who he is or what degree of knowledge

FUTURE REWARDS 623 he may have attained, shall be most severe. "Hearken and hear,

ye my people, saith the Lord and your God, ye whom I delight to bless with the greatest blessings, ye that hear me; and

ye that hear me not will I curse, that have professed my name, with the heaviest of all cursings"(Doc. & Cov. 41:1).

It would be well to read in connection with this subject the following: Luke 12:9-10; II Peter 2:1921; Hebrews 6:4-6;

Mosiah 3:2427; Alma 34:3235.

Question 2. A man who has accepted the testimony of Jesus

in the flesh may inherit any of the three kingdom;?, according to

the degree of faithfulness he has shown in keeping the comandments of the Lord. If he keeps the full law, he shall be entitled

to enter the celestial kingdom. If he is willing to abide by

only a portion of the law, and rejects the covenants which govern in the celestial kingdom, notwithstanding he is honest, virtuous and truthful, he shall be assigned to the terrestrial kingdom where other honorable men shall be found. If he enters into

the Church, but rejects the light, and lives a life of disobedience and corruption, he may be assigned to the telestial kingdom and obtain such blessings as he is willing to receive because he was not willing to enjoy that which he might have received. Doc.

& Cov. 88:32. Read Sec. 88:1440.

Those who enter the terrestrial kingdom are 1. Those who died without law.

2. The spirits (souls) who were kept in prison because of their

disobedience in the days of Noah, having rejected the testimony of Jesus in the flesh, but afterwards receiving it.

3. Honorable men who reject the gospel because they are blinded

by tradition and the false teachings and craftiness of men.

4. Those who receive of the Savior's glory, but not of the fulness.

That is, these become members of the Church but refuse to accept the fulness of the gospel and its ordinances.

5. Those who are not valiant in the testimony of Jesus.

Question 3. This verse reads as follows: "These are they

who are not valiant in the testimony of Jesus; wherefore they

obtain not the crown over the kingdom of our God."These

enter into the terrestrial glory. Who are they? All who refuse

to receive the fulness of the truth, or abide by the principles and ordinances of the everlasting gospel. They may have received a

testimony; they may be able to testify that they know that Jesus

is the Christ, but in their lives they have refused to accept ordinances which are essential to entrance into the celestial kingdom.

They have refused to live the gospel, when they knew it to be true, or have been blinded by tradition, or for other cause have not been willing to walk in the light.

In this class we could properly place those who refuse to take upon them the name of Christ, even though they belong to the Church; and those who are not willing when called to

624 IMPROVEMENT ERA

go forth and preach to a perverse world "Jesus Christ and him crucified."They may live clean lives; they may be honest, industrious, good citizens, and all that, but they are not willing

to assume any portion of the labor which devolves upon members of the Church, in carrying on the great work of redemption of mankind. We have known members of the Church who have

gone out in the world and have mingled with those not of our faith, and these members were ashamed to have it known that they were Latterday Saints. Such persons certainly are not

valiant in the testimony of Jesus. The Lord has said:

"Whosoever, therefore, shall be ashamed of me, and of my words, in this adulterous and sinful generation, of him also shall the Son of man be ashamed, when he cometh in the glory of his Father, with the holy angels."

Over the Hills

Over the hills where the road leads,

A joy is waiting for you Waiting aglow where the sun shines

Forth from thj glimmering blue.

You'll find it there in the evening,

If you're not afraid of the climb;

Just stick to the place where the road leads

Over the hills of time.

Over the hills, with a steady tread;

It's a long, long way to go;

But a buoyant heart will take you there,

While the tender zephyrs blow.

And your truest wish is lingering

Close by a sea of gold, To carry you on to the sun gates

Across the fairy wold.

Yes, the grade is steep where the road leads

Up many a slope of the hills;

And dangers galore will besiege you,

If you falter or grow afraid.

Be strong, and staunch, and brave, lad;

And the treasures of life are thine;

And your journev will be a happy one

Over the hills of time.

Garden City, Utah Ezra J. Paulsen.

The Horrible Toad By George H. Maughn, Instructor in Biology, Ricks Normal College

Of all the innocent, harmless creatures which render humanity a great service and receive in return the loathing and abuse of a mistaken world, the toad probably stands first.

The story of the life of this animal is very interesting. It

gets its class name, amphibia, from the fact that it spends the first part of its life in water, breathing much as the fish do by means of gills. As it develops it gradually changes into an

airbreathing animal, finally developing hind legs and later fore legs. At this stage the "pollywog"may be seen coming to

the surface of the water opening its little round mouth and taking in by a series of little gasps a new supply of air. The

toad leaves the water while still quite small, its tail being absorbed within a few days by the rest of the body.

From now on he becomes one of the best, but least loved friends of humanity. Little boys hate him, because he is so

"stupid"and he often suffers inhuman treatment at their hands, even in spite of the boyish tradition, "that the cow will give bloody milk if they kill him."Boys, don't kill the toads.

They may be slow to get out of the way, or you may pick one up instead of a potato, in the cellar, but they do not cause warts and they are as innocent of doing any harm to you as any creature could be.

They feed upon insects that are most destructive to crops, such as the cut worm and grasshopper, they catch thousands of flies that might be, within a few weeks, the ancestors of millions more of these troublesome filthy carriers of disease.

The "horrible toad"sitting in the sand near your doorstep may be standing guard over your home. He is snapping up

those enemies that carry contagion and deposit germs upon the food you are eating.

The toad spends the winter wherever it overtakes him, by simply digging down in the sand or soil and there by the power his skin has of taking oxygen from the soil, air, and by a slight breathing, he sleeps until spring.

Frogs are near relatives of the toad, and have much the same economic value as the toad. Their powerful and graceful plunge into the pond as one approaches, as well as their

merry soothing chorus of the night time make them the interesting and joybringing friends of many of us. Fishing for

frogs was one of the great sports of my young boyhood. The

thrill came in the fact that if it was done right, the frog would allow himself to be caught without a hook. After serving his

time as a cow or a horse or some other animal, on a play farm, he was turned loose, perhaps to be a wiser frog.

Rexburg, Idaho.

His Return

By Claude T. Barnes

In a cool, sequestered nook of a certain Wasatch valley reposes a willowfringed pond, which in May is of unsurpassed loveliness. Unfrequented by man, its lilyfloating waters, densely

foliaged trees, and secluded banks, are a haven to many acquatic animals and birds as well as to several land species, who are attracted by its sweet retirement.

To him who is melancholy no solace is so sympathetic and diverting as communion alone with nature: some bird sings ever

willingly and sweetly, some flower ever peeps its delightful head. No one knew the comfort of wood notes and embowered

glens better than Frank Royce, for he had from early youth frequently sought the wilds.

The World War was to him an experience full of arduous trials, strange sights, lonesomeness and thrills. True he enjoyed the luxuriant freshness of the Argonne woods, until one

day he was wounded by a shell the warning hiss of which permitted him barely to escape with his life.

Before his recovery the armistice was signed, and soon thereafter, though still weak, he was given passage for home. During the war he had worn a locket containing the portrait of an

unmistakably beautiful girl; and he had a few times confided

to his companions that Mary Rives was "the girl back home."

Her letters, which had always been very sweet, with those of his mother, had been his chief delight and comfort.

He had been back home not over an hour, however, before

Fred Riley informed him that Mary was engaged to marry

Maurice Hoover, a splendid young man with whom he had once been on intimate terms. Piqued beyond expression at the news,

he had thereupon spent but a day with his mother; and, disgusted with life in general and girls in particular, had sought

the quietude of this charming pond, his sole excuse to his mother being that he wanted a rest of a day or so after his long journey.

As Frank erected his tent beside the spring that fed the pond, meadow larks filled the air with rapturous song; and from

the distant fields issued the wild, irregular notes of several bobolinks; and then:

"There came, Swift as a meteor's shining flame,

A kingfisher from out the brake,

And almost seemed to leave a wake

Of brilliant hues behind."

HIS RETURN 627 Even the toads, turned poets by the vernal warmth, were now trilling their lovesongs in the puddles below the spring.

Mourning doves cooed in the willows; valley quails whistled

from the labryinthine copses that fringed the trees; and a redshafted flicker rasped his loud "ifif-ifif"from the trunk of a

tall cottonwood.

After completing his camp, Frank idled an hour or more fishing indifferently in the pond and listening to the flutings of dozens of redwings. He pondered deeply over Mary and determined that he himself should show a total lack of interest in

her before she could convey any disagreeable news.

During the ensuing night he was awakened by a long, quavering demoniacal laugh, which suggested a couple of screaming cougars. It was the most uncanny sound he had ever heard in

the woods; and though unafraid he did lie awake listening intently for a closer approach of the weird noise. How any sane

person could emit such fiendish laughter he could not comprehend; and if it were a crazy, midnight roamer he had the better

reason to await the outcome with readiness. However, the half

scream, half laugh, harrowed the still darkness but once more, though it left a mystery which Frank felt must be explained.

The following day, as he was basking on an improvised raft, he noticed, through a chink of the foliage, that a man was approaching. Bringing his field glasses to his eyes he quickly discerned the manly form and characteristic walk of Maurice

Hoover.

He lounged back on the raft as if asleep, but a thousand thoughts were shooting through his mind as he attempted to decide on a plan of greeting. He had little time to ponder, however, as the smouldering campfire led Maurice straight to the

spot. "Hello, Frank,"Maurice shouted eagerly as he reached the embankment.

"Hello, Maurice,'"answered Frank with noticeably less gusto, as he arose and poled his way slowly toward shore.

They shook hands with every appearance of cordiality on

Frank's part, though with all of effusiveness with Maurice.

"Dear me, I'm glad to see you,"said Maurice, as he sat on a log. "As soon as I heard you were back in town I called at

your home, and your mother said you had come out here. What

is the idea, anyhow? And every one is anxious to see you."

"Oh, I had a deucedly hard trip back, and I always liked to rest a bit, I suppose, and here I am,"this pond—I wanted

answered Frank slowly, as if weighing his words.

"How long do you expect to stay?"

"I don't a week. Some maniac was screamknow—perhaps ing and laughing around this pond last night, and I would like

628 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to know who it was. Has anyone gone crazy in town?"

"Only me, I suppose,"answered Maurice.

"Why you?""Well it's a little secret, you know."

"I think I can guess it,"said Frank quietly, as he played in the water with a willow.

"Alright, try."

"You are going to get married,"and Frank still looked into the water. "You are right,"said Maurice, "but how did you know?"

"Oh, one of the fellows told me."

"I didn't know it was out,"replied Maurice. "In fact I didn't

want you to know just yet, Frank."

"Why not me?"inquired Frank guardedly.

"That I can't tell you just now. Have you seen Mary yet?"

"No, I haven't,"said Frank carelessly.

"Well, she can hardly wait to see you."

"Yes-s?"eaid Frank incredibly.

"Why, you act as if you don't want to see her?"said

Maurice, frankly puzzled.

"I should like to see her, of course, but not particularly,"replied Frank, a little puzzled himself.

"'Not mean that you and she have had particularly'—youtrouble,"quickly inquired Maurice, as if much surprised.

"That's a great question for you to ask, when you and she are going to get married."

At that Maurice rolled over with laughter.

"What are you laughing at?"shouted Frank, completely

ronplussed.

"Why you, of course. Who the deuce ever told you I was

going to marry Mary?"

"Fred Riley,"said Frank.

"Well, well, well, this is good,"said Maurice, "I'm going lives at Walton.to marry Katherine—Katherine Burton, who

She has been visiting Mary, and I have taken her and Mary to "-. Oh this is good,"and he roared with laughter.

"Well why did you say that you didn't want me to know yer, then?"said Frank, very much embarrassed.

"If I must tell you the secret, I must. Mary figured that

just figured on aperhaps when you got back, that—well we

double wedding, and now you've spoiled it all by your crazy insistence."

Just then a weird, demoniacal laugh came from the other end of the pond.

"What on earth is that, Maurice,"said Frank.

"T t's a loon, Frank."

"I loon, Say, Maurice, let's go home!"see—a

Mother's -Day

Blue skies and wild winds, sun, and scent, and May,

Robins nesting in the trees, bees among the clover;

Green vistas through the park and babies there at play.

Sabbath day and Mother's day all the Country over,

Quiet groups along the streets, handclasps and greeting;

Music from a distant band, a child's laughter gay

But mother's face an April face, with eyes full of visions,

For the bonny lad who brought her flowers is far, far away.

Hardening in the training camps; ready for the trenches;

Sailing high above the clouds, or convoyed out to sea;

Struggling over battle fields of nameless sounds and stenches,

Gas and smoke and blood and flame wherever he may be.

Dangers lurking in the dark of kinds we never dreamed of;

Wounded, starved in prison camps and sighing to be free;

Others'mothers crucified and children pierced and dying

O the sights that pierce our boys'dear eyes are what we mothers see!

Yes; pray for mother's fortitude, but pray for her defenses,

The Hope of her declining years that sails across the sea;

For when for him baptism of fire and shock of shell commences,

She walks with anxious, bleeding heart to her Gethsemane.

The trials of the passing years seemed nearly all behind her;

She looked for her reward, and lo! this great unmeasured

grief, And yet she struggles on, and still the multitudes will find her

A patriot at prayer, "Lord, I believe, help thou my unbelief."

Sarah E. Hawley Pearson.

Ogden, Utah The Contact

By Nephi Jensen

Frank had returned home from an eastern college a few days before. This clear, spring evening, he and his octogenarian

father were standing upon an elevation overlooking the city at their feet. The brilliant rows of electric lights, streaking

the town with their "white ways,"was an inspiring view. As

the two turned and walked towards the metropolis, the father broke the silence.

"That is a most beautiful sight."

The young impressionable student, just from the shrine of the Godless Science, did not see the aptness of the adjective "beautiful."He thought of another. His response carried

a note of homage to his new found divinity.

"Yes,"said he, "it is one of the splendid triumphs of modern science."

But he was not quite sure that his father, who had never been to college, saw the full meaning of the student's tribute to the achievements of modern man. So he elaborated.

"In the single field of electricity, alone, science has almost succeeded in satisfying every human want. It has made electricity bear our burdens, warm and light our homes, and carry

our messages to the furthermost ends of the world."

"Yes,"said the father, "it is truly marvelous what man's ingenuity has accomplished with the spark Benjamin Franklin snatched from the clouds. But there are a great many of

man's deepest needs electricity cannot supply. It can fuse into

one two pieces of the hardest steel, but it cannot knit together two estranged hearts. It can pull our heaviest trains up the

steep mountain summit, but it cannot break the chains of a single evil habit. It can brilliantly light our houses, but cannot send the faintest ray to the dark recesses of a despairing

soul. It has brought the continents next door to each other,

and yet the race is as far from God and the real heart of things as it was two thousand years ago. All the modern marvels

about which men so justly wax eloquent are confined to the realms of the forces of nature. They only minister to man's

physical comforts and needs. None of them touch or tame

the wild, pulsating human spirit. The terrible trinity of evil,

war, lust, and narcotics, still devastates, blights, and corrupts human society. What the world now most needs is a power

that will give it the same mastery over the forces of evil that science has given it over the forces of nature. Onlv

THE CONTACT 631

close vital contact with God, the source of all moral power can give this victory."

This aged man's conclusions suggest the Grecian myth concerning the giant Anteas, whose strength was doubled every time he touched mother earth, and who was finally conquered by Hercules because he lost contact with the earth. The myth

holds more than a grain of truth. Contact with the source of

power is the only way to conquer. Break the wire that unites

the buzzing machine in the mill, with the dynamo, in the distant canyon, and the machine instantly stops. Sever the connection between the electric lamp in your room and the source

of the electric current, and your light goes out. Let man become estranged from God, and he immediately loses the spiritual life which alone gives mastery over the foes of the soul.

It was left for Joseph Smith to discover for modern man the way to come into vital touch with the living God. At the

age of fourteen he became intensely concerned about his soul's salvation. He wanted to know which was the true church.

The preachers could not satisfy his yearning for certainty on a matter so important. Their indefinite and conflicting speculations only bewildered his youthful mind. In the midst of his

mental disquietude he read God's promise of wisdom to those who "ask in faith."With perfect confidence in the promise,

he decided to put it to the test. He went into a nearby grove

and prayed. His sincere prayer prevailed. God the Father

and his Son, Jesus Christ, appeared to him; and the Son, after

being introduced by the father, gave instructions to the boy.

That day, ninetynine years ago, this boy made the greatest discovery of modern times. He discovered the power of faith,

the only power that can give man the same mastery over the forces of evil that science has given man over the forces of nature. With the undoubting faith which this boy found and revealed to man, and by this alone, can man become "more than

conqueror"in this world, cursed by "vaulting ambition,"corrupting impurity, and corroding narcotics.

The story of this boy's triumphant faith is the most thrilling incident in modern annals. There is life, light and inspiration in it. It is the beacon of hope that lights the

way across the dark chasm which ages of ignorance and superstition have placed between man and God. Tens of thousands of truehearted men and women who have heard this

story have gone in quest of the knowledge of God with a sincerity and fervor so genuine that they have received that witness of God's Spirit which has made them so certain of

God's existence, the divinity of Christ's mission, and the reality of the future life, that the besetting evils of this world have lost all power over them.

A Church Upto-Date

By Elder James E. Talmage, of the Council of the Twelve

"We believe all that God has revealed, all that He does now reveal, and we believe that He will yet reveal many great and important things pertaining to the Kingdom of God?'

(Articles of Faith.)

We live in an epoch of unusual activity, both of thought and deed, an age of unprecedented achievement in material things, an era of unbounded promise.

The fever of effort burns in the blood and brain of man.

The discoveries and inventions of a year surpass the record of centuries bygone. So many, so momentous are the new developments of this day that we live in constant expectation of

other and greater things. Incredulity as to the possible is out

of fashion. Every fresh discovery or application to service is

another find in the rich mines of truth, and continuous revelation is a feature of the age.

What would be thought of the astronomer who would dare affirm that man already knows all that may be learned of the not, must not, expectheights and depths of space—that we may

or hope to learn of satellites, planets or suns heretofore unknown? What of the geologist who would say that the stony

pages of the earth's crust have been fully read, and that no new record is to be found, no further truths to be made plain? What

of the chemist who shuns the laboratory because, forsooth, he thinks that new discoveries are impossible, and the best he can do is to follow the lore of ancient books? Such men, for such

declarations, would be deservedly scorned.

But note this terrifying exception, and the awful inconsistency of it all. It has been long taught that nothing new can

come direct from the heavens to mankind, that Divine revelation belongs to the past! Dare we thus teach? In so doing are

we not blasphemously assuming to seal the lips of the Eternal

One, to ignore the hand of God as a factor in current events, and in our hearts dethrone the Supreme Ruler?

Is the civilized world rejecting real theism, which embraces faith in a living, loving, intelligent and omnipotent God, and remisty, malformed conception ofverting to pagan deism—that

a deity bound and trammeled by manprescribed limitations?

A church that lives not, grows not, develops not, in short

A CHURCH UPTO-DATE 633

a church that is dead, has no attractions for me. I profess no

allegiance to a creed that is always behind the times, now and forever finished and fossilized in its unalterable incompleteness.

While I tolerate, I cannot accept the doctrine that offers no living water for the spirit athirst, that has no bread of life for the hungering soul.

My Church must be upto-date, its religion vital and prosource of unfailing wisdom. It must giveheadquarters—thegressive. That Church must be in direct communication with

me the latest news from day to day, word of the everunfolding purposes of God, information as to the events of time, assurances as to the possibilities and certainties of eternity.

I accept the Holy Writ of ancient days for just what it purports to be. It is indispensable to the world's advancement.

Without the Holy Bible and other Sacred Scriptures the human race would be in a deplorable state. But living prophecy, current-day revelation, are likewise essential. One. is the letter,

the other the spirit that giveth life.

In the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints alone do

I find the satisfaction I have sought. Its professions and claims

would be bold to the verge of blasphemy were they false; but I

bear record unto all who read that they are true. In this, the

Church of my choice, I witness a vigor and vitality that speak of eternal duration; herein I find an evergrowing record of

revealed Scriptures that are their own justification, truth—new

and which, while primarily of present application, serve to explain and glorify the Sacred Writ of other days. I discover no

inconsistency, far less contradiction, between latterday Scriptures and the inspired records of olden times. Their agreement

is such as to declare a common authorship.

Is this upto-date religion really new? Only in the sense

of having been reestablished among men, with authority and power restored; new only as each recurring dawn is the birth of

a new day, though the light of that day is the light of the same sun that shone before. Every day is both old and new, each

the sum of the yesterdays that have gone, and the assuring promise of all the tomorrows yet unborn.

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints will ever be upto-date; its activities will endure even when time shall

be no more. It possesses this essential feature of perfection

the life principle that insures advancement. It lives and operates under the direction of The Christ, whose name it bears.

The Power of Song

Recently T had occasion to refer to a Latterday Saints hymn book. I was at a ward meeting, and asked the leader

of the choir for the book. It turned out that in that large

choir, not a single copy could be found. There were the

Psalmody, and other collections, but no hymn books. I discovered by the inquiry that seldom, if ever, was a hymn book

tied in that choir or that congregation, except as the selected hymns were found in the collections mentioned, and in which they are not always found in full. Ofttimes the final verses are

far superior to the others in expressing the poet's thoughts, and without them, the inspiration of the poem is often lost. I

regretted the absence of hymn books very much. I trust the

condition is not general; but if so, that we shall have a reformation in this respect, and that all the choirs and congregations

in Zion will be supplied with an abundance of hymn books, in order that our fingers and worshipers may become thoroughly familiar with the spiritual songs of Zion and sing them under the inspiration of the Spirit of the Lord.

I firmly believe that the singing of the sacred hymns written by the servants and handmaidens of God, has a powerful effect in converting people to the principles of the gospel, and in promoting peace and spiritual growth. Singing is a

prayer to the Lord, for we are told, "My soul delighteth in the song of the heart, yea, the song of the righteous is a prayer unto me, and it shall be answered with a blessing upon their heads."I desire to relate just one incident showing how song has the power to soothe irritated feelings and bring harmony to the hearts of men who are filled with a contentious spirit.

The incident occurred some years ago, I have been told, and it was a quarrel between two old Nauvoo veterans. These

men had been full of integrity and devotion to the work of the

Lord. They had been through many of the hardships of

Nauvoo, and had suffered the drivings and persecutions of the

Saints, as well as the hardships of pioneering, incident to the early settlement of Salt Lake Valley. These men had quarreled

over some business affairs, and finally concluded that they

EDITORS'TABLE 635 would try and get President John Taylor to help them adjust their difficulties.

John Taylor was then the president of the Council of the

Twelve Apostles. The veterans pledged their word of honor,

that they would faithfully abide by whatever decision Brother

Taylor might render. Like many others, even in these days,

they were not willing to accept the conclusions of their teachers, or bishops, or presidents of stakes, who would have been the authorized persons, in their order, to consult, and which would have been the proper course to pursue, but they must have some higher authority. Having been personally acquainted

with President Brigham Young, in the days of Nauvoo, and feeling their importance in their own devotion to the work of the Lord, nothing short, apparently, of an apostle's advice, would satisfy them.

They called on President Taylor, but did not immediately tell him what their trouble was, but explained that they had seriously quarreled and asked him if he would listen to their story and render his decision.

President Taylor willingly consented. He said, "Brethren,

before I hear your case, I would like very much to sing one of the songs of Zion for you."

Those of my readers who were acquainted with President

Taylor know that he was a very capable singer, and interpreted sweetly and with spirit, our sacred hymns. He then sang one

of these to the two brethren. Seeing its effect, he remarked

that he never heard one of the songs of Zion but that he wanted to listen to one more, and so asked that he might sing another.

Of course, they consented. They both seemed to enjoy it; and,

having sung the second song, he remarked that with their consent he would sing still another, which he did, as he had heard there is luck in odd numbers. Then in his jocular way, he

remarked: "Now brethren, I do not want to wear you out, but

if you will forgive me, and listen to one more hymn, I promise to stop singing, and will hear your case."

The story goes that when President Tavlor had finished the fourth song, the brethren were melted to tears, got up and shook hands, asked President Taylor to excuse them for having called upon him, and for taking up his time, they then departed without his even knowing what their difficulties were.

President Taylor's singing from our standard hymn book, had reconciled the brethren. The Spirit of the Lord had entered their hearts, and the hills of difference that existed between them, and evidently appeared as big as mountains, had

been leveled and become as nothing. Love aurl brotherhood

had developed in their souls, and the trifles over which they had quarreled, hud become valueless in their sight. The songs

636 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of the heart had filled them with the spirit of reconciliation.

Let us not forget our hymn books when we go to the house of worship. Ltfi the congregation ing; and by all means let

the choir member? become familiar with the beautiful sentiments that ar* contained in the hvmn books, and so shall the

soul of our Father in heaven delight in the songs of our hearts, which shall become prayers unto him, and which he will graciously answer with blessings upon our heads.

Heber J. Grant.

General Conference Notice

The postponed eightyninth annual General Conference of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints will convene in the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City, on Sunday, June 1, 1919, at 10 o'clock a. m., with sessions also on Monday and Tuesday, June

2 and 3.

The general Church Priesthood meeting will be held in ths

Tabernacle Monday evening, June 2, at 7 o'clock; reunions

should be arranged so as not to conflict with this meeting.

Heber J. Grant,

Anthon H. Lund,

Charles W. Penrose,

First Presidency.

Official Announcement

A book of 360 pages, entitled The Vitality of 'Mormonism, written by Elder James E. Talmage of the Council cf the Twelve

has just been published by The Gorham Press of Boston, Mas?

This work includes a reries of articles relating to the teach ings of the Church, hitherto published or now in course of pub lication, in manv of the great newspapers of the country; and

as ret forth on the title page, it consists of "Brief Essays on Dis tinctive Doctrines of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints."The Gorham Press has published the book on its own initiative and volition, by permission of the author. Already

numerous requests have been received from thoughtful readers, comprising both members of the Church and nonmembers, that these excellent articles be put out in book form; and the new

publication meets this commendable demand.

We recommend The Vitality of "Mormonism** to the Latterday Saints and others, both as a suitable textbook for classes,

EDITORS'TABLE 637 and for home study and general reading. It may be obtained

at any of the Church book stores.

Heber J. Grant,

Anthon H. Lund,

Charles W. Penrose,

First Presidency.

Salt Lake City, April 9, 1919.

ANNUAL M. I. A. AND PRIMARY CONFERENCE

The twentyfourth General Annual Conference of the Young Men's and Young Ladie's Mutual Improvement Associations, and the Seventeenth

Annual Conference of the Primary Associations of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints will be held in Salt Lake City, on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, June 6, 7 and 8, 1919.

All members are invited, and all officers are particularly requested to be preeent at all of the meetings of the conference; and a cordial in

vitation is extended to the Saints generally to attend the me tings, to be held in the Tabernacle at 2 and 7 p. m., on Sunday, June 8.

A. W. Ivins, Martha H. Tingey,

B. H. Roberts, Ruth M Jox,

Richard R. Lyman, Mae T. Nystrom,

General Superintendency Y. M. M. I. A. Presidency Y. L. M. I. A.

Louie B. Felt,

May Anderson, Clara W. Beebe,

Presidency Primary Association.

The 10 a. m. M. I. A. officars meeting Friday, will be joint; 2 p. m.

separate officers meeting. Reception to officers, Friday evening. Saturday,

10 a. m., joint officers 2 p. m. separate. Final tryouts, public speaking

Saturday evening. Sundav, 8:39 a. m., special joint officers meeting; 10

a. m., joint meeting of officers and members.

Books

The Gorham Press, Boston, Mass., has just put out a work entitled

The Vita Jity of "Mormon ism,"by Dr. James E. Talmage of the Council of

the Twelve. The subtitle summarizes the contents as "Brief Essays on

Distinctive Doctrines cf ihe Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints."

It is interesting and significant to find a publishing house of the high standing of The Gorham Press undertaking on its own initiative and volition to bring out a work on "Mormon"teachings.

The book contains 104 essays, or brief chapters, these comprising the two series of articles published in the great newspapers of the country during the years of 1917 and 1918. The brief style of treatment and the

terse diction, which have made the articles so attractive as separate writings, have been maintained in the compilation, though the separate articles have been classified, and several of them extended by the author. As to mechanical execution, the book is in every particular upto-date as a sample of the

latest and most popular style of bookmaking.

The publishers sought permission of the author to bring out these arti638 IMPROVEMENT ERA

cles in book form in order to meet the steadily growing demand, which has been created through the publication of the separate writings; and, as their

most prominent advertisement of the woik, they employ the following extract of the author's Preface:

I "The message of 'Mormonism'is of summoning interest in the world today. People of serious mind are not satisfied with the unsupported 1 generalization that it is naught but the outgrowth of delusion and error.

"Fungi of fallacy, particularly in the field of modern religious systems, are of no such sturdy growth and wholesome fruitage as the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints has progressively manifested.

"'Mormonism,'misnamed though it be, stands for the principles of eternal truth as enunciated by our Lord Jesus Christ and by his duly commissioned Apostles and Prophets."

The book may be obtained from the publishers direct, or from any of the Church book stores.

Plans of Devices for Measuring Irrigation Water. The Utah Experiment

Station has just published a circular giving plans and directions for the construction of various watermeasuring devices on the farm. The devices recommended are the rectangular, trapezoidal, and triangular weirs, and submerged orifices. Prof. Israelsen, Irrigation Engineer for the Station, author

of the publication, has explained the conditions under which each of these will work most satisfactorily. An important feature of the circular is the

tables for computing the amount of water under various conditions. All the

devices discussed in the circular have proven themselves thoroughly practical, are easily constructed and operated, and are relatively inexpensive, and me?n much to the economical and scientific use of irrigation water.

Free to farmers.

Insect Adventures is the title of the delightfully v, ritten book about insects, which is a translation from the writings of J. Henry Fabre, retold

for voung people by Louise Seymour Hasbrouck, and published by the

World Book Company, Yonkerson-Hudson, New York, 283 pages. The book

is beautifully and appropriately illustrated, and is gotten out in a form which well befits the high quality of the text itself, the two forming a charming volume upon that subject. In one of the chapters is given a very

interesting account of the early years of the author, who was a French schoolteacher and scientist, whose peculiar gift for the observation and description of insect life, won for him the title of "The Insects Homer."

The publishers say, that "nothing else in the world's literature can compare with the writings of this man, who combines the qualities of the most expert scientist with the literary ability that may be reckoned almost genius."

Messages from the Missions

New Chapel, Temperance, Church Publications

Cleeo D. Wright encloses a photograph of elders laboring in the Mahia

conference. They are, standing, from left to right: Raymond W. Hunsaker;

Cleeo D. Wright, clerk; Glen B. Cannon, Leon C. Higginbotham. Sitting:

Ben E. Young; George R. Schofield, conference president; and Eugene C.

Ridges. He writes from Hawkes Bay, N. Z., Feb. 1, 1919: "Elders Young

EDITORS'TABLE 639

and Higginbotham are laboring among the Europeans of Gisborne where, on

February 8, street meetings were begun. The people are friendly, and our

progressive membership there are now bending their efforts to build a chapel.

For the past thirtyfour years 'Mormonism'has been proclaimed to Europeans and Maoris, especially the latter. It is believed that every Maori has

had an opportunity of hearing the gospel. The majority of them admit the

truthfulness of it, but lack stamina to follow its precepts. Horseracing,

gambling and 'drink'are all curses blasting the present generation's possibility of success. In April, a vote is to be taken upon the question of prohibition. Through the energetic and united efforts of all sects and creeds,

let it be hoped, New Zealand will, like other nations, see the economic value derived from the 'temperance'of its individual units.

"The 'yearly conference'is to be held at Nuhoka of this district, where the 'little band of Maori saints'who returned from Zion have made their

1"m m H *-% fe*"Wt& vl TdLEl

x k** \ W m

K'*''

ai &M

home, and we are sure the Saints throughout the island will enjoy listening to their experiences among friends and Saints of Utah. Through the untiring labors of our mission president—Jas. N. Lambert—many problems with

the government have been solved; conference records, reports, etc., have

been greatly improved; chapels erected, and many decided improvements

at the Maori College have been effected. Elder Louis G. Hoagland, for the

last few months, has been unceasingly at work collecting genealogy so that when the Hawaiian Temple is opened all who are interested can take part in the Saints'greatest work, that for their dead. Last year the Book of

Mormon was retranslated and published. Since last conference the Doctrine and Covenants and Pearl of Great Price have also been translated into

the native language, and will be published in a short time. They, too, will

be a wealth of knowledge to our native Saints, and ere long, through the efforts of elders as well as those of the local native missionaries, all will learn more of the divinity of Joseph Smith's mission. The Improvement

Era is read with pleasure by many who do not and will not interest themselves in other Church works. It is also being read in libraries where people are seeing that the doctrines and ethics of 'Mormonism'are worth investigating."

640 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Priesthood the Great Power

Elder Ephraim K. Hanks, Indianapolis, Indiana, encloses this picture

of the Indianapolis missionary force, Southern Indiana conference, Northern

States mission, as follows: Standing, left to right, Gertrude Teeples, Carrie

Hansen, Shelley, Idaho; sitting, Elder Ammon M. Newbold, Preston, Idaho;

Elder Ephraim K. Hanks, Grover, Utah; President Vivian J. Frei, Santa Clara,

Utah; He adds, "The work of the Lord is progressing rapidly in this part

of the mission, and many are investigating and wish to know wherein the great power of the Latterday Saints lies. We testify that it is the power of

God, through the priesthood. In the Indianapolis branch we have had wonderful results in proclaiming the gospel and also in getting our Saints in the

line of their duties. The branch is in good conditon, autd we feel to praise

the Lord for crowning our efforts with success. On the 23rd of March we

had a conference, which was attended by President Ellsworth, who gave us some excellent instructions. Many gathered to hear the word of the Lord,

and special attention was given to the instructive words of President Ellsworth, who proclaimed the gospel bv and through the power of the Lord.

We take great delight in reading the Era."

A Thriving M. I. A. in Holland

Alvin Teuscher, writing from Rotterdam, Holland, January 7, 1919, says:

"Our M. I. A. in this part of the world is thriving. The members are doing

much in distributing the truths of the gospel. On the Prophet Joseph's

birthday, last, a special meeting was held, at which a number of the members, in well chosen words, gave an outline of the work and life of the

EDITORS'TABLE 641

Prophet. Many friends were present. At the close of the meeting, an opportunity was given for debate, and there were some lively discussions,

bringing out valuable truths. We have an enrollment of sixty members. All

are putting forth their best efforts to make our association a success. In our

class work, important religious subjects are being studied. The young

ladies, besides, are extensively aiding the poor in sewing and giving them articles of clothing. The Era is a great help to us. It is always a welcome

visitor. May it long nourish and be a welcome guest to the elders and the

M. I. A. workers in the mission field, as well as at home. The officers in the

picture are: Left to right: Geraldina ten Hoover, second counselor; Jan J.

Roothoff, first counselor; Cornelia L. Welter, president; Alvin J. Teuscher,

president, Raymond, Idaho; Jan H. N. Van Santen, second counselor; Peternella A. van Campenhout, first counselor.

Died in the Field

Elder Alvin N. Smith, of El Paso, Texas, died at Scranton, Pennsylvania,

December 25, 1918, of pneumonia. He was born October 29, 1896, and arrived in the mission field, January 18, 1918, laboring at the time of his death

in the East Pennsylvania conference, where he had been a great influence for good among his associates and friends. He was a hard worker, of a kind

and loving disposition, and won many friends. Elder E. Ray Lyman, president of the East Pennsylvania conference, in a note in Liahona, the Elders'

Journal, says of him: "Whatever task was requested at his hand was performed with a zeal and energy that distinguished him among his associates.

The entire mission extends heartfelt sympathy to his widowed mother and other loved ones at home, who are called to mourn his early death."

ptUAlW

Suggestions to Y. M. M. I. A. Choristers

With the series of twentythree songs for M. I. A. Junior and Senior

boys, which have appeared in the Era, and are now printed under the title,

Y. M. M. I. A. Choruses, it has been thought that the following suggestions

by the composer would be helpful, and would serve to enable the choristers and musical members generally to make a wider use of these attractive and specially arranged pieces for boys and men's voices:

1. If desired, the songs for "Junior Boys"may be sung by boys whose

voices are unchanged, without adding the bass for men or boys with changed voices, the organ or piano furnishing bass by playing all parts written.

2. They may be sung as "duets"with only two boys (with accompaniment) and even as solos, the singer singing the upper part.

3. Girls may sing them also as written, in place of boys.

4. If the bass is added, one man or youth, with changed voice for every

two boys or girls, may render them effectively with or without accompaniment. But be sure that no changed voice, singing an octave lower, be permitted to sing in the upper parts.

5. The song, "Mother,"may be sung as written by a musical voice

quartet or chorus, a soprano, tenor, or boy soprano, singing the solo; or the

two upper chorus parts may be sung by young boys, the two lower parts by men. 6. Every association ought to have a chorus of from six to twenty Junior

boys working upon this splendid material written for their use.

7. The numbers for Senior boys may also be sung in a number of ways,

other than that which the copy calls for.

8. Each may be sung by either a male quartet, or male chorus of any

number (either accompanied or unaccompanied).

9. If high tenors are scarce, the older unchanged voices of boys may be

used for the first tenor.

10. "Land of the Valleys and Mountains,"may be rendered as a duet

by two tenors, accompanied by piano or organ playing all parts.

11. "Dear Old Folks,"may be sung by a baritone, as a solo, the singer

singing the second tenor as the melody (accompanied), while the others could be sung as solos by a tenor or even a soprano voice; it is hardly worth

while to treat men so.

12. It may be not amiss to know that all male quartets or choruses can

be rendered just as written, only an octave higher, by ladies'voices. The

tenors by sopranos, and basses by contraltos, the accompanist playing an octave higher. With these few suggestions, go ahead and do your utmost to

make these songs serviceable, wear them out if you can, more are being made. Evan Stephens.

These pieces are in no sense restricted to M. I. A. service. They are

good in the home, the choir concerts, or other programs, some of them have been rendered publicly by the best choirs in our community already.

A Word to the Accompanist. Often the choristers'"better half,"in

these days when you have had the benefit of much instruction, while the chorister has perhaps only his native ability to draw upon, will, I am sure, be painstaking and patient, aiding the singers to get their parts and especially accidentals correctly. You will also kindly bear in mind that

while complete and perhaps more elaborate accompaniments, upon two sep-

MUTUAL WORK 643

arate staffs, would be vary desirable to you, to get space in a magazine such as the Era for just the voice parts, with a hint note thrown in, here and there, to aid the accompanist to a more complete instrumental part than the voices alone, is, especially in selections the ledst bit extended, taking up all the space it can justly spare for music. To include separate staffs for the

accompaniment and introductions, interludes, etc., as the author would bike,

and feel was really due the songs, to dress them up properly for public use, would mean that several pages would have to be given over to the songs, so bear in mind that while it is trying to thus have to cut down our material, it is, on the other hand, an educational benefit to have to thus economize. By learning to play from the voice parts, you are making a more

superior musician of yourself. All really fine performers have mastered

this accomplishment. Nay, more really accomplished musicians can make

up readily piano or organ accompaniments out of not only a few voice parts, but entire orchestral parts of sixteen, twenty or more separate staffs, reading the whole at once. Now this, perhaps, to you, trying ordeal of putting

four or five voice parts together on one key board, in a shape to agree with and lead the voices (at rehearsals), is the stepping stone to the other still greater accomplishments, while you may here discuss the art of putting much material in little space. Some of these apparently little things would ordinarily be spread out over several pages, and sell at 60c or $1 per copy by the

sheet music publishers, you only pay 45c for 23 pieces of music when you get the Y. M. M.I. A. Choruses.

TEN—SUMMER WORK

Tuesday Evening, June 10 General Subject: Peace Conference Problems.

Reparation and Indemnities Topics 1. What has actuated to settlement of past wars—"To the victor belongs

the spoils."

2. New note in this settlement—Justice.

3. Findings of peace conference regarding reparation and indemnities.

Health Read and reread the health division of the summer program, pub- l;shed in the April Era.

Scouts Should Prepare Scouts should prepare for the "Father and Son Outing."See Summer

program, April Era.

Annual Reports

Secretaries should mail their annual report now to the Stake Secretaries. Please do not neglect this, and stake secretaries should see that

their stake reports are in the hands of General Secretary Moroni Snow, on May 10.

Keep Your Organization Complete

Do not think it is unnecessary to fill vacancies now that the winter's work is over. It is very important that your association always be well

organized and especially so now that we have a first class outline to follow the next few months; and furthermore, since it is planned to have the

Y. M. M. I. A. meet the year round, hereafter, divided into two periods

the winter and summer sessions.

"Jajmn 'Bone Dry,'"is the motto of Mrs. Yakima, who founded the

Women's Christian Temperance Union in Japan, 30 years ago. She has

heen most earnest in her efforts to fight social evil in her country. The

ratification of ihe prohibition amendment in the United States has given her new heart in her drive to make Japan follow suit.

Frederick M. Smith, president of the Reorganite Church tendered his

resignation, though it is not stated whether the resignation was accepted, as president of that organization on April 10, so the dispatches from Lamoni, Iowa, reported. The presiding bishop of that Church, and Twelve

who appear to have equal authority with the president could not agree on how to direct the organization of 300 missionaries. The trouble

arose over the question whether the Twelve or the President should direct.

The Juvenile Court biennial report of Judge C. M. Nielsen,

for two years ending Dec. 1, 1918, filed with Governor Simon Bamberger,

shows that the court, during the period covered, handled a total of 6430 cases. Of this total, 2,459 were cases of minors settled in the homes, and

1,445 out of court. Judge Neilson recently resigned, and attorney Hugo

B. Anderson, formerly justice of the peace, and late chief clerk of the

House of Representatives of the Utah Legislature, has been appointed to fill the vacancy.

Arthur Pratt, born Salt Lake City, March 12, 1853, and son of the late

Elder Orson Pratt of the Council of the Twelve, and Sarah Bates, died in

Salt. Lake City, Utah, March 20, 1919. He was educated in the city schools

and graduated from the University of Utah, under Doctor John R. Park.

He was for a number of years chief deputy United States marshal, under

Frank Dyer. He was also territorial auditor for a number of years. For a

number of years he was warden of the Utah state penitentiary. His widow,

Agnes Caine Pratt, daughter of the late Congressman John T. Caine, and five

children survive him.

The Utah State Fair Association reorganized its board of directors on

March 20. The new officers elected for the coming two years are: president,

W. C. Winder; first vicepresident, James H. Waters; second vicepresident,

John H. Seely; treasurer, George S. McAllister; general manager, D. W.

Parratt. The president will hereafter manage the state fair, and the office

of secretary and managing committee were abandoned. Earl J. Glade will

continue to have charge of the publicity department. The new manager,

D. W. Parratt, will act as secretary and manager of the anual exhibition,

and will be paid three thousand dollars a year.

The Utali Experiment Station has received a special $20,000 appropriation from the State Legislature for experimental work on underground water development.

Investigations conducted by the Experiment Station and the U. S. Department of Agriculture show that vast areas of land in the southwestern

part of Utah contain sufficient underground water for irrigation. The experimental work to be done under this appropriation will be to determine the

PASSING EVENTS 645

best type of well and equipment for various sections of the state. One well

is now being driven in Iron county, and others will be started in different sections of the state soon.

The Puget Sound Traction, Light and Power Company, through its president, A. W. Leonard, transferred, in early April, to Thomas P. Murphine, Superintendent of Public Utilities, of the city of Seattle, Washington,

the equivalent of $15,000,000 in street cars, tracks realestate and buildings.

The city of Seattle thus took over the traction system, and by so doing is credited with being the only city of its class in the United States to acquire an entire street railway system. By this transaction, the city becomes the

owner of 210 miles of street railway track with the overhead and transmission system, 540 street cars, $1,068,000 in real estate and buildings, and about $500,000 in supplies and equipment.

Airship R. 34 is Britain's latest and largest airship that will probably

be one among the ships that will attempt a flight across the Atlantic Ocean.

The ship is 670 feet long, is a tremendous power in both carrying and endurance, and on its initial flight at Clydeside, England, the ship remained aloft four and one half hours. The middle of April will probably see at

least four aviators ready at their starting point for the great try for the crossAtlantic flight. Nine are entered for the fight. The British airmen

will perhaps make the first attempt. The Daily MaiVs $50,000 flight prize

is a great incentive, as well as the great honor and the distinction that shall befall the man who successfully navigates the air. Mr. H. C. Hawker, an

Australian, hopes to start the fly before the United States airmen reach New

Foundland. He is an Australian, and a well known pilot, whose efforts are

being carefully watched.

New Bishops. The following changes were made in"the month of

March East Garland ward, Bear River stake, Eugene S. Hansen succeeded Hans

C. Johnson, address same. Smithfield Second ward, Benson stake, Lorenzo

Toolson succeeded William L. Winn, address same; Iona ward, Bingham

stake, Henry Bodily succeeded Truman C. Barlow, address same. Circleville

ward, Panguitch stake, James O. Meeks succeeded Benjamin Cameron, Jr.,

address same. Riverside ward, Blackfoot stake, Alburn A. Bingham succeeded George H. Smith, address same. Mapleton ward, Oneida stake, James

E. Keeler succeeded Harris A. Stephenson, address same. Weston ward,

Oneida stake, Thomas E. Rose succeeded Yeppa Benson, address same. Lynndyl ward, Deseret stake, Albert L. Hurst, acting bishop, to succeed Elmer A.

JacoK address same. Wendell branch. Boise stake, C. O. Pederson. acting

presiding rider, succeeded Charlfs D. Fox, address same. Provo Sixth ward,

Utah stake, Joseph Nelson succeeded Brigham Johnson, address same.

The Notobacco League of America Enters Utah. We have been requested to publish the following: "The Notobacco League of America has

appointed Fred L. W. Bennett, 1051 South Seventh Easi Street, Salt Lake

City organizing or field secretary for Utah. The League, which has for its

objective the ultimate prohibition of tobacco—as liquor has been prohibited—was established in March, 1915, and the headquarters are at Franklin, Indiana. Special attention is to be paid to the cigarette evil, doing so much

harm to young manhood. The annual membership fee is one dollar, and

every member receives a free subscription for one year to the Notobacco

Journal, an antitobacco magazine published by the league monthly. The

movement is nonsectarian and several non-"Mormons"as well as "Mormons"have already joined the league in Salt Lake City, we are told by the secretary. As soon as sufficient interest has ben aroused in a community a local

branch will be organized there. Full particulars may be obtained from the

local secretary, as above, or from Dr. Homer J. Hall, the general secretary.

646 IMPROVEMENT ERA

A new tunnel under the English Channel, from England to France, is under consideration, and will likely soon be started, and completed in the next four or five years. It is said that it will cost about $20,000,000

The length of the tunnel under the sea is twentytwo miles, the total length would be thirty miles. It would enter the ground some two or three miles

inland behind Dover. The tunnel's advantages over the channel train

ferry, which was the means of a great assistance in war transportation, from England to France, is easily apparent and manifest. Passengers

could be carried to France from England in 45 minutes, and Paris would be but six hours from the English shore. The depth of the water, from

the bottom of the sea to the surface at the deepest place, would be 180 feet.

With this proposed tunnel completed, there would be insured the greatest and fastest method of transportation of men and materials between England and France, which would be of inestimable value in peace as in war.

Members of the Ninetyfirst Division, including the foremost fighting arm of the 362nd infantry, E, F and G companies, also the 2nd battalion headquarters, and the 216th field signal battalions, arrived in New York from overseas, on April 16th, on the steamship Lancaster. The battalion brought

home with it two Utah officers; also three Utah soldiers decorated for exceptional bravery on the battlefield. The officers are Lieutenant Dixon Kappie, of Payson, former star football player with the Utah "Aggies,"decorated with the distinguished service cross, and Lieutenant Dean A. Clark

of 533 North Second West street, Provo, also decorated with the distinguished service cross. The decorated heroes of the battalion are Sergeant

Peter Bosone, of 919 South Thirteenth West street, Salt Lake, who has a distinguished service cross pinned on his breast; First Class Private Edward

Reasoner, of 1982 Windsor street, Salt Lake, who is the modest possessor of a croix de guerre, and Sergeant Howard M. Angell, of Brigham, who also

has a distinguished service cross. All are members of F company. Others

distinguished were Captain John H. Leavell, 816th Engineers, Salt Lake, who

won the distinguished service cross; Henry Ramsay, Salt Lake, distinguished

service cross and croix de guerre; Peter S. Boone, Salt Lake, croix de guerre.

Thomas B. Evans, president of the Ogden Stake of Zion, died April 4,

1919, of general physical decline. He was one of the best disciplinarians

to be found, and a man of sterling character. He was born February 3, 1859,

at Trecknon, Wales; was baptized by his father, confirmed by James Boden,

August 14, 1867; ordained a deacon in 1869, a priest in 1877, and an elder

one year later; came to America in 1878, first going to Wyoming. The active

part of his life was spent in Ogden. For a number of years he was employed by early Utah railroads, rising to be engineer and roundhouse foreman. More than 20 years ago he organized the grocery business known as

T. B. Evans & Co., which he managed and controlled until its dissolution

brought about by his declining health in the fall of 1917. He was one of

the organizers and active members of the Home Dramatic Club, which entertained numerous audiences in Northern Utah for a period of more than eight years. He presided over Ogden stake for the past ten years, since the

old Weber stake was divided into three, making Ogden, North Weber and

Weber. He was formerly a member of the General Sunday School Union

board and the Weber etake Sunday School board; missionary to England and

Wales in 1890; a member of the state industrial school board under Governor Cutler; held the position of food administrator for Ogden and Weber

county dnring the recent war period, and was a member of the board of the

Dee Memorial hospital.

Professor Charles J. Thomas, pioneer musician, died in Salt Lake City,

Monday, March 31, 1919. He was born at Burnley, Lancashire, England,

PASSING EVENTS 647

November 20, 1832, the oldest son of Joseph K. and Margaret S. Thomas.

He early exhibited a fondness and natural ability for music, and when nine years old played with his father at the Theatre Royal. Soon after

he began the study of harmony in London. He joined the Church, September 1, 1850, being at that time engaged as a musician at one of the

pleasure gardens in England. He traveled three seasons with an Italian

opera company, published musical compositions in 1854, and played at the Crystal Palace in 1858, filled several engagments in New York, after his arrival in Americ in June 20, 1860. He was the first orchestral leader in

the Salt Lake Theatre. He filled a mission in 1885-7 to his native land.

He was faithful and active all his days in musical circles in Salt Lake

City, and in Church work. His musical compostions are many and important.

The Golden wedding anniversity of Presiding Bishop Charles W. Nibley

and his wife Mrs. Rebecca Nibaur Nibley, was celebrated at Hotel Utah,

Saturday evening, March 29. They were married in the Endowment House,

Salt Lake City, March 30, 1869, President Daniel H. Wells, performing

the ceremony. The bishop at that time, was only 20 years of age, and

Mrs. Nibley had just turned 18 on the day of their marriage. Bishop

Nibley was born near Edinburgh, Scotland, February 5, 1849, and his estimably wife was born in Salt Lake City, March 30, 1851. Her father was

a well known local Hebrew poet and scholar, and one of his beautiful poems is well known and sung frequently in the congregations of the

Latterday Saints. Its beginning line: "Come, thou glorious day of promise,"refers to the gatherings of Israel in the latter days. No Church leader

is better known than Bishop Charles W. Nibley, whose ability in financial

affairs is only equaled by his unshaken testimony in the restored gospelt and his firm belief, seconded by his daily acts, in the great work of the Lord as established in the world by the Prophet Joseph Smith. The

Era joins the thousands of friends of the happy couple in hearty congratulations upon the auspicious occasion, and every good wish for their continued welfare and happiness.

Mission Changes.—It was announced, on April 18, that John M.

Knight, of Salt Lake City, a member of the Ensign stake presidency, has been called to preside over the Western States mission instead of President John L. Herrick, who is to be released soon.

Winslow Smith, a brother of Elder George Albert Smith of the Council of the Twelve, and son of the late President John Henry Smith, will become presiding authority of the Northern States mission, releasing President German E. Ellsworth.

Announcement of the change in the California mission, by which Elder Joseph W. McMurrin succeeds President Joseph E. Robinson; Bishop

Heber C. Iverson, as president of the Northwestern states mission, succeeds Elder Melvin J. Ballard; E. Wesley Smith, president of the Hawaiian

mission succeeds President S. E. Woolley, and Elder George Albert Smith

of the Council of the Twelve is to succeed Elder George F. Richards, in the

Presidency of the British mission, has been printed heretofore in the Era, and will receive further notice as we get the sketches of the new presidents ready.

Elder Joseph W. McMurrin was set apart on April 17, by President

Heber J. Grant, assisted by the Council of Twelve, to be the President

of the California mission.

Elder Elias Wesley Smith plans to go to the Sandwich Islands in time to take charge of the dedication ceremonies of the Hawaiian temple.

It is also announced that Elder Duncan M. McAlister will soon leave

for the Hawaiian Islands to take charge of the work in the new temple.

648 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Elder McAllister was 77 years of age on the 18th of April. For about

20 years he was recorder of the Salt Lake temple, and later at the St.

George temple. Elder McAllister is wide and well known throughout the

Church and thousands of his friends will congratulate him upon his anniversary and his new appointment, in which the Era heartily joins.

Premier LloydGeorge, in an eloquent speech, lasting an hour and a half, before the House of Commons, on April 16, reported that the Allies at Paris had reached an amicable understanding. He stated that there would

be no intervention in Russia, and no recognition of Bolshivism, and further that he had fulfilled his election promises, including those relating to indemnity from the enemy powers, and punishment of the former German emperor.

"I am here to say that every pledge we hive given is incorporated in the demands put forward by the Allies,"he asserted.

"We stand by them because we believe they are just. We want a peace

that is just, not vindictive. We want a stern peace, because the occasion demands it, but it must be designed not to gratify vengeance, but to vindicate

justice. Every clause and every term in the conditions must be justified.

Above all, we want t i protect the future against a repetition of the horrors of this war."

He sharply criticized certain newspaper attacks made in connection with the peace conference, saying:

"When this kind of disease is carried to the point of sowing dissension between great allies whose unity is essential for the peace of the world, when an attempt is made to make France distrust Great Britain, France to hate America and America to dislike France and Italy, not even that kind of a disease is justification for so black a crime against humanity."

Referring to the necessity of returning peace and reducing armaments, the premier said that the forces of the country which had kept Europe in arms for forty years were to be reduced to an army which would be only adequate enough to police her cities and protect her commerce. There were

suggestions that there might be a war recrudescence in Germany. That was

not a danger, because only with difficulty could Germanv raise 80,000 men to preserve order. The danger, he said, was of the world going to pieces,

adding: "A real danger—the gaunt specter of hunger—is stalking through the

land."He pleaded to all "not to soil this triumph of right by indulging in the angry passions of mankind, but to consecrate the sacrifices of millions to the redemption of the human race from the scourge and agony of war."He

pleaded that "those who were trying to do their best be let alone."

Celebration of Washington's Birthday at St. George, Utah.—Washington's birthday was fittingly celebrated at St. George, under the direction of the Soldiers'Entertainment Committee. The celebration was

gotten up in honor of all returned soldiers of Washington county. Memorial services were held in honor of the following Washington county boys

who laid down their lives in the cause of Liberty and for whom the celebration was especially held: Lester Keate, Lynn McNeill, George D. Felter,

of St. George; Sterling Russell, Grafton; Wallace Gray, Cleon J. Reber, of

Santa Clara; Isaac Heber Langston, Jr., Rockville; Moroni Kleinman,

Toquerville; Alton Hyatt, Enterprise. At sunrise, the Stars and Stripes were

hoisted, accompanied by military salute. The largest parade ever held in

the county, formed on Main Street at 10 o'clock, and after marching through the principal streets, drew up at the public square, where an exhibition drill was given by the soldier boys under the direction of Lieutenant W. J.

Graybill. Some special features of the parade were: General Washington

PASSING EVENTS 649

EXHIBITION DRILL.

By the soldiers of W ashington county, on the Tabernacle Square, St. George,

Utah.

in full Revolutionary military uniform; 100 soldiers, in squard formation; St.

George silver band; aeroplane; supply trucks; supply wagons, drawn by

four mules each; heavy artillery, drawn by six coal black horses, each

near horse being ridden by a soldier; St. George martial band; Red Cross

i'.'oat; Y. M. C. A. overseas huts; Salvation Army truck; ambulance, with

lady driver in uniform; mothers of soldier boys in cars decorated with the

national colors. The aeroplane was driven under its own power by Brigham Jarvis, Jr., of St. George, who constructed it after the plan of an army

scout plane. The Salvation Army entertained the crowd on the square with

special music and singing, and passed doughnuts to the boys immediately aiier they had finished.

At 2 o'clock, memorial services were held in the tabernacle for the departed soldiers. Special places had been reserved in the tabernacle for

the returned soldiers. The building was packed to overflowing. As the

boys entered to occupy their reserved seats, every person voluntarily rose to his feet and stood until the boys were seated. The services were unusually impressive, and will be long remembered by the immense audience

which listened to them. A large service flag hung above the speakers'

stand containing 320 stars, with a beautiful shield just above it, holding a gold star for each boy who had met death in service.

At 5 p. m. the soldiers formed and passed in review before Captain J. X.

Gardner of Pine Valley, after which they stood retreat while the band played the national anthem and the colors were lowered.

At 8:30 p. m. a reception was held in the gaily decorated Gymnasium

building of the Dixie Normal College, where a short and appropriate program was rendered in welcome to the returned boys, after which the evening was spent in dancing.

The Soldiers'Entertainment Committee, who arranged the program for the day, deserves much credit for the interest taken. The membership of

this committee was appointed by Mayor Albert E. Miller, of St. George,

shortly after the first registration day, in 1917, and the committee has given a farewell party for each soldier, or group of soldiers, as they left for the training camps, from that time until the armistice was signed. The committee is composed of the following members: William Brooks, chairman; E. M. Hall, Urie MacFarlane, W. O. Bently, Jr., A. Y. Milnes, R. A.

Morris, Jr., and William M. Mace.

650 IMPROVEMENT ERA

William Budge, former president of the Logan temple, and a wellknown resident of Cache Valley, and prominent for many years in Church and civic work in northern Utah and southern Idaho, died at his home in Logan,

March 18, 1919, of old age. He was born at Lanark, Lanarkshire, Scotland,

May 1, 1828, thus being nearly ninetyone years of age at the time of his death. He was a son of William Budge and Mary Scott; joined the Church

December 31, 1848, laboring fo/ ten years as a local missionary, beginning

February, 1851, his field of labor extending over Scotland and England. He

also did missionary work in Italy, Switzerland, and Germany. He came to

Utah in 1860, being captain of a company of 400, while crossing the plains.

He first settled at Farmington, then in Providence, Cache county; and, in

1870, he went to Paris, Idaho, being sent by President Brigham Young, and was made presiding bishop of the Bear Lake settlements. Later, in 1877, he

was chosen first president of the Bear Lake stake. He was appointed president of the European mission, in 1878, and did missionary work abroad

until 1880; returning home he was elected Bear Lake county's first member

in the Council of the Idaho legislature, and later served in the Idaho State

Senate. In 1906, he was called to Cache county to preside over the Logan

temple and remained in that service until about a year ago, when, because of his advanced years, he was succeeded by President Joseph R. Sheppard.

He held many positions of honor, both in the Church and in the state. He

was a father of 34 children, twentyfive of whom are living, and the family are among the most prominent residents of Utah and southern Idaho, including Churchmen, physicians, lawyers and other professional men. He and

President Charles W. Penrose married sisters, and have been lifelong

friends. In President William Budge, the Church and State had a man of

genuine stability and stalwart character.

Study for the Priesthood Quorums for 1919

By action of the General Committee on Coures of Study for the Priesthood, taken at a meeting October 10, 1918 it was decided that a book to contain selections from the doctrinal writings and sayings of President Joseph F. Smith would be used

as a text for the Melchizedek Priesthood Quorums and Classes for the year 1919.

It was also decided by the committee that it would not be the best policy to prepare a special text book for the Priests for 1919, since most of the Priests are in military service. It wa9

therefore recommended that a book entitled, The Ancient Apostles, by Elder David O. McKay, be the Priests'text book for the

year 1919.

It was also decided that the text book for the teachers for the year 1919 be the same book as that for the Priests; namely,

The Ancient Apostles, by Elder David O. McKay.

The text book adopted for the Deacons for the year 1919, it was decided, would be Incidents from the Lives of our Leaders.

It is designed by the committee to prepare an outline or guide for the study of the book containing the doctrinal writings and sayings of President Joseph F. Smith, for the use of

class teachers and students.

2HIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIII Illimil Illlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll Illlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll Illlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll

1I JOSEPH WILLIAM TAYLOR Utah's Leading Undertaker and Licensed Embalmer f

Fine Funeral Chapel, Private Parlor, Chapel and Morgue

OFFICE OPEN DAY AND NIGHT TELEPHONE WASATCH 7600 I 21, 23 and 25 South West Temple Street, Salt Lake City, Utah

llllllllllllllllilllllllllilllllllll lilNIIIIKIIIIItltllllllllllllllllMIIEIIIIIIIMIIlll lllllllllMllllllllllilMiltllllllllllllllltlllllllltllllllMIIIMIIUIMIllllllllllllllUlllllllllllllllliri

Improvement Era, May, 1919 Two Dollars per Annum Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter

Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103t Act of

October 3, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918

Address, 20 Bishop's Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

Heber J. Grant, { Edward H. An&ersonjlusiness Mgr.

EditorsEdward H. Anderson, \ Moroni Snow, Assistant

TABLE OF CONTENTS

American Sailors Visit the Famous Roman

Forum Frontispiece America and Italia. A Poem Alfred Lambourne 557

A Tribute and a Warning A. A. Ramsey er 559

The NinetyFirst or "Wild West Division"..James Crookston 561

"Contemptible British Army"in the Streets of

Cologne 562 The Way to Wealth Benjamin Franklin 563

Constructive Hints to Ward Choir Conductors.... Brigham Cecil Gates 570

There's a Crystaline Sea. A Poem Annie G. Lauritzen 573

Comrades in Song. Male Chorus Evan Stephens 574

Outlines for Scout Workers. Illustrated Delbert W. Parrott, B. S 580

Spartacans vs. Government Troops in Berlin.

Photos 583 How Elsa Came From Germany. A Story Annie D. Palmer 584

TransAtlantic Flight. Photos 595

Home Poems 596 The Superior Man Lloyd O. Ivie 600

Memorial Day. A Poem Will Dobson 602

President Wilson is Greeted in Boston 603

Continuation School Law of Utah 7. B. Ball 604

Irrigation and Education.—IV Prof. O. W.lsraelsen 608

President Joseph F. Smith. A Poem George H. Brimhall 609

Hunting the Wild Boar Dr. John F. Sharp 610

Future Rewards Joseph Fielding Smith 621

Over the Hills. A Poem Ezra J. Poulsen 624

The Horrible Toad George H. Maughn 625

His Return. A Story Claude T. Barnes 626

Mothers'Day in the U. S. A. A Poem Sarah E. Hawley Pearson......... 629

The Contact Nephi Jensen 630 A Church Upto-Date Elder James E. Talmage 632

Editors'Table—The Power of Song Prest. Heber J. Grant 634

General Conference Notice First Presidency 636

Official Announcement First Presidency 636

M. I. A. and Primary Conference 637

Books 637 Mesages from the Missions 638 Mutual Work 642 Passing Events 644 giimmimmiiimmim Mini ilium iiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiii iiiiiiiiniiiiii minim mil iiiimiiiiimimimui iiiiiiiiuinc

(MKiMiSfflMj

America's Most Distinguished Material

For Memorials

"Used in such famous memorials as the Joseph Smith at

Sharon, Vermont; the Hyrum Smith at Salt Lake City; the

Philip D. Armour at Chicago; the "Uncle Joe"Cannon

Family memorial at Danville, 111.; the U. S. Senator Gordon at Los Angeles, Cal.; and thousands of others.

"See your dealer for further information, or write for free booklet, "The Rock of Ages."

Boutwell, Milne & Varnum Company,

Dept. 0., Montpelier, Vermont.

"QUARRIES AT BARRE, VT.,

THE GRANITE CENTER OF THE WORLD"

- 1 1 1 1 1 [ 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 J 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 rs 1 1 1 1 1 ) 1 1 1 t 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 l i ill 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 r 1 1 1 1 f i t 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 m 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 t 1 1 1 m 1 1 m h 1 1 1 1 1 r 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 j 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 r i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 j r i < 1 1 1 1 1 1 j i i7t

SILO CORN THE WONDER CROP FOR DAIRY FARMERS

P-W's Utah Grown [mproved Learning is the biggest cropping Silo or Fodder,

Corn ever grown in the West. It is adaptable to most sections. Truly a wonrLrful crop for every farmer. Write for full details. Remember also we have

everything else in Seeds and Trees.

PORTERWALTON CO.

SEED AND NURSERY SPECIALISTS SALT LAKE CITY

ASSETS LIFE INSURANCE Protects your family if you die MORE

THAN A Protects you if you live

MILLION Ask about our plan which helps you to accumulate DOLLARS an estate at the same time yoi are protecting your family.

WE WANT GOOD AGENTS IN EVERY TOWN

Beneficial Life Insurance Company

Jo.ph F. Smith. Pnwident Vermont Bid*, Salt Lake Lorenzo N. Stohl.VicPr. fie Mr.

TheVitalityof Mormonism By DR. JAMES E. TALMAGE

A book you should read Price $1.50

Sympathy Is Grateful When you're sorrowing. But it doesn't SUNDAY SCHOOL

pay bills. An insurance policy is full

of the right sort of sympathy when UNION BOOKyour property is destroyed. And no

one should neglect to secure protection STOREagainst such a contingency. We give

you the maximum of insurance at nrnimum of cost. Let us quote you rates, 44 East on South Temple

Salt Lake City, Utah HomeFire Insurance Co. of Utah

Salt Lake City, Utah. 22 Main Street.

"Keep Money at Home.**

when writing to advertisers, please mentionthe improvement era

Jllllllll rilllllllllll lit llll II III llll HUM

IlllllllllllllllNewII I 111 III III III I II I II 1 1 II IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIBook A By Dr. James E. Talmage

The Vitality of Mormonism This work consisting of 360 pages is published by the Gorham Press, | Boston Mass., and comprises the articles written by Dr. Talmage and published in many of the great and influential newspapers of the country.

The book contains all the articles published up to the time of its issue.

BOUND IN CLOTH, $1 50 POSTPAID

Deseret News Book Store 6 Main Street

iiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiriMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniitiiiniiiiiiiMiiiiiiMiiiiiitiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiifMiiii.

a? *R ANY of our American boys at the front wore

Overalls made in SCOWCROFT'S Neverrip

Overall factory. The Government took our

entire output for several months. We now

have <me hundred fifty Utah boys and girls manufacturing

SCOWCROFT'S Neverrip Overalls SCOWCROFT'S Neverrip Mechanic Suits

SCOWCROFT'S Neverrip Khaki Pants and Coats

SCOWCROFT'S Neverrip Riding Pants

SCOWCROFT'S Neverrip Allovers for Children

SCOWCROFT'S MadeRite Work Shirts.

When you are buying any'of the above items, ask for

Scowcroft's Neverrips. Take no others. Solid comfort

in every pair. No scimping. "Ask the man who has worn

a pair."JOHN SCOWCROFT & SONS CO.

Manufacturers OGDEN, UTAH Sfe

5n$oliday Machine c |/WaAV 'mpany 50 STORES DIRECTORS IN JOSEPH F. SMITH GEO. T. ODELL W. 8. McCORNICK G. G. WRIGHT UTAH

THOMA8 R CUTLER JAMES. H. MOYLE AND WILLIAM SPRY C. S. BURTON

HEBER SCOWCROFT JAS. L. WRATHALL,W. W ARM8TRONG MALCOLM A KEY8ER IDAHO

R. P. MORRIS GRANT HAMPTON

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA