FEATURED IN THIS ISSUE:

TRAGEDY OR DESTINY ELDER SPENCER W. KIMBALL

MAKING CONFLICTS WORK FOR US J. JOEL MOSS, PH.D.

TEACHERS AND THE PERISHABLE PRODUCT i- Wmi.!

NEIL J. FLINDERS

PLUS 15 OTHER THOUGHTPROVOKING FEATURES

The Improvement Era March 1966

There are a lot of reasons % Outstanding visitors and resischool. to going summerEnjoy for in dent faculty Extensive course their get degrees Some

less than four years; others offerings in fiftytwo departSummer School on renewreceiveteachingadvancedcertificates,degrees, ments Special conferences,

make up courses, catch up workshops, institutes, seminars in with their class, qualify for many areas, d Cultural and the beautiful, cool graduation, take advanspiritual enrichment through contage of special workshops.

certs, lectures, plays, devotionals,

But there are other reaWorld-famous atassemblies people # sons why moreBYU campus largest tend Utah's summer Hike Timpanogos and outdoor school—at BYU. They can recreation nearby # Campus study on one of the nation's

most beautiful campuses, recreational and social activities in air conditioned build- 9 Four swimming pools on camings, get superior academic, cultural and religious pus Most modern buildings, offerings with all the vacaclassrooms and laboratories.

tion extras.

For a free summer school catalog write to Summer School Director, Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah.

First Term, June 13—July 15

Second Term, July 18—Aug. 19

Brigham Young University

r* to send How Exploring money the to missionaries Universe

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr. without

TEMPERATURE AND GROWTH transfer cost

Microorganisms from the hot springs of Yellowstone National

Park have been collected and tested for the maximum temperature at which growth could take place. Dr. \B

Ellis S. Kempner of the National

J,* "p Institute of Arthritis and Metabolic i(CJSHIEK'![CJSKIER's ChF(.

Diseases, a using technique based jfiViistw vj*fiCz3] 1 utilize to the ability radioactiveon phosphorus, found no growth above 163 F.

y

METRIC SYSTEM COMING First Security Bank offers a special service for families or sponsors remitting funds to missionaries in the field. We provide either bank

Eventual conversion to the metric drafts for foreign destinations or cashier's checks free of charge, system of units now seems certain regardless of the amount—and they are cashable anywhere.

in the United States since the Whether your missionary is in the United States or abroad you may

British have begun the change to safely send any amount required, and there are no delays because take place in the next ten years. In you send the bank draft or cashier's check yourself. Both are readily

Britain press and industry reactions available at any one of our 97 banking offices in 76 Intermountain indicate that the change there is communities. There is a First Security Bank near you.

both desirable and inevitable. The

conversion from the inchpound system to the meter would place the United States on common basis For safe, sure and low cost handling ofyour own money, with the rest of the world, with First Security provides:

India, China, Japan, USSR, andother countries already changed BANK MONEY ORDERS—ideal for people who have an

or in the process. Though generally occasional need to send money. They are redeemable anywhere,

used in some branches of industry completely safe and cost considerably less than postal money orders.

as well as universally in science,conversion costs of machine tools CHECKING ACCOUNTS—Choose either our REGULAR or

and other parts of the economy payas-yougo CHECKWAY plans. A generous supply of checks

affected will probably be made comes with your name and address printed FREE with either soon by the Department of Comaccount. Come in and see which is best for you.

merce. Since 1866 the metric system

has been legal in the United States by Congressional authorization. First Security Banks

Members Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation

MARCH 1966 161 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Contents for March 1966 Volume 69, Number 3

Church Features ART AND PHOTO CREDITS

The Editor's Page: Short Sermons from the Pen of President David O. McKay, Art161, 164, 256Ed Maryon

President David O. McKay - 174 184—Douglas186Ted NagataJohnson

Your Question: Temporal and Spiritual Law, President Joseph Fielding Smith 176 199Warren192—Jeanne LindorffLuch

The Church Moves On, 172; Melchizedek Priesthood: Fathers, Sons, and Their Priesthood, 200,202Phyllis220 224DaleLuch Kilbourn

220; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 222. 204Ralph Reynolds

206Trevor Southey 208 -Judy Capener Special Features 248251-Sherry Johnson

Preston Nibley Passes Away, Albert L. Zobell, Jr 166 Lettering174, 181, 182, 192, 200, 208The Chinese Book of Mormon 170 Maurice Scanlon

Tragedy or Destiny, Spencer W. Kimball 178 Photographs166, 179, 190Deseret News

Achievement and Eternal Progression, John H. Gardner 181 241, 246, 247, 252, 253Eldon

Spirit Memories, President Joseph F. Smith - 182 243, Linschoten244, 245Brigham Young

Home Happiness 184 University Making Conflicts Work for Us, /. Joel Moss, 186

Genealogy: Priesthood Genealogy Program for 1966 190

Since Cumorah: The Bible, the Scrolls, and the Book of Mormon: A Problem

of Three Bibles (continued), Hugh Nibley 196

Teaching: Teachers and the Perishable Product, Neil J. Flinders 198

The San Bias People and the Church, Leslie O. Brewer 200

The Goodness of People, Annie Von Tungeln 202

Coal Is Hardened Sunlight, B. Coursin Black 204

"The House of Judah Shall Walk with the House of Israel,"

Carol Lynn Wright 206 Three Little Words, Shirley Dever 208

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 211, 228, 232

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 161; These Times: Understanding Current

Issues: Some Contributions from Past American Experience, G. Homer Durham, 164; Letters

and Reports, 169.

The Era of Youth 241 The Last Word 256 Family and Home Features Today's Family, Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Marching Along 224 Home, Sweet Home 227

Stories, PoetrySing No Sad Songs, Roberta Fleming Roesch 192

Poetry 180, 210, 212, 229, 231, 234, 239, 240

The Improvement Era Offices, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

Editor; L. L. L. Green, Richard David Albert ond Zobell, Evans, O. Jr., Research Managing Doyle E. Carter McKay Grant, Darold M. THE COVER

B. Editorial Associates; Pinnock, Todd, Gabbott, Florence Today's Jones Family Marlowe, Editor; Mabel M.Editors; Era Hanks, The D. MarionEditor; Jay

Editor; Editor; Director; Youth Associate Era Art The Era Montague, Keith Youth Elaine Cannon, Art The Reynolds, Director; General of Ralph of ofNormanYouth the Pacific"over "Sunset Artist. F. Price, Staff

caught Photographer was by S. Nibley, Editors. Gardiner, B. A. G. Harris, Sperry. Contributing Sidney Durham, Franklin Hugh Alma Homer

B. near Lucien Eureka, Bown Smith, S. Manager; Jaoobsen, Associate F. Carlos G. General General Subscription Manager; Scott, A. Business Jr.,Florence Snarr, Jr., Verl Manager; Glen

California. Director; Representatives. Advertising Evans, Smith, Thayer S. Glenn

Superintendent, Men's Mutual Association Saints, of Christ of Latterday Young of Jesus Improvement Church published 1966, and The by the Mutual General

Associations of Christ reserved. Latterday rights of Improvement All of Jesus Subscription in The Church a year, subscripmultiple price, $3-00 advance;

tions, $5.75; 3 years, $8.25; the 2 years, to price. year, each succeeding three $2.50 year a year addedSaints.

Entered of Octoberat the1917,PostauthorizedOffice, SaltJuly Lake2, 1918.City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act

is for not responsible unsolicited for manuscripts The Era contributions. are welcomes Manuscripts paid but at the rate on acceptance of 2$

sufficient a be for wordImprovement delivery must accompanied by and postage return. and lithographed Cover

is days'for notice Thirty required of change address. recent include address ordering a issue please a of the magazine. change, Address slip from When Deseret by News Pressin full color is changes old the unless the well as cannot as be included. address one made new

162 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—books that will be companions for life. Books that are important and worthwhile, books that deepen

your understanding of the Gospel... these are the kind of books you'll find at Deseret Book stores

everywhere. Or write for any of the following fine selection.

FARAMJS

Of THE KINGDOM

lh: v Mntf'm-Wrtl HEBj

an/

J2.CURTAIN TIME USA—5. THE TESTIMONY OF

of Inspiration Ambassadors J. HEBER GRANT by Jay M.Todd Gerrit de $3.95 by $1.75 Jong

Here, for the first time, is told the Dr. De Jong has written a valuable

charming and thrilling story of the book that enables us all to enjoy the

BYU troupe of entertainers that took deep spiritual insight, the burning the world by storm. While on a trip for testimony, and the wise advice of this

COMPREHENSIVE HISTORY the State Department they captured revered former President of the Church.

the hearts of audiences foreign in many - OF THE CHURCH edition student (Size 6"x 9") countries. "Curtain Time will be 6. AMERICAN RELIGIONS AND USA "RISE THE OF MORMONISM by H. Brigham Roberts

Milton enjoyed by the whole family. by Jr. $4.95 V. Backman, I, II, III Volumes each $4.50

Here you can follow the magnificent I3.WHEN YOU SPEAK IN An excellent guide to comparative restory of the restoration through the CHURCH by Emerson R. West$3.95 ligion. The author clearly explains the

early years to the Nauvoo period to You'll find this a handy guide to more history and doctrines of leading relithe great exodus to the Salt Lake effective talks in Church... how to gions, showing how the emergence of

Valley. In detail you will learn of the give meaning and purpose and power "Mormonism"was necessary and, in

many problems that faced the Church, to your message. Every member of the a way, inevitable. Worthwhile reading

the personalities that shaped the "MorChurch will reap benefits from reading for every Latterday Saint.

mon"heritage. Chapter headings in- "When You Speak in Church."I7.GROWING UP IN THE

clude "Aftermath of the Carthage PARABLES OF THE KINGDOM CHURCH by Jean C. Crowther $1.95

Tragedy,""Events in Missouri,""Sucby Melvin R. Brooks $2.50 Through a fictional family we are incession of the Presidency,""Repeal of A deeply spiritual book that will enrich troduced to the doctrines and practices

the Nauvoo Charter,"and "Life in the your understanding of God's dealings of the Church. As they progressively

Salt Lake Valley."with men. Based on parables and "grow up"in the Church, so does the

sacred stories the author has woven a reader gain an increasing understandrich and meaningful book that will be ing of many aspects of the Restored

WRITE NOW valued by all Latterday Saints. Gospel.

Deseret Book Company, 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah or 777 South Main, Orange, California

Please send me book (s) No. 12 3 4 5 6 7 (circle those wanted)

total total or cost.* cost.* order for for Enclosed is a check account money Bill my ]

include if sales tax if sales tax resident a are HeseretCOM P AN Y Book include 'Always of Utah, you are V/2% you 4% a resident of California ordering from 777 South Main in Orange. 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND AT COTTONWOOD MALL

Name 2472 WASHINGTONSALT LAKEBLVD..,CITY OGDEN

Address 777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA

City.... State. Zip.

Era. March 66

MARCH IS66 163 CEDAR CREST 1 >t BOYSiiiiiiiiiiii[iiiiniiiiaft iii.mn.iM.mimm.iu.RANCHwvxmmimmmmmmmwmmmmmaimt''% <i

GATEWAY TO A BOYS WORLD Understanding Current Issues:

provides Ranch Crest Boys Cedar dedicated staff professional to Some Contributions from Past a social physical, spiritual and the 16 American Experience thru of boys 8 development

Located 6 miles from Manti Utah at the edge of beautiful and rugTHESE TIMES

National La Sal Manti ged Forest By Dr. G. Homer Durham State Palisade adjoining and

Boating Park President, Arizona State University, Tempe

For further information write Cedar Crest Boys Ranch

P.O. box 8093 Salt Lake City Utah 84108 In October 1635 Roger Williams, How much freedom for the inprotege of Sir Edward Coke and dividual can there be, compared to

a graduate of Pembroke College, the necessity for controlling and

Cambridge University, a teacher directing him? Consider traffic, MOVED TO of the Pilgrim Church in both drivers'licenses, selective service,

NEW LOCATION Salemsetts, wasandtriedPlymouth,before theMassachuGeneral admissioncollege. Whatto andaboutgraduationgroups? fromCan

Court of Massachusetts for main- a single will, either an individual's

Our beautifully done new albums taining that civil authority had no or a likeminded group's, be pernow contain an easyto-use ready jurisdiction over man's conscience. mitted to dominate the governreference on many popular subjects. For spreading such "new and danment? Shall American society be

We are producers of the following gerous opinions,"Williams was open for immigration, outmigra- albums: convicted, sentenced, and banished tion? freedom of movement within,

ALBUMS from the colony. In January 1636 choice of residence, occupation,

$57.50 Mormon Book of exarrest, family left Salem, escaping he what ties? To and schooling,

32.95 Doctrine and Covenants shall these Island. tent and Providence, founded Rhode to whom 10.95 Price of Pearl Great

Triple Combination 92.50 Within a few years he could write: avenues be closed? To what extent

Jesus the Christ 49.95 "We have not felt the new chains shall authority be exercised by

44.95 Testament New of tyrants, the Presbyterian as distinguished from lonor central

of in 700 different titles stock over Also have in this cal officers? colony been conrecordings. have we sacredtype religiousor

GIFT ITEMS sumed with the overzealous fire Through the issue of freedom

Hallmark cards - Candy - Flowers - Figurines of the (socalled) godly Chrisversus control runs the question

Supplies Books and Religious tian of of magistrates."national public psychology,

or Record Store or nearest Book your Contact institufaith and confidence in our happens to the claims of What Inc. Recordings, Covenant

Street State South 1470 City, 84115 liberty, unity, security, control in a tions, in our ability to meet probUtah Salt Loke 487-1 096 highly organized, interdependent, lems, as contrasted with the fear ">-|i!S:w industrial society wanting maximum and the insecurities that character-

I freedom but surrounded by aggresize human society.

sive, militant, crowded societies? The basic principles of our conAmerican political experience stitutionalism were imported in the

from the time of Roger Williams to seventeenth century, severely tested the present is an exercise in such and hammered out in the American problems. The result has been a wilderness. The surviving elements

rather tough and durable "conwere placed in the Constitution of stitutionalism."1787. Our people have had suffi164 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

cient faith and public spirit thereCHOOSE ANY after to breathe continuous new life into this instrument. The recent trend, however, which TWO BOOKSmust be seriously considered, is the FREE!

return of the psychology of insecurity and fear which characterized 0dtcr wilderness.the dark American

m(f P->\. sowai the '|Hil*CpiltCi fc the French,Foreign menaces,

Spanish, as well as the Indians, were felt keenly in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries. The recent return of insecurity and fear 1. MINUTE 2. A LETTER 3. A LETTER TO 4. MODERN 5. SO WELL

as a significant part of our national MASTERPIECESLucy Gertsch TOOra PateMY StewartSON OraMY PateDAUGHTERStewart AlbertPARABLESL. Zobell, EXPRESSEDH. George Bickerstaff

psychology, based on foreign menaces, is largely a consequence of the success of the Red Chinese in tttOMSW Wtfcfl the Korean War. The growth of SwMefe

international communism as a new Thorm 1 political force became suddenly apparent. When the Soviet Union was

weak in the 1920's and the 1930's, 6. JEWELS OF 7. THOUGHTS 8. TREASURED 9.G0LDEN NUGGETS 10. WHY I

the American people were prone to THOUGHT FOR TALKS STORIES OF THOUGHT BELIEVE apply Roger Williams'notion of Bryan Gardner Albert L. Zobell, Jr. Lucy Thomson Ezra L. Marler James Edward Clark

liberty of conscience to communists, as to Baptists, well as Morwhen you join LDS Books Club, and make your first Quakers, and Roman Jews,mons,

Catholics. With the ending of regular Club selection from any of the books below

II the emergence andWorld War first Join Club Books you regular must and you LDS your now make later the Union, Sovietof the and will receive of choice your of any two the any selection from Club now great as world Chinese,Red illustrated of the free. above books illustrated For books below. every from feeling changed thepowers,

quality are hard editions bound regular of four Club selections purto All tolerancebland, goodnatured bestselling books. LDS

will a receive chased you dismay. valuable of concern. came Thenone

In this context it may be useful To qualify for this free bonus offer, bonus book free—a savings of 20%.

to review aspects of the colonial heritage. In recent decades the MAKE YOUR FIRST CLUB SELECTION FROM THE FOLLOWING BOOKS:

ideas of the colonial period, al13. THOUGHTS 11. PATHWAYS TO in the newfound exuberantthough 12. THE 2 1/? FOR MINUTE HAPPINESS LIFE ABUNDANT of a challenge newfreedom and TALKS 0. by David B. by Hugh R. to by Lindsay too interpreted beworld, were McKay Brown Curtis

0. restrained. Perhaps David exMcKayconfined and Articles, speeches and Timely lessons and plains the for need addresses conference threat fascinating thoughts everyday the overlookedwe te A mples. prized published. before never talks. for Splendid classic. Church cold, storm, invasion, famine,of all. for reading $3.95 $3.95 raids $3.00 on Indian attackforeign and

in the thinking. who,their Those

WHAT DOTH 14. THE MAGIC 15. THE MISSOURI 16. the writings found1920's and 30's, IT PROFIT OF PERSECUTIONS MORMONISM

of John Cotton, John Winthrop, by Earl Stowell by B. H. Roberts by Sterling W.

Sil! Explains the dayby- narrow, archaic, and historical others A movingand

operation of the day of Saints'account the The truths and wisfind in them todaycrabbed for Especially may Church. sacrifice of the ages heroism and dom

converts. in in Missouri. easyto-read sented of realism. notions basicsome pre

forceful terms. 3.50 $3.50 "nasty, of life being notionHobbes'

brutish and short"may have more $3.50

meaning this year than to a previPlease send the following free bonus books: (circle two

ous generation. numbers) 10 123456789 then, briefly, at a look us Let

Also, following circled send the book(s) first Club as my colonial ideas slice of from ourthin selection: 13 16 14 15 n 12

heritage. 1. First, note John Cotton ( 1585isCheckenclosedor moneyfor myorderfirstinClubthe selection.amount of $

1652) and his Letter to Lord Say Enroli me as a member and send me monthly reviews. I hereby agree to purchase

minimum of 4 regular Club selections or alternates during next at the 12 months 1636. year in the Seleand In an athe regular advertised price for (premium book joining not does a reguqualify as brethlar Puritan the or alternate). Club selectionearlier resign at exchange after time any four I may purchasing

I accept, I will receive a valuable bonus book free—aren of Boston had attempted to books.saving ofFor20%.each 4 books

their justification clearmake of DS BOOKS CLUB, INC. NAME as a conditionchurch membership

ADDRESS ( Continued on page 239 t LakeP.O. City,Box 400Utah 84101

CITY STATE...ZIP.

(Good only in U.S. and Canada. Residents of Utah add 3VS% Sales Tax.) 3-66

MARCH 1966 t65 Preston Nibley, Noted He was active in the auxiliaries of the Church first in Logan and then Salt Lake City, beginning in 1911. The

Church Writer, Passes Away records in the general YMMIA offices indicate that

BY ALBERT I. ZOBEL.L, JR. Preston Nibley attended his'first meeting as a memRESEARCH EDITOR ber of that general board on February 27, 1919 and

served until being released March 13, 1929.

Called as president of the Northwestern States

Mission, he served from January 1937 to October 1940. One of the highlights of his life, he humbly

recalled, was that he, as mission president, in June 1938 organized the first mission branches in Alaska.

Missionary effort was attempted in Alaska as early as 1907, and again in 1913 and 1928; but with the organization of the Anchorage and Fairbanks branches,

consistent missionary work moved forward. Today

several stakes and missions (including Alaska Stake) comprise the Northwestern States Mission as he knew and directed it.

Writing was his field. A generation of the Church

grew to maturity watching his historical writings appear serially in the "Church Section"of the Deseret

News. Many of his books first were introduced to the

readers that way. His printed words were vivid; Elder

Nibley had access to the accounts of the pioneers and the churchmen who had lived those experiences, and he permitted them to tell their story.

Preston Nibley, 81 years of age, author, compiler, Some of the books he wrote, others he compiled, lecturer, missionary, mission president, aide in the and others he edited and annotated. The important

auxiliaries of the Church, and former assistant church titles are:

historian, passed away in a Salt Lake City hospital Brigham Young: The Man and His Work, Brigham

January 2, 1966, of a heart ailment. Young: The Man and Leader, Exodus to Greatness,

He was born at Logan, Utah, May 26, 1884, the Faith Promoting Stories, Inspirational Talks for Youth, son of Charles W. and Ellen Ricks Nibley. His father loseph Smith the Prophet, LDS Stories of Faith and

was later called to be Presiding Bishop of the Church Courage, Missionary Experiences, Pioneer Stories, by President Joseph F. Smith and as Second CounPresident David O. McKay, Sharing the Gospel with

selor in the First Presidency by President Heber Others: Excerpts from the sermons of President

J. Grant. [George Albert] Smith, Stalwarts of Mormonism,

He served a mission in Germany, 19031905, serving Three Mormon Classics, The Presidents of the Church, part of the time as president of the Berlin Conference The Witnesses of the Book of Mormon, History of (District). Upon returning he studied at the UniverJoseph Smith by His Mother, Lucy Mack Smith.

sity of Chicago. He joined the church historian's staff in February

He married Ann Parkinson, September 18, 1908, in 1946. At the general conference, April 1957, he was

the Logan Temple. Three daughters and a son blessed sustained as an assistant church historian. Here he

their marriage. functioned until poor health forced his retirement,

Writing became his life's endeavor, and he was a October 31, 1963. At the time of his death he was a

staff member of newspapers in Logan and Salt member of the historic sites committee of the Church.

Lake City. A number of the General Authorities were in

During 1909 (the centennial year of Abraham attendance at the funeral services January 5. Speakers

Lincoln's birth) The Improvement Era published included Elder LeGrand Richards of the Council "Lincoln and the Latterday Saints"by Preston Nibley. of the Twelve and Elder Alma Sonne, assistant to

Thus began a strong and welcome byline that was the Twelve. A message was read there from Presito be a part of this magazine for more than a half dent David O. McKay.

century. His last article for the Era, "Early Guides The Improvement Era extends to the family of

on Temple Square,"appeared in March 1963. He was Elder Nibley the sympathy befitting these sacred

equally generous with his time and talents to the hours. Thank you for sharing his life with us. He

other publications of the Church. indeed made our lives richer.

166 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tt happened at our El Segundo, California, refinery

Every mother wants to raise her family in a safe and friendly atmosphere

When the little hummingbird set up housekeeping Standard Oil works for this, too—through research,

in a Standard Oil refinery, she paid us a high joint efforts with public authorities, the loan of top compliment. scientists to pollution control projects in your

She didn't know that our Company had invested community's interest.

millions to remove smoke and vapors from the Whether it's protecting natural resources, scenic refinery atmosphere, but she found it highly comareas and wild life... guarding water resources

patible—and she's an expert judge of air. The against pollution... or preventing contamination

refinery's human neighbors also benefit. of the air in our busy cities... Standard Oil is

Clearing smoke and smog from the atmosphere of dedicated to conservation—on important part of

whole cities will be a more complex problem, but our responsibility to you.

(P. S. The baby hummingbirds were as pretty as their mother.)

The ChevronSign of excellence STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

MARCH 1S66 1B7.*mm YfTT -tffUlf*,

ijfc *NjjJ[ 'QB 35 j

-, - Hurry Free Worry Free Travel

The pleasure of hurryfree, worryfree travel is yours for the taking when you plan your vacation or business trip on one of Union Pacific's crack Domeliners.

Nothing could be finer than dinner in the diner—or your favorite beverage in the

loungeor the magnificent view from the domes. Family Fare savings apply to both Pullman

and Coach travel. And have you heard? U.P.'s family fares now apply every day of the week.

However you go—Pullman or Coach—you'll be a pampered passenger all the way—

and you'll arrive rested and refreshed, ready for work or play. For full information and

reservations, call your nearby Union Pacific ticket agent or favorite travel agent.

Union Pacific Railroad

DOMELINERS: "City of Los Angeles,""The Challenger,""City of San Francisco,""City of Portland,""City of Denver,""City of St. Louis"

168 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA AWARDED MONTHLY: $595.00 Scholarship in Commercial Art

t-fSj, Draw Letters the Basset!

%sand Reports Draw the basset in pencil—and make your

drawing a different size from the picture to the right.

If you win the art scholarship prize, you get the complete course

DEGREES COME BY in commercial art taught by AmerFISTFUL FOR LDS FAMILY ica's largest home study art school,

Education is prime industry in the Art Instruction Schools. You will ai/art'instructionStudio I M-36 schools

Russell C. Bacon family of Springfield, receive personal attention from 500 South 4th St.* Minneapolis, Minn. 55415

of theOregon, family where three memat mastersbers received degrees the professional commercial artists in Please enter my drawing in your draw-a- about art, fields of the Unicommencement of advertising1965 summer the or obligation, illusyourhead contest.Art CourseAlsoatsendno informationcostversity Mrs. in nearby of Oregon Eugene. painting. trating, cartooning and print) (please

the received Roger son both andBacon advanced degrees in English and daughEven if you do not win, you will Name correction.ter Rita in speech get a professional

-Age estimate of your Occupationattending Unithe Daughter Bette was without cost. last talent alsoversity of the during Oregon Address -Apt.

school year, so everyone in the family Entries for April contest must was on campus except Mr. Bacon. He is be in before April 30, 1966. None -Statein active Springfield scouter thean unty.Zip Codestudents Our and Co be returned. Stake, received can Willamette andWard, the Accredited by artists professional are not eligible. for citations distinguished of fourone Accrediting of the Commission

leadership in scouting given by the Mail your entry in right away! National Home Study Council

Church.

This year Mrs. Bacon is taking leave

of absence from her position as English teacher at Thurston High School in

Springfield, Roger is teaching at Southern Oregon College in Ashland, and Rita is a speech correctionist in the Springfield school system. Bette has transferred to

BYU, where she is a junior.

University of Oregon President Arthur Fleming congratulates the Russell C. Bacon family,

who received three masters degrees at the same graduation. Left to right, Roger Bacon, Mrs.

Bacon, Pres. Fleming, and Rita Baccn.

little for Yes, as as $20 down Hamilton Funds,NC -

P.O. Box 5061, Denver, Colorado 80217 a $10 can and month, you

own a share in the portfolio Send Hamilton Funds prospectusbooklet.

of Hamilton Funds, Inc. For

NAME- a free prospectusbooklet describing Hamilton Funds, ADDRESS.

simply mail the coupon.

IE-1 MARCH 1966 169 Book of Mormon Printed in Chinese

Chinesespeaking members, investigators, and friends of the

Church now have the Book of Mormon printed in the Chinese language.

This important labor, completed last December, is the result of several years'work and marks the twentysecond language in which the Book of Mormon has been How can Bigelow carpet help your church P printed.printed in TheKoreanbooklaterwillthis year.also be

into of translation The major work buildings. that day's your architect. churchAsk He can tell you new Mormon done was by in Taiwan filaChinesefine carpet, like Bigelow, noise absorbs continuous And loomed with 100%

to create an atmosphere of serenity. ment nylon pile, Cordridge will give two men especially called to that

And he can demonstrate how carpet years and years of wear. assignment. During the presidency

actually saves on maintenance and There's a Bigelow carpet to suit of Jay A. Quealy, Jr., Elder Gordon

cleaning costs. every church, public building, home. B. Hinckley of the Council of the

Finally, no one need tell you what Bigelow has or can customcreate the Twelve set apart Elder Larry K.

carpet can do for appearance. The disperfect carpet. We've done it since 1825. Browning, a former missionary in

tinctive tree bark texture of Cordridge Hong Kong who had returned to (above), is es16 colors, in any of its RUGS & CARPETS grant under Taiwan an educational pecially 1825 adaptable SINCE to the decor of toBigelow -t of California, University from the and President Hu Wei-I, counselor to the mission president in Taiwan, who had been born and educated on the China mainland.

Preserve the Inspiration of The first edition of 5,000 copies was printed in Hong Kong.

The printing of the Book of MorThe Improvement Era mon in Chinese is of more than

In Beautifully Bound Volumes specialO. McKay.interestIn theto copyPresidentgiven Davidto the

President January 9, 1966, Elder

The Mountain West's finest bindery and Hinckley wrote:

printing house is prepared to bind your "This copy of the first edition of collected Improvement Era's into fine the Book of Mormon in Chinese was hard cover volumes. Mail or bring the presented to David O. McKay, who

editions you wish bound to the Deseret 45 years ago, on January 9, 1921,

News Press. accompanied by Elder Hugh J.

Cannon, in the 'Forbidden City'of 12 issues in hard cover $3.90. Advance Peking dedicated and consecrated

payment must accompany all orders and set apart 'the Chinese realm for

Please include postage if volumes are the preaching of the Gospel of Jesus to be returned by mail. Christ as restored in this dispensation through the Prophet Joseph

POSTAGE RATE FROM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Smith.'

Zone 5 1.05 "The Book of Mormon is now

1 & 2 65 6 1.20 available in the language which is

....1.40 7 3 75

8 1.60 the mother tongue of more people 85 4

than any other on earth. May it go

forth among them, as a witness of.=N. the Son of God, the Savior of the

world."In responding, President McKay noted: "This is a great event in the

history of the Chinese people."

1600 Empire Road Salt Lake City, Utah

170 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Bookcraft proudly presents anew book by Bruce R. McConkie

DOCTRINAL

NEW TESTAMENT COMMENTARY VOL. I - THE GOSPELS

by Bruce R. McConkie

This enlightening new book will help you understand the true teachings of the New Testament.

The Book of Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants, Pearl of Great Price and the teachings of latterday prophets are brought into harmony to cast the light of understanding on the full and true meaning of New Testament doctrines.

(886 pages) $7.50

Bookcraft 1 1186 South Main Street 3B66 Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

Please send "Doctrinal New Testament Commentary,"$ is enclosed. (Residents of

Utah add m% sales tax.)

Name

Address

City, State, Zip.

BOOKCRAFT 1186 South Main

Salt Lake City, Utah

G OING TO PHOENIX? STAY AT THE BEAUTIFUL...

1325 GRAND AVENUE PHOENIX, ARIZONA PHONE: (AREA CODE 602) 2588971

FOR RESERVATIONS IN SALT LAKE CITY, PHONE 3280566

MARCH 1966 171... )

The Church

Moves On

JANUARY 1966

College of Southern Utah Stake, the 413th now functioning, was organized at Cedar City, Utah, by Elder Richard L. Evans

of the Council of the Twelve and President Paul H. Dunn of the First

styles all L.D.S. include 50 Some temple as sustained Elder B. White Robert the Seventy. was Council of

in latest designs white and parchments. as Sjoblom Wallace C. D. Felix and Elders with Joseph Matching other president napkins, albums, Mormon

accessories. One day rush order service. his counselors. The first collegiate stake was organize'd at Brigham

Young University on January 8, 1956. Oncampus stakes now function

at universities and colleges in Utah and Idaho.

Philip C. Reynolds, 77, passed away in a Salt Lake City

25c for catalog Send samples, & refunded hospital. An engineer by profession, he spent the last fifteen

if order. on first air mail desired.) (50c

REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440 years returning to print many of the publications authored by his father, President George Reynolds of the First Council of the SevName enty. Titles included: Concordance of the Book of Mormon,

Address The Story of the Book of Mormon, Dictionary of the Book of

City, Zone, State Mormon, Myth of the Manuscript Found, "The Book of Mormon

Chronological Table,"and "The Book of Mormon Geography Map."

During this period he also put the manuscript of the sevenvolume

Commentary of the Book of Mormon and the Commentary on the

BLACK & WHITE Pearl of Great Price, coauthored by his fatherin-law Janne M.

Sjodahl and his father, into print. Funeral services were held

January 15. I hIVImP 8 exposure rollFILMS

presiDEVELOPED & PRINTED The appointment of Elder Stephen R. Covey, former

B. Anderson, Irish Mission, Elder of the Howard and dent SIZE IN JUMBO misto the priesthood California Mission, president the of 12 exposures 504 20 exposures $1.00 former

36 exposures $1.50 sionary committee of the Church was announced.

their training. States, completed forces of the have United armed COLOR FILM Six newly appointed chaplains, representing the Church in the

Ft. Bryner, Lewis, Washington, K. Capt. They are Norman DEVELOPING Lt. Claude D. Newby, Ft. Ord, California, of the Army; Lt. Crozierand

R. Lt. Illinois, Robert Base, Fitzgerald, Air Force and K. Chanute

Lt. Florida, Force; the Air Base, of 8-ExposureKODACOLORRoll per Air Force Eglin Cordner, (j. g.

roll Printing Dev. and $2.55 Diego, center at San to the training attached R. Pocock, Thomas

per 1 2-Exposure Richard another S. Wood, Lt. (j. g.) of the Navy; Navy chaplain, Roll tf$3.00 ro || Dev. and Printing

Color Reprints 204 each has been attached to the Third Marine Division in Viet Nam. This

brings the total LDS chaplains to twelve now serving.

COLORColor Slides SLIDES per 1 35 mm 20 exp., Dev. and Mount...$1.35 roll The First Presidency urged support of the American Heart

135 mm Color Slides per Association Heart Fund drive in February. Similar statments

36 exp., Dev. and Mount... $2.40 roll are often made during the year as other drives open.

Color Movie per 8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 roll

fjl Elder John A. Taylor was sustained as president of Cincinnati

GENEALOGY PHOTOS Heilesen(Ohio)as counselors.Stake with PresidentElders GeraldTaylorL. succeedsScott andPresidentHenry E.T.

NEGATIVES MADE of OLD Blair Evans, with whom he served as first counselor. Elder Herbert

PHOTOS, 604 each. PRINTS B. Spencer was released as second counselor.

of NEGATIVE, 54 each Elder Heber J. Badger was sustained as president of North

Send coin only—no C.O.D.'s Seattle (Washington) Stake, succeeding President Byron G. Fagg.

MoneyBack Guarantee Elders Brent I. Nash and Blaine D. (Continued on page 235)

SAM'S PHOTO LAB P.O. Box 1115 Dept. AA Salt Lake City, Utah

172 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Cany CRest

-v.:: -..:"- ': ''':-

... YOU! NOW READY FOR

Here is the ULTIMATE in glamour and security of condominium living with its prestige, privacy, and perfection—all this at a surprisingly low cost, made possible by our TOTAL

ENERGY natural Gas plant which provides all necessary electricity, space heating, air conditioning, and hot water.

Canyon Crest apartment homes are convenient to country clubs, beautiful canyons, the

University of Utah campus, and yet it is only a tenminute drive from downtown Salt Lake

City by way of accessible boulevards.

Six mode! apartment homes

open daily for your inspection. Hi! H Canyon Cnest

CONDOMINIUM APARTMENT HOMES

in beautiful Oak Hills, near "This Is The Place"Monument

875 Donner Way 4860074 "It costs no more to enjoy the very best."

Please send, without cost or obligation, your colorful brochure on "Canyon Crest"living."

Name...

Address.

EXPERIENCED MANAGEMENT City State.

Robert D. Sawyer, President Jerry Davis, Sales Manager

MARCH 1966 173 THE EDITOR'S PAGE BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. MCKAY

wmm[/rom/hJbi

Selfcontrol is not achieved without effort.

Today, as always, we need men and women who have the courage to think right, to speak right, and to do right!

Thoughts are the seeds of acts, and precede them. Mere compliance with the word of the Lord

without a corresponding inward desire will avail but little.

Youth are entitled to happiness, and we are untrue to youth if we deprive them of it. But let us

ever keep in mind that there is a distinction between happiness and mere pleasing sensation or pleasure.

Virtue, uprightness, faithfulness, holiness, and keeping the commandments of God lead to a happy life; those who follow that path are not longfaced and sanctimonious, depriving themselves of the

joys of existence.

Courtship is a wonderful period. It should be a sacred one. That is the time in which you choose

your mate. Your success in life depends upon that choice. Choose prayerfully the one who inspires

you to your best.

Man's free agency is an eternal principle of progress, and any form of government that curtails or inhibits its free exercise is wrong. Satan's plan in the beginning was one of coercion, and it was rejected,

because he sought to destroy the agency of man which God had given him. When a man uses this Godgiven right to encroach upon the rights of another, he commits a wrong. Lit 3rty becomes license, and

the man a transgressor. It is the function of the state to curtail the violator and to protect the violated.

There are things in the world which we may and should despise, but we can condemn the evil without hating the man. We should develop an aversion for the things which we ourselves can and

should resist and for the things which Christ hated.

174 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Man needs a rededication to the principles of unselfishness. No peace or freedom can come to this

world so long as men live only for themselves.

I know of no better way to bring about harmony in the home, in the neighborhood, in organizations, peace in a nation and in the world than for every man and woman first to eliminate from his or her heart the enemies of harmony and peace such as hatred, selfishness, greed, animosity, and envy.

The laws of life and the revealed word of God combine in placing upon motherhood and fatherhood the responsibility of giving to children not only a pure unshackled birth, but also a training in faith and uprightness. They are to be taught "... to understand the doctrine of repentance, faith in

Christ the Son of the living God, and of baptism and the gift of the Holy Ghost by the laying on of hands, when eight years old...."To those who neglect this in precept and example, "... the sin be

upon the heads of the parents."(D&C 68:25.)

The only thing which places man above the beast of the field is his possession of spiritual gifts.

Man's early existence is but a test as to whether he will concentrate his efforts, his mind, his soul upon things which contribute to the comfort and gratification of his physical instincts and passions, or whether he will make as his life's end and purpose the acquisition of spiritual qualities.

To have the approval of your conscience when you are alone with your thoughts is like being in the company of true and loving friends. To merit your own selfrespect gives strength of character.

Conscience is the link that binds your soul to the Spirit of God.

To every sincere follower of Christ, religion should denote not only a sense of relationship to God, but also an expression of that feeling in actions with respect to right and wrong, and obligation to duty.

Pure religion gives one power to rise above the selfish, sensual, sordid life.

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, accepting Christ as the revelation of God to man, believes that Jesus in his life and teachings reveals a standard of personal living and of social relationships, which, if fully embodied in individual lives and in human institutions, would not only ameliorate the present ills of society, but bring happiness and peace to mankind.

MARCH 1966 175 "For all old things shall pass away,

all the fulness thereof, both men and

question: "A friend passed me a copy of the

November Improvement Era, and I was intrigued with

Joseph Fielding Smith's explanation of temporal and YOUR spiritual law. He stated that 'all that we have to go

through in mortality is part of the divine plan.'Are

we to understand from this statement that God is QUESresponsible for all the evil and suffering in the world?

that it was the plan of the Lord to allow such mass killings as Alexander, Napoleon, and Hitler perpeTION

ANSWERED BY trated?bacilli, andmoreover,viruses thatthat Godcausecreatedso muchallsufferingthe microbes,to the

PRESIDENT human race as necessary for a period of schooling, all of which is essential to our eternal progression JOSEPH and exaltation?

Schweitzer's On FIELDING "Any person who has read Albert the Edge of the Primeval Forest and learned the horrible physical suffering he witnessed in his hospital SMITH that, surely obliged suffering to admit be if this OF THE FIRST would plan, divine be must was part then God of the

PRESIDENCY tic monster, and not a loving God."a sadisTemporal and Spiritual Law

answer: After reading this letter I was impressed

by the poem written by Thomas Bracken, entitled "Not Understood."The first stanza is as follows:

"Not understood. We move along asunder;

Our paths grow wider as the seasons creep

Along the years; we marvel and we wonder

Why life is life. And then we fall asleep—

Not understood."

It is an indisputable fact that human beings do not come into this mortal world merely to partake of that which is pleasant, joyful, and free from pain and suffering. Mortality is part of our eternal schooling.

We came here to gain experience that could not be

176 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

and all things shall become new, even the heaven and the earth, and beasts, the fowls of the air, and the fishes of the sea. "D&C 29:24

obtained in any other way, experience that is essenof us is that we keep his commandments.

tial to increase our knowledge and understanding and No matter how wicked a man may become, he is to fit us in the eternal world to come and to prepare assured the resurrection from the dead, for the Reus to become sons and daughters of our Eternal deemer paid the price even for the wicked that they

Father. Therefore we are subject to all of the vicissimight receive the resurrection and live again. The

tudes that pertain to mortality. No mortal life would be resurrection is just as universal as was the fall. It

complete if there had been no disappointments, no is written in the words of our Savior:

pain or physical discomfort, nor suffering. All of these "For behold, I, God, have suffered these things for

experiences form part of our eternal schooling. Should all, that they might not suffer if they would repent;

any human individual come into this mortal world "But if they would not repent they must suffer even and never partake of some trial, some sorrow, disapas I;

pointment, or physical pain, he would have lost some "Which suffering caused myself, even God, the of the most essential lessons and experiences that greatest of all, to tremble because of pain, and to should have been received to balance out his mortal bleed at every pore, and suffer both body and spirit—

education and fit him for the eternal life where he, and would that I might not drink the bitter cup, through the blessings of the gospel and obedience to and shrink—

divine will, is destined to become a son of God and "Nevertheless, glory be to the Father, and I parto rule and reign over an eternal kingdom. took and finished my preparations unto the children

It is true that the majority of human creatures never of men."(D&C 19:1619.)

learn in mortality what the real purpose is for their Every mortal soul should be exceedingly grateful being in this mortal world. The simple truth is that to the Redeemer of this world for the manifestation

it is an essential part of the divine plan. Mortality is of his great love for each of us which is made manifest

one grade in our eternal progression that is definitely in his extreme suffering, which brings to us the resuressential in order that man may, through obedience rection of the dead—not only the resurrection of

to the divine will, become exalted as a son of God, mankind, but of the earth itself and every creature possessing all the authority, power, and wisdom. that has dwelt or will dwell upon it in this mortal

We read in the Bible the following: state. It has been revealed by his own words to the

"Behold, I stand at the door, and knock: if any Prophet Joseph Smith as follows:

man hear my voice, and open the door, I will come "And again, verily, verily, I say unto you that when in to him, and will sup with him, and he with me. the thousand years are ended, and men again begin

"To him that overcometh will I grant to sit with to deny their God, then will I spare the earth but for me in my throne, even as I also overcome, and am set a little season;

down with my Father in his throne. "And the end shall come, and the heaven and the

"He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit earth shall be consumed and pass away, and there saith unto the churches."(Rev. 3:2022.) shall be a new heaven and a new earth.

Members of the Church should pay more attention "For all old things shall pass away, and all things to the words of our Redeemer, especially in relation shall become new, even the heaven and the earth, to his suffering which was voluntarily received that and all the fulness thereof, both men and beasts, the we—all who are willing to follow him and keep his fowls of the air, and the fishes of the sea;

commandments—might not suffer. He paid the price "And not one hair, neither mote, shall be lost, for

for our eternal redemption, and all that he has asked it is the workmanship of mine hand."(D&C 29:2225.

MARCH 1966 177 There have been many tragedies of late, and since so many people seem to blame every socalled tragedy upon the Lord,

i present a and are frustrated at what seems to be a calamity, may

few thoughts which I hope may ease tensions, stimulate sane thinking, and answer at least partially some of the questions so often asked, and so seldom answered.

The daily paper screamed the headlines: "PLANE CRASH KILLS 117. NO SURVIVORS OF MOUNTAIN TRAGEDY,"and thousands of voices joined in a chorus: "Why did the Lord let this terrible thing

happen?"Two automobiles crashed when one went through a red light, and six young people were killed. "Why

would God not prevent this?"

Why should a young mother die? Why should her eight children be left motherless? Why did not the

Lord heal her of her malady?

A young man died in the mission field, and people"critically questioned: "Why did not the Lord protect

this youth while he was doing proselyting work?"

I wish I could answer these questions fully. Sometime

we'll understand and be reconciled.

The following conclusions are my own, and I take fullTRAGEDY responsibility for them.

May I ask some questions?

Was it the Lord who directed the plane into the mountain to snuff out the lives of its m.—occupants, or were there mechanical faults or human errors?

Was our Father in heaven responsible for the collision of the cars which took six people M LJ it the error of the driver who ignored safety rules? 0T 1 1 into eternity, or was

Did God take the life of the young mother or prompt the child to toddle into the canal or guide the other child into the path of the oncoming car?

Did the Lord cause the man to die, or was the death of the missionary untimely? Would it have been better to

have occurred years earlier or later? Answer, if you can.

Now a final question. Could the Lord have prevented

these tragedies? The answer is yes. The Lord is omnipotent,DESTINY

with all power to control our lives, save us pain, prevent all by elder spencer w. kimball accidents, drive all planes and cars, feed us, protect us, save us from

of the council of the twelve labor, effort, sickness, even from death. But is that what you want?

Would you shield your children from effort, from disappointments, temptations, sorrows, suffering?

The basic gospel law is free agency. To force us to be careful or righteous would be to nullify that

fundamental law, and growth would be impossible.

Should we be protected always from hardship, pain, suffering, sacrifice, or labor? Should the Lord protect

the righteous? Should he immediately punish the wicked? If growth comes from fun and ease and aimless

irresponsibility, then why should we ever exert ourselves to work or leam or overcome? If success is measured by the years we live, then early death is failure and tragedy. If earth life is the ultimate, how can we

justify death ever, even in old age? If we look at mortality as a complete existence, then pain, sorrow, failure,

and short life could be a calamity. But if we look upon the whole life as an eternal thing stretching as far

into the premortal past and into the eternal postdeath future, then all happiness may be in proper perspective and may fall into proper place.

Is there not wisdom in his giving us trials that we might rise above them, responsibilities that we might achieve, work to harden our muscles, sorrows to try our souls? Are we not permitted temptations to test

our strength, sickness that we might learn patience, death that we might be immortalized and glorified?

In the beginning the Creator explained to Moses:

"... Satan rebelled against me, and sought to destroy the agency of man, which I, the Lord God, had

given him...."(Moses 4:3.)

178 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

"And the Lord spake unto Adam, saying: Inasmuch

as thy children are conceived in sin, even so when they begin to grow up, sin conceiveth in their hearts, and they taste the bitter, that they may know to prize the good. "And it is given unto them to know good from evil;

wherefore they are agents unto themselves...."

(Moses 6:5556.)

Apparently the Lord did not consider death always a curse or tragedy, for he said:

"... blessed are the dead that die in the Lord...."

(D&C 63:49.)

Life goes on and free agency continues, and death, which seems such a calamity, could be a blessing in disguise.

Melvin J. Ballard wrote:

"I lost a son six years of age and I saw him a man in the spirit world after his death, and I saw how he had exercised his own freedom of choice and would obtain of his own will and volition a companionship, and in due time to him and all those who are worthy of it, shall come all of the blessings and sealing privileges of the house of the Lord."(The Three

Degrees of Glory, p. 34.

If we say that early death is a calamity, disaster, or a tragedy, would it not be saying that mortality is preferable to earlier entrance into the spirit world and to eventual salvation and exaltation? If mortality

be the perfect state, then death would be a frustration, but the gospel teaches us there is no tragedy in death, but only in sin.

We know so little. Our judgment is so limited. We

judge the Lord often with less wisdom than does our youngest child weigh our decisions.

MARCH 1966 179

I spoke at the funeral service of a young student of spirits, instructing and preparing the faithful who died during World War II. There had been spirits... who had testified of him in the flesh, that

hundreds of thousands of young men rushed premathey might carry the message of redemption unto all turely into eternity through the ravages of war, and I the dead unto whom he could not go personally made the statement that I believed this righteous because of their rebellion and transgression....

youth had been called to the spirit world to preach "Among the great and mighty ones who were the gospel to these deprived souls. assembled in this vast congregation of the righteous,

In the "Vision of the Redemption of the Dead"by were Father Adam,... Eve, with many of her faithPresident Joseph F. Smith, he saw this very thing. He ful daughters... Abel, the first martyr,... Seth...

sat studying the scriptures on October 3, 1918, parNoah,... Shem, the great High Priest; Abraham,...

ticularly the statements in Peter's epistle regarding the Isaac, Jacob, and Moses,... Ezekiel...

antediluvians. He writes: "All these and many more, even the prophets who

"As I pondered over these things which are dwelt among the Nephites...

written, the eyes of my understanding were opened, "The Prophet Joseph Smith, and my father, Hyrum and the Spirit of the Lord rested upon me, and I saw Smith, Brigham Young,... and other choice spirits...

the hosts of the dead.... in the spirit world. I observed that they were also

"While this vast multitude [of the righteous] waited among the noble and great ones who were chosen in and conversed, rejoicing in the hour of their deliverthe beginning to be rulers in the Church of God....

ance..., the Son of God appeared, declaring liberty "I beheld that the faithful elders of this dispensato the captives who had been faithful, and there he tion, when they depart from mortal life, continue their

preached to them... the redemption of mankind from labors in the preaching of the gospel of repentance

the fall, and from individual sins on conditions of and redemption...."(Joseph F. Smith, Gospel Docrepentance. But unto the wicked he did not go, and trine, pp. 472476.)

among the ungodly and the unrepentant who had Death, then, may be the opening of the door to opdefiled themselves while in the flesh, his voice was not portunity. Some questions then are answered by

raised, neither did the rebellious who rejected the this vision.

testimonies and the warnings of the ancient prophets I would be happier to have my sons effective misbehold his presence, nor look upon his face.... sionaries than to have them honored in high secular

"And as I wondered... I perceived that the Lord places, to be bishops in God's kingdom than kings

went not in person among the wicked and the dison earthly thrones. For there is no greater work in

obedient who had rejected the truth...; but behold, which to be engaged, and the proselyting work does

from among the righteous he organized his forces... not end with death, but carries over into the

and commissioned them to go forth and carry the light life beyond.

of the gospel.... Now, we find many people critical when a righteous

"... Our Redeemer spent his time... in the world person is killed, a young ( Continued on page 210

The pandemonium of grace and color

Flashed suddenly upon my eye, as though

I had been blind, andfor the first time saw

The fields, the flowers, the long row

Of apple orchards palely blossoming

In waxen white and in palest pink;

BY CHRISTIE The golden, delicate fuzz of bees;

LUND COLES The water, moving like a silver link

Between the brown land and the soft, gray hill;

The trees, becoming green, almost visibly

Growing; the valleys taking on a softer hue;

The emerald grasses moving quietly.

The world was of such munificence,

My being ached with rapture kin to pain.

M#w It seemed this moment that I had been blind,

As though, indeed, I would be blind again.

180 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Acmevemenf

on

BY JOHN H. GARDNER

Perhaps nothing is more characteristic of the over ten times the amount from the linear growth rate.

restored Church than the natural and appealing conSuppose now that you had lived to the age of cept of the eternal progression of the individual human Methuselah, or about 1,000 years. Your amount at

soul. Taken together with its implications, it is one simple interest would be $6,100. At compound interest

of the most significant ideas to enter the mind and after the same period, you would have approximately heart of man. The student can find much to excite $2,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000, a twenty milhis imagination in an exploration, for example, of lionbillion-billionfold increase

the political or sociological implications of the docThe concept of eternal progression permits us to trine. We shall here note certain of its theological translate these calculations in terms of human progimplications. ress as did the Savior in the parable of the talents.

Joseph Smith, in his funeral sermon for King Growth is the common element—in the one case,

Follett, an elder killed while working on the Nauvoo growth of a certain capital investment; in the other,

Temple, made the famous statements indicating that growth of the human understanding and spirituality.

man's destiny could be as our Father in heaven. Much Although the latter is complex with no clearly defined

as these statements have been doubted and ridiculed, unit of measurement, it is a quantitative concept and if examined in the light of our experience together as such is susceptible to mathematical analysis. Man

with the doctrine of eternal progression, Joseph is the child of God, differing from him only quantiSmith's conclusions are inescapable. Although we tend tatively. In the eyes of man, would not a twenty

to think of our own progression as linear, that is, as millionbillion-billionfold increase in one's present simply proportional to the time we spend, we actually spiritual stature be akin to Godhood? Man's capacity

find it to be exponential: We learn in proportion to for growth is truly a Godlike quality. The only requirewhat we already know; we progress in proportion to ment is that one continue growing in those characterhow far we have already progressed. That the Savior istics that are of significance beyond the grave. One

was aware of this is attested to by the parable of the should never cease in his struggle for understanding talents, in which the kingdom of heaven is compared and spiritual growth.

to the lord who expected his servants to show inAn interesting corollary to this idea is that one need crease in proportion to the talents given them, not not double the time spent in his studies to double the in proportion to the time spent. understanding he gains. As the student gains underThe difference between these two laws of growth standing of a subject, his rate of gaining underis nicely illustrated in finance as the difference bestanding increases.

tween simple interest and compound interest. If, at Many of us waste much time and energy in pursuits

your birth, your parents had put aside for you $100 at which are of little or no spiritual value. The simple

6 percent simple interest, then at your age 70 this mathematical exercise above shows how vain and would have grown to $520. Had the same investment foolish we are to fail to take advantage of our opporbeen at compound interest at the same interest rate, tunities for spiritual growth which transcends the

at your age 70 the $100 would have grown to $5,913, grave and can bring us to godly stature.

MARCH!966 181

&** fr0mSpirit iviGmoriGS We yield our editorial columns to the following object to be attained by being tried and tested—

extract from a letter written by President Joseph F. weighed in the balance, in the exercise of the divine

Smith to Elder Orson F. Whitney, now in England attributes, godlike powers and free agency with which

on a mission. It contains some of the choicest thoughts, we are endowed; whereby, after descending below all

beautifully expressed, on a subject of very great interthings, Christlike, we might ascend above all things, est to the Saints. We have often heard, in the public and become like our Father, Mother, and Elder

speaking of President Smith, allusions made to the Brother, Almighty and Eternal!—we never would have

belief that associations of the spirit world may be and come; that is, if we could have stayed away.

are continued in this, but the few sentences of this "I believe that our Savior is the everliving example letter express that belief more clearly than anything to all flesh in. all these things. He no doubt possessed

which we have ever before seen published. It is not a foreknowledge of all the vicissitudes through which

to be wondered at that they should have excited the He would have to pass in the mortal tabernacle, when poetic fire in the breast of Brother Whitney, whose the foundations of this earth were laid, 'when the talent, at all times unexcelled by any of our local morning stars sang together and all the sons of poets, never shone to better advantage than in the God shouted for joy.'When He conversed with the

accompanying lines: brother of Jared, on the Mount, in His spiritual body,

He understood His mission, and knew the work "I heartily endorse your sentiments respecting conHe had to do, as thoroughly as when He ascended geniality of spirits. Our knowledge of persons and from the Mount of Olives before the wondering gaze

things before we came here, combined with the of the Jewish disciples, with His resurrected, glorious divinity awakened within our souls through obedience and immortal body.

to the Gospel, powerfully affects, in my opinion, all "And yet, to accomplish the ultimatum of His our likes and dislikes, and guides our preferences in previous existence, and consummate the grand and the course of this life, provided we give careful heed glorious object of His being, and the salvation of His to the admonitions of the Spirit. infinite brotherhood, He had to come and take upon

"All those salient truths which come home so Him flesh. He is our example. The works He did, we

forcibly to the head and heart seem but the awakening are commanded to do. We are enjoined to follow Him,

of the memories of the spirit. Can we know anything as he followed His Head; that where He is, we may

here that we did not know before we came? Are not be also; and being with Him, may be like Him. If

the means of knowledge in the first estate equal to Christ knew beforehand, so did we. But in coming

those of this? I think that the spirit, before and after here, we forgot all, that our agency might be free inthis probation, possesses greater facilities, aye, manideed, to choose good or evil, that we might merit the

fold greater, for the acquisition of knowledge, than reward of our own choice and conduct. But by the

while manacled and shut up in the prisonhouse power of the Spirit, in the redemption of Christ, of mortality. through obedience, we often catch a spark from the

"Had we not known before we came the necessity awakened memories of the immortal soul, which of our coming, the importance of obtaining taberlights up our whole being as with the glory of our nacles, the glory to be achieved in posterity, the grand former home."

182 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Contributor, December 1852

WHAT IS LIFE?

RESPECTFULLY DEDICATED TO PRESIDENT JOSEPH F. SMITH BY O. F. WHITNEY

There are, who deem life's lingering durance Be this their bourn, who seek no brighter,

Designed for freedom and delight; Whom naught save worldly pleasures please;

Its clanking fetters claim for music, Graves are the goal of earthly glory,

Its darkness worship as 'twere light. But man was meant for none of these.

Nor mindful still of loftier purpose, Call earth thy home—clasp thou its shadows!—

Vain Pleasure's winged flight pursue; Till here thy little day be done!—

Their dream: "Today! there comes no morrow!"My home is where the starry kingdoms

That tinkling lie with sound so true! Roll round the Kingdom of the Sun!

Was such the charm, whose soft alluring I came not forth in quest of freedom,

Drew spirits bright from heavenly bliss? To shrink from peril or from pain;

Did "morning stars"hymn loud hosannas To learn from death life's deepest lessons,

O'er false and fatal theme like this? I sank to rise—I serve to reign.

Speak thou, my soul, that once did mingle 'Tis Contrast sways unceasing sceptre

Where souls were never doomed to die! O'er vast appreciations realm;

Would worlds on worlds, like this, have won thee E'en Gods, through sacrifice descending,

From glorious realms yet glittering high, Triumphant rise to overwhelm.

Where Father, Mother, friends, forsaken—Thus fetters teach the force of freedom,

Till time their "hundred fold"restore—Thus sickness, joys of future health,

Await the welcome of thy coming Thus Folly's fate proves Wisdom's warning,

When time and trial are no more? Thus poverty prepares for wealth.

Son of a God! 'mid scenes celestial, Souls to tohom life unfolds its meaning,

Fellest thou from freedom to be free? Scarce hope for happiness on earth,

Or, hoping rise of endless raptures, But patient bide that brighter morrow, s

For time renounced Eternity? Which brings again celestial birth.

Selfexiled from yon realms supernal,

Responsive to Omniscient rule,

Hied'st here to chase life's fleeting phantoms, As this was published in 1882, President Joseph F.

A truant from Time's precious school? Smith was Second Counselor in the First Presidency.

More than twenty years later, April 9, 1906, as

Oh, blindness dense! delusion mortal! President of the Church, he was to ordain Elders

Where darkness reigns disguised as day, George F. Richards, Orson F. Whitney, and David O.

Where prison seems but sportive playground, McKay to the apostleship. Elder Whitney passed

And spendthrifts waste life's pearls away! away May 16, 1931.

MARCH 1966 183 is teaching with conviction is choosing from the lesson mathrough the power of the Holy terial the parts which fit your

Ghost. family.

Your family is impressed with Study the entire lesson, inyour teaching in proportion to cluding special helps for preyour own conviction. Conviction school children. You can select

of the truth of the basic idea of what your family needs. Write

the lesson comes as you study the name of a family member the lesson. Only after prayerby a part of the lesson which

ful preparation can you teach would especially help him. Omit

with the Holy Ghost. parts which are not suited to

any member of the family.

Choose personal experiences of your family in place of the examples in the lesson when they make the same point.

Gear the length of the lesson.-r**S3i to your family's interest, approximately twenty to thirty minutes for young children, about

an hour for older children and adults. This does not include

the play and refreshment period.

i—'TSSSSSin

liliiil:,: fpt*

\m- X&m v |i4-i—-:

Watch these pages each month for inspirational

184 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA familiar hymn while the members are assembling.

It is important that the household routine be carefully planned is making the home lesson a and adjusted preceding the lesspecial occasion. son to avoid the spirit of rush

and hurry.

Wherever you meet, the setWhile family members need ting should be neat and orderly. not dress up for meetings, they

This could be the living room, should be clean and neat.

family room, around the dining Each family member should room table, even outside. Prepabe made to feel that his presence

ration of the room should be helps make the occasion special.

assigned in advance so that For example, instead of demandchairs, books, charts, music, etc., ing that family members attend,

are ready for use. you might say, "John, our family

Some families create a spiriisn't complete without you. Your

tual atmosphere by playing a ideas add fun and interest to

Tabernacle Choir record or our meetings."A comment about

other reverent music; other famihis special contribution could be

lies begin to hum or sing a made to each child.

Ms JL—s

LU 5C

1 J \ '. =*. Bow u i

J b?""T—

messages to help in your Family Home Evenings

MARCH 1966 185 Conflicts in marriage are normal—it is the way

we handle them that is significant.

Making Conflicts Work fo THIRD IN A SERIES

BY J. JOEL MOSS, PH.D.

PROFESSOR, HUMAN DEVELOPMENT AND FAMILY RELATIONS

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

Conflict in marriage is a normal experience. Because

the partners involved are two different persons, they will disagree very strongly at times. Each person's

point of view is important to him; therefore, he seeks

to promote and defend it. Sometimes an individual's

, point of view is linked to a personally sensitive area and cannot be handled without a great deal of emotional display.

Quarreling is an emotional handling of disagreements which frequently occur. But quarreling is not

always conflict. Quarreling may be also a technique for

seeking to handle the discomforting feelings arising from conflict. We wouldn't say that teasing is conflict,

or manipulation, or the use of tears, sarcasm, humor, or reasoning. They, like quarreling, may reflect conflict

or techniques used by us to handle the unpleasantness of conflicting ideas.

In other words, conflict may exist before a quarrel begins. Because we feel uncomfortable about the

conflict and have an urge to resolve it, we often use quarreling to get it into the open. The problem is,

however, that quarreling too often focuses around surface issues and not around the real center of the the religious question of how ofte conflict. As a result, overt conflict (that which is elders should be called to admin

open) is not nearly as dangerous as covert conflict ister to family members. The real

(conflicting ideas which stay hidden). conflict was differing ideas about

If we are to have conflicts work for us, we must the expression of faith. The mother

understand them, why and how they emerge, the difhad been reared in a family where ference between conflict and the conflict situation, faith was expressed by calling in and how to ease the conflict situation so that we can the elders shortly after someone then try to resolve the conflict and experience growth became ill. To rely upon doctors

and satisfaction. Conflicts in marriage are normal—it is and medicines was to deny God's

the way we handle them that is significant. aid. The father had been reared in

a family in which you did everyConflict and the Conflict Situation thing you could first and then called the elders. Until you had

Conflicts have their roots in personalities. A couple done all you could, you had not

I know had some of its earliest disagreements over shown faith. How often and when

The three articles in this series were published originally under the to call the elders may seem a small title on Maniage,""Moss by Extension Publications, Brigham Young thing, but to challenge one's exUniversity, Provo, Utah.

186 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Ik!

pression of faith can create a very In the Song of Solomon it is stated that it is the serious conflict. "... little foxes, that spoil the vines...."(Song of

Many conflicts have a similar Solomon 2:15.) More people are killed each year

pattern. On the surface they seem by the bite of mosquitos than are stepped upon by

small, but they have big roots. How charging elephants. More marriages become derailed

one squeezes the tooth paste, cares over seemingly small things than over major catasfor clothes, sleeps, eats, talks, introtrophes. One can never understand how serious an

duces people, talks on the teleissue may really be until he knows the roots of the phone, and handles the checking conflict and can somewhat appreciate its meaning account aren't really big things by to the partner.

themselves. But they may be very These disturbing "little"things touch some area of

big in one's interpretation of what sensitivity in the person involved—or he would not be

they contribute to living the "good disturbed. These basic concerns might be orderliness,

life."Does a toothpaste tube standards of cleanliness, courtesy, success, or respect.

squeezed in the middle look less These are big concerns. The tremendous trifles which

sloppy than one squeezed at the annoy are symptomatic of the presence of big issues bottom? It is an individual matter, which require tolerance and understanding. Even

but squeezing the tube in the midthough we believe in the same religion, for example, dle may offend one's sense of it is possible for us to live life in a sloppy or organized propriety or upset another's ecofashion and with a minimum or maximum of courtesy!

nomical nature. Linked with these sensitivities in the early years of

marriage is the question of "Which way is going to win out?"which must be resolved. Do we sleep

under one blanket, three blankets, or buy a dualcontrol electric blanket? Do we sleep with the windows open or closed? Do we have breakfast according

to your pattern of waking up or mine? In these and

many similartype decisions, a power play emerges.

( I'm sure the Lord won't inspire men in each decision, so we brethren can't claim these decisions are all linked with being head of the family—though we

must admit that being defined as head helps win many of these small decisions!) Leadership (or presiding

in a home ) and dominance do not have to be the same, though they are frequently seen that way!

No one really chooses his touchy spots and concerns.

Sometimes, one may be annoyed by those he has. We

can't expect touchy spots to always make sense or to always follow a pattern. A woman does not wake up

in the morning and say, "Today is my fighting day, my nagging day! Tomorrow will be my kindness day!"

Nor does a man wake up and say, "Today is my griping day; tomorrow will be my courtesy day!"For

a

example, I have a friend whose wife feels insecure without a little money stashed away for emergencies.

They have a joint bank account, stocks and bonds, but these are not enough to give her a full sense of security. Logically her feeling makes little sense, but

emotionally it makes a great deal of sense when one knows her childhood background. Most of us find

some aspects of life where it is not easy for us to be logical and objective.

Our personalities help determine what we look for in marriage as well as the types of conflict we will experience. Not all people want the same kind of

marriage. Some want a quiet, warm, simmering relationship. Like a good pot of stew, it is tasty, solid, not

too fancy nor too dull. Too much excitement or too

much analyzing by one partner could create conflict.

Another individual might like a few hot peppers tossed into the stew because routine and dullness could easily lead to conflict. One research study suggests

that a large percentage of marriages are the comfortable, simmering type. Does this imply that one way to

have a happy marriage is to be prepared to simmer and tread life's path along comfortably established ruts which provide general satisfaction?

Others desire more vibrancy in a marital relationship. that broke the camel's back,"and

Though desiring some comfort, they want more—a couple begins openly to interact 1-

sense of growth, of creativity, of challenge and spice. over the little "triggering"item:

In some marriages one person possesses this desire and maybe he's five minutes late; she

the other does not, so compromising may create conlet dinner get a little cold; in preflict. In other marriages, both partners want a occupation he kissed her too lightly

dynamic type of life, but through differing symbols of or not at all; or suddenly the door

success—business, popularity, dramatics, power, recoghe failed to fix pinches baby's finger.

nition, travel, politics, and so forth. Conflict in such When a couple openly interacts

marriages is a battle of dynamic areas. with emotion, they are in what is

We have clarified what conflict is; what, then, do usually called the conflict situation.

we mean by saying that handling it requires underFor example, a friend says when standing of the conflict situation? The conflict situashe really wants something she can

tion refers to the situation pattern in which the never calmly approach her husconflicts of a couple usually appear. Conflict is usually band. It always comes out in a

characterized by a buildup process in which a couple whoosh of emotion. This means

more and more recognize they are drawing apart she has thought about it before, from each other. As this buildup proceeds, little things but, expecting some negative reacbecome magnified until something becomes the "straw tion, she plans her arguments and

188 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA What did you do the lokt time you were angry,with each other?

than understand and appreciate. Usually this period

is followed by that fascinating period, the deadly silence! For couples who argue, there usually comes

a time when all the pet arguments have been used and neither has won the case, so each withdraws to lick his wounds and regroup his forces for another attempt. Some couples move into the deadly silence

period without too much prior discussion. The triggering items may have kicked off emotional feelings

which they know how to handle only by withdrawing into themselves.

Next comes a period of thought, reevaluation, and indecision as each wonders what to do next. It is interesting to watch a couple trying to mend a breacheach wandering back and forth, seeking a safe

approach to maneuver himself into talking position again. Each goes his own way, but there seems to be

an irresistible force pulling them together. We hunt

for neutral topics, try jokes, kindness, or anything which may ease the air. For some, a game of "touch

and run"must be played. Only if we can touch our

partner (accidentally or otherwise) without feeling a flinch do we feel on safe ground again.

This is why it is so fascinating to look back and builds her case up to an emotional analyze our own conflict situations. What did you do

pitch before he ever hears about the last time you were angry with each other? How

it. Thus there is a buildup period long did it take for the deadly silence to appear? How

on her part which leads to the long did it last? What did you do as you fumbled to

emotional display, with a somewhat reach out to each other again?

negative reaction on his part beIt's too bad we can't objectively see ourselves more cause it all comes at him so sudoften. Life would probably be much more humorous

denly. This is one type of conflict and interesting. How long the deadly silence lasts

situation with which they must depends largely on how quickly we have learned to deal. The real conflict lying beneath handle bad feelings and our ability to tread the nomay be that she does not feel seman's-land of silence and reestablish communication.

cure enough in her ideas, or that Once reestablished, everyone is happy. We make

her husband is so immersed in his up and promise each other all kinds of things and work he does not sense her need, feel so good because we're "with it"again. But, where

or both. are we? Largely right back where we were before

During open interaction concernthe conflict situation arose. The basic conflict has

ing a triggering issue of conflict, not been resolved. We may have learned to use cerif we act as we feel, we often seek tain techniques for handling a conflict situation, but

to fight, hurt, or defend—rather we have not resolved {Continued, on page 228)

MARCH 1966 189 Priesthood Genealogy Program for '66

FIRST IN A THREEPART SERIES

The FourthGeneration Program The year 1965 will be remembered as having been Instruction Manual) and presented by the "teachers"a record year for genealogical activity in the Church- (class instructors in the genealogy workshop classes but not for long. Based on glimpses ahead, the held on MIA night). Also involved in the "test"were

priesthood's program for genealogy in 1966 should stake presidents, high council advisers, bishops, high stimulate more enthusiasm for the Prophet Elijah's priests'group leaders, and ward record examiners.

mission than any previous genealogical program ever Under the threegeneration program many thousponsored by the Church. sands of Saints learned the correct rules for recording

The heart of the 1966 activity is the fourthgenera- and the proper methods for processing records. They

tion program. Families are being asked to fill out and learned to consult the newly revised Genealogical

turn in the eight family group records that pertain Instruction Manual and to record their information on to their fourthgeneration ancestors. This is simply new family group record forms. Their high priests'

an extension of the 1965 threegeneration program—group leaders received training in monitoring records

going back one more generation. through the ward record examination process and had

The threegeneration program was principally a to learn the answers to many genealogical questions training program. It functioned as a gigantic worldthey had never before considered. Ward record

wide "class"for church members in genealogical examiners were established in many wards for the records processing. The Saints were given an "open first time. These examiners underwent a "baptism by

book test"to see how well they understood the fire"as they worked patiently and tirelessly with the material contained in the "textbook"( Genealogical Saints in helping them prepare their records properly.

190 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.:

Leila Beckingham (I) and Kathy Newman of the Genealogical

Society sort 1965 threegeneration sheets for microfilming

As the program got underway many Saints disfourth-generation program functions in the same mancovered errors and discrepancies in their information ner as did the threegeneration program. Completed

and worked hard to turn in complete and accurate sheets are submitted to the high priests'group leader, records. Thousands of church members found inwho monitors the sheets through ward record examistances where ordinance work could be performed. In nation. If there is any temple ordinance work that

many of these cases it had been erroneously assumed needs to be done on a sheet, a high priests'group for years that the work had already been done. leader returns the sheet to the compiler. Since the

An advantageous "fringe benefit"of the program is fourthgeneration program will produce many more that members of the Church will soon have access to names for temple work than did the 1965 program, all the sheets submitted through services provided by greater efforts will be made by high priests'group the Genealogical Society and its branch libraries. The leaders this year to see that sheets requiring temple

priesthood turned the threegeneration sheets over to ordinance work are returned to the compilers, who in the Genealogical Society for microfilming and for turn will submit the sheets directly to the Genealogical storage. The sheets will soon be filed in a section of Society for processing. Examined and approved sheets

the archives in the Genealogical Society's main library where there is no temple work to be done will be where they will be easily accessible to church memalphabetized and submitted to the Genealogical Sobers for searching. Microfilm copies of the sheets will ciety according to planned schedules, for microfilming

be available to branch libraries. and filing in a section of the archives.

The stimulation the program gave to genealogy is The training benefits will continue to be realized thrilling, especially to those who have been active in in 1966; and in going one generation further into the

genealogy through the years. Church members who past, many church members will become involved

had never before filled in a group sheet caught the in fullfledged genealogical -research in order to idenspirit of the program and of Elijah. Many have since tify fully their fourgeneration ancestors. There will

become confirmed researchers, wanting to know more be motivation for the Saints performing research to about their ancestors and excitedly "digging in"to catch the true spirit of genealogy work by going to extend their pedigrees. the temples themselves to complete the ordinance

Of course, there were some difficulties, as there work for those whose names they have identified always are in getting a new program underway. Some and submitted.

Saints refused to follow the standards of good geneaSince new converts coming into the Church and logical procedures, and others refused to participate youth coming into adult life need training in records in the program because they did not understand its processing, and since some members of the Church value and importance. Many examiners were too did not participate in 1965, the threegeneration procritical and worked as censors rather than as teachers. gram is being continued during 1966. The following

Some high priests'group leaders failed to return sheets schedule has been suggested for submitting threerequiring temple work to compilers so that they could generation sheets to high priests'group leaders:

submit them to the Genealogical Society for processing. 1st generation by May 1

But, in navy parlance, the Saints were given a good 2nd generation by July 1 "shakedown"cruise in the new boat and became 3rd generation by Nov. 1

familiar with its actions. They now know better how The schedule for fourthgeneration sheets is as

to handle the craft when the winds blow and the follows waves run high. Being familiar with the ship, they 2 family group records by June 1

can now venture forth into new seas knowing that 22 familyfamily groupgroup recordsrecords byby Aug.Oct. 11

the craft is seaworthy and wellbuilt. 2 family group records by Dec. 1

The "new seas"in 1966 are the eight family group 8 family group records in all records per family that pertain to the family's fourth (Look for part two of this series next month, "The generation of ancestors—the greatgrandparents. The Book of Remembrance.")

SPECIAL BULLETIN

The Pedigree Referral Service (PRS) is ready to be taken to the world. All church members are encouraged to teach nonmembers the benefits of the service and how it operates. Registration and

inquiry forms may be obtained from ward or stake priesthood leaders or by writing the Genealogical Society, P. O. Box 11646, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111. The "Pedigree Referral Service Supplement"to the Genealogical Instruction Manual may be obtained for 25c from Deseret Book Company,

44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111. All church members are asked to do their best

to advertise the Pedigree Referral Service in a gigantic effort to coordinate the world in genealogical research.

MARCH 1966 191.

oongs

.. Each had lost a mate—and hope

Could life be rich again? *

Molly sat in the yellow chintz room while the last beam of light from the fading day peeped through the window at her. She smelled the lilacs and heard

leaves whispering, and when she looked down at the street, the trademark of spring was there. Frecklefaced boys were playing baseball, and little girls were

jumping ropes. And the neighborhood husbands were

all outdoors fixing their yards for spring as her husband did last year at this time when they planted their willow trees.I

Solemnly Molly stared at it till darkness came, till the Scarsdale houses snapped on lights and the husbands began going in. Then Molly hastily turned

away from all those sights that hurt. She turned on

the light in her lonely bedroom and tried to find some sewing to do.

In a moment she heard the door chimes ring, so she hurriedly ran downstairs.

"Hi, Gay,"she said, as she opened the door and saw her best friend there.

"Hi,"Gay answered vivaciously as she sauntered into the hall.

Since she didn't know why Gay was here tonight,

Molly lost no time in begging her to come upstairs awhile.

BY ROBERTA FLEMING ROESCH.:.

'.1

Ml

JV

*y A 0*

V'V t z$ a

"I'll come up for an hour,"Gay said. "Then I'll have red dress, Gay. I'm through with clothes like that."

to go. I've been watching for your light. I've got big Gay's eyebrows rose a fraction before she spoke

plans for you."again. "Remember the spirit Ronnie loved? Where

"Plans for me?"Molly asked, preceding Gay up the did that spirit go?"

stairs. But she wasn't eager to hear those plans. She Suddenly Molly was angry and something within

knew what kind they'd be. Frothy, merry, carefree her flamed as quickly as twisted paper when a new

plans, exciting like Gay herself. And she didn't want match is struck to it. "What do you know of spirit?"

exciting plans. Not ever. she flared. "My life isn't easy, Gay. It's hard to live

"My hubby's hired a new engineer,"she heard Gay a life alone after it's planned for two."

say to her. "His name is Matthews—Bill Matthews—"That's what I told you lots of times, but you never

widower, a good member of the Church, and he's listened to me."

spending the weekend with us. We're having a party Molly grew tormented. Words darted out of her

tomorrow night, so he can meet the crowd. And, heart. "I don't want to listen to anyone! I know what

Molly, you have to join us. Tom and I insist."I'm trying to do!"

Molly's body stiffened. Why couldn't they leave her Gay looked at her a moment, then started out of the

alone, these people with husbands and gay, young room. "You're going to listen to me this time. Tom

homes? Why couldn't they understand that part of will be over for you."

her died many months ago when Ronnie, her husMolly followed Gay downstairs. Neither spoke

band, died? again. And Molly was too angry to care how silent it

But she suppressed a heavy sigh and tried not to was. She trailed Gay out to the tiny porch and sat

show how she felt. "Sorry, Gay, but I can't come."on the steps awhile looking at Ronnie's willow trees

"Nonsense!"Gay said gently. "You'll just be with the night shadows hiding in them. She sat there

lonely here."while her anger cooled, thinking of things Gay

"I know I will,"Molly thought, unconsciously studyplanned. Finally Molly went inside to dust in order to

ing Gay, whose hair, as black as shiny jet beads, was fill in some time.

styled a new way tonight. Molly touched her own She sighed as she whisked the dust cloth around on

drab hair and thought how plain it looked, how dowdy a Chippendale stand; then Molly stopped a moment

she probably seemed these days compared to the to pick up Ronnie's picture. She saw how his eyes

wellgroomed Gay. But Molly put those thoughts looked past her as though she were strange to him.

aside to settle the problem at hand. Surely he knew that she always planned to lock up

"Parties don't mean a thing to me, Gay. I'm just as his memory and never let anything in her life come

lonely at them, even more lonely, than in this house near it. No parties. No fun. Not one single thing to

where Ronnie's memory is."dull that memory. Surely if he knew some things like

Suddenly Gay looked serious, and her voice sounded that, his eyes might look different to her.

serious too. "I've told you life's for the living. Ronnie In a moment she put his picture back. She was too

would say that too."tired to think, and so she quickly ran upstairs and

Molly nodded miserably. "I know. I know it, Gay."took off her corduroy dress. And as she hung that

She watched Gay get up from the bed and go to the dress away she touched another one, the fluffy red closet door to rummage excitedly through the clothes net party gown that Gay suggested she wear.

till she pulled out a red net dress—a soft and billowy Instantly Molly swallowed hard. She pulled the red

ice cream dress—that had satin slippers to match. dress out, then went to find an old white sheet and

"Try wearing this tomorrow night "Gay suggested covered the dress like a shroud. And then at last she

to her. went to bed, disturbed by what Gay had said. Surely

A lump leaped up to Molly's throat. That was she would not send Tom. That was just a threat.

"Ronnie's dress."And Molly couldn't speak at first.

Not till the lump went down. "I'll never wear that When Tom came on Saturday night, Molly was

m &..-...,..,,/"\ M -,

. fifcr* '"

*m

surprised. There he stood in his evening clothes,

staring at her beige suit.

"Behold the escort cometh."He sounded too casual,

as though he were trying to wholly ignore what had happened the previous night.

"You're at the wrong house,"she finally said. "1

don't need an escort tonight."

"Oh, yes, you do,"he told her as he quickly stepped inside. He walked into the living room. "You ought to

put some kind of long dress on. The party is formal,

you know."Molly sat down in the big wing chair, determined to be really frank.

"Look, Tom, I know Gay told you that we argued about this last night. And I haven't changed a single

bit since I said I wouldn't come."

"You 'look,'"Tom ordered; "forget about that. Let's

even leave Gay out. This is my party. It means a lot

as far as business goes. And just for the record, Molly

Blaine, I'm sitting right here till you come."

Molly looked across at him. She knew he felt ill

at ease, trying so hard to be casual and natural in every way. "Why don't we stop pretending?"Molly proposed

at last. "You know how I've felt since Ronnie's death,

and you know why I don't go out."

Tom sat silent for a moment. "All right,"he said.

"I do know. But I know how wrong you are. Ronnie

would want you to go on with life. 7 know. I'd want

that for Gay."

"Of course he would,"she admitted, "but somehow

I can't find the way."

"That's why you should spend more time with the crowd at things like this party tonight."He pulled

himself up from his chair. "But I'm not only thinking

of you. I'm thinking of myself. I want you to play

the piano tonight."

"I told Gay 'no,'and I'm saying 'no'now."

"All right."He lost his goodnatured grin and

moved to leave the room.

Molly stood up abruptly and started after him.

"Wait a minute,"she quickly said. "Don't go away

like that."

"You sounded final,"he answered.

"I know how I sounded,"Molly confessed while she tried to compose (Continued on page 230)

Hi,', #1'

SINCE

CUMORAH NEW VOICES FROM THE DUST

BY HUGH NIBL.EY, PH.D.

PROFESSOR OF HISTORY AND RELIGION

BR1GHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

parted in three steps, "the first time but are abashed at the presumption in blessing the five barley loaves, of asking until Jesus, who knows

The scholarly study of the Book of the second time when he prayed what is in their hearts, tells them

Mormon goes forward with the and glorified the Father, the third he knows what it is they desire and discovery of ancient documents. time when he blessed the seven that they need not be ashamed for

We continue a brief glance at some loaves."In 3 Nephi 19 the Lord it is a worthy request. 87 In the

of these which have not yet apalso imparts his glory to the dispresent text the Lord simply enpeared in hook form nor heen ciples in three steps as they prayed courages Thomas and his brethren three times "to the Father in the not to be embarrassed to ask what translated into English. name of Jesus."(Verse 8. is in their minds, though usual

After this, "Thomas says unto commendation is lacking. It is not

Jesus, Behold, O Lord, thou hast lacking in the Book of Mormon

The next section tells how Jesus in thy goodness bestowed every account:

went about making his disciples grace upon us. But there yet re- "And it came to pass... he

and his followers perfectly one mains one thing which we would spake unto his disciples one by.one

with each other, with him, and that thou wouldst grant unto us."[they always question him indiwith the Father: "Have ye not This is a common theme in the vidually in the 'fortyday'literaheard, O my beloved the love of "fortyday"accounts, where the ture], saying unto them: What is

Jesus for his Apostles; which was Apostles, after having received all it that ye desire of me...?

so great that he withheld nothing knowledge and enlightenment and "And when he had spoken unto from them in all the works of his become perfectly one with Jesus, them, he turned himself unto the godhead?"This blessing was imhave yet one question to ask him, three....

196 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

"And they sorrowed in their which I hear is the voice of my ment and transfiguration motifs, hearts, for they durst not speak Creator and my Redeemer. This when Philip tells how Christ "made

unto him the thing which they is the voice of Him who was my the disciples great, that they might desired. glory when he addressed me in be able to see him in his greatness.

"And he said unto them: Behold. Paradise.... O my son, Lazarus, He said on that day in blessing the

I know your thoughts, and ye have take my greetings to My Creator. sacrament: 'Thou who hast joined

desired the thing which John, my when will the time come when the perfect, the light, with the Holy beloved... desired of me. 1 too may hear the voice of life Ghost, unite with angels with us

"Therefore, more blessed are calling me?"also....'"88

ye...."(3 Nephi 28:1, 4-7. Italics Before he grants the wish of the Compare this with the 19th chapadded. Apostles, Jesus says to the people, ter of Third Nephi, where "... they

Here we are directly referred to "More blessed are they who have were filled with the Holy Ghost an identical situation in the Old not seen but believed than they and with fire.... And angels did

World. And what is the special who have seen and not believed,"come down out of heaven and did

boon granted the three? That they which is akin to the Book of Morminister unto them.

"shall never taste of death... even mon, "... blessed are ye if ye shall "And... Jesus came and stood

until all things shall be fulbelieve... after that ye have seen in the midst....

filled.... me.... "... and behold they were as

"And... shall never endure the "And again, more blessed are white as the countenance and also

pains of death; but... shall be thev who shall believe in your the garments of Jesus...."(Vs.

changed in the twinkling of an words..."(i.e., without having 1315, 25. Italics added.

eye...."(Ibid., 28:7-8.) seen). (3 Nephi 12: If.) The same source also furnishes

A like request is granted in our Then the Coptic text adds, "You an interesting commentary on the

Coptic account: "We desire, O see how many miracles and signs name of Christ and how it changes

Lord, that we may see how things I did among the Jews, and yet they from language to language, as the are with the dead who lie in their did not believe me."This again name of Jesus does not, depending

tombs, whom thou hast raised up compares with 3 Nephi 19:35: "So on how a speaker thinks of Christ. 89

to be a sign of thy resurrection to great faith have I never seen among This explains the use of the name take place for us.... We desire all the Jews; -wherefore I could not in the Book of Mormon (where it

to see the bones which have fallen show unto them so great miracles, has been criticized as an anachapart in the tomb, how they are because of their unbelief."ronism), distinguishing the true

reunited one to another, that the It is always one to three apostles Messiah from the Messiah expected dead may speak."What follows who are singled out for special by the Jews in general. Also conshows that this is plainly a postblessings and manifestations after sidered an anachronism in the Book

resurrectional tradition, for in anthe resurrection. In the first of all of Mormon is the reference to faith.

swer to their request Thomas and our early Christian Coptic texts to hope, and charity, a formula on two friends are shown the raising be discovered, the famous Pistis which the new Coptic texts cast of Lazarus, at whose coming forth Sophia (c. 42f), we are told that some light, and which was known

the whole cemetery revolves on its Jesus appointed three of his disto be not a Pauline invention but axis, and "the dead arose and came ciples to keep official written rec- a wellknown expression in very forth because of the voice of Jeords of what he said and did, ancient times; most recently the

sus."conformant to the ancient order Dead Sea Scrolls have amply

Such a mass resurrection could, (Deut. 19:15) requiring that all shown that many supposedly

of course, only take place after things be established by three witunique Pauline expressions were the Lord himself had been resurnesses. In this case the three are actually borrowed by Paul from

rected. The descriptions of the Matthew, Thomas, and Philip, much older sources. 90 The newly

descensus (the visit of the Lord to which accounts for the prominence found Apocryphon of James has the spirits in prison) and the of their names in the earliest Chris- a remarkable parallel to Alma's kerygma (his preaching to them tian records. The significance of the teaching of the growth of faith in

and liberating of them ) that follow "three witnesses"theme for the terms of a seed. 91 When we read

also clearly belong in a postcruci- Book of Mormon needs no comin the Gospel of Thomas, "Twentyfixion setting. At the moment Jesus ment. four prophets spoke in Israel and

calls Lazarus forth, Adam also hears In the socalled Gospel of Philip they all spoke about thee,"92 we his voice and cries: "This voice we have another mixing of sacra- ( Continued on page 232

MARCH 1966 197 Teachers& periskwb|e PRODUCT teaching

BY NEIL J. FLINDERS

SUPERVISOR, SEMINARY TEACHER TRAINING

OGDEN LDS INSTITUTE OF RELIGION

en have long sought for an identification understanding to other minds seems insurmountable.

of the qualities, skills, attributes, and Somewhat indicative of the situation, perhaps, is the characteristics of the ideal teacher. A carefutility felt by the young mother who faces the bafful review of the contributions resulting fling task of providing an answer to her threeyear-

from this quest over the years leads to the conclusion old's question, "Mommy, where is Wednesday?"orMthat the teaching process is too complex, too elusive, the reflective expression of the Lord as he addressed

to capture with the written word. Even if one comprethe Prophet Joseph Smith: "Unto what shall I liken

hended and understood the nature of the ideal these... that you may understand."(D&C 88:46.)

teacher, the limitations involved in conveying such But, in spite of the obstacles involved both in un198 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA derstanding and in communicating, the effort congether. When this happens customers soon notice the

tinues—it must, for in this very effort lies part of the difference and go elsewhere to trade. Likewise, when

secret of success in teaching. We must continue to a grocer is slothful and chooses a poor quality of

search, to discover, and to share even the fragments perishable produce or lets it spoil through neglect, of understanding, if not comprehensive truths. Hopehe soon loses his customers.

fully, the following paragraphs contribute to this The grocery store situation is very applicable to striving for development that is characteristic of teaching. It is true, a teacher needs the dry goods,

growth—of life itself. the staples of life, the seasonings, and so forth, but

Teachers who inspire come in many and varied he also needs the perishable product to be truly patterns, but they have a common ground—a type of successful. He needs to provide that timely, pertinent

magnetism which links itself with the motivation of information which is a meaningful part of the stutheir class members. This magnetism is an elusive dent's interest and experience at the moment—not

thing: it transcends personality and propagates inpast history and not unfulfilled prophecy, but presentterest in the most unlikely students. day current events. Too often the difficulties conmany ways the great teacher is comparable nected with continually procuring and constantly

to the modern, efficient, and wisely operated caring for this perishable product become tiresomeIngrocery store. In such a store the shelves are and discouraging. When this happens some teachers

well stocked. There is such a variety of wellcease to stock the perishable items. The "customers"

displayed and delectable items as to meet not only soon notice the difference and would much prefer the ordinary customer's needs, but also the wants of "shopping"elsewhere. But this freedom and the opthe most enterprising gourmet. The successful grocer portunity to go elsewhere is not always a possibility.

cleverly stimulates his customers to purchase items Therefore, students remain in a captive state under they had not originally intended to procure. He does a teacher who lacks a supply of the nourishment they

this by arranging his merchandise in an attractive need. They continue to come to class out of loyalties,

and palatable manner, by asking fair prices, and by enduring but not enjoying, coming in spite of and occasionally offering bargains "too good"to pass up. not because of the teacher's offerings. True, students

Similarly, the inspiring teacher is so equipped and have a responsibility to contribute, to bring something supplied that he is able to induce his students to enjoy to class, but it is with the teacher that the opportunity rather than merely endure the learning experience. and the responsibility reside to vitalize their classLike the grocer, he too must possess, display, and room experience. This cannot be successfully accomdistribute his "goods."He must display and distribute plished in religious education if the teacher ignores

them at the right time and in the proper places, the perishable product.

amounts, and combinations. Just how this is done learning, to be stimulating and meaningshould be determined to some extent by the nature ful, must be integrated with past knowledge. Few of the customers involved. The better a grocer knows The past and the future are bursting with

his customers, the more effective he will be in serving value, but they are most meaningful to the them. Likewise, the better a teacher knows his stumajority of students when they are integrated with

dents, the more effective he will be in meeting their the here and now. A dynamic and effective projection

needs and in guiding them toward success. of the past and the future into the present is mandaall the points that could be considered at tory to good teaching. This process involves feelings

length in this simple analogy, there is one and feelings are contemporary. One must feel theOfthat seems particularly vital because it is so past and feel the future through the contemporary.

often neglected. This has to do with the Herein lies the value of the perishable product. It is

perishable product and how it is handled. Grocers the means whereby a teacher can link the past and the

expend considerable time, money, and effort to future, the concrete and the abstract, with life at regularly procure and meticulously care for great the moment. Each course in the curriculum needs to

amounts of perishable produce—items that contain have balance, just as each individual needs a balanced

nourishment not available in other types of stock diet. The difficulty is that the perishable product

goods. These items can only be retained in salable cannot be included in the written outline—in the text

form for a few days. They then become unappetizing book. Consequently, every written outline lacks balor useless and must be replaced. This is an expensive ance in its printed form. It lacks the perishable

and often discouraging operation. When the difficulproduct—the items that are salable for only a few

ties of procuring and handling the perishable product days. It is the teacher's responsibility to obtain a

become tiresome, expensive, and discouraging, some supply of these items, to care for them and integrate grocers cut down or cease to stock such items altothem into the subject (Continued on page 239)

MARCH 1966 199 BY PRESIDENT AND SISTER LESLIE O. BREWER

FORMERLY OF THE CENTRAL AMERICAN MISSION AQ BlLAO When we arrived in Guatemala, headquarters of the Central American Mission, in July 1962, President

Victor C. Hancock, whom we were relieving, began

telling us about the Cuna people of the San Bias

Islands and urging us to visit the islands as soon as possible.

In fulfillment of this advice, here we were at the

Panama City airport with our first counselor of the mission. The little red and white Cessna looked airworthy, but the native pilot seemed immature. (We

were to learn that he never took chances with the plane or passengers. ) We were soon airborne, and the

lush green vegetation around old Panama City was below us. Off to the left, the thin line of the Panama

Canal could be distinguished. In just a few miles we

crossed the continental divide, covered with mist and clouds, and soon the Atlantic Ocean was in view.

Then below us we saw the first tiny island of the

San Bias group. It was covered with thatched huts,

Arm, neck beads A line down the nose and gold Needlework of San Bias, called On ceremonial occasions women gild Cuna girls. nose rings are marks of beauty. mola, is brilliantly colored. wear fiveinch gold earrings.

Peopleandthe Chutvh

so close together that they seemed continuous, with large outboard motor, and soon we were on our way one larger white building. And there in the water on water as placid as any small lake. The vast area

were the miniature canoes of the island people, with of the islands is protected by coral reefs which keep sails and paddles, being used for fishing and traveling out waves and high seas.

from one island to the other. Who are these people and why are they so highly

We were to land on Porvenir, a larger island withrespected by "Anglo"and Panama native alike? There

out a village, but with a hotel for tourists. It did not are over 360 islands—50 of them inhabited—in the San

look large enough for an airstrip, but we landed safely. Bias Archipelago. They spread from near Colon at

The only native in sight was Jungle Jim, about four the end of the Panama Canal almost to the Colombian feet, ten inches tall, who manages the small hotel and border. Lying in the Atlantic they range in distance

arranges boat trips to nearby island villages of the from the coastline from onehalf mile to more than

Cuna people. We entered the lobby of the hotel and ten miles. One of the possible sites for a future seawere immediately attracted by a mold framed on the level canal lies in this area. The islands vary in sizewall. The mold is the needlework of the San Bias some containing not more than 100 square yards of

women done in brilliant colors and made by untold coral projecting above the water, others accommodathours of hand sewing. The designs are drawn from ing the huts of several thousand natives.

natural and modern sources. This one was a copy of The Cuna is an ancient people whose origin dates

the RCA Victor listening dog with the motto in English back many centuries before the arrival of the Euroand some of the letters turned backwards. peans. In 1501 the San Bias coast was visited by

Our destination was one of the islands of the Carti Spaniards who found the Cuevas, a related tribe. They

group called Carti Tupile. This people had earlier traded with them for pearls and gold. In the 17th

been visited by the LDS missionaries, and although century the Spaniards tried to subdue the Cuna. A

none of them were baptized at that time, a missionary big expeditionary force was fitted out for this purwho tried to land on the island soon after was refused pose, but failed.

admittance as the people said, "We Mormons."In the early part of the 18th century the peoples

Jungle Jim had a sort of launch that was not much had contact with the Scottish, English, and French.

more than a flat boat about twentyfive feet long and Again the Spaniards tried to subjugate them and again ten feet wide with a canopy for shade. He attached a failed. In 1741 they concluded a peace treaty with

the Cuna.

When Spain lost her colonies in South America, the

Isthmus of Panama fell to Colombia. In 1904, with

United States support, Panama declared its indeSAN BL.AS ISLANDS

pendence and took over most of the San Bias area.

In 1925 the Cunas proclaimed the independent republic of Tule. Later the authority of Panama

was reestablished.

PANAMA bidden.IntermarriageSome islandswith outsidersdecree thathas alwaysno strangerbeen forcan

stay on the island after sundown.

In appearance the Cuna is short with overdeveloped chest and arms from paddling canoes. The dress of

the men is not unusual, but the women all wear brightcolored blouses made of two molds with sleeves inserted. A native skirt ( Continued on page 236

MARCH 1966 20I

The Goodness of A workman rose to give me his seat on a crowded bus.

"I don't want to take your place,"People

BY ANNIE LAURIE VON TUNGELN I said. "I know you've worked all

night and you must be tired."(He

had told me about his work one day when we waited at a bus corner together.

He bowed. "But you have a day's

work ahead of you."

It wasn't the action itself that makes this one of the memorable incidents in my file on the goodness of people, for other men occasionally offer me a seat—despite the

frequently repeated statement that knighthood no longer even puts out a bud. It was the gallantry of the

remark and the accompanying smile that went straight to my heart. The

unwonted courtesy made me feel queenly, as if Sir Walter Raleigh had just thrown down his cloak with an invitation to walk on it.

I like to keep goingthe-secondmile incidents handy to mull over on a rainy day, and sometimes on a bright one. When I need to restore my faith in people, as I do

now and then, or when I want a boost, I pull an incident of special luster from the private file case of my mind and review it. On such

occasions I am always reminded that many a heart is full of goodness even in a world that sometimes seems callow and hard and cruel with every man for himself.

Although my goodness file—as

I have kept it consciously—isn't

very old, it is already stuffed with examples.

It began in April 1962 with Bud

202 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Wilkinson, who was at that time special consultant ference is that now I look for it.

to the President on youth fitness and famed University Mr. Wilkinson is the only "name"in my file. Most

of Oklahoma football coach. The editor of a teenage of my proofs of goodness are shipsthat-passin-themagazine had asked me to interview Mr. Wilkinson night incidents furnished by persons as obscure as I.

and write an article about him. I don't know their names, and they don't know mine.

I arrived half an hour early at the office of Harold One summer my sister and I spent a night in

Keith, director of sports publicity for the University Amherst, Massachusetts, our first visit there. After

of Oklahoma, through whom arrangements had been a delightful dinner in an oldfashioned inn, we made, expecting only to confirm my appointment and climbed the hill to Amherst College. When we reached

either wait there or stroll about the campus until the campus we asked the attendant about some of the time for it. buildings. He mentioned that the Fine Arts BuildThe secondmile reception I received in that office ing was his favorite and, although it was almost dusk,

was a prelude to Mr. Wilkinson's kindness. Mr. Keith eagerly offered to give us a glimpse. He turned on

greeted me warmly and said Bud would see me right the lights in the beautiful building, and soon my sister away, he felt sure, but he'd just run across to the and I were enjoying an escorted tour. He took us to

next building where the coach was meeting with his see the parts he loved best—the room with the

assistants and find out. hieroglyphics (he stumbled over the word a bit) and

He came back with a goahead and whisked me the old English room with the handcarved furniinto Mr. Wilkinson's office. For a moment I was ture—although it was obvious that he took pride in

flustered in the presence of the great man—as inept every inch.

as I had been the day I enrolled in the university Next, he suggested that we should see the War many years ago, a freshman from a small Oklahoma Memorial and started to direct us to it. "No, I'll take

town. I dropped my gloves. He picked them up. One you myself,"he decided. "I wouldn't for the world

of my earrings came off and bounced across the floor. have you miss the beautiful view from there."

He crawled under the desk to retrieve it. He pulled a bag from his pocket. "Here, have some

When he finally got me assembled, Mr. Wilkinson candy,"he said companionably. "My wife and I love

held out his hand. "It was good of you to come,"these hard cinnamon drops."

he said simply. Those words put me at ease in spite The hillock affords a broad outlook over the town

of the unflattering introduction I had given myself. and the valley. As we gazed across the meadows that

He sent me out of his office walking on air. It stretch to the hills around, we were grateful to our

wasn't just because the interview had been so pleasant sponsor for pointing out this spot of loveliness. Al-

—although it was the best I ever had—nor that he though we toured New England for several weeks,

had given unstintedly of his time and granted me the nothing on the entire trip warmed our hearts as that privilege of quoting freely. The goodness that he incident did.

radiated had touched my heart. I felt that I wanted Some folk have the idea that kindliness and neighto proclaim to the world man's humanity to man! borliness are limited to small towns—that people in

I started my collection then and there. I didn't cities are too busy to be bothered. But I have never

have to delve very deep into my memory to recognize been anywhere that I did not experience kindness. I

that this goodness of people which I had suddenly have found that the size of the heart rather than the become conscious of had surrounded me in one form size of the town in which it beats determines goodness.

or another all my life. Kind deeds (and the spontaneous I called a branch post office in Tulsa, where I live,

ones are best! ) are no more frequent now than they've and explained that I had lost an earring. Apoloever been. Goodness crops out everywhere. The difgetically, I asked the (Continued on page 238)

MARCH 1966 203 w hfr\) BY B. COURSIN BLACK Coal Is

I m f!<M

I have a small business of my own. It is neither

hustling nor bustling, though there are times when my clients knock impatiently on the door or telephone hopefully. But there is time for other things: for

making leaf prints or reading an old book by Dallas

Lore Sharp or even indulging memories—not passive

ghosts but mental actualities of beauty that are wonderfully alive.

There was the summer I worked on a farm in Maryland for board and room. When chores were done I

explored the region. Soon I came upon an old logging

Mfffl road that wound through a dense forest. On rare

In / occasions a Model T rattled and banged along the rutted trail, to be succeeded by brooding silence. On

ii| brightest days the road was dank and dark, yet never l'i; ft to me did it seem dreary. All around were the trees,

IfJfj

s \\MJ \ black with age, and the ground was like a palette for the leaves, which even in August were yellow and dull red and drab brown.

Always, too, were the huge rocks, gray wraiths covered by lichen and moss and even ferns. This was

not a friendly woods, but sullen and strange. I had

heard that wildcats had lairs among the rocks, and followed anyone who walked the lonely road, and sometimes, it was said, had crouched on large tree branches and pounced upon the unwary traveler.

I have never forgotten that road that wound between the dense trees, and the huge rocks. It was good to

know its loneliness, for there are hidden, halfforgotten depths within us that respond to mystery and black, somber things. Fungus and toadstools stir as vividly

as the dainty loveliness of violets and trilliums. I

wish now I had seen a wildcat—it may be the sanctuary of the years making that wish! The gloomy

shadows of a forest have none of the manmade chill of terror of dark alleys and nighttime parks.

Later in Michigan there was a meadow full of frost hummocks like miniature tepees. At dawn I stood by

a stump watching two slender trees whose green

Hardened Sunlight

leaves pointed to the sky, gradually turning to greenWrapped in every package, latent in everything we silver as the sun rose. There was inspirational symsell, is the fulfillment of an ideal, the completion of a

bolism in those trees. Sometimes in midafternoon I dream. Part of ourselves is in every product. A client,

went to the same spot, watching the carpenter ants, a customer, buys more than a tool or a can of beans the butterflies like mottled light, aware of the inor a television set—he invests his faith in the maker.

visible life of the woods, feeling companionship with He believes in the extra something that cannot be dethe manifestations of nature. And one memorable fined in any advertisement or stated in any warranty.

morning I took refuge under the trees and watched He expects and he must get a spiritual counterpart.

the rain drip silver; gray sky and leaden fields brought Flowers, we understand, respond to affection. Conthat sadness that is really an ecstasy of the spirit. tented cows reward the care given by more and better

Spring brought a swing, a bright new lilt, a festival milk. The laborer does not dig a ditch; he helps lay

of eager branches reaching toward the source of their the foundation for a skyscraper. The painting is more

strength. Summer brings a maturity of the woods, a than oils and canvas; it contains part of the personality

greater dignity, but during the afternoon siesta time of the painter. Anything we make or create or do

the leaves danced and murmured a lullaby. Autumn is with love is unmistakable. The word "love"has been

the carnival time, when the fresh leaves of a few greatly misused, but each of us knows innately its months ago have become gnomes in dull gold and true meaning.

variegated hues and a breeze far from the far reaches We dream. We find our own way of expressing love

of space makes them rustle like elfin chuckles. Then and understanding and faith in God in what we do.

the seeming desolation of winter transforms the fields We find and keep our ideals and zest by lifting our and woods into black and white etchings, and houses eyes to the stars in our own ways. Memories of nature

in the distance send lazy smoke into the sky from help me. I have learned very few botanical names,

their chimneys. but I feel kinship with all growing, living things. Here

And what have all these things got to do with the in Arizona I have my own porch where I watch the conduct of a business? What have leaves got to do mercurial, intense, brilliant sunsets, given indescribwith paper and manifolds, and what connection does able richness of hue by the desert sands that fill the

a glimpse of sunlight filtering through heavy trees air. As each color pulsates, fades, glows, fades again,

have with invoices, bills of lading, and income tax until the sun sinks in a red glow behind the grim, reports? Well, the tools of trade and the mechanics rocky hills, there comes that renewal, that rebirth,

of work are but the material facilities. Do they themthat animates whatever I try to do.

selves constitute a business? Long years ago a miner told me, "For weeks I may

In our work we deal with people. Whatever be the not see the outdoors. I do not need to,"he said simply.

nature of our work, it primarily consists of ideas, "Coal is hardened sunlight and has all the beauty of a enthusiasm, sincerity, simple honesty, and integrity. primeval woods."

We make more than goods or products; we supply Beauty, remembered, does not belong to long ago

more than a service. We offer a fulfillment. Our and far away. It is here and now in our minds. And

knowledge and skill are necessary ingredients; but it is just as real in whatever we are doing and will

without something more, our work is reduced to transform our work into that something extra and our mechanical doing, and we sell only an outer husk. offerings into more than the material.

MARCH 1966 205 Hundreds of tanks and jeeps rolled by in front of us. Thousands of soldiers, men and women, marched

flagsby, carrying guns. April or bayoneted It was 16, "The House of state1964, old. sixteen years and the of Israel was

The thousands of spectators that lined the streets of

Beersheba exuberantly cheered this holiday. These

people were once more in their homeland after Judah Shall nearly two thousand years of being scattered over the world.

How strange, I thought; all of these people are

here for a very important reason, a reason staggering Walk with in its impact, but for the most part they don't know what it is. I wonder what would have happened if I

had turned to the blackmoustached man next to me said, are that in thisand country you "Do you know the House of all is thisso that receive ready land our can when

Lord Jesus Christ?"This impulse remained checked,?i

and the blackmoustached man went on feeding amelting ice cream bar to his little girl. It's difficult Israel

to be in a crowd and feel that one is the only person present who knows a secret of infinite importance BY CAROL LYNN WRIGHT and also knows that the crowd is not interested in hearing it.

Just then one of the bands began to play "The Battle

Hymn of the Republic,"a singularly Christian march N. \ T\

of American origin. I was immediately struck with

the huge irony of the thing. Of course they sang a

different set of words, but to my mind came the wellknown version. "Mine eyes have seen the glory

of the coming of the Lord.""It's true,"I wanted to

call out to them. "You're singing the right song, but

you don't know the words."Here was a country

singing a glorious song to which it did not yet know the words.

I had arisen at threethirty that morning to climb into a large truck with fifty other people to make the fivehour journey to Beersheba from Ein Hashofet to the kibbutz on which I was to live for the next three months. A kibbutz is a communal farm. Here I was

to be a temporary resident along with some sixty other young people, our purpose being to work half a day on the land and attend classes in Hebrew the other half.

All but two of us were Jews, myself and a young man also from America. I was not made to feel un-

uV TV welcome because of this, but definitely I was a curithe future. Or in the early morning I would pause

osity—not only was I a Christian, I was a Mormon in my work of painting grapefruit trees or weeding

as well. It didn't take long for word to get around the cucumbers to watch jets streak through the sky.

the ulpan (Hebrew school) that I belonged to this It's a strange feeling to hear a country sing a song peculiar religion, and soon I began to receive questo which it doesn't know the right words.

tions about it. "Why aren't you singing in a choir The day before I left Israel I heard a remarkable

somewhere?"asked Sharrona from Chicago. "That's duet—a prophecy in miniature that will one day be

my only concept of a Mormon."Other people's confulfilled over and over—Judah and Joseph singing

cepts of Mormonism were sometimes equally untogether. I had spent that week with the Jovail

enlightened, but always it was something regarded Dancers from Pasadena ( California ) Stake, who were with curiosity if not interest. there touring the country and performing Israeli

The first week I was there*, my roommate Mary dances. Wherever they went the audiences were

Anna came rushing in with incredulous eyes. "Carol captivated. Said one young man who sat beside me,

Lynn, why did you not tell me you are a Mormon?""Nekhmadim, nekhmadim (charming, charming)."

"You didn't ask me."Wednesday, July eighth, we went to Tel Aviv, where

"Oh, but you should tell me!"Mary Anna had the dancers performed for the Central Committee of

been born in Russia and had escaped through Berlin Israeli Dancing. There on the open veranda they

with her family a year before the wall went up. "In performed for about fifty people, who were themGermany we studied about many religions, and they selves experts in the Israeli dance. As the dancers

are not so interesting. But Mormons—they are difperformed with characteristic excellence of technique

ferent—they are very interesting. Sometime you must and spirit, the audience stared in unabashed delight.

tell me all about it."Their applause for each number was prolonged and

In the months of my stay there I told many people sincere.

about it. Sometimes even unleashing the urge I stifled After the last dance the chairwoman of the comat the parade, I tried to explain our beliefs about the mittee arose and said, "We have had many emotional

return of the Jews and what was in store for this experiences in our work with dancing. Last night was

people in the future. I had with me a copy of Orson a special celebration here commemorating the Israeli

Hyde's prayer in which he dedicated the Holy Land dance. I did not weep last night. Today I wept.

on Sunday morning, October 24, 1841, for the return You are wonderful. You have something we do not

of the Jewish people. Many times I read the prayer have."And then the whole group danced together,

to various of my friends there, and always they found all of us, marching out onto the lawn, singing and it impressive. "That man was really a prophet,"comwaving branches from nearby trees. It was then that

mented one. the accordion burst into "Mine eyes have seen the

But each of the returning Jews has his own reason glory of the coming of the Lord."There we were,

for returning to Israel, which to him often does not Joseph and Judah, singing different words, but the tie up with the larger plan. Steve from England came same melody.

for a while because he never could get a suntan in "In those days the house of Judah shall walk with

London. Others came just to see what was happening the house of Israel...."(Jer. 3:18.) When prophecy

in this country. Many felt like Danny from Morocco is fulfilled, it utilizes those who are ready. Joseph

when he said, "I came here to stay because I know cannot reach his destiny without Judah, nor can the world does not want me."Judah without Joseph. The days of walking together

Our kibbutz was seven and onehalf miles away are only beginning. Each must learn much from the

from Armageddon. I liked to go out and sit on the other. This will happen, and the united house of

hay sometimes at night and watch the lights over Jacob will one day be prepared to sing unitedly there and contemplate what would be happening in hymns of praise to their God.

wwrf: What words in our language have brought more happiness

to people 1 I 9 than the magical

BY SHIRLEY M. DEVER

"Three little words, eight little letters,"the lyrics of the nostalgic song begin. What three words in our

language have brought more happiness to more people than the three magical words "I love you."

Whether they are said by a couple who are "going steady,"a couple who have become engaged, or a married couple, they never lose their tender meaning.

Later, when parents say "I love you"to a child, they are expressing a different kind of love; but it is just

as meaningful, every bit as tender. Yet, there are many

times in life when we don't say "I love you"to some- \ one even though we feel it with all our heart. Then

We may express it in a different manner. A friend

grants a tremendous favor; we might tell our friend,

"You're wonderful,"which, in effect, means the same tthing.

The confusing thing about love is that there are so any different kinds of love: the love between a man

and a woman, the love between parents and their children, the love we feel for our friends and neighbors, and even the love we have for certain places.

JBut no matter what particular kind of love we mav

Jfeel at a given moment, the warm glow that spells happiness is always present when we love. God tells

...:'us to love. He tells us we are all brothers and sisters

and that we are to love one another. Just think of how

quickly our world problems would be solved if we did all love each other.

There is more to love than merely telling someone "I love you."In this greatest of all human emotions,

it is true that "actions speak louder than words."

We must continually prove that we love our fellow

I""""* prI,. 1 1, XA/C""'* I i Il—"r * - V w %+mS P?mLI111

human beings by our actions. A husband may tell you respect this couple. You wait until you know

his wife "I love you"faithfully every day, but if his their relationship is dissolved before you accept.

actions toward her do not bear him out, how can she Likewise at home you respect your brothers'and believe him? If he is constantly rude and inconsiderate sisters'possessions. If you must borrow, you always

to his wife, she'll wonder if he is merely "buttering ask first. You don't run in and out of their room as if

her up."Or she may feel he is easing a guilty it's your room. In a home everyone needs privacy, a

conscience. place to hang his hat and call his very own. When

Volunteering to help others before you have to be we love our families we remember to respect their asked is a surefire way to prove your feeling for rights. Again we prove that we care for them.

someone else. It may be helping mom with the dishes Lavishing praise on others when they perform well

or washing the car for dad or running an errand for is another way of expressing love. When you tell a

your older sister. If you can anticipate another pergirl friend she's great after she's sung a solo at a

son's wishes before he asks for assistance, you've gone school assembly and when you tell a star football a long way toward proving your love for him. player he's great after he catches a pass for a touchAll of us have annoying little habits that annoy down, you are letting them know you care, that you're

those we live with. When we make an attempt to rooting for them. And let's face it. All of us need

correct ourselves, we are going a step further to show backers in the bleachers rooting for us.

that we care. For instance, if you always leave your The thing to remember in expressing love verbally

room in a shambles, you can be sure your mother is is to be sure you are sincere. When you really mean

annoyed. Why not give her the break she deserves? it, when the words tumble out spontaneously, you can

Get up a little earlier than you normally do. Make an be sure that the recipient of your tender words will

effort to leave your room neat before you go to school believe you.

or pursue weekend plans. She'll be shocked at first. When someone says "I love you"to you or expresses

But deep down, she's going to feel that you really it in another way, either by actions or words, be sure love her. You just proved it to her. to respond. Let them know you heard them or that

Love and respect are pretty close allies. When you you were aware of the kind deed they performed for

go to a party you make sure that you go home with you. Don't give them the "block of wood"treatment

the boy who brought you—not your girl friend's date. if you expect to hear expressions of love again. For

You think a lot of her, so you must respect the fact being able to receive love in the right spirit is as that he's her date for the evening. If a couple are important as being able to give love to another.

"going steady,"you respect this fact. Perhaps in a Let's learn to love, for love does make the world

weak moment the boy might try to date you. But go around.

MARCH 1966 209

SUGGESTED MUSIC Tragedy or Destiny 'Tor it must needs be, that there

.. in all things. is an opposition 180)

...... wickedness, righteousness FOR MIA STAKE (Continued from page

father or mother is taken from a holiness... misery... good

... bad...."(2 Nephi 2:11.) CONFERENCES family, or when violent deaths

occur. Some become bitter when We are assured by the Lord that

oftrepeated prayers seem unanthe sick will be healed if the

The Lord Is a Mighty God 20 swered. Some lose faith and turn ordinance is performed, if there is

ill if faith, sufficient the one administrations and sour solemn whenLet Oft Speak Kind Words Us is ". death ignored not unto appointed to be seem holy men by 25 Other Each To "three are to 42:48.) Here restoration seems come no. (D&C. and

-20 from repeated prayer circles. But factors. Many do not comply withThe Morning Breaks—

if all the sick were healed, if all the the ordinances, and great numbers

Let the Mountains Shout righteous were protected and the are unwilling or incapable of exerFor Joy -.25 wicked destroyed, the whole procising sufficient faith. But there

is anim- factor the other Father of which be would looms the gramJesus Name of Wond'rous principle are basic appointed not of portant: if they the nulled and

-.25 Love is act of free agency, death. would gospel, unto Every the God

Still, Still With Thee 25 be ended. purposeful. He sees the end from

the beginning. He knows what will

The Everlasting Arms 25 build us, or tear us down, and what

Sheep May Safely Graze 25 will thwart the program and what POPULARITY will give us eventual triumph.

BY JESSIE C. ELDRIDGE The Lord does not always heal

the sick, nor save those in hazard- / find teenagers very nice, ous zones. He does not always

Especially the girls... they tarry relieve suffering and distress, for

Music Co To speak to me upon the street, evenconditionsthese mayseeminglybe partundesirableof a purBox 2009 plan. And even ask if they might carry poseful Being Idaho 83401 Idaho Falls, human we would expel

My bundles for me... to my door, fromphysicalourpain,lives,andsorrow,mental distress.anguish

Then stay awhile to help me and assure ourselves of continual more! ease and comfort. But if we closed

the doors upon such, we might be

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY I may become the teenage evicting our greatest friends and rage; benefactors. Suffering can make

Presents.... saints of people as they learn pa-

I have four sons all marriage tience, longsuffering, and selfage! mastery. The sufferings of our

Savior were part of his education.

"Though he were a Son, yet learned he obedience by the things

If pain and sorrow and total punwhich he suffered;

ishment immediately followed the "And being made perfect, he bedoing of evil, no soul would repeat came the author of eternal salva- a misdeed. If joy and peace and tion unto all them that obev

rewards were instantaneously given him...."(Heb. 5:8-9.)

the doer of good, there could be no I love the verse of "How Firm a evil—all would do good and not Foundation"—

a gondola ride in Venice, Italy; a puppet because of the Tightness of doing "When through the deep waters I

performance in Salzburg, Austria; a tour good. There would be no test of call thee to go,

of East Berlin, Germany; a play at Epistrength, no development of charThe rivers of sorrow shall not thee

daurus, Greece; and many more outstandacter, no growth of powers, no free o'erflow,

ing events on the adult PEOPLES AND agency, no Satanic controls. For I will be with thee, thy troubles

to bless, all prayers Should be immedisanctify to thee thy deepest ARTS TOUR OF EUROPE. Spend 52 days ately according answered to our And

enjoying the sights and wonders of Euselfish desires and our limited undistress."(Kirkham, Hymns, 66.)

rope with your directors MERRILL BRADderstanding, then there would be And Elder James E. Talmage

SHAW and RALPH WOODWARD of the little or no suffering, sorrow, diswrote

B. Y. U. Music Department. appointment, or even death; and if "No pang that is suffered by man

these were not, there would also or woman upon the earth will be for detailed information write: be an absence of joy, success, without its compensating effect...

resurrection, eternal life, and if it met with patience."

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY godhood. On the other hand, these things

DEPARTMENT OF TRAVEL STUDY PROVO, UTAH 84601

210 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA can crush us with their mighty im- 4:2527.) at the stake, and in doing so I

pact if we yield to weakness, comThe power of the priesthood is might have irreparably damaged plaining, and criticism. limitless, but God has wisely placed him and limited him to a lower

Elder Orson F. Whitney wrote: upon each of us certain limitations. kingdom. He died a martyr and

"No pain that we suffer, no trial I may develop priesthood power as went to a martyr's reward—exaltathat we experience is wasted. It I perfect my life. I am grateful tion. He would have lived on the

ministers to our education, to the that even through the priesthood I earth and could have lost his faith, development of such qualities as cannot heal all the sick. I might his courage, even his virtue, and

patience, faith, fortitude and huheal people who should die. I his exaltation.

mility. All that we suffer and all that might relieve people of suffering I would likely have protected

we endure, especially when we enwho should suffer. I fear I would Paul against his woes if my power

dure it patiently, builds up our frustrate the purposes of God. were boundless. I would surely

characters, purifies our hearts, exHad I limitless power, and yet have healed his "thorn in the pands our souls, and makes us more limited vision and understanding, I flesh."And in doing so I might have

tender and charitable, more worthy might have saved Abinadi from the foiled the program and relegated to be called the children of God flames of fire when he was burned him to lower glories. Thrice he

... and it is through sorrow and

suffering, toil and tribulation, that we gain the education that we come here to acquire and which will make us more like our Father in Motherand heaven....""IT IS SAD TO DO THINGS stated: Lord The

"... he that hath faith in me to FOR THE LAST TIME"

be healed, and is not appointed unto death, shall be healed."

(D&C 42:48.)

If not "appointed unto death"RICHARD L. EVANS

and sufficient faith is developed, life can be spared. But if there is There was a wistful note in the voice that said it: "It is sad to do things

not enough faith, many die before for the last time."1 Certainly it is sad to do good and pleasant things

their time. It is evident that even for the last time. It is sad to part from beloved people for the last time,

the righteous will not always be to part from useful tasks we have become accustomed to, to look for the healed, and even those of great last time upon the face of a friend, to leave behind beautiful and lovelyfaith will die when it is according scenes, to leave behind any cherished part of life. It is sad to see the

to the purpose of God. The Prophet present move into the past. But here and now, this is how life is lived.

Joseph Smith died in his thirties It moves one way; it moves forever forward; it will not wait; there is

as did the Savior. Solemn prayers none of it that we can hold to, none that we can rerun. We must move,

were answered negatively. as time moves—from the present to the future. But we pause a moment

In his own home town, Nazareth, for searching, for reflection, for appraisal, a moment for seeing ourselves

Jesus said unto them: and our surroundings. In his long, lengthening days, Winston Churchill

"Ye will surely say unto me was asked if he would like to live his life over, to which he replied:

this proverb, Physician, heal thy- "Happy, vivid and full of interest as it has been, I do not seek to tread self: whatsoever we have heard again the toilsome and dangerous path. Not even an opportunity of

done in Capernaum, do also here making a different set of mistakes and experiencing a different series in thy country."(Luke 4:23.) of adventures and successes would lure me...."- He seemed not so

"But Jesus said unto them, A sure that he might do so well the second time as he did the first time prophet is not without honour, save through, nor could any of us be certain. We sometimes think we would,

in his own country, and in his own but we do not always do better, not even when we know better. In any

house. case, we may well be grateful we have arrived as well as we have,

"And he did not many mighty and grateful for hope and faith and assurance for the future—assurance

works there because of their unof an eternal plan and pmpose that we can count on. No hour returns,

belief."(Matt. 13:5758.) no day, no year. But we have reason to be grateful that truth and

And then he continued: intelligence, that memory and people are perpetuated in our Father's

"But I tell you of a truth, many plan and purpose. "I desire no future,"said George Eliot, "that will

widows were in Israel in the days break the ties of the past."3 Thank God for this assurance: that family

of Elias,... when great famine and friends, that life and loved ones are everlasting; that we need not

was throughout all the land; look for the last time on that which matters most. And as we look both

"But unto none of them was Elias ways at once, gratefully we recall this grateful utterance: "There is a

sent, save unto Sarepta, a city of Future, O thank God!"4

Sidon, unto a woman that was a widow. lTamnra Ashby Evans.

"And many lepers were in Israel 3GeorseAttributedEliotto (181980),Winston Churchill.English novelist.

in the time of Eliseus the Prophet; 'Henry de Lafayette Webster, Lorena.

and none of them was cleansed, "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia saving Naaman the Syrian."(Luke Broadcasting System, December 26, 1965. Copyright 1965.

MARCH 1966 211

offered prayers, asking the Lord to mourning we have reason to rejoice remove the "thorn"from him, but as they are delivered from evil and

... the Lord did not so answer his we shall have them again.

prayers. Paul many times could "The only difference between the

have lost himself if he had been old and the young dying is, one eloquent, well, handsome, and free lives longer in heaven and eternal from the things which made him light and glory than the other, and humble. ( Read 2 Corinthians, chapis freed a little sooner from this

ter 12. miserable, wicked world."(Docu-

I fear that had I been in Carmentary History of the Church, thage Jail on June 27, 1844, I might Vol. 4, pp. 553554.)

have deflected the bullets which In the Doctrine and Covenants pierced the bodies of the Prophet we read:

and the Patriarch. I might have "Yea, and blessed are the dead

... saved them from the sufferings and that die in the Lord.

agony, but lost to them the martyr's "... he that liveth when the

death and reward. I am glad I did Lord shall come, and hath kept the

not have to make that decision. faith, blessed is he; nevertheless, it

With such uncontrolled power, I is appointed to him to die at the surely would have felt to protect age of man."(D&C 63:4950.)

Christ from the insults, the thorny All are not healed or saved, even crown, the indignities in the court, though great faith is manifested.

physical injuries. Perhaps I would Hear the Lord again:

have struck down his persecutors "And the elders of the church.

with shafts of lightning. When he

hung on the cross I would have rescued him and would have administered to his wounds and cooling giving him them, "Where the World healed

I vinegar. might SALUTING SPRING of water instead

Registers"have saved him from death and lost to the world an atoning sacrifice BY EDNA JULIA KELLER

Your next trip to Denver—the and frustrated the whole program.

climate capital of America—Would you dare to take the reAicake, springtime breezes, heed

will be most memorable when sponsibility of bringing back to your goal;

you stay at the Brown Palace. life your own loved ones? I, myThis weary wintry world, needs

600 air conditioned rooms self, would hesitate to do so. I am gladdening.

pray: always that we may suites rooms grateful and executive each sleeping into life all for Breathe things, in will done be "Thy

restaurants five famous knoll, stream and is best."I am what knowest Thou

complete convention glad I do not have the decisions to And start the dozing weeping wilaccommodations make. We might consign loved lows'swing.

loss of to ones faculties, loss of Of penetrating blasts they've had To expedite your reply, write Dept. IE terrible doom. powers,

Everyone must die. Death is an enough.

important part of life. Of course, All nature waits for glamor, warmth

KARL W. MEHLMANN, General Manager we are never quite ready for the of sun.

Represented when out knowing Not by: change. are shaking clouds eager it When MEMBER p WARNER R0BERJ fight to properly come, should we their fluff City York New

life. retain *&*—our

W. GLENN FAWCETT it's time spring, for beckoning And death? afraid of so are Angeles Los we Why

We pray for the sick, we adminisgarden fun.V ter to the afflicted, we implore the

Lord to heal and reduce pain and The bustling robins call. Full speed

death, life and postpone and save outdoors! A for a is eternity so, but monerlv clowns the scurrying playful so Like

Specialist? Photo frightful? so awful? W Genealogical

leap; rabbits conSmith Prophet Joseph The We offer:

Complete Reproduction Service firmed: Go 'way, you mischievous conGuaranteed Quality "The Lord takes many away, spirators!

Service Prompt Prices even in infancy, that they may I'll rake the garden's winter coat. Reasonable

Send name and address for complete price escape the envy of man, and the Bulbs deep this nresent of lists of protective envelopes for supply sorrows and evils and originals. mailing your too In laughing soil awake to peekaboo pure, too were they world;

WESTRIDGE PHOTOARTS lovely, to live on earth; therefore, With glamorous spring in happy

4219 W. 3500 So. Tel. 2992801 if rightly considered, instead of rendezvous.

Salt Lake City, Utah V AddressName J 212 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 'mwm

60 YEARS OF PROGRESS r

An Oustanding Record of Integrity! For 60 An Outstanding Record of Service! Deseret

years, Deseret Federal Savings and Loan Federal has an enviable reputation for

Association has been managed by conserfriendly helpful service; convenient too,

vative, forwardlooking men of integrity, with longer office hours, handy downtown guiding the growth and stability of this locations and SaveBy- Mail with postoutstanding institution through wars, deage paid both ways.

prosperity. pressions Now, celebrating and

Anniversary, Jubilee the Diamond Deseret JOSEPHChairmanE. KJAR T. ViceWILLIAMPresidentCOCKAYNEand

Director UtahIdaho Sugar H. TINGEY Federal can point with pride to... CLARENCE

Company President Safety! of Deseret Record Outstanding An GEORGE M. CANNON HUGHFirst PresidencyB. BROWN to failed history in its has never Attorney Federal

L.D.S. Church.

.. B. on time! GARFF. and a dividend D.F.S. is MARK pay

J. MURDOCK of FRANKLIN Chairman institutions, safest savings America's the of Board one of Member Building L.D.S.

at L. HARDY Deseret nittee EMERSON savings account and EVERY

President Vice and a permanto $10,000 by is insured Federal Branch Manager ent agency of the U.S. Government.

An Outstanding Record of Earnings! Over

14,000 savers now enjoy the highest earnings commensurate with safety, currently a big 4%.

Deseret Federal Savings and Loan 44 South Main / Salt Lake City, Utah 841 1

SAVINGS & LOAN ASS N Please open the following Savings Account:

Joint Account Individual Account 44SALTSOUTHIAKE MAINCITY 95 NO.PROVOUNIVERSITY

OPEN ACCOUNT IN NAME(S) (Please Print or Type) ADDRESS Street City State Zip Code

Signature (1) Signature (2) if applicable

Social Security No.

or Tax Identification No. (Required by Federal Law) Amount Enclosed $

along with signature mailed for your will be card. signature cards signature Permanent This is a temporary

your Passbook byreturn mail. DFS SAVINGS IT ACCOUNT YOUR OPEN EASY IS TO SEE HOW

MARCH 1966 213 how much car two or more, shall be called, and can you buy uponshall praythem forin myandname;lay theirand ifhandsthey

today for *1666*? dietheytheylive shallthey shalldie untolive me,unto andme. if

"Thou shalt live together in love, insomuch that thou shalt weep for the loss of them that die, and more especially for those that have not hope of a glorious resurrection.

"And it shall come to pass that those that die in me shall not taste of death, for it shall be sweet unto them; "And they that die not in me, wo unto them, for their death is bitter.

"And again, it shall come to pass that he that hath faith in me to be healed, and is not appointed unto lines. Crisp, clean Solidly 1966 weighted SEDAN. 4-DOOR DATSUN

to lbs. Sized outside at driving 1951 big enough a death, shall be healed."(D&C and parking make

breeze. Sized big enough inside to seat 5 adults in comfort. Powered 42:4448.)

by a precision 1300 cc engine that lets you climb hills with ease and If he "... is not appointed unto

still deliver up to 33 mpg. economy. Equipped with many features found death..."! That is a challenging

electrical volt as only in expensive 12 cars, such system, batterysaving

I there that statement. am confident ball alternator recirculating type and STANDARD

die. a fatalist. a time to I am not stick, includes: heater, seat belts, is 4-speed EQUIPPED WSWgear tires,steering.

bucket seats, padded dash, vinyl interior, deluxe chrome, factory under- I believe that many people die becoat, and many more extras. fore "their time"because they are

DON'T MISS THIS EXCITING ECONOMY CAR -TEST IT! careless, abuse their bodies, take

unnecessary chances, or expose *Plus Lie, themselves to hazards, accidents, Tax, D.&H.

and sickness. Nissan Motor Corp. Box 191, Gardena, California In the modern revelations we DATSUN

read: "... it is my will that my servant

Lyman Wight should continue in preaching for Zion,... and I will

bear him up as on eagles'wings;...

"That when he shall finish his work I may receive him unto myself, even as I did my servant David

Patten, who is with me at this time, and also my servant Edward Partridge, and also my aged servant

Joseph Smith, Sen., icho sitteth

with Abraham at his right hand, and blessed and holy is he, for he is mine."(D&C 124:1819. Italics

added.) Of the antediluvians we read:

"Hast thou marked the old way which wicked men have trodden?

"Which were cut down out of time, whose foundation was overthrown with a flood:

"Which said unto God, Depart from us: and what can the

Almightv do for them?"(Job

Complete cleaning calls for deep cleaning... and new CHEMSEARCH CONCENTRATE penetrates 22:1517.)

deeper, faster... contains exclusive Deepenol 60 penetrating agent! New Chemsearch actually sur- (Continued on page 216)

rounds each speck of grime, lifts up and floats away dirt, leaving behind a clean, sparkling, filmfree surface. Simply mix Chemsearch with water and mop or spray clean... no scrubbing,

no rinsing!

No matter what your business, no matter how large or small your plant, the cost of cleaning is "Come, and let us return unto the always a factor in your maintenance operation. And new Chemsearch can cut cleaning costs by Lord: for he hath torn, and he will

50 per cent! Call or write for further information. heal us; he hath smitten, and he

will hind us up."Hosea 6:1.

NATIONAL CHEMSEARCH CORPORATION

Dallas, Texas 75207P. 10087 0. Box

Angeles Toronto Los York Louis St.—NewDallas

214 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The above "portraits"are microphotographs. They show the granular structure of copper byproducts, enlarged approximately 60 times by the microscope.

Moly, known to her friends in the new $5 million dollar Molybdic Oxide chemical set as Molybdenum Sulfide, and Rhenium Recovery Plant adjacent is a byproduct of copper. to its smelter. That phase was the start

Not satisfied with being merely a up of one of two roasters which will byproduct, Moly has now delivered process molybdenum sulfide from three other byproducts. Two of them the Arthur and Magna Concentrators.

are twins and have been named Technical Grade The plant will be in full production late in May.

Molybdic Oxide and High Purity Molybdic Oxide. It will enable Kennecott to supply the growing

Their little sister is known as Ammonium Perrdemand for two grades of molybdic oxide used as henate. With loving care, she will develop into an alloy to toughen steel. The ammonium per-

a rare and exotic creature, and will change her rhenate will be shipped to a subsidiary, Chase name to Rhenium. Brass and Copper Company, where it subsequently will be made into Rhenium. A rare metal

This all came about when Kennecott's Utah Copcosting about $600 per pound in fabricated form, per Division recently started the first phase of a Rhenium is one of the space age metals.

Sir* K&HnBCOtt Copp&f GfbtpOX&tiOn \fi/ Utah Copper Division wmMmm "An Equal Opportunity Employer"

MARCH 1966 215 TO YOUR HEALTH, (Continued from page 214) Moses'did while in the Mount of

In the Old Testament we find Sinai, while speaking with the this statement: "To every thing Lord."(Mosiah 13:5.) NATURALLY! there is a season, and a time to Occasionally the Redeemer menevery purpose under the heaven: tioned, "... mine hour is not yet

"A time to be born, and a time come."Then as he approached

to die; a time to plant, and a Jerusalem the last time, he antime to pluck up that which is nounced to his disciples: "The hour

planted...."(Eccles. 3:1-2.) is come.... (John 12:23.)

"Be not over much wicked, Returning to the Apostle Paul:

neither be thou foolish: why shouldThe Devil seemingly was deterest thou die before thy time?"mined to destroy him. But until

(Eccles. 7:17.) his time to die had come, all hell

I believe we die prematurely but could not prevail against him.

seldom exceed our time very much, Paul says:

though there are exceptions. Heze- "... I am... in labours more

kiah, twentyfive-yearold king of abundant, in stripes above measure,

Judah, was far more godly than his in prisons more frequent, in deaths successors or predecessors. The oft.

Judean king had an allotted time "Of the Jews five times received to die. I forty stripes save one.

Now you and your family can "In those days was Hezekiah sick "Thrice was I beaten with rods, enjoy the benefits of this modunto death. And the prophet once was I stoned, thrice I suffered

ern electric refinement of the Isaiah,.. came to him, and said shipwreck, a night and a day have

old fashioned twostone flour unto him, Thus saith the Lord, I been in the deep;

mill that preserves nature's Set thine house in order; for thou "... in perils of waters, in perils

marvelous nutrition and flavor shalt die, and not live."of robbers,... in perils in the

with exceptional economy. Hezekiah, loving life as we do, wilderness, in perils in the sea, in

The AllGrain Flour Mill returned his face to the wall and perils among false brethren;

tains the valuable nutrients of wept bitterly: "... in hunger and thirst,... in

grain often lost through whole I have "... remember how cold now and nakedness."(2 Cor. action damaging heat and in truth before thee of walked and 11:2327.)

milling methods. other heart, a perfect Why with fulfilled, his done and have his Until mission was cost of commercial high the pay in that thy terlife which was good labors not could and be

its preservableaches, flour with..."sight. of earth minated powers any by tives additives? and

It was wholly proper that Hezeor hell.

Available in two sizes. kiah,life andlike ourselves,protect it.shouldTheclingLordto andHe inboreRometestimonyand herein Jerusalemin the Guaranteed.

Easy terms available. yielded unto his prayers. capital of the world; his work fin-

"... I have heard thy prayer, I ished, he died a martyr according

For full information, write: have seen thy tears: behold, I will to tradition and prophecy, but not

... until his "time to die"had come did ALLGRAIN FLOUR MILL heal thee.

I will unto thy days join the immortals. "And add he

Dept. E, P. 0. Box 168, fifteen deliver I will years; thee and C. Heber Kimball was given an

Brigham City, Utah and this city out of the hand of the unusual promise by the Lord showDea le rsh ips ma ihi b le. king of Assyria...."(2 Kings ing his control of our destinies. He

20:1, 3, 5-6.) was subjected to a test which, like

The Lord slightly modified his the one given Abraham, was wellplan and gave Hezekiah fifteen nigh unthinkable. Comfortless and

years and freed Judah from Assyria. in great perplexity, he importuned

Again, Abinadi could not be the Prophet Joseph to inquire of the killed before his time to die: Lord, and the Prophet received

"Touch me not, for God shall this revelation:

..., for I have not de- "Tell him to go and do as he Mr. & Mrs. Richard McFedries smite you

203 So. Cordova Street livered the message which the Lord has been commanded, and if I see

Alhambra, California 91801... therefore, that there is any danger of his 11 "sent me to deliver;

God will not suffer that I shall be apostatizing, I will take him to destroyed at this time.... myself."

ADDRESS LADELS '1 slay"Yemesee that"(Mosiahye have 13:3,not power7.) to andGodblessescontrolsus, butour giveslives, usguidesour

FREE POSTAL AIDS He was fully protected until his agency. We may live our lives

For receive only handsomely 1000 $1, you'll mission was fulfilled, then was perin accordance with his plan for us, return printed labels address plus a gift of postal aid stickers to help keep your mail mitted to be martyred. "O God. or we may foolishly shorten or

Special Delivery Mail, smoothly. Air moving soul,"receive 17:19) terminate them. (Mosiah my colors Fragile are bright to labels comand

"... attention. labels Nameand-address cried, I mand his face that shone he and mind am positive in my

printed paper, are on padded and gummed luster, as the destiny. exceeding with even has our planned Lord kit. in reusable Use packed handy them a

to mark mail, checks, books, phono records.

Send $1 to Names 'N'Places, 114 South Los

Robles Ave., Dept. E, Pasadena, Calif. 91101.

216 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA We can shorten our lives, but I think we cannot lengthen them very much. Sometime we'll understand fully, and when we see back

from the vantage point of the future, we shall be satisfied with many of the happenings of this life which seemed so difficult for us to comprehend.

We knew before we were born that we were coming to the earth for bodies and experience and that we would have joys and sorrows, pain and comforts, ease and hardships, health and sickness, successes and disappointments; and we

knew also that we would die. We BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

allaccepted these eventualities PURCHASES KNABE—with heart a glad eager to accept

both the favorable and unfavorable. THE OFFICIAL PIANO OF THE METROPOLITAN OPERA

We were undoubtedly willing to have a mortal body even if it were deformed. We eagerly accepted You'll find six Knabe Grands in the new Franklin S. Harris Fine

the chance to come earthward even Arts Center. And have you noticed how many other handsome

though it might be for a day, a churches and fine public buildings are choosing Knabe?

year, or a century. Perhaps we were

not so much concerned whether Church and civic leaders who know the worth of a fine piano we should die of disease, of accispecify Knabe. Long a favorite of teachers and professional

dent, or of senility. We were willmusicians, Knabe's renowned voice, sensitive response and deing to come and take life as it pendable service have set it apart as the Official Piano of the

came and as we might organize Metropolitan Opera.

and control it, and this without murmur, complaint, or unreasonable demands. We sometimes think Write today for the name of your nearest Knabe dealer and rewe would like to know what is ceive a handsome catalog depicting and describing the many

ahead, but sober thought brings us quality features of Knabe.

back to accepting life a day at a time, and magnifying and glorifying that day. Sister Ida Allredge

gave us a thoughtprovoking verse:

"I cannot know the future, nor the path I shall have trod.

But by that inward vision, which points the way to God, nant

Lest patience ne'er restrain me from thrusting wide the door. East Rochester, N.Y.

I would glimpse the beauty or joy for me in store. A Signature of Quality Pianos

"I would not part the curtains or cast aside the veil, Else sorrows that await me might ATTENTION BISHOPS fail, make my courage

I'd live rather not knowing, just GENEALOGY PROBLEMS??? mite, doing small my

I'd rather faith walk with God. by "stU.iutH W( a0M "(**<.. ZIONS COLOR INC. try light."than the alone

HAS A PROGRAM WHICH Life is good when we control it CAN PUT A and master ourselves. It is one of

great opportunity and tremendous privilege. all to us May God bless "<VU ii wJ.-. M. S3i."\DooU \Df ZJienvenrbententorartce wisdom, andgrow in knowledge

faith and works, bringing to us.:...;.T..rS.J'.:.i i.i.y.iill,.

eternal glory. IN EVERY HOME

2991 West 3500 South Salt Lake City, Utah Phone 2983491

MARCH 1966 217.

Where to Eat and What to See in Salt Lake City

Jri tfo cath fremiti/ IN PERSON ofofiljapan..

Delightfully attentive service in your own authentic zashiki (private Japanese dining room). Same service and

delicious food at Western style tables and chairs. Facili- 3-DAYS ONLY.

ties for private parties.

LUNCHEON DINNER APRIL 11:30 a. m - 2 p.m 6 p.m. - 11 p.m. Mon. Fri. CLOSED SUNDAY 7-89 MfkxdoSUKIYAKI VrfP HOUSE AT 8:15 PM

APRIL 9 MATINEE 67 WEST FIRST SOUTH / FOR RESERVATIONS 3280929

AT 2:15 PM A Great Show for Conference

Visitors!

1. MIKADO - B7 West 1st South 7. BRATTEN'S-213 South State

2. VALLEY MUSIC HALL -North Salt Lake 8. DOLL HOUSE 1518 South Main

3. LUIGI'S-672 E. 21st South 9. CLARK'S- 33rd So. & State

4. WAX MUSEUM - 36 Richards Street 10. SNELGROVES - 850 E. 21st South

5. HAWAIIAN -2920 Highland Drive 11. FOSTER'S-1414 South Main

Atmosphere and 6. TIKIHUT-54 West 2nd South 12. HOLIDAY INN -3040 South State

Fine Food Bratten's Seafood Gtotto

Priva te fa cilities fo r 644 East 4th South - EM 4-6547 (Closed Sundays only) group dining 1355 East 21st South - HU 6-0711 (Closed Mondays only)

CHOICE DINNERSWEDDING PARTIES

PRIVATE PARTIES THE DOLL HOUSE 1500 South on Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

J$&$** |K Phone 4667551 during General Conference, April 6, 9, and 10

Special Treat for Conference Visitors Johnny's * i * * n 0154 West 2ndBatSouth famous for Far Island SMORGASBORD 18 Varieties of Pizzas and LfeJllliflb

Italian family 1 -"style dinners. W Stuffed Lasagna

Spaghetti IAN BIBLICAL AND HISTORICAL HAWAI Salads Drive 2920 Highland Steaks WAX MUSEUM

Chicken Located half block south of TemWhere Dining Out

Shrimp ple Square—36 Richards Street, is An Adventure!

Breaded Veal Salt Lake City, Utah. Open daily

8:30 a.m. to 10:30 p.m. including

Sundays and holidays. Stirring

LUIGI moments from biblical history

RESTAURANT andmon storiesare realisticallyfrom the Bookportrayedof Mor872 East 21st South in lifelike color and lifelike diin "Sugar House"mension through the wonders of wax sculpture.

Year after year visitors by the score compliment us by their patronage while in Salt Lake City.

Famous for fantastic Ice Cream Creations.-.-CD * DISTINCTIVE Oiftelijtovte vceUtecm ENJOY CLARK'S FAMOUS Remember, your conference visit to Salt Lake

BONUS BUFFET is not complete until you visit Snelgrove.

"America's 2 finest Ice Cream Stores"

SelfSelection Cafeteria Service

Moderate Prices 850 East 21st South 222 East South Temple

Pleasant Atmosphere Open 10 a.m. until midnight—closed Sundays

Convenient Free Parking

Mon.-Sot. Luncheon 11:30-2:30

Mon.-Sat. Dinner 5:00-8:00 Sunday Dinner 11:30-8:00 HOLIDAY INN Foster's Drive Inn

Specialty—Authentic Mexican 1414 S. Main

Food Featuring Private Dining Room Available Steak Sandwiches and 33rd South and State Streets Salt Lake City 3040 So. State Phone 4679881 Sea Foods

MARCH 1966 219 MEICHIZEDEK E8TH00D Fathers, Sons, and /W\m\ A father walking or driving with his son to priestThe weekly priesthood meeting should be an exhood meeting should have many things to discuss perience which will help give a father the needed with him. There is so much to teach a boy about the learning so that he can bring to his son and all the

relationship between a mortal man and his Father family desirable subjects for conversation. The title

in heaven, about birth and death, about preexistence of the lesson book for this year is, appropriately, The and what comes after death, about relationships one Priesthood and You. By the time the year is past, if

with another, about marriage, about ordinances, the father has been a steady attendant, he will have about temples, about missions that surely there should covered six interesting subject divisions which he never be any lag in the dialogue. could discuss with his boy. We hope that he will

Fathers have so much to tell, but often with all of have read the material in the guide; and in addition,

this enticing knowledge to be taught, a father will walk he will have added to his store of knowledge the opinor drive along in silence, apparently satisfied to have ions and expressions of his fellow members as they the boy by his side. On such occasions the boy is developed the lessons in class.

often silent also. Many fathers do not carry on a Interestingly, discussions on gospel subjects have

conversation easily at any time, and sometimes they been going on in priesthood meetings for many, many do not know what to say. years, and yet, in the current lesson book, the material

0mm

220 '-. '"THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Their Priesthood

is fresh, and new, and different. The headings are knows and gives him new approaches to this knowlfamiliar. They are the reliable, steady subjects which edge and new applications of the lesson taught.

will lead to exaltation if followed; but the treatment To the new member each Sunday morning becomes

of the subject is, in each case, alive and vibrant. Look pure joy as the Holy Ghost enlarges him. He rejoices

at the list of the main headings: because of being a son of God, whom God has

not forgotten.

Priesthood gives you a partnership with God To both the old and new member, the lessons give

Your priesthood represents authority new ideas on their relationship to their wives and. The priesthood brings personal power to you families. All should become better helpmates to their

You are the patriarch of your home wives and better fathers to their sons and daughters.

You are your quorum brother's keeper The weekly walks or drives of fathers with their

Your priesthood in the government of God sons on the way to priesthood meeting will be enriched as the fathers bring to their sons newly learned

Approximately eight lessons are under each heading. knowledge which will bring them into a rich companAttendance at the weekly priesthood meeting serves ionship that will be reminiscent of that of Abraham

to remind the older member much of what he already and Isaac or of Jacob and Joseph.

S $*3:?"w fe.'.-'ir.t.j 1.

t|At

j"( -Vvr* naijj <* w /"sps2*'*1

?<:Sm......-,.,,,

%M

MARCH 1966 221.

There's something special about that chapelbuilding spirit...

Shortly after I became bishop of the

Tulsa Third Ward of Tulsa, Oklahoma, we

Bishop S. Curtis Hood found that our building was too small for

of the Tulsa Third the needs of our 300 members. Ward (Oklahoma)

ivas and I was advised by the Tulsa Stake president that born in Arizona has served as both branch one of my duties would be to raise $5,000 to and district Sunday School begin an addition to the building.

superintendent and as After prayer and consultation with my a district and stake counselors, we talked to our members in high councilman.

general church meetings, and later talked to them individually, requesting each family

Tin* t*n;siilinfj iiislutprics t <iij<

trouble, he was always in the middle of it.

Bishop Claire W. Snell of He was on the "outs"with the scoutmaster,

Colorado Springs Ward, Pikes his Sunday School teachers, and his quorum

Peak Stake, was born in advisers. He didn't want to attend the classes

St. Paul, Minnesota, and to which he was assigned, and even managed

was converted while to move into older classes and working in Salt Lake City. then proceed to cause a disturbance. And

Transferred to Colorado, he he refused to enroll in seminary. His father

grew in church activity there. was not a member and seemed to delight in

planning family activities for Sunday which

How a "problem priest"became an would keep the church members in his "enthusiastic elder"... family from attending meetings.

One day a young married couple moved into

One of the greatest blessings, privileges, and our ward. The man was a returned missionary

responsibilities of being a bishop is that of and he and his wife had just been married in working with the Aaronic Priesthood. A few the temple. His enthusiasm for the church

years ago, when I was a newly appointed program was boundless. We asked him to

bishop, we were having problems with a certain serve as adviser to the priests. From that day

young man in our ward. His attendance at all the on things changed in the quorum and

meetings was almost 100 percent. He always especially with our difficult young man, who

paid his tithing and attended tithing was now a priest. For the rest of the basketball

settlement, but whenever there was any season the adviser was with the boys two or

I **... ivlutn i/# g### in tin* surviv.u 00f yimr fclhnr huitufs.

222 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to donate $200. We visited the inactive in Tulsa while he was attending school. She

members also. said they had heard that we were striving to

On one occasion, we called on an inactive family continue the building of our new chapel, and informed them we needed money for and they, therefore, were enclosing $50 to our building fund. I stated that we were there apply to our building fund. These two people

for the express purpose of receiving a cash were bride and groom during their stay in donation in the sum of $200. In the next few Tulsa. It is commendable for these young

days they brought me $145, which was not people to be so thoughtful and generous.

all the money we had asked for, but it was a Many of our Saints have individual projects big contributing factor toward our goal; in fact, that assist them in raising funds for the chapel,

this could have been the amount that either and many long, hard hours have been caused us to obtain or not to obtain our goal. expended for this cause. This is all excellent

Another example comes to mind. Recently because I think it has created a closely

a letter came to me from a young married knit group working together for the couple in California who had previously lived benefit of all.

three times a week. His Sunday morning the first to fulfill his assignments in the priests'

lessons were interspersed with his own cottage meetings.

interesting experiences that he related in I received a letter from him recently from such a manner that the priests could not BYU. He informed me that he is taking all

wait for their next lesson. When spring came, the premissionary-training courses he can get.

he was the first one to show up at MIA with a He mentioned his regret at having missed two softball and mitt. He arranged his work so years of seminary training and wished that

that he could take the boys for an overnight he could talk with the young priests and outing in the mountains. He had the support teachers of the ward about the importance of

of his good wife, who was always on hand being prepared for missionary service. He

to cheer the boys. is concerned about his father now that he

It wasn't long until all of the priests began has realized the importance of the family to take an interest in spiritual matters as well in the gospel plan.

as athletics. They were always in their places How grateful I have been through the years

at the Sacrament service when the prelude for that priestquorum adviser. He has

music began. been gone from our ward for some time; but

I will long remember the lesson I learned

The next fall when seminary started, who was regarding the completeness of the church the first one to register? My "pickedon"program, wherein a young priest, through

priest! He was the first one to complete his athletic participation under proper guidance,

reading and memorization assignments, the gained an appreciation and testimony of first to complete his talks in Church, and the fullness of the gospel.

i/# an* only in tin* suvrivM of yinirfminl"-MOSIAH 2:17

MARCH 1966 223 decisions and beginnings thatThere is mystery in beginnings—Each day brings

must be made. Sitting astride a fence is a most unFrom where do things come? comfortable position. In every group there is someone

who does just this. He just sits there and never takes

They do not just happen; sides, he never begins anything, he just vegetates.

He is the original "Why bother? Let someone else

There is a hand in them do it."But to accomplish, to get ahead, even to just

keep even we must march along.

Somehow. March is a good month to remind us of this. Things

are beginning to stir in nature; life is struggling

Things must begin to get going. toward a newness. Our homes appear dingy, all outdoors has a grayness, and our very lives are colorless.

There is nothing without start. It is a time for awakening, for new beginnings, a

From dawn to past midnight, time for decision. A splash of color in the living room; fresh, crisp curThe first second stands tains at the windows, framing nature, being brushed

by March winds; new resolutions in our hearts to hop

Important. off the fence and make our lives bright and decisiveall this is spring. There is mystery in the air, a newness

Time multiplies beginnings; of beginnings, a time to jump with our whole selves

into creating a better place in which to live. As we

Each day brings new ones. work on our surroundings, unconsciously we recreate

our spirits. Habits are divided into two groups, one

Man is the instigator. good, one bad. Now in March let us march ahead by

discarding the bad and strengthening the good.

In his own life he's A little girl once said, "No one can keep me from my goals but myself."She grew up as she spoke these

Omnipotent. words. A spurt of growth comes when we realize that

224 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA our worst enemy is ourself. As we desire, we can Menu #1

march forward or we can stay motionless. It is said Spring Riblets*

that nothing stands still, that we either go forward Mashed Potato Puffs

Tiny Green Peas or we step back. Minted Gelatin Salad

Decision making must begin early in life. Mothers Gingerbread

can help their young children in this process. Don't Menu #2

make every decision for them; give them a chance to Split Pea Soup

choose, to learn, to grow. Of course, if you ask them Frankfurter Biscuits*

Frozen Fruit Salad to make a choice of piclcing up their toys or not, what Menu #3 they will decide to do is obvious. Why not say to BusyDay Casserole*

them, "You may choose whether you pick up all your Buttered String Beans toys now and put them in the box or wait until the Raw Vegetable Plate hands on the clock are here"(pointing to ten minutes Hot Tomato Juice hence)? Another time ask them not whether they Chocolate Treat* Menu #4

want to put on a coat before going out to play on a Sue's Meat Loaf* cool day but whether they choose to put on the yellow Easy Scalloped Potatoes* jacket or the red sweater. Direct them through Tomato Aspic with Cabbage Slaw

choices, but all the time give them a decision to make. Iced Milk and

We all make a hundred choices a day, and what Cinnamon Crunchies* Menu #5 makes them really hard is that the choices are usually OvenFried Chicken between two good things, not between good and evil. Baked Potatoes

This takes maturity. It's even better to make the Broccoli with Sauce

wrong choice sometimes than not to make a choice Pineapple Salad* at all. Fence sitting is immobility. Party Custard*

Homemakers have countless decisions to make each Spring Riblets (serves 6) twentyfour hours, and a constant one is, "What should we have for dinner tonight?"Here are some 5 pounds lamb riblets

choices. Salt, pepper, flour, sauce

Sprinkle the lamb with a mixture of salt, pepper, and flour. Brown in

small amount of fat. Pour off drippings. Cover with the sauce and

cook slowly in a 300 degree F. oven

for about 1V2 hours.

Sauce. Cook 1 chopped onion in

2 tablespoons butter. Add 2 tablespoons vinegar, 2 tablespoons

brown sugar, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 cup catsup, 2 tablespoons

Worcestershire sauce, *A teaspoon dry mustard, 1 cup water, and salt to taste. Mix well.

Frankfurter Biscuits (makes 18) 2 cups flouralong 1 tablespoon baking powder 1 teaspoon salt x4 cup lard TODAY'S FAMILY Vz cup milk FLORENCE B. PINNOCK, 2 frankfurters, sliced very thin EDITOR

Vi cup grated American cheese Add the frankfurters and cheese to the dry ingredients. Cut in the lard

and stir in the milk. Mix lightly.

Pat out to V2inch thickness. Cut

and bake in a 450 degree F. oven

for about 10 minutes or until golden brown.

MARCH 1966 225

Wonder what BusyDay Casserole (serves 8) and put in casserole. Make a sauce

to serve of canned cheese soup diluted when you have 22 cupscans creambrokenofnoodlesmushroom soup withand peppermilk andto taste.seasonedPour withover saltthe

friends in? V41 soupcancup evaporatedmilk milk potatoes,ter, and bakemix lightly,until pipingdot withhot butin a

2 7-ounce cans corned beef 350 degree F. oven.

2 cups grated American cheese 3A cup chopped onion Cinnamon Crunchies (makes 5 1 cup broken potato chips dozen cookies)

Vz teaspoon dry mustard 1 cup butter or margarine Cook the noodles according to V2 cup sugar directions on package. Drain and 2 teaspoons vanilla

cas- 1 teaspoon chips. into a cinnamon the Pour potato Why not add to all other ingredients except 2 cups flour chips. 3 cups corn flakes, crumbed potato serole. with the Top

tryPostum? Bake about 20 minutes at 400 1 cup walnuts, chopped

degrees F. P/2 cups powdered sugar

Chocolate Treat (serves 12) Blend the butter, sugar, and vanilla. Sift the flour with the

1 package angelcake mix cinnamon; add the cornflake

xk cup cocoa crumbs, nuts, and the butter mix- 6-ounce package semisweet ture. Shape into small balls and

chocolate place on greased baking sheets.

Instant Essence2 tablespoonsof peppermintpowderedflavoringsugar Bake15 minutes.at 350 Removedegrees atF. oncefor aboutfrom

2 cups whipping cream baking sheets and roll in the pow- 1 cup toasted nuts dered sugar.

accordthe angelcake Prepare mix Pineapple Salad (serves 8) sifting the to directions, E R E A L E V E R A G ing cocoa

No Caffe/n, withCut crosswisethe flour inmixture.3 layers.Bake.MeltCool.the 1 drained#2 can pineapple tidbits,

*>, chocolate over hot water. Cool. 1 can mandarin oranges, drained

Whip the cream; fold in the melted 1V2 cups tiny marshmallows

chocolate, sugar, flavoring, and 1 cup canned pears, cubed nuts. Spread between layers and 1 cup flaked coconut

frost top and sides. Let stand in \Vz cups sour cream

the refrigerator a short time before Dash of salt serving.

Combine all ingredients. Chill

Sue's Meat Loaf ( serves 6 overnight. Serve on crisp lettuce.

Flavorful, hearty Postum 2 pounds ground beef Party Custard (serves 5) just naturally encourages 1 egg, slightly beaten good talk among friends. 1 minced onion 3 eggs, slightly beaten

V4 sugar cup pepper teaspoon pure, V4 Made with salt of Dash 1 chicken can soup gumbo ingredients energyfood milk, 2 scalded cups chips potato crushed 2 cups and no caffein, 1 teaspoon vanilla

Postum gives you a natural lift. Combine all the ingredients. Shape

You can drink all you like. into a loaf and bake in a shallow Combine the eggs, sugar, and salt.

If you haven't tried pan uncovered at 350 degrees F. Stir in the slightly cooled milk.

in hot, boiler over double not Cook F/2 hours. a small about Add lately, for Instant Postum

stirring constantly. water, V\ boiling juice of tomato about amount

a satisfying, missing you're for after the cus- 2 minutes loaf Cook so that inch in bottom of pan bracing drink. will not form a crust. Remove from tard coats the spoon. Pour into a

You'll enjoy its natural lift. oven about 15 minutes before round baking dish. Chill. Sift 2

serving. cup brown sugar and add Vz cup

The Natural Lift finely chopped nuts and sprinkle

Send name and address Easy Scalloped Potatoes over the custard. Set in shallow pan

forfree Postum recipes to: Boil whole potatoes in salted water ofheaticeuntilwater.the custardBroil 8 hasinchesa bubblyfrom

Postum Recipes, until barely tender. Cut into cubes brown crust. Serve immediately.

Box 1040, Kankakee, Illinois.

Postum is a registered trademark of General Foods Corporation.

226 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SAVE BY MAIL where strong reserves and long years of experience assure you security

PER ANNUM

CURRENT RATE ON REGULAR SAVINGS ACCOUNTS Accounts insured to $10,000 by the Federal Savings and Loan

Insurance Corporation HOME, SWEET HOME Hurry, hurry, hurry, parents; 63HOMESouthOFFICE:Main, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

teach your children to be real SUGAR HOUSE OFFICE:

Latterday Saints. Be strong, effec- *1 F M B E R 2186 Highland Dr., Salt Lake City, Utah 84106

tive teachers by example and by INSURED GRANGER OFFICE:

word. Time passes so quickly that 2727 West 3500 South, Salt Lake City, Utah 84119

you must start this teaching as you HAWAII DIVISIONAL OFFICE:

bend over their cribs for the first 71 So. King St., Box 3859, Honolulu, Hawaii 96812

time, then continue without stopKAIMUKI OFFICE:

ping to build and guide and love 114212th Avenue, Honolulu, Hawaii 96816 them. They are loaned to you for and Loan Association KALIHI1851 NorthOFFICE:King St., Honolulu, Hawaii 9681

such a short time. HIL0 OFFICE:

As parents do you ever become /.96Y, 120 Waianuenue Avenue, Hilo, Hawaii 96720

discouraged? There is so much to J100 MILLION KAPI0LANI OFFICE:

in daughters Kapiolani Blvd., sons 1602 yourteach and Honolulu, Hawaii H hUTAH >J K;HawAII:. l 'AYWi that shortthe time have them you OFFICE: WAIKIKI

I IPC

Ave., Kalakaua Honolulu, 2113 Hawaii if as scratch only canit seems you

the surface. When Jim and Jane

were tiny babies, you looked down at them and thought: "I'm going to

be sure that only good things happen to them. They are so special."You felt that you would have them thirsty?

forever, but forever is something like 216 months. That boy will be "If a man empties his purse into his

it from him. Annineteen then and off on a mission head, no man can take

or away to school, and he is never investment in knowledge always pays really yours again. The world and the best interest."Benjamin Franklin

new experiences have involved him, and now he belongs to them. Satisfy your thirst with a

Even though the time is short, you can do more than scratch the home study course now.

surface. You can be the big influence in making your children real

men and women. You, as parents, To: HomeBrighamStudyYoung University IE 3-4 66

are not here to live their lives for Provo, Utah them but to help them live their Please send me a free home study catalog.

lives right.

Teach them to live each day and Name not grab at certain experiences in Addresslife too soon. When they grab at

life, it is like dividing a doughnut City with them getting just the hole. STUDY get State Zip Code HOME nothing but young peopleOur UNIVERSITY BRIGHAM YOUNG at date theyunhappiness when

thirteen, go steady at fifteen, and marry soon after. The teen years

are the time for parents to help for life; preparetheir to children is PROTECT your copies of the ERA the doughnutand then when

divided, their half is cake. with a SPECIAL BINDERoniy 92.50

MARCH 1966 227 Making Conflicts Work Nothing can be resolved in a conThis couple knew they would at situation times angry, handle and feel some disagree, be until we(Continued from page 189) flict quarreling. forces that like so recognized emotional of the They

the conflict. We are just ready to reason and understanding can have they would not be able to turn

begin such resolution. It requires a chance. President McKay tells their feelings off and on as they

further conversation of an honest, the story of a couple, married fifty desired. Thus, they knew they

humble, and sharing nature to years, who claimed to have had no should find some way to ease anger accomplish that goal. Makingup quarrels. The couple was asked feelings without taking them out

overcomes anger but not conflict. how they achieved this. The huson each other. Walking is one good

Conflict issues will likely raise their band indicated that when they way to release energy—as is any

ugly heads again in a rather defiwere married they agreed that if form of physical activity. Other

nite period of time, as the buildup either felt like quarreling he or she activities which release energy are process once again begins. Annoywould take a walk first and simmer projective activities such as art,

ances appear time after time in a down. He said, "We've had no music, dance, and drama, in which

home situation, making it possible quarrels, but I've spent most of my one's inner feelings come out exfor a buildup to occur again. life walking!"pressively in what is done. One

marriage counselor suggests that if you can't think of anything else to do when angry, kneel by a bed or couch and pound on it with both fists or slam a door or bang a pan

I THE (but not on the other person's it is feels counselor Another SPOKEN POSITIVE RESOLUTIONS head). WORD i foolish things. There to do such

ought to be more constructive and creative ways of releasing anger

RICHARD L. EVANS feelings! It is important to recogWe would share at this hour some impressions from people whose views feelingsnize the andneedrespectingfor handlingone's partsuch

would be timely at any time: "Many good resolutions seem to die a ner enough not to use him as

natural death after a few days,"said James Francis Cooke. "Why? a target.

Largely because those who make them do not have that quality of dogged persistence which is resolution itself.... Most of our... Resolving Conflicts

resolutions are negative. People resolve not to overeat, not to smoke,

not to drink, not to neglect exercise, not to waste money or time, not The sixtyfour dollar question is to stay up late, not to gossip, not to make caustic or hateful remarks. how to resolve conflict issues after

These negative resolutions should give way to positive, optimistic we have passed the anger and thinking and the determination to do something for someone, or for silence and are ready to talk. This

yourself. The best resolutions to make are positive resolutions."1 "... in requires communication—not talk—

most cases [resolutions] are so numerous and so harsh that there is no communication. In this communicapossibility of their ever being carried out,"said Dr. Smiley Blanton. tion there must be (1) a recognition

"In a short time they are broken.... Harsh... resolutions... tend of the issues, (2) a recognition of

to make us harsh toward other people.... It is only when we can be its different meaning to each partsympathetic with ourselves that we can sympathize with others."2 "Rener, and (3) discussion and agreesolve to do good, to be kind, to think of others,"continued James Francis ment on action which might be

Cooke; "make each day count and you will find... the feeling of firm taken to ease the matter and

resolve to bring about happiness and goodness..-. [Do not] look upon provide growth. For example, a

the dark side of things,... [Do not] fuss about petty annoyances... frequent source of conflict centers

[Do not] complain about unavoidable trifles."1 "Do not run faster around father's coming home from

... than you have strength..."3 is the counsel that comes. Avoid work and mealtimes.

extravagance. Live within your means. Avoid the worry and burden of If a father is perennially late and

discouraging debt. Be fair; be forthright. Face problems. Face the the wife annoyed, conflict is present.

facts. Be honest—with yourself and others. Improve. Repent. "You Discussion may not solve the situcannot run away from a weakness,"said Robert Louis Stevenson. ation. Blaming will not solve the

"You must sometime fight it out or perish, and if that be so, why not situation. Understanding the varynow and where you stand?"4 Have faith, and be grateful for life; go ing problems involved will help

forward with quiet, sincere consistency. Thank God for each new day set the stage for possible solution.

to do better than the day before—and for life and its problems and its If father is continually late and

purposes. With faith we move from where we are. With faith and work mother is annoyed, his problem and

we face the future. her problem are not one and the

r same. If resolution is found, each

Francis Cooke,Raines "The Challenging Etude, appreciate January New Year,"1955. must his own problem

Blanton,2Smiley Hygeia, Make Resolutions!"1940. MD, "Don't January of the other. and that 10:4.3D&C

4Robert Louis Stevenson. Mother's annoyance at father's

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia lateness is her problem. Why is

Broadcasting System, January 2, 1966. Copyright 1966. she annoyed? To one woman, per228 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

haps it symbolizes inability to have goals in their relationship. tion on the part of each to make his

togetherness; to another, it may Ofttimes the person in the wrong maximum contribution to the life

symbolize unappreciativeness (she knows he is in the wrong, but he's of both.

is less important than the busiin the wrong often because someFrequently in our communicaness); to another, it is evidence that thing in his makeup creates an tion we link our desires with, the

planning on the home front never inconsistency he hasn't learned implication of a threat (that probworks out. to handle. ably never materializes). One

What is father's problem? One What would happen if an absentpartner says to another, "You've got

problem is mother's response to his minded man were married to to do something about this...

lateness and his obligation to con- a "togethernessoriented"woman? situation."This is true, but it leaves

tribute to their harmonious relaWe could appreciate that they the implication, "If you don't do tionship. But another problem is would have lots of conflict. Could something,..."Or, to take the

that which causes his lateness. Peryou solve such a conflict by telling mealtime situation, if the wife says,

haps he is absentminded and thus the man to be less absentminded? "Either you get here on time or you

quite unaware of the passing of Getting a more efficient secretary eat alone,"what kind of a reaction time. Perhaps he is a soft touch for him might help. Or a few more is created? Compare this with the

and gives in to others too readily. calls from home might help. Could reaction you get to a statement

Perhaps he is a poor timemanager you solve such a conflict by telling like, "Honey, I feel very strongly and seldom allows enough time to his wife to be less togethernessthat we should eat together. How

complete a job. A man has the oriented? Perhaps a clearer definican we solve my problem?"

responsibility to try and solve such tion of togetherness, mingled with In resolving conflicts adequate problems; but they aren't always helps for the husband in keeping communication can occur only

solved easily, and this, both he and when individuals feel an atmoshis wife need to understand. phere of safety in which trials can

How many men can say to a SPRING be freely expressed and experiwife, "Don't count on me for dinments at problem solving atner; I'm unreliable because I can't BY WEBB DYCUS tempted. An atmosphere which

judge time!"or, "Don't count on breathes any sense of threat raises

me for dinner, because I'm so abMarch arrived this morning: individual defenses, and communisentminded I never recall things,"The wild ivind whipped bare trees, cation then takes on more of a

or, "Don't count on me for dinner And tossed white clouds across the ceasefire arrangement. Resolution

until I learn to be less of a soft sky of conflicts requires discussion of touch for other people's requests!"In wordless jubilees. possible answers, agreements to try

How many wives can say to a husout plans for a period of time, band, "I want you here for dinner I saw the rippled water shine honest evaluation of how a plan is because you're supposed to be Through alders by the creek working out periodically, and rehere"? How many wives can say And tasted sunlight on my lips adjustments as necessary.

to a husband, "I want you here for And heard a redbird speak. In resolving conflicts the apdinner because I like your comproach taken to an issue makes

pany—or want your company,"or, For sure, when March comes on a difference—as does the extent to

"I want you here for dinner because the scene which it communicates an atmos-

I'm just not happy eating alone,"With swift winds all a-wing, phere of safety in which trials can rather than saying, "It is your One need not ask the calendar be undertaken for solutions. But

place,"or "You're not being fair!"If this is truly spring! neither of these can be achieved

I don't doubt the right of women onless a couple is sure they are to comment about what is fair or talking about the same things. Bewhat a man owes to his wife and important things in mind, would be cause we are different personalities,

family. Likewise, I don't doubt a a better answer. Basic habit pateven the words we use don't always

man's right to point up issues of terns can be changed, but for most have the same meanings. Some stufairness, and so forth, to his wife. of us they can be changed only dents of marriage have felt that

What I am suggesting is that with tremendous desire and great the "word worlds"of men and arguments about fairness and Tighteffort and over a period of time. It women vary tremendously, so they

ness don't solve marital conflict. usually requires a good deal of enenter marriage with even words

To the wife whose husband couragement from those about us like "love, companionship, and comes home late, we can say that to help us move successfully toward togetherness"meaning different his problem involves the competiour goal. things. This may be true, but we

tion between his respect for her In every conflict situation there are probably safer in saying that and their relationship and his abilare some realities present about because we are different personity to handle his work world. To who can adapt and in what ways. alities with divergent experiences,

the husband who comes home late, Though each has responsibility to words and phrases will have we can say that he probably never the other to help, consideration of differing meanings to each. Therefully appreciates all that such a these realities is usually helpful in fore, couples have to use a lot of

situation means to a wife and that creating a climate in which better "This is what I mean,"or "Tell she, too, is caught between her answers are achieved. This requires me, is this how you feel?"or "Let

attempts to understand his world a humble, honest kind of communime tell you in my language what and her feelings about the desired cation, plus a real sense of dedica- I think you told me in yours, so we

MARCH 1966 229 can see if we're talking about the Sing No Sad Songs a voice that came from behind same thing."(Continued from page 195) her.

As you can see, a lot of talking is "The music was swell,"Rill needed! We can't live in a marriage her thoughts. Tom's voice was as Matthews said, appearing at her

relationship emphasizing personal cold as an ice cube, and he seemed side.

growth and satisfactions without almost through with her. Most of "Thanks,"responded Molly, "I

doing a lot of tolerating, adapting, her friends were disgusted these used to play a lot; I was ward

and communicating. Depth in redays, but she thought Tom and Gay organist until my husband died.

lationships comes only as people would stick. And if they got dis- "So was my wife,"he murmured.

create the conditions where it can gusted, too, she would be really After she spoke she looked at him exist. Such conditions require openalone. and saw he had a tray.

ing up to each other through "Wait,"she murmured a second "This is the pay for your music,"communication. time, bracing herself by a chair. he said. "Come on. Let's sit

Now that we have looked more "I'll come and play for you tonight. over here."

closely at conflict, conflict situaIt won't take me long to change."He guided Molly to a chair and

tions, and conflict resolution, we "Now you're talking!"Tom pulled up a table for her before

can see how easily conflicts occur in perked up. he sat down on the sofa and started

all families. We have distinguished "There's the paper,"Molly said, in to talk. They went through

a difference between conflict and "there on the end table."some social chitchat until they

attempted ways of handling it, such She ran up the stairs feeling limp, found common ground when Rill as teasing, quarreling, and so forth. as limp as her unstarched blouse, told a tale of catching trout and

We have pointed out the nature of and quickly changed to a plain Molly at once matched his. After

the conflict situation and how it brown dress, a gown that she'd that came stories about his fishing has to be handled before we are owned for years. The dress looked trips, and Molly told about the

ready for conflict resolution. And we drab as a rainy day, as Molly saw trout that won a prize for her.

have discussed something about the at once, and she impulsively opened "You sound like a real 'lady fishcommunicative processes needed her drawer and took out a vivid erman,'"Rill said approvingly.

to develop solutions for resolving red rose, a rose that went with the Molly started to answer him, but conflicts. red net dress that she enshrouded something about his voice made

This leads to a final thought. No last night. her steal a look at his eyes, and

matter how well we do something, Tempted a moment, she tucked she saw approval there. And since

what really counts is the spirit in the rose into her severely combed she understood that look, she sudwhich it is done. As the scriptures hair. She studied it a second, then denly felt strange, so strange that

say, "... the spirit giveth life."(2 pulled it out again, hastily putting she slipped away from Rill to sit

Cor. 3:6. ) The particular spirit here it back in the drawer and smoothby Tom instead until she saw a

is one of appreciation for ourselves ing her dull hairdo. Somehow it few guests go and felt she could

and for our partner and his atlooked too festive, too much like leave too.

tempts at living the good life. One happier days. She got as far as Gay's front door

could learn about personalities and "Remember, Ronnie,"she when someone touched her arm.

about conflict situations and still breathed out loud, "how I always "Now that you're leaving,"she use this knowledge to make things wore flowers for you? Rut this heard Rill say, "I'll see you to

harder for a partner. "A little doesn't call for flowers tonight. It's your house."

knowledge can be a dangerous a debt that I owe to Tom.""Oh, that's all right. I'm not gothing."She turned out the light, then ing far,"Molly quickly said, trying

I think we sometimes pray for went downstairs and followed Tom to hurriedly open the door to get the wrong things. We ask the out of the house, straight across the away from Rill.

Lord to solve our problems for us. Scarsdale street where Gay was at "Of course, he'll take you,"Gay

Perhaps we should ask him to help her door. broke in. "Don't go home alone.

us obtain the right spirit so we will "I'm so glad,"Gay told Molly. Here, I'll open the door for you.

really want to resolve a situation "I'm so glad you are here."Go on, Rill. Take her home."

and feel confidence in using our Everyone came and greeted her. Molly heard Gay's front door

abilities to find significant solutions. Rill Matthews followed the crowd. click and knew they were alone.

What we need most from him To Molly he looked like a fine man, She saw the moon send down its seems to be help in getting the as well as an engineer. His mouth charm to go with the fragrant air

spirit to want to make our lives was strong and determined, but his and heard a radio playing tunes, meaningful, and the support to eyes seemed to laugh at life. an obligato to spring.

keep trying when we embark on "I hear you play the piano,"he Together they walked across the solution paths which call for some said. "That's what I've been waitstreet and turned into Molly's yard

change within us. ing for."where the willow trees Ronnie

Our major challenge and prayer, So Molly sat down and played planted swayed along with the therefore, should be, in the words the tunes that Rill and the other tunes. And when, after eons, they

of the writer of old, "... and reguests chose, till Gay said the buffet reached the porch, Molly felt her

new a right spirit within me."was ready. Then everything stopped strangeness turn into rigid cold.

(Ps. 51:10.) for that. Molly stood up to stretch She knew she had to end this thing.

a bit before she joined the crowd, She must not let it go on. Rut even

(The End) and while she stretched she heard before she collected her thoughts,

230 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA she felt him take her hand. Almost before she knew it, the life is for the living, dear. Go on

"Ronnie!"The name froze in her red net dress was out and the force, and live for me. Wear that red

heart. She didn't make a sound. as sudden as midsummer storms, dress often.

Ronnie one time held her hand, but was making her put the dress on. Molly listened to her heart and

no one had held it since. She brushed her hair all fluffy and felt it come alive. Alive like the

"Will you go to church with me loose into curls around her face, spring that came to her yard after on Sunday?"he was saying to her. then opened the vanity, pulled out the winter's frost.

"Maybe I'll see you there,"she the rose, and fastened it into Downstairs her door chimes responded. a curl. tinkled, a bright and merry sound.

Now she felt him drop her hand. The soft net dress went into her "That's Gay."She said the words

With that she heard him say waist, then dropped into yards of out loud. "I'll go to the door

goodnight and then go off the skirt. She caught her breath when like this."

porch. And Molly went in to the mirror caught her. She looked She picked up the yards and

her hall and watched him cross like Molly again. Just like the yards of skirt and almost danced

the street before she turned to go Molly Ronnie knew. Just like the downstairs to swing her white door

upstairs into her lonely room. girl he loved. open. But Gay was not there. It

She looked at Ronnie's picture, But while she smiled into the was Bill!

"Pardon me, lady,"he said, "but this is morning, you know."

"I'm having a private masquerTHE HUSBANDMAN ade,"Molly warmly smiled. And

then she looked at Bill's attire.

BY ROWENA JENSEN BILLS "I'm going fishing,"Bill explained. "You inspired me last

In quiet happiness he scanned the rows night. I want to see if the trout

Of planted pear and peach and apple trees, really grow to the size that you the breeze blossoms Their wafting perfume in told about."me

through its doze cooled the farmyard That gently She moved her eyes away from

In springtime warmth, while in the distance, snows Bill across to the living room where

On mountain peaks stood white. The drone of bees Ronnie's picture looked at her. His

And sounds of milking time were melodies; eyes still smiled too. Then she

He felt paternal pride in all that grows. turned toward Bill once more. "Is

Garlands of vines hung heavy over brick that a suggestion?"she asked.

And stone, a shelter for his spouse whose voice, "Whatever you want to call it,"

Through curtained windows, sang of love precise. he said, "but let's get out while

In sudden tenderness his heart beat quick it's nice."

Response to nature's gifts; he could rejoice Molly looked at the warm spring

Indeed, this land in bloom was paradise. day. The sunlight beckoned to her.

"I'm fussy about my rod,"she began. "I always use my own—"

"I'll get it,"he interrupted. "Tell

then spoke to it aloud: "I didn't glass, her thoughts went other ways. me where it is. And, by the way,

let myself have fun. I didn't stay "I bet that Bill would like this you're beautiful, but you're not

there long."But Ronnie's eyes dress."She twisted a stubborn curl. dressed for the woods."

stared right past her as though she But suddenly her thought bounced Molly grinned. "I'll change in a

still were strange. back. Gasping, she caught her flash. You'll find my rod downShe looked around at the yellow breath. stairs, right to the left of the cellar

room that echoed with the past. And "Ronnie!"she breathed. "I didn't steps. I think it's tagged with

suddenly Molly was tired, too tired mean that! Oh, Ronnie! Forgive my name."

to want to undress. She took off me, please!", "Okay. I'll hunt around for it.

the wilted brown crepe dress and Weakly she sat on her vanity I'll have it before you're dressed."

threw it across a chair, then stool and pulled his picture to her. "That's a challenge,"Molly retumbled into pajamas and fell on She looked at it then as she had plied as she ran upstairs.

her own twin bed. so many times before. She took off her dress and tossed

But Molly couldn't sleep that And then she looked again. it aside, then rushed to the closet

night. Her whole brain seemed to For Molly saw something differdoor to draw out a pair of dunache, and only in the morning did ent today. This time he looked at garees and a striped blue pique

she doze off and half sleep. She her. His eyes were acquiescent, and shirt. She found some worn

slept in spurts till ten o'clock, they held smiles. Smiles of undersneakers and slipped them on

picked up the odds and ends in her standing. Smiles that she had her feet, then quickly fixed her

room, then came to the brown wanted all these months. And as blonde hair.

crepe dress. She looked at its drabshe watched, her heart could read And then she paused a moment

ness disgustedly, then started to a few words in his eyes. and went to her vanity seat to hold

hang it away. And as she did a We love each other, Molly, and Ronnie's picture close to her, to

powerful force slipped in to guide that cant ever die. We will have look once more at his eyes. They

her hand. each other throughout eternity. But were still smiling.

MARCH 1966 231 Since Cumorah Christian and Jewish writings has vicarious work by which they were always been denied up until now, to be liberated has usually been (Continued from page 197) for the ideas have been repugnant denounced as a Gnostic aberration.

think of the words of Helaman: to all the established churches. The The idea of a strict hierarchical

"... even since the days of idea of a small and elect "Israel organization of the Church and

Abraham there have been many within Israel"runs counter equally careful concern for rites and ordiprophets that have testified these to rabbinic teachings and to the nances is completely opposed to things;... fundamental Christian doctrine that the conventional view of the primi-

"... and also almost all of our with the coming of Christ the tive Church as a spontaneous

fathers... have testified of the Church became universal, embracbrotherhood of love devoid of all

coming of Christ...."(Helaman ing all mankind, wheat and tares, set forms. The idea of any secrecy

8:19, 22.) good and bad, indiscriminately. or reticence in the preaching of

The very existence of many of The concept of the Lord's preachthe gospel is, as we have seen, the basic concepts in these early ing to the spirits in prison and the offensive to the presentday Christian teachers.

Peculiarly obnoxious to the churchmen of the past is that great concern for progeny, which is a mark both of the Scrolls and of the

I THE "THOUGH I CANNOT SEE Coptic writings, the latter having

SPOKEN..."much to say about a very special WORD ALL THE WAY

ordinance of marriage; in fact, according to the Philip, the main purpose of Christ's coming to earth was

RICHARD L. EVANS to reunite Adam and Eve in a cove-

"If someone were to ask you to go with him... to a moving picture nant of marriage which would last

of the things that are going to happen... would you go?"asked for the eternities. 93 Reunite? To

to risk seeing be willing Bigelow. you "Would FrederickWilliam sure, for the doctrine the be of the pre-

.. sorrowing, rejoicing, onward P 1 Toiling, the future].things [of existence, vigorously condemned few and of men, most is the biography goes'life hethrough 2—that

of by the doctors of the church from to the days it to look forward could, or ask if they changewould rejoicing or"1 of sorrowing. "What the ultimate significance of life is, the 4th century on, runs like a red

I do not know,"said Dr. Arthur E. Morgan. "It seems to be an adventhread through the Nag Hammadi

ture, and that means risk, with uncertainty as to success or failure. I do writings and the Dead Sea Scrolls

not know how great is the risk.... It has been a long struggle for alike.

fail.... I cannot far. not Though to thus I must...humanity come Bridging the Gulf: Granted that

.... patience. is essential,.. Openminded and couragesee all the way

search for truth is essential.... And I must learn to enjoy life... for we seem to be in the same universe

of discourse in the it will newly found to day, happiness] from day [and find goodness unless we to here by faith."1 Christian at have climbed the end."writings to us as in and... appearnot Jewish 3 "We

"The look ahead is always intriguing... [with] gratitude for a fresh the Book of Mormon, how can we

opportunity."1 This is the substance, the spirit of facing the future: explain the coincidence in view of

faith, hope, happiness, patience; preparation; a willingness to trust and

to take the next step without asking "to see the distant scene."Some the vast gulf of space and time that

have seen something of the future. To the prophets there has been separates the Old World from the

some opening of it. But the usual and intended plan and pattern is to New? Actually the gaps dwindle

face our problems and opportunities a day at a time, an hour at a time, away on close inspection. As to

with an awareness that it was a kind and loving Father who gave us space, it needs no elaborate demonof causes of conduct, the and laws principles,the the commandments, stration to show that culture is a all of seeing future the without withconsequences, faith to move into its events, but with assurance as to eternal certainties, and as to the highly portable and mobile compurpose and importance of doing and enduring. And we may know that modity under certain conditions,

we are in good hands, and well would keep prayerfully close to Him spreading rapidly and persisting who gave us life, and loved ones and all our opportunities. "Though I with great tenacity. One need only

is essential, all patience... and I must see couragecannot the way 3 consider how the salient elements this path."is the true life the goal tolearn enjoy... Whatever... may be,

And happiness is part of life's great purpose. of Buddhism, Hellenism, Romanism, Arabism, and "Hispanidad"

Frederick Bigelow,William "When the Bells Ring,"Good Housekeeping, January 1941. quickly conquered large areas of

Blacksmith."-Longfellow, "The Village

(quoted E.3Dr. Arthur Morgan by William

Challenging Francis Cooke, "The4James NewFrederickYear,"Etude,Bigelow,Januaryabove).1955. the globe and remained in possession for centuries. From the earliest

presented Square, from Temple Spoken Word,""The over KSL and the Columbia times all the regions of the world 1966. Copyright 9, 1966. System,Broadcasting January

232 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA have been accessible to men, and year after year steadily accumulating evidence shows that the ties between the great classical civilizations have been far closer than anyone had hitherto suspected. 94

Space is no obstacle to the transplanting of culture—least of all

empty space.

As to the time gap, the Scrolls have presented the most interesting anomalies from the beginning.

Eminent Jewish scholars have seriously assigned them to the Middle Ages while others have found them to belong to preChristian times. Christian communities such

still survive. And these Mandaeans Unsticky—Unstuffy—Unin hibited

carried on the teachings and cusTHE NOW TASTE OF 1MBT R A E M A R K (R)toms of Qumran in distant places many centuries after the Dead Sea Not so sweet, with 1 crazy calorie in 6 community had disappeared; remounces. It's what's helping so many people

nants of the Mandaeans, in fact, to keep slim and trim. TaB. That's what's

still survive. And these Mandaeans happening. To the nicest shapes around.

and the society at Qumran have both been traced back, independently and together, to the Rechabites, who before the days of Lehi sought to live as true Israel in the

Judean wilderness. We have here

a remarkably stable tradition, for the life was simple and the sectaries always followed the same handbook—the writings of Moses—

and thus perpetuated a timeless and unchanging tradition. And Lehi

definitely belongs to that tradition—consciously so, according to Helaman, who puts him squarely in BOTTLED UNDER AUTHORITY

that line of prophets of whom OF THE COCACOLA

Zenos (like the Zadok of the COMPANY BY

Scrolls) is the type. COCACOLA BOTTLING CO.

Let us hark back briefly to the OF SALT LAKE case of Zenos. Could he have been

the author of the Thanksgiving

Hymns? He could have, but that

is not necessary—he could have APRIL CONFERENCE VISITORS CHECK THIS

lived centuries before the Qumran FREE JOB PLACEMENT poet and still resemble him very -Spring.taring. \Jrient Jioar FOR "ID"GRADUATES

closely. After all, half a dozen ZaIf you are planning a Temple Tour—April 16, 27, 1966

doks have been identified, all rebusinesshave the careertime butor domoneynot Palmyra Pageant Tour for four years monthly of college, Hawaii—inlated the same all engaged and

write for a free Theatre Tour—April 1524 catalog New York today. It is activity. a commontype of

place of the apocryphal writings Registration March 28, 1966 CHI'S TOURS TRAVEL AGENCY, that two heroes who behave alike Mr. L. S. Saunders Inc.

become identified in the minds of LDS411 BusinessE. So. TempleCollege—Salt179LakeSouthCity,StateUtahStreet84111

Salt Lake City, Utah Phone 3221205

MARCH 1966 233 later generations. Like the religious

writings of the Egyptians ( to which they have genuine affinity), the documents we have been considering are wholly taken up with types and images rather than with unique historical events and personalities;

ancient religious texts operate to a degree which we often fail to appreciate, with interchangeable parts, characters, and names. It is

hard for the analyticalminded Westerner to understand what goes on, and a vast amount of ink has been wasted on studies attempting an exclusive pinpointing of this or that character or event in the Dead

Sea Scrolls. But for the people who

wrote the Scrolls, it was quite possible for John to be an Elijah or the

Teacher of Righteousness a Messiah.

(To be continued)

FOOTNOTES

87The situation is depicted in the Epistle of the Apostles, c. 20 (31)f (Ethiopian text), and xiv (Coptic text), and

in the newly discovered Apocryphon of

THE BEST IN WORLD WIDE NEWS COVERAGE James,Quispel,discussedin Vigiliaeby H.-C.Christianae,Puech and G.8

(1956), pp. 1011.

Gospel of Philip, 106.

Gospel of Philip, 104, cf. 110.

00Puech and Quispel, op. cit., pp. 1313. 14.nIbid., p. USE OUR NEW ABC CREDIT PLAN Thomas, 52. e2Gospel of

FOR ALL YOUR PURCHASES AT AUERBACH'S S3GospelMFor a recentof Philip,treatment116, 118.of these ideas,

S. Piggott, ed., The Dawn of Civilization RICHMOND Simple as ABC—come to (N.Y.: McGrawHill, 1961.)

TREMONTON Auerbach's, Buy it, Charge it.

Pay the full amount the next month after you receive your statement, or NEW SHOES FOR SUZIE pay only 1/6 of your acBY ETHEL JACOBSON count balance each month.

You are your own banker, One shoe, in full your account pay or Two shoes, in each installments 1/6 month. For larger purWhite and spanking

chases, arrange a Contract Account with 6 months or New shoes, longer to complete payGood for puddlesment.

She hopes for a flood!

Phone for free delivery if you live in our large delivery 8251607 area, in in Ogden Salt Lake City area: 3281188 call And even better areas, in area. Outlying 3742780 area, Provo

Zenith 737 toll free. Free delivery north to Tremonton For sloshing through mud.

and Richmond, south to Payson and Provo, east to Heber and Midway, west to Grantsville and Tooele, all points One shoe, in between.

Beyond our delivery area, write to Auerbach's, Box 1465. Two shoes,

STATE AND Who'd ever believe BROADWAY SALT LAKE They're new shoes?

CITY, UTAH 84110

234 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ). 5

TEN LAWS Of PRIESTHOOD LEADERSHIP Here's the Help You've (.HAM VUl N'l l.'MVKIWITY Been Asking Fori

The Church Moves On SELECTED ( Continued from page 172 SPEECH HS VALUABLE AIDS i IN TEACHING retained as counwereSampson

President Henry D. Moyle, The Power of the

selors in the presidency. Priesthood of God SPEEC

Clark, Glen Harold Priesthood Windows of Heaven, the churchtfmi $.25 Is Clark, Harold Glen Priesthood in Powerthe Home 2515

produced fulllength motion picHaroldHarold GlenGlen Clark,Clark, TheTen PriesthoodLaws of Priesthoodand Tomorrow.25

ture telling the story of President Leadership 1

Lorenzo Snow's trip to St. George ElderHe HughMay BecomeB. Brown, What Is Man and What 15

Is God'sand the reemphasizing of the law ElderGreatestEIRay CreationL. Christiansen, Man

of tithing at that time, was preElder Harold B. Lee, Be Ye Not Deceived 1515

sented this evening on KSLTV. DavidMan H.as Yarn,CreatorJr., God as Creator and 15

F. Royall, Every Place 25 Man in HisThe film has been given in wards ElderElder SpencerPaul Tragedy or Destiny 25 W. Kimball,

and stakes of the Church. Elder Paul F. Royall, Family Togetherness

Parents, Children, and God 20 FEBRUARY 1966 WilfordTreatiseE. Smith,on HumanHis WorkFree Agencyand Glory, A 1.00

for postage and 10% individually—add February is the month of the Orderedhandling. Minimum 10c. All 13 prepaid for $3.35.

traditional penny drive for Children'sthe Hospital Primary in EXTENSION PUBLICATIONSSalt children Primary Lake City.

and their friends—some feeling very BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

togenerously pennies old—give the PROVO, UTAH forhospital of their age. every year

Theodore ( Ted ) Lincoln Cannon, 61, vice president of the

Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir and secretary of the Church InformaService,tion died in a Salt Lake Plan a Murdock Tour Now! hospital.City services Funeral

were held February 5. The following personallyescorted, allexpense-paid tours all include the

highest quality carriers and accommodations at surprisingly low cost:

Boy Scouts of America week 1 L.D.S. Temples Tour 1 1 days Leaves April 1 8th

began today. Generally LDS (Oakland, L.A., St. George, Manti)

1 4thwards and branches in the United 32 HawaiiEuropeanTourHighlights 211 2 daysdays LeavesLeaves JuneMay 9th

States held special Sabbathday 4 Temples & Lake Louise 1 2 days (bus) Leaves July 1 1 th services addressed to scouting and (Cardston, Idaho, Logan) youths in the Boy Scout program. 5 Scandinavian Vikings Tour 21 days Leaves July 12th

6 Hill Cumorah Pageant Tour 15 days (bus and air) Leaves July 15th "Recommittal 1966"for Boy 87 HillHill CumorahCumorah PageantPageant TourTour 8.15daysdays(air)(bus and air) LeavesLeaves JulyJuly 26th29th

Scouts and scouters was per- 9 Yellowstone, Passion Play Mt. Rushmore 8 days Leaves August 1 3th

sonally led by President David 10 He Tour 1 days Leaves September 1 Oth

O. McKay as he gave a word of

greeting and joined in the Scout oath and Scout law on a taped Murdock Travel Inc., 14 So. Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

radio program on KSL, Salt Lake Please send information on tour no

City, and KIRO, Seattle, on this

MIA evening. President McKay Name.

was introduced by YMMIA General

Superintendent G. Carlos Smith, Jr. Address.

The fourand-a-half minute tape is to be used by many radio stations City. State Era March '66

throughout the United States and

Canada. The Canadian Recommittal 1966 is scheduled for

February 22. On that day the

worldwide shortwave radio station

WRUL, New York and Boston, broadcasts this tape as well as a FASHIONSpanish version led by President LDSJ CONSULTANTS

A. Theodore Tuttle of the First WANTED IN ALL STAKES

Council of the Seventy and a 1 Lingerie with displaysleeves,, JEWELRY counterpart CO. by ElderGerman

ing the elegance DA 2-1039 to 42WEST2ND. SOUTHTheodore M. Burton, assistant of modesty.

1, SALT CITY LAKE UTAHthe Twelve.

Call or write:

251 1 South West Temple INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER

Salt Lake City, Utah 4862359

MARCH 1966 235

COME ALONG WITH

The San Bias People fathers,"was well received.

B.Y.U.M ( Continued from page 201 of Morethe importantrecently theislandsecondof chiefAiliis worn. Beads are wrapped around gandi, named Iguanikdipipi, visited

wrists and legs so tightly they seem an MIA in the Balboa Branch on to cut into the skin, and the costhe Pacific side. This was in 1961,

tume is completed with a gold ring and long conversations with memin the nose. Many have a line bers followed. The chief was imdown the center of the nose, inpressed with the similarity of his

tended for beauty, which is first native traditions and the teachings cut and then filled with dark dye. of the Book of Mormon. He reSmall girls first begin wearing the turned to Ailigandi and told his

nose rings at about eighteen people "the salvation of the Cunas

Enjoy a four directed by ERNEST J. months. The rings are changed will come through the Mormons."

WILKINSON and FRED S. WILLIAMS to in size from time to time as the The resemblance of beliefs bethe BOOK OF MORMON LANDS of CENchild grows. For ceremonial occatween these peoples and the Lattersions, or if a tourist will pay to day Saints is quite striking. They

TRAL and SOUTH AMERICA. Meet the take pictures, the women will don believe that anciently there were

people and see the magnificent sights large gold ear plates about five days of darkness in which the that await you. inches in diameter. These are valuwicked were all destroyed. Soon

For further information, just clip below able and represent the accumulaafter, the "Man of Light"(Ibeorand send to: tion of years of industry and sales gun ) visited them and taught them

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY of beads and molas to tourists. not to kill their deformed children,

DEPARTMENT OF TRAVEL STUDY. Albinos are very common on the how to govern their lives, and other

PROVO, UTAH 84601 islands. With pinkish white skin, things. He healed their sick and

yellow hair, and pink or blue eyes, promised to return.

Name they contrast sharply in appearance The preexistence of man living with their fellows. As their eyes in the presence of God is believed

Addressare oversensitive to light, they universally. They teach that anihave a peculiar squint. Among the mals and plants have spirits and

City..StateZip people they are believed to be "sons existed before this life.

of the moon"and are revered for God, to the Cuna, is like a man their supposed spiritual powers. in form, and he has a wife. On

The Cunas are highly respected one visit we asked an elderly for their integrity and industry. woman on Ailigandi, speaking BREADMIXER-- a bread batch for 1 to 4 Many are employed in the military through an interpreter, "What is makes

Zone. installations the of like?"Canal God - * yu loaves PstPaid $13.95 intelof order said, possess is like high a she "Oh,"They "he my

... We'll IT it for IS mail GIFT? you A to ligence, they this join father earth."and as began on

... steel capacity stainless quart mix12 they the discovered said, "But,""the Church other we we...... pail lifetime ing tindipped rod

with aluminum lid... size 12"x 12"x 14"have a capacity to appreciate the churches are teaching that he is

... FREE "oldtime"bread recipes included deeper meanings of the gospel. only a spirit without a form."

with each mixer. Ends tedious kneading. They are faithful in the priesthood "Oh, yes,"she replied, "but that

labor and is lie."and have just a preacher's become fine

missionaries. CoJwncL WHEAT MILL fulltime proselyting islanders believe in deThese

for by UNIVERSAL use While the women sew and make grees of glory or salvation. Their

nuts, wheat, corn, with tc. Easily adjusts for necklaces of shells and animal neles or prophets claim to have

fine or coarse grinding. teeth, the men fish and cross alvisited people in these different

$6.95 most daily to the mainland where glories. They believe that at death

each plus 75c postthey go upstream in a river to fill they enter in the celestial house of residents Utah age; water. gourds with fresh They the "Father."

tax. sales 24c add bagather firewood, coconuts, and traditions are: Their anOther

quantity "Special"prices to church nanas and hunt game. All natives cestors were white and came from

groups! Send orders are adept with cayucos—the native far across the sea, but because they to:

canoes and sailboats. failed to obey the commandments

One of the early contacts with they were punished with a dark

SMITHFIELD IMPLEMENT CO. this fascinating skin. aupeople of the The Son by LDS great God SMITHFIELD, UTAH 99 N. MAIN

thorities the first killed. to earth was made by and came was He

president of the Central American later came to these lands and gave

Mission, Gordon M. Romney, in many laws. Their people failed to

INISE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS 1953. The local brethren in Panama obey and were again punished.

arranged an invitation, and PresiSomeday they will be white and fair.Aids in treatment of Canker, simple dent Romney addressed a tribal Their community government is

sore throat and other minor mouth council of all the San Bias chiefs. communal in nature and is directed

and throat irritations. His message about the Book of on each island by a chief and

Mormon, "the history of your foretwo subchiefs. If a large catch of

HALL'S REMEDY Salt Lake City, Utah t-u-mtm-c-mmm-d-m-i'-mm-'.i'a-ii-O'r-i-

fish is made they belong to the boat with some degree of fear and the schoolteacher on the island, whole group; each family takes trembling. Before the council of who has joined the Church.

what it needs. Disputes are settled the elders he came, and the chief In November 1964 Elder Marion

by a council of chiefs and elders, said: "We hear you have joined a G. Romney visited the islands in

but decisions must have public new religion. Tell us about it."company with President Terrence

acceptance. This boy, so new in the Church, L. Hansen of the Central AmeriIn 1961 Donald Cross, the presistood before the council and can Mission.

dent of the Balboa Branch, began opened up his Bible. He taught The opportunity for the people

teaching the gospel to the Cuna them the restored gospel. The old of the San Bias Islands to accept

Indians employed at Fort Kobbe. men nodded in agreement. "This the gospel has not fully come. The

Fulltime missionaries were sent boy has learned more of God in missionaries continue working on from Guatemala. Several baptisms three months than I have learned the mainland where more than

resulted, and some were later called in all my life."A native Christian seventy of the Cunas have been

on fullterm missions. Iguanikmissionary said, "I knew these baptized. It is our sincere hope

dipipi visited other islands, telling people in the United States. They that the day may not be too disof the Mormons. President Cross are good people. I do not feel you tant when the Church may be esand Aurelio Munoz were invited can do wrong in accepting the tablished on the islands of the

to speak before the council in Mormon Church. I advise you, my Cuna nation. All of the members

Ailigandi. They were asked to people, to pay attention to the of the Church who have come to

establish the Church on the island. words of this youth. He speaks the know them well believe they may

A young convert, age sixteen, truth."Miguel continued his teachthen be baptized in great numbers.

named Miguel Martinez, was coning nearly all night, and then for a BIBLIOGRAPHYverted by the missionaries on the week he went from hut to hut mainland. Two months later he teaching groups of families. andNordenskiold,Ethnological Erland,Survey Anof theHistoricalCuna

received a summons to appear beOn one of our visits to Ailigandi Indians (in Spanish and English). Gbtefore the tribal council of his home we found the chief to be a grandborg, Sweden: Goteborg Museum.

island of Carti Tupile. All natives son of Simral Colman, the great Carles, Ruben Dario, San Bias, Tierra

leaving the islands are subject to orator of the tribe and the negode Brenner,los Cunas.Harold S., Jr., president of

discipline and may be called back tiator in many disputes with Atlantic Branch, Central American Misat any time. Miguel returned by Panama. This chief has a brother, sion. Tape recording.

Genealogists Dentists Doctors Everyone... Save Over 50%

EXAKTA & EXA,//?**—

35mm CAMERAS SINGLELENS REFLEX The worldfamous Exakta features an automatic splitimage rangefinder; interchangeable lenses and viewfinders; M, F and X

synchronization sockets; selfadjusting pressure plate; 26 shutter

speeds—from 1 /1000th sec. to 12 sec. plus bulb and time.

It is the most widely used camera by hospitals, doctors, laboratories and government because of its extreme versatility.

It utilizes the largest selection of lenses and accessories at low prices. Has provision for intentional double exposure. Comes

with pentaprism eyelevel viewfinder.

f2.8 f2.0 WITH 95 WITH DOMIPLAN PANCOLOR LENS $149 95 AUTO. AUTO. LENS 129

Nthg. Dn.. $2 Week! Nthg. Dn. $2.25 Week!

EXA I EXA II

5 shutter speeds; critical focus- 9 shutter speeds; pentaprism

ing magnifier; interchangeable viewfinder; interchangeable

lenses and viewfinders; MX lenses; focalplane shutter; MX

fash sync. & other extras. flash sync. & other extras.

f2.9 With tor, Reg. 59.95 Meri- $0095 Withplan, f2.8Reg. Domi109.50 $EQ95

SALE PRICE SALE PRICE Salt Lake City: 273 S. Main 155 S. Main 2190 Highland Dr.

Ogden: 2443 Washington Blvd. Provo: 161 W. Center St. Nothing Down - Only $1 Week Nothing Down - Only $7 Week

Idaho Falls: 446 Park Avenue

MARCH 1966 237

The Goodness of People the counter beside her basket.

Your kitchen stays (Continued from page 203) Mr. Samuel chuckled. "You've

man who answered the telephone brought your produce today, too, cleaner when you if he would step to the writing see.

stand, where I had been addressing "Mr. Samuel can't buy those tiny

a letter a short time before, and see eggs,"Mother chided.

if I had dropped it there. He "Certainly, I can,"the jolly groassured me it would be no trouble cer contradicted pleasantly. "My

at all and added, "Just hold the little girl will love them. You know

phone."He was gone so long that we don't keep chickens here

I was about to conclude he had in town."ELECTRIC forgotten me or on second thought Turning to my sister and me, he

gravely, as if this asked were the to ignore the request. decided Nothing is cleaner had transaction business important voice. most a pleasant I heard Then than a kilowatt—no "Sorry to keep you waiting, ma'am. in the world, "Do you wish to

products of combus- I've looked all over the post office sell your produce or take it out and the front sidewalk, but I can't in trade?"

tion - find it anywhere.""Trade,"we giggled. <A Some people seem to have a cer- "How about a nickel's worth of

tain facility for the kindly touch. candy?"(A nickel bought a sizOne isn't surprised at gracious able sack of sweets in those days!

deeds from folk with outgoing perWe were delighted with the sonalities. But thoughtfulness from candy and even more with the resomeone we didn't expect to be spect Mr. Samuel had shown us.

thoughtful is like the first flower He had treated us as equals!

on what has appeared an arid trail. When I started my file, the

Teenagers are sometimes frightthought did not occur to me that it

See the smart new ened to death for fear their goodwould contain anything more than ness will show! Although they gloss words and deeds. But goodness

electric range models over their good deeds, I have in doesn't confine itself to boundaries.

at your dealer's now. my memory file many a shining Sometimes silence is the greatest of

incident from my years as a highall kindnesses. Knowing when to

If it's electric, it's better! school teacher. leave something unsaid is as imUTAH POWER & LIGHT COMPANY This oblique kindness is one of portant as knowing when to say

my most cherished. When I arthe right word. A smile or a handrived at my classroom door early clasp can be fraught with meaning.

one morning, I was surprised to There have been times in my life MEN'S WEAR find my most uncommunicative when, I am sure, prayers and

FOR ALL... pupil waiting for me. Not for the kindly thoughts went winging up to

world would this young football heaven in my behalf. They had

player, who went out of his way to their effect, too, for I have felt appear tough, have had anyone "love that passeth understanding"know that he had brought flowers—a sense of comfort that spread

for his teacher. "Here,"he mutover me like a benediction.

tered, gingerly handing me three Once during a period of great of the largest and most beautiful anxiety, I received a letter from a peonies I have ever seen, "you can friend who expressed kindness in a have these. I don't want 'em."particularly subtle way. There was

I go deeper into my file and pull no mention of the succession of out another prized example of deaths in my family, the last of goodness, that of an adult to whom, my brother, had gone, like a child. the other two, after a lingering illThe grocer in the little town near ness. Instead, she wrote me a

which I lived was as jolly and cheery letter about the beauty of rotund as grocers are supposed to spring in the little city to which be. He had a chuckle that tickled she had moved a short time before

a little girl's funny bone and a and about the amusing requests smile that went straight to her that had come to her as research heart. His own heart was pure gold, librarian.

or maybe it was marmalade or This in itself was thoughtful, but candy—something sweet and good, the masterful touch came in the

at any rate. carefully selected stationery, which

One day when my sister and I carried this heading: "He giveth

went to town with Mother, we surgrace. Proverbs 3:34."I added

reptitiously took along a basket of that blessed assurance of supreme pullet eggs. When she took her goodness to my treasured file along

large basket into the store, we with the human kindness that took our small one and set it on prompted it.

Salt Lake City, Utah Paul J. Lund, Prop.

238 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Teaching These Times Puritan Boston, is today but one (Continued from page 199) ( Continued from page 165 of the many churches in Roger Williams'land of religious liberty.

being studied. of political leadership. "... none Cotton argued that magistrates

To accomplish this task the teachshould be appointed and chosen could be permitted to regulate er may do, indeed must do, many by the people of God, magistrates spiritual sins and that church printhings. First of all, he should over them, but men fearing God ciples, operating through the

tune in with life, the life that (Exod. 18:21) chosen out of their magistrates, could make efforts to

students are experiencing. He brethren (Deut. 17:15) saints. (1 make the people conform to the

must become acutely aware of the Cor. 6:1.) Yes, the apostle makes it more ideal frame of the church.

way they think, the way they feel, ashamed of the church, if it be not Religious pluralism in America the way they behave, and try to able to afford wise men from out seems to have outrun this. The

determine the why of these things. of themselves, which shall be able American multiplicity of strong

Second, the teacher must cultito judge all civil matters."between church organizations, each with

vate his curiosity. Curiosity may their brethren ( v. 5 ) freedom of proselyting, has conhave "killed the cat,"but it will John Cotton further wrote to tributed to coordinate group relagive life and vitality to the teacher. Lord Say and Sele, "It is better that tionships in the system of separation

Curiosity is creativity in embryo. of church and state. The state and

should its magistrates the teacher the Third, do not dominate STORM reTHE WARNERS churches. the bedtime rhymes, dominates nurseryread No church ELDRIDGE CANNON BY JESSIE

stories, and other types of chilstate, yet the churches play a role dren's literature. This helps in two Something there is that calls in preserving what they see as "libways. It provides material with the gulls together, erty in the people"and "wellbal-

which all students, young and old, To fly inland anced authority in the magistrates."

are somewhat acquainted. In addibefore a change in weather. 2. John Winthrop (15881649)

tion, such an experience will exerToday may be as yesterday, presents the problem of the state cise the teacher's interpretive fair and fine, attempting to execute both civil powers. Material such as the But there they are, law and "God's law"as developed

"Three Little Pigs"when read circling in a broken line, by the teachers of the Boston with a teaching frame of reference And truly, by tomorrow, church. In 1637 the General Court,

contains a rich source of fundathe storm will have begun... the legislature of the colony over

mental, meaningful, and, strange Something there is that calls them, which he presided as governor, as it seems, currently applicable or Someone. enacted one of the first American

ideas. laws excluding "aliens"from the

Fourth, the teacher should read community. The principle that a

current magazines and newspapers the commonwealth be fashioned to person deemed dangerous to the—especially the comic sections if the settingforth of God's house, integrity of the community should

teaching younger students—and which is his church, than to accombe excluded therefrom is argued in

view a sampling of the TV promodate the church frame to the his Defence of an Order of Court grams which students watch regucivil state."Cotton defended the Made in the Year 1637. His justifilarly. He should listen to the music Massachusetts law requiring that cation is the right of a political

in which young people find innone should be chosen to a magissociety to its security, its right to terest; the lyrics in popular songs tracy but a church member. Yet exist. Said Winthrop, "If we are

are full of ideas for stimulating it should be noted that Cotton did bound to keep off whatsoever apdiscussions. not argue for combining church pears to tend to our ruin or damThese and many other ideas, and state. Said he, "God's instituage, then may we lawfully refuse

even better ideas which one might tions (such as the government of to receive such whose dispositions think of, can become sources for church and of commonwealth be) unite not with ours and whose the perishable product—that prodmay be close and compact, and society (we know) will be hurtful

uct which is so vital to a student's coordinate one to another, and yet to us, and therefore it is lawful welfare and a teacher's success. not confounded."And in the end to take knowledge of all men before

he argued, with respect to elections we receive them."Further, "It is

Note: For 21 additional specific and the franchise, that "these things worse to receive a man whom we

suggestions the reader is referred... do not undermine, but do mumust cast out again, than to deny

to an article entitled "The Habit of tually and strongly maintain one him admittance."

Improvement"by the same author another."The three elements "which It may seem incredible to us that

in the December 1962 issue of The we principally aim at,"said Cotton, a group of English settlers in BosImprovement Era. are "authority in magistrates, libton, Massachusetts, in 1637, could

erty in people, purity in the become concerned over subversive church."Concluding, he said, "Puinfluence from such people as Ann

"If my people... shall humble rity, preserved in the church, will Hutchinson and Roger Williams!

themselves, and pray, and seek my preserve wellordered liberty in the Yet if Boston and Winthrop, graduface, and turn from their wicked people, and both of them estabate of Cambridge University, could ways; then will I hear from heaven, lish wellbalanced authority in be fearful of Mistress Hutchinson

and will forgive their fin...."the magistrates."John Cotton's and Master Williams, it is under-

2 Chronicles 7:14 church, a singlewill church in standable why communists armed

MARCH 1966 239 with ICBM's and hydrogen bombs formity and the state's religion, state has to be invoked to establish are feared. Williams'position, taken from his a system incorporating Williams'

3. Roger Williams (ca 16071644 statement, is well put as folvalues. "How"is the statesman's

1684), like Cotton and Winthrop, lows: "God requireth not a unitask. But this is what Lincoln did.

was also a graduate of Cambridge formity of religion to be enacted From Williams'1644 dialogue

University. But he was a Separatist and enforced in any civil state; "Peace"asks "Truth,""What may

rather than a Puritan. Gn his arrival which enforced uniformity (sooner the magistrate then lawfully do

in America in 1631, although invited or later) is the greatest occasion of with his... power in matters of

to serve as teacher of the Boston civil war, ravishing of conscience, religion?""Truth"replies, recogchurch, he declined because the persecution of Christ Jesus and His nizing the possibility that the magisBoston church was unseparated. servants, and of the hypocrisy and trate either recognizes and respects

We are indebted to Roger Wilthe destruction of millions of souls."a religion as (a) true, or (b) false.

liams for classic expression of the Williams'argument might run: If Concerning ones considered to be

doctrines of freedom of conscience, true, he owes "approbation,""counreligious liberty, religious toleratenance,""a reverent esteem and tion, and separation of church and FIRST CLEARING honorable testimony,""personal state. In 1644, in reply to Cotton BY FRANCES HALL submission of his own soul... to

and Winthrop that the power of the power of the Lord Jesus in that statethe used to intercould be religiousfere conscience, with he Good land is wrenched from the spiritualtion of government,"the "true professorsand protecof wrote, "It is the will and command forest slowly. Christ."season are the stumps in one it other a false (sinceof If on the that the of Not hand be coming God

out, grubbed it ) religion, "permisonly he owes a permisHis Son, the Lord Jesus sion of the most paganish, Jewish, The long roots pulled, clean fursion"to exist. Approbation he need

Turkish, or antiChristian conrows laid. not give. But he must tolerate its

sciences in worships, be granted to For years the stubborn growth existence. And this, said Williams,

all men in all nations and countries; comes back is "according to Matthew 13:30 for

and they are only to be fought To challenge ax and hoe and plow. public peace and quiet's sake."

against with that sword which is But that first harvest grown in a (Matthew 13:30 concludes the paronly (in soul matters) able to confield, able of the wheat and tares with

quer, to wit, the sword of God's That is the one a man remembers—Jesus'answer to the servant's inspirit, the word of God."Planted in rough uneven ground quiry, "Should we go and gather

During his residence as minister With the sod not yet quite broken up the tares and burn them?"Jesus

of the Plymouth church, 163133, To the patterns of soioing, reaping. replied, "Nay; lest while ye gather

he cultivated friendship with variThe beans that climb where the up the tares, ye root up also the ous Indian chiefs. His success in stumps once stood wheat with them. Let both grow

pacifying the Indians in ConnectiBloom rich in June as if they drew together until the harvest: and in

cut and Rhode Island may have on ivildrose roots; the time of harvest I will say to

influenced his idealism. Yet in the And the pumpkins tilting where a the reapers, Gather ye together first

Indian wars of 167576, when the rock remains the tares, and bind them in bundles town of Providence came under fire, Glow like a freshwashed shirt of to burn them: but gather the wheat

he served as a captain of militia. sorrel into my barn.") Secondly, Williams

Whether in the age of missiles and Thrown on a bush by passing argued that the magistrates owe atomic weaponry he would say summer. protection to all persons, even

that "... a permission of the most Sweetest in bin and scented most though they accept "a false wor-

... antiChristian consciences in in mow ship"in order "that no injury be

worships, be granted to all men Is that first taking from new soil. offered either to the person or

."in all nations and countries; and The ache of muscle, the lift of back, goods of any...

they are only to be fought against The ring of metal on unguessed Nearly fifty years before John with the sword which is only (in stoneLocke coined the phrase, "life, libsoul matters) able to conquer, to All flavor the winter pot that brews erty and property,"Williams sets wit, the sword of God's spirit, the A mans prime portion from his forth a trio of similar values to be word of God,"appears on this halfwon land. protected by government. In a

count doubtful. From the words time of fear or a time of faith, it

available in this text, it may be sugis a standard to which reasonable gested that Roger Williams was a God is not by his nature allowed to men may repair. Having early esfighter who would prefer to rely exercise such power, then neither tablished these political principles

on "... that sword which is only should a state. in our domestic political literature,

(in soul matters) able to conHow do we establish Williams'it would seem from the additional quer...,"namely, the extension doctrine of the wickedness of perselegacy of Winthrop and Cotton

of the word of God. But sometimes cution for cause of conscience? by that after the security of the United

he could not. That he would undereither church or state? In retroStates, a major objective of Ameritake to lead citizens of Providence spect, Cotton's and Winthrop's side can foreign policy could be to esin the Indian wars, in his elderly of the controversy may well have to tablish Williams'principles abroad.

years, may mark the point. maintain Williams'theory in the Otherwise liberty may not remain

Against states who imnose unilong run; that is, the power of the secure at home.

240 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA rrui Ui Left to right: LuJean Jorgensen, Jerry Williams, Marion D. Hanks, Editor Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor March 1966

Penny Jentzsch, Gayle Johnson, Jim Nebeker fvyr "'7;)r; -- f-f'Mi

mm

I I

wmim v rz;

<Wi

V

/INNERS JTO BE ANNOUNCED IN "A SPECIAL.! w

CONTEST SECTION, JUNE ERA OF.

"Lookforward "Doa Rememberyou recallthewhentime we....."

"Last year at this time, I was..."to the Memory

"What is your best memory?"

"Will you ever forget the day that.. w

by Elaine Cannon

.. and with such prompting, the memories spill forth from a mind full of experiences

-experiences that vary with the person and the pattern of a life.

Some memories are tender, treasured; some humorous or humiliating; some meaningless at this later date; some others even better forgotten, but there just the same.

A word, a sound, a song, a fragrance can trigger the recall and awaken images that have long since slept deep down where we live, whether we like it or not!

What will you remember tomorrow of dates and games and winnings and losings, of friends and mere faces, of family and feelings, of service to others, of coming to know

God? What will you remember?

Will there be memories that are memorable and gratefully taken out, dusted off, enjoyed, and then tucked away again along the way? Will there, instead, be too many mindstored happenings in your life that need full courage to forget?

Memories aren't made of big happenings entirely. Memories are surprising, illusive. Who

can say what the mind and heart will hoard automatically? The most inconsequential

occurrence can warm the soul years later. The craziest kind of encounter, even a questionable thing, can mark the mind forever after. The joys you have possessed are always

yours. But so are the pains. A child once denned, "My memory is what I forget with!"

Perhaps it could be more truly stated, "My memory is what I go to heaven with."

But we do have some control over our thoughts, over what we choose to commit to memory, over the experiences we have recorded within us. The best strategy we know for

remembering the right things is to keep on trying to live the right way. And when it

comes to making memories memorable, let's consider the counsel of Mark Van Doren:

"There is one thing we can do and the happiest people are those who do it to the limit of their ability.

"We can be completely present. We can be all there. We can control the tendency of our

minds to wander from the situation we are in toward yesterday, toward tomorrow, toward something we have forgotten, toward some other place we are going next. It is hard to do

this, but it is harder to understand afterward wherein it was we fell so short. It was

where and when we ceased to give our entire attention to the person, the opportunity before us."

The sweetest or the most exciting experience becomes the more memorable when all of ourthere"—towits aresmell,about tous,hear,whentoournotesensesthe aredetails,awakenedto instructand ourone'ssoulsminddrinkto receivein. To the"be fullall feeling—is to commit deliberately and indelibly to memory a cherished moment in your

life's history.

To look forward to the memory, to the time of recalling at some future date, is what this issue is all about.

242 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Past Present, Is the Future Perfect (A Pro and Con Discussion)

"The present is only understood in terms of the past,"someone once said. But does the past have an effect on our

future? This is a question that demands one's attention

if living the full life, the life of character and worth and achievement, is of interest to youth.

We invited a group of college students to discuss the subject "Does the past have a determining effect upon the future?"

We assigned the young people the sides which they were to speak for. All agreed they could have taken the opposite

point of view and could have had just as much to say about it.

There is something to learn in what was said.

The Editors

Does the Past have a determining effect upon the Future?

Discussion participants pictured top to bottom are

Jim Richards, Salt Lake City, Utah former British missionary... electrical engineering

student... student officer.

Ron Rossiter, South Pasadena, California... political science major... president,

Collegiate Athletic Association.

Elaine Wayment, North Ogden, Utah... elementary education student... mixed

quartets member.

Rodney Lionel Allen, Rochester, New York. Northwestern states missionary... Sunday School

teacher... economics student.

Julia Tall, Rigby, Idaho chorister master's in business education.

Heather McMaster, Fairbanks, Alaska.. music theory student before her recent

call to South German Mission.

( Continued

MARCH 1966 243

PASTFUTURE (continued from preceding page) learned, what advantages he's had, what his background has been. PRO

Jim Richards:

Julia Tall I am defending the point of view that our past does have a determining influence on our future.

I feel that it is through our past experiences that we A wise philosopher, William James, noted that in know how to change our lives so that we will have a Jefferson's play, every time Rip Van Winkle excused better future. We need the past experiences to go on. himself of a fresh dereliction, he said, "I won't count

It is a wonderful thing to be able to change, but this time.""Well he may not count it,"says James,

many times we have taken a course in our past that has "and a kind heaven may not count it, but it is being made it very difficult for us to change, so the paths counted nonetheless. Down among his nerve cells and

that we would like to have gone on have been byhis fibers the molecules are counting it, registering it passed. Maybe we would like to change our professions, and storing it up to be used against him when the next

but we have gone too deep in another way, and it temptation comes. Nothing we ever do is, in the strict

would be difficult for us to change. Or maybe we have scientific literalness, wiped out."Of course this has a

broken some of the laws of the gospel, and our lives good side as well as its bad one.

in the future will be affected by these past things. We By so many separate acts we become, perhaps, on the

are going to have to watch our future, watch the tempbad side, a drunkard by taking so many drinks; or,

tations that come; and we are going to have to evaluate on the good side, we become saints in the moral sense,

these by our past experiences. They will determine experts, and educated, people by so many separate acts.

which paths we take. I definitely think that the experiWhen Alma was talking to his son Corianton about

ences we have had in the past will be stepping stones his repentance, he spoke of the time when people are for us, or we can let them be hindrances. restored in the life to come. Corianton misunderstood

what the word restoration meant, but his father

Heather McMaster: explained to him. He said the meaning of the word

restoration is to bring back again evil for evil, carnal

I believe a person is the sum total—his intelligence for carnal, devilish for devilish, or good for that whichis the sum total—of all the experiences he has had in is good and righteous for that which is righteous. But

life, the knowledge he has gained from his reading, he said it is not to take a thing out of a natural state joined with his basic character. A person that hasn't and place it in an unnatural state or place it in a state

had the opportunity of going to college or high school opposite to its nature. So in order for us to inherit the

or even (as so many people in some areas) grammar things we desire in the life to come, we must in this schools and other schools—how can he even learn life prepare; we must become righteous now in order

ideas? to be reinstated into a righteous existence in the life

And how does such a person overcome environment to come. And so in this respect our past does have a

when he hasn't been taught the correct principles? He determining influence upon what our future will be.

has no concept in his mind of these ideas as he hears A wise man once said: "He who chooses the beginthem for the first time and since he has no background ning of the road chooses the place that it leads to."

and has no way to relate them in his mind, how can And "he who picks up one end of a stick picks up the he be expected to make a correct decision? You can't other."Many people in their lives have already picked

tell a person the qualities of virtue and expect him to up one end of a stick and are now suffering for the accept them when he has been raised and brought up consequences of those things they have done in the differently and been told to live a different way all his past. Therefore the past does have a determining

life. Yet his whole life is determined by what he has influence upon what we are now.

Left to right: Heather McMaster, Rodney Lionel Allen, Julia Tall, Elaine Wayment, Ron Rossiter, Jim Richards

sins. As we read in 2 Nephi, the 31st chapter,

verses 1718 "Wherefore, do the things which I have told you I have seen that your Lord and your Redeemer should

Elaine Wayment: do;that for,ye mightfor thisknowcausethe havegate theyby whichbeen yeshownshoulduntoenter.me,

For the gate by which ye shoidd enter is repentance I strongly believe that it is never too late to change.

I know it is very hard to change once you have gone and baptism by water; and then cometh a remission

on a path a certain way, but I think that most people of your sins by fire and by the Holy Ghost, are then straight path ye in this and narrow "And discover there is a change, need for and makewho to in leads eternal life; entered yea, ye the which have

I greatly blessed for strongly will bechange, it. I know

admire someone who makes a great change in his life by the gate; ye have done according to the commandwhen he feels it is necessary. ments of the Father and the Son; and ye have received

I had a very close friend whose parents were not the Holy Ghost, which witnesses of the Father and members of the Church. He was the only child and the Son, unto the fulfilling of the promise which he

was not brought up under the circumstances that an hath made, that if ye entered in by the ivay ye should

LDS person is brought up under, and therefore he did receive."

not know of the things we have been taught all of I think that the eternal purpose of life is to change, our lives. Through a friend he became converted to the and as we change and live the principles of the gospel,

Church and was baptized. After he was graduated from we can obtain a perfection and life with our Father

high school he went on a mission. His parents did in heaven.

not support him in this, and he was therefore more or this family, but, nevertheless,less discouraged by his Ron Rossiter:

his future. did not influencepast and He went on

came through as a very successful missionary. He I believe the past does not completely determine the

was an assistant to his mission president and was very future. In the thirteenth article of faith it says that

all to do. in set outsuccessful returned he he When all things, believe all things, hope and hope we we we

life, to live baptized only he on a better not wenthe all is It to able things. certainly to be endure my

people therefore brought familyhis more and many belief that to no matter degree a what have man may into the Church. sinned, he may repent. I believe that the gospel is a

gospel of hope—a gospel of love. I believe that in the

Rodney Lionel Allen future a man who recognizes his faults may, through the divine laws of repentance and baptism, change his

The whole eternal purpose of life is to change, to life. I believe the present and the past do not always

live under the celestial law, to live true to the comtell what the future will be. I believe in a strong hope

mandment given in Matthew, the 5th chapter, the 48th the hope that men can overcome weaknesses and that verse, to be perfect as our Father in heaven is perfect. through a realization of their weaknesses they can

Joseph Smith once said become more perfect in the future. I believe in a

healthy attitude of "hope for the best,"no matter what "Let us realize that we are not to live to ourselves we have done in the past. It seems if we do not hope

but to God. By so doing the greatest blessings will rest for the best in the future, we will take the attitude of

on us both in time and in eternity."discouragement which tends to be one of the devil's

main tools. I believe that we must not get discouraged.

If we allow depression and discouragement to follow The prime example of this is Abraham. His father

after we have committed sins or acts which bring was an idolater, but Abraham lived to be one of the misgivings, we will not be able to realize our full greatest prophets that we have ever known. He overpotential. As we worry about the past we cannot fulcame environment. He overcame his past.

fill the future. I myself and people I met in the I am a firm believer that God has all power. I bemission field received a spiritual conversion; we put lieve that God can do anything he wishes to do. I

off sin and the degradation of the world and went forth believe that he can influence the lives of each one of in the gospel. As we look forward and enter the gate us the way that he will. I believe that according to

of baptism and realize our potential in accepting Jesus what we do—not because of our past, but because of

Christ as the Savior of the world, he will remit our what we do now and what we do in the future—we

will receive the blessings of our Heavenly Father. I

believe that God gives life and he takes life away.

Does the Past Idon'tbelievebelievethatinhethiscanoldrestoretale thatanythingif you hepoundwishes.a nailI

is a hole and therefore a scar lefthave a determining effect in a board there upon the Future? heforever.can forgiveGod madeus completelythose elements,and thatand heif hecansaysrestorethat

those elements to just the way they were, he can. I

believe forgiveness in our lives is forgetting our past.

This is part of the plan of repentance.

MARCH 1966 245

Gary Perkins

Will I ever forget?

by Marion D. Hanks

QUESTION: I've been told that God will forgive and his father's good counsel set him on the path

and forget our mistakes if we sincerely repent? to restoration. But he still had his bad memories,

Will I ever be able to forgive myself and to forget? and the problem of living with them.

Alma didn't promise that Corianton would forANSWER: The Lord has taught us that if we get. He taught him how to live with his memories,

truly repent he will forgive our sins and "rememproductively, humbly, continually appreciative for ber them no more."Our forgiven transgressions the mercy and longsuffering and forgiveness

"shall not be mentioned"unto us. of God.

"You'll remember your sins,"we can almost

But there remains, in our restoration to wholehear Alma saying. "You probably won't ever forness, our need for the forgiveness of others and get. But remember in the right way for the of ourselves. right reasons."

Will ever forget sins we our life ever? How can Don't let the sorrows that inevitably result from

ifbe right to continue we suffer remember and sin disqualify blessings you from your or your for our transgressions? contribution. shrivel Don't inside hear when you knew about Alma he

; sorrowful memories—and the pointed sermon or lesson don't turn the fromsaid a supremely significant thing to his son brotherhood of the Saints or the of path the Lord

Corianton because you've made mistakes. Don't give up and

''And now, my son, I desire that ye should let these die, spiritually. Christ "suffered these things"

things trouble you no more, and only let your sins that we might not eternally suffer, on condition trouble you, with that trouble which shall bring you of our repentance.

down unto repentance"(Alma 42:29.) Let your memories "bring you down unto repentance"; let them "trouble you"only with that'

Corianton had committed a serious evil and had trouble which will keep you repentant. Remembeen sorely rebuked by his father. Alma's loving ber—in order to keep fully alive the gratitude ofaccount of the atonement of Christ—his payment your heart for the love of God and for what Christmade in advance for our sins—humbled Corianton, has done for you.

Remember... in the right way for the right reasons.

246 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Craig Christensen

by Robert G. Crawford

Until I was twelve, my mother's prodding and and whisperings I had within me. I felt within

persuading motivated my activity in the Church. an assuring feeling of peace, a calm that made all

I participated because it was her will, not mine. things other than him and myself oblivious. My

That year, my thirteenth, her usual persuasion heart beat faster. I was quickened by great

had brought me to our stake quarterly conference. thoughts and impressions of what the future

Her persuasion was aided by the thoughts of the would bring. Tears came to my eyes, but this

visiting General Authority, a man very able to time I did not feel ashamed of tears. For once

hold the interest of young boys. I thought not of baseball, hockey, fishing, and

Our visitor spoke about the youth of the similar thoughts that enter the minds of twelveChurch, the youth of nobility. He spoke of a testiyear olds. I thought of the image my thoughts

mony of the gospel, how it was obtained, and what and actions gave to God. I considered his contemit meant. He spoke of the Spirit and how it could plation of my image.

influence a person's life. I had heard others say I left the conference in a peaceful, happy mood,

what the Holy Ghost could do. In fact, in my grateful that my mother had persuaded me to go.

own way, I had even said what it could do, but I I saw greater significance in the Church. I needed

could not consciously ever recollect feeling the less persuasion and soon none at all. I have

Holy Ghost's influence. long since forgotten the words of that day, but

As he talked, I listened in a twofold way. never have I forgotten the feelings, the influence

I understood the words he spoke, but more imof the Spirit, that I consciously experienced portant, I began to understand the feelings and recognized.

MARCH 1966 247 Fortunately, there are those who have thought beyond the mere today of life. Not surprisingly,

their concern for tomorrow has, in most instances, made each day of their lives more meaningful.

We can look back upon a long and impressive list of men and women who have given unselfishly of themselves to insure a string of tomorrows for us. Let's recall just a few of them.

Some who cared

The world knows no greater life than that of

the nonChristians, he is today, even that among of us perfection. of For each one rod measuringWho cares Jesus Christ. So great was his concern for others

the humble carpenter of Nazareth stretched toabout morrow beyond the grave and into eternity.

Joseph, there times was In Old Testament slavery of Israel, depths the of who rose fromtomorrow? son

to the position of Pharaoh's confidant, temporal savior of his people and head of God's chosen family on earth. If he had not looked ahead to his

tomorrows and those of his family and descendants, they would have perished.

Nearer our own time, America owes many of its tomorrows to the farsighted thinking of Thomas without shunning the vast wisdom of man—keep

Jefferson. The Declaration of Independence, like his mind open to the endless knowledge of God.

Moroni's "Title of Liberty,"challenged and enHe lives with and profits from both.

couraged men to assert their Godgiven freedom.

Other countries where the Church has flourThe next bullet ished have produced leaders who, like Jefferson, have worked for rich and happy tomorrows. One The soldier who knows that there is always tois the late Sir Winston Churchill. When Churchill morrow, even should death ride the next bullet,

raised his fingers in the defiant "V for Victory"will convey a confidence and inner strength to sign, he was not thinking of the terrors of each those who share his barracks or his foxhole.

today but rather the triumphs of each tomorrow. The young athlete, businessman, or career girl

who refuses to lower standards for the sake of fleeting fame, money, or status is, like Joseph,

And in our lives? breaking out of slavery and chaining up the false

gods which some live by today.

Few of us find ourselves in such pivotal positions of leadership as did any of these four men. What's in it for me?

But our own lives and assignments often take on more meaning than we may comprehend. In most walks of life there are many who may

The missionary who lives not just for today or ask, when decision blocks the path, "What's in it for his own "two years in the field,"but for the for me NOW? Who cares about tomorrow?"

long'tomorrows of church progress, serves with History and the future both rise up to remind distinction. that many have cared about tomorrow. They

The young LDS student who can think beyond should, too, if only because God cares about it.

the theories of today, knowing that truth may And well he should. He has lent us tomorrow, to

often lie hidden in the mists of tomorrow, can polish or to let stand tarnished for all to see.

It's a HAPPENING

Having a Staging a pity party "Go fly your kite day"

... for friends... for school clubs, MIA,

pining over a lost election youth missionary committee and or contact lens, a broken leg or family hour, too. Purchase

romance. Serve apple cider and inexpensive kites and spray them

ginger ale in mom's prettiest bright colors. Party goers make

goblets. To each glass, their own kite tails from colored

attach a whimsical "toast"to be rags and dyed twine. Go fly

read to the "poor pitiful people."them. Pretty fun!

250 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Not much to do—not much to remember? Anybody

can be around waiting for something to happen.

Even a worm. But smart juniors will make memories

of their own and some for the crowd, too, by having a happening. Why don't you try:

j

( - f"; A.

tv

|!.i;

Giving Granny Making the goaround memorymobiles

... guests wear granny gowns... memories hang high when a

(for girls) or western shirt and string wedding invitation, a snapshot, tie for boys. Have apple dumplings a program, a corsage ribbon, a

and buttermilk and good talk souvenir, or whatever is suspended while picture pedigree pages are from your ceiling by shades of compared. sewing thread.

MARCH 1966 251

Left to right;

Douglas H. Smith

President Stanford G. Smith

Mary Ellen Smith Richard F. Smith

m&is Aq&t

Do you have a book of remembrance?

Do you know who you really are?

Have you found your place on your family tree?

And what of your place in God's great plan for all his children?

Can you turn to a page in your personal record write by the spirit of inspiration book and trace priesthood line of authority, check "And by them their children were taught to baptismal date, read again and again your patriread and write, having a language which was pure archal blessing? Can you muse over pictures of and undefiled.

ancestors long gone and dream of the faces that "Now this same Priesthood, which was in the will fill the spaces left for posterity of yours yet beginning, shall be in the end of the world also.

to come? "Now this prophecy Adam spake, as he was

A book of remembrance is also an important moved upon by the Holy Ghost, and a genealogy part of your church experience for reasons we was kept of the children of God. And this was

may not yet be able to fully understand. Heavenly the book of the generations of Adam...."

Father's rules for his children don't change. Even (Moses 6:5-8.)

Adam was required to keep a written record. Your book is a book of your generations. An

"And a book of remembrance was kept, in the exciting thought, isn't it? You'll want it comwhich was recorded, in the language of Adam, for plete and as perfect as possible. You'll want all

it'was given unto as many as called upon God to the records for which only you can be responsible.

Here are some things you might include in your book of remembrance:

;;'..;;.;:

A personal record sheet.

(How are you doing in terms of the heritage you are building for your own posterity?)

A personal pedigree chart.

(Get acquainted with great men and women vitally interested in

you.)

A family group sheet.

(List all the vital facts of family births, baptisms, deaths, marriages, >temple work.)

A portrait pedigree chart. mfk

(Don't give up too easily on this one. Relatives can be coaxed into

looking a little harder for a pic- i i 1 1 i Somebody!) ture of Greataunt

Mount certificates, priesthood line of authority.

Write a personal history:ooKOF?\me(ReRMce''>'r h J) mi

41lfi)ftRD and try to include one r from each parent and Afar/ Ellen Smtbh

grandparent.

Include a copy of your

patriarchal blessing.

!!.

Salutation to the Dawn Check List by Kalidasa of Reminders

... to living the

Look to this day For it is life, the very life of life. happiest life

In its brief course Lie all the verities and realities The Ten Commandments of your existence:

The bliss of growth, The Beatitudes The glory of action, The splendor of achievement, For yesterday is but a dream, The Articles of Faith

And tomorrow is only a vision,

But today welllived makes every yesterday The Word of Wisdom a dream of happiness And tomorrow a vision of hope.

Look well, therefore, to this day The Ordinances of the

Such is the salutation to the dawn. Gospel of Jesus Christ

On Acquiring Memories

by Richard L. Evans

And in acquiring memories of our own, and in making them for others,..

(memories that will let us look unflinchingly into the eyes of every man we meet, and unto Him who is the Judge and Father of us all)... there are some

kinds of memories we should remember not to make, and some beautiful memories we should remember to make for old age—and for all the ages after

—memories written on the everlasting record that would be kindly to recall.

(Excerpted from "On Acquiring Memories"in From Within These Walls by Richard L. Evans, Harper & Brothers, Publishers.)

254 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MELANIE McEWEN... KEITH RUSSELL... PEGGY BOSLEY... new BRENT HASSON... has

has this to say: "You've knows all about persistence ly named Miss Covina, is a walked off with so many

heard the statement 'Beas well as swimming. He daughter of Dr. and Mrs. scholarships that Mormons

hind every good man there began swimming when he James Bosley and famous in Inglewood Stake are is a good woman'; well, I was only four years old and as a high school song hardpressed to know what

know that behind the girl was diving by the time he'd leader, student leader, semnew honor can come to him.

who earns 100 percent turned six. Even a broken inary leader, and an artist They're quietly proud of the

awards is a good father. leg and a fractured skull model. She is currently church example he sets,

At least this was true in along the way did not keep serving as a Sunday School too. Brent has been elected

my case."him from doggedly improvteacher in the Charter Oak a life member of the CaliMelanie ruled as Belle of ing his skill. He has reWard, Covina, California. fornia Scholarship Federathe Y last year, is a speech ceived offers from many tion and has won scholarwinner in 4-H and church great universities across ship awards and certificates

competitions, and has been the nation to attend college of merit from California a Primary teacher, a Sunday on swim scholarships, inBoard of Education, AcaSchool chorister, and a cluding the US Naval Acaddemic Achievement Society, stake MIA dance director. emy at Annapolis. Kiwanis Club, and the Sears

As her various honors have Foundation. He's an active

come to her, Melanie gives member of his priesthood credit to all those who have quorum and seminary helped her achieve. "We group.

have a saying in our home:

it's the 'Remember, play be-"counts!'that the play hind

uduyut (Uir teoJik evU; UMykld (6th in Series)

"Would you mind if my husband with persons not of our Church.

and I stay close to you at the party Here we found good friends who startled tonight?"This question me. principles. beliefs our respected and is 0. Haight Sister Ruby the only were and husband politely My can learned that you I have serving with her I party. at large a friend still represently Mormons My refuse refreshment and any

continued, "You and your husband main good friends. husband in Scotland where

over presides President Haight at parties fun so always have much is life proving to a ground This drinking. only Scottish without Mission. the Not Widely do we in eternity. status our To determine

cocktails take morninghave and graciousness, her for known of in world not the world the and be after but not headaches, have do we genuineness, charm, and Ruby decisions. definite as Just requires

that fun to have."the you seem its growing, a has "second been tree own Haight do must each

My friend wanted a good time, according to its environment, so we mother"to many young people, of group,"the to "one be wanted in will of the the environment grow particularly those were who a cocktail, that discovered she but set. the share As standards we we University attending Stanford really wanted, not taken was when sejoy, truths, purpose, and gospel the and enjoyed warmth and who busivarious answer. Our not the lives. will into our curity come in the Haight home comfort of civic activities brought and ness

opportunities to associate socially Ruby 0. Haight Palo Alto, California.

MARCH 1966 255 The Last Word

Prayer is not conquering God's The fouryear-old boy at the dinner reluctance but taking hold of table spoke up: "I'm a good boy. I'm

God's willingness.—Phillips Brooks eating all of my bread, even the bark."

Want of care does us more damage than His heart was as great as the world, but there was no want of knowledge.—Benjamin Franklin room in it to hold the memory of a wrong.—Emerson

All who joy would win "Johnny, why did you feed your If a thing is done well, no must share it,—Haplittle sister yeast?""She one will ask how long it

—Georgepiness wasGordonborn aByrontwin. tryingswallowedto myraisenickel,the anddough."I'm tookit.—Presidentto do it, Johnbut whoTaylordid

The soul is dyed with the color of its leisure thoughts

A little girl was showing her playmate her new home. "This is Daddy's den,"she explained as they entered one room. "Does

your daddy have a den?""No,"was the answer, "my pop just growls all over the house."

I never take a nap after dinner but when I have had a There is but an hour in a day between a bad night, and then the nap takes me.-—Samuel Johnson good housewife and a bad.—English Proverb

Three polar bears were sitting on After a day of cloud and wind and rain an iceberg. All were cold and quiet. Sometimes the setting sun breaks out again,

Finally the father bear said, "Now, And, touching all the darksome woods with light,

I've a tale to tell.""I, too, have a tale Smiles on the fields, until they laugh and sing,

to tell,"said the mother bear. The Then like a ruby from the horizon's ring,

little polar bear looked up at his Drops down into the night.

parents and said, "My tale is told."—Longfellow, "Hanging the Crane"

/ firmly believe in Divine Providence,.. Without God

the world would be a maze without a clue. Woodrow Wilson

256 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

CoolE!se methodNew

real homemade bread...a new easier way

You mix, shape, refrigerate...bake it when you're ready. No more

watching or waiting around. The loaves rise in the refrigerator.

Pop them in the oven anytime from 2 to 24 hours later...and get bread

as good as when you did it the old way. (Some women tell us better.)

sfcNew CoolRise recipes for homemade bread and variations are now FLEISCHMANN'S.. YEAST 1

on the back of Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast packages. Get this Fleischmawts Fleiscnmanns Fleischmann's

extraactive yeast today... and get the best bread you ever baked. "'* Yeast—Yeast—Yeast

51966 INTERNATIONAL MILLING COMPANY INC.

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

"Ceiling unlimited"... no place to go but up. That's the story of young men and

women who are being educated today for tomorrow's challenges and opportunities.

Many are receiving their educations from funds provided by Beneficial Life Insurance.

And some are finding in the life insurance profession itself a future career of personal service that can be tremendously rewarding. Ask your Beneficial Life Agent about opportunities in this exciting field, or write: Beneficial Life BENEFICIAL LIFE

Insurance Co., Beneficial Bldg., Salt Lake City, Utah.

One of the West's oldest and largest life insurance companiesserving 11 Western States and Ohio. Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah