d I

***., There's one other just as soft asChillbn facial ti

It eomes in rolls.

Both the bathroom tissue and the facial tissue have the same touch of luxury—in colors

as gentle as the tissue itself.

Two layers of tissue make Chiffon doubly soft and doubly strong.

By the box, or by the roll.

Memo to Our Readers The Voice of the Church

From Doyle L. Green,

Managing Editor June 1967

Since 1942 The Improvement Era has Volume 70, Number 6 been printing the addresses of the General Conference Addresses

General Authorities given at the annual and semiannual general conferences of 22111, as indexed on page 24 the Church. This service was started

because travel restrictions and other Regular Features problems brought about by World. War 2 Editor's Page: With All My Heart, President David 0. McKay

II limited attendance at the conferences. 10 Genealogy: Major Genealogical Record Sources in Scotland

These "conference issues"proved so 14 LDS Scene popular and valuable that they have 45, 56, 64, 83 The Spoken Word, Richard L Evans been continued, furnishing Era readers 112 Best of Movies each June and December with a perma113 The Church Moves On nent record of the inspired words of our Church leaders. 114 Melchizedek Priesthood: The Spirit of Home Teaching

This issue also looks forward to the 116 Presiding Bishopric's Page: Changing From Failure to Success

great MIA conference, scheduled for 118 Today's Family: To Turn a Page, Florence B. Pinnock

June 23, 24, and 25. The cover was 122 Buffs and Rebuffs

reproduced from a 4 x 5 color trans126 These Times: The Adams Family, G. Homer Durham

parency by Larry Nicholson of one of 128 End of an Era the numbers from the dance festival held in 1965. Our interviewarticle, 129 Era of Youth

The Era Asks, beginning on page 6, tells of the MIA program and plans for Special Features

June Conference this year. 4 Dearest Dad

The art and written word for the 6 The Era Asks About MIA and June Conference fullcolor feature on the reformers, beginning on page 71, were developed for 71 The Falling Away and Restoration of the Gospel the new Visitors'Center on Temple

Square. The artist is Ken Riley. Fiction, Poetry

Meet another staff member: The ex16 The Pearl, Alma Deane Feller

acting responsibility of directing the 40, 67, 128 Poetry editing and proofreading functions of the Era rests in the capable hands of

Eleanor C. Knowles. She was appointed

to this position in February 1966 from executive secretary of the Alumni AssoBrigham Young University, where she ciation of Cornell University Medical was a graduate assistant in communicaCollege. She received her formal traintions. Prior to this she had worked in ing at the University of Utah and Utah

New York as an editorial assistant for State University. She is also a gifted

the American Management Association, writer, and in every way is eminently as house organ editor for the Kenyon qualified to fill her important assignand Eckhardt advertising agency, and as ment on the Era staff. O

Official organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Associations, Improvement FlorenceEditors; Teaching Committee, Music Committee, Home School Church - FamilyArtist.Editor;Editor;AlbertMarionL. Zobell,D. Hanks,Jr., ResearchEra of YouthEditor;Editor;MabelElaineJones Cannon,Gabbott, EraJay M.of YouthTodd, DoylePinnock,L.F. Green,Price,Today'sManagingStaff DavidEleanor0. Knowles,McKayEditor; andRalphEditorialRichardReynolds,Associates;L. Evans,Art Director; NormanB. System, and Associate of other agencies Christ Church of Jesus of Latterday The Saints,

F. Scott, BusinessEditors.Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Acting Business Jr.,FranklinGeneralDirector;S.Manager;Harris,ThayerJr.,FlorenceHughEvans,S.Nibley,Jacobsen,S. GlennSidneySmith,AssociateB. Sperry,AdvertisingGeneralAlma Manager;Representatives.A. Gardiner,Verl Contributing The Improvement Era, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 G,G.ManagerCarlosHomerandSmith,Durham,Subscription

General year,publishedcopy, inexceptadvance;by thefor of The3 MutualChurchyears, Improvement$8.25; of JesuseachChristAssociationsucceedingof Latterdayyear,of TheSaints.$2.50Churcha Allyearof rightsJesusaddedreserved.Christto theof Latterdaythree-yearSubscriptionSaints,price;price.35$1967,$3.00singleanda Mutualmultipleissues.Improvementsubscriptions,Superintendent,Associations2 years,Young$5.75;Men's special

actEnteredof Octoberat the Post1917,Office,authorizedSalt LakeJuly 2,City,1918.Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103,

is not Improvement sufficientEra by postageresponsible Theaccompanied forthe be unless days'cannotnotice forchangeolddeliveryaddressforof unsolicitedaddress.andasreturn.well manuscriptsWhenas theorderingnew onebuta iswelcomeschange,included.pleasecontributions.include addressManuscriptsslip fromarea recentpaid forissueon ofacceptancethe magazine.and mustAddressbe Thirtychanges madeis required

June 1967 The Editor's Page

By President David 0. McKay

In this month of MIA June Conference, I say, God bless the leaders and the teachers of the auxiliary organizations of the Church. Within your own ward

or branch, each of you is working with the same fine members, but your various assignments bring them to you on different days of the week. While the approach of each leader may be different, your goal is

the same: to keep your students upon the sure pathway to life eternal.

You are engaged in a wonderful work; it is God's

work. You are his partners in helping him fulfill his

great purpose to bring to pass the immortality and eternal life of man.

To you who are leaders of youth, I give this special charge: strive always to improve the outstanding record you are making in keeping our young people close

to the Church. They are among our choicest treasures. None must be lost.

Show always a hopeful attitude and a pleasing appearance before your class. Our youth yearn for

hope and faith. Teach with love. Teach not only

lessons but young people, whom you love as God's children and as your brothers and sisters. Teach with

understanding. Respect the different personalities

God has created in his children.

Teach the youth to keep their souls unmarred and unsullied from sin. Meet your class with a prayerful

heart; no matter how well prepared you may be, you

must always be dependent on that higher influence.

Exemplify in your daily lives the moral and spiritual ideals of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints.

You who are called to these important assignments in the MIA, the other auxiliary organizations, or to priesthood activity, when you prayerfully accept, accept with the attitude that you will serve as long as you are needed. It takes at least a year to learn

and know the program, and knowing the program is the first thrilling step that in our Church makes the

Improvement Era

"yoke easy, the burden light."to find solace and peace in his love—this is the greatest

You cannot teach impressively what you do not privilege, the most sublime opportunity, of the teachlive. Leading youth to know God, to have faith in ers of the Church, which great goal I earnestly pray

his laws, to have confidence in his Fatherhood, and each of you may achieve.

To you, my young friends, I say: The future is yours of men, especially young people. How we desire

to make or to mar as you choose. true happiness for them.

Youth—conviction—courage: this is a combination Years ago as a school superintendent and junior

potentially capable of determining the kind of world member of the Council of the Twelve, I adopted some we shall live in. rules of conduct that I called my "guides to happiness."

Even while the glories of your youth gladden your For an earlier generation of wonderful young people, hearts and brighten your hopes with anticipated sucthe Mutual Improvement Associations made these cess, there rests unfelt upon your shoulders the weight sentences available, calling them "President McKay's of a coming responsibility. Yours is the challenge Rules For Living."I share them with you now:

to shape the future. Into your hands and the hands 1. Develop yourself by selfdiscipline.

of millions of other youths will be placed the banner 2. Joy comes through creation, sorrow through

of civilization. destruction.

To carry it forward successfully will demand cour- 3. Do things that are hard to do.

age, or what Luke calls "the boldness of Peter and 4. Entertain upbuilding thoughts. What you think

John"(Acts 4:13)—that quality of mind which enables about when you do not have to think shows what you

one to encounter danger and to overcome difficulties. really are.

It is a virtue admired by everyone. 5. Do your best this hour, and you will do better

The courage I would have youth possess, as they the next.

take their part for a better future, is not necessarily 6. Be true to those who trust you.

physical. It is the fearlessness to act in accordance 7. True friends enrich life. If you would have

with their convictions, courage to do.right whether friends, be one.

alone or in public, courage to be true to a trust. 8. Pray for wisdom, courage, and a kind heart.

These are some of the challenges facing youth 9. Give heed to God's messages through inspiratoday, and you young men and young women musttion. If selfindulgence, jealousy, avarice, or worry

no, you will—meet those challenges. have deadened your responses, pray to the Lord to

The Book of Mormon Lehi, speaking to his son wipe out those impediments.

Jacob, said: "... men are, that they might have joy."10. Faith is the foundation of all things—including

(2 Ne. 2:25.) Joy and happiness are the twin heritages happiness. q

June 1967 x>

barest Dad:

I was in a very tender mood as I thought of Father's

Day and what I could do to let you know how much

I love you. These are some of my thoughts on the

subject.

I love you for the way your eyes crinkle at the corners when you laugh, and for the deep sound of your laugh.

I love you for the way you touch my forehead with your strong hand and ask me how I feel, when I am sick.

I love you for the kind, wise, loving counsel that you always give me. I love you for your honesty.

I love you for your patience with me when I'm moody.

I love you for the example you are, because I have that wonderful example to help me in choosing a husband.

I love you for the opportunity I had to work with you. I know it brought us closer together. I regret

that day as a little girl when you asked me to go to work with you, and I didn't go.

I love you when you're in a teasing, fun mood.

I love you for the priesthood that you bear. I love

you for having me stand with you in that testimony

Dearest

1 1 love you when

mood. I love

tears when p\

meeting after I was baptized. I love you for your diligence in writing to me when

I love you for your tears when you are moved I was a missionary. I love you for giving birth to me,

emotionally. for being my mother.

I love you for the way you love my mother. I re- I love you for your courage and fortitude in life

member one day long ago when you spanked your when you've had pain and disappointment.

two little girls for being mean to her. I remember I love you for the way you flip a pan of rolls.

this because it showed me how much you respected I love you for the way you trea (t my friends. I love

and loved my mother, and that you expected me you for your modesty in dress and in conduct.

always to give her that I love you for always being there when I needed same love and respect. 1 gh you.

I love you for staying home to raise your family. It

JBi jKerarest Mom: was such a tremendous comfort to hear you answer

As I wrote my thoughts to Dad, those thoughts each time we came home from school and work.

automatically included you. I love you for being oldfashioned in the right

I love you for the assurance I felt as a little girl things. I love you for helping me study.

that if I awakened in the night, scared or whatever, I love you for the way you love and support my all I had to do was stand in your doorway, and soon father.

you would wake and ask, "Who is it?"I remember

so many times when I was ill waking up to find you Dearest Dad and Mom: I love you for teaching me

holding a glass of water to my lips. to use good English. I love you for your testimonies,

I love you for the many stories you read to me as a for teaching the gospel in our home, for your temple child. I love you for making poached eggs when I marriage. I love you for giving me such wonderful

was sick, and for tucking me into bed at night. brothers and sisters. And most of all, I love my

I love you for teaching me by example. I love you Heavenly Father for giving me you for parents. Happy

for understanding me when I had problems. day to you both!

Love, Maralee "-V *:"I lit'

you're in a teasing, fun

you for your

you are touched.

June 1967 The Era Asks About andMIA June Conference

Genera/ Superintendent G. Carlos Smith, Jr. General President Florence S. Jacobsen

Both General Superintendent G. ers are invited to come and enjoy ing persons from areas that have

Carlos Smith, Jr., of the YMMIA, the festivals, programs, and worknever before participated.

and General President Florence shops that have been prepared for you do about props, Smith Jacobsen of the YWMIA their use. Q—What do

have long been noted as leaders housing, costumes, and chapare some of the activierones? of youth. Brother Smith has served Q—What

as president of three stakes and ties and programs to be presented president of the Central States this June Conference? Jacobsen—Participants are responMission. Sister Jacobsen assisted sible for these themselves. They

Smith—We will outline in workare responsible for their own her husband while they presided

shops the programs of each departtransportation, costumes, housing, over the Eastern States Mission.

Maids, Scouts, Mia Men, and chaperonage within established ment—M

Their dedication to the youth of the so forth—for Laurels, and entire requirements.

the Church will inspire all who year. We will also have such

attend June Conference, scheduled major productions as the dance Smith -We pay the expenses of

June 2325. festival—held every other yearthe actual production, such as

Q—Since most members of the quartet festival, and roadshows. rental of the stadium.

particiChurch have never attended a June Q—How do you obtain Q—What goes into preparing for

Conference, would you explain pants for this year's dance festi- a Churchwide dance festival?

what it is all about? val?

Smith—Let me say first that prepaJacobsen—Most members have Jacobsen—Approximately 9,000 ration for a June Conference is

never attended June Conference beyoung people will participate this quite an undertaking. Immediately

cause it is designed to give instrucyear. We send to all stakes appliafter this June Conference the

tion and inspiration to MIA leaders cation forms asking if any wish to general board dance committee and workers. It is a leadership participate in the festival. When will start thinking about the next

conference wherein we present the the applications are returned, selecfestival two years from now. They

coming year's program. MIA leadtions are made, usually by accepttry to determine the needs of youth

Improvement Era

and then make up, or choreograph, year a new musical, "All in Favor,"not encourage the procuring of original dance steps. As the prowritten by Latterday Saints. The camps, although about 30 camps

gram takes shape, our committee latter is designed so that every are owned by stake groups. Most

members actually make blueprints ward or branch may be able to put stakes use camps on a rental of every step and movement, so it on. basis. All camps are under the

that when about 9,000 participants direction of the priesthood. All

of June girls must have adequate insurance.arrive at the University of Utah Q—Are the influences

stadium, these leaders will know Conference observable upon the We have an award certification exactly what each person will be entire MIA program? program in which the girls may

girls go participate. 62,000 Aboutdoing at any given moment. a line almost draw can Smith—We year. each to MIA camps the Saints whether determine and

J acobsen—Thought must also be

have been to June Conference or given tO costume design, whether are the expectations for not by their performance of the Q—What

the costumes are for an allgirl year's program. The difference a young man who participates in

dance, a ballroom number, or a between a stake whose leaders MIA?

folk dance. Decisions must be made have attended conference and a

on the number of boys, girls, and stake whose leaders have not is Smith—I would hope that when he

couples that will be needed. Then almost like day and night. Enthusihas completed the MIA program,

bids are put out for hundreds of asm, knowhow, and adaptability he would have begun his scouting thousands of yards of material and reveal themselves immediately. career as a 12year-old and ended

thousands of spools of thread and it as an Eagle Scout; that he would

materialszippers. costume to The God"his "Duty have received

is philosophy behind the Q—What to each participatoutare then sent the Exin award and progressed program? the entire MIA

ing stake in individual packets. plorer and Ensign programs; and

Jacobsen—MIA gives young people that he would have gone on to the

Smith—We also make filmstrips of an opportunity to mingle socially in M Man program and become a

each dance, keying them in with a recreational, activity, and culMaster M Man. He would now

the music to be used, and send both tural program under a spiritual be nearing 30 years of age and filmstrip and record to each stake atmosphere. For example, we try would be well grounded in the

so the participants may learn the to teach honesty, good sportsmangospel. Our program is designed

dances before coming to Salt Lake ship, and teamwork in our sports to take youngsters from obscurity

City. When 9,000 youth arrive programs. Many values that are through participation, involvement,

here to participate, they must know principles of the gospel may also and good fellowship until each can what they are going to do. be taught in recreation or on the stand on his own, a man of char-

Q—What about contemporary ableathleticto field.mix adventureFor the girls,andwespiriare acterand man.and intelligence before God

American dances? Do you use tuality in the camping program.

them either in the dance festival The girls often hold testimony meetJacobsen—We also try to inspire

or in MIA? ings around the fireside, and learn both young men and young women

to help others at camp who may not to seek temple marriage.

Jacobsen—S o m e contemporary be as welladjusted.

acceptable, are dancesAmerican activities in of Many the MIA widespread is the MIA Q—How are not dances that girls for self imare engage grotesque, which program?

suggestive. or sensual, immodest, lessons have provement. They find the you Smith—Wherever is this of our problems—to one But properly to dress and helping them the world, throughout you Church alive, that are find peppy, dances Virtues wisely. to handle money camps. find even in military MIA, Actually, fun. do teach and we incleanliness, modesty, of and

three for our example, In Saigon, of some dance youth in MIA to the tegrity are taught. hope We Latterto four thousand this thousand to dances, dance but contemporary girl will training help each become

servicemen's meet in day Saint men them in a modest way. a mature, welladjusted woman.

in a modified groups MIA program. of the other are some extensive is the youth Q—What activity Q—How Conference? activities of June camp program? different Q—Is the MIA program

Jacobsen—We have a quartet festiJacobsen—We encourage camping in the various cultures of the

val, winning roadshows, and this for both boys and girls, but we do world?

June 1967 D. Youth conference in Scandinavia features dance activity.

A. In MIA classes E. "Slide, Kelly, slide."...

new meanings are Softball game sponsored by explored, ideas I MIA!

exchanged.

F. MIA speech program fosters personal development.

B. Comradeship in

the—thisgreat isoutdoorspart of

Scouting.

Jacobsen—Nearly all of the Saints often with a team of both boys and It is thrilling to realize that we have

use the total MIA program with girls. In Australia, it's tennis- a worldwide community of youth

little adaptation. I've seen MIA in even table tennis. In many parts who have and follow a high code

Iran, Japan, and European counof Europe they like soccer and of personal integrity.

tries, and it is'amazing how swimming, and they particularly

Western many want to be. For enjoy track and field. I have seen Q—The Church is hearing more

example, we have suggested that men and women contending with and more about youth conferences.

different cultures use their own one another in the 100yard dash, What is this program?

dances or dramas in the activity for example. I've seen English

Smith—Most missions and many

programs, but they usually prefer girls run the 100yard dash in a stakes conduct annual youth conto use the same dances and dramas rainstorm, but it was all part of the ferences. It is a rather new proas the Saints in the United States. fun. gram for the stakes, but one that is

I went to a dance activity in Japan becoming increasingly popular.expecting to see a beautiful Japa- Q—In a world Church that has Youth conferences may be connese dance, but instead I saw the many cultural differences and soducted either by a single stake or

youth dancing the "Blue Danube."cial mores, how do you establish

by a group of stakes. Most of the

The Saints in Sweden, Norway, a personal standards program? conferences are of two or three

Denmark, Switzerland, and Bavaria, Jacobsen—When one becomes a days'duration and are usually

however, often prefer to use their member of the Church, regardless terminated with a testimony meetown dances. of the customs, social mores, or ing. They usually begin on a

Q—In the U.S., MIA basketball is practices of his country, he agrees Friday with registration and activifamous, but considering the worldto accept and live the principles of ties. Throughout Saturday, dancing,

wide cultural differences in the the gospel of Jesus Christ. This is music, drama, sports, and other

Church, do all MIA's play basketespecially true with personal stanactivities are presented. A party or

ball? dards. For example, the standard ball is held on Saturday evening,

Smith—No, we encourage flexiof modesty in dress is the same the featuring a floor show of youth

bility in sports. For example, in world over as far as Latterday talent. The conference climaxes

England our Saints love to play Saints are concerned. Standards on Sunday with a priesthood meetsoccer football and volleyball, of moral conduct are also the same. ing for the boys while the girls

8 Improvement Era signments are to devise programs called the Vanguard program.

that will appeal to certain age Jacobsen—We have had requests

groups within the Church. for our girls camp certification

Q—How much time do committees Youngprogram,Marriedsfor lessonsmanual,fromand ourfor

have to come up with a year's our music program.

program or manual? The YWMIA executives belong

Smith—Some of our programs are to the National Council of Women,

projected to 1970, but usually we and recently we met with educaare working on programs to be tion, civic, and religious leaders used two years hence. in a national seminar. Interestingly enough, at the conclusion of

Jacobsen—Many general board this threeday conference it was

members have children of MIA age decided that the most helpful note and are going through the experithat had arisen was the Church's

G. Muscle development is part of the family home evening program that

MIA Explorer physical fitness program. we as an MIA had presented as

H. Roadshows offer varied opportunities for part of our way of life. Also, when

singing, dancing, acting, staging, and makeup. I was in Iran a year ago attending

I. Youth choruses in MIA offer involvethe International Council of Women

ment for many young people. conference, many inquiries were

J. parties, Memories of MIA of dating and made concerning our youth conof fine, dancing, companionship. wholesome

ferences.

is the future of MIA? q—what

Jacobsen—More wonderful than

hold a special meeting. Then a ence as parents in learning what ever! We hope to bring youth into

testimony meeting follows. This youngsters need and want. increasing roles of responsibility.

is the usual format. We have a We have allowed leaders in the

is the yearly MIA theme past to become too responsible forbooklet, "Let's Hold a Youth Con- Q—How

ference,"that outlines a suggested chosen? the program and have not given

approach. Local MIA people work Smith—Board members are asked youth sufficient responsibility.

with their priesthood leaders and to submit themes and then we try Youth are very capable of carrying decide on the type of program to correlate them with the correlaout, with some adult supervision, needed in their area. tion program of the Church. a program that fits their needs. We

to group also be tended have that add much me obtain lessons and Jacobsen—Let you do recognizare oriented, and now weQ—How selecthe into goes prayer theme

activities for the MIA program? the to on concentrate ing the need is the selected theme tion. Each

are trying to makeSmith—Members of our general appropriate one for its day. individual. We

boards are carefully selected from it possible for the talented as well

Church members as the untalented youth to receivethe Church for their talent, spiri- Q—Sometimes

tuality, and availability. We expect hear reports of other faiths and encouragement and development

board members to visit the Saints, groups and their interest in the in the MIA program. In the comto attend MIA, Sunday School, and MIA program. To what extent is ing year we will have a cultural

priesthood meetings, to get the this true? art exhibit in which all young peopulse of the Church. We expect Smith—Let's take our young men's ple can exhibit their talents—

them not only to participate in the basketball program here in Utah as whether it be stamp collecting, bug

Church but also to participate in an example. After the Church collecting, sculpturing, painting,

community affairs, so that they are started this program, some of our ceramics, or sewing.

wellbalanced individuals and will neighbors in other churches started Smith—I know there is a greater

know the kind of world in which similar sports programs. Another need for MIA in the world today

we live and for which we are preexample: the Explorer Scout prothan ever before, and I feel sure the

paring the youth. The board is gram of the Boy Scouts of America MIA program will be enhanced and

divided into agegroup and activity was adopted several years ago from developed more vigorously than committees, and the members'asthe Church's program that was ever.

June 1967 Major MAJOR SOURCE AVAILABILITY BY CENTURY

CENTURY

17th 18th 19th 20th Genealogical TYPE OF RECORD 15th 16th

Records Census Record 2.1. Civil Registration

3. Merchant Seamen.::::;: *'

Sources 4. Naval Records

in 5.6. ExciseMonumentalOfficersInscriptions.

7. Commercial Directories

8. Poll Books

9. Nonconformist Registers

10. Lyon Court Records

11. Military Records

12. Quakers

13.Hornings (Land Records)

14. Newspapers

15. Tax Rolls

16. Jews

17. Roman Catholics

18. Sasines Registers

Continuation of the 19. Fasti Ecclesiae Scoticanae

series on new 20.21. ParishService Registersof Heirs (Retours)(Presbyterian)

22. Testaments (Wills) research papers.

23. Apprenticeship Records

24. School and Univ. Registers

The chart and table that 25. Burgess Records

follow contain the major gene26. Sheriffs'Courts

alogical record sources of 27. Landowners'Estates

Scotland. The sources are

listed, together with type of record, period covered, type of MAJOR SOURCES CHRONOLOGICALLY ARRANGED TABLE B information given, and source availability. -TYPE OF PERIOD TYPE OF INFORMATION

Table A shows at a glance RECORD COVERED GIVEN AVAILABILITY available sources the record research for a problem in a 1. CIVILREGISTRApresent1855 to Births,dates, places,marriages,occupations,deaths:parentage,names, Society);18551875,original1881, 1891documentson film1855(Genealogicalto present,

particular century. TION ages, residence ThePrincesRegistrarSt, Edinburgh;General,indexesNew Registeronly, 18551959,House,

Table B provides more deon film (GS) tailed information about the 2. CENSUS 1841 Names, ages, and whether born in On film (GS); New Register House, Princes

major records available. For RECORDS county St, Edinburgh

example, if a pedigree prob1851-1891 Names,tions, placesages, ofrelationships,birth occupaOnpresentfilm not(GS);availableNew Registerto public House; 1901 to

lem is in the seventeenth century, a quick indication 3. SEAMENMERCHANT 1837presentto Births,British merchantmarriages,vessels;deathsdescriptionon board 18371874,1875 to present,RegistrarRegistrarGeneral,GeneralSomersetfor ShippingHouse;

can be obtained from Table A *(II-7,181) p 178- (somelists earlier)crew of seamen & Seamen, Llandaff, Cardiff, Wales of the sources available for that period. Reference to Table 4. NAVALRECORDS Approx17301924 Names,marriages, dates,movementsplaces,of personnelbirths, Public Record Office, London WC 2

B will then provide more com- *(II-7) plete information.

TYPE OF PERIOD TYPE OF INFORMATION

RECORD COVERED GIVEN AVAILABILITY

Office, Edinburgh, Scottish Record 17071828 of excise movements 1707 to and Names 5. EXCISE

Lane, House, London officers and to port, sometimes Mark at Beam port present from OFFICERS index, present at onlv; to London birth place of EC 3;King's1828

17071828. on film (GS)

local parish print, film in (GS); some on Some to Names, dates, relationships 1700 6. MONUnoncon- city cems; town and churchyards; present MENTAL

collections private formist cems; INSCRIPTIONS *(I-3)

7. CIALCOMMERDIREC- present18th C to Names,local histories;occupations,names residences,of small In print, local libraries

TORIES localities

8. POLL BOOKS 18th C Prior to 1H67: names and locations Old Register House, Edinburgh

to present of property of freeholders and taxpayers 1H6H1917: names and addresses of

all males over 21 veal's 1918 to presen t: names and addresses

of all males and females over 21

9. NONApprox Christenings, marriages, burials; Few on film (GS); most, in possession of local

CONFORMIST 1690 to similar to parish registers ministers

REGISTERS present 10. LYON COURT lb'72 to Genealogies of families and coats of Lyon Court, Old Register House; some in print

RECORDS present arms

11. MILITARY Approx Names, dates, places, births, marSome lists of officers in print (GS); Pub Rec

RECORDS 1707102-1 riages, movements of personnel Ofc, London; chaplains returns at Registrar

*(II-7) General's Office, Somerset House; modern

records at Army Record Center, Hayes, Middlesex

Muster Rolls Approx Names, dates, places, movements of Typescript list (GS); Scottish Record Office,

16411707 personnel Edinburgh 12. QUAKERS,: (I-lf>) Approxh;:;o to someBirths,instancesdeaths, somemore detailedmarriages;thanin SocietyRoad,'Londonof Friends,NW 1 Friends House, Euston

present parish register

13.HORNINGS 16101902 Names, places, property description Some on film (GS); Old Register House

(LAND RECORDS) 14. NEWSPAPERS 17th C to Obituaries, births, marriages, deaths Various Scottish libraries

present

15. TAX ROLLS 17th C Names, places, occupations Some on film (GS); some in print; New Register House

1 6. JEWS 17th C Births, marriages, deaths: names, Local synagogues

to present dates, places, relationships; (rec

written in either English, Hebrew, or

Yiddish)

17. ROMAN17th C Names, dates, places Local custody

CATHOLICS to present

18. SASINES 161 7.-1 N6H Land and housing transactions: On film (GS): Old Register House; local

REGISTERS heirs'names, relationships, places, sheriffs'courts: some in print

buyers and seller's

Secretary's 1 599- 1 609 Land and housing transactions: Old Register House

Register heirs'names, relationships, places, buyers and sellers

19. FASTI 15601929 Brief record of the ministers of the In print

ECCLESIAE Church of Scotland in 8 volumes

SCOT1CANAE with index

20. PARISH 1558 to Christenings, marriages, burialsOn film,(GS); prior to 1855, New Register

REGISTERS present names, dates, parentage, residence, House, Edinburgh; 1855 to present, local

OF THE ages, relationship, information varies custody

CHURCH OF SCOTLAND (PRESBYTERIAN)

21. SERVICE OF 1545 to Property inheritance records of Some on film (GS); Old Register House,

HEIRS present greater part of property, descent of Edinburgh; indexes in print

(RETOl'RSi most leading families mm?fe%JM

TYPERECORDOF COVEREDPERIOD TYPE OF GIVENINFORMATION AVAILABILITY 22. TESTAMENTS(WILLS) 15141823 Names, places, relationships, property On film (GS); Old Register House, Edinburgh

presentto Names, places, relationships, property EdinburghHouse; otherstestamentsin countyaresheriffs'in the ofcsOld Register

23. APPRENTICESHIP toL6thpresentC fathers'Names, namesdates, some birthplaces, In local custody

RECORDS

1412 to of residence, places Names, present places of parentage, datesages,of A few in print graduation birth,ami subject (Continued) 24. SCHOOLUNIVERSITYREGISTERSAND

of and names passed who joinedmen and Apossessionfew on filmof local(GS);authoritiessome in print; originals in trade own RECORDS 141)6-1846 Datesapprenticeshipguild; of father or of name name NOTE—Until May 1707, Scot25. BURGESS

wife's father sometimes recorded land a separate was kingdom.

At that date the Scottish Par26. COURTSSHERIFFS'toL3thpresentC Names,local legaldates,proceedings,and platescivilrecordeddisputesin Copiesofcs in local sheriffs'courts and some city

Details 12th of rents, people living dissolved, and liament was financial transactions, presentC estates, the 27. OWNERS'LANDlineson MostHouse,in Edinburghprivate custody; some at Old Register

of descent ESTATES to country comprising coun32 ties was united with England * Reference to Gardner and Smith, Genealogical Research in England and Wales, volume and chapter.

Scotland 1707, separate kingdom. was May of under the name and 32 counties the United NOTE—wasUntil acomprising Atwasthatuniteddate withthe ScottishEnglandParliamentunder the

of the Britain. of United Great theKingdomcountry namedissolved, of Britain. Great Kingdom

j*&'Wi&is--wim&u-mmmmimMf

The clean smell of peat drifts in to me now,

And the faint sweet scent of heather.

The sound of soft Gaelic voices rings in my ears.

Before my dreaming eyes an old stone cottage stands,

Nestled in a glen.

Behind it, towering peaks, mistshrouded;

Before it, deep blue waters of the loch,

On whose bosom a tiny whitesailed fishing boat

Rocks on gentle windblown ripples.

Soft sounds the music of a swiftrushing burn,

Fernlaced and bordered with bracken.

Half hidden by trees are its watersBirches, hazel and rowan.

Down from the craggy hillside pasture,

The clever collie rounds the farm flock into the sheepfold;

And dog and sheep and low rock fence

Are black silhouettes in the sifted gold of the sunset.

Within the cottage, a table is laid by the window,

And kind cousinly faces smile a glad welcome.

Warm glows the lamplight on low blackened rafters;

And the kitchen is sweet with the odors of tea, scones and honey.

All because, this morning, the postman brought me a letter

Postmarked, "Duror, Argyll,"And onto my desk there dropped as I opened it

A sprig of purple heather.

12 Improvement Era dynamic reading

SCIENCE AND

ii MORMONISM MORMONISM by Melvin A. Cook

and M. Garfield Cook

$4.95

REASONING, REVELATION - AND YOU!

A significant and challenging book written by two men well by James J. Unopulos, Jr.

qualified for such a task. Dr. Melvin A. Cook is Professor Here is the gospel plan in its plainness and'also its majesty.

of Metallurgy at the University of Utah and M. Garfield The book is based on a course of gospel achievement and

Cook is a research scientist. In this volume they show that study taught successfully in southern California for several

Mormonism is actually consistent with established truths years. Inspirational reading—and a thought provoking

in science. Both scholarly and very readable, the book course of study that will make a rewarding summer project.

deals with the origin of light, the age of the earth, biblical vs. geologic time, science, philosophy and LDS theology, THE SECRET IN THE CAVE

the origin of life, and preAdamites. A fascinating book by Jennie B. Rawlins $2.95

that is well illustrated with charts and photographs. What mystery surrounds the cave? Who is Old Slicker?

Why is the stranger Kurt so secretive? This suspensefilled

tale of a 15year-old girl in a pioneer Idaho community, will grip your interest as its secrets and mysteries unfold.

Intrigue and young love combine to make this a truly memMUSIC ITEMS orable story. Inspiring reading for teens and adults.

Melodious Preludes for Church and

Home $1.50 by Seldon N. Heaps TALKS FOR TOTS, Vol. 2 $2.25

Sweetly appropriate numbers for Primary and other meetby Joyce B. Maughan

ings. Easily played.

Here's a source of wonderful material

Syllabus for Choral Conducting and that is perfectly suited to the very

Organ Classes $1.25 young. Stories they'll remember—

by William M. Foxley and can tell about!

The official textbook for Church classes.

DESERET BOOK COMPANY

44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 or 777 South Main, Orange, California 92669

Please send me the items circled: 12 3 4 5 6

sales tax includes ZVi% of purchase $ Total amount

California 4'i sales, which residents Salt Lake, and for ordering from Utah estabcharge order I enclose OR,tax pleasefor ordering myresidents check/money Orange. from

lished account Q.

Name..

Address

City State.Zip

Q PLEASE SEND ME CHARGE ACCOUNT INFORMATION June Era 67

June 1967 13 TheLDS Scene

h\ L iypB Ha

"Promised Valley"Theater Australian Pavilion

President N. Eldon Tanner and Elders Mark E. The image of the Church in Sydney, Australia,

Petersen and Richard L. Evans break ground for a received a boost after the tenday Sydney Royal Easter

new 4,000capacity openair theater, across the street Show at which the Australian Mission established a from the Salt Lake Temple, in which a onehour pavilion and showed the film, Man's Search For version of Promised Valley will be presented to visiting Happiness. A Sydney TV commentator said that the

tourists. The musicaldrama recounts the pavilion "improved the soul with modern and

epic story of the Mormon pioneers. Performances stimulating concepts, yet maintained a Christianlike

are scheduled Monday through Saturday, July 1 spirit of goodwill."It was the first Latterday Saint

to August 31. entry in the show's history.

Educators Honored Church Library Committee

Dr. Harvey L. Taylor, Holbrook, chairman of Dr. H. Thayne Johnson of Brigham Young University

administrator of Church BYU's department of and Earl E. Olson, assistant Church historian,

schools, holds a citation for physical education, who has two members of the new Church library committee, review his "leadership and vision been appointed adviser an index to Church periodicals with President of the values in activities to the NEA's Educational N. Eldon Tanner of the First Presidency. Committee

and education,"awarded Policies Commission. members are responsible for the creation within

by the National Education The commission's role is to all wards of the Church of "library and educational

Association. Presenting study educational problems media centers"in which will be housed audiovisual

the citation is Dr. Leona and make recommendations. equipment and instructional materials.

14 Improvement Era Engineers'Service Award Korean Book of Mormon Silver Beaver

George W. Poulsen, Jr., Korean Mission President Spencer J. Palmer receives J. B. Harmon of the

priesthood missionary Koreantranslated manuscript of the Book of Charleston Branch, East committee member, has Mormon from Elder Han In San. Elder San, a convert Central States Mission, has

been awarded the National of nine years and also holder of a karate championship received the Silver Beaver

Service Award by the among Korean marines, spent six months on the award from the Boy Scouts

Consulting Engineers translation and another six months in proofreading. of America. Brother Harmon

Council of the U.S. Several assistants also helped in the arduous and is the first Latterday

The honor is made yearly exacting task. The first edition, titled Mar Mon Book, Saint to be so honored in

to one U.S. engineer. in Korean, was printed in Seoul, Korea. the Buckskin Council.

Association President AllChurch Volleyball Y Americans

Dr. Wesley P. Lloyd, dean Oakland (California) Fourth Ward players The Y Americans, patriotic singing group

of BYU's Graduate School, set up volleyball in the allChurch from BYU, recently appeared in the has been elected president volleyball championship game. Fourth Ed Sullivan network television program. The

of Western Association Warders won title, for the third straight group presented songs portraying love of Graduate Schools, which year, by defeating Lanakila of Hawaii, 15-9, of God and country. Two other BYU

includes 11 western states. 15-4. Junior title was won by Kahuwai groups—International Folk Dancers and

Brother Lloyd has been of Hawaii as they defeated last year's a variety show, "Holiday USA"—will

visiting specialist to junior winner, Santa Ana (California), in tour Europe this summer.

universities worldwide. two out of three games.

June 1967 15 Tli< great"It is givenlove, andyouonlywithwith the words that you follow the rules."IVaiJ

By Alma Deane Feller

Once upon a time, a very cance in the world, was the most significant. Not a word

long time ago, there lived a would he speak; yet with the elders he would sit, and, facts

most respected merchant, being what they are, if he were there he would be one of close to a large city far into them- -a man I the interior of China. This Of course, the rules must be obeyed, as rules in all things

most respected merchant must be obeyed. On the appointed day, at the appointed

spent the years of his life with time, he was dressed with seriousness and ceremony. He

his beloved family in a defollowed his father as they left the house, and he thought the lightful compound where the blood would burst through his skin, as it gave evidence of courtyards bloomed profusely his pride. When they arrived at the beautiful teahouse, he

in all the proper seasons. The went with his father into an inner courtyard, where cages

children laughed and cried at would scarcely hold their cackling contents and where pools the proper times, and the old glistened in the sun. With grave concentration, his father

fowl to be plucked and cookedpeople were content and selected their dinner—the

spoke with wisdom, but only with respect, the fish to be served with popping eyes upon the at the proper times. All was ceremonial platter.

as it should be. Even the Inside the house, the boy took his place at the edge of

firstborn son, Han Shao the room, as his father silently became one of an evergrowing

Ying, was as he should be, circle. Quiet reigned supreme, and Shao Ying tried very

loud in his laugh and eager hard to absorb wisdom, as he had learned he must do. Many

about his growing. times he wished to use his tongue, but always he rememIn the year of our story, the bered the rule of silence on the part of the young men. He

merchant called his son to stole a glance around the room to see how many new young him and spoke according to adults were there. Three! And he was one of them.

these words: "First son, you Finally, when he felt he could bear the silence no longer,

are at that time when you are he heard the eldest and grandest man of all begin to speak:

neither a child nor a man; yet 'There is much to contemplate. But I think we will conit would be wrong to look sider the care of the soul."

back upon the sun's rising and Then another slow voice was heard—then another

they indulged in the satisfying occupationsetting. Therefore, we must and another—as

look forward. This year you of divining what was in each other's minds. "I have the

will accompany me to the thought,"said the merchant who was Shao Ying's father,

New Year's Dinner.""that is a question of humility."

Such joy and such imporTo understand that, they soon agreed, would be to tance had never before been understand so much that understanding all would not really felt beneath the silk vest of matter.

the young boy. To go with At this point, the boy's concentration failed him. He

his father and sit with the allowed his attention to wander and committed the sin of elders at the New Year's Dinbeing elsewhere in his mind, led there by an extravagant ner! This, of all the signifibutterfly. Out of his mouth fell the words, "I do not know

16 Improvement Era Illustrated by Ted Nagata what that great word means."pearl, soft, lustrous, and conThe shocked silence that followed the boy's words had scious of its value.

sky, but the blue of a "Is it truly mine?"askedthe color of blue—not the blue of the

robe wet with rain. Shao Ying's father was silent with the the boy.

pain of a father whose teachings have failed. Yet kindness "Yes,"said the father, "if

was not absent from the room, and the eldest man of all said, you follow the rules."

I Shao Ying did not per-"If a young man were to have asked such a question—and

I would ceive the nature of the gift,have never actually heard that this was so—then

say to the father of that man, *Here is a thing you must so engrossed was he in this teach.'valuable object which, being

Taking their cue from their elder, and cherishing the associated with him, would face of their friend, the others began to murmur concerning give him so much greater the value of such a teaching. The murmuring grew to a worth and stature. He did

single voice, which said, "And if there were to be another not ask about the rules; he

gathering at the New Year, and our ancestors have already stared at the pearl and said, decreed that this will be so, what felicity to hear of the path with awe, "I will take care."

of learning."The father dismissed him

The merchant sat more easily and thought with love and bent immediately to his of his friends who had taken the guilt from his head. writing, holding the brush

The boy knew nothing would be said of his wrongdoing; with great intent and purpose.

he knew that once he was a man he must punish himself. A The boy ran out of the

lump rose in his throat that had to do with sadness. He courtyard, bumping into his

longed for the day when his nurse would take a young green smallest sister as he did so shoot from one of the bamboo trees and switch his legs. and causing a frown to appear

With stinging pain there was relief from fault; now there on the face of his grandwould be none, and he must live his defection. mother, who was on her way

But with the early bubbling years of manhood, there is to visit his father. Unheedtoo much vigor for worry to live long. When, soon after ing, the boy ran out of the

the New Year's Dinner, his father called him into his private compound, down the road, courtyard, there was no thought of punishment or of guilt and into the village. He

in his mind; only the tightening of the muscles under his called to the silk merchant,

heart that meant the path was being prepared for experience. who was arranging a canopy

"Sit, First Son,"said the head of the family. Shao Ying over his shop. "See what my

sat and gazed with great anticipation at his father, who took father has given me! I know

out of the sleeve of his robe a small piece of cloth, folded you have never seen such a carefully over some small object. "I have a gift for you,"thing in all your life!"

he said. "It is given to you with great love, and only with Two village elders turned

the words that you follow the rules."in their steps and came over

He then handed his son the cloth. The boy took it, to the shop. They gave their

perceiving at its unfolding that the gift was a magnificent eyes and ears to the boy.

18 Improvement Era "First son, you are at that time when you are neither a child nor a man. 7)

"See this pearl!"shouted he saw a caravan approachShao Yine. "Never has a son ing, led by one of his father's

had such a gift! Never has choicest friends, a trader

there been such a pearl! My from the East. Testing his

father must be the richest newfound wisdom, the boy, man in all the province."clutching his pearl in his

The silk merchant's hands hand, said nothing but the trembled, and the silk of his greetings that were the rule.

sleeves moved a little. He The trader, wise in the ways

averted his eyes. The two of boys, saw the clenched

elders took back their steps hand and inquired as to what and proceeded on. "I think treasure lay hidden there.

every day of your honored Shao Ying bowed low, replyfather,"the silk merchant ing, "Nothing, respected said. "Give him the best wish elder. Only a trifle that is not

of my heart."He then worthy of your notice."

turned and went into his The trader begged to see shop. this trifle, and there was a

The boy stood abashed at tremendous sucking in of the shop front. No one had breath when he saw the pearl.

said anything about his beau-! < What beauty!"he cried.

(?tiful pearl. No one had even How it glows!"

looked at it. Anger rose in It was nothing, the boy inhis throat and choked him sisted; it had neither depth

and then was washed away as nor luster. The man asked

the realization of what he had where the boy had found the done came to him. pearl, knowing that he could

To brag! To boast! These not have traded for it, and

things had been faults of the was told it had been given soul, and he should have him by his father. Upon the

known it. With sorrow he receipt of this startling knowlclosed the cloth around his edge, the trader's anger outpearl and went sadly home, did the sun in causing a great

determined to err no more in wrinkling of his face.

that direction. He was grate- "I have not seen you this

ful for the elders, who had day,"he replied. "I will not

taken no notice of his mistake acknowledge having spoken Out of his mouth fell and therefore gave him leave to ingratitude."The boy was the words, "I do not

to mend his ways. again abashed, and anger know what that great

As he walked homeward, would not this time be word means."

June 1967 19 washed away from. him. must be its mirror. I must ginnings of wisdom in his

Shao Ying turned toward not boast of the pearl, but heart and told the stranger the small river that lay to the when the world wishes to see that there was no desire withnorth of the village and sat it, I must display it in its in him to enter upon such a on the bank, watching the greatest beauty. And I must life. He was troubled, howfish scurry wildly under the give thanks to my father for ever, when the youth said to

surface, then break water this gift, so these thanks echo him, "What, then, are you with arrogance and return in the ears of all who behold going to do with your treaagain to their shadowy home. the treasure."sure?"The boy walked home

Painfully the boy began to When the boy arrived with great inner disturbance.

follow his thoughts, thusly: home, he took the finest piece He had thought that this

"I first boasted of the of silk in his chest and pearl was at last his, to be pearl, which was wrong, alfashioned a covering for the owned in wisdom. And now

though the pearl was worthy pearl. He carried it with him this new problem.

of the boasting. I in his sleeve and showed it to Was his pearl then more know—

did not allow it to speak for all who desired to gaze upon than a treasure to be kept?

itself! Then, I belittled it and its perfection. Upon each Was it to be sold? If so, why?

so wronged the father who occasion, he honored the What were the rules?

had given it to me, and denied father who was the donor of The next morning the boy the nature of the pearl. What such a gift. In this way, the was found sitting at the enmust I do?"He then repearl lived its destiny and the trance to his father's court.

membered his father's words father was given great face. "I would seek your counsel,"

concerning the rules, and But all was not ended. he said. When they were

wished he had asked when One fine day, an arrogant together inside he poured the time was proper for askyoung man from the nearby forth the story of his ownering about the rules. Now he city was lounging in the vilship of the pearl, what he had

sensed the time was past and lage and called to Shao Ying learned, and now the trouble there was something he must to show him this marvelous he felt in his mind over this discover for himself. treasure of his. new dilemma. He knew he

As the afternoon passed,: *What are you going to do had been right in seeking

and even the fish became with it?"asked the strange counsel, as his father nodded

curious, understanding spread youth, who was not really his head in understanding.

through his mind. He jumped strange, for his ancestors were *Yes, First Son, you now

up, threw a pebble into buried in this village. "I could see the third face of the coin."

the stream, which comforted take you to the city, and show Great gifts, he went on to say, the fish, and ran home. you where you could sell the did have destinies. The boy

"I know,"he thought. "I pearl; then we could have tomust decide if he would keep

must let the world discover gether a life happy beyond the pearl and allow it to defor itself the beauty of the description."light the world by reason of

pearl; then when it is shown, I Shao Ying had the beits beauty, or if he would trade

20 Improvement Era "Only you must decide. But it

is still for me to smile or frown."

it for what the world could give. The father mentioned

in passing that a jewel of such perfection would buy at least two caravans, or a great deal of land. "Will you not help me?"

asked the boy.

"I have given you the gift, and it is now a part of you.

Only you must decide."But,

added the father, "it is still for me to smile or frown!"

Shao Ying knew that wisdom spoke. He left the

courtvard of the head of the family, conscious of the treasure in his hand, grateful for its beauty, and filled with love for the father who had trusted him with it. There

was a sadness in his heart, as he perceived that he had left forever the world of childhood, but there was also a seed of eagerness for the challenge ahead.

He would decide what to do with his gift, would seek his father's approval; and

when, on next New Year's Day, the men of the village met to speak of important things at the banquet, he knew his father would smile inwardly for a time. Then,

upon a nod from the eldest man of all, he would say:

"First Son Shao Ying will tell you of the Pearl."O

June 1967 137Hi Annual General

Address delivered Thursday Morning, April 6, 1967 cause of truth. You are truly fellow

servants of the Lord, and I extend my blessings and love to all of you.

It is a great privilege to join with you and partake of the inspiration of a general conference of the Church. The

proceedings will be widely dissemiand I to announce am pleased Glaring Evils of Our Day nated, this that during conference and a Warning to Youth usher in the use of spaceage communiwe will cations in carrying the messages of the

President David 0. McKay gospel.

For the first time, a radio broadcast (Read by his son Robert R. McKay) of the Sunday morning session of this

conference will be sent overseas via

My dear brethren and sisters: It is profound appreciation to the members the Lani Bird satellite, in orbit 22,000

with mixed feelings that I greet you of the Church throughout the world miles above the Pacific Ocean. This

this morning, and with all my heart for their prayers in my behalf, which historic broadcast will be heard in its destination, sixtenths sustained of a are andbid me. upheld ashave I am Hawaii, you who welcome—you

loyalty second after devotion, grateful uttered here our words are in and for your the Tabernaclesembled and all who are listening in to this opening session and I know that our Heavenly Father in the Tabernacle, after traveling over of the 137th Annual Conference of the is pleased with the unselfish service of 100,000 miles through space. Thus, we

Church. the officers and teachers of the stakes begin to utilize another great commu-

I acknowledge with deep gratitude and wards, and of every man and nication tool in the wrork of our Heavthe blessings of the Lord and express woman who is helping to advance the enly Father.

22 Improvement Era Conference 'April 13MT

It is estimated that the April conhave the forces of evil been arrayed in are being set up. Some efforts are being

ference will be seen and heard by the such deadly formation as they are now. made toward no standards at all."

largest audience ever to witness the Few will question the fact that we are (Editorial, Church News, January 14, proceedings of a general conference of living in critical times and that many 1967.)

':have... tossedlost theirto andmooringsfro,..and. withare areAmongtwo whichthe glaringseem toevilsbe mostof ourdetriday theWeChurch.are truly living in a marvelous peoplebeing

age of history, and the work of the every wind of doctrine, by the sleight mental and which must be curbed if

Lord is being carried forward throughof men, and cunning craftiness, wherewe would preserve true Christian out the world in wondrous ways. We by they lie in wait to deceive."(Eph. ideals. These are: first, an increasing

acknowledge his goodness and his 4:14.) Satan and his forces are attacktendency to dishonor the marriage

blessings to this people. ing the high ideals and sacred stanvow; and second, the moral decline

However, as I read in the daily press dards that protect our spirituality, and, and the mounting juvenile delinand national magazines of the condias one of our brethren just recently quency.

tions that are existing in the world stated, "He encompasses us round I am very happy and deeply grateful about us, I become greatly concerned. about by encircling us with allurefor the high type of young manhood

I wonder whether we are so absorbed ments and temptations which already and womanhood being reared in the in our personal and toooften-selfish have destroyed high standards among Church, and I acknowledge that there pursuits that we have forgotten what many people of the world, and by are many worthy young men and

God has done for us and what he has which he now hopes to infiltrate our young women throughout the world.

said about this country. Have we forranks. It is because I adore youth and

gotten the promises he has made which "By making sin popular with the earnestly desire that their lives be will bring us both peace and victory world, he hopes to make it equally directed along the pathways of righover evil if we will but accept the popular among us. teousness, success, and happiness that

Lord at his word? "In the world about us, high stan- I call attention to the threatening danIt seems to me that never before dards are falling, and lower ones... gers that are clearly on the horizon.

June 1967 23 One cannot help being alarmed to note eliminating from our communities

GENERAL magazinesin local newspapersthe everincreasingand nationalcrime evilintegratingelementssociety—thethat are constantlyliquor problemdisnarcotic corthe are its drunkenness, with children being wave. EvenCONFERENCE INDEX evils, in are all its attendant imhabit with it, and rupted by youth caught

SPEAKERS its whirlpool and are being contamimorality, poverty, etc. The Church is

Benson, Ezra Taft 57 nated overwhelmingly by it. seeking to make both home and Brown, Hugh B 26, 95

Brown, Victor L 46 J. Edgar Hoover, director of the community environment better and

50 Burton, Theodore M 51 Federal Bureau of Investigation, has brighter. Christiansen, EIRay L

82 is active. Paul Dunn, of the repeatedly nation the is cunning enemy warned The H He

96 Alvin Dyer, R seeks in wily, every opportunity and spiraling crime this country, and wave Richard Evans, L..-33

103 Hanks, Marion D to to calling attention fact that of the the the foundation undermine 52 Hinckley, Gordon it is for are offenders youthful responsible posChurch, and strikes wherever Hunter, Howard WB 60 Kimball, Spencer W 101 sible arrests total for or to of the 72 every percent to weaken destroy. To 140 Lind, Don

Longden, John 105 crime, and that the cost of crime has normal person God has given the

McConkie, Bruce R 65 reached the staggering sum of over 27 freedom of choice. Our moral and 22, 80, 109 David McKay,

79 Robert spiritual progress billion dollars McKay, a year! R depends the use upon

55 Monson, S Thomas I call to of attention again that freedom. make Mr. Hoowe 107 Packer, Boyd K

Petersen, Mark E 98 ver's at a the impressive statement given In dinner ever prayer held most 69 Franklin Richards, D Illinois, his for offered, disciples in his in Chicago, prayed Jesus honor 38 on Richards, LeGrand

Marion Romney, 1964: that 24, on the night he faced Gethsemane, November 35

to his 63 grim Father Sill,Simpson,Sterling and unhappy comsaying "What a RobertW LG. 76

G. Smith, Eldred 75 mentary on the moral climate of this "And now I am no more in the 30, 91 Fielding Smith, Joseph

Sonne, Alma 68 great are these nation! strength of world, but moral in the world, and The

Delbert Stapley, L 42... to thee. alarmingly. decreased our nation has I come 28 Eldon N. Tanner,

47 D. Taylor, Henry of "I return to teachings given the word; have thy and them must We Tuttle, Theodore A.

if this sickness. are to the cure because hated them, hath world 36 God we Vandenberg, John H 86

S. Dilworth Young, I statistics, as of the are not together they world, shocking even with 49 These

the public's apparent indifference to am not of the world.

SUBJECTS them, are indicative of the false mor- "I pray not that thou shouldest take

America 57, 98 ality we are tolerating today. It is a them out of the world, hut that thou

140 Astronauts is false the evil."keep based worshouldest on the code them which from

38 Bible 1415. Italics of creation. things added.) of man's (John 17:11, own 69 ship Blessings

Book of Mormon 38, 98 It is as imperfect and feeble as a man Nor did he pray for his disciples 22 Chastity

Commitment 63 himself! However captivating to the alone, but, as he said, "Neither pray

57 42, Education 51 senses, this type of moral climate can- I for these alone, but for them also 26, Eternal life 95 shall Faith the strength support nor the not give believe on which me through

Fall is disciples'] surtheir [the so vital national to our word."30 which (John Fatherson relationships 79, 82, 86

28 rule Golden in vival. our This moral 17:20.) breakdown

Gospel plan 101 us In this text is a clear implication only render impotent can standards 33 Happiness 109 Home of for divine the a nation."purpose a man's people and as being And this 36 as Honesty 33, 82, 86,

is this in 51 probation. our mortal purpose 26, is probably This from Immortality who a man

Jesus Christ 30, 98 nation's leading authority on crime. is expressly stated in the book of Abra91 Keys

22 days citizens are deeply troubled Father to his fellow by the Eternal Many ham 105 42, LastLaw intelligences increase as follows: in crime, high the the 49, 50 over Leadership

28, 30 "... Love inrates, illegitimacy divorce the and an earth where we will make

47 Loyalty diseases, intelligences] [organized incidents these creasing of venereal 96 may Man

Millennium office, other dwell; scandals in high 35 the and 46 Missionary work

Oaths 63 symptoms of private and public dis- "And we will prove them herewith, 69, Obedience 42, 49, 105 honesty. to see if they will do all things what86. 103 82, Parents

76 Peace Is Is there soever the Lord there a moral breakdown? shall comtheir God

55 Pioneers 3:2425.) for alarm? them."cause world is all about (Abraham mand The 80, 95 Prayer

63, 84, 91 Priesthood us, are read our place about and the statistics And so we 38, 68 Prophets appointed. frightening indeed, are a divinely and they 57 Probation Wein arethis notworldto beis

Repentance Restored Church 30, 42,65, 107101 necessary warning. I believe that all out of it. Christ himself prayed that

Resurrection 26, 51 loyal Americans are seriously concerned we should not be taken out of it.

Revelation 38, 68 over the immorality, the disregard for There can be little doubt that war 80 Reverence 35 Sabbath materialistic a science order and that are weakening this and have had law 63, 80 Sacrament sensiof ours. great deadening the moral effect upon land 69 Sacrifice

religion 140 Science and 91 The mission of the Church is to bilities -of too many of our youth. One Sealing power

Second coming 30 minimize and, if possible, eliminate critic goes so far as to say, "SelfService 75 52 these evils from the world. It is evident interest alone remains as a motive, and Servicemen

22, 60 Sin as force pleasure the sole of a unifying that end of life."need we are in

Jun. Smith, Joseph,

evils. It is the 38 to these eliminate duty Such a unitof parents and of the 79 witnesses Special

109 Spirituality 96, 52 ing force, such an ideal is the gospel of Church not only to teach hut also to 33, Tabernacle

Temple marriage 52 Jesus Christ, as restored through the demonstrate to young people that livTemple work 50 Prophet Joseph Smith. It explains ing a life of truth and moral purity 80 Testimony

Tithing 101 man's life and its purpose and has brings joy and happiness, while violaTranslations 46 52 within it the vital saving elements, tions of moral and social laws result Vietnam 52 Vocations spiritual in dissatisfaction, noble ideals, uplift for only sorrow, and and, 60 33, Word of Wisdom the heart carried of to extreme, which in degradaman is yearning. when 86 mothers Working

Youth 22. 52, 55, 103, 109 Rightthinking, upright men and tion.

women everywhere are desirous of Man has a dual nature—one, related

24 Improvement Era to the earthly or animal life; the other,

the spiritual life, akin to the divine.

Man's body is but the tabernacle in which his spirit dwells. Too many, far

too many, are prone to regard the body as the man and, consequently, to direct their efforts to the gratifying of the body's pleasures, its appetites, its desires, its passions. Too few recognize

that the real man is an immortal spirit, which "intelligence or light of truth"was animated as an individual entity before the body was begotten, and that this spiritual entity, with all its distinguishing traits, will continue after the body ceases to respond to its earthly environment.

Whether a man remains satisfied within what we designate the animal world, satisfied with what the animal world will give him, yielding without effort to the whim of his appetites and passions, and slipping further and further into the realm of indulgence, or whether, through selfmastery, he rises toward intellectual, moral, and spiritual enjoyments depends upon the kind of choice he makes every day nay, every hour of his life.

"Man has two creators,"says William George Jordan, "his God and himself. The first Creator furnishes

him the raw materials of his life—the

laws and conformity with which he can make that life what he will. The Dr. Twain Tippetts, dean of School of Fine Arts, Utah State University, listens to conference

on radio in his campus office.second creator—himself—has marvelous powers he rarely realizes. It is what

a man makes of himself that counts."multiply like insects in the sun. The priceless treasure, and sows seeds that

We need not shut our eyes to the more you give them, the more they will ripen into bitter fruit and marital fact that too many of our young folk demand. He is senseless who seeks for suspicion, unhappiness, and divorce. A

respond to the call of the physical, happiness in material prosperity alone."girl who sacrifices selfrespect for

because it seems the easy and natural It is said that one Roman emperor social popularity debases true womanthing to do. Too many are vainly seekoffered a reward to anybody who hood. A spotless character, founded

ing shortcuts to happiness. It should would invent a new pleasure. Nero set upon the ability to say "no"in the

always be kept in mind that that Rome on fire for the mere pleasure of presence of those who mock and jeer, which is most worthwhile in life re- a new form of diversion. Rome fell wins the respect and love of men and

quires strenuous effort. When a man because of extravagance, luxury, and women whose opinion is most worthseeks something for nothing and shuns dissipation. In personal, as in national while. Drinking, using narcotics, and

effort, he is in no position to resist life, these are unfailing signs of delewd parties form an environment in temptation. cline and decay. Truly, "... he that which the moral sense becomes dulled,

Too many prefer to revel on the soweth to his flesh shall of the flesh and unbridled passion holds sway. It

lower animal plane of life rather than reap corruption; but he that soweth to then becomes easy to take the final

to strive for the higher and better the Spirit shall of the Spirit reap life step downward in moral disgrace.

things of life. Persons who condemn everlasting."(Gal. 6:8.) In The Church of Jesus Christ of

their will to the service of their appeIn their yearning for a good time, Latterday Saints there is but one tites suffer the penalties. Charles young people are often tempted to standard of morality. No young man

Wagner in The Simple Life says of indulge in the things that appeal only has any more right to sow his wild those who have condemned their will to the baser side of humanity, five of oats in youth than has a young girl.

to the service of their appetites: "I have the most common of which are: (1) He who is unchaste in young manbeen listening to what life says, and vulgarity and obscenity; (2) drinking hood is untrue to a trust given to him

have recorded, as I have heard them, and the using of narcotics and now the by the parents of the girl, and she who some of the truths that resound in vicious LSD drug, especially among the is unchaste in maidenhood is untrue to every square. Has drinking, inventive young; (3) unchastity; (4) disloyalty; her future husband and lays the founas it is of new drinks, found the means and (5) irreverence. dation of unhappiness in the home,

of quenching thirst? Not at all. It It is right, indeed, essential, to the suspicion, and discord. Do not worry

might rather be called the art of happiness of our young people that about these teachers who encourage making thirst inextinguishable. Frank they meet in social parties, but it is promiscuity and selfgratification. Just

libertinage, does it deaden the sting an indication of low morals when for keep in mind this eternal truth, that of the senses? No, it envenoms it, entertainment they must resort to chastity is a virtue to be prized as one

converts natural desire into a morbid physical stimulation and debasement. of life's noblest achievements.

obsession and makes it the dominant Such indulgence weakens and degrades In this day when modesty is thrust passion. Let your needs rule you, pamcharacter, discredits the family name, into the background, and chastity is

per them, and you will see them robs the future wife or husband of a considered an outmoded virtue, I apJune 1967 25 peal to parents especially, and to my tunity and stress. A man's reaction to universial inquiry of all time. It has

fellow teachers, both in and out of the his appetites and impulses when they in every age attracted the attention

Church, to teach youth to keep their are aroused gives the measure of that of the learned and the unlearned, the souls unmarred and unsullied from man's character. In these reactions are religious and irreligious, the rich and

this and other debasing sins, the conserevealed the man's power to govern or the poor. No other subject touches

quences of which will smite and haunt his forced servility to yield. human welfare and human happiness

them intimately until their conscience Brethren and sisters, spirituality is so intimately.

is seared and their character becomes the consciousness of victory over self, The belief that the road of life sordid. A chaste, not a profligate, life and of communion with the Infinite. merges into an endless freeway that

is the source of virile manhood. The Spirituality impels one to conquer difleads to a more beautiful home and

test of true womanhood comes when ficulties and acquire more and more more fruitful life than any experience the woman stands innocent at the court strength. To feel one's faculties unfoldin mortality has been the inspiration

of chastity. All qualities are crowned ing and truth expanding the soul is one of the great souls in all ages. This

by this most precious virtue of beautiof life's sublimest experiences. belief, older than the pyramids, anteful womanhood. It is the most vital Being "honest, true, chaste, benevodating the first record of man's

part of the foundation of a happy marlent, virtuous, and in doing good, to all thoughts, has been firmly established ried life and is the source of strength men"are attributes that contribute to in the minds and consciousness of the and perpetuity of the race. spirituality, the highest acquisition of human race. There is a remarkable

Health, happiness, peace of mind, the soul. It is the divine in man, the unanimity on this subject among the

and character come through selfsupreme, crowning gift that makes him leaders throughout the ages, regardless restraint. The only thing that places king of all created things, the one final of their adherence to other aspects of

man above the beast of the field is his quality that makes him tower above religion. This almost universal belief

possession of spiritual gifts. Man's all other animals. inspires hope, faith, and fortitude as we

earthly existence is but a test as to Divine is that admonition and promapproach our turn to join that inwhether he will concentrate his efforts, ise given to the Prophet Joseph Smith: numerable caravan and take our place

his mind, his soul, upon things which "... let virtue garnish thy thoughts in the sacred halls of death.

will contribute to the comfort and unceasingly [a wonderful statement]; Revelation is unfolding truth whether

gratification of his physical instincts then shall thy confidence wax strong in the test tube, the human mind, or and passions, or whether he will make in the presence of God; and the docmessage from the Creator. It is the

his life's aims and purposes the acquitrine of the priesthood shall distil upon infinite becoming known.

sition of spiritual qualities. thy soul as the dews from heaven. Death is not extinguishing the light,

The Savior's constant desire and ef- "The Holy Ghost shall be thy conbut is putting out the lamp, because the fort were to implant in the mind right stant companion, and thy scepter an dawn has come. Night never has the

thoughts, pure motives, noble ideals, unchanging scepter of righteousness last word. The dawn is irresistible.

knowing full well that right words and and truth; and thy dominion shall be Both religion and science teach us

actions would inevitably follow. He an everlasting dominion, and without that nothing is ever annihilated; forms

taught, and modern physiology and compulsory means it shall flow unto change and patterns are altered. We

psychology confirm, that hate and thee forever and ever."(D&C 121: do not even attempt to anticipate the

jealousy and other evil passions destroy 4546.) details, but it is unreasonable to con-

a man's physical vigor and efficiency. God help us to keep that admonition, clude that a law that operates everyNo man can disobey the word of and to follow the ideals of the Church where else in life ceases to operate only

God and not suffer by so doing. What established by direct revelation in this in life's highest, noblest form—human

a man continually thinks about deterday, I pray in the name of Jesus Christ. personality.

mines his actions in times of opporAmen. O The human spirit shrinks from extinction. It refuses to believe that the

Address delivered Saturday Morning, April 8, 1967 departed have vanished like the flame of a burntout candle. There has never

been an age in which the hope of life, immortal and eternal, has not flamed brightly.

In this world of indestructibility, each of us is a timeless, spaceless unit of energy. Is it not absurd to assume

that the infinitesimal electron is of

Immortality more import in the economy of the universe than the creative consciousness

President Hugh B. Brown that is I?

If there are permanent values in the

Of the First Presidency universe, it seems that human sympathy, love, mutual service among

My dear brothers and sisters (and I thought of life beyond the grave, of the mankind, intellectuality, and spiritualuse that salutation despite the fact that immortality of the soul, and man's ity—the highest and noblest qualities

our audience this morning is made up relationship to Deity. Sooner or later of which the human mind can conof people from many countries, many life's vicissitudes bring each of us to ceive, qualities which have been

tongues, many creeds): We are all grips with this important subject, givproduced at tremendous cost andchildren of the same God, and thereing us cause to reevaluate our convicsacrifice—must be permanent.

fore we are brothers and sisters. tions, to reexamine our faith in this That the Savior conquered death,

I should like to bear witness of the essentially spiritual aspect of our reafter having taken upon himself morMaster and to the fact of the immorligion. Each of us, regardless of color, tality, gives us the divine assurance

tality of the soul. In fact, recent creed, or nationality, has a rendezvous that our spirits also transcend death

poignant experiences have reminded with the experience that we call death. and that our loved ones who have gone

some of us that a foundation stone of The question of the immortality of before still live. Our spirits are divine,

all religion is entwined with the the soul is the most persistent, the most for they are the offspring of Deity;

26 Improvement Era therefore, our spirits cannot be touched with its accomplishments; it seems to

by death. It was this transcendent be built upon a scale that only life

thought that inspired the Apostle eternal can satisfy. Perhaps this is

Paul to say: "O death, where is thy what Browning meant when he said:

sting? O grave, where is thy victory?""... a man's reach should exceed his

(1 Cor. 15:55.) grasp, or what's a heaven for?"(Robert

Faintly we are beginning to discern Browning, "Andrea del Sartor.")

the fact that the real world is the There may be and doubtless will be spiritual world, and that a spiritual new conditions, new laws, new methcivilization must spring from ruins of ods; but the essential soul will still

the old if man is to keep his place have its faculties unimpaired—in fact,in the universe. Life is the absolute heightened and clarified—to pursue its

power that overrules all else. There quest for truth.

can be no cessation. Man does not No bodily change, no earthly vicishave the power to destroy life. situde affects the integrity and the

Our world is an interesting, beautipermanence of the self. The spirit

ful, wonderful, increasingly intelligible does not age with the body nor does place, and in many ways a delightful it perish with the body. It is a divine

home, but the question will not be effluence of reality, and as such must repressed: Does it have some signifialways persist. The self, by its very

cance beyond what is seen and temnature, transcends mortality.

poral? Dare we think of a.design Victor Hugo left us a challenging

connecting the antemortal, the mortal, reflection not long before he died. He

and the postmortal? said, "The nearer I approach the end

life—harmonious,The supreme appetiteeternaloflife.manNatureis for mortalthe plainersymphoniesI hear aroundof the worldme thewhichimprovides for the complete fulfillment <**SK invites me. It is marvelous yet simple.

at some time or place of all of the For half a century I have been writing appetites of man. The desire for immy thoughts in prose and in verse;

mortality is the supreme, the eternal, history, philosophy, drama, romance, the everlasting desire. tradition, satire, ode and song; I have

When I consult my own inner conme&mm:<% WtWswMmKm tried all. But I feel I have not said

sciousness I find a deepseated—in fact, Members of the Church gathered in the the thousandth part of what is in me.an instinctive—feeling of immeasurable beautiful Innsbruck Branch chapel, Austrian When I go down to the grave I canoldness, an echo of time immemorial, Mission. say like many others,—'I have finished

as well as a feeling of necessary endnew type of mind that studies the my day's work.'But I cannot say,

lessness. No logical reasoning can distruths of faith with the care and cau- 'I have finished my life's work.'My

pel these feelings. I did not put these tion and candor of science, yet keeping day's work will begin again the next

feelings in my inner self; I found them the warmth and glow and power of morning. The tomb is not a blind

there when I grew old enough to faith. alley; it is an open thoroughfare. It

introspect my mind. In spite of recurSpiritual insight is as real as sciencloses on the twilight, it opens on the

ring doubts and criticisms, there they tific insight. Indeed, it is but a higher dawn. My work is only beginning; my

have remained. If we believe in man's manifestation of the same thing. The work is hardly above the foundation.

divine origin, we must conclude that saint as well as the scientist has wit- I could gladly see it mounting forever.

mankind has a mission that cannot be nessed the truth of reality. One may The thirst for the infinite proves

encompassed in mortality; that power deem his knowledge revelation, and the infinity."

had a divine purpose that cannot be other, intellectual conclusion, but in When those eleven downhearted fully employed or utilized during earth both cases it is insight—the conviction men suddenly become aware that Jesuslife; that every faculty has a function, of reality. was in their midst—the Jesus who only

even though some are not in evidence That which impresses one most hours before had been scourged and in our earthly environment. strongly in the teachings of Jesus is the stabbed on the hill—they, as Luke

Each of us must someday face the fact that he did not argue. He stated said, "believed not for joy."(See Luke

question propounded by Job: "If a man the sublime truth of immortality of 24:41.) It was too good to be true, and

die, shall he live again?"In other man as though it were an elementary then came his marvelous challenge and

words, is the death of the body the fact that needed no argument to justify demonstration as he said: "... handle

finality of human existence? What its acceptance. me, and see; for a spirit hath not flesh

becomes of the soul, the self—-that inMan, in his mortal state, is not a and bones, as ye see me have.

tangible but very real essence we call being completed and perfect. Rather, "And when he had thus spoken, he

personality? Does it vanish into mortal life is a prenatal state, awaiting showed them his hands and his feet."

nothingness? birth. As Franklin so truly said, "Life (Luke 24:3940.) They saw; they

The hearthunger of mankind after is rather a state of embryo, a preparatouched, and were touched by his immortality is instinctive within him, tion for life. A man is not completely glorious resurrected body. That was

and like all other normal instincts is born until he has passed through the great revelation—Christ was real

grounded in the structure of his being. death."and touchable.

The human spirit, by its very nature, Even the best of men, when they What I say here now reflects not has a passion for life—continuous life. come to the end of their days, feel a only Bible study and prayerful meditaIt has eternity stamped upon its inner keen sense of incompleteness. They tion, but also actual experience that

constitution, and it reflects in its hopes have been unable to do what they defies a thousand and one traditions and dreams that which eternally is. dreamed and resolved they would do. and assumptions. I would not be

With the tremendous strides that May this not be a confirmatory sugstanding here if it had not come to science is making in our day, there is gestion that there is a design still to life within me when I was on the dawning upon this age what might be carried out? edge of my own abyss.

be termed a scientific spirituality—The mind of man is never satisfied The hands, feet, and side of Christ

June 1967 27 had bled in the awful turning of his vouchsafed to all men the blessings "... I am the resurrection, and the

solitary winepress before they were of the resurrection, and was glorified life: he that believeth in me, though

pierced at Golgotha. His whole body by the Father. he were dead, yet shall he live:

bled in the midst of his vicarious pain. One of the bestattested facts in his- "And whosoever liveth and believeth

This was an actual experience; it was tory is the fact of the resurrection of in me shall never die."(John 11:25not a myth. Jesus Christ. He said, "... I go [to] 26.)

When the eleven apostles were celeprepare a place for you,... that where With Job of old and with the aposbrating an extended Easter at Jeru- I am, there you may be also."(John tles I humbly bear witness that I know

salem, they were overwhelmed by the 14:3.) Paul tells us that "as in Adam that my Redeemer lives, and that he

implications of his final instructions all die, even so in Christ shall all be shall stand at the last day upon the and seemed moved by an endowment made alive."(1 Cor. 15:22.) Hear earth. I bear this testimony humbly

of the Spirit, for they witnessed not Christ's inspiring message to Martha and faithfully, in"the name of Jesus only his own unforeseen immortality and to all the world: Christ. Amen. o

but also their own immortality. It was

the reality of reunion of their lives Address delivered Sunday Morning, April 9, 1967 with his life; it was knowing him

again, in their midst, being with them.

It was his ministering, dining, sharing with them. It was being close—closer

than ever before. They became aware

of his great power—indeed, all power

both in heaven and in earth had been given unto him. The Great Commandment We bear witness to these New

Testament insights, the newest of President N. Eldon Tanner

which is his present touch. To be in

touch with Christ means today what Of the First Presidency it meant to John and Peter and Paul:

to see, to receive, and to prize the President McKay, we feel happy and Then in Deuteronomy we read:

actual ministrations. blessed to have you with us this "And thou shalt love the Lord thy

We witness that his voice, his permorning. On behalf of the First PresiGod with all thine heart, and with all

son, has been manifested today in our dency, I should like to greet all those thy soul, and with all thy might.

time and culture. And more: that he assembled in this great Tabernacle and "And these words, which I command

will now, as then, manifest himself those who are listening in this morning. thee this day, shall be in thine heart:

to those who will come as John came, As we were commemorating at "And thou shalt teach them dilinot counting the cost. He can be Easter time the death and resurrection gently unto thy children, and shalt

and is touched by the power of his of our Savior, I was greatly impressed talk of them when thou sittest in thine divine Sonship. again with the words: "For God so house, and when thou walkest by the

We bear witness that Christ was the loved the world, that he gave his only way, and when thou liest down, and revelation of God, the Father, and I begotten Son, that whosoever believeth when thou risest up."(Deut. 6:5-7.)

dare proclaim what some creeds have in him should not perish, but have When Christ came to the earth the forbidden us to say: that when the everlasting life."(John 3:16.) law of Moses was in effect, an example

disciples knelt at Jesus'feet, embraced Then I was reminded of the answer of which was "an eye for an eye, and his knees, looked into his face, they the Savior gave to the lawyer, who a tooth for a tooth."But the Savior

were beholding and touching a pertemptingly asked him: said:

sonality who had become absolutely "Master, which is the great com- "A new commandment I give unto like the Eternal Father. mandment in the law? you, That ye love one another; as I

We bear.witness that the touch of "Jesus said unto him, Thou shalt have loved you, that ye also love one

Christ, as he is presently glorified, is love the Lord thy God with all thy another.

the touch of the highest nature of God. heart, and with all thy soul, and with "By this shall all men know that ye

When he entered the presence of God, all thy mind. are my disciples, if ye have love one

the Father, he was transformed into "This is the first and great comto another."(John 13:3435.)

the express image of his person. He mandment. The Lord also gave us what is often

became not only the revelation of the "And the second is like unto it, Thou referred to as the Golden Rule. It is

Father but also the revelation of reshalt love thy neighbor as thyself. found in Matthew 7:12.

deemed man. "On these two commandments hang "Therefore all things whatsoever ye

Beheld the vibrant Christ who maniall the law and the prophets."(Matt. would that men should do to you, do

fests a love that does not flourish on 22:3640.) ye even so to them: for this is the law

distance, on utter unlikeness, on the From this statement it is evident and the prophets."

munion—realremoval of similitude!kinship—areUniontheandsharingcomworld.that loveThenis thereferringgreatest thingback toin thethe theIf Saviorwe arespoke,to haveandthiswhichloveheofemphawhich

of all levels of experience. early scriptures, I found, as recorded sizes as being the most important thing

Behold the Christ who knew all in Leviticus 19:1618, the Lord, in in life, it must begin in the home

human sickness, that he might have speaking to Moses, gave this comand then carry into our daily lives. A

compassion; who was healed and lifted mandment: happy marriage is never handed to a

up, that he might have healing and "Thou shalt not go up and down as couple on a silver platter, but it is lifting power; who was glorified in the a talebearer among thy people.... something we have to build conpresence of the Father, that he might "Thou shalt not hate thy brother in tinually. If each will think of the

glorify the Father by glorifying us! thine heart.... other's convenience, comfort, needs,

For this cause came he into the "Thou shalt not avenge, nor bear and happiness, and determine to see world; for this cause he voluntarily ofany grudge against the children of thy the best in each other, try to underfered his life, broke the bands of people, but thou shalt love thy neighstand and express love for each other,

death, was resurrected from the dead, bour as thyself...."there will be true love and harmony

28 Improvement Era in the home. tion, and friendship as we go through ourselves to see if r we are actually

Yes, the only slogan we need in life, and enjoy the love of others and really striving to apply the principle order to be happy in our home is: Love the Spirit of our Father in heaven. If of love toward those with whom we

Each Other—three simple words. we will always look for the best in are associated. Are we patient, kind,

Apply the ingredients of love. Sacrifice others, in our friends, in our neighbors, generous, humble, courteous, unselfish,

for each other. Make each other in our wife, in our husband, in our showing no temper, guileless, and sinhappy. If this were always uppermost children, they will turn out to be the cere? Do we try to put ourselves in

in our minds, we would have very little most wonderful people in the world. the other person's place, whether he be

trouble indeed. If there is love beOn the other hand, if we are looking a merchant, a clerk, secretary, a caretween the father and the mother, there for their weaknesses and faults and entaker, one of another religion or race,

will be love between the parents and large upon them, these same people or a man in prison, and then act tothe children and among the children. may become even despicable. ward him as we would like to be

One cannot overemphasize the imSometimes as I move among people treated were we in his place?

portance and value of being courteous, I am almost convinced that it is huLet us never forget that the Lord and, considerate, and polite in the man nature to magnify the weaknesses gave us this commandment to love iome. in others in order to minimize our God and to love one another and apply

Have you ever seen anything sweeter own. We sing these words in one of the Golden Rule. We cannot love

than the family that loves one anour hymns: God without loving our neighbor, and

other? Where there is true and perwe cannot truly love our neighbor

fect love in a family, such command- "Let each man learn to know himself; without loving God. This applies to

ments as "honour thy father and thy To gain that knowledge let him labor, you and to me, and if each of us applies mother,""thou shalt not steal,""thou Improve those failings in himself, it to himself, we need not worry about shalt not bear false witness,"are quite Which he condemns so in his neighthe other.

is fulreally theunnecessary. Love bor. refriend of a ago time mine Some

filling of law. the

I like lated that experience should an life, over look our back As we faults lenient our view, we "How own said: to to pass you. on He

it realize long, short orwhether be we conscience's voice adeptly And father's father cousin and my "My greatest that the thethat thing gave smother, in the lived and same were community for doing somethingjoy was someone Yet, oh, harshly review how we in busithe construction competing else Let loved us because him. we... self failings in another! same The ness. the years grew over There a upexpress to to love our our and God bitter rivalry keen very between and can, our whilefellowmen now, by we genial sheds a ray "Example triggered in This the bethem. was shall for actevery not word, and "we light to are apt borrow, which Of men in of bidding ginning the construction

thispass again way."first yourself So improve today later city political contracts, in and our

difficult for thing us seems most The tofriends then improve your And affairs other'they where each opposed ourselves, to toto of give be do away morrow."elections. spirited in very

If really selfishness..with love we families inherited immediate "Our ]esus Christ of (Hymns, Church of is hardship. asomeone, nothing Noththis situation of death the upon my Saints, Latterday 91.) is to for that foring us hard do

for father, to take boys seemed we is realindividual. happiness no There

It left off. quite over where was Dad of always that Let us remember men getting, giving. inin or but only having

Half the world seems to be following great character need not belittle others a strain on the members of his family the wrong scent in the pursuit of hapor magnify their weaknesses. In fact, and ours even to be civil to one anpiness. They think it consists of havthe thing that makes them great is the other, even in our Church callings

ing and getting, and in having others showing of love for and interest in where he served as bishop of one ward serve them, but really it consists of their neighbors'success and welfare. and I in another, and later in the

giving and serving others. As we try to apply the Golden Rule high council where we were both

Just a few days ago, early in the we must realize that love will not permembers. When we came together it

morning, I had an experience that mit us to hold grudges or ill feelings. seemed that Satan took over, and I am

sure for haven't told he did, been we the canker out soul and crowdreally heart, touched and was an These my is, Spirit that contention the of where ourselves hurt holding by love. called of greatevidence love. We A woman

is not?me to say that she had just received grudges and ill feelings. We hurt and the Lord

word that her grown son had been sometimes destroy the person about "This situation continued to fester.

killed in an auto accident in the East, whom we are bearing tales. We would Suddenly I found myself with a call to

where he lived. She said that her husnot think of stealing from or injuring put aside all worldly things and go to

band, the father of this boy, was in physically one of our associates, preside over a mission. This was a

another city carrying on some very imfriends, or neighbors, but we do even thrilling experience to contemplate, portant and serious business negotiaworse by stealing his good name. It is and yet I subconsciously had a most

tions, and that she did not want to not uncommon to see people—clerks in uneasy feeling about it. I kept asking

disturb him while he was thus instores, secretaries in corporations, indimyself: Are you really worthy to acvolved. In our conversation I agreed to viduals in clubs and in affairs of cept such an important call?'I was

call someone who was with the father church and state—talking about and living the Word of Wisdom, I was a

so that he might be informed as soon as criticizing one another, trying to enfull tithe payer, I was faithful in all the negotiations were concluded. To large on their weaknesses with the idea my Church activities, I was morally

me her action was an outstanding exof belittling them in the hope that clean, and yet this uneasy feeling perample of love and unselfishness and their own weaknesses might be minisisted.

interest in her husband's welfare to the mized or overlooked. If we really "I set about immediately to get my

extent that she was prepared to suffer loved one another as the Lord loves us, business and personal affairs in a conalone. there would be none of this friction, dition where others could handle them

We cannot apply or fulfill all at but confidence and happiness would while we were gone. While returning

once the Golden Rule that the Savior reign. home from my office one afternoon, it

gave to us, but by seriously trying, we I should like to join with each and really happened. I didn't hear a voice,

will find greater joy, success, satisfacevery one of you in taking stock of but just as clearly as if a voice spoke

June 1967 29 to me something said: 'You must go to And saw within the moonlight in his Write me as one that loves his fellowyour father's cousin and get things room, men."

straightened out. You cannot go on Making it rich and like a lily in bloom, The angel wrote, and vanished. The

this mission and teach the gospel of An angel writing in a book of gold; next night

love when this terrible feeling exists Exceeding peace had made Ben Adhem It came again with a great wakening between you.'bold, light,

"I drove to his home, and with great And to the Presence in the room he And showed the names whom love of fear and trepidation went up and rang said, God had blessed;

the doorbell. There was no answer. "What writest thou?"The vision raised And, lo! Ben Adhem's name led all

After waiting a few minutes I went its head, the rest!

back to my car and said silently, 'Lord, And with a look made of all sweet Let us all strive to live worthy to

I made the attempt. I am sure this accord, have our names listed among those

will be acceptable.'But it wasn't. This Answered, "The names of those who who love their fellowmen, and so prove

uneasy feeling still persisted. I prayed love the Lord."our love for God. God does live. Jesus

earnestly about it. "And is mine one?"said Abou. "Nay, is the Christ. Through him we have

"The next day as I sat in a funeral not so,"the restored gospel, which offers us imservice, my cousin came in and sat Replied the angel. Abou spoke more mortality and eternal life.

across the aisle from me. The Spirit low, This is my humble testimony to you,

moved me to ask him if I could see But cheerily still, and said, "I pray and I leave my blessings with you in him at his home after the service. He thee, then, the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. o

agreed. This time I went with calmness and tranquility in my soul because Address delivered Sunday Afternoon, April 9. 1967

I had asked the Lord to prepare the way for me.

"When I rang the doorbell he invited me into the living room and congratulated me on my mission call. We

talked a few minutes about things in general, and then it happened. I

a feelinglooked at him with old bitterness, of love, He That Loveth Me all thewhich replaced and said: 'I have come to ask forgiveness for anything I have ever said or President Joseph Fielding Smith

done that has tended to divide us and Of the First Presidency and President of the Council of the Twelve our families.'

into this tears point our came "At did of not Christ gospel I the Jesus sisters: and brethren and dear am My of for neithereyes, few minutes a and

I to a day. read I that going in this do day. to am with be you happy a one word. say This could wasus

to definite, statement emphatic bless most will the that Lord pray hope and silence powerfultime was more when of of the Church, some I members able Spirit, his that whom be with may me said: In words. he minutes a fewthan

little drifting in that day, a been had will that be to something give you I first.'I re-'I to you wish had come

of today, just as some do of we whom upbuilding for the good your and is thatplied: thing important 'The

converted, fully and not were some of it the God. kingdom it.'is initiated done, not who forgotten the of messages had whom I I take a thought would For theme rich this a "At had moment we to taught brethren that the and them that Savior: of hath our the words "He to experience,spiritual us caused which into they received that they came when keepeth them, and commandments, lives souls of my those our our andpurge the Church. it is that loveth that and he me; he us, separatedthings which had which of instructed these Paul So members loved shall of loveth be me my in having famresulted proper ourhas to called attention the and Church "14:21.) Father (Johnily relationships. certain peculiar conditions are which

"Now I could go on my mission and I am going to read to you a few to those who have made covenants teach the true meaning of love, because words from Paul the apostle, written with Jesus Christ. And Paul is not

Saints. exto timefor the first the Corinthian life I had Now, in my is to generation. the speaking our He

its deepest a strangeperienced dimension, people out and have in the world speaking of in generation the which now I could honestly say that there idea about these epistles of Paul and he lived. And so to these Corinthian

wasn't a person in the world that I of the men who have written the members of the Church he said:

didn't love and appreciate. Since that epistles we have in the Bible. They "Now if any man build upon this

day my life has never been the same, apply them unto themselves, and they foundation gold, silver, precious stone, for it was then that I learned in a look upon them as being declared as wood, hay, stubble;

most positive way as I had never unmessages to all the world. But this "Every man's work shall be made

derstood before the injunction of the is not so. Definitely, each of these manifest: for the day shall declare it,

Master to his disciples when he said: epistles was written to members of the because it shall be revealed by fire;'A new commandment I give unto you, Church—not to denominations, but to and the fire shall try every man's

That ye love one another.'"(John those who heard the words of the work of what sort it is.

13:34.) apostles of old, had received them, and "If any man's work abide which

This same dimension of love is so had been baptized and confirmed memhe hath built thereupon, he shall rebeautifully portrayed by Leigh Hunt bers of the Church of Jesus Christ in ceive a reward.

in the story of Abou Ben Adhem: that dispensation. "If any man's work shall be burned,

Therefore, we should have the unhe shall suffer loss: but he himself

Abou Ben Adhem (may his tribe inderstanding when we read these epistles shall be saved; yet so as by fire.

crease!) that the things said by the apostles "Know ye not that ye are the temple

Awoke one night from a deep dream of are not things that apply to those of God, and that the Spirit of God peace, who have not made covenants through dwelleth in you?"(1 Cor. 3:1216.)

30 Improvement Era Thus he wrote to the Saints in

Corinth, and these words apply equally to the Saints of this present day. Paul

could not say that to those who had not been baptized and confirmed, for the Lord has said definitely that those who are not members of the Church cannot receive the Holy Ghost; and

so Paul said:

"If any man defile the temple of

God, him shall God destroy; for the

temple of God is holy, which temple ye are. "Let no man deceive himself. If any

man among you seemeth to be wise in this world, let him become a fool, that he may be wise.

"For the wisdom of this world is foolishness with God. For it is written, He taketh the wise in their own

craftiness."(1 Cor. 3:1719.)

So we should take notice of this.

We cannot build on any other foundation. I think that there are members

of the Church who have pride, who have placed gold, silver, precious things as their great goal. And they

have neglected their duties and responsibilities, which their membership in the Church requires of them.

Now, let me read another passage to these same members of the Church, On Sunday, April 9, five hundred Saints and friends gathered at Mountpottinger Branch many of whom had sadly departed chapel in Belfast, Northern Ireland, to hear conference.

from the true teachings that they had received from Paul and others who had You haven't any right at all to do hath my commandments, and keepeth been sent to teach them: just as you please. There is only one them, he it is that loveth me...."

"What? know ye not that your body right that you have, and that is to (John 14:21.) Again, the Savior said:

is the temple of the Holy Ghost which do just what I read to you: keep the "If ye love me, keep my commandis in you, which ye have of God, and commandments of Jesus Christ. He has ments."(John 14:15.)

ye are not your own? a perfect right to tell us so. We have Unfortunately we have members of

"For ye are bought with a price: no right to refuse. I do not care who the Church who set aside the comtherefore glorify God in your body, the man is; I do not care where he mandments the Lord has given us,

and in your spirit, which are God's."lives, or what he is—when the gospel who fail to observe them strictly. This

(1 Cor. 6:1920.) That statement of of Jesus Christ is presented to him, he is not your right. It is just your

Paul's is just as true and applies with has no right to refuse to receive it. privilege, the privilege the Lord has

equal force in the cases of Latterday He has the privilege. He is not comgiven you to act for yourself. You are

Saints today. pelled to receive it, because our Father agents with the power within you to

Paul could not say that to those in heaven has given to everyone of us, obey or to disobey. If it were not so,

who had hot made covenants. He in the Church and out, the gift of no one could be tried for disobedience.

could have told anybody anywhere free agency. That free agency gives We read in the scriptures that every

that he was bought with a price, but us the privilege to accept and be loyal man will be tried according to his he could not tell them that the Holy to our Lord's commandments, but it works. Well, if we are not under

Ghost had been given to them, because has never given us the right to reject obligation, who can try us? Did you

it was not given except to members of them. Every man who rejects the ever think of that? If there were no

the Church. But the fact remains commandments of our Father in obligation for me to keep the comthat every soul upon the face of the heaven is rebellious. mandments of the Lord, if I broke

I realize course, that earth there are them, with a was bought of the the heathen, people never price—Jewatheist. thousandsOf have and Gentile, who We Idocouldnot notpunishbe punished.men for doing

No matter where a man lives or what heard the gospel. They are not going something that is not contrary to the

he believes or the circumstances under to be punished for that. We cannot laws, do we? But the Lord has given

which he lives, he was bought and expect a person to observe a commandus his laws, the gospel of Jesus Christ, paid for with a price, a price that was ment he has never heard. But all not because it is pleasing to him, not

paid by our Lord and Savior Jesus those who have never had the privilege because he is going to get anything

Christ, and he was the only one who of hearing it will at some time have out of it. He has given us these laws

could pay it. No one else was ever that privilege. If it is not in this life, that we might get something out of

born into this world who could pay it will be in the spirit world. And them. And, of course, every person

this price. every soul will have the opportunity who keeps these commandments adds

And from what were we bought? to accept the mission of our Savior that much to his personal glory. There

Before I answer that question, I want Jesus Christ or to reject it. When the is no question about that, because when

to say something else. I have heard Lord commands us, if we love him we we sustain our Savior and are true

people say, and members of the will keep the commandments. This and faithful to him, he is the beneChurch too, "I have a right to do as I is the law to members of the Church, factor. But are we not benefited, and

please."My answer is: No, you do not. in the words of the Savior: "He that are not the benefits greater to us by far

June 1967 31 than they are to him? Our Lord in himself. And because he had a

never gave a commandment in this mother who had blood in her veins, world to any man that was not inhe had the power to die. He could

tended to be to his eternal benefit. I yield up his body to death and then

think sometimes we overlook that. take it again. Let me read his own

I hope the Lord will help me to words: "Therefore doth my Father love

keep his commandments. As I said, me, because I lay down my life, that

his comandments are not hard to keep. I might take it again.

He said that himself. Some people "No man taketh it from me, but I

say that his commandments are hard lay it down of myself. I have power to

to keep. This is an admission, isn't it, lay it down, and I have power to

that they are not keeping them? take it again. This commandment

Let me ask you a question: Is there have I received of my Father."(John

anybody here who has not committed 10:1718.)

some sin or transgression of divine He had power to lay down his life, law? If so, you may please raise your and on the cross he paid the price for

hand. I don't see any hands up. I our sins and at the same time for

can't raise mine. Well, did you ever, Adam's transgression. His infinite

after you had committed some wrong, atonement resulted in two things: (1)

feel sorry and get the spirit of rerestoration of the body to the spirit, pentance and wish you had not done and (2) the redemption of those who it? If you have not felt that way, you accept the gospel of Jesus Christ and

had better see your bishop. I have who will be loyal in the keeping of his

done things I should not have done, commandments—freedom from their

and I have felt sorry. I never committed sins.

murder; I have kept my body clean; Now, in conclusion, what are we

I have not been stealing from people. going to do? Are we going to love

When I was a child, I may have taken him? Are we going to realize the

something that did not belong to me, great work he did for us and are we like the neighbor's apples. But when going to be grateful, or are we going

I have done some wrong, I have been to violate his commandments? I

troubled. would like to read something by

The Savior never committed any Sydney Harris, taken from the Deseret sin nor carried any troubled conNews in 1964, entitled "Would We

Believescience. Follow?"and the under was not He Francis Boyer at the master control for

"If there Inecessity of should as repenting be a second comyou and translation equipment.

are; but in some way that I cannot ing, would there not be soon a second

understand, he carried the weight of the Garden of Eden and we would crucifixion? And this time, not by

my transgressions and yours and the not be here; nobody would be here the Romans or the Jews, but by those

transgressions of every soul who comes except Adam and Eve. So Adam and who proudly call themselves Chrisinto this Church from the days of Eve partook. Eating of that forbidden tians? I wonder! I wonder how we

Adam to our present time and to the fruit subdued the power of the spirit today would regard and treat this man end of time. He came and offered and created blood in their bodies. No with his strange and frightening and

himself as a sacrifice to pay the debt blood was in their bodies before the 'impractical'doctrines of human befor each of us who is willing to repent Fall. The blood became the life of havior and relationships. Would we

of his sins and return to him and keep the body. And the blood was not only believe and follow, any more than the

his commandments. Think of it, if the life thereof, but it had in it the masses of people in his day believed

you can. The Savior carried that seeds of death. And so we grow old and followed?

burden in some way beyond our comand we die. But it would have been "Would not the militarists among

prehension. I know that, because I a dreadful thing if Adam and his posus assail him as a cowardly pacifist

accept his word. He tells us of the terity had been forced, because of the because he urges us not to resist evil?

torment he went through; the torment Fall, to die and remain dead; that "Would not the nationalists among

was so great that he pled with his would have been the case had there us attack him as a dangerous interFather that if it were possible he been no redemption. nationalist because he tells us we are

might not drink the bitter cup and That is what Satan wanted, so he all of one flesh?

shrink: "... nevertheless not my will, worked on them. I think he had "Would not the wealthy among us

but thine, be done."(Luke 22:42.) The this idea: "Now, I have destroyed the castigate him as a troublemaking radianswer he got from his Father was, Lord's plan. I have caused Adam and cal because he bars the rich from

"You have to drink it."Eve to become mortal and they are entering the kingdom of heaven?

Can I help loving him? No, I cangoing to die; everyone will have to "Would not the liberals among us

not. Do you love him? Then keep die, and they will become subject to dismiss him as a dreamy vagabond

his commandments. If you do not, you me."And he laughed about it. because he advises us to take no

will have to answer for them yourThere was only one way of redempthought for the morrow, to lay up no selves. tion, one way in which reparation treasures on earth?

When Adam and Eve were placed could be made and the body restored "Would not the ecclesiastics among in the Garden of Eden, they did not again to the spirit; that was by an us denounce him as a ranting heretic

have to die. They could have been infinite atonement, and it had to be because he cuts through the core of

there to this day. They could have made by an infinite being, someone ritual and commands us only to love

continued on for countless ages. There not subject to death and yet someone God and our neighbors?

was no death then. But it would have who had the power to die and who "Would not the sentimentalist

been a terrific calamity if they had also had power over death. And so, among us deride him as a cynic berefrained from taking the fruit of that our Father in heaven sent us his Son, cause he warns us that the way to saltree, for they would have stayed in Jesus Christ, into the world with life vation is narrow and difficult?

32 Improvement Era it is ex- "Would not the puritans among us way—find some part of this man's It isn't unusual—indeed,despise and reject him because he eats saying and doing to be so threatening pected—that the maker of any machine

and drinks with the publicans and to our ways of life, so much at odds should send a set of instructions on sinners, preferring the company of with our rooted beliefs, that we could how best to use it, how best to care winebibbers and harlots to that of not tolerate him for long? for it; and this our Father in heaven

'respectable'church members? "I wonder! I wonder if we are any has done for us, mentally, morally,

"Would not the sensual among us more prepared for the second coming physically, spiritually. In the gospel

scorn him because he fasts for forty than we would have been for the are instructions from our Maker on days in the desert, neglecting the first."how to care for and keep ourselves at

needs of the body? When we go to our homes let us get our best for the purpose for which we

"Would not the proud and important on our knees and thank the Lord for were brought into being.

among us laugh at him when he inhis many blessings, and our Lord Jesus As to the physical side: More than a

structs the twelve disciples that he Christ for his mercy and his greatness century ago, a prophet of God simply who would be 'first'should be the one and goodness for making it possible said that some things are not good for to take the role of the least and serve for us, through the keeping of his man. Now, knowledgeable and inall? commandments, to go back into the telligent men of science and medicine

"Would not the worldly wise and presence of God our Father and dwell also say so. But we had just as well

educated among us be aghast to hear with him. May the Lord bless you have saved all the time and trouble,

that we cannot be saved except we with every righteous desire of your for the Maker knew it and said it to become as children, and that a little hearts is my prayer, in the name of his servant. And what could be more

child shall lead us? his son Jesus Christ, our Redeemer. important than a completeness of

"Would not each of us—in his own Amen. O health and happiness—happiness and

health of the spirit, the body, and the of man.Thursday Morning Session, April 6, 1967 mind

say there is no moral question Some on how we physically live our lives.

But isn't it a moral question to abuse what God has given? And what a

waste to abuse any useful creation of any kind. If someone were to give us a

"If a Thing Is Right..."finelyfoolish,workingindeed watch,irrational,wouldn'tto put itintobe

it that which would corrode and deRichard L. Evans feat its purpose?

It is irreonly one body. We have

It indispensable, sacred. Of the Council of the Twelve placeable,

has to last a mortal lifetime. With it,

President McKay, my beloved brethable, are not equal to the problems and and the spirit within, we think, we ren and sisters, and I include in this complexities of the day in which we plan, we work, we feel, we live our salutation my friends worldwide and mortal lives.all mankind everywhere: live.We have met no infallible men, It is a miracle and most amazing:

indestructible no been spirit, having the back from the the housing for mind, the come We men—justtrying tomendo mostly honest and able, than continent intelligence more and of every the instrumenton man;

fifty countries, with gratitude for our their best. And we have come to a through which we think and plan and

fellowship with you and for the hapdeeper awareness than ever before of pursue life's purpose.

piness of homecoming, which is one the need for divine guidance, for inDon't dissipate it; don't impair any

of the greatest blessings on earth. If spiration, for revelation, thanking God part of it. Keep it clean and functhe welcome in heaven is as happy as more fervently for a prophet to guide tioning. Don't quibble about words,

the welcome at home, it will be well us in these latter days. We come with about what is counsel and what is

worth all the doing and enduring, and a greater awareness that without such commandment. Don't rationalize.

well worth waiting for. guidance there are no adequate anDon't clutter life with what is sure to

If we were to focus on this—a happy swers. Never in the past did we need distress and embarrass and lose peacehomecoming, here and hereafter—we revelation, inspiration, commandments, and cause problems. Find what is

wouldn't go far wrong in this world. standards, principles, and a prophet good, and do it. Find what isn't good,

May we live to be comfortable in the more than in the present. and leave it alone.

presence of our Father, with the asWith the charge and admonition and If I may cite a phrase: "If a thing is

surance of a happy homecoming, and appeal we have heard from President right, it can be done. If wrong, it can

reunion with our loved ones everMcKay, may we turn our hearts, young be done without."

lasting. and old—indeed, all of us—to live and Don't let the temptations, the false

We have met worldwide many wonkeep the counsels of God, to live and advertising, the false appeals, the false derful people, many in positions of keep the commandments. In any other endorsements, the glamorizing of evil,

high public responsibility—heads of way of life there is frustration and sorthe cynicism and sophistry of those

countries and communities, men of busrow and an empty rationalizing unwho would pull man down to the lower iness and professional competence, easiness within, that never rests and levels of life—don't let these impair

men who make decisions and who do never seems to satisfy. In answer to the health and peace and happiness and

much to shape the future and much question, "Shouldn't the commandthe everlasting possibilities of life. "If a

to run the world. Generally, we have ments be rewritten?"someone thoughtthing is right, it can be done. If

felt their earnest sincerity as they carry fully replied, "No, they should be wrong, it.can be done without."Basi-

a heavy complexity of problems. And reread."This is true of things physical cally, it is just this simple.

often this thought has come: Without and temporal, as well as things spiritual And don't expect life to be easy. It

a source of guidance and inspiration and eternal. We need to look closely never was for anyone, and never was

and direction outside themselves, men to the counsel and commandments God intended to be, so far as I know. On

of themselves, however earnest and has given. this point I quote from President McJune 1967 33

Kay: "I am grateful for membership in better hall anywhere than the Taber-

a Church whose religion fits men for nacle. Its acoustics are superb, and I

the struggle with the forces of the only hope that no human hands will world,"he said, "and which enables alter them in trying to make improvethem to survive in this struggle."ments. It is as near perfect now as any

Of course there are temptations, hall can be, and it is a joy to perform problems, things to overcome. Learning in it for your wonderful audiences."

is a long and perennial process. The This is typical of many, many more,

pursuit of excellence requires the best and I hope we may always preserve it of all our effort. Life is for learning, in its simple and basic qualities and

and the lessons are clearly there to character.

learn. The rules, the basic laws of life, With you I thank my Father in

have been given. The choice is ours. heaven for the heritage from our

There is a law of cause and consefathers, for the restoration of the gosquences. We realize the results of the pel, for a prophet to guide us in these

lives we live. And we must live to latter days, for devoted parents, for

respect ourselves and others also. wholesome homes, for faithful young

I would cite a sentence or two from people, for our opportunities, for the

Harold B. Lee: "Oh, God, help me to beauty of the earth, for the commandhold a high opinion of myself."That ment to subdue it. May we also subshould be the prayer of every soul: due and control ourselves and realize

not an abnormally developed selfthe highest possibilities of life, physiesteem that becomes haughtiness, concally, spiritually, mentally, and morceit, or arrogance, but a righteous ally, in a completeness of the greatest selfrespect, a belief in one's own possible attainments, now and always worth, worth to God and worth to and forever.

man. God bless President McKay and

Sometimes we may feel that it is these my brethren, and all of you, easier for others than it is for us. But and your families, and our beloved

we all have our struggles. We all have friends, worldwide, that the spirit of

our problems. We all have things truth may move upon us all and bring

to overcome, decisions to make, need us closer together in a oneness of the for selfcontrol. Eduardo Balderas translates the Prophet's gospel of Jesus Christ, and in the

Many years ago Phillips Brooks words for Spanishspeaking people. brotherhood of mankind.

said: "But... some men live strongly And may we remember how many

and purely in this world, you say, and building, at which thoughtful men the there are yearning in their hearts for then go safely and serenely up to world over have marveled. It has been what we have or could hold in our

heaven... [men] who never know my privilege to spend much of my hands, and never turn away from our

what struggle is. What shall we say life here, for 38 years, at every hour of opportunities for education, for prepaof them?... you may search all the the day and night, at every season, ration, for improvement; never turn

ages.... You may go through the meeting visitors who have come from away from respecting life, respecting

crowded streets of heaven, asking each worldwide, and reaching out worldourselves, our bodies, our minds, our saint how he came there, and you wide by radio and television through spirits, our eternal opportunities—rewill look in vain everywhere for a man the facilities God has given. membering that "if a thing is right,

morally and spiritually strong, whose We have performed in many of the it can be done. If it is wrong, it can be

strength did not come to him in struggreat concert halls of Europe and done without."

gle. Will you take the man who never America, and have talked in many I bear you my witness of the perhad a disappointment, who never knew auditoriums around the world, and sonal reality of God, our Father, of the

a want...? Do you suppose that find nothing to exceed this building in divinity of his Son, our Savior, and the

[any] man has never wrestled with uniqueness of structure, in remarkable divine calling and authority and inhis own success and happiness...?"versatility, in its most pleasing and spiration and prophetic office of

There are no such. responsive acoustic qualities, in its President McKay, and his predecessors.

Blessedly, as we engage, each of us, simplicity and beauty and spirit. There May the Lord bless our President and

in this struggle, we have the principles have been some who would change strengthen and sustain him, and each and the purposes. God help us to live it, some who have thought to "imof us in our homes, in our counsels

by them, to live what we teach, for prove"it, so they say, even as to some with our families, in our private and our own sake as well as for the sake of its basic essentials; but it satisfies my public performance; and lead us to

of others. soul, and I thank God for the minds know the truth, to live it; and help us

There is no place, no people anythat conceived it, for the inspiration in the struggle to become strong and where on earth, that would not be given them to do so, for the hands that improve and repent and refine ourbenefitted and blessed by the gospel fashioned it in their poverty and loving selves so that we may face our Father of Jesus Christ. And ours is the opcare and skill and devotion. and his Son our Savior, straightforportunity and obligation of example, Many of the great artists and engiwardly, when the summons comes to

of sharing it with others. How can neers and architects of the earth have each of us, as we must leave this life,

we be a light unto men if we don't commented on it. I give you one from so that we will be comfortable where

live according to the light that God Eugene Ormandy, director of the they are.

has given? Philadelphia Orchestra, that he sent in A line from Albert Camus comes to

May I say, before concluding, how a letter addressed sometime ago to mind: "We have nothing to lose—exgrateful I am for those who gave us Brother Isaac Stewart, president of the cept everything."

this Tabernacle, with its organ, its Tabernacle Choir. "We have, as you God help us to live so as to have a

traditions, and all that pertains to Temprobably know,"said Mr. Ormandy, happy homecoming always—here and

ple Square, this year being the hun- "performed in almost every great hall hereafter, I pray, in the name of Jesus dredth anniversary of this great in the world, but we have found no Christ. Amen. o

34 Improvement Era will be the period when the earth will rest and enjoy its sanctified state. For

this period the earth will be renewed and regain its former status as a terrestrial sphere, with all of its paradisiacal beauty, glory, and righteousness fully restored. But first the earth

The Earth's Sabbath torymust ofbe sincleansed.and troubleDuringourits earthlong hishas

become soiled and dirty. And it must

Sterling W. Sill have its "Saturday night bath,"and be

dressed in fresh clean clothing in

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve which it can appropriately live its best 1,000 years.

One of the outstanding memories period of creation, the holy record says, On several previous occasions God carried over from childhood is my "Thus the heavens and the earth were has attempted to cleanse the earth:

recollection of the Sabbath day. Back finished, and all the host of them. once by a flood of waters in the days

in those early times out on the farm, "And on the seventh day, God ended of Noah, and on other occasions he has

Sunday was a day completely set apart his work, which he had made; and he used wars, famines, pestilence, and

from the rest of the week. From Monrested on the seventh day.... disease, trying to rid the earth of that

day through Saturday, our attention "And God blessed the seventh day wickedness that defiled its face. But in

was centered in the heavy labor inand sanctified it."(Gen. 2:1-3.) preparation for the earth's sabbath,

volved in making a living by the Then in programming the world's God has indicated that fire will be the muscle power of men and animals. mortal or temporal existence, God gave cleansing agent, and every corrupt

But Sunday was different—it was it a time allotment of 7,000 years (see thing will be consumed. (D&C 101:24.)

the Sabbath. It was the day of rest. D&C 77:6-7), 1,000 years to represent Anyone who as a boy objected to havIt was the day of the Lord. On Satureach of the seven days of creation. The ing his ears scrubbed might look forday night the horses were turned out first 4,000 years began at the fall of ward to this coming experience with

to pasture and all work was suspended. Adam and ended at the birth of Christ. special anticipation.

Saturday was also a kind of special To this have been added the 1967 Through Malachi the Lord has said, housecleaning day to get things and years that have passed since that time, "For behold, the day cometh, that shall people ready for Sunday. The final act so that on the divine calendar we are burn as an oven; and all the proud,

of the work week was concerned with now living in the year of the world yea, and all that do wickedly, shall be that important ancient rite known as 5967, which is the late Saturday evenstubble: and the day that cometh shall

the "Saturday night bath."This was ing of the world's history. This divine burn them up, saith the Lord of hosts,

supplemented by a parental issue of time table as well as God's signs of that it shall leave them neither root properly mended, clean clothing, all the times indicate that the earth's Sabnor branch."(Mai. 4:1.) Then will

laid out, ready for Sunday. bath, which is the seventh 1,000year follow the long awaited seventh 1,000

A thorough physical and spiritual period, is about to be ushered in. years. This will be a millennium of

preparation also served as our acknowlAfter the creation, God looked out peace when Christ will reign personedgment of the Creator's intention that upon his handiwork and called it very ally upon the earth as King of kings the Sabbath day was supposed to be good. The earth was then a paradise of and Lord of lords. This change in the

the high point of the week. It has been beauty, peace, and plenty. Our first earth's status will be initiated at the

said that our civilization would never parents were placed in the beautiful glorious second coming of Jesus Christ, have survived for half a century if it Garden of Eden, where everything had and after its purification, the new king had not been for this one day in seven. been provided for their benefit. But at will remove the curse from the earth

This is the day when we are expected the fall of man the earth also fell. And and reinstate its former terrestrial magto live at our best, when we put on in announcing the penalty for man's nificence.

our best clothes, read our best books, disobedience God said, "... cursed is This great millennial period with its

think our best thoughts, and associate the ground for thy sake; in sorrow perfect government has been a favorite

with the people who mean the most in shalt thou eat of it all the days of thy theme of the prophets since time began.

our lives. And after we have laid aside life; It should also be one of the most motithe cares that have concerned us during "Thorns also and thistles shall it vating influences in our lives. Over

the other six days, we go to the house bring forth unto thee."(Gen. 3:1718.) 3,000 years ago the Psalmist looked

of prayer and let our minds reach up We may think of this earth as a beyond the apostasy, the dark ages, and and try to comprehend the things of pretty wonderful place just as it is, but the wickedness and disbelief of our own

God. for nearly 6,000 years it has been day and said, "Our God shall come,

The unit of life is the week, and operating in its fallen condition as a and shall not keep silence: a fire shall

each week has been fashioned after telestial world. Not only has it brought devour before him, and it shall be very

that memorable first week, which was forth thorns, thistles, and noxious tempestuous round about him.

the week of creation. As the scene weeds out of the ground, but lawless- "He shall call to the heavens from

opens on that first day, we feel the ness, corruption, and every kind of above, and to the earth, that he may brooding, unbroken darkness covering disobedience have flourished upon its judge his people.

the deep, and thrill at that first forward face. Its surface has been made un- "Gather my saints together unto me;

step when. in the march of progress productive by deserts and waste places, those that have made a covenant with

God first said, "Let there be light."while enmity and hate have been fesme by sacrifice."(Ps. 50:3-5.)

(Gen. 1:3.) We follow the other createring in the hearts of both men and For this final 1,000year period

tive acts to the crowning scene, which beasts; and during all of this long, sad many sweeping changes will take place

took place during the sixth day, when period, sin, suffering, and death have in the earth itself, as well as in the

God created man in his own image been the general portion of all manlives of the people who live upon it.

and endowed him with his own attrikind. The delightful paradisiacal condition

butes and potentialities. Then in sumBut the next onethousand year of the earth with its Garden of Eden

marizing the accomplishments of this period will be the earth's sabbath. This beauty will be restored. Its deserts and

June 1967 35 waste places will disappear; Satan will them in the clouds, to meet the Lord changed in the twinkling of an eye

be bound; and there will be no more in the air: and so shall we ever be and shall be caught up, and their rest

corruption, death, or disease, as we now with the Lord."(1 Thess. 4:1314, shall be glorious. And God shall wipe

know them. 1617.) What a great time this will be away all tears from their eyes, and

About this event, John the Revelator to be alive! there shall be no more death, neither

said, "And I saw an angel come down And what a great time it will be sorrow nor crying, neither shall there from heaven, having the key of the when success, happiness, and peace be any more pain.

bottomless pit, and a great chain in shall cover the earth, and children will What a great time to be alive, when his hand. grow up without sin unto salvation. Christ himself will be our lawgiver

"And he laid hold on the dragon, How meaningful will then be the and righteous men and women, from that old serpent, which is the Devil, Lord's promise through Zechariah, sayboth sides of the. veil, will live and

and Satan, and bound him a thousand ing, "Sing and rejoice, O daughter of reign with Christ for a thousand years.

years. Zion: for, lo, I come, and I will dwell On the other hand, what a tragic time

"And cast him into the bottomless in the midst of thee, saith the Lord."it will be for those who fail to qualify.

pit, and shut him up, and set a seal (Zech. 2:10.) Suppose that we should find ourselves

upon him, that he should deceive the Isaiah says, "And they shall build among that group mentioned by John nations no more, till the thousand houses, and inhabit them; and they the Revelator when he said, "But the

years are fulfilled: and after that he shall plant vineyards, and eat the fruit rest of the dead lived not again until

must be loosed [for] a little season."of them. the thousand years were finished...."

(Rev. 20:1-3.) "They shall not build, and another (Rev. 20:5.)

During this millennium, the enmity inhabit; they shall not plant, and A modernday revelation says, "For

among men and beasts will cease. another eat: for as the days of a tree... the Lord shall utter his voice out

Isaiah says, "The wolf also shall dwell are the days of my people, and mine of heaven;... and the earth shall

with the lamb, and the leopard shall elect shall long enjoy the work of their tremble,... and [he] shall say to

lie down with the kid; and the calf hands. the sleeping nations: Ye saints arise

and the young lion and the fatling "They shall not labour in vain, nor and live; ye sinners stay and sleep

together; and a little child shall lead bring forth for trouble; for they are the until I call again."(D&C 43:18.)

them. seed of the blessed of the Lord, and At the end of the seventh 1,000

"And the cow and the bear shall their offspring with them. years, Satan will again be loosed for a

feed; their young ones shall lie down "And it shall come to pass, that belittle season before evil is completely

together; and the lion shall eat straw fore they call, I will answer; and while banished forever. After the millennium

like the ox. they are yet speaking I will hear. the status of the earth will again be

"And the suckling child shall play "The wolf and the lamb shall feed increased to reach its final destiny as a on the hole of the asp, and the weaned together, and the lion shall eat straw celestial sphere on which the elect will child shall put his hand on the cockalike the bullock: and dust shall be the live forever as members of that exalted

trice'den. serpent's meat. They shall not hurt nor order to which God himself belongs.

"They shall not hurt or destroy in destroy in all my holy mountain, saith May God grant us success in this all my holy mountain; for the earth the Lord."(Isa. 65:2125.) greatest of all of earth's enterprises, I

shall be full of the knowledge of the Then men shall no more die and humbly pray in the name of Jesus

Lord as the waters cover the sea."(Isa. sleep in the earth, but they shall be Christ. Amen. O

11:6-9.) Then no one will say that God

is dead, or that his revelations have ceased, or that life has no purpose.

Many years ago Harry Emerson Fosdick wrote an interesting book entitled

It's a Great Time to Be Alive. He

pointed out some of the miracles and wonders that have made our age the most exciting since creation. And yet

the magnificence of this coming 1,000But Ye Have a Custom year period will make our day of wonders and miracles seem like the dark John H. Vandenberg

ages by comparison.

Of course, the Lord is not coming to Presiding Bishop the earth alone. As Paul says, "He will

come with his mighty angels in flaming The story is told of a teacher who had unwittingly disclosed the dishonest fire."(See 2 Thess. 1:7-8.) And many was quizzing her students about the act of his father, and by its repetition

of the righteous dead will then be products being manufactured in a nearhad already erroneously been taught by resurrected and caught up to join the by building. "Who can tell me what example that such an act was all right.

Lord and his company in the air. In is manufactured in that plant?"she Recently a newspaper carried an

speaking of this event, Paul said to the inquired, pointing toward the factory article entitled, "What Is Honesty?"

Thessalonians, "... I would not have visible from the classroom window. The question is akin to "What is

you... ignorant, brethren, concerning Quickly a small lad raised his hand truth?"In this article an inquirer

them which are asleep.... and named a number of products. The wrote: "My husband and I have a

"For... them also which sleep in teacher, amazed at his answer, said, friend whom we have both idolized

Jesus will God bring with him.... "That is correct, but how did you because of his high standards of con-

"For the Lord himself shall descend know?"duct. We have always felt that not

replied easy,"to [as] only did "That's a shout, to persuade others the boy. he try with with heavenfrom "My

there, truly archangel, of the the father live the did 'this works witha voice and and that's life, he good he what trump of God; and the dead in Christ brings home in his lunch pail every himself. He has been an inspiration

shall rise first: night."to us.

"Then we which are alive and reThis may seem humorous, but it "The other day... he remarked,

main shall be caught up together with carries serious consequences; for the boy 'You know, I am not sure I know what

36 Improvement Era honesty is any more.'thou conceived thisthing in thine

"We all felt like gulping with surheart? thou hast not lied unto men,

prise. I do feel that society today... but unto God.

presents a dozen temptations to "And Ananias hearing these words youth.... But is this true also of fell down, and gave up the ghost:...

highly educated, morally motivated, "And the young men arose, wound mature men and women today? him up,... and buried him.

"Is it so difficult to know the differ- "And it was about the space of three ence between right and wrong, honesty hours after, when his wife, not knowing and dishonesty? If so, where are we what was done, came in.

heading?""And Peter answered unto her, Tell

The columnist in response suggests, me whether ye sold the land for so "There is no... need to despair... much? And she said, Yea, for so much.

for he is apparently thinking and try- "Then Peter said unto her, How is ing to choose the right—and, no doubt, it that ye have agreed together to

to do it."(Mary Marker column, tempt the Spirit of the Lord? behold,

Deseret News, March 13, 1967.) the feet of them which have buried thy

Note here the tendency to perceive husband are at the door, and shall everything as relative, suggesting there carry thee out.

is no standard test for honesty or truth. "Then fell she down straightway at

The scriptural definition of truth sughis feet, and yielded up the ghost...."

gests reality and constancy. "... truth (Acts 5:1-10.)

is knowledge of things as they are, and Barnabas'example indicates a wholeas they were, and as they are to come."some state of mind. Without reserva-

(D&C 93:24.) tion he sold his land and gave the full

When we think of honesty, the examount, in honesty; he simply and

pression "Honesty is the best policy"truthfully did what was in his mind quickly comes to mind. Someone has and heart.

wisely challenged this adage by assertBut the state of mind of Ananias and ing: "Honesty isn't the best policy. It his wife Sapphira was the thinking:

isn't any kind of a policy. It is a state "Yes, we believe, we want to belong,

of mind, or else it isn't honesty."Honbut we will only go part way. Peter

esty must be an integral part of a will not know the difference, so we man's every thought and action, to be will hold back some for ourselves."

honesty. History is replete with eviThey simply rationalized that it is

dences of this fact. At Airdrie Branch, Scottish Mission, Latterall right to be dishonest as long as no

Pontius Pilate, the Roman governor, day Saints hear by direct wire messages of one knows. Honesty cannot be comcame face to face with the question their beloved leaders. promised; it requires the full and free

when the excited mob brought to him "... the multitude of them that beconsent of the mind. People who purthe Master and asked Pilate to indict lieved were of one heart and of one sue the course of Ananias and Saphim. Jesus stood before Pilate in the soul:... they had all things comphira, while they may not die as

hall of judgment. "Pilate... said unto mon.... suddenly, will just as surely receive

him, Art thou a king then? Jesus an- "Neither was there any among them the same reward, unless they repent.

swered, Thou sayest that I am a king. that lacked: for as many as were posIt is difficult to believe that men

To this end was I born, and for this sessors of lands or houses sold them, and women have strayed so far from cause came I into the world, that I and brought the prices of the things true values that they need to ask, should bear witness unto the truth. that were sold, "What is honesty?"It is because they

Every one that is of the truth heareth "And laid them down at the aposare allowing the pressures of a material my voice. tles'feet: and distribution was made society to influence them, and thus

"Pilate saith unto him, What is unto every man according as he had their senses become dull.

truth? And when he had said this, need. It may be unwise for me to try to

he went out again unto the Jews, and "And... Barnabas,... a Levite,... set up universal standards of honesty.

saith unto them, I find in him no fault "Having land, sold it, and brought I can do that for myself, as you can at all."(John 18:3738.) the money, and laid it at the apostles'do for yourselves, but the Lord through

And here Pilate stated the truth he feet."(Acts 4:32, 3437.) his prophets has not left this subject

sought. But he added a word that "But a certain man named Ananias, untouched. We can begin with Moses,

many add when they find that honesty with Sapphira his wife, sold a posthrough whom the Lord gave the Ten and truth are to them socially relative session, Commandments, which include "Thou policies and not really integral parts "And kept back part of the price, shalt not steal"and "Thou shalt not of their character. Not willing to adhis wife also being privy to it, and bear false witness."(Exod. 20:1516.)

mit that honesty could stand alone, brought a certain part, and laid it at But they are not alone. Every one of

Pilate added to his truthful declarathe apostles'feet."the commandments requires the correct

tion of the innocence of the Savior the And Peter, perceiving that Ananias state of mind to live honestly andweakening conjunction but—"But ye was viewing honesty only in a socially truthfully. The Lord further comhave a custom..."(John 18:39) acceptable sense and not as an intemanded: "Ye shall not steal, neither

and gave in to the mob. Pilate seems gral part of his character, said: deal falsely, neither lie one to anto have compromised his position "Ananias, why hath Satan filled thine other.

because of public pressure. In this heart to lie to the Holy Ghost, and to "And ye shall not swear by my

respect he was not so different from keep back part of the price of the name falsely....

many today who advocate and pracland? "Thou shalt not defraud thy neightice that which is expedient for them- "Whiles it remained, was it not bour, neither rob him: the wages of

selves. thine own? and after it was sold, was him that is hired....

In the Acts of the Apostles we read: it not in thine own power? why hast "Ye shall do no unrighteousness in

June 1967 37 judgment, in meteyard, in weight, or them from welloff families. The ultiin measure. mate losses extend well beyond the

"Just balances, just weights, a just store. More restrictions are imposed,

ephah, and a just hin, shall ye more conveniences are eliminated, have "(Lev. 19:1113, 3536.) shopping becomes more of a chore.

The prophet King Benjamin said, The problem was summed up in a sign "... remember, that whosoever among spotted by one of Northwestern Nayou borroweth of his neighbor should tional's staffers on a candy vending

return the thing that he borroweth, acmachine: Please be honest—we know

cording as he doth agree, or else thou you can beat the machine. If we conshalt commit sin...."(Mos. 4:28.) tinue to lose money the machine will

Notice that these prophets did not need to be removed, as we cannot add to their statements on honesty any afford to buy another one."(Allan R.

conjunction as did Pilate with his Dodd, Printers'Ink, Vol. 53, No. 11,

truthful statement of the Savior's in- p. 213.)

nocence, which he followed by the An act of dishonesty immediately condemning, "But ye have a cusbrands an individual. He is not to be

tom...."(John 18:39.) trusted any more. His name is marked.

To be honest, to adhere to truth, is His happiness may be ruined. His

not something to be conditioned by the path begins to be strewn with thorns.

situation of the moment. Honesty is How honorable would Pilate have been

the very foundation of character. Dishad he had the courage and state of

honesty takes upon itself many forms, mind to resist that which is not honest.

some of which are the following, all But Pilate lacked courage. Today's

condemned by God: larceny, kidnaptemptations demand the correct state

"Where the World ping, misappropriation, plagiarizing, of mind and courage to resist the cry

Registers"misrepresentation, purloin, swindling, of the mob, which Pilate found too usurping, misleading, embezzlement, much for him. Unless a serious atgraft, lying, concealing, cribbing, extempt is made in the home to teach

Your next trip to Denver—the tortion, falsifying, forging, abscondand practice honesty and implant it in

climate capital of America—ing, trickery, fraud, deceit, infidelity, the minds and characters of our famwill be most memorable when and shoplifting. ilies, grave problems are ahead for us.

parents, dishonest it is reported: such acts by few As to the latter, "The A you stay at the Brown Palace.

is pail as shoplifter, it seems, in a lunch professional taken from an item 600 air conditioned rooms being elbowed aside by swarms of the employer, plant the seed of rationsuites and executive rooms amateurs. So says the Northwestern alization that will destroy true charfive famous restaurants LifepredictsInsurancethat finalCompany,reports forwhich1966 willalso acter.from theThewholeLordman.requiresPlain, allegianceordinary,

complete convention show a new shoplifting record—well simply honesty as was displayed by

accommodations over three billion dollars worth of Barnabas is required to please God.

goods. Leading the amateur looters May we do this I pray, in the name

To expedite your reply, write Dept. IE are juveniles and housewives, most of of Jesus Christ. Amen. o

KARL W. MEHLMANN, General Manager

MEMBER RepresentedROBERT F. WARNERby:

New York City GLENN W. FAWCETT

Los Angeles The Book of Mormon

LeGrand Richards

Of the Council of the Twelve

| When you Mways | We sang as our rest song today "We God restored his truth through the in for to of the thee, heavens, sending opening thank God, a prophet O Zell Zke Zrutk | this I latter in guide in these us days,"messengers forth heavenly and you Don't Have Zo am sure that every Latterday Saint pensation. I love the Church, anddis-I

| feels in his or her heart an echo to love its people.

Kemember What you Said. those words. And after listening to the I thought today that I would like to

message of President McKay this say a few words about the Book of morning, I am sure that there will be Mormon. When I was a boy, in the

DESERET nosuccessfullife norif homewe wouldthat allwouldfollownot hisbe littleasked townin awhereSundayI wasSchoolraised, confer-I was

of three truly is that reciting the the testimony testimony he Lord for my OETUARY counsel and his advice. I thank the ence to lead the Sunday School in

of of true successor truth of witnesses to the the a prophet Book God and a to those preceded impressuch an back Mormon. That him made who have FOR THOUGHT THE MONTH

life Smith, that the Prophet to the I have loved Joseph to whom sion upon my CUT OUT & ADD COLLECTION TO YOUR

38 Improvement Era Book of Mormon ever since. To me it is

the most tangible evidence that we have, aside from the great Church itself, that Joseph Smith was a prophet ofGod. I would like to quote it to you This book can

as nearly as I can recall it:

"BE IT KNOWN unto all nations, kindreds, tongues, and people, unto this shall come: work we, Thatwhom win friends for grace the the Father,through of God

and our Lord Jesus Christ, have seen the plates which contain this record, which is a record of the people ofNephi, and also of the Lamanites, the Church!

their brethren, and also of the people of Jared, who came from the tower of which hath been spoken. And we alsoknow that they have been translated THE

by the gift and power of God, for his I The Mormons Ypraay voice hath declared it unto us; whereLATTER-DAYfore we know of a surety that the

work is true. And we also testify thatwe have seen the engravings which are SAINTS

plates; the have theyupon and been The Mormons the untoshown power of God, us by

of declareand not with man. And we

of soberness, that of Yesterday angelwords an

God came down from heaven, and he brought and laid before our eyes, that and Today we beheld and saw the plates, and the engravings thereon; and we know

that it is by the grace of God the by Robert Mullen

Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ, that we beheld and bear record that these things are true. And it is marvelous $5.95

in our eyes. Nevertheless, the voice of

the Lord commanded us that we should bear record of it; wherefore, to be

obedient unto the commandments of

God, we bear testimony of these things."How could any lover of truth, any Here is a factual and absorbingly written book that man or woman desiring to serve the will make informative reading for members and

Lord as he would like to be served, listen to such a testimony as that and nonmembers alike. Latterday Saints can benefit

then not want to know more about from an increased knowledge of the Church in it, and whether it is true or not? In

addition to that, we have the testioperation throughout the world, and investigators are mony of the eight witnesses to whom given a fair and accurate introduction to the beliefs the Prophet Joseph Smith showed the plates; we have the testimony of and history of Mormonism. The author, Robert Mullen,

the Prophet himself; and we have the is a nonMormon and has written an objective

testimonies of hundreds of thousands of sincere seekers after truth who listen account of the Church that will be especially to the admonition given by Moroni as appreciated by nonmembers. THE LATTERDAY

he closed the records of the Book of

Mormon, when he said: SAINTS is a book that should be in your home, and

"And when ye shall receive these a book that can be confidently given as a gift to things, I would exhort you that ye would ask God, the Eternal Father, in nonmember friends and relatives. THE LATTERDAY

the name of Christ, if these things are SAINTS, price $5.95 is available at most booksellers

not true; and if ye shall ask with a

sincere heart, with real intent, having—if not in stock it will be ordered for you.

faith in Christ, he will manifest the truth of it unto you, by the power of the Holy Ghost."(Moro. 10:4.)

Thousands and hundreds of thousands have put that promise to the test, and the Lord has made good the promise of his prophet as contained in the Book of Mormon. I would like to discuss the Book of *|doubleday

Mormon from a different angle; that

June 1967 39 is, that the Book of Mormon has made He further said that his blessings describe this land of America to which possible the proper interpretation and would prevail above the blessings of the seed of Joseph was led? Let me

understanding of many of the holy his progenitors, and his progenitors refer to this one statement, the first scriptures of the Bible that no theowere Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. Can precious he named: he said, "for the

logian could properly understand or you imagine that God would have in precious things of heaven."I have

explain until the Book of Mormon store for that chosen one blessings thought a lot about that and what it came forth. I take for my first text the greater than those of his progenitors, means. I think it means that their holy

tenth chapter and sixteenth verse of and then not provide that a record prophets would have communion with

John, in which the Savior said to his should be kept of the fulfillment of the heavens so that they could be led

Twelve, "And other sheep I have, those promises unto that great branch and inspired and directed, as we are which are not of this fold: them also of the house of Israel? today, by living prophets at the head

I must bring, and they shall hear my The Book of Mormon tells us where of this Church.

voice; and there shall be one fold, and that land is. It tells us how the Lord It seems incredible that such a promone shepherd."moved upon one, Lehi, and led him ise would be made to Joseph of a new

No theologian could give a proper with his family and others to this land land in the utmost bounds of the interpretation of that statement until of America. He promised them that everlasting hills, with promises greater

the Book of Mormon came forth. It it would be a land choice above all than those of his progenitors, and that

has been thought that he had in mind other lands. He commanded them that there should not be a record kept of

the Gentiles, but he said he had come they should keep records, and for a the fulfillment of those promises. No

only to the lost sheep of the house of period of a thousand years the records other people can tell you where the

Israel. In the Book of Mormon we find were handed down from one prophet land is that the Lord promised to

the record of the Savior's visit to the to another until they were finally Joseph and his posterity. This we learn

Nephites following his resurrection and buried in the earth, waiting to come from the Book of Mormon.

ascension, and that is not an unreaforth in these latter days. That brings us to the command the

sonable thing to understand, because When Moses gave a blessing to the Lord gave to Ezekiel that two records he tarried for forty days with his tribe of Joseph, he described the land should be kept, one for Judah and his disciples in the Holy Land before he that the Lord would give to the decompanions, the house of Israel, and left them. scendants of Joseph, who was separated one for Joseph and his companions, the

He came to the people in this land from his brethren; he used the word house of Israel, and he said:

of America, and he organized his precious five times in just four verses "... the children of thy people shall

Church here. He told his disciples that in describing that land. It is so imspeak unto thee, saying, Wilt thou not

they were the other sheep of whom he portant that I would like to read Moses'shew us what thou meanest by these?

had spoken to his disciples in Jerustatement: "Say unto them, Thus saith the Lord

salem. He said never at any time had "And of Joseph he said, Blessed of God; Behold, I will take the stick of

the Lord commanded him to tell his the Lord, be his land, for the precious Joseph, which is in the hand of disciples who the other sheep were, things of heaven, for the dew, and for Ephraim, and the tribes of Israel his only that he had other sheep that the deep that coucheth beneath, fellows, and will put them with him, were not of that land. He told his "And for the precious fruits brought even with the stick of Judah, and make

disciples here in America that they asforth by the sun, and for the precious them one stick, and they shall be one sumed he had meant the Gentiles, but things put forth by the moon, in mine hand."(Ezek. 37:1819.)

he said that he never went to the "And for the chief things of the anThe stick of Judah is nothing more

Gentiles, that they did not understand cient mountains, and for the precious than the Holy Bible, which has rethat the Gentiles were to be converted things of the lasting hills, mained with the people through the through their preaching. But he said, "And for the precious things of the ages. But the record that had been in

"... behold, ye have both heard my earth and fulness thereof, and for the the hands of Ephraim, who was one

voice, and seen me;... and ye are good will of him that dwelt in the of the sons of Joseph, was to be taken

numbered among those whom the bush [in other words, the Lord who and put with the record of Judah to

Father hath given me."(See 3 Ne. appeared to Moses in a burning bush] make them one in the Lord's hand.

15:2124.) Isn't that a marvelous exlet the blessing come upon the head Why should the world hesitate to acplanation of that glorious statement of Joseph, and upon the top of the cept the word of the Lord and its fulof the Master! Surely it had great sighead of him that was separated from fillment? We have that record, and it

nificance to him, or it would never his brethren."(Deut. 33:1316.) is the record that was kept of the Lord's

have been recorded in the holy Could you describe a land more dealings with his people in this great scriptures. wonderfully, a description that would land of America.

I would now like to refer to the I would like to give you another blessings given to the twelve sons of statement from the Bible that no theoJacob, or Israel. Jacob called his sons A Bridge of Faith logian could understand until the Book

toldtogether and he would them that is from that whichtell them would befall (After reading Alma, Chapter 56) theof Mormontwentyninthcame chapterforth. Thisof Isaiah:

them in the latter days. I will pass By Loray C. Randall "Woe to Ariel, to Ariel, the city

over all of them except Joseph's blesswhere David dwelt! [that was Jeruing. Jacob said that Joseph was a The bridge of time spans a narrow salem, the city where David dwelt]

fruitful bough whose branches would chasm between us; add ye year to year; let them kill

run over the wall (and we have alThey two thousand, and. I—both sacrifices.

ways understood that the wall referred one and legion. "Yet I will distress Ariel, and there

to the great waters); and where was My enemy bears not spear or shall be heaviness and sorrow: and it

he to go over the wall? Unto the utgraven shield, shall be unto me as Ariel."(Isa.

the everlasting of boundsmost hills. But comes in quiet, subtle ways to 29:1-2.) in theologianIs there this world any In other words, Isaiah not only saw bid me stray. everlasting tell us those can where final thewho destruction of Jerusalem, but

hills are to which the Lord, through I answer him as did the sons of he also saw the destruction of another the father of Joseph, promised Joseph Helaman; great center; that great center was here

that he and his people would go? God will deliver me if I doubt not. in America. No theologian could de40 Improvement Era

termine where that other center was until the Book of Mormon came forth.

Then Isaiah adds, "And I will camp against thee round about, and will lay siege against thee with a mount, and I will raise forts against thee.

"And thou shalt be brought down, and shalt speak out of the ground, and thy speech shall be low out of the dust, and thy voice shall be, as of one that hath a familiar spirit, out of oneLAMDof the soundest of investments the ground, and thy speech shall whisper out of the dust."(Isa. 29:3-4.)

No theologian could understand that of Isaiah until the statement Book of The record of forth. I will readMormon came Now

you from the Book of Mormon the explanation: progress at Utah's

"After my seed and the seed of my shall brethren have dwindled in uninviting Silver shall been smitten have belief, and by the Gentiles; yea, after the Lord

shall against haveGod them camped siege Creek is your laid about,round shall have and against them with a mount, and raised forts against them; and after they shall assurance ofhave been brought down low in the

dust, even that they are not, yet the words of the righteous shall be written, outstanding growth and the prayers of the faithful shall be heard, and all those who havedwindled in unbelief shall not be forpotential gotten. "For those who shall be destroyed shall speak unto them out of the So many and so desirable are the advantages of land ownership at their shallground, speech and be low Silver Creek that of the original 3,200 acres—they're 80% sold out! shall dust, their voiceout of the and

be as one that hath a familiar spirit; Over 300 happy owners share a huge, 5-story 200,000gallon water

for the Lord God will give unto him storage tank with 4,000 feet of water pipeline already installed; 11

power, that he may whisper concerning miles of allweather roads completed in the residential areas. Some

them, of the ground; even as it were out

... others in the planshall out of homes are already built or under construction speechand their whisper

the dust. ning stages. AND... with the contract for the Interstate 80 Freeway

"For thus saith the Lord God: They Interchange scheduled to be awarded in July, your property investshall shall write things the which be ment can only head in one direction—and that's UP!done they shall them, be and among

written sealed in book, a and and up just "purchasepurcnase pricep f inthose unbelief have dwindled who nn fullfu 4 r* Spacious $ 34shall to for seek they not them, have 00 "own per month 2y2acre lots thingsdestroy of the Ne. God."(2 $3,150 41 $ 31

26:1517.) Now isn't that a wonderful explanaUp tO 8 years tO pay. (Property subject to prior sales. Price subject to change without notice.)

tion of that passage in Isaiah? Nobody

could given explanation have an like Write or phone today for more information about Silver Creek. untilthat of the Book Mormon came

forth; it states here that it shall be

sealed up and come forth out of the Silver Creek dust. In that same chapter in which Corporation,

Isaiah tells about the destruction of

P. O. 1537 Rockport BoxAriel center, this other and he says, Lake

City, Salt vision of all Lake"... the unto is become

you as the words of a book that is Utah 84110 sealed, which to one men deliver that Phone 3636100.

is learned, saying, I pray Read this, thee: and he saith, I cannot; for it is Drive up Parley's

sealed."(Isa. 29:11.) Canyon (U.S. 40/

You know how literally that was ful- 1-80) to Silver filled when Martin Harris took some of the characters copied from the plates Creek Estates from which the Book of Mormon was office on property translated to one Professor Anthon in at Silver Creek

New York; after Professor Anthon had Junction.

Salesman there daily.

June 1967 41 given a certificate indicating that the of the mountains, and I think that the the old Jerusalem in the Holy Land.

translation was genuine, he asked that temple on this block is the very house (Eth. 13:2-3.)

the records be brought to him that he of the God of Jacob that Isaiah was Brothers and sisters, just think how might translate them. Martin told him privileged to see. He knew that the these truths so completely evidence the

that they were sealed, and. he answered Jews would be gathered back to the fact that the Prophet Joseph's story and

in practically the same words recorded land of their inheritance, for the scripthe Book of Mormon are true. I bear

in Isaiah, "I cannot read a sealed tures are replete that when Jesus shall you my witness that the Book of Morbook."come and visit them, they will ask: mon is true, that it is the one tangible

How can you fit all these things "What are these wounds in thine evidence that Joseph Smith was truly together and imagine that it was the hands? Then he shall answer, Those a prophet, for no man nor body of men

thinking of the mind of young Joseph with which I was wounded in the could have written such a book as that

Smith, at the time the Book of Morhouse of my friends."(Zech. 13:6.) without the divine help of God, the

mon was published, if this isn't the The Church was to be established here, Eternal Father. I know it is true. I

work of God, the Eternal Father? As and the law to go forth from here, know it is part of God's great "marvelIsaiah said, the Lord has declared the and the word of the Lord from Jeruous work and a wonder,"and that

end from the beginning: salem. promise is in the same chapter about

"The grass withereth, the flower I will now add one more thought Ariel and the sealed records, where he fadeth: but the word of our God shall concerning another great truth that is said that he would proceed to do a

stand for ever."(Isa. 40:8.) revealed through the Book of Mormon marvelous work and a wonder, and

There is another great principle that and that is not understood in the that the wisdom of their wise men was made plain by the coming forth of scriptures by the theologians; that is the would perish and the understanding

the Book of Mormon that no one could promise mentioned by Brother Sill of their prudent men would be hid.

understand until then; that is the fact concerning the new heaven. John saw (Isaiah 29.) That is The Church of

that there were to be two gathering the new Jerusalem let down from Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

places for the Lord's children. All heaven. (See Rev. 21:1-3, 1011.) The This is my testimony to you: that

through the scriptures, after the diviworld has never understood that there this Church is built upon the foundasion of Israel into two great kingdoms, were two Jerusalems. They did not tion that Paul declared of apostles and

there were the kingdom of Judah and know anything about the new Jeruprophets, with Christ our Lord as the the kingdom of Israel; the kingdom of salem, or where it was, or why it should chief cornerstone (Eph. 2:20), and

Israel was scattered among the nations, come down from heaven. But we that through his living prophet today,

and the world does not understand read in the Book of Mormon the words Christ the Lord is directing his kingthat there should be two gathering of Ether, who tells us that this is the dom; it shall continue to roll forth as

places. They think that Israel will all land of the new Jerusalem, and that it the prophets have foretold until it

be gathered back to Jerusalem and the would be established upon this land. shall become as a great mountain and

Holy Land. Yet the scriptures in the Then he goes on to tell how the new fill the whole earth.

Book of Mormon make so plain that Jerusalem would come down from I bear you that witness in the name when the Lord provided this land of heaven, and that this would not be of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. o

America for the descendants of Joseph, the new Jerusalem should be built Thursday Afternoon Session, April 6, 196/ upon this land and that this should be the land of the gathering of many descendants of Joseph.

There isn't time to go into all the scriptures, but you remember when the

Angel Moroni appeared to the Prophet

Joseph three times during the night and again the next morning, he quoted The Pangs of Unlearning the eleventh chapter of Isaiah, wherein

Isaiah said the Lord would set his hand Delbert L. Stapley

again the second time to gather scattered Israel, and that he would bring in Of the Council of the Twelve the dispersed of Judah and would set up an ensign unto the nations. (See Recently, I read a talk, given by a tain by living strictly within the frameIsa. 11:1112.) Thus there were to be doctor to a convention of medical men, work and spirit of the gospel of Jesus

two great gathering places. entitled "The Pangs of Unlearning."Christ.

Again, when Isaiah saw the latter He called attention to the discoveries The word unlearn as here used does days, he said, 'And it shall come to through research of new drugs and imnot mean a casting aside of eternal pass in the last days, that the mounproved treatments that require much truths and everlasting knowledge.

tain of the Lord's house shall be unlearning by physicians and surgeons, Rather, it means altering our habits of established in the top of the mountains, because many former practices and behavior so as to live more in harmony and shall be exalted above the hills; medicines do not best serve the inwith God's will. It reflects a desire

and all nations shall flow unto it. terests of today's patients. A doctor and a willingness to keep pace with

"And many people shall go and say, friend of mine significantly stated that upto-date knowledge gained through

Come ye, and let us go up to the mounthe majority of medical services pracresearch (as well as inspiration and tain of the Lord, to the house of the ticed ten years ago are obsolete today. revelation), which provides advanced

God of Jacob; and he will teach us of This talk challenged my interest, as I learning, new methods, and techniques

his ways, and we will walk in his envisioned updated learning, reorientto replace the less effective or obsolete.

paths: for out of Zion shall go forth the ing, and retraining as applying to the Are we faithful and obedient enough

law, and the word of the Lord from pattern of our own lives. in the Church to accept authorized

Jerusalem."(Isa. 2:2-3.) I should like to share with you some changes that represent improvement

He knew there would be two great of my thoughts on this subject of unand growth?

gathering places. He knew that Israel learning and the possible personal The wonderful, complex instrument

would be gathered here in these valleys improvement each individual can atfor registering our experiences that we

42 Improvement Era call the mind gathers a maze of data ordinances, because these gospel verito be sifted, analyzed, and appraised. ties never change. God's laws are imIn such a process some data will be mutable and endure forever. By

found useful and some without value. increasing our learning, however, we

In the latter case, what shall be done become acquainted with additional with such material? truths and higher laws referred to in

It would be well, of course, if it scripture as truth, light, spirit, and the could be thrown away, like refuse, and mysteries of godliness. A scientist freforgotten altogether. That, however, is quently forsakes theory he has learned

quite out of the question, as the Master because research uncovers advanced so clearly illustrated in his parable of knowledge that changes or makes the wheat and the tares. And no way obsolete some former concepts but does

has, as yet, been discovered by which not eliminate basic principles. The

we may press a button or turn a switch sciences are subject to constant change.

and have that which is of no value to This is true also in technological adour learning cast aside automatically. vances, where we forsake the old and

That which is learned, the useful and accept the new improved methods of the seemingly unuseful alike, memory performance that have advanced our retains. civilization tremendously.

What, then, can be done as our While all this advancement takes learning process grows and expands place in our modern world, we cannot and memory retains the good and the afford to forsake or discard the teachnot good that have been accumulated ings and revelations of God. People

there? The simplest answer to such a brought up in a religious faith that

question would be "unlearn the not does not teach the true doctrines of good."We are then faced with the next Christ, regardless of how sincere they

question, "How can that be done?"may be, must unlearn much of what

The answer is not so simple nor so they were taught and accept the new easy. It involves many matters and light and way to obtain salvation and

requires earnest, prayerful consideraglory. Because the children of Israel

tion. In the first place, the primary law had gone astray and were so steeped in

of intelligent life, free agency, or the the faith and tradition of their fathers, personal power to exercise judgment they were unable to unlearn the law should be made operative. With that given for their temporal benefit, for

of the complicated relay system set spiritual to Controls in motion, the the the good higher and lawpower brought conference. for general

personally be determined. Christ.not Yet even good them They by the may

here man on his own may not be perthus failed to recognize the Christ and all baptisms are acceptable unto fect in judgment. One needs to be when he was sent of God, the Father, God. There is only one true mode of

humble in spirit, contrite of heart, to live among them. It was Christ who baptism, and that is immersion. Only

ready in prayer, as was the Master, came to fulfill the lesser law and to men who hold the appropriate priesteven though he was perfect. By such reveal to them the higher law of his hood office and are divinely called and

means one is entitled to the promptgospel. Jesus was put to death because ordained can efficaciously perform this

ings and guidance of the Holy Ghost, his own people of the house of Israel holy ordinance in the gospel and know so necessary when one is on the road could not unlearn and prepare themthat it is acceptable to God and that a of periectness, yet needing to "unselves to receive him, their Jehovah, record will be made of it on earth as learn"that which is not good. Savior, and God. well as in heaven.

Another factor important in the The peoples of the world must un- I sincerely testify that as all memprocess of learning and unlearning is learn the idea that all churches are bers of Christ's Church progress toward that of attitude. Some of us need to acceptable unto God. Some teach that perfection they will enjoy increased

unlearn personal attitudes that are it doesn't matter which road one takes knowledge and clearer vision of God's contrary and resistant to gospel teach- (meaning which church one belongs plans and purposes. They will also

ings and requirements. Certain attito), since all roads, it is claimed, lead have some unlearning to do, not betudes are destructive to true character. back to the presence of God. This cause basic truths, standards, and

They inhibit growth. If allowed to premise does not accord with the teachprinciples change, but because new

develop, they may produce disastrous ings of the scriptures. methods and techniques are employed

consequences. Negative, cynical, and Christ did not accept any of the to achieve greater and more wideother kindred attitudes are dangerous churches of his day to supply the spread improved performance and

to faith, hope, humility, righteous framework for his earthly kingdom. He spiritual results.

desires, and high purpose, which taught, "Neither do men put new wine Now, to support this thought, I quote virtues are essential to the discovery into old bottles: else the bottles break, from the teachings of the Prophet Joand retention of that which is best in... but they put new wine into new seph Smith: "We consider that God

the learning process and of "unlearnbottles, and both are preserved."(Matt. has created man with a mind capable

ing"the undesirable in life. One 9:17.) For the same reason the organiof instruction, and a faculty which may

should, therefore, be well aware of the zation of his Church and the gospel of be enlarged in proportion to the heed many types of attitudes present in daily his kingdom could not fit into the and diligence given to the light comliving. framework of the existing churches. municated from heaven to the intelWe sometimes wonder why people They were false and unsuited to lect; and that the nearer man

behave as they do. Perhaps it is because Christ's needs and purpose. The idenapproaches perfection, the clearer are

they are unwilling to unlearn the tical condition was also true in this his views, and the greater his enjoyreasons for their unwarranted behavior. dispensation when God restored the ments, till he has overcome the evils

Now, I do not want you to think I am gospel and his kingdom through his of his life and lost every desire for sin;

advocating the unlearning of eternal divinely called servant, Joseph Smith. and like the ancients, arrives at that

truths, principles, standards, ideals, and Man must unlearn the idea that any point of faith where he is wrapped in

June 1967 43 the power and glory of his Maker, and is caught up to dwell with him. But

we consider that this is a station to which no man ever arrived in a moment; he must have been instructed in

the government and laws of that kingdom by proper degrees, until his mind is capable in'some measure of comprehending the propriety, justice, equality, and consistency of the same.... [and]

that it is necessary for men to receive an understanding concerning the laws of the heavenly kingdom, before they are permitted to enter it: we mean the

celestial glory."(Documentary History

of the Church, Vol. 2, page 8.)

Nevertheless, people become too complacent and satisfied with what they have. It is most difficult for them

to unlearn and accept the better way.

It is also difficult for some members of the Church to unlearn and give up less effective methods of doing things for greatly improved programs planned to build increased spirituality, faith, and testimony to perfect the Saints of

God. The Church programs are constantly being strengthened and perfected to meet the challenge of the

growing, progressive needs of its members.We hear much these days about

Church correlation, which is an important step forward in promoting a Listening to conference on car radio in motor company showroom at Price, Utah, are roundedout educational understanding Rue/ Redd, Stewart Snow, John Burton.

of all that pertains to God's latterday kingdom. The lesson outlines are preDo some of us need to reevaluate tered daily, isn't it wise for us to be

pared by the Church correlation comwhat constitutes proper observance of more faithful in keeping in contact mittee and are adapted to meet the the Word of Wisdom? Are we becomwith our God? Wouldn't it be wise

needs of the members of each Church ing too liberal in our personal interpreto unlearn some of our feelings, habits, organization. This prevents any overtation and application of this law? The and doings that prevent us from enjoylapping in study courses, which proApostle Paul counseled: "Abstain from ing the sweet companionship of the

duce wellinformed doctrinal and all appearance of evil."(1 Thess. 5:22.) Holy Ghost to guide and direct us in

Church history students who can inHere again, we can unlearn and resolve our personal lives? Many brethren entelligently give an answer and reason to stay strictly on the Lord's side of this dowed with the Holy Priesthood should

for the hope within them. Correlation law and be safe and at peace with ourunlearn a complacent approach to the

of Church organizations, lesson mateselves. duties and responsibilities attendant to

rial, and coordination of activities will Can we justify a partial payment to this holy power. The Lord has counincrease effectiveness and strength in the tithing fund as an honest accountseled that every priesthood bearer is to

the lives of members, both young and ing with the Lord on his law of the "learn his duty, and to act in the office old. tithe? Shouldn't we be honest with in which he is appointed, in all diliParents must unlearn the leaving of him and unlearn any wrongful pracgence."(D&C 107:99.) Slothfulness in

all gospel teaching to the organizations tices to fully meet the obligation and one's duty isn't acceptable to the Lord.

of the Church, when the prime reconditions of this law? He further requires that men must

sponsibility for the teaching of children Man must unlearn his changing "do many things of their own free rests upon the home. If home evenings liberal attitude toward sex that miniwill, and bring to pass much righteousare not held or are poorly planned, mizes the sacredness of sex behavior ness."(D&C 58:27.)

children and parents are denied the and opens the way for licentious living. There is unlearning to do to adjust

wholesome association and companion- I proclaim with all the power of my from the previous ward teaching proship of one another. This condition being that God's seventh commandgram to the present home teaching

requires a change of attitude and an ment to the children of Israel through plan to Church families. The new

updated learning to enjoy the blessMoses, "Thou shalt not commit adulplan is much superior to the older ings of this choice family experience. tery,"is a law as binding upon man method and has far greater potential

The Church program planned for these today as then. Adultery is one of the foreffective results.

occasions is ideal and can, with some most abominable sins in the sight of This can also be said of new proimagination, be adapted to every famthe Lord (Alma 39:5), and forbidden grams in other fields of church service,

ily need. Parents should unlearn the by our God. (See D&C 42:24; Exod. such as genealogy, temple work, stake

ineffective methods of dealing with 20:14.) Those who willfully violate missions, education of youth.

their children, finding more effectual this law must pay God's penalty, which Failure to accept and follow wholeways; then children will feel free to is denial to the celestial kingdom. (1 heartedly the counsel and example of

discuss and counsel with parents about Cor. 6:9-10.) our leader in moral, ethical, and spirithe intimate, delicate, and confidential If prayers are not a regular practice tual matters does not produce harmony

matters that concern them. in the home and personal prayers utbut disharmony. It also places one in

44 Improvement Era the position of pitting one's knowledge Church on ethical, moral, and politirighteous interference and unjust conand learning against that which God cal principles or standards that have to trols, his religious life will suffer, has inspired or revealed through his do with the rights and welfare of man. because the climate in which religion

anointed servant. Some question the Who is able to speak more clearly and should flourish becomes restricted and

right of the Church through its leader authoritatively on such matters? If man untenable.

to speak up and let the world know loses his Godgiven right of agency, The Savior taught many truths durand understand the position of the freedom, and ethical practices by uning his ministry upon the earth; but

men were offended by his teachings and reviled against him, for their * heartswere notwereattunednot right,to andhis. theirAlthoughspirits

many stood against him, he was right

Richard L. Evans and they were wrong. Was not his

atoning sacrifice for the purpose of sinful his to unlearn helping man The Spoken Word like us grow up within ways, which the tares among the wheat? We must

The Power of Prevention moreunlearnlikeallourdross,Redeemerthat weand mightour Eterbe nal Father.

In this present day many need to should like to turn for a moment or two to the power of unlearn unorthodox teachings and prevention. It seems sometimes that we spend too much of improper standards and to humble

as it were, in sackcloth themselves, andWeour lives putting out fires—too much time running to meet

us ashes. All of should make a peremergencies—too much time attempting to fix things that shouldn't have sonal evaluation and determine where

happened. We cannot expect perfection in people, and in using the we can profitably unlearn false

freedom God has given us, we all make mistakes. But it would seem opinionsduty is toandconditionerroneousourselvesteachings.toOurbe

that we would learn more from the long experience of mankind, more more valuable in promoting the work from knowing the laws of cause and consequence, and more of the of God's kingdom. Freedom does not

power of prevention. It may be that we use this power more than we conformistslicense contentionto supplantnor approveGod's waysnonsometimes suppose, because prevention doesn't always receive the same with their own. The Lord proclaimed

notice as does meeting an emergency. We seldom hear about the ship to Isaiah: "For my thoughts are not

that doesn't sink, or the aircraft that doesn't crash, or the safe journey your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways, saith the Lord.

home on the highway, or the boy who doesn't go astray, or the surgery "For as the heavens are higher than that isn't necessary, or the epidemic that doesn't develop. And certainly the earth, so are my ways higher than

thoughts than your your ways, and mywe don't hear about the fire that doesn't get started, nor much about (Isa. 55:8-9.) thoughts."

the commandment that isn't broken, because the person who quietly Perhaps this statement will cause us and consistently lives his life, keeping peace with his neighbors, being to remember how small we are in faithful to his family, being respectful of law, isn't so likely to have his comparison to our God, who is allknowing and allpowerful. The Lord

name in headlines. In this sense it is a blessed thing to keep out of the taught Moses a great lesson in this

news, and to live, if not anonymously, at least not negatively. It is good regard. After he had shown Moses by

to turn back from error, to seek to make amends for mistakes, to save vision the workmanship of his hands, he withdrew from Moses, and his glory life, to relieve suffering after the accident, to help people back to health, was not upon him. Moses was left

to make repairs after damage is done. And great credit, great praise, unto himself, and he fell unto the

a great debt is due those who meet emergencies, those who rise to crises, earth exhausted. It was many hours

before he again received his natural those who courageously and constructively rush from wreck to wreck, strength, and when he did, he humbly from fire to fire; those who help to undo damage already done. But said: "Now for this cause I know that

along with the power to repair, along with the power to repent, along man is nothing, which thing I never with the will to make amends, let us not lose sight also of the power hadcounselsupposed."should remind(Mosesall 1:10.)of us toThisbe

to prevent, which, while less dramatic, is less costly in money and in meek and contrite of spirit.

men and is more contributive to health and happiness. Personally and As we advance toward perfection,

as a people, we should watch the warning signs, watch the symptoms, thereour understandingwill be higher andlawsbenefitrevealedthatto and not wait for the breaking point, not wait until something has prowill replace those of a lower order.

gressed so far that it must be met with drastic measures. We should seek This truth was first taught to Adam

to learn to live not from crisis to crisis, but by thoughtful, prayerful theand LordEve ingavethe themgardentwoof choices:Eden, when(1)

foresight, with the power of prevention. not to partake of the forbidden fruit;

and (2) to multiply and replenish the earth, which choices call for obedience *"The Spoken Word"from Temple, to a lesser law or a higher one. They

Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadchose to fulfill the higher law. Again,

casting System April 16, 1967. Copyright 1967. when the Savior sojourned among men,

he replaced a lesser law, which Moses,

June 1967 45 his servant, had given to the children the Holy Ghost to help us choose of the South Sea islands. After meetof Israel, with the higher law of the wisely and with faithful assurance, ing only a few hours with Elder

gospel, his plan of life and salvation. that we, without question, are always Thomas S. Monson, Elder Paul H.

Therefore, as we progress in righteouson the Lord's side of every question. Dunn, and the mission presidents,

ness and truth, we will come in contact I leave you my witness and my testiagain the course was clear. Now we

with higher laws previously unknown mony, brothers and sisters, to the truthhave a manager in this area, and a that, when revealed, all of us must fulness of this work. I know this is building has been leased. The preaccept and obey to perfect ourselves God's restored kingdom and that it is paratory work to translate the Church

and become more like our God and his here for the blessing and for the salvaliterature into Samoan, Tongan, and

Son, Jesus Christ. When that goal is tion of his children. God bless us to so Tahitian is moving forward at full

achieved, we will again be in their live, I pray in the name of Jesus Christ. speed. Of course,.all of this is under

presence and glory. God bless us with Amen. O the direction of the First Presidency

and those members of the Twelve responsible for these areas of the world.

As we have met with the translation personnel in the various countries, I have marveled at their unusual talents.

Translating is a very exacting work, requiring considerable training and much

And the Gospel Must First Be Published concentration.familiar with Justa particularbecause someonelanguageis

does not mean he can translate into

Victor L. Brown that language. Each translation applicant is given a thorough test, which he

Of the Presiding Bishopric must pass before he can begin to work with us. Many who would like to do

In recent days, it has been my privicarrying out this assignment. During this work cannot because they are not

lege to walk on the shores of the Sea of these past two years, many faith - sufficiently well trained. There are

Galilee where Jesus, speaking to two promoting and inspiring events have many words and terms in English that fishermen, Simon and Andrew, said: taken place. May I share some with cannot be translated directly into other

"Come ye after me, and I will make you. languages. The translator must have

you to become fishers of men."(Mark In approaching such an assignment, the ability to transfer the author's

1:17.) one first begins by developing an ormeaning from one language and culAs I stood on the Mount of Olives, ganization. This involves people. It is ture to another with an absolute minilooking toward Jerusalem, I recalled my conviction that the Lord has mum of distortion. This is most

that on this same mount, the Master touched the hearts and the lives of difficult. It is even difficult sometimes

instructed Peter, James, John, and Anmen and women in many lands who to be sure one understands the author's drew as to the future of the world, even have been preparing for such a work, intent in English.

as to his second coming. He told them and then he has led us to them. Take, for instance, the translator

of wars and rumors of wars, of terrible As Brother J. Thomas Fyans, the who received a Relief Society lesson

calamities that would befall nations, director of the overall organization, and for translation. In the lesson was a

kingdoms, and peoples before the Son I have traveled over the world, carryrecipe calling for "Chicken of the of Man would come in clouds of great ing out our assignment, we have Sea."Every Relief Society sister knows

power and glory. marveled at what has taken place. that "Chicken of the Sea"is a brand

Another statement Mark attributes We traveled to one distant land, not of tuna fish—that is, every sister in

to the Savior on this same occasion having an idea as to the course of the United States. The translator

took on new meaning for me. He action that would be necessary. Within checked her encyclopedia and other

said: "And the gospel must first be two or three hours after meeting with reference books. She checked the lipublished among all nations."(Mark the mission presidents involved, our brary and university. Finally, in

13:10.) course of action was as clear as though desperation, she translated "Chicken of

Approximately two years ago, the we had spent weeks of analysis. We the Sea"as "hen of the ocean."

First Presidency of the Church directed were able to appoint a manager and Here is what one of our wonderful the Presiding Bishopric to establish a initiate the work within a matter of Danish translators has to say about translation, publishing, and distribuhours after our arrival. translating work in the Church:

tion organization, with the charge that One of the mission presidents said, "I should like to tell you just a fracSpanish-speaking members of the "We are ready for a stake in our mistion of what you ought to know when

Church in Mexico, Central America, sion, but it cannot be accomplished asked to translate MIA books. You

and South America were to receive until your program is in operation."have to be a dancing master, beauty

the literature and materials of the The program is in operation. The specialist, choir director; and you have

Church in their own language and first stake in South America was orto know something about sports and that they were to receive them at the ganized under the direction of Elders athletics. You should be a chemist or

same time they were received by the Spencer W. Kimball and Franklin D. a druggist. You should be an educated

members of the Church in the center Richards, May 1, 1966, in Sao Paulo, musician. You ought to know somestakes. Brazil. thing about baking, cooking, gardening,

Shortly thereafter, Portuguese and Within the last few weeks, a simiarranging of flowers; something about

the languages of western Europe—Finlar experience has taken place in singing, acting, first aid, and puppet

nish, Swedish, Norwegian, Danish, another area of the world. Several shows.

Dutch, German, French, and Italian weeks ago, as we traveled to New "You have to know as much as poswere included. And now in recent Zealand to meet with the mission sible of Church organizations and of

days, Samoan, Tahitian, and Tongan presidents of the South Pacific, we had how the different auxiliaries are orhave been added. no idea asto the means for the soluganized and how they work. In some

Bishop Vandenberg asked that I reption to the literature problems of the cases, you will have to call the minresent the Presiding Bishopric in Church in the nonEnglish languages istry of education, the airport, the fire

46 Improvement Era service, a domestic science college, the now prepared to serve Finland, SweOur associates, both at home and

Olympic games committee, and the den, Norway, and Denmark. In abroad, are motivated by the desire

inspector of business. You have to Liege, Belgium, service is being proto be anxiously engaged in this great

know about weights and measures and vided for all Frenchand Dutchcause, for as we contemplate the 90th of the different expressions used by speaking members of the Church. Section of the Doctrine and Covenants,

lawyers, and so forth. Frankfurt, Germany, is providing 11th verse, we realize the Lord is

"You must know the scriptures, and service to the German and Italian speaking of our day. He says: "For it

it is good if you know Shakespeare's members; Sao Paulo, Brazil, to the shall come to pass in that day, that

works almost by heart, because you Portuguese: Mexico City, to the Spanevery man shall hear the fulness of the

will often find quotations or citations ish. Auckland, New Zealand, will gospel in his own tongue, and in his

without any references. You must be soon be in operation, providing services own language...."

able to know where to find a quotato Samoa, Tonga, and Tahiti. We feel this work is a literal fulfilltion, if it belongs to the Bible, the In each case, we are convinced that ment of prophecy. We are deeply

Book of Mormon, Doctrine and Covespecial men, with particular training grateful for the great privilege of being nants, or Pearl of Great Price, and also and abilities, have been called. Time a small part in making it possible for

if it is written by Matthew, John, or after time, I have heard such comments many thousands to hear the fullness

Paul."as this: "Now, we finally know why of the gospel in their own language.

Another of our translators received we moved here,"or, "I know my trainIf I interpret the scriptures correctly, the songbook The Children Sing to be ing over the years has been to prepare all of this is to the end "that his kingtranslated into German. Music is me to accomplish this work."These dom may go forth upon the earth, that

most difficult to translate, and The and many other comments have come the inhabitants thereof may receive it,

Children Sing is no exception. In this from our associates. Most of them and be prepared for the days to come,

case, however, the translator could not have been members of the Church for in the which the Son of Man shall write fast enough to keep up with the less than five years. come down in heaven, clothed in the

flow of words as they came to her. All of this work is being accombrightness of his glory, to meet the

There was no doubt in her mind as plished under the direction of the First kingdom of God which is set up on to the source of her inspiration. Presidency and the Council of the the earth."(D&C 65:5.)

One example of devotion was maniTwelve. It is possible today because of It is my witness, my brothers and

fest in the life of a lovely sister who the great correlation program that is sisters, that God lives, that Jesus Christ recently passed away. She had just going forth in the Church. I think it will come again, and that there is

completed translating the book Jesus would be almost impossible without much to be done before he comes. In

the Christ into Swedish, her native correlation. the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. o

tongue. Her manuscript was typewritten. This does not seem unusual

until we are made aware of the fact that she was almost totally paralyzed and was so crippled that she pressed one key at a time with a rubberpointed stick. You can imagine the thousands

of times this stick held in her gnarled hand had to be depressed on a typewriter key to record the teachings of Loyalty Among All Nations this book in her native language.

There are many other stories, some Henry D. Taylor

humorous, some serious, all examples of devotion and faith. Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

It might be well to indicate in general the materials to be translated. Of Most persons in the world today are if he would have peace within himself

course, the standard works have been striving for recognition. They want to and be loyal to himself. The wise

translated into many languages. They be respected and have the world look man Shakespeare expressed the thought

will be done in others as the First up to them. They would like to feel in these words:

directs. that are theyPresidency approved Other needed. and wanted They thine true, "To self be own to translated. Material to will loved. asbooks wish be strong be As

follow, as this And it must the night the is, unified the in desire Presidentappear monthly July has emphaMcKay day, is sized today. that being there is a virtue worked on thatmagazine exceeds

canst not false to then be Thou any that loved, being programs been have taught: The when he "To man."for trustedcorrelated Englishspeaking the is a greater be compliment than

I, sc. (Hamlet, Act 3.) teaching,Saints, to family loved."such be as home

home evening, Melchizedek Priesthood, A person in whom trust can be Many centuries ago the Lord taught

Aaronic Priesthood, and the Relief placed is one who must be loyal, steadthe children of Israel through Moses

Society lessons, will be available in fast, and dependable. Before he can that if they wished to have their days

the Latin American and European be loyal to others, he must first be prolonged upon the earth, they would languages on September 1, 1967, which loyal to himself. honor their father and their mother.

is the date they will also be introduced Our Heavenly Father has granted That was wise counsel, and still apin the English language. man the privilege of making decisions, plies to us today. In honoring our

Once these materials have been the right to choose between good and parents, it is contemplated that we will translated, they must be printed and evil; the glorious principle of free be obedient and loyal to them.

distributed to the officers, teachers, agency. A person living a wholesome, As the Lord made known to the

and members of the Church. Six clean life may have the Spirit of the Church through revelation in the year

printing and distribution centers have Lord in making his choices and de1831, he charged the brethren to be been established to accomplish this cisions. He must remain firm, steadloyal to their wives. These are his

phase of the work. fast, and unwavering in the decisions words: "Thou shalt love thy wife with

In Copenhagen, Denmark, we are he has made and considers to be right, all thy heart, and shalt cleave unto

June 1967 47 her and none else."(D&C 42:22.) Yet

there are some who have not followed the counsel of the Lord and who have allowed their affections and loyalties to stray into forbidden paths. Separation, divorce, and heartache have been

the result of such disobedience.

Through obedience, we have been privileged to come to this earth and to enjoy the many wonderful opportunities and blessings that come to us here in mortal life. People are born

and live in many different lands and countries. The Lord has decreed that

we shall be loyal to the country in which we dwell and will abide by the laws of the land, as long as those laws are founded upon just principles. Loyalty to country is an admirable

quality.

Upon man has been placed the responsibility of preparing himself, so that he can earn a livelihood for his wife and his family. He may establish his own business and provide work

for himself, or he may seek and secure employment from others. As he works

he comes to realize the satisfaction and happiness that comes from useful and productive labor. Loyalty to his

employer is fundamental to his conscience and peace of mind. One has

aptly pointed out: "Loyalty consists in

giving faithful allegiance and untiring Excitement was high in Esbjerg, Denmark, as Latterday Saints listened for first time to service to the concern that furnishes general conference in their native tongue.

you with bread and butter. It consists in working during business hours to the memory of the Savior and his the Prophet Joseph, who believed in

and after business hours and before teachings. him, not only as a man and a Prophet,

business hours for the best interests of Judas Iscariot learned through torand in the gospel principles he taught, your concern. It consists in doing ment and remorse the bitter lesson followed his successors, Brigham Young

everything within your power to figure that can come from disloyalty, when and the Twelve, westward, where Brigout some new idea and some new he betrayed the Master for 30 pieces of ham Young and the brethren rose to method that will advance the interests silver. Disloyalty to righteousness refame and founded a great commonof your employer."Knox 117 sults in unhappiness. wealth.

A feeling of loyalty may not be If loyalty is misapplied, or even if When Joseph was thrust in prison at apparent immediately. It may take it is given to an evil cause or person, Carthage, at his side was his everloyal

time to develop and strive for, through the result will be evil. Satan and his and faithful elder brother, Hyrum.

experiences, the necessary courage to rebellious hosts are zealous and loyal, Joseph knew and had predicted that display the kind of loyalty we would but to an evil cause. Ungodlike and his life would not be spared. He had

hope for. unchristianlike communistic forces are attempted to dissuade Hyrum from

When the Savior told Peter, one of active in the world today, attempting accompanying him. But Hyrum, with

his beloved associates and companions, to impose their will on others, which a strong conviction in his heart that that before the night was ended and is an unrighteous cause. To follow his brother was the Prophet, called by

the cock would crow, he would deny them can bring only sorrow and the Lord, loyally insisted on sharing

Christ three times, Peter was astondisaster. the trials and dangers, even though

ished, and inwardly might have been There is also a danger in being over it would mean the giving of his own indignant, as he cried out: "Though loyal to an individual, rather than to life. His love for and allegiance to

I should die with thee, yet will I not the cause such a one represents. Lyman his younger brother is a heartwarming

deny thee."(Matt. 26:35.) NevertheWight was a devoted friend and assoexample of true loyalty. In a tribute

less, three times during the long night, ciate of the Prophet Joseph Smith, paid to them by their associates, it was as different individuals confronted and when the Prophet was unjustly said: "In life they were not divided,

Peter with the accusation that he was placed in the dungeon at Liberty Jail, and in death they were not separated."

an associate of Jesus, he loudly and Wight in company with other close (D&C 135:3.)

emphatically denied any acquaintance friends accompanied Joseph. FollowLoyalty is a principle of action. One

with Christ. Just as he uttered his ing the Prophet's martyrdom, Wight must be loyal to something, a cause,

final denial, the cock crowed. Peter declared: "The only man who can a person, a principle; one must give

then remorsefully recalled the words of handle me is dead."He became reone's best for that to which one is

Jesus "And he went out, and wept bellious and unmanageable and refused loyal. But, if one is satisfied to do

bitterly."(Matt. 26:75.) to follow the leadership of Brigham one's duty only, one is but half

From this experience, sad to Peter, Young and the Twelve. Finally he loyal. When one, however, is willhe gained courage and throughout the led a group of his followers to Texas, ing to go beyond the call of duty, to

remainder of his life, in spite of persewhere he sank into obscurity and obgo the "second mile,"to do more cution and even torture, he was loyal livion, while the faithful followers of than that for which duty calls, then

48 Improvement Era one is truly loyal. we enjoy membership, its teachings and these may dwell;

As Latterday Saints we have in the its leaders. May we love and be loyal "And we will prove them herewith,

gospel the greatest cause in all the to our parents, our husbands, wives, to see if they will do all things whatworld to which to be loyal. We also and families. May we be loyal and soever the Lord their God shall comhave true prophets of God to lead and true to ourselves and the trusts that mand.them."(Abraham 3:2425.)

guide us, and a country that guarantees are placed in us, so that when the We acknowledge that in order to us the right to be loyal to all of them. question is raised: "Who's on the obey all things whatsoever we are

Shall we not be true to our sacred Lord's side?"we can step forward with commanded, we must obey the leaders

trust? confidence, knowing that we have through whom the commands come. In

May the Lord bless us as individuals kept the faith, have justified the confiour personal lives we have the Ten with powers of discernment, that we dence and trust placed in us, to the Commandments, the 42nd Section of may make proper decisions, righteous end that we will realize the truth and the Doctrine and Covenants, which decisions: then, with a display of significance of great teaching that states again for our'day these comwill power and courage, be loyal to "to be trusted is a greater compliment mandments, the Sermon on the Mount,

those convictions. than to be loved,"for which I pray in and the golden text from Micah (Mic.

May we be loyal to the country in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. 6:8) to guide us, but in the service of

which we live, to the Church in which Amen. o the organized Church we also obey the

leaders. And in direct proportion to

the degree of that obedience we receive the Spirit of the Holy Ghost to guide us and sustain us. If we can obey this

principle, we shall avoid contention in the Church.

I have returned just now from The Principle of Obedience Church.This principle is universal in the

a visit to the Mission located Tongan

S. Dilworth Young in one group, of many groups, of islands in the far Pacific. The living

Of the First Council of the Seventy customs are fardifferent from ours; the

culture of the people has taken a difAs I travel over the parts of the than the raising of a hand in approbaferent path than has ours. Yet the

vineyard of the Lord to which I am tion. It is this expression, given so Saints respond in exactly the same

assigned, I marvel at the miracle that freely, that heartens the presiding offiway as we do here. They obey their

is the Church. cer and confirms his inspiration. leaders. On a Sunday one can see them

Each week the faithful gather to Undoubtedly there are those present dressed in their lavalavas, their best hear instruction and to renew the at these conferences who do not feel shell necklaces over their shoulders, covenant that they made at the time of the whispering of the Spirit, yet they wending their way to sacrament meettheir baptism and to receive the blessraise their hands in confirmation. ing in the branch chapel.

ings of the gifts of the Holy Ghost. The They do more than that, for at the One such chapel is a small building

men who call them together are the bidding of the newly sustained presiwith a thatched roof and meager furappointed leaders, those called by dent—or bishop, as the case may be niture. There in the tongue of the

revelation to lead the flock into they respond to his call and serve Tongans the branch president conducts righteousness. faithfully. These may not have been the service. And the members go home

I say appointed leaders, for in this assured that the call came from the uplifted through their obedience to the

Church we do not wait for men to Lord, but they are sure that the call appointed leader and participation in exhibit the leadership necessary to came from the servant of the Lord and, the ordinance reminding them of their preside over a stake, or a mission, or a for reasons known to themselves, beacceptance of Christ. I felt at home

ward, but call them through the guidlieve that their personal call to service among these people, just as much at ance of the Spirit. "This one,"whisby this new servant came from the home as Brother [Gordon B.] Hinckley

pers the Spirit to the soul of the Lord. And so it will ever be. expressed here sometime ago when he

appointed servant, "is the one to now The principle on which this condescribed his visits to the Saints on lead at this time."He is presented to stantly recurring scene is based is found Taiwan and in Korea and Japan.

the people for their sustaining vote. in the great vision given to Abraham I am thankful for the binding force

Time after time I have seen the and preserved for us, as miraculously of the priesthood when made active by multitude of hands raised. Some almost as the coming forth of the Book the obedience of the people to their

doubters have said that the vote is of Mormon. leaders. We see the same principle in

automatic. With this I beg to differ. The papyrus containing the vision force in this building this very day, and

The unanimity of vote is the sign of of Abraham came to Joseph Smith we rejoice at its continuation in the the great principle of obedience in acthrough a series of events that only Church.

tion, but this cannot conceal the the guidance of supernatural power I desire to make one more statement.

expression on people's faces. Every could have made possible. The Everywhere in Tonga I was asked to

conference to which I have gone where events that brought it about seem convey the love of the Saints to you, this action was taken I have witnessed natural enough, but they took place President McKay. They have not forthe approval in the expressions exat the right moment in history to the gotten the harassment of the Tongan

hibited on the faces of the people. More right people, with the result that we officials years ago when they found

than once I have heard a deep, have knowledge of the vision. I quote excuse to quarantine you on a nearby

rumbling, awesome murmur of apfrom part of it: island, nor have they forgotten your

proval that has swept through a con- "And there stood one among them visit with them after the officials regregation the moment a name was that was like unto God, and he said lented.

mentioned, even before the vote was unto those who were with him: We We tried to visit Niue Island.

called for. I have seen the smiles and will go down, for there is space there, The same set of circumstances were

nodding of heads as those in tune with and we will take of these materials, there. The sea was rough and the capthe spirit of the meeting gave more and we will make an earth whereon tain would not let us go ashore. We

June 1967 49 talked about your experience in the imitate the Lord as he is quoted in Paul referred to this anointing as he same situation. Genesis, but I could see that it was wrote:

I think I was most moved when we "good.""Now he which stablisheth us with

stood in a valley surrounded by cloudPresident McKay the people standyou in Christ, and hath anointed us, bathed mountains on the edge of a ing there with me asked that I bring is God;

foaming, tumbling stream of clear to you their love. With theirs I add "Who hath also sealed us, and given

water in the mountains of Upolu, mine. Someone had to have the vision the earnest of the Spirit in our hearts."

Samoa. There we read an inscription of the service to be rendered to those (2 Cor. 1:2122.)

on a bronze plaque fastened to a monpeople. That it fell to your lot to have Where can such anointings and

ument. It was placed there, it said, in it gives me joy. With these people, our gifts of the Spirit be obtained? The

honor of the visit of President McKay brothers of the blood of Israel, I susLord has revealed it to us in these to that place, and of the things he had tain you as a prophet, seer, and revewords said there. I looked at the school now lator, and witness that from Joseph "For, for this cause I commanded

there in response to President McKay's Smith the Prophet until now we have Moses that he should build a taberpledge to the people and could recogbeen led by prophets called of God and nacle, that they should bear it with nize what it is doing to children sustained by the people. In the name them in the wilderness, and to build a

through their growing years. I do not of Jesus Christ. Amen. o house in the land of promise, that

those ordinances might be revealed which had been hid [from the unworthy] from before the world was.

"Therefore, verily I say unto you, that your anointings, and your washings, and your baptisms for the dead, and your solemn assemblies, and your memorials for your sacrifices by the

Priesthood Responsibility yoursons ofmostLevi,holyand placesfor yourwhereinoraclesyouin receive conversations, and your statutes

Theodore M. Burton and judgments, for the beginning of

the revelations and foundation of Zion,

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve and for the glory, honor, and endowment of all her municipals, are or-

A charge has been given me today "And see that there is no iniquity in dained by the ordinance of my holy to teach the people. What people the church, neither hardness with each house, which my people are always

shall I teach? To teach, I must narother, neither lying, backbiting, nor commanded to build unto my holy

row both subject and crass to fit a evil speaking; name."(D&C 124:3839.)

specific need. Specifically, then, I "And see that the church meet toSuch a house of God, called a

limit my remarks to the priesthood gether often, and also see that all the temple, is defined as: "... a house

leaders called by the First Presidency members do their duty."(D&C 20:53of prayer, a house of fasting, a

to this annual conference. But priest55.) house of faith, a house.of learning,

hood leaders are changed from time to This duty to teach and counsel a house of glory, a house of order, a time under inspiration received from applies even more specifically to those house of God."(D&C 88:119.)

God; hence, all brethren receiving the who are chosen to preside over a quoThe value, therefore, of having mempriesthood may prepare themselves for rum of the sons of God who hold the bers of the Church qualify themselves

leadership by applying my remarks to powers of the priesthood. by righteous living to receive such great

themselves. Limiting my remarks to priesthood spiritual blessings in the temple of God

Since we men need encouragement leaders requires a limit also to the is obvious.

and assistance from our wives in the subject to be taught. When the Apostle One of the duties of priesthood

performance of our assigned priesthood John wrote to the saints, he urged them leaders is to teach, counsel, and duties, the sisters should understand to come out of the darkness of sin into train the members of their quorums the nature of priesthood responsibility the true light of Jesus Christ. By and their wives and families, so that

and become as Mother Eve, "an help righteous living they were to qualify they will live worthily enough to be meet"for the man. By the word "meet"themselves to receive added spiritual able to receive permission to go into

is meant a person who is worthy, or of blessings. He reminded those who had the House of the Lord to receive these

the same ability, quality, and status. so qualified themselves: ordinances and blessings that lead to

Presidents of every priesthood quo- "But ye have an unction [anointing] family exaltation. In addition, they

rum in the Church of Jesus Christ from the Holy One, and ye know all should be encouraged and counseled receive keys of administration for that things [concerning the divinity of Jesus to return often to the temple for the quorum by which they are authorized Christ]."(1 John 2:20.) And, he spiritual uplift such temple attendance

to preside over the members thereof. continued: will give those who attend. This, then,

Beginning with the deacons'president "But the anointing which ye have requires genealogical activity to identify and repeated for the president of every received of him abideth in you, and ye our kindred dead for whom we can quorum, presidents are instructed to sit need not that any man teach you: but then perform those temple ordinances

in council with quorum members, to as the same anointing teacheth you of that will open the doors of exaltation "teach them the'r duty, edifying one all things, and is truth, and is no lie, for them also. Each time we return to

another, as is given according to the and even as it hath taught you, ye shall the temple to do such ordinance work covenants."(D&C 107:8589.) abide in him."(1 John 2:27.) for others, we receive a renewal of that

A priesthood leader's responsibility, We have been told that oil is the spiritual strengthening which brings then, is personally to watch over an sacred symbol of the spirit's operations. us personally closer to our Lord and

assigned segment of the Church. "The This anointing spoken of by John is an Savior Jesus Christ.

teacher's duty is to watch over the actual anointing with oil, which shall In checking on the spiritual growth church always, and be with and teach people the divinity of Jesus Christ of members of his quorum. through atstrengthen them; and how to live more righteously. tendance at the temple, the priesthood

50 Improvement Era leader is faced with the same problem to perform temple ordinances. To these and those dead, to comeunto Jesus and

as in checking on the payment of tithes he can address a simple inquiry in receive this anointing of God by which and offerings, which is a necessary private: "Have you and your wife they may receive that grace provided

preparation for any spiritual service in been to the temple during the past for by the atoning sacrifice of our the kingdom of God. It is not necesmonth?"To those who have attended Lord?"

sary to know how many times a month the temple, the priesthood leader can I am reminded of the words of the a member of his priesthood quorum express his appreciation and give them Book of Mormon, which is an addimakes tithing payments. It is not a word of commendation for their tional witness for the divinity of Jesus

necessary to know how much tithing offering to the Lord in righteousness. Christ:

the member pays, but only to be asThe leader need neither chide nor "For we labor diligently to write, to sured that he is a full tithe payer. If rebuke those who failed to take adpersuade our children, and also our

he is, the priesthood leader can express vantage of this glorious opportunity brethren, to believe in Christ, and to appreciation for his faith and devotion, but should encourage them to go to be reconciled to God; for we know that

and the leader can then concentrate his the temple during the current month it is by grace that we are saved, after encouragement and teaching on those for the spiritual uplift it will bring. all we can do."(2 Ne. 25:23.)

who need help in understanding this It alerts the leader to the need of So to priesthood leaders I can say:

principle and the values of obedience checking again at the end of the month "Wherefore, now let every man learn to God. to see if that member has caught the his duty, and to act in the office in

So in checking on temple attendance, vision of this work. If the member which he is appointed, in all diligence.

it is important to know that each memand his wife have not gone to the "He that is slothful shall not be ber of the quorum and his wife undertemple by then, the leader knows that counted worthy to stand, and he that stand the principles involved and the process of teaching and motivation learns not his duty and shows himself attend the temple regularly. It is not must begin again, and with the help not approved shall not be counted

necessary to know how many times a of the home teachers he can begin a worthy to stand."(D&C 107:99100.)

month the member and his wife have program of patient encouragement and In this one thing, then, I urge leaders been to the temple, any more than the teaching that will bring spiritual of the priesthood quorums to take posileader needs to know how much tithgrowth back into their lives. tive action and to realize that no

ing has been paid. His only interest The major effort must be placed report form, no filledout slip, no writis to know that each man for whom he. by priesthood leaders and home ten word can ever take the place of a

is personally responsible to the Lord teachers in a program of teaching that kind and patient teacher. This teacher

has taken advantage of every spiritual will qualify those not worthy to reloves those he teaches and gives them blessing to which that member and his ceive a temple recommendation. Such the warmth of his personal attention,

wife are entitled by reason of their persons must be taught how to modify as our Lord gives us through his chosen faith and righteous living. By patient their lives so they can find that happiprophets and apostles, who, I testify by

teaching and continual encouragement ness and joy for which reason man personal knowledge, are men of God.

the leader can cleanse himself of the was placed upon the earth to learn. I testify that God does live, that

blood of responsibility for that indiIf we are charged with watching Jesus is divine, that he rose from the vidual, as explained by Ezekiel: over the Church, the question must dead and is our living advocate before

"So thou, O son of man, I have set remain continually before our eyes: the Father. I pledge anew my love for

thee a watchman unto the house of "Have we taught our members unJesus Christ, whom I humbly acknowlIsrael; therefore thou shalt hear the selfishness and service? Are they willedge as my Lord and King.

word at my mouth, and warn them ing to assist others, both those living In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

from me. "When I say unto the wicked, O wicked man, thou shalt surely die; if

thou dost not speak to warn the wicked from his way, that wicked man shall die in his iniquity; but his blood will

I require at thine hand.

"Nevertheless, if thou warn the wicked of his way to turn from it; if

he do not turn from his way, he shall The Reality of the Resurrection die in his iniquity; but thou hast delivered thy soul."(Ezek. 33:7-9.) EIRay L. Christiansen

By wickedness, I mean in this instance those who are slothful in taking Assistant to the Council of the Twelve advantage of opportunities that God has provided for them. This is what My brothers and sisters, with you I their coming forth in the resurrection.

the Lord himself said to the Prophet have been thrilled this day since the There is nothing more certain than the

Joseph Smith, when he stated: moment this conference opened and we resurrection of the body; there is noth-

"... by this you may know they are heard the outstanding message of our ing more universal than the resurunder the bondage of sin, because they President David O. McKay. rection. I do not pretend to understand

come not unto me. Now in order to meet the demands all the complexities of this great event;

"For whoso cometh not unto me is of the clock, I beg of you to let me neither do I know just how the food under the bondage of sin."(D&C "amputate"the first part of my rethat I eat is assimilated and trans84:5051.) By warning, I mean teachmarks. I hope the hemorrhage is not formed, some into bone, some into

ing in meekness and in mildness the so great that something will not be muscle, some into blood, some into advantages of obedience. left. digestive juices. I am not so concerned

To fill this teaching requirement, Notwithstanding the precious promabout the process as I am about the the priesthood leader can obtain from ises made by the Lord as recorded in fact.

the bishop the names of quorum memthe scripture, I discover that many Amulek, the Nephite prophet, speaks bers and their wives who have received people are still in doubt and disbelief of a complete and literal restitution.

a recommendation to attend the temple and uncertainty as to the reality of Said he: "The spirit and the body shall

June 1967 51 be reunited again in its perfect form; preexistence. We shall reap hereafter because they were not willing to enjoy

both limb and joint shall be restored what we now sow. It was in harmony that which they might have received.

to its proper frame, even as we now with this principle that the Prophet "For what doth it profit a man if a are at this time...."(Al. 11:43.) Joseph Smith taught the divine truth gift is bestowed upon him, and he

And our beloved President Joseph that "whatever principle of intelligence receive not the gift? Behold, he reFielding Smith has assured us in these we attain unto in this life, it will rise joices not in that which is given unto

words, that: "Every fundamental part with us in the resurrection. him, neither rejoices in him who is

of every body will be restored to its "And if a person gains more knowlthe giver of the gift."(D&C 88:3233.)

proper place in the resurrection, no edge and intelligence in this life Such, then, is the reality of life after matter what may become of the body through his diligence and obedience death.

in death. If it be burned by fire, lost than another, he will have so much By divine appointment and by his

at sea, no matter what. Every fundathe advantage in the world to come."own acceptance, Jesus died that all

mental part of it will be restored (D&C 130:1819.) might live again; and he provided a

to its own proper place."(Answers to Therefore, the scriptures assure us plan whereby they who will may reGospel Questions, Vol. 5, p. 103.) What that our resurrection shall be according ceive, in addition to life hereafter,

an enlightening and comforting thought to that glory by which and to which honor and joy and satisfaction and that is. our bodies are quickened. happiness in the fullness; where we

But what of those who die in in- "Ye who are quickened by a portion may, if we will, live in a state of fancy? The Prophet Joseph Smith of the celestial glory shall then receive neverending happiness with those we

taught that the physical body will of the same, even a fulness. love. To this I testify, bearing also my

develop to its full stature, whether on "And they who are quickened by a witness that God lives, that Jesus is earth, or in the life hereafter, and he portion of the terrestrial glory shall the Christ, that Joseph Smith was the gave assurance that mothers who have then receive of the same, even a fulinstrument in their hands to restore laid their children away in infancy ness."(D&C 88:2930.) this great gospel and Church and kingmay hold them again in their arms, And so also with the telestial glory: dom, and that David O. McKay is

and they will, in due time, develop "And they who remain shall also be today the Prophet of God as surely as to their perfect stature. (Joseph F. quickened; nevertheless, they shall reany other prophet ever was.

Smith, Gospel Doctrine, pp. 453455.) turn again to their own place, to enjoy In the name of Jesus Christ, our

One thing we must keep in mind: that which they are willing to receive, Master. Amen. Q

all persons will, as a gift of the Redeemer, be raised from mortality to Saturday Morning Session, April 8, 1967 immortality, with perfect bodies, no more subject to aches, or pains, or high blood pressure, or arthritis, or disease, or any kind of physical deformity. But, in order to have the

fullness of joy and the fullness of opportunity, and that peace which passeth understanding, Challenge From Vietnamtunities in the resurrection—inand all oppororder A

to have these blessings, we must earn them through obedience to God and Gordon B. Hinckley

through service to others. Of the Council of the Twelve

When we are resurrected, I doubt that be asked, many "How we will My brothers and sisters: Since our merits of the war, but I would like topositions hold?"but rather, did you

last say conference things a of the Elder few about D. Marion Hanks some help?"did people you many"How

it. I in in other spent been involved young and have and Vietnam men We justice of of each the God, Through areas in religious Asia. in that Southeast In an afternoon in DaNang

merits. exactly receive willus what he services that of troubled part for the a included world have memorial we

to raised condition a will beEach three inspiring of their sobering killed exrecently in had and many number that with for which hecommensurate action. periences, as our that with Following have with met we we talked

gifts himself. qualifiedhas and The individually brethren in for the hours. only them armed forces—not will abilities here developed we have It is also British American, to a experience sobering a but confew and

us. to restored knowledge andbe The Australian. verse a with young grew up man who

willintelligence acquired have we in a Particularly quiet sobering far our country meetnot were from town us. attitudes, our withcontinue Our first ings in a to stop here, off sent South Vietnam. boy Our was war who

positive virtues, our ourweaknesses, great at the military just and base was 42 had through Nang. come who Da

us. part of Indeed, will attributes be of battle. in days deadly seen the There base chapel 68 were had He we

be, are to are now wewhat we greeted of his killed. brethren, of of our 70 by most company had He whom

becoming. looked so young. Their automatic been sickened by the atrocities inThe Book of Mormon teaches that rifles were stacked along the rear pews, flicted by the enemy on the helpless

we shall in the resurrection "have a and they sat in their battle fatigues, native population. He, like most of

perfect knowledge of all our guilt, and many of them with a pistol on the his associates, was not there of his our uncleanness,... and the righteous right hip and a knife on the left. own wish, but in response to an obshall have a perfect knowledge of their They had come down from the Rock ligation imposed upon him, and,

enjoyment, and their righteousness.... Pile, Marble Mountain, and other hot without fanfare or heroics, he was

(2Ne. 9:14.) and deadly places whose names are doing his duty honorably as he underIn summary, then, God organized only words in our newspapers, but stood that duty.

our spirits and our bodies and then, in which to them are battlegrounds where I turned to another young man who his great wisdom, permitted us to create life is ever so fragile and the smell of stood beside him. He was a handor shape our future. We are reaping in death is in the air. some boy, tall, cleanfaced, wholesome

this life what we have sown in the I am not disposed to discuss the in his look. Hoping to relieve the

52 Improvement Era somber tone of my conversation with the first, I said lightly and half jokingly, "What are you going to do when you go home? Have you ever thought

of it?"A wistful sort of light came into his eyes. "Have I ever thought of it? I

think of little else, sir. We're moving

north again tomorrow, and if I can last another two months I know exactly what I'm going to do when I go home.

I'm going to do three things. First,

I'm going back to school and finish my education so that I can earn a living at something worthwhile.

"I'm also going to work in the

Church and try to do some good. I've

seen how desperately the world needs what the Church has to offer.

"And then I'm going to find me a beautiful girl and marry her forever."

I countered with a question, "Are you worthy of that kind of a girl?"

"I hope so, sir,"he said. "It hasn't

been easy to walk through this filth.

It's been pretty lonely at times. But

you know, I couldn't let my folks down.

I know what my mother expects. I

know what she's saying in her prayers.

She'd rather have me come home dead than unclean."

I didn't sleep well that night. For

one thing, it was terribly hot and the bed was not comfortable. For another,

every few minutes a Phantom Jet

Saints at Stake, give serious attention to Sunday broadHamburg Ward, Hamburg German overhead. roar beyondwould And

translated conference, cast of general in German.

this statement of the youngthat was man who was about to go north again he and I believe. Though these chalconclusion of his address, the Taberto face death. lenges may sound trite and oldnacle Choir sang with a majesty it has

I don't know whether he lived or fashioned, I hope you will not close never excelled, "Mine eyes have seen died. I am sorry that I do not reyour ears to them. All that is old the glory of the coming of the Lord....

member his name. We met and talked is not necessarily unworthy, as this His truth is marching on."

with so many and our schedule was young man had concluded while As the sound rolled through this so heavy that I do not recall his walking the lonely jungle patrols of historic house, touching the emotions name or where he was from, but I Vietnam. Nor is all that is new of everyone here assembled, I felt a

have not forgotten him. I thought of necessarily good, as I have concluded catch in my throat and a tingle in my

him when I recently read of the growwhile observing young people throwing spine, not alone for the presence in ing multitude of socalled hippies, their lives away in debilitating practices. this building of the chief executive of

beatniks, gluesniffers, goofball addicts, I therefore offer you these chalthe nation, not alone for the magand makers and partakers of LSD. I lenges: nificent music of this choir, but more

thought of him when I talked with a 1. That you prepare for usefulness. especially for the quiet men of faith

school dropout who had come to think 2. That you serve with faith. and vision who a century ago laid the

it more important to buy an old jalopy 3. That you walk in virtue. stone of the great buttresses which form

than to go on with his education. I 4. That you marry for eternity. the walls that encircle us and support

thought of him when I talked with The first: Preparation for usefulness. the roof that shelters us. They were

two young people, the one a onceIf ever there was a gospel, it is the gospeople possessed of a dream of destiny.

beautiful girl and the other a pel of work. Jehovah established the This is their handiwork, prayerfully

oncehandsome young man,.who had law when he declared, "In the sweat wrought. Notwithstanding the fact

blighted their lives in walking a sordid of thy face shalt thou eat bread...."that they were largely isolated in this

trail of immorality. (Gen. 3:19.) desert land, notwithstanding the fact

I would that the Lord would give Without labor there is neither that, they erected this before ever the me the power to say something out of wealth, nor comfort, nor progress. It railroad came to this part of this counthat young marine's words to youth was said of old, "... the drunkard try, they built with an excellence unwherever they may be listening, to the and the glutton shall come to poverty: surpassed in our time. They possessed

young men and women of this chaland drowsiness shall clothe a man the skill, they nurtured the dream, and lenging generation in this and other with rags."(Prov. 23:21.) they labored with devotion to make

lands. He mentioned three things he We are commemorating this year this magnificent structure a reality.

wanted to do, and then spoke indirectly the hundredth anniversary of the Today one need not look far in this of another he was already doing. Out completion of this great Tabernacle in or other lands to witness a growing

of these I would like to formulate a which we meet today. Not long before tendency toward superficiality and

challenge, a series of four challenges his death the late President John F. irresponsibility.

to youth. They are based on his stateKennedy spoke from this podium, as I hope that all who are within the

ments and on the vital gospel in which had many of his predecessors. At the sound of my voice, and particularly

June 1967 53 restate an old quotation, "Whether you think you can, or whether you think you can't, you're right."

To those of this generation the

Lord has said: "... be not weary in

welldoing, for ye are laying the foundation of a great work. And out

of small things proceedeth that which is great. "Behold, the Lord requireth the heart and a willing mind...."(D&C

64:3334.) That, my young friends, is the substance of the matter: "the Lord requireth a heart and a willing mind."

And now to the third challenge:

Walk in virtue.

I commend to you the stirring and inspirational message from President

McKay at the opening session of this conference. In behalf of the vast

audience who did not hear that message, I should like to read a paragraph from this man whom we sustain as

Prophet: "In this day when modesty is thrust into the background, and chastity is considered an outmoded virtue, I appeal to parents especially, and to my fellow teachers, both in and out of the Church, to teach youth to keep their souls unmarred and unsullied from this and other debasing sins, the consequences will smite of which and in of the ChurchMembers until Sunderland Stake, England, enter stake center to hear directhaunt their conthem intimately of conference. general wire broadcast

science is seared and their character the youth, will see in this great and had, and I would try to help my brethbecomes sordid. A chaste, not a proflisacred structure an example of the ren in the Church."gate, life is the source of virile manfruits of excellence. I do not expect He went on to say quietly but earhood. The test of true womanhood

that all shall pursue academic trainnestly, "I think I have done a better comes when the woman stands innoing. But I would hope that all would work here than I have ever done before cent at the court of chastity. All

seek to develop skills and abilities with in my life."qualities are crowned by this most

which to make a contribution to the I can bear witness to the great good precious 'virtue of beautiful womanworld in which they live. For the he has done. Not only has he been hood. It is the most vital part of the

century during which this tabernacle highly honored by his government and foundation of a happy married life, has been an assembly place for our by the government of South Vietnam; and is the source of strength and

people, there has gone forth from this his good example and his faithful perpetuity of the race."

pulpit the counsel of wise and inspired service under difficult circumstances To which I wish to add a divine men to each new generation to secure have brought religious activity into promise uttered long ago by the Savior that preparation which will make them the lives of hundreds of men. I have of the world, "Blessed are the pure

useful to society, bring satisfaction to heard many of these testify of the vast in heart: for they shall see God."

their lives, assure their families the good that has come to them, of the (Matt. 5:8.)

comforts and graces which alone come great strength they have gained from And now finally: Marry for eternity.

of effort, and dignify their divine insuch activity in the Church. My young friend in Vietnam was

heritance as sons and daughters of To young people everywhere I should not simply indulging a romantic

God. like to say that you need the Church, dream when he said he. planned to

Now to the second item suggested by and the Church needs you. There is return and find a beautiful girl and

my young friend in Vietnam—to no better association than that with marry her forever.

labor to help build the kingdom of other young men and women of faith One of the distinguishing features

God. To all I say, Serve with faith. who recognize God as their Eternal of The Church of Jesus Christ of

The world so much needs young men Father and Jesus Christ as the living Latterday Saints is a belief in the and women who love the Lord and Savior of the world. divine nature of the family as an inwho will work to build his kingdom. That association will give you stitution ordained of God. Here

A night or two ago I received a strength. It will give you companioncenter the most sacred of all human

phone call from an officer just returned ship. It will challenge your abilities. relationships. Life is eternal. Love is

from Vietnam. He had hoped to be It will afford you opportunity for eternal. And God our Eternal Father

here today. I was with him during the growth. In The Church of Jesus designed and has made it possible

time we were there. I heard him speak Christ of Latterday Saints there is that our families shall be eternal.

of his reluctance to go to Asia. It was office and responsibility for all. In that great colloquy between the

not easy to leave his wife and seven I have seen backward men become apostles and the Christ wherein the children, including triplet sons three giants as they served in the work of Savior asked, "Whom say ye that I years of age. "But,"he said, "I resolved the Lord. The cause of Christ does not am?"and Peter answered, "Thou art

I would give the Air Force the best I need critics: it needs workers. And to the Christ, the Son of the living God,"

54 Improvement Era Jesus went on to say, "And I will give and for eternity under the authorthe angry sea. Strong father, in

unto thee the keys of the kingdom of ity of the Holy Priesthood. Their emotionchoked tones, comforted grievheaven: and whatsoever thou shalt faith, like the faith of that young ing mother, repeating, "The Lord gave,

bind on earth shall be bound in marine in Southeast Asia, is such that and the Lord hath taken away; blessed

heaven...."(See Matt. 16:5-19.) no sacrifice is too great, no cost too be the name of the Lord. We'll see our

That same priesthood authority has high to bind together forever those Mary again!"

been restored to earth by this same whom they love most. Such scenes were not uncommon.

Peter, and it is exercised today in the I give you my witness and my testiTombstones of sage and rock marked temples of this Church. Those who mony that this authority is among us tiny graves the entire route from Naukneel at the altars in these holy houses today. I give you my witness that God voo to Salt Lake City. Such was the

are not joined only until death. They our Eternal Father lives and that Jesus price some pioneers paid. Their bodies

are sealed for all eternity as families. is the Christ. I invoke upon you, my are buried in peace, but their names

On Monday I shall be with a wonchoice young friends, the choice blesslive on evermore.

derful couple who have come all the ings of heaven as you go forward with Tired oxen lumbered, wagon wheels way from Korea to enter the temple your lives, that you may choose those creaked, brave men toiled, war drums that stands a few feet to the east of values that are enduring, in the name sounded, and coyotes howled. Our

us, there to be joined together for time of Jesus Christ. Amen. o faithinspired and stormdriven ancestors pressed on. They, too, had their

cloud by day and pillar of fire by night.

Often they sang:

"Come, come ye Saints, no toil nor labor fear;

aCome, Follow Me"ButThoughwith hardjoy wendto youyourthisway.journey may

appear, Thomas S. Monson Grace shall be as your day....

Of the Council of the Twelve "All is well. All is well."

(Hymns, 13.)

To the east and a little south from comfort, and security. A little one

where we are now meeting, marking might inquiringly ask, "Mommy, why These pioneers remembered the the entrance to the valley of the Great are we leaving home? Where are we words of the Lord: "My people must

Salt Lake, standing as a sentinel going?"be tried in all things, that they may

pointing the way, is located "This Is "Come along, precious one; we're be prepared to receive the glory that

the Place"monument. Here we see going to Zion, the city of our God."I have for them, even the glory of

featured Brigham Young, his back Between the safety of home and the Zion...."(D&C 136:31.)

turned to the privations, hardships, promise of Zion stood the angry and As the long, painful struggle apand struggles of the long desert way, treacherous waters of the mighty Atproached its welcomed end, a jubilant his outstretched arm pointing to the lantic. Who can recount the fear that spirit filled each heart. Tired feet and

valley of precious promise. gripped the human heart during those weary bodies somehow found new

Miles that once took months are now perilous crossings? Prompted by the strength.

traveled in minutes. The many hunsilent whisperings of the Spirit, susTime-marked pages of a dusty piodreds of thousands of visitors who each tained by a simple, yet abiding faith, neer journal speak movingly to us:

year pause at the monument tingle they trusted in their God and set sail "We bowed ourselves down in humble with the spirit of pioneer tradition. on their journey. Europe was behind, prayer to Almighty God with hearts

Such tradition reaches its high point America ahead. full of thanksgiving to Him, and dedion Pioneer Day, July 24 of each year. On board one of those overcrowded cated this land unto Him for the

A grateful posterity sets aside the busy and creaking vessels of yesteryear were dwelling place of His people."

cares of our fastmoving world and remy great grandparents, their tiny famAll struggle had not ceased; privaflects for a moment on the everlasting ily, and a few meager possessions. The tion and hardship had not disappeared.

principles that helped to guide those waves were so high, the voyage so Mrs. Rebecca Riter describes Christmas

noble pioneers to their promised land. long, the quarters so cramped. Tiny Day in 1847 in the valley of the Great

That first trek of 1847, organized Mary had always been frail, but now, Salt Lake: "The winter was cold.

and led by Brigham Young, is dewith the passage of each day, her Christmas came and the children were scribed by historians as one of the anxious mother knew the little one hungry. I had brought a peck of wheat

great epics of United States history. was becoming especially weak. She across the plains and hid it under a

Mormon pioneers by the hundreds had taken seriously ill. No neighborpile of wood. I thought I would cook

suffered and died from disease, exhood drugstore. No family doctor. No a handful of wheat for the baby. Then

posure, or starvation. There were modern hospital. Just the steady roll I thought how we would need wheat

some who, lacking wagons and teams, of the tired, old ship. Day after day for seed in the spring, so I left it

literally walked the 1,300 miles across worried parents peered for land, but alone."

the plains and through the mountains, there was no land. Now Mary could The crude homes were described by

pushing and pulling handcarts. In not stand. Lips that were too weak to a small boy in these terms: "There was

these groups, one in six perished. speak just trembled with silent but no window of any kind whatever in

For many the journey didn't begin eloquently expressed wonderment. The our house. Neither was there a door.

at Nauvoo, Kirtland, Far West, or end drew near. Little Mary peacefully My mother hung up an old quilt, which

New York, but rather in distant Engpassed beyond this veil of tears. served as a door for the first winter.

land, Scotland, Scandinavia, and GerAs the family and friends gathered This was our bedroom, our parlor, our many. Tiny children could not fully on the open deck, the ship's captain sitting room, our kitchen, our sleeping

comprehend nor understand the dydirected the service, and that precious, room, everything in this room of about namic faith that motivated their everso-small body, placed tenderly in a 12 x 16 feet. How in the world we

parents to leave behind family, friends, tearstained canvas, was committed to all got along in it I do not know. I

June 1967 55 recollect that my dear old mother stated when we have ears that truly hear, blindly after that Pied Piper of sin who that no queen who ever entered her we will be mindful of the echo from would lead us down the slippery slopes palace was ever more happy or proud Capernaum's past. Here multitudes to our own destruction. He cunningly

of shelter and the blessings of the Lord crowded around Jesus, bringing the calls to troubled youth in truly temptthan was she when she entered that sick to be healed; a palsied man picked ing tones: "Just this once won't matter."

completed dugout."up his bed and walked, and a Roman "Everyone is doing it.""Don't be oldSuch were the trials, the hardships, centurion's faith restored his servant's fashioned."

struggles, and heartaches of a former health. Many turn away from our Elder Thank God for the spirit expressed

day. They were met with resolute Brother, who said, "I am the way, the by one youth who saw through Satan's

courage and an abiding faith in a truth and the life,"and rather follow deceit and boldly declared: "I am oldliving God. The words of their

Prophet leader provided their pledge:

"And this shall be our covenant—that

the ordinances of in all walkwe will * Lord."136:4.)the (D&C

The passage of time dims our Richard L. Evans

memories and diminishes our appreforciation those who walked the path The Spoken Word pain, a tearmarkedof leaving behind trail of nameless graves. But what of

today's challenge? Are there no rocky

to travel, mountains ruggedroads no cross, trails to On the Fringe toto climb, chasms blaze, or rivers to ford? Or is there a

for present pioneer thatvery need thumbing through some commonplace words we find the word spirit to guide danthe from us awaygers that threaten to engulf us and In"fringe"and we find it thus in part defined as "an ornamental borlead us rather to a Zion of safety? der..."or "something resembling a fringe;... as the outer fringe

In the two decades since the end of of a crowd."No doubt there are fringes in almost everything; but as to

of morality standardsWorld War II lowered. andhave lowered Today we actual performance, fringe doesn't seem to play a very important part.

have more people in jail, in reformaIt is there. It may look well—but it is only on the edge. And that in

tories, on probation, and in trouble part describes people who are "on the fringe,"as well as the fringe on before. thethan ever padded From exfabrics. Families have their fringe. Clubs and committees have their to larceny, account grandpense from

petty crimes to crimes of passion, the fringe. Communities and countries have their fringe. Churches have

figures are higher than ever and going their fringe. Every organization, every institution has its fringe of those

higher. Crime spirals upward! Decency careens downward! Many are who hang out on the edge. They aren't altogether in or altogether out.

on a giant roller coaster of disaster, They claim to be part of the picture when there is. something good going

seeking the thrills of the moment while on but refuse to be part of the picture when there are obligations to be of eternity. joyssacrificing the We borne. They want the advantage of citizenship without assuming their control self. space but cannotconquer

Thus we forfeit peace. full share of service. They want the privileges of membership without

Can we somehow muster the courage, meeting their due measure of obligations. They want the love and loyalty

steadfastness of purpose,that that charof the family without carrying their full share of the family load. Theyacterized the pioneers genof a former

eration? Can you and I, in actual want the blessings and benefits of the Church without conformance or

fact, be pioneers today? The dictionary service or support. They want the freedom, peace, and protection and

defines goes a pioneer as "one who prosperity of the country without giving full loyalty or allegiance. Surely

to othersbefore, the showing way follow."Oh, how the world needs there is some stigma in just staying on the edge and never quite being

such pioneers today! part of the picture. And one wonders how much patience the Judge and

the Greeks and how We forget Father of us all will have with those who choose to live their lives on in prevailed a magnificentlyRomans barbaric world and how that triumph the fringe, without becoming a real functional part of the fabric. The

ended, how a slackness and softness larger blessings and promises of life (as well, indeed, as lesser ones) are finally their to over them came ruin. predicated upon performance, upon participation, upon the doing of the theIn than they wanted end, more

freedom, they wanted security, a comthing, upon the living of the law, and when we do what we should, fortable life; and they lost all we shall somehow, somewhere, receive the promised reward. But if

security freedom. comfort and and willingly we fail to perform, if willingly we are found on the fringe, of confusion our modernFrom the

world, sincere persons searchingly ask if we cannot quite be counted in or out, we. shall fall far short of the

themselves: "To whom shall we listen? compensations that come to those who can be counted on.

Whom shall we follow? Whom shall

we serve?"Today, chronic strife even permeates * "The Spoken Word"from Temple the personal province of the Prince of Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia BroadPeace. Contention thrives where casting System March 19, 1967. Copyright 1967.

taught he who declared, "... contention is not of me, but is of the

devil...."(3 Ne. 11:29.) However,

56 Improvement Era fashioned enough to believe in God, over and over again? When we fail rested on these founders as they drafted

to believe in the dignity and potential to profit from the experiences of the that great document for governing men, of his creature, man; and I am realispast, we are doomed to repeat them the Constitution of the United States.

tic, not idealistic, enough to know that with all their heartache, suffering, and Like the Ten Commandments, the

I am not alone in these feelings."anguish. Haven't we the wisdom to truths on which the Constitution was

(Look, January 12, 1965.) obey him who designed the plan of based were timeless; and also, as with

President David O. McKay paid salvation—rather than that serpent the Decalogue, the hand of the Lord

faithful youth the highest compliment who despised its beauty? was in it. They filled their mission

when he recently said: "There has In the words of the poet, 'Wouldst well. From them we were endowed

never been a time when we had greater thou be gathered to Christ's chosen with a legacy of liberty—a constitureason to be proud of our young peoflock, shun the broad way too easily tional republic.

ple than at present."explored, And let thy path be hewn But today the Christian constituThe unsatisfied yearnings of the out of the rock, The living rock of tionalist mourns for his country. He

soul will not be met by a neverending God's eternal word."(William Wordssees the spiritual and political faith of

quest for joy midst the thrills of senworth.) his fathers betrayed by wolves in

sation and vice. Vice never leads to Can we not follow the Prince of sheep's clothing. He sees the forces of

virtue. Hate never points to love. Peace, that pioneer who literally evil increasing in strength and momenCowardice never reflects courage. showed the way for others to follow? tum under the leadership of Satan, the

Doubt never inspires faith. His divine plan can save us from the archenemy of freedom. He sees the

It is not difficult to withstand the Babylons of sin, complacency, and wicked honored and the valiant abused.

mockings and unsavory remarks of error. His example points the way. He senses that his own generation

foolish ones who would ridicule chasWhen faced with temptation, he faces Gethsemanes and Valley Forges tity, honesty, and obedience to God's shunned it. When offered the world, that may yet rival or surpass the trials

commands. The world has ever behe declined it. When asked for his of the early apostles and the men of

littled adherence to principle. Times life, he gave it! 76. And this gives him cause to

change. Practices persist. When Noah reflect on the most basic of fundawas instructed to build an ark, the ''Come, follow me,'the Savior said, mentals, the reason for our existence.

foolish populace looked at the cloudThen let us in his footsteps tread, Once we understand the fundamental less sky, then scoffed and jeered—until For thus alone can we be one purpose for mortality, we may more

the rain came. With God's own loved, begotten Son. easily chart a correct course in the

In the Western Hemisphere, those perilous seas that are engulfing our long centuries ago, people doubted, "For thrones, dominions, kingdoms, nation.

disputed, and disobeyed until the fire powers, This life is a probation: a probation

consumed Zarahemla, the earth covAnd glory great and bliss are ours in which you and I prove our mettle, ered Moronihah, and water engulfed If we, throughout eternity, a probation that has eternal consethe land of Moroni. Jeering, mocking, Obey his words, 'Come, follow me.'quences for each of us. And now is

ribaldry, and sin were no more. They (Hymns, 14.) our time and season—as every generahad been replaced by sullen silence, tion has had theirs—to learn our duties

dense darkness. The patience of God Now is the time. This is the place. and to do them.

had expired, his timetable fulfilled. May we follow him, I pray in the name The Lord has so arranged things in

Must we learn such costly lessons of Jesus Christ. Amen. O this life that men are free agents unto

themselves to do good or evil. The

Lord allows men to only go so far, but the latitude is great enough that some men promote much wickedness and other men much righteousness.

Clearly, there would be little trial of faith if we received our full reward immediately for every goodly

Prepare, Then Fear Not deed, or immediate retribution for every sin. But that there will be an

Ezra Taft Benson eventual reckoning for each, there is no question.

Of the Council of the Twelve The Lord is displeased with wickedness, and he will help those who

My beloved brothers and sisters—all rected. Before him one day we all oppose it. But he has given all of us

children of the same Father, in the must stand to be judged by his laws. freedom to choose, while reserving for

spirit: Humbly and gratefully I adHe lives today and in the not too himself our final judgment. And

dress you, with a prayer that what distant future shall return, in triumph, herein lies the hope of all Christian

I say will be pleasing to the Lord. to subdue his enemies, to reward men constitutionalists. Why?

Nearly two thousand years ago a according to their deeds, and to assume Because the fight for freedom is perfect man walked the earth: Jesus his rightful role to rule and reign in God's fight. For free agency is an

the Christ. He was the son of a heavrighteousness over the entire earth. eternal principle. It existed before

enly father and an earthly mother. He Nearly two hundred years ago, some this world was formed; it will exist

is the God of this world, under the inspired men walked this land of forever. Some men may succeed in

Father. He taught men truth, that America—not perfect men, but men denying some aspects of this Godthey might be free. His example and raised up by the Perfect Man to pergiven freedom to their fellowmen, but

precepts provide the great standard, the form a great work. Foreordained were their success is temporary. Freedom is

only sure way, for all mankind. He they, to lay the foundation of this re- a law of God, an eternal law. And,

became the first and only one who had public, the Lord's base of operations like any of God's laws, men cannot the power to reunite his body with in these latter days. Blessed by the break it with impunity. They can

his spirit after death. By his power Almighty in their struggle for liberty only break themselves upon it. So

all men who have died shall be resurand independence, the power of heaven when a man stands for freedom, he

June 1967 57 home. Mothers, train up your children

in righteousness; do not attempt to

save the world and thus let your own fireside fall apart. For many years

now the Mormon Church has advised parents to set aside one night a week when the family meets together for an evening at home. At this time family goals and duties are discussed, spiritual guidance given, and recreation

enjoyed. To this end the Church has

published and distributes, free of charge, a home evening manual with helpful suggestions for each week's activities.

The duty of parents is to be of help to each other and to their children;

then comes their duty to their neighbors, community, nation, and world, in that order. The home is the rock

foundation, the cornerstone of civilization. No nation will ever rise above

its homes. A modern prophet declares

that: "No other success can compensate

for failure in the home."(President

David O. McKay, The Improvement

Era, June 1964, p. 445.)

Duty to country—No one can delegate his duty to preserve his freedom,

for the price of liberty is still eternal vigilance. There are now thousands

of businessmen behind the Iron Curtain who, if they had their lives to

At Haag am Hausruck Branch in Austria, Latterday Saints hear Sunday broadcast of live over, would balance their time general conference. more judiciously and give more devostands with God. And as long as he because this is basically the struggle of tionounceto oftheirenergycivicinresponsibilities.the preservationAnof

Antichrist, versus forces the of Christ stands for freedom,stands with he freedom a is worth ton of effort to get it is that imperative will our people be in be anyGod. Therefore, man it is lost. it back once

leader of freeeternally vindicated with the supreme and rewarded who tune the Lordstands for our God. freedom. dom, And men Duty to job—Every man should proof the necessities food, clothing, lives their are vide blessings stay in only receive by obedience tune when Men

for his family. and shelter As Paul apart obedienceto with from without God, for God's laws, and in harmony

to wrote Timothy: is as final a partsucceed, blessing. Before butthere cannot the no God we

if for "But not any provide his own, fail. return the cannot quesof the Lord, nertriumphal with God, we We

specially his and for those of own as to in save the our amoraltion immoral whether and be must may we constitutional republic is simply based world, but not of it. house, he hath denied the faith, and

on two factors: the number of patriots 2. Balance. We have many responsiis worse than an infidel."(1 Tim.

and the extent of their obedience. bilities, and one cannot expect the full 5:8.)

That the Lord desires to save this blessings of a kind Providence if he Indolence invites the benevolent nation that he raised up, there is no neglects any major duty. straightjacket of the characterdestroy-

doubt. But that he leaves it up to us, A man has duties to his church, his ing welfare state. But a man pays too

with his help, is the awful reality. home, his country, and his profession high a price for worldly success if in

There is a time and season for all or job. his climb to prominence he sacrifices

spiritual, responsihome, and civic of life's things, inrighteous and comhis man, many Duty to Church—Each bilities. a person should apporHow neither deterfailures arise take munication with God, must when men

the time nor find the season to permine his responsibility to the Church. tion his time among his several duties

form their eternal duties. What, then, This becomes a serious consideration requires good judgment and is a matter

in this time and season may best equip in a day when many pulpits are being over which each should invite divine us to save our Christian constitutional turned into pipelines of collectivist assistance.

legacy, while at the same time rescuing propaganda, preaching the social gos- 3. Courageous action. I believe that,

our own souls? May I humbly submit pel and denying basic principles of while we should ask the Lord's blesssix suggestions: salvation. The least any Christian can ings on all our doings and should

1. Spirituality. In the Book of Mordo is to study daily the word of the never do anything upon which we

mon, sacred to me as scripture, the Lord and seek divine aid through daily cannot ask his blessings, we should not

Lord states that America is a land prayer. We invite all men to examine expectthe Lord to do for us what we

choice above all others and that it prayerfully The Church of Jesus Christ can do for ourselves. I believe in

faith works, that the and and Lord asshall so free the Latterday long remain Mormon Saints—the

will bless fully the more is who I man testify of land, the thehabitants the worship Church God inofChurch—which

for prays works he than for what he restored of Christ, to the earthJesus Christ. and led

Certainly spirituality is the foundatoday by a prophet of God. will the man who only prays.

tion upon which any battle against sin Duty to home—Fathers, you cannot Today you cannot effectively fight

and tyranny must be waged. And delegate your duty as the head of the for freedom and not be attacked, and

58 Improvement Era those who think they can are deceiving themselves. While I do not believe

in stepping out of the path of duty to pick up a cross I do not need, a man is a coward who refuses to pick up a cross that clearly lies within his path.

A man must not only stand for the right principles, but he must also fight for them. Those who fight for

principle can be proud of the friends they've gained and the enemies they've earned. 4. Education. We must each of us

do our homework. "My people are

destroyed,"said Hosea, "for lack of knowledge...."(Hos. 4:6.) We must

be wise as serpents; for, as the Apostle

Paul said, we wrestle "against the rulers of the darkness..., against

spiritual wickedness in high places."

(Eph. 6:12.)

We are going through the greatest, most insidious propaganda campaign of all time. Even the characterdestroying "credibility gap"seems to

be gaining respectability. We cannot

believe all we read, and what we can believe is not all of the same value.

We must sift. We must learn by

study and prayer.

Study the scriptures and study the mortals who have been most consistently accurate about the most important things. When your freedom Saints of the South German Mission, Munich, Germany, hurry to chapel where general

and your eternal welfare are at stake, conference will be heard via direct wire.

your information best be accurate.

5. Health. To meet and beat the from intelligent preparation. We face who weren't sure how the revolution

enemy will require clear heads and days ahead that will test the moral would end, but they were in a much strong bodies. Hearts and hands grow and physical sinews of all of us. better position to save their own souls

strong, based on what they are fed. The scriptural parable of the five and their country than those timid

Let us take into our body and soul wise and the five foolish virgins is a men whose major concern was decidonly those things that will make us reminder that one can wait too long ing which side was going to win, or more effective instruments. We need before he attempts to get his spiritual how to avoid controversy.

all the physical, mental, and moral and temporal house in order. Are we The basic purpose of life is to prove

power we can get. prepared? ourselves, not to be with the majority

Righteous concern about conditions A man should not only be prepared when it is wrong. Those who hesitate

is commendable when it leads to conto protect himself physically, but he to get into the fight for freedom bestructive action. But undue worry is should also have on hand sufficient cause they're not sure if we're going to

debilitating. When we have done supplies to sustain himself and his win fail to realize that we will win in

what we can do, then let's leave the family in an emergency. For many the long run, and for good.

rest to God. years the leaders of the Mormon Time is on the side of truth, and

Man needs beneficial recreation, a Church have recommended, with intruth is eternal. Those who are fightchange of pace that refreshes him for structions, that every family have on ing against freedom and other eternal

heavy tasks ahead. Man also must hand at least a year's supply of basic principles of right may feel confident

take time to meditate, to sweep the food, clothing, fuel (where possible), now, but they are shortsighted.

cobwebs from his mind, so that he and provision for shelter. This has This is still God's world. The forces

might get a more firm grip on the been most helpful to families suffering of evil, working through some mortals, truth and spend less time chasing temporary reverses. It can and will be have made a mess of a good part of

phantoms and dallying in projects of useful in many circumstances in the it. But it is still God's world. In due

lesser worth. days ahead. We also need to get out of time when each of us has had a chance

Clean hearts and healthful food, exfinancial bondage, to be debt free. to prove himself—including whether

ercise, early sleep and fresh air, Now these suggestions regarding or not"we are going to stand up for wholesome recreation and meditation, spirituality, balance, courageous action, freedom—God will interject himself,

combined with optimism that comes education, health, and preparation are and the final and eternal victory shall from fighting for the right and knowgiven not only to help equip one for be for free agency. And then shall

ing you'll eventually win for keeps the freedom struggle, but also to help those weakwilled souls on the sidethis is the tonic every true Christian equip one for eternal life. lines and those who took the wrong

patriot needs and deserves. Those who hesitate to get into this but temporarily popular course lament

6. Be Prepared. We have a duty to fight because it is controversial fail their decisions.

survive, not only spiritually but also to realize that life's decisions should Let us get about our business, for physically. Not survival at the cost of be based on principles, not on Gallup any Christian constitutionalist who

principles, for this is the surest way polls. retreats from this battle jeopardizes his

to defeat—but a survival that comes There were men at Valley Forge life here and hereafter. Seldom has

June 1967 59 BOYS'LIFE

so much responsibility hung on so few, This is a glorious hour in which to so heavily; but our numbers are inlive. Generations past and future will

creasing, and we who have been mark well our response to our awewarned have a responsibility to warn some duty. There is a reason why we

our neighbor. have been born in this day. Ours is

the task to try to live and perpetuate

To his disciples, the Lord said that the principles of the Christ and the they should be of good cheer, for he Constitution in the face of tremendous had overcome the world—and so he odds. May we, with God's help, have

had. And so can we, if we are allied strength for the battle and fill our

with him. Time is on the side of mission in honor for God, family, and

About BOYS'LIFE truth, and the wave of the future is country.

It is a part of the program of the freedom. There is no question of the The Lord declared that "if ye are

movementone of the tools used eventual, final, and lasting triumph prepared ye shall not fear."(D&G

to help build character, citizenof righteousness. The major question 38:30). May we prepare, then fear not,

will part of us is each pray in the name of Jesus what humbly we I ship and physical fitness. for

pass. Christ. it to to bring in helping Amen. play o

The printed and picture page have had a tremendous influence upon civilization and developSaturday Afternoon Session, April 8, 1967 ment. Leaders are readers.

BOYS'LIFE is enjoyed by the entire familyand by Cub Scouts,

Explorers. Scouts and Boy

of great number the magazine's The Mistletoe A features are carefully coordinated with next month 's program themes, Spencer W. Kimball

material that leaders and boys Of the Council of the Twelve can use to supplement and implement the program of the unit. My beloved brothers and sisters and The socalled "new morality"is but

In addition, BOYS'LIFEcontains especially the youth: The song "O the old immorality in a new setting,

the best of carefully selected ficMy Father"has been traditional in the except perhaps less restrained, less intion, crafts, hobbies, outdoor Kimball family since I was an infant. hibited. Freedom of sex, freedom to

life, plus many other features. My grandfather, Heber C. Kimball, drink and smoke, and freedom to rebel

picture. into I believe, the buried, and this Taberfrom come march—all Patrol was Every Guide Cub Scout,

it It evils sniffing as glue then. nacle Such sung and and was was LSD and Explorer secure unit should

toll, I their are taking narcotics today. beautifully think I have and sung

BOYS'LIFE 100% through unit never heard it sung more reverently. introduced by dope pushers to unsusare

budget plandesigned to help In his impressive opening sermon on pecting youth. Mugging, brutality, and

meet unit finance needs as well Thursday, President David O. McKay many other abberations—all come in

as train boys in financial responspoke with feeling of "the threatening turn supposedly to relieve boredom as sibility. dangers that are clearly on the horizon,"new "kicks."All these and more fester

and he sounded a warning to young themselves like a leech upon unpropeople who "in their yearning for a tected folks, later to become the

What Church Leaders good time are often tempted to indulge tyrannical master. The simple experiin the things that appeal to the baser ment becomes a complex habit; the

Say About BOYS'LIFE side of humanity."embryo becomes a giant; the little

This world of youth is full of tempinnovation becomes a dictator; and the

I read BOYS'LIFE regularly tations and snares and booby traps. person becomes the slave with a ring

and enjoy it very much. It is not wholly different from earlier in his nose. The socalled freedom

-N. Eldon Tanner worlds, but these problems to solve and becomes abject slavery.

to to situations accenbe meet seem

I great that the majority happy am I recommend L magaIFE BOYS'tuated. realizing are stalwart; of our youth but of for zine the the boys Church rebellions are usual the and There

is evil present the that everywhere and its of today, of ages; the the temptations choice and wholebut because finest evil eager to our tempt one

,in urges themselves manifest new articles that build help some to obligated are broadcast youth, we its privacy car forms. and with The citizenship. character and good listen. will to those a warning who the multiplied possible distances has L. Stapley -Delbert increasing the of example As an evil. possibilities of revolution on The

In my youth I always subthe campus has unleashed new depressures of youth to fall prey to the scribed to BOYS'LIFE magazine mands for the socalled freedoms of sins of the world, we quote the stateSterling, president of of Wallace action. are ment of There and it. thought and thoroughly enjoyed

says University. Stanford Leland restraint riots against He and marches and H. Vandenberg -John that "since over 21 have May, students limitation.

My 13year-old daughter loves Many youth have exhausted the been allowed to drink alcoholic beverresidences. fiveages in... campus satisfy to pleasures that usual seemed A BOYS'LIFE.

at of student study development their year in predecessors; and now, -G. Carlos Smith, Jr. their for that Stanford has than more shown experiences boredom, new they demand

We encourage Cub Packs and they call "kicks,"which often run into three out of four students, drinking is... even at the time Guide Patrols to participate in hazardous, immoral, indecent activities, well established

the unit Thrift Plan which makes bringing destruction to body and mind they enter Stanford and... is apparit possible to automatically order and soul. ently sanctioned by their peers, their

BOYS'LIFE each year.

-LaVern W. Parmley

60 Improvement Era parents, and society."(School and Society, October 29, 1966.) free service Paul warns against the "principali- A

ties, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places."(Eph. 6:12.) for families

Many fine young persons have been trapped by evil, little realizing that they are in danger—like standing on a

crumbling ledge. I am indebted to my good friend, and sponsors

Jim Smith, formerly of central Arizona, who told me the following story:

"Long years ago when I was a littleboy and rode the range with the men, of missionaries tending the cattle and helping with the roundup, I used to look forward to the 'rest stop'under the wide spreading branches of a most beautiful tree on

Ash Creek. "How we used to enjoy it and admire it with its uniform shape and its thick green foliage! How we came to look

forward to it, depend on it, and almost love it as we came to think of it as our very own, having been planted there for our comfort and to satisfy our needs. "Its green coolness was a haven of protection for the birds that made their nests in its branches and perched upon the outer twigs for their chorus rehearsals.

"The cattle sought out its cool shade and the soft, pulverized, unrocky ground under it for their afternoon relaxation.

"And we thirsty cowboys always made a stop to get a cool drink from the canteen, perhaps to play mumblepeg for a few minutes, and to stretch our tired, cramped limbs for a few moments as we rested from the hot summer Arizona sun.

"As we lay on the soft cool earth on our backs and looked up into the tree, we saw high in one of the limbs a little sprig of mistletoe. It stood out in contrast from the grayer leafage of the

tree and was not unattractive in its For anyone sending funds to missionaries in the field, First dark green dress with its little whitish Security Bank is pleased to provide bank drafts or cashier's berries. checks free of charge.

"I imagined 1 could hear the gigantic tree saying to the little mistletoe, This service is free regardless of the amount. And there are

'Hal little friend I Welcome to stay no delays, because you send the funds yourself. Bank drafts

with me. In my great strength, I can or cashier's checks drawn on First Security are cashable

easily spare you a little of my sap, anywhere, thanks to our worldwide network of correwhich I create from the sun and air spondent banks.

and the water under the creek bed.

There is plenty for all, and you in Take advantage of this free service, just drop by any one of your smallness can do me no harm!'the more than 100 First Security offices in 78 Intermountain

My friend Smith continues: communities. We'll be happy to serve you—with our

"Years later when I was a man, I compliments.

again came up Ash Creek, again driving cattle. Imagine my consternation

and sadness to find the beautiful tree of my adoration dry and dead, its long jagged branches reaching high like thebony fingers of a skeleton. Not even First Security Banks

an uninhabited bird nest graced its forks, no cattle lazed under its MEMBERS FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION branches, no foliage covered its grim

June 1967 61 tion that he was fast becoming a slave to a merciless, tyrannical master, but

I heard him one day in sober moments curse himself and cry out, "What a waste of everything good! How senseless. How stupid!"

I pondered again: How like the little

mistletoe was the abominable practice of cheating, the first little dishonest act! This particular boy died in the gas

chamber, a cigarette between his lips.

He had stood tall like the tree on Ash

Creek. He had been clean, honorable,

and loved but had become barren, desolate, and a menace to society, untrusted, unloved. It had begun with

cheating, a little seductive vice no bigger than a mistletoe branch, no stickier than a mistletoe berry. Cheating was done in games and in school

lessons. There were little inconsequential misappropriations, followed by

thefts, small and larger, which finally ran into armed robberies, to killing, and to the gas chamber.

Whoever suggested that the little white sweet berry was tasteless or the mistletoe without color? How else

would it attract? How else would it be

propagated and spread? Whoever said

that sin was not fun? Whoever claimed

that Lucifer was not handsome, persuasive, easy, friendly? Whoever said

that sin was unattractive, undesirable, its acceptance? nauseating in Sister Lola Eastman listens to conference at a grocery store in Woodruff, Utah. or

Transgression wears elegant gowns and sparkling apparel. It is highly

nakedness, and no welcome was there "chicken."Future parties and associaperfumed, has attractive features, a

to traveler or cowboy to take shelter tions seemed to be weak without it. soft voice. It is found in educated

under its nude wretchedness, and alIt came to be a regular thing, a lift circles and sophisticated groups. It proready its limbs were being hacked away from boredom, and an escape from vides sweet and comfortable luxuries.

by woodcutters. depressions, a hideout from problems. Sin is easy and has a big company of

"The infinitely beautiful tree of my How could these young people know bed fellows. It promises immunity

youth was now the ugliest tree on Ash except through advice and counsel from restrictions, temporary freedoms.

Greek."from others that the bottle was a deIt can momentarily satisfy hunger,

In seeking for the cause of such mon, that it would become master, thirst, desire, urges, passions, wants, devastation, I saw hanging from the that like the mistletoe it would take without immediately paying the price.

limbs of the tree great clusters of over and bleed the host? But, it begins tiny and grows to monuIt grows drop bymistletoe—the parasite of the tree. The How could these youth know with mental proportions.

translucent glutenous berries perhaps their first drink that it would become drop, inch by inch.

had been carried by a bird or the wind. a habit, a part of them? How could It is doubtful if Cain had murder in

The stickiness of the berry served to they believe the parasite would waste his heart when his first jealous thought attach it to the tree limb or host plant their precious needed money, break up crossed his mind, when the first hate until germination was complete, the their homes, rob them of their selfbegan to develop; but ounce by ounce,

little sprout always turning toward the respect, or cause numberless accidental moment by moment, the little parasite point of attachment. deaths, create worlds of unhappiness, developed to rob him of his strength,

And as I pondered, this thought came and destroy the mighty soul? his balance, and his peace. The evil

to me: Who would ever dream that a Neither the tree nor the little carrier took over, and Cain, like the tree,

sticky little white mistletoe berry bird could possibly know that the changed his appearance, his attitudes, would overpower and kill a huge, beauwaxy, sticky little mistletoe seed would his life, and became a world wanderer, tiful tree? How like the little mistletoe kill the mighty ash. But the youth who vicious and desolate.

is the first cigarette or first drink I How begins to drink can know that evenHow like the first cigarette is the like this predatory plant is the first lie tual destruction and loss face him if he predatory mistletoe plant! Just on a

or dishonest actl How like this paralets this drinking become a habit, for sneaking dare, or to avoid a momensitic growth is the first crime, the first he or she is a child of God, created in tary embarrassment, or to be "smart,"immoral actl his image, born of royal blood to beor to be accepted, or for nebulous other

This particular group of youth little come a king or queen. foolish reasons, the first cigarette is

dreamed that an insignificant little I worked with such a person who in often taken.

bottle could finally destroy a mighty his youth laughed at the thought that Certainly, the novice has no idea of soul. It was for kicks, they said, that he might become involved beyond his becoming a chain smoker or dying of

they took the alcoholic beverage with powers. He scoffed at the suggestion lung cancer. Surely, he can control.

them to the party. They felt they had that he was losing his power of resisThere can be no habit—he assuresproved they were mature and not tance—almost insulted at the suggeshimself—he is master, but time and

62 Improvement Era habit and repetition take a terrible toll. The fullgrown plant is petting and tial element to that end.

A bird or the wind or other carrier sex looseness. It confounds, frustrates, The Prophet Joseph has recorded this

transports the tiny berry to a tree; it and destroys like the parasite if it is explicit observation from the Lord

sticks to the limb and grows to suck not cut out and destroyed, for, in time, himself: "For all who will have a

the life's sap blood from the tree and it robs the tree, bleeds its life, and blessing at my hands shall abide the eventually leaves the giant dead and leaves it barren and dry; and, strangely law which was appointed for that

dry. enough, the parasite dies with its host. blessing, and the conditions thereof,

The single cigarette multiplies from Each seemingly small indiscretion as were instituted from before the one to a dozen, to a hundred, yes, to a seems powerless as compared to the foundation of the world."(D&C 132:5.)

thousand, to an almost uncontrollable sturdy body, the strong mind, the sweet Now, no one is suggesting that it is habit. spirit of the youth who gives way to inappropriate for men to establish

"Can you quit?"I asked a tobacco the first temptation and who might, some mutual understandings and conaddict. "Can you abandon the weed like the majestic tree, say: "Ha, little tracts from time to time, provided such

before you are 'hooked'?"weed, little bottle! I can take you beagreements stimulate, motivate, and

The big man laughed. "Of course,"tween my lips without harm. I'll look bind us more closely together in a good

he replied and said, as did the great smart and be a good fellow with the and worthwhile cause.

tree on Ash Creek figuratively say, crowd. Ha, little indiscretion! You are It is expedient, however, that we

"Ah, little weed, I am not afraid of weak—I am strong. I can discard you place first things first, and any agreeyou. You are insignificant. I am at my pleasure."ment that we make with the Lord

strong."But years later, I see him once again, through his Holy Priesthood takes

And then years after, I heard him and what a change! The strong has precedence over all else, regardless of

say, in disgust, "I cannot break the become weak; the master, the slave; its source or its apparent value. Speakhabit. I am its slave. How stupid of his spiritual growth curtailed; he has ing further through the Prophet

me!"isolated himself from the Church with Joseph, the Lord declares that "all

How like the mistletoe is immorality. all its uplifting influences. Has he not covenants, contracts, bonds, obligations,

The killer plant starts with a sticky suffered a kind of spiritual death, oaths, vows, performances, connections, sweet berry. Once rooted, it sticks and leaving him like the tree—a mere associations, or expectations, that are

grows—a leaf, a branch, a plant. It skeleton of what he might have been? not made and entered into and sealed

never starts mature and full grown. If the first unrighteous act is never [by proper authority]... are of no

It is always transplanted an infant. given root and the mistletoe never perefficacy, virtue, or force...; for all

Nor does immorality begin in adulmitted to lodge, the tree will grow contracts that are not made unto this tery or perversion. Those are fullgrown t6 beautiful maturity and life toward end have an end when men are dead."

ries—indiscretionsadults. Little indiscretionslike sexarethoughts,the berGod,MayourourFather.youth and all others (D&CHe then132:7.)gives this reassuring promsex discussions, passionate kissing, fortify themselves against the insidious ise: "Behold, mine house is a house of

pornography. The leaves and little evils of the world that overpower and order, saith the Lord God, and not a

twigs are masturbation and necking destroy, I pray, in the name of Jesus house of confusion."(D&C 132:8.)

and such, growing with every exercise. Christ. Amen. o Then, thinking in terms of eternity, he

states: "For whatsoever things remain are by me; and whatsoever things are

not by me shall be shaken and destroyed."(D&C 132:14.) The sacred

agreements that we have entered into with our Heavenly Father must be kept first and foremost and above all

Commitment else.Most within range of my voice have

taken upon themselves the name of

Robert L. Simpson Jesus Christ through the waters of

baptism. By virtue of this sacred

Of the Presiding Bishopric ordinance, we have come forth in a spiritual birth, just as real and necesDuring the past few weeks, most of and worthy objectives, such covenants sary as our birth into mortality. Woe

us have either participated in or liscan and should be stimulating, motivabe unto that child of God who would tened as some rather serious committional, and indeed a most stabilizing enter such a sacred covenant deceitments were made. With a group of influence among men. fully or with ulterior motives. Little

eager.young Scouts, it was: "On my But any and all social or civil prombetter is he who enters the waters of

honor I will do my best to do my duty ises, commitments, and oaths entered baptism without the intention of to God and my country."These boys into by man with man fade into relavaliance or effort. Nothing is sadder

were committing themselves to a better tive insignificance when compared with in all this world than those who, after effort. those promises and covenants between participating in this great blessing, reAt a patriotic rally recently, a man and God, the Eternal Father. gard it as of little or no consequence

group of us earnestly vowed a pledge Could any commitment be more imin their lives and then proceed to lose of allegiance to the flag of our counportant than a sacred covenant between the possibility of life eternal by default.

try. Every citizen, whatever his namortal man and his Maker? There can be no room for indifference

of honor even in and such antionality, strong long the wake makes commitments A long, time ago—yes,

blessing as that in the sacred his found of this earth government. before the foundations and honorto uphold

This is as it should be. were laid—the plan was clear; the ordinance of baptism.

Few, if any, go through life without process for the successful undertaking Indeed, it has been appropriately committing themselves to a sacred trust of building souls for eternal purposes observed that where much is given, and promise of one type or another. was established. The covenant promuch is expected. All who have had

In proper perspective and with lofty cedure was decided upon as an essenthe privilege of baptism in his apJune 1967 63 pointed way and by his appointed regular reminder to all who took upon authority are indeed richly endowed. them his name in the waters of bapCommitment of the highest order has tism.

been made. The obligation to bear The sacrament was revealed by the

his name worthily becomes paramount. Savior himself, first of all to his very

As man was being -created, surely closest associates in the ministry with our Maker must have realized how the specific instruction that "it is short our memories and how weak the expedient that the church meet toflesh in this temporal setting. Consegether often to partake of bread and

quently, his great plan provided for a wine in the remembrance of the Lord

Richard L. Evans

The Spoken Word

Some 50 styles include all L.D.S. temple

in designs latest white and parchments.

Matching albums, napkins, Mormon other To Be Born, or to Rise Again?

accessories. One day rush order service.

alive, are beautiful a planet in space—a and suspended on

one, sunrise with seed time Herewondrouswe and harvest, and sunset, and and the changing seasons; and all that grows and all that moves;

Send 25c for catalog & samples, refunded on first order. (50c if air mail desired.) with man and his searching mind, with the power to learn, the love of

REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440 loved ones, and all the evidence of the planning of Divine Providence.

Name - Is this natural or supernatural? Perhaps some would suppose that the

Address. most natural thing is nothing. How did anything—or anyone—ever come

City, Zone, State - to be in the first place? When was there a beginning of anything at all?

Who wound up the universe is one of the classic questions. Who

organized it—and who keeps it in its course? You see, we live in the

BLACK & WHITE midst of miracles. We see them at our every side. The first flower of

spring is a miracle, the first bud that breaks winter's death and dormancy.

8 exposure roll Birth itself is a miracle—the awesome, sobering miracle of the newborn UwW babe, with hands reaching, with eyes watching, with ears listening, and DEVELOPED PRINTED & intelligence that to truth. that fact that responds The we live, we are, SIZE IN JUMBO

is this a miracle and a mystery. love—all learn and and that we think exposures 12 504 20 exposures $1.00

36 exposures $1.50 Who gave instinct to animals? Who gave the body wisdom to heal

COLOR FILM itself?an eye,Whoor a gavetooth,twoor cellsthe thehairsintelligenceof the head?to joinNaturaland divide,or supernatural?to become

recall the difficult, Pascal: question of to the "Which is be more DEVELOPING We

rise is born, or to again?"1 Surely a miracle immortality than more no 8-ExposureKODACOLORRoll per mortality is. And the Lord God who gave us life here can give us life

Dev. and Printing $2.55 roll everlastingly. To the believer there is the blessing of believing, even of Roll 12Exposure per

Dev. and Printing $3.00 ro || knowing, beyond belief. And to those who search and seek, to those

Color Reprints 204 each who sorrow, to those who are fearful and frustrated, to those who

is this certainty, to those wonder, along the the and weary way, who SLIDES COLOR 135 Color Slides mm per all this is the that for of Savior: assurance for our us he did and men exp, Dev. 20 and Mount roll...$1.35

135 mm Color Slides per come forth from death to life; he did redeem us all from death. With

36 exp., Dev. and Mount... $2.40 roll Job we would witness with a certainty of assurance: "... I know that Color Movie per

8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 roll my redeemer liveth."To you who love life, and to you who have lost

those you love, take this comfort, this assurance to your hearts, this day

GENEALOGY PHOTOS—and always.

NEGATIVES MADE of OLD PHOTOS, 604 each. PRINTS

of NEGATIVE, 54 each *"The Spoken Word"from Temple

Send coin only—no C.O.D.'s Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia BroadMoney-Back Guarantee casting System March 19, 1967. Copyright 1967.

Blaise Pascal, Pensees, xxiv.

SAM'S PHOTO LAB P.O. Box 11 1 5 Dept. AA Salt Lake City, Utah

64 Improvement Era Jesus."(D&C 20:75.) It is, therefore, goodly number of Godfearing men burden is light, the Savior tells us.

most important for members of his committed to the cause of truth, these (Matt. 11:30.) The only difficult way

Church to recommit themselves every societies of evil could well take over is the cobblestone byway of periodic week. our society. indifference, broken covenants, and

Commitment No. 1: That they are The only effective tool against evil halfhearted effort.

willing to take upon them the name of and darkness is truth and light, parIf ours has been the commitment of his Son. ticularly truth and light held in the baptism, then stand up tall and bear

Commitment No. 2: And always rehands of those bearing God's Holy his name with honor and dignity, for

member him. Priesthood: worthy, dedicated men such the promise is that as we prove faithCommitment No. 3: To keep his as I see before me here today. ful over a few things, he shall make us

commandments which he has given No man or boy who has accepted the rulers over many things. (See D&C

them. commitment of priesthood can stand 52:13.)

These are not idle thoughts and idly by, for if we do not abide in this If our commitment is in the form words but rather sacred obligations and covenant with the Lord, if we are less of the sacrament, may we partake each promises entered into with God, the than anxiously engaged in doing sometime worthily, that we may always

Father, as each worthy member parthing about it, he says: "... ye are not have his Spirit to be with us. (See

takes with contrite spirit and deepest worthy of me."(D&C 98:15.) D&C 20:77.) Such is the unqualified

reflections concerning the atoning sacThe oath and covenant of the priestpromise from our Heavenly Father.

rifice of the Only Begotten of the hood stands singularly supreme among If ours is the commitment to honor

Father. God's covenants with his children. the priesthood, may we do so nobly,

Show me the man, woman, or child The Spirit of the Lord is companion to using it for the blessing of mankind, who truly and sincerely covenants to the priesthood. "... all they who rethat our inheritance may indeed be

take upon himself the name of Jesus ceive this priesthood receive me, saith "all that the Father has."

Christ, and I will show you a person the Lord;... The commitment we make through

who is upright and honest in all of his "And he that receiveth me receiveth our covenants with the Lord is serious dealings. my father."(D&C 84:35, 37.) These business. All else is secondary. His

Show me the man, woman, or child reassuring promises from the Lord, as rewards are certain, for he has declared who truly commits himself to always though there were not enough, are for all to hear: "I, the Lord, am bound

remember, and I will show you a child climaxed by what has to be the most when ye do what I say; but when ye do

of God who is without guile, one who generous reward ever accorded to mornot what I say, ye have no promise."

is understanding and quick to forgive. tal man. He confirms his part of the (D&C 82:10.)

Show me the man, woman, or child contract as repayment for complete Let every father stand fearlessly at who makes it a matter of daily and faithfulness in these words: "And he the head of his family and accept

hourly endeavor to keep God's comthat receiveth my Father receiveth my Joshua's challenge that has stood mandments that he has given them Father's kingdom; therefore all that my through the ages: "... choose you this

and lives that pledge in his every act, Father hath shall be given unto him. day whom ye will serve;... but as

his every word, to the very best of his "And this is according to the oath for me and my house, we will serve ability, and I will show you one who and covenant which belongeth to the the Lord."(Josh. 24:15.)

radiates the true Spirit of Christ and priesthood."(D&C 84:3839.) May we commit ourselves without

who, if unwavering to the end, will Oh, my dear brothers and sisters, reservation. May ours be the whole

inherit eternal life, which is, according can't we see the folly of any course armor of God, that our calling and to the Lord, "the greatest of all the except it be that course which is priestelection may be made sure, I pray gifts of God."(D&C 14:7.) hoodcentered and pointing toward humbly in the name of Jesus Christ.

Unfortunately, there are those who eternal life? The yoke is easy, the Amen. o

choose to commit themselves by covenant to the adversary. Conspiring

men have formed secret combinations all through the ages to promote wickedness and evil. Immediately

preceding the advent of the Savior on this continent 2,000 years ago, we are told of such a group who "did enter into a covenant one with another, yea, even into that covenant which was Come,Worship the Lord given by them of old, which covenant was given and administered by the Bruce R. McConkie

devil, to combine against all righteousness. Of the First Council of the Seventy

"Therefore they did combine against the people of the Lord, and enter into We have received from the Lord pertaining to Deity.

a covenant to destroy them...."(3 in this day and age in which we now Even the religious creeds of almost

Ne. 6:2829.) live—a commission to proclaim his the whole body of modern ChristenTimes have not changed. Less than divinity and to invite all men to come dom state flatly that he is uncreated

two months ago, most of you read the and worship him as Lord and King. and incomprehensible, that he is a

disturbing article in our newspapers To most people now living, God is spirit without body, parts, or passions, about a group of individuals who have unknown and unknowable. Some conand that in some inexplicable way he

established a socalled Satanic church, sider him to be a mystical spirit essence is three gods and yet one God.

with the sole purpose to participate that fills the immensity of space; others We know him, however, as a living

only in the realms of evil and darkness. feel that the laws of nature and the and real being, a personage of taberThey are in open defiance of and forces that govern the universe are nacle in whose image man is created.

diametrically opposed to all of His God; while yet others are not suffiHe is our Father in heaven, meaning,

holy purposes that bring us together ciently concerned with spiritual things as Paul expressed it, that "we are the in this great conference. Without a to give any serious thought to matters offspring of God"(Acts 17:29); that

June 1967 65 This independent

.. and GROWING! is 26 years young.

Frontier owns and operates 3 modern, Frontier and Beeline quality gasolines, More than 800 service stations qualityoriented refineries in Cheyenne, lubricants, and diesel fuel are available proudly display their Frontier or

Wyoming, North Salt Lake, Utah, and to motorists and truckers in an 18state Beeline trademarks, staffed with

Farmington, New Mexico. area stretching from Washington to Iowa. experienced men who know how

much you appreciate SERVICE.3 18

For an independent refining and marketing company to become established, and to continue growing, there Is only one answer: QUALITY.

Thousands of Frontier/Beeline customers are confident that our products are of the highest quality. We ask only that you try them, and prove

it to yourself.

THE FRONTIER FASTEST GAS 7N THEWEST

THE FRONTIER REFINING COMPANY OFFICES IN: NORTH SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH DENVER, COLORADO CHEYENNE, WYOMING FARMINGTON, NEW MEXICO

he is "the Father of spirits"(Heb.

12:9); that he is the parent of the

intelligent, sentient beings who dwelt with him during their premortal or first estate.

When the Beloved Disciple John, as the last of our Lord's ancient apostles to minister among men, saw in vision the latterday restoration of "the everlasting gospel,"he recorded that this proclamation would then go forth "to every nation, and kindred,'and tongue, and people, "... Fear God, and give glory to

him; for the hour of his judgment is

come: and worship him that made

heaven, and earth, and the sea, and the fountains of water."(Rev. 14:6-7.)

It is of this God—the only true and

living God, the God whom Jesus said it was life eternal to know, the God who is the Creator of all things, who made heaven and earth and the sea and the fountains of waters—it is of

him we now desire to speak and testify.

The proclamation we now make, and the testimony we now bear, is that God our Father has revealed himself anew in this day and age of the earth's history, and that he has commissioned us to take the knowledge of him to his One of three television cameras in the Salt Lake Tabernacle.

other children.

revealed, stands are and God we of of to reign accordthe almighty thus knowledge with power and God all to teachcommissioned what men in to salvation ing of will Father; to the the be revealed began modis, as legaland he who and—standing times. as as believe ern "That and would manyadministrators, apand

is it so his into in that baptized holy be and name, whose And we topointed, so are comspeak—weauthorized revelations these faith to in the end, should endure be have modern his to carry of hands messagemanded

salvation to the world. come, we who have been called and saved."(D&C 20:17, 2125.)

in to represent to so divine the the obedient commissioned now, Lord And spring of the In Smith, 1820, Joseph is testifying his gospel, are ours, that speaking commission and and choice a youth, favoredJun., and then

to fulfill divine as the those authority having and who now prepared—andof him hisin year, 15th sought from wisdom

that they speak, the whereof we God know in himself the FindingGod. midst commission must—proclaim

is in this elders of that Israel proclaim spoken again lives and has God a religious revival thatof sweepwas ing the then frontier area of America, day. our Father, literally and personally;

his offspring, in thus, in that lancreated the announcement, Our we are desiring to of all theand which know is this: scripture likeness; that of the and and his image he true, of asked in guagechurches he was God

. ".. is there talents us that the with has and endowed know a God we divine theaccordance promise: with

is if abilities to infinite eternal, the in developed which, heaven, and who "If let lack of you any wisdom, him full, said, everlasting to to us, as everlasting will the Jesus enable from same to all of thatask giveth God, men as of perfect in the be Father our framer even unchangeable heaven God, itliberally, not; upbraideth and and

is all earth, things 5:48.) (Matt. heaven and and whichshall given 1:5.) him."be (Jas.

. a revelation in of are announce them; new Weperfect. fulfill his inscrutable purTo own

to invite. the. the gave "Wherefore, world our and Almighty God Godposes, because time the then and had

it is to his Father's as Son, other children written Begotten everywhere Only in to prophetically the ushercome see, for to learn scriptures in those themselves been which have and come restoration, era of thenpromised God his Spirit of of truth,by the of the power him. this to of the given one younggave man

things. divinity glorious of these temptations suffered but gave and "He allgreatest of visions time. this Of

glorious manifestation Joseph Smith no heed unto them. We bear testimony of the divine

wrote: "He was crucified, died, and rose Sonship of our Lord and know that he

"I saw a pillar of light exactly over again the third day; came into the world with the power

to into of immortality, enabling to sit thus heaven, ascended him "And head, of the brightness abovemy eternal infinite of the Father, and the right out the work hand on the down untilsun, gradually descended which it fell upon me.

".... When the light rested upon The Sculptors

me I saw two Personages, whose brightness and glory defy all description, By Bernice Larson Webb standing above me in the air. One

of them spake unto me, calling me by Between the past and future is today;

name and said, pointing to the other The person I have been is done.

BelovedThis Son. Hear Him!"is My The world and I now shape the fool or sage 2:1617.) Smith(Joseph

Thus the heavens were opened, and Who'll rise to meet tomorrow's sun.

June 1967 67 atonement. ments from him. It is for men to

We assert that God was in Christ learn how to recognize the voice of the revealing himself to the world; that prophets and to lend listening ears to

Christ represents and speaks for the their teachings.

Father; and that, as Jesus said, "no Thus our invitation is for men to

GET SET FOR A GREAT neitherman knowethknoweththe anySon,manbut thethe Father;Father, tion,investigateto comethe tomessagea knowledgeof the restoraof him

SUMMER OF save the Son, and he to whomsoever whom it is life eternal to know, to the Son will reveal him."(Matt. find the path leading to the celestial

11:27.) city. It is for men to accept The Church

Thus our invitation is to come unto of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints as

Christ and worship the Father in his the kingdom of God on earth, as "the name. It is to learn of God, of Christ, only true and living church upon the

and of the laws and ordinances of the face of the whole earth."(D&C 1:30.)

gospel. It is to listen to the voices of It is for truth seekers everywhere to sell

living prophets, who represent Deity, all that they have and come and buy LEARNING and who reveal him to the world and the gospel pearl, the pearl of great speak forth his mind and will. price.

Thus our invitation is for men to Now our cause is just. It is true. It

come and "worship the Father in spirit came from God. It is his cause. It

and in truth for,"as the scripture saith, shall triumph, for truth shall prevail.

"the Father seeketh such to worship To hasten that glorious day when the him."(John 4:23.) It is for men to light and truth of heaven will dwell

1967 BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY learn of Christ and his laws and to in every heart; that day when it shall

Summer take his yoke upon them and keep his no longer be necessary for every man commandments. to say to his neighbor, "Know the Lord:

Thus our invitation is for men to for they shall all know me, from the read the Book of Mormon, which is a least of them unto the greatest of them,YOUTH PROGRAMS

Fun - filled days of supervised vacation, new witness for Christ and his gospel, saith the Lord...."(Jer. 31:34)—to

learning, and personal development that also to of hasten given obedient has on a and which been day we now, university modern campus.

truth of his our divine the great to prove the commission, proclaim God latterday It is for of work. the invite study divinity great Creator and men to

to 2nd Annua! the teachings Smith, life and worship thereby of Joseph him and all men

Theatre Workshop the American Prophet, the man who gain his friendship here and his

June 12—July 14 saw God in modern times, and who association hereafter. In the name of

Intensive classes tion, makeup, costuming,in acting, lighting,voice, interpretascenery received revelations and commandJesus Christ. Amen. o

construction and design.

3rd Annual (Girls) B.Y.U. Youth Academy

June 1930 and July 3-14

of learning and Kaleidoscope lating classes and special excursions fun—stimu-—The Prophets girls. for vacation a dream

9th Annual (Boys) Alma Sonne B.Y.U. Youth Clinic Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

June 1930 and July 3-14

athletic boys'including Wellrounded program brethren progress. in to I believe Herein and sisters, of lies the apostasy My

fun courses, and and academic wholesome the prophets. Scriptures the the Christian established "Where Church by fellowship.

speak,"said the Reverend Thomas Jesus and the apostles. In other words,

23rd Annual Campbell, "we speak; where the Scripthey believed in the prophets dead, and

Music Summer tures are silent, we are silent."Saint rejected the living oracles. Spiritual Clinic Augustine, the year around knowledge who lived comes from God through

12 July 31—August his a similar prophets. statement 400 a.d., made

vacation music Exciting summer—intensive

training choral, orchestra, and when he said, "Nothing is to be acAncient Israel was a prophet nation. in band,

ensemble work. cepted save on the authority of the The prophets appeared from time to

Scriptures."time as they were needed. Their mes11th Annual These declarations, you will readily sages were vital, for they were the

High School see, close the doors to continuous revinspired spokesmen of the Lord. They

elation from God and eliminate the were not always popular. They were

Publications Workshop ridiculed, often prophets. to in persecuted, these holy exheld Contrary and

7-11 August disrepute. in pressed views, his Stephen, the Martyr, of Jesus The Church

Journalism workPractical experience to of Christ to said Latterday declares Saints the testimony, solemn last and production,—andin yearbook in newspaper shops

advertising and photography. all the world: "We believe all that mob, "Which of the prophets have not

God has revealed, all that He does now your fathers persecuted? and they have

reveal, and we believe that He will yet slain them...."(Acts 7:52.)

reveal many great and important These chosen servants, misunderFOR BROCHURES AND INFORMATION things pertaining to the Kingdom of stood and maligned, devoted themWrite God."(Ninth Article of Faith.) selves wholeheartedly and construcYOUTH PROGRAMS newTheknowledge,world is constantlynot only lookingin sciencefor wastivelyneverto thean easytask one.assignedIt wasthem.a chalIt

Special Courses and Conferences but also in religion. It is the keystone lenge to strong men who put their

242-E HRCB, Brigham Young University

Provo, Utah 84601

68 Improvement Era service to God above all worldly aspirations. Their aim was always to

rescue and fortify against the forces of evil, of moral and spiritual disintegration. Through these holy men God has

given commandments to his children.

But, generally speaking, their words were ignored and rejected. Had they

been respected and accepted, the course of human history would have changed.

They appeared as lighthouses to the generation in which they lived. When

they were ignored and cast aside by unscrupulous leaders, as was often the case, the light was extinguished and darkness covered the earth. There were

no prophets during the dark ages.

God's message to his children comes through his chosen servants, the prophets. These servants were chosen

before they were born. They had a

divine message that was not only timely but important. They gave evidence of their divine calling wherever

and whenever they appeared. Spirituality is a consciousness of God, an

awareness of his place and power in the universe. To know him is life

eternal. When Israel was at its lowest

ebb spiritually, Elijah, a great prophet, came to their rescue and converted a nation to the true worship of Jehovah. Sooths where simultaneous translations of conference messages are relayed in six languages.

They had been reassured through a manifestation of God's power.

I have often said that the story of Like the prophets of old, Joseph Without the visions of Moses and

Joseph in Egypt gives the world its Smith, the modern Prophet, saw Elijah, there would have been no gathfinest lesson on morality and clean visions, received revelations, predicted ering of Israel, and the temple building living. It should be told and repeated the future, and interpreted the scripprogram characteristic of the Church

frequently to every boy and girl during tures. The Church would not have would have had no beginning. The

their adolescence. The example and come into existence without a prophet. existence of these temples in the United

teaching of the prophets will never There could have been no restoration States, in Canada, in Europe, and on become outmoded by a righteous without these holy men who spake as the islands of the sea is a solemn testipeople. Every page of scripture conthey were moved by the Holy Ghost. mony of the sincerity, the conviction,

tains a directive for you and me as we Their powers and understanding went and the positive faith of the Latterday move along in the journey of life. beyond the limits of our finite comSaints.

things. prehension of looked if all the They today be would weWhere in prophets, the I believe modern

veil separates that seen the the beyond the taughtidealism morality by and to their listened ancient. have and We the world. unseen from Joseph lost in Had scramble theprophets been had

this conference. during words we May insight, the the power, lacked Smith recognition?for earthly worldly and

International negotiations and all the and the enlightenment that came to remember them and may we abide in controversies now going on, it seems to him through his prophetic calling, the the holy commandments that came me, are tinctured with selfish ambiBook of Mormon could not have come from God to them, I pray in the name tions. May I remind you there is no forth. of Jesus Christ. Amen. o

place for selfishness in God's kingdom or in the restored gospel of Jesus Christ.

Someone has said that Moses was the first man in history who fought for

Israelites rights. the He freedhuman freed Sacrifice Brings Forth bondage. Egyptianfrom the He

them from their own limitations and taught them the fundamentals of good the Blessings of Heaven government. He laid the foundation

for law and order. Moses brought to Franklin D. Richards

the world the Ten Commandments.

They are very fundamental. They are Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

basic to every system of law made to govern humanity. To violate them My dear brothers and sisters, I am the laws and ordinances of the gospel.

means disaster and destruction. The grateful for the blessings of this day. We are blessed to be living in this

road to wickedness begins when one of I am thankful for my knowledge and dispensation when the gospel, the these mandates from God is broken. testimony that God lives and that Church, and the power to act in the

"And there arose not a prophet since through the atoning sacrifice of our name of God have been restored in Israel like unto Moses, whom the Lord and Savior Jesus Christ we may through the instrumentality of the

Lord knew face to face."(Deut. 34:10.) enjoy eternal life as we are obedient to Prophet Joseph Smith, one of the

June 1967 69 greatest prophets of all time. Likewise when ye do not what I say, ye have no Joseph Smith's life was another great

we are blessed to be led and guided promise."(D&C 82:10.) "And when example of dedication and sacrifice.

today by another great Prophet, our we obtain any blessing from God, it is While in Liberty Jail the word of the beloved President David O. McKay. by obedience to that law upon which Lord came to him: "... if thou shouldst

May the Lord bless and sustain him. it is predicated."(D&C 130:21.) be cast into the pit, or into the hands

William W. Phelps, an early conHence it becomes evident that many of murderers, and the sentence of death

vert to the Church and gifted hymn great blessings are predicated upon passed upon thee;... know thou, my

writer, wrote the inspiring hymn obedience to the eternal law of sacrison, that all these things shall give "Praise to the Man,"a magnificent fice. thee experience, and shall be for thy

tribute to the Prophet Joseph Smith. The Savior said, "Let no man be good."(D&C 122:7.)

This beautiful hymn not only incorafraid to lay down his life for my sake; Here the Prophet was specifically

porates the elements of rejoicing and for whoso layeth down his life for my told that these tribulations and sacriprophecy but also contains choice bits sake shall find it again."(D&C 103: fices would be for his good and blessof basic doctrine as well, as is evi27.) ing, and undoubtedly the Liberty Jail

denced by the statement: "Sacrifice Thus the supreme sacrifice of one's experience was preparing him for

brings forth the blessings of heaven."life is rewarded by that person finding coming events. In the end he and his

About this time the Saints were exhis life again, "even life eternal."brother Hyrum were called upon to be

periencing many blessings resulting (D&C 98:13.) martyrs for the kingdom of God

from their manifold sacrifices. The You and I may never be asked to lay another great story of sacrifice and

Prophet, in delivering a lecture on down our lives for the gospel's sake, but blessing.

faith, impressed this truth when he obedience to the law of sacrifice in a The words of the Master are cersaid: lesser way is also rewarding. The histainly applicable in the case of Joseph

"... that a religion that does not tory of the Church of Jesus Christ in and Hyrum: "Greater love hath no

require the sacrifice of all things never each era is replete with experiences of man than this, that a man lay down has power sufficient to produce the every kind and description that men his life for his friends."(John 15:13.)

faith necessary unto life and salvation; are prone to call sacrifices. The Saints The building of the Church, from

... It was through this sacrifice, and more frequently have described these the time of the Prophet Joseph Smith

this only, that God has ordained that experiences as opportunities and blessto the present, has required constant man should enjoy eternal life...."ings rather than sacrifices. sacrifices on the part of the Saints.

("Lectures on Faith"6:7.) On one occasion a rich young ruler As we study the history of the

Yes, the law of sacrifice is a fundacame to the Savior and asked what he Church we find peculiar situations and mental doctrine of the gospel of Jesus should do to be saved. Jesus enumerated obstacles in each era. I am certain that

Christ and contributes to the building several things, including honoring his those that lived in these various periods of faith, love, and many other virtues. parents, chastity, and honesty. He reeach felt that the problems of his time

In this connection it is interesting to plied that he had done all of these were most acute and required great note that Webster's dictionary defines things from his youth. Then Jesus told sacrifices.

sacrifice as "a surrender of some dehim to go and sell all that he had, give Undoubtedly the problems of estabsirable thing for a higher object."it to the poor, and follow him. But the lishing the Church and the persecutions

This is undoubtedly true, but it young man thought more of his riches incident thereto were severe. Likewise

might be observed that the higher obthan the kingdom and refused to make the difficulties of the migration to and ject is not always discernible at the this sacrifice, which could have turned settlement of the West required great time of the surrender or sacrifice. out to be a great blessing—even eternal faith and sacrifices. The period preHowever, to fully realize the imporlife. ceding and following the Manifesto

tance of the law of sacrifice, it is necesOn another occasion one of Jesus'was most difficult. And so each period

sary to consider the purpose of life. disciples said that he wanted to follow had its own peculiar tests; and as they

This earth life has been provided that him but asked, "Lord, suffer me first were successfully met, a broad and each of us might be proved to see if we to go and bury my father. solid foundation was laid for us to

will do all things that the Lord com- "But Jesus said unto him, Follow build upon.

mands us to do. me; and let the dead bury their dead."The Savior instructed us to seek first

While the Lord has given us a clear (Matt. 8:2122.) the kingdom of God; and to do this,

plan to follow, we must recognize that As the Savior was calling the fisherwe must put the Church first in our evil influences exist and provide tempman Simon, also called Peter, and lives, even though it requires selftations and obstacles for us to overother disciples, he said, "Fear not; for denial and sacrifice.

come. henceforth thou shalt catch men. We are living in a new era, a period

For, as Lehi said to his son Jacob: "And when they had brought their of constant changes, a time of unprece-

"For it must needs be, that there ships to land, they forsook all, and foldented growth and development—the

is an opposition in all things. If not so, lowed him."(Luke 5:1011.) age'of the jet airplane, the computer,

... righteousness could not be brought Peter and the other disciples were and the communications satellite.

to pass...."(2Ne. 2:11.) willing to accept and comply with the Our problems are those incident to

Inasmuch, then, as this earth life is law of sacrifice. The rich young ruler great and rapid growth and change.

a proving ground, it provides choices was not. Farreaching challenges are requiring

for us, and frequently the decisions we According to Webster's dictionary the sacrifice of the Saints'time, talents, have to make are not easy. Many of definition, Peter and the other disciples and means, possibly as great as ever

our decisions require sacrifices, and were willing to surrender a desirable before.

—somethingsacrifices involvethat givingappearsup somethingimportant youngconditionrulerfor wasa highernot. object;Peter andthe richthe family,Today,andsomepositionsare sacrificingwhen theyfriends,join

and desirable. other disciples received the blessings. the Church, as some did in the early

In considering our free agency and Jesus'life was the perfect example history of the Church.

the opposition that exists in all things, of dedication and sacrifice. He had no Today many are sacrificing for miswe must never forget that God always silver or gold to give, but he gave faith sionary work, either in supporting

functions within eternal laws. to his disciples, health to the sick, and

The Lord has said, "I, the Lord, am hope to the discouraged. His life was

bound when ye do what I say; but in every respect a sacrifice for all. Text continues on page 75

70 Improvement Era The Falling Away and

Restoration of the Gospel of

Jesus Christ Foretold

A falling away from the true religion that Christ preached, from the ordinances he performed, and from the church he organized was foretold in the Bible.

Confirming this loss of truth are many voices of history's great Christian reformers. Many of them sought to

conform with the Holy Scriptures; some looked for

the restoration "of all things"that Peter had prophesied.

The Latterday Saints not only recognize the falling away, but also announce that God has made himself known to mortal men in these modern times, and has restored his church in detail as it was anciently.

M"M I

i-

jjsnta

A Falling Away Prophesied Christianity Has Ceased to Exi

APOSTLE PAUL MARTIN LUTHER

"Be not soon shaken in mind, or be fl have sought nothing beyond troubled, neither by spirit, nor by word, reforming the Church in conformity nor by letter as from us, as that the with the Holy Scriptures. The

day of Christ is at hand. Let no spiritual powers have been not only

man deceive you by any means: for corrupted by sin,*but absolutely

that day shall not come, except destroyed; so that there is now nothing

there come a falling away first...."in them but a depraved reason and

2nd Thessalonians 2:2-3 a will that is the enemy and opponent

of God. I simply say that Christianity

has ceased to exist among those who *> should have preserved it."

Gifts of the Holy Ghost No Longer Found

JOHN WESLEY ROGER WILLIAMS

"It does not appear that these "There is no regularly constituted extraordinary gifts of the Holy Ghost church on earth, nor any person were common in the Church for qualified to administer any church more than two or three centuries. We ordinances; nor can there be until

seldom hear of them after that new apostles are sent by the Great Head fatal period when the Emperor of the Church for whose coming I himself calledConstantine a Christian. am seeking."

they almost time... From this

totally ceased The Christians had no more of the Spirit of Christ than the other heathens.... This was

the real cause why the extraordinary gifts of the Holy Ghost were no longer to be found in the Christian

Church; because the Christians

were turned Heathen again, and had only a dead form left."

sir

Sees a Restoration of Christianity AH Things to Be Restored

THOMAS JEFFERSON APOSTLE PETER "The religion builders have so "He shall send Jesus Christ, whom distorted and deformed the doctrines of the heaven must receive until the times

Jesus, so muffled them in mysticisms, of restitution of all things, which fancies and falsehoods, have God hath spoken by the mouth of all caricatured them into forms so his holy prophets since the world inconceivable, as to shock reasonable began."

thinkers Happy in the prospect Acts 3:2021

of a restoration of primitive Christianity, I must leave to younger persons to encounter and lop off the false branches which have been engrafted into it by the mythologists of the middle and modern ages."

missionaries or by going on missions or brethren, or wife, or children, for themselves, as many have throughout the kingdom of God's sake, the history of the Church. "Who shall not receive manifold

Today we have a full Church promore in this present time, and in the gram; and whether we are called upon world to come life everlasting."(Luke

to be a Sunday School teacher, a 18:2930.)

bishop, an usher, to pass the sacrament, How true this is!

to be a missionary, to work on a welEach of us has his duties to perform, fare project, to do genealogical work, and to perform them faithfully should to consult on data processing problems, be our constant aim, even though selfor any other Church assignment, or denial is required.

whether we are called upon to make Let us all appreciate that today as of contributions of our means, we should old: "Sacrifice brings forth the blessrecognize that "whatever [we] do acings of heaven."

cording to the will of the Lord is the May we each put the Church first in

Lord's business."(D&C 64:29.) our lives and more fully understand

Sacrifices today are in reality opporand appreciate the eternal law of sactunities, the same as they have always rifice. May sacrifice become a part of

been. With reference to sacrifices inour daily lives, that we and our famicurred in building the kingdom of God, lies may enjoy the blessings derived

the Savior promised, "... There is no therefrom, I pray, in the name of Jesus

man that hath left house, or parents, Christ. Amen. O

Members hear conference in native language.

Go Forth to Serve

Eldred G. Smith

Patriarch to the Church

We all remember well the Savior's that would make him most serviceable explanation of the final judgment. He to his fellowmen. Therefore, learn to do

explained that to the righteous on his that which you enjoy doing, the thing right hand he would say: "Come, ye you are happiest at doing. People like

blessed of my Father, inherit the kingdoing that which they do well.

dom prepared for you from the founGive only secondary thought to the dation of the world: monetary advantage of your chosen

"For I was an hungred, and ye gave vocation. As you serve others, your joy

me meat: I was thirsty, and ye gave me in serving increases.

drink: I was a stranger, and ye took "It's Einstein said: that high time

in:Earphones relay translated sermons. me the ideal of success should be replaced

"Naked, and ye clothed me: I was by the ideal of service."

sick, and ye visited me: I was in prison, Lord Halifax said, "Service is the

and ye came unto me. rent we pay for our own room on

"Then shall the righteous answer earth."

saying, Lord, thee him, saw we when

I like this slogan the Brigham Young thirsty, or thee? and fed an hungred, and gave thee drink? University uses: "Enter to Learn—Go

"When saw we thee a stranger, and Forth to Serve."

took thee in? or naked, and clothed Your vocation should be to help you

thee? serve more fully. If one's education

"Or when saw we thee sick, or in omits the spiritual side of life, it is prison, and came unto thee? very unbalanced.

"And the King shall answer and say To know where we came from, why unto them, Verily I say unto you, Inwe are here, and where we are going asmuch as ye have done it unto one of is most vital of all our learning.

the least of these my brethren, ye have In the Church we learn by doing.

done it unto me."(Matt. 25:3440.) Knowledge alone is of little value. For

To serve God, then, is to serve our this reason the Lord has given opporfellowmen. tunities to serve in his kingdom. Each

How can we serve? Our ability to member of the Church may have the

serve might well be increased through opportunity to serve in one capacity or preparation. another.

In seeking education, one should seek Being a missionary is a wonderful way

Aaronic Priesthood bearer listens intently. to develop those talents that he has of serving. He who fulfills a mission

June 1967 75 LDS BOOKS 15% CASH SAVINGS ON with the idea uppermost in his mind we may take part in that grand and

OVER 500 LDS BOOKS to take the glorious message of the gosglorious work of service of vicarious up to 20% on some titles pelhis ownto others,benefits,givingwill littlehave thethoughtgreatestto worktogetherfor forthetimedead,andof eternity.sealing families

Details on how you can obtain your LDS books at joy and happiness and success in his President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., has

savings these available upon request, or the details work. reminded us, "In the service of the sent with will be your order.

President McKay has said, "Every Lord, it is not where you serve but member a missionary,"which should how."(The Improvement Era, June

Vol. TOTS, TALKS 2 $1.80 FOR opportunity everyone an 412.) p. of serving 1951,

(reg. postpaid give Joyce B. $2.25) Maughan

of in the greatest our Lord. kingdom of all the acts of service The

ACCORDING TO YOUR All the activities of the Church are was that of Jesus Christ, our Savior,

FAITH $1.80 service. acts of Priesthood suffered is given as his he did and gave to us who Marr Petersen (reg. $2.25) Emma postpaid that life for to others. all us, for might be of service mankind, that we we REASONING, REVELATION—There is no such thing as priesthood might, through our faithfulness, receive

YOU! $3.96 AND life; to that or enables elevate eternal to immortality not and a man postpaid power Unopulos, James Jr. (reg. $4.95)

satisfy benefit himself, as serves except alone, for the will of Christ he but

GETTING ORGANIZED $3.96 others. He cannot use priesthood for the will of our Father which is in

Helen B. Andelin (reg. $4.95) postpaid his own benefit. Priesthood is service. heaven, who has declared, "... this is

THE FOURTH THOUSAND Joseph Fielding Smith has said: "No my work and my glory—to bring to YEARS $5.90 pass Put a the immortality and eternal life man off by man is independent.

W. Cleon Skousen (reg. $6.95) of postpaid himself communicate where he could man."(Moses 1:39.)

THE TEN MOST WANTED with none of his fellow beings or reThen we too must come to that deMEN $3.35 ceive aid from them, and he would gree of perfection of total service as he

Paul H. Dunn (reg. $3.95) postpaid perish miserably. It is a mistake to did, if we are to receive the great blessMORMON DOCTRINE $5.90 draw within ourselves, as does a snail ings promised of immortality and eterBruce R. McConkie (reg. $6.95) postpaid into its shell. No man has been given nal life.

FASCINATING WOMANHOOD $4.40 the Priesthood as an ornament only. If service is the work of God, and if

Helen B. Andelin (reg. $5.50) postpaid He is expected to use it in behalf of we are to become as he is and return

the salvation of others."(Joseph Fieldto live with him in his kingdom, our

If order is for less than $3.00 add 10c handling ing Smith, The Way to Perfection, p. work must be to serve others. There

charge. Residents of Arizona add 3 percent sales tax. 218.) are many ways to serve. Every activity

unselfish service the of provides opportunity have an Church Then we LDS MAILBOX BOOKSTORE Society, to Relief mothers. is no rendered There by theserve—priesthood, P.O. Arizona Mesa, Box 2454, 85201 tithes; all service greater genealogy, motherof the paying of honorable than

Offer only in U.S. and Canada. good

service biological just of auxiliary the organizations are hood, not the memotherhood, but the rearing of children diums through which we may serve.

and teaching them the ways of the We can serve God by serving our

Lord, teaching them what they should fellowmen and by keeping his comFOR OLDFASHIONED knowthey mightand livewhatwiththeyhimshouldsome day.do thatTo Christ,mandments.and IThiswishis theto beargospeltestimonyof Jesus

HEALTHGIVING me, the greatest title of all is the title that this gospel has been restored in latter to.. these the days by revelation

today Smith, Prophet and to us Joseph GOODNESS heof "Mother."that is greatestThe amongLord hasyousaid,shall". be

"CORONA"your servant."(Matt. 23:11.) What through President David O. McKay,

describe Prophet the President and motherhood! is now way to whoGRAIN MILL better

dispensation. in this built, I pray the are first, that the Temples of Godfor use with

corn, nuts,wheat, all, of blessings of that the receive the ordinances Lord on living might we etc. Easily adjusts serve to will learn sealing of families and together do his for time him mayfor fine or coarse

grinding. Regular serving eternity, I pray in our all serve fellowmen; that each by and may

C model#1 o that then, unit; other the Jesus as a family Christ. Amen. each name ofpostpaid. New$9.951 CTSP

model mill with extra fine grinding plates $10.95

postpaid. East of

Rockies add $1.00

postage on either mill.

Extra fine grinding plates for old 1 C mill available.

WRITE FOR PRICES ON ELECTRIC MILLS "Special"quantity prices to church groups on both grain mills and bread mixer. Peace in This World

Marion G. Romney

Of the Council of the Twelve

My brothers and sisters, I have in asking the Lord to bless us while I mind speaking to you a few minutes occupy your valuable time. The subthis afternoon about a subject that I ject I have selected is "peace in this

myself have learned about through world."I have taken my text from the

BREAD MIXER somelast conference.rather severeTherefore,experiencesif sinceI amtheto Covenants:59th Section of the Doctrine and

makes of the works doeth.. he who

his reward, shall receive $13.95a bread batchpostpaidforto1 you.to 4 loaves Spiritdo thisof effectively,the Lord. II musthave soughthave theit. righteousness".

Utah residents add 49c Sales Tax I ask you now to join with me in even peace in this world, and eternal

Send orders to:

SMITHFIELD IMPLEMENT CO.

99 N. Main Smithfield, Utah

76 Improvement Era life in the world to come."(D&C the world."(John 16:33.) "Yea, blessed are they whose feet

59:23.) From these scriptures it is apparent stand upon the land of Zion, who have

This text promises two rewards: one that the "peace"of our text is heavenobeyed my gospel; for...

in'this world and another in the world sent. "... they shall... be crowned with

to come. Reference to "the world to Among those who enjoy it, of course, blessings from above, yea, and with

come"brings to mind an incident that it brings "harmony in personal relacommandments not a few, and occurred in a divorce action when I tions."If men generally enjoyed it, with revelations in their time—they

was practicing law some 35 years ago. it would banish civil disturbance and that are faithful and diligent before

As the court was about to render its war. But in the absence of both mume.

decision, the plaintiff, a woman, retual concord and civil peace, it may "Wherefore, I give unto them a quested and was granted a private conand does dwell in the hearts of many commandment, saying thus: Thou

ference. Nervously approaching the people. The promise of it runs to each shalt love the Lord thy God with all

bench, she audibly whispered: "Your and every person who will qualify thy heart, with all thy might, mind,

honor, I want a divorce for this world himself to receive it, regardless of the and strength; and in the name of

only, not for the world to come."actions of those about him. "... he Jesus Christ thou shalt serve him.

Unlike that judge, the Great Judge who doeth the works of righteousness "Thou shalt love thy neighbor as who spoke the words of our text has shall,"says the Lord—not may or can, thyself. Thou shalt not steal; neitherjurisdiction both in this world and the but shall—"receive his reward, even commit adultery, nor kill, nor do anyworld to come; although the promised peace in this world, and eternal life thing like unto it.

rewards in the two are interdependent, in the world to come."(D&C 59:23.) "Thou shalt thank the Lord thy

I propose in these remarks to deal The revelation from which our text God in all things.

principally with peace in this world. is taken not only extends to the Saints "Thou shalt offer a sacrifice unto

First, let us agree upon the meaning the comforting promise of peace in this the Lord thy God in righteousness, of the word "peace.""Freedom from world; it also specifies some of the even that of a broken heart and a

civil disturbance or war"is one dicspecific works of righteousness upon contrite spirit.

tionary definition. That this is not which the promise is conditioned. "And that thou mayest more fully

the "peace"promised, however, is The circumstances under which the keep thyself unspotted from the world, evident from the fact that about the revelation was received, as well as its thou shalt go to the house of prayer time the Lord spoke our text, he also content, are interesting and instructive. and offer up thy sacraments upon my

said: "... the hour is not yet, but is During the summer of 1831, "the holy day."(D&C 59:1, 3-9.)

nigh at hand, when peace [meaning mission to Western Missouri and the Then, after giving detailed instrucfreedom from civil disturbance or war] gathering of the Saints to that place tions concerning observance of the shall be taken from the earth,..."was the most important subject which Sabbath day, the Lord concludes with

(D&C 1:35), and from the further fact then engrossed the attention of the this promise:

that in 1894 and again in 1896, PresiChurch."(Documentary History of "... learn that he who doeth the

dent Woodruff, then the Lord's mouththe Church, Vol. 1, p. 182.) Those are works of righteousness shall receive his

piece on the earth, indicated that the the words of the Prophet Joseph. reward, even peace in this world, and

time for such peace to be taken from Between the 19th of June and the eternal life in the world to come."

the earth had then come. (Discourses middle of July the Prophet and his (D&C 59:23.)

of Wilford Woodruff, pp. 25152.) Inassociates traveled from Kirtland, Ohio, In this manner did the Lord relate

formed Latterday Saints know that to Independence, Missouri. The the rewards to specific works and urged

this earth will never again, during its Prophet himself walked all the way the Saints to learn for themselves that telestial existence, be free from civil from St. Louis to Independence, a dispeace in this world comes as a reward

disturbance and war. tance of about 300 miles. for works of righteousness.

Nor does the "peace"of which we Between the time of their arrival Peace in this world, being an inner speak mean "harmony in personal reand the 7th of August, when the revefeeling, is difficult to define. It may,

lations,"another dictionary definition. lation was given, the Colesville Branch therefore, perhaps be best understood

Jesus made this plain when he said: arrived to join the few Saints who had through illustrations. You who are

"Think not that I am come to send preceded them. "W. W. Phelps familiar with the Book of Mormon

peace on earth: I came not to send preached to a western audience."will recall the experiences of Enos,

peace, but a sword. (DHC, Vol. 1, p. 190.) Several other who, in the true spirit of repentance,

"For I am come to set a man at revelations were received. "The first sought forgiveness of sins with such

variance against his father, and the log, for a house, as a foundation of persistent faith and prayer that "there daughter against her mother, and the Zion in Kaw township"was laid. came a voice unto [him,] saying: Enos,

daughter in law against her mother in (DHC, Vol. 1, p. 196.) The site for thy sins are forgiven thee, and thou

law."(Matt. 10:3435.) the temple was revealed and dedicated, shalt be blessed."Whereupon Enos

Jesus was, however, talking about and the first conference in Zion was wrote:

the "peace"of which we speak when held. "... I... knew that God could not

to his disciples he said: Interest and enthusiasm among the lie; wherefore, my guilt was swept

"Peace I leave with you, my peace I people ran high. The Saints, having away.

give unto you: not as the world giveth, but recently arrived on the scene, were "And I said: Lord, how is it done?

give I unto you. Let not your heart all agog over the glorious predictions "And he said unto me: Because of

be troubled, neither let it be afraid."concerning latterday Zion. thy faith in Christ,... wherefore, go

(John 14:27.) It was under these circumstances, to, thy faith hath made thee whole."

He was also talking about such with the Saints perhaps a little over- (Enos 6-8.)

"peace"when, just before he offered anxiously anticipating Zion as it shall Thereafter Enos besought the Lord his intercessory prayer, he concluded be in its perfection and without fully to preserve a record, "... that it might

his instructions to his disciples with appreciating the works of righteousbe brought forth at some future day the words: ness required to bring about that perunto the Lamanites,...

"These things I have spoken unto fection, that the Lord said to them: "... and he covenanted with me

you, that in me ye might have peace. "... blessed,... are they who have [wrote Enos] that he would bring them

In the world ye shall have tribulation; come up unto this land with an eye forth unto the Lamanites in his own

but be of good cheer; I have overcome single to my glory.... due time.

June 1967 77 Happy Homemakers "And I, Enos, knew it would be

Know the Secret... hadaccordingmade; towhereforethe covenantmy soulwhichdid rest."he

13, 1617.) happy home, like most good (Enos A Contributing to the peace and rest things, "just doesn't happen."

Your wisdom and ingenuity that filled the soul of Enos was the make the difference. For accompanying assurance of eternal life

budgeting and child developin the world to come that accompanied ment techniques... Let it. This he thus expressed:

B.Y.U. Home Study help "... I soon go to the place of my

you by enrolling in Housing rest, which is with my Redeemer; for

and Home Management 350x. I know that in him I shall rest. And

Send today... for your free I rejoice in the day when my mortal

catalog listing over 300 courses shall put on immortality, and shall stand before him; then shall I see his

HOME STUDY, e-6-67 untoface withme: Comepleasure,untoandme,heye willblessed,say

Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah there is a place prepared for you in the

Please send your Home Study Catalog to: mansions of my Father. Amen."(Enos

NAME 27.)At times numerous persons have

ADDRESS sought and obtained this feeling of

CITY STATE peacethe firstat chaptersthe sameoftime.MosiahRecordedis a powin

ZIP CODE erful message received by King Benjamin from an angel of the Lord and delivered by him to his subjects. The

message concerned the atonement of

Christ, by means of which men, through faith and repentance, may obtain forgiveness of sins, which for- 'Portable giveness heals the spirit and thus brings peace to the soul. Having delivered the message, Benjamin "cast his

eyes round about multitude, on the Copier for and behold fallen they had to the earth, for the fear of the Lord had come upon them. genealogists "... And they all cried aloud with

one voice, saying: O have mercy, and

apply the atoning blood of Christ that we may receive forgiveness of our sins, and our hearts may be purified; for we

in Jesus Christ, the Son of 14"copies anywhere! believe

. Make your own %W x God,..

"And it came to pass that after they "colors photographs and Copies these had spoken the Spirit words of yj-j nfl "1 the Lord came them, upon they and * all inks Copies Low Cost i i a SSmmn filled were joy, with having received a /"Requires no messy chemicals remission of their sins, and having of conscience, because of the or powders peace DRY PHOTO j exceeding faith which they had..."(Mosiah 4:1-3.) COPI ER J Write or call for FREE demonstration Jesus Christ. in

Another dramatic example of a community experiencing peace in a world of tribulation concerns the people of

Alma, who had covenanted with the

Lord in the waters of Mormon and

YOST OFFICE FINCH'S A. H. PEMBROKE who were later brought into bondage

by Amulon, tasks "put who them, upon No. 10th St. 213 SYSTEMS COMPANY and put taskmasters over them. BOISE East No. Yellowstone South 3rd 1715 333 so great "And afflic-... their were 3435435 CITY FALLS IDAHO SALT LAKE tions that they to cry began mightily

2323931 3633861 to God.

"And Amulon commanded them that they should stop their cries; and

he put guards over them to watch them, that whosover should be found calling upon God should be put to

BARNES death.

his and did "And people not Alma TRAVEL WORLD ELK, DEER, MOOSE! HUNT raise their voices to their the Lord iuropean $599.00 Tours—outfitter and LDS guide did but their to God, pour out hearts

... Twentyone includes Air days

Evan Pope, Sage, Wyoming Fare, Hotels, and Sightseeing.

We make all reservations.

105 E. 3rd So., Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

78 Improvement Era him;... that you and I may enjoy the prom-

"And it came to pass that the voice ised "peace in this world"and the of the Lord came to them in their assurance of "eternal life in the world afflictions, saying: Lift up your heads to come"on the prescribed terms. Only

and be of good comfort, for I know of those who experience such peace and the covenant which ye have made unto assurance can appreciate how they me;... come and the joy they bring. The

"And I will... ease the burdens thought of them, however, is associated

which are put upon your shoulders, in my mind with two scriptures. First,

that even you cannot feel them upon from the account Nephi gives of his your backs,.... while you are in experience on the mount with the

bondage;... Spirit of the Lord, who said to him:

"And now it came to pass that the "... Knowest thou the meaning of

burdens which were laid upon Alma the tree which thy father saw?

and his brethren were made light; "And I answered him,... Yea, it

yea, the Lord did strengthen them that is the love of God, which sheddeththey could bear up their burdens with itself abroad in the hearts of the LOS FILMS ease,... children of men; wherefore, it is the are available for rental from

"And it came to pass that so great most desirable above all things. libraries located in

was their faith and their patience that "And he spake unto me, saying: Yea,

the voice of the Lord came unto them and the most joyous to the soul."IDAHO FALLS LETHBRIDGE

comfort,again, saying: Ne. 11:2123.) of good for (1 Be

I will deliver such joy and peace does not LOS ANGELES MESA you out the Now, morrowon of bondage."(Mosiah 24:9-16.) come from knowing about Deity; it NEW YORK CITY

illustrations are but samples implied from the comes knowledge These by PROVO his in Father for the thankingof scripJesus to be found when, the many tures. But each of them, as do the the power to give eternal life to his SALT LAKE CITY

is life this text said: followers,others, truth of our the evidences he "And

eternal, thee the Write for free brochure. in this that theythat always might world peace comes know

after the receiver has done the works only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom Educational Media Services of righteousness. Enos, the subjects thou hast sent."(John 17:3.) Brigham Young University

of King Benjamin, and the people of God bless you, my beloved brothers Provo, Utah 84601 sisters, all get that your demonstrated, good and you by hadAlma may

Co., Film Book Dept. the Deseret sights to faith in their beforeworks, the Christ God, coming on know East South 44 Temple

is Father, Christ Eternal Jesus the peace This came. andreward way whom Salt City, Lake Utah 84110

just sent: talk this to not in about world. be obhas It can hecomes

tained in no other way. The promised them, but a personal acquaintance with

peace of our text emanates from Christ. them. When you get such a knowlHe is the source of it. His spirit is edge, you will have "peace in this

the essence of it. world."In the name of Jesus Christ.

I bear you my witness that I know Amen. o

Saturday Evening Priesthood Session, April 8, 1967

A Son's Tribute to the Prophet

Elder Robert R. McKay

My dear brethren: Now I know what opportunity in the presence of about

President N. Eldon Tanner meant last 95,000 brethren to tell your father how

Thursday morning when in the little much you loved him. The question

as frequently, to it does comes before the opento me it feel brothers, does the talks, to be "How and myrooming—weat thewereside—justdiscussing

President McKay looked at me and the son of a prophet?"How do you

said, "Well, Robert, what do you answer a question like that? You don't The Incomparable

think?"And I said, "Whatever you explain it; you live it. Jessie Evans Smith

he hasthink."love and As my father, my

of Recordings available at the thoughts and I echo I said, "I think I am prepared if devotion, you decide at the last minute not to my brothers and sisters. As the PresiCOVENANT RECORDINGS

deliver your message."President Tandent of the Church, and as a prophet 1470 So. State

Father, has of our Heavenly hener the touched shoulder on and me my Salt Lake City, Utah 84115 priestof obedience the talk, as a member at thelooked said, "Well, and he at least you are better off with it than hood, and my sustaining vote. and

without it."I can say this, and act as a personal

Brethren, I think there isn't a son witness, because in all of my years DESERET BOOK CO.

among you here who would pass this of close association in the home, on 44 East South Temple

Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

Write for FREE Catalog

June 1967 79 the farm, in business, in the Church, Heavenly Father. I leave you that on some religious theme."Meditation

there has never been shown to me one personal witness, and I will close that is a form of prayer. We can say

action nor one word, even while trainin the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. prayers without having any spiritual

ing a selfwilled horse, that would [Elder Robert R. McKay then read response. We can say prayers as the

throw any doubt in my mind that he the message prepared for the general unrighteous king in Hamlet, who said:

should be and finally did become the priesthood meeting by President David "My words fly up, my thoughts rerepresentative and Prophet of our O. McKay.] o main below: Words without thoughts

never to heaven go."(William

Shakespeare, Hamlet, Act III, scene 3.)

The poet Robert Burns, contrasting the outward form of worship and the prayer of the soul, said:

Consciousness of God: "The Power, incens'd, the pageant will

Supreme Goal of Life Thedesert.pompous strain, the sacerdotal

stole; President David 0. McKay But haply, in some cottage far apart,

May hear, wellpleas'd, the language (Read by his son Robert R. McKay) of the soul,

And in His Book of Life the inmates

Brethren of the priesthood, and owe to your fellowmen. poor enroll."

esteemed fellow workers, my heart is In view of the responsibilities facing (Robert Burns, "The Cotter's full of gratitude tonight for the privithis body of priesthood holders and Saturday Night.")

lege of participating in this meeting leaders in the Church, especially durwith you. There is a concentration of ing these uncertain and crucial times, Meditation is one of the most secret,

power in these priesthood meetings I should like to emphasize the need most sacred doors through which we that is inspiring. No one who attends for more spirituality, for more meditapass into the presence of the Lord.

can escape that influence, and the retion and communion with our Father Jesus set the example for us. As soon

sponsibility of giving a message to you in heaven. I ask that you men of the as he was baptized and received the

Father's I, therefore, for approval—"This presidents, is overwhelming. stake beloved pray you my priesthood—you

in Son,your pleased"prayers sympathy, your leaders in stakes faith, and bishops, and other whom I am wellis (Matt. repairedthat the spirit of to it that a to what message given may be diand wards—see 3:17)—Jesus

is directed.vinely of reverence in now is maintained the Mount known as our homes

It has always been my nature to and houses of worship. Temptation where, during forty days

enjoy the company of my associates. Our houses of worship furnish a of fasting, he communed with himself

I love to be with my friends, and the wonderful opportunity to commune and his Father and contemplated the older I grow the more intense becomes with one's self and to commune with responsibility of his own great mismy appreciation of fellowship in the the Lord, especially during the sacrasion. One result of this spiritual combrotherhood of Christ, and I sense that ment period. Sunday is a day of munipn was such strength as enabled

tonight more deeply, more sincerely worship, which we turn over to him. him to say to the tempter: "Get thee

than ever before. As I feel of your We may rest assured that he will be hence, Satan: for it is written, Thou

spirit, I picture those of you who are there in that house of worship to inshalt worship the Lord thy God, and gathered in the Assembly Hall, and in spire us if we come in proper attunehim only shalt thou serve."(Matt.

the 478 other meetings being held at ment to meet him. 4:10.)

this hour across the United States and We are not prepared to meet him if Before he gave the beautiful Sermon in Canada. I have nothing but blesswe bring thoughts regarding business on the Mount, he was in solitude, in

ing in my heart for you. I like to call affairs, and especially if we come communion. He did the same thing

you my beloved associates and fellow knowing we have been disloyal to our after that busy Sabbath day, when he workers, and that love is akin to the wives and other members of our famarose early in the morning after having love we have for our families. If we ilies, and bring feelings of hatred, been the guest of Peter. Peter uncan keep this unity, this confidence, enmity, and jealousy toward our feldoubtedly found the guest chamber

nothing in the world can stop the lowman. Most certainly no individual empty, and when he and others sought

progress of this work. can hope to come into communion Jesus, they found him alone. It was on

The greatest comfort in this life is with the Father if that individual has that morning that they said: "All men

the assurance of having a close relasuch disloyalty or entertains any such seek for thee."(Mark 1:37.)

tionship with God, and I believe in the feelings, as they are foreign to worship Again, after Jesus had fed the 5,000, statement that "the greatest battle of and are particularly out of tune with he told the Twelve to dismiss the life is fought within the silent chamthe partaking of the sacrament. multitude. Then Jesus, the historian

bers of your own soul."It has been I think we pay too little attention says, went to the mountain for solitude;

said that "consciousness of God is the to the value of meditation, a principle and "when the evening was come, he highest achievement in human experiof devotion. In our worship there are was there alone."(Matt. 14:23.) Medience and is the supreme goal of human two elements: One is spiritual comtation! Prayer!

life. This is true religion. It is a munion arising from our own medita- I believe the short period of adminmental, spiritual experience of the tion; the other, instruction from others, istering the sacrament is one of the

highest order."Many of you priestparticularly from those who have aubest opportunities we have for such

hood members know what that experithority to guide and instruct us. Of meditation, and there should be nothence is. It is a good thing to sit down the two, the more profitable introing during that sacred period to

and commune with yourself, to come spectively is meditation. distract our attention from the purto an understanding with yourself and Meditation is the language of the pose of that ordinance.

decide in that silent moment what soul. It is defined as "a form of priOne of the most impressive services

your duty is to your family, to your vate devotion or spiritual exercise, I have ever attended was a group of

Church, to your country, and what you consisting in deep, continued reflection over 800 people to whom the sacrament

80 Improvement Era was administered, and during that administration not could a sound be Happiness is ticking clockheard except the of the 800 souls, each of whom at least had the opportunity of communion withthe Lord! There was no distraction, Electric

no music, no singing, no speaking.

Each one had an opportunity to searchhimself introspectively, and to conAir Conditioning sider his worthiness or unworthiness to partake of the sacrament. His was

the privilege of getting closer to his

Father in heaven. That is ideal!

I strongly urge that this sacred ordinance be surrounded with more reverence, with perfect order; that each one

who comes to the house of God may meditate upon and silently and prayerfully express appreciation for God's goodness. It is up to you bishops to see

to it that the sacrament is administered only by boys and young men who are worthy to attend to this sacred ordinance, and that it is done reverently with a full understanding of its significance to them and to the audience.

Let the sacrament hour be oneexperience of the day in which the worshiper tries at least to realize within himself that it is possible for him to commune with his God.

Never forget that great events have happened in this Church because of such communion, and because of the responsiveness of the soul to the inspiration of the Almighty. I know it

is real! You will find that when these

most inspirational moments come to you, you are alone with yourself andyour God. They come to you probably Costs Less

when you are facing a great trial, when So Easy to Install. Central electric air conditioning costs approxi-

a wall is across your pathway and it mately half as much as flame type. The electric way is the simplest

seems that you are facing an insurfor adding to an existing warm air heating system.

mountable obstacle, or when your heart is heavy because of some tragedy in Low Cost Comfort. You stay refreshed, your home stays cleaner

your life. I repeat, the greatest comwith electric air conditioning. And it costs less to install and

fort that can come to us in this life maintain.

is to sense the realization of communion with God. Buy Now While Prices Are Down. Whether you choose to air

Great testimonies have come in those condition electrically with a central system or a convenient room moments. It is just such an experience air conditioner, prices are approximately 30% below prices six

as that which came to my father in the years ago.

north of Scotland when he prayed to

God to remove from him a spirit of See your dealer now and see how much you can save.

gloom and despondency that overBecause it's electric, it's better.

whelmed him. After a night of worry

at daylight restlessness, arose heand shore of UTAH POWER A LIGHT CO. to a cave on theand repaired

the North Sea. He had been there

before in prayer. There, just as the

rays of the morning light began to sea, out poured the over hecome as appeal a to sonsoul would God, his 500 FOOD STORAGE to his father. The answer came: BOOKLET

"Testify that Joseph Smith is a Prophet of God."The cause of his discourageOrder from Deseret What Should We Store?

ment flashing upon his mind, he said Book Co., your nearest Storing to Prevent Spoilage

aloud: "Lord, it is enough!"book or music store, Notes on Specific Foods

father could knew Those who my

Etc, his integritytestify to his as and honoringsend3.5%$2.59sales(includtax) Rotate Your Perishables,

esty. A testimony of that kind has to Quick Printing Co., Group Rates Available

value. percent hundredone

So. Main 1495 these conscienprayers, secret These St., W. D. BATCH ELOR City, Salt Lake Utah

84115. If not completely satisfied, money61 Beacon Ave.

back guarantee. LAYTON, UTAH 84041

June 1967 81 tious moments in meditation, these height of rudeness, except in an everywhere, will be led to know of yearnings of the soul to reach out to emergency, to leave a worshiping asits truth.

feel the presence of God—such is your sembly before dismissal. God bless you men of the priesthood,

privilege and mine! Reverence for God's name should be you teachers of youth, you parents, and

Inseparable from the acceptance of dominant in every home. Profanity all good people everywhere. May the

the existence of God is an attitude of should never be expressed in a home ecclesiastical groups of the Church be reverence. The greatest manifestation in this Church. It is wrong; it is blessed with the spirit of unity and

of spirituality is reverence; indeed, irreverent to take God's name in vain. harmony. May there be banished from

reverence is spirituality. Reverence is There is no provocation that will justheir hearts the spirit of enmity, backprofound respect mingled with love. It tify it. Let us apply that quality and biting, and evil speaking, and may they

is a "complex emotion made up of that virtue of reverence at all times. keep in their hearts the truth expressed

mingled feelings of the soul."Carlyle If there were more reverence in huby Jesus when he said, ".:. if ye are

says it is "the highest of human feelman hearts, there would be less room not one ye are not mine."(D&C

ings."If reverence is the highest, then for sin and sorrow, and there would 38:27.)

irreverence is the lowest state in which be increased capacity for joy and glad- I pray we may have the strength so a man can live in the world. Be that ness. To make more cherished, more to live that we may merit divine guidas it may, it is nevertheless true that an adaptable, more attractive this gem ance and inspiration; that through

irreverent man has a crudeness about among brilliant virtues is a project worship, meditation, communion, and him that is repellent. He is cynical, worthy of the most united and prayerreverence we may sense the reality of

often sneering, and always iconoclastic. ful efforts of every parent, every officer, being able to have a close relationship

Reverence embraces regard, deferand every member of the Church. with our Father in heaven. I bear you

ence, honor, and esteem. Without My soul is stirred with deep emomy testimony that it is real; that we

some degree of it, therefore, there tions when I think of what the gospel can commune with our Heavenly would be no courtesy, no gentility, no has done for this people, and what it Father. And if we so live to be

consideration of others'feelings or of will yet do if we will but keep in tune worthy of the companionship of the others'rights. Reverence is the fundawith his Spirit and commandments. I Holy Spirit, he will guide us unto all

mental virtue in religion. It is one of love the gospel and believe in it with truth; he will show us things to come;

the signs of strength; irreverence, one all my soul; I know it is the power of he will bring all things to our reof the surest indications of weakness. God unto salvation. I bear witness membrance; he will testify of the di-

"No man will rise high,"says one that the gospel of Jesus Christ was vinity of the Lord Jesus Christ and man, "who jeers at sacred things. The revealed in its completeness to the restoration of the gospel. God bless

fine loyalties of life must be reverenced Prophet Joseph Smith, and I pray that you all for your faith and loyalty, in or they will be foresworn in the day our young people, and all people the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. O

of trial."Churches are dedicated and set apart as houses of worship. This means that

all who enter do so, or at least pretend to do so, with an intent to get nearer the presence of the Lord than they can on the street or amidst the worries of a workaday life. In other words, we

go to the Lord's house to meet him and to commune with him in spirit. Sucha meeting place, then, should first of Being a Priesthood Man

all be fitting and appropriate in all respects, whether God is considered as Paul H. Dunn

the invited guest, or the worshipers as his guests. Of the First Council of the Seventy

Whether the place of meeting is a humble chapel, or a "poem in archiPresident McKay; my brethren: This Earlier in the conference, President

tecture"built of white marble and is indeed an honor. My soul with McKay, as you will recall, stirred our

inlaid with precious stones, makes yours has been lifted by this stirring souls with his profound message conlittle or no difference in our approach message from our President, and I have cerning our young people, and it caused and attitude toward the Infinite Presfelt the Spirit of the Lord here. I think, me to do a great deal of thinking,

ence. To know that God is there President McKay, it was most fitting some soulsearching in my own life;

should be sufficient to impel us to that your son Robert had this opporand as I went home last Thursday with conduct ourselves orderly, reverently. tunity to bear his own witness, for I his thoughts on my mind I reread a

Presiding authorities in stake, ward, sensed in this great congregation, and letter that had appeared in the Deseret and quorum meetings, and especially I know it carried throughout the News just a few nights before. I

teachers in classes, should make a speChurch, a feeling that here was a livthought it was significant, as it applies cial effort to maintain better order and ing testimony of a fatherson relationto fatherson relationships. May I just

more reverence during the hours of ship which in reality is the best of all share a part of it with you. This is a

worship and study. Less talking behind examples. My soul has been truly fed young navy man writing to an advice

the pulpit will have a salutary effect this night as I have heard your stirring column in the paper. He says: "Before

upon those who face it. By example message, and listened to the testimony I came into the service, I felt I knew

and precept, children should be imof your good son. just about everything. I was sure my

pressed with the inappropriateness of This is always a solemn occasion, parents no longer needed me, and all confusion and disorder in a worshiping brethren, and it is wonderful to see that I could think of was the day that congregation. They should be imso many assembled. To those who I could be on my own. The first time

pressed in childhood, and have it are not directly involved with us here I realized how much my parents cared emphasized in youth, that it is disin person, as usual the Tabernacle is for me was the day they took me to respectful to talk or even to whisper overflowing. It is an honor tonight to the train station to see me off. When

during a sermon, and that it is the be in your presence. my father said goodbye to me, he

82 Improvement Era broke down and cried. I have never build into our lives that more nearly divine authority to preside over a

seen my father cry before, and I shall bring the desired results. ward, so is the new husband given

never forget it as long as I live. I have When a young couple is married by divine authority to preside over his

had a lot of time to think. I never one of the Lord's appointed leaders, home and family. A bishop is given

told my father that I loved him. I a new Church unit is officially orthe responsibilities of presiding over

gave both my parents a hard time ganized. The man becomes the leader meetings, of directing the affairs of all

when they tried to guide me for my of this new and basic unit of the the ward auxiliaries, and of watching own good. Now I write home every Church. Just as a new bishop is given over the spiritual and physical welchance I get, and I am trying to make

up for the heartaches I must have caused them, and for my failure to be a better son. When my next leave

comes up, I am going straight home and really get acquainted with my wonderful parents. I have written this Richard L. Evans

letter in hopes that other thoughtless teenagers will wake up before letting forlate. Thanks me getit is thistoo The Spoken Word

off my chest."

Contrast that, if you will, with an experience I had just a few weeks ago as I "I Won't Count This Time came through the Los Angeles terminal on my way to Salt Lake City. While

waiting for my flight, I was approached Van Winkle was depicted by one playwright as excusing himin a former acquaintance Southernby "1 won't Ripself every time he did what he shouldn't do, by saying,California, exchanged and as we greetings as you do on such occasions, count this time!'Well, he may not count it,"said William James,

he hurried to tell me that he was down "and a kind heaven may not count it, but it is being counted nonetheless.

hisseeing son His boy off. was entercells and fibres, the molecules are counting it,ing the that Down among his nerve learned army. he When

I was to be on the same plane, he registering and scoring it up to be used against him when the next said, "Paul, would you be kind enough temptation comes. Nothing we ever do is in strict scientific literalness

to as far as sit with Salt son Lake?"my wiped out."And then the celebrated William James said: "Could theI told that be him than more I would

pleased to do so. young but realize how soon they will become... walking bundles of

So it was, and I got reacquainted habits, they would give more heed to their conduct.... We are spinning

with man, the young had matured who our own fates, good or evil.... Every smallest stroke of virtue or of

last sinceconsiderably met. had we

As we sat together we talked about vice leaves its never so little scar.... We are... imitators and copiers

the little things that mean a great of our past selves."1 But our habits, good or bad, weren't always habits.

deal to people, young and he comWhat we now do habitually we once did first—and then again—and then to tell his his storymenced of what

mom and dad had meant to him, and again. And since we become "slaves to our own past performance,"we

what a great influence his'home life had better be particular about beginning anything that could become a him.had had on habit. Obviously the reason habits have bad is because we the did we

said, know, Brother "You He Dunn, first time what shouldn't at have been to done all. This offer may seem togoing Fort back doesn't really Dix

worry me. I know I will be lonesome, little comfort to those who already have unwanted habits. Fortunately,

and I will be homesick, but what my however, bad habits aren't hopeless. But it takes more effort to get out

folks have taught will see me me of a rut than it does to get in one, and sometimes the only way to get said,through."will "You never He

know wbat a thrill it was to have had out is to get out all at once. The best way to leave bad habits behind

my own father place his hands upon is simply to leave them behind, without lingering or looking back. The

head bless- a father's and givemy me ing. I will I believe able to be withbreak has to come sometime. Sometime has to be the last time. And it

stand all the temptation in the world,"isn't likely to be any easier later, because habits, like ruts, dig more he concluded. deeply with time, even though at first we may think of them as someWhile can rejoice with we the first thing we can start or stop whenever we want to. Plato once rebuked a his finallyyoung catching upon man

the vision and realizing the efforts person for engaging in a gambling game. And when the person protested

of wellmeaning parents, I think we that he had only played for a "trifle,"Plato replied: "The habit is not

also realize that many like him who a trifle."2 Nothing that could become a habit is a "trifle."The best time receivedhave the of close advantages

relationship with their parents are to break a bad habit is before the first time. The next best time is NOW

never fortunate enough to make his—before the next time.

discovery. How much more desirable

in our understanding gospel, of the "The Spoken Word"from Temple * that children receive our early and Square, presented over BroadKSL and the Columbia constantly through their growing casting System April 2, 1967. Copyright 1967.

years the strength, security, added comfort, closeness and love of our and iWilliam James,Montaigne'sThe LawsEssays,of Habits.Bk. 1, ch.2Plato,23. quoted in

concern. Let's look for just a moment

at some of the ingredients we could

June 1967 83 TALK WITH

fare of all ward members. one of leadership over the home is

The husband is given similar responcoupled with great responsibilities, sibilities within his family. It is his and it is only by fulfilling these responcalling, among other things, to preside sibilities that we as husbands and

over the family, to look after their fathers can lead by love and underspiritual, moral, and physical wellstanding rather than by force or being, to conduct family home dictatorship.

evenings, to hold family prayers. Like Certainly a bishop who carries out

the bishop, the father's priesthood aids his responsibilities brings great blesshim in this great calling, and it gives ings to the ward over which he presides.

him wisdom and inspiration that he is Fathers should also bring such blessentitled to receive from heaven. ings to the members of their families.

-/ On dayUnlikebe releasedthe bishop,from hiswhoresponsibility,will some Itniteoccursways,to meamongthat many,there areby fourwhichdefi-a

PARTICIPATION RADIO the husband, and later the father, is husband can bless his particular family.

never released. His position is an First, the father can be a blessing to

11 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. eternal one, and it cannot and should his family by the way he lives, by his

not be delegated to another. I say attitude, and by his example. Family

"should not,"because in some cases life, as we all know, often gets disthis great assignment is lost by derupted. It is amazing what can happen

fault. This is contrary to the Lord's in a home because of a lost shoe,

PEOPLE TO PEOPLE will. President Joseph F. Smith said a telephone conversation that lasts too

on one occasion: "This patriarchal long, or an ungranted request, for the

order has its divine spirit and purpose, family car. Yes, families do face

and those who disregard it under one crises from time to time. The question

pretext or another are out of harmony we must ask is: What is our role as

with the spirit of God's laws as they the family leader in these situations are ordained for recognition in the how can our attitudes set the pace for home. It is not merely a question of other family members?

who is perhaps the best qualified. One father reports that each night

Neither is it wholly a question of who when he returns home from work he

..."question largely of like offers prayer law a and order. something door and 15 KWIC is living the most worthy life. It is a pauses just before entering the front in A. (Quoted Priestthis: Father, presWidtsoe, John "Heavenly may my

Salt Lake City, Utah hood and Church faith a in this Government, bring ence page and home 83.) cheerful good evening to those that I

To this Elder John A. Widtsoe love. May my homecoming strengthen

added: "In the Church no adjustment my family and bring us closer tocan be made. The Priesthood always gether. Keep my voice even, calm, that

presides and must, for the sake of I may build confidence and respect of order. The women of a congregation me as their father, husband, and

[and I must add family]—many of friend."them—may be wiser, far greater in This man realized his role and also

responsibility. his blessing powers, greater in a Being natural even Does your mental

leadership power of the to our example and than families by attitude who men easy. signifies part is not always of Certainly preside over them. That

is insurance man nothing. in for strength prayers priesthood should be not beour The

area. vital

of the best ways to teach your work for stowedbut is givenon theto goodbasismenof mentaland theypowerexerthisOne cise it by right of divine gift, called sons respect for womanhood and its upon by the leaders of the Church. associated virtues is to respect your

Independent, ] Woman has her gift of equal magniwife and their mother. One teenage i Imurameyour/It#/ageimt

tude, and that is bestowed on the son reported to a teacher that his simple and weak as well as upon those highest standard while dating was the who are great and strong."{Ibid., way he had observed his dad always

He does if he's an independent page 90.) treating his mother—by example,

insurance agent, who represents The husband and father is the one which is the best and the greatest several fine insurance companies, the Lord has appointed as the leader lesson. He had learned that womanowes allegiance to no one comof his family. For him to allow his hood was worthy of his greatest

pany. He's free to serve you first. presiding right to fall upon his wife's respect.

agents, We're independent so we're shoulders is no more in accord with Let your children know of the love on your side. Call us any time.

the Lord's government than for a that you have for your wife. Just the

bishop to allow someone else to preother day one of my daughters was a side over his ward. little bit upset at her mother. She

Thus we see, brethren, that as came to me to point out what she

HEBER J. GRANT & CO. priesthood holders we have the right thought were some of her mother's

General Agents, Salt Lake City and obligation to direct our families. shortcomings. I listened to her for a

Those of us who are already husbands moment and then I broke in, and I and fathers have the opportunity to said, "Now just a minute. I suppose

exercise that right. Others who are you know whom you are talking about.

younger will someday have the same Remember, your mother is my sweetopportunity. We must be aware, heart, and I have chosen her to be my

however, that like all great rights this partner forever."Needless to say, the

84 Improvement Era criticism stopped rather abruptly. up the paper. I let him get through always be able, I think, to stand and

Now, in relation to our children: The the heavy part, knowing that that was look the world in the eye because a

best way to set an example is to do not a good time to interrupt, and then dad cared.

the things that should be done. I read I tiptoed in at the appropriate moment. I think the third point, brethren, or

recently a modern parable called "The I had an old wornout mitt that way that a father can bring blessings

Prodigal Father."In this parable a wouldn't see me through another game, to his family is by using his priesthood

father admits the fact that somehow and I thought certainly he would to bless in times of need. When I say

other things became more important to understand my needs and would give in times of need, I do not mean just him than his son—his work, the the money without question. Well, I in times of illness.

country club, and various other activiheld the glove behind me, and as I One father told me just the other ties. When he realized the errors, he stood looking at my father, I said, day that before each of his children

returned to the son, but the son did "Dad, how are you feeling?"enters school for the year, he calls

not want him back; it was too late. He assured me he was in good them into his study where they have a

It is a busy life we lead. One father shape. personal talk about the coming year

said he would like to spend more time I said, "You have always taught and their particular role in it. In

with his family, but he would have to your boys that whenever you do a concluding the discussion, the father be released from other duties first. thing in this life, you ought to do it asks each child if he or she would like

Such a father should ask himself, right. Is that correct?"a special blessing concerning the im-

"When was I released as a father?"He said, "That's right. I am glad portant time that lies ahead. Each

Let's not wait until it is too late, you know it."child has readily agreed to such a

brethren; let's be a blessing to our I said, "You have always taught us blessing, and the father remarks that

children by spending some quality that when you do a job, you need the on few occasions is the Lord's Spirit time with them now. best equipment. Is that right?"ever more evident.

Second, a father can be a blessing "That's right. I am glad that got You will note that this father asked

to the family by teaching his children through."the children if they wanted a blessing.

gospel principles. Parents, by their And then I said, "Whenever your This is in order, as it should be. The

very nature and the responsibility boys perform, you have taught us to father knows of the importance of such given to them by the Lord, are teachers..give it the best we had. Is that right?"blessings, whereas the child has yet to

Today, for example, one of the great He said, "That is exactly right."learn. It is through receiving the

challenges facing all parents is to teach "All right,"I said, "That is the blessings that the child comes to know their children how to live a wellreason I am here, sir. I want to show of their importance.

balanced, spiritual life in a materialyou something,"and I brought the One father's son was going to leave istic world. glove out. for the army the next day. The father

One of our leading authorities stated He said, "Good heavens, what is noticed all the preceding day that his recently that whereas in the past there it?"son had something he seemed to want

were only two institutions outside the I said, "It is a ball glove, and I need to say, but somehow he couldn't musfamily that influenced our children, a new one. It will only cost $7.50 and ter the courage to say it. Finally, in

the school and the church, now there I need the money right now. I have a the evening the son spoke, "Dad, I

is a third one—advertising. We have big game Friday night and I am to don't know how to say this, but I

heard a great deal about this in our pitch. If you will give me the money would sure like a blessing."

conference. Advertisers would lead I'll be on my way and we'll both be The father was, of course, thrilled,

our young people to believe that nothhappy."as you would be, but it is too bad that

ing we desire should be withheld from He reached in his pocket and took the son felt so hesitant in making the us. A priesthood father has a real out his pencil and his little notebook, request. Let's make it easy for our

responsibility to teach his sons and and then I knew I had lost the battle. families to ask for blessings by giving

daughters the true nature of things He went to work figuring. The going them regularly in times of need—such

and their proper value. rate at that time for a boy my age times as when children are leaving for

Let me share a brief experience of a was, I think, something like ten cents summer camp, when they take impriesthood father, my own. When I an hour. He said, "Why, Paul, that portant tests, when they give talks,

was about two years old, my family will only cost you seventyfive hours when they leave for college, when moved to the southern states, and there of labor."And I thought, how can a they leave for missions or for the

I spent the early part of my life. This man be that cruel? service, when they embark in marwas during the depression, and things And so we went to work figuring out riage—all times when a priesthood and

were hard; but, fortunately for us, the projects, and sure enough some four or father's blessing could be a comforting

Dunn family had it reasonably easy. five weeks later when I turned in my and strengthening influence.

My father was wellpaid for his labor. work slips, I was handed the $7.50 Brethren, I challenge each of us this

I remember, as a young, aspiring that I had earned. I remember going night to do several things as we go

athlete, wanting to approach Dad on down to select that ball glove and as from this meeting. (1)'Assume the

one occasion for a new ball glove; and I put it on my hand, I patted the pocket responsibility of leadership in our

being the child psychologist that I was, for just the right fit. I bought a tenhomes. (2) Bring blessings to our

I knew that timing was everything. I cent can of linseed oil in order to put homes by honoring our wives, by being

plotted and schemed for the right it in proper shape. courteous and kind. Spend quality

moment to approach him, and it fi- I learned a great lesson that day. Of time with our children. By quality

nally came. all the gloves I had ever owned, that time, I mean time when we are with

I heard him come into the driveway glove was never left in the rain or for our children in body, mind, and spirit.

and slam the car door and enter the someone else to care for. I was a Just being home is not enough. (3)

house quickly. He entered the house proud young man, but more speLet us take every opportunity to teach

whistling. That was always a good cifically, young priesthood bearers, I our children correct principles as we

sign. My mother unknowingly had began to see the point of a "welfare"assume our rightful roles as teachers

helped me to set the stage by fixing dad and the principles he taught. The in the home. Finally, (4) let us make

one of his favorite meals. time has now come when my father priesthood blessings more a part of the

After dinner was over he had occuisn't with me anymore, but the prinfamily experience.

pied his usual rocking chair and picked ciples he taught remain, and I will May I just conclude with one final

June 1967 85.:,:i::::p*ii:;:;:: thought. Just the other day another man, that's why."The father could

father told me of a great experience. not have been more proud.

He said he was sitting in his living And may I say tonight, brethren, room, visiting with his family late that more important than being a

Sunday afternoon, when his little Princeton man, a Yale man, a Harvard eightyear-old son asked him this quesman, or any other kind of man, is the tion, "Daddy, are you going to sacrahonor of being a "priesthood man."

ment meeting tonight?"The father That is the great lesson I have learned

replied, "Yes, son."The son then tonight again as I have listened to the

asked, testimony of President "Why?"McKay, who size black 88Any principles exemplified while the father contemplated has these very And plus tax recap

and cappable what profound answer he might give in deed.

exchange. 18to the question, the little sevenyear- May we be the priesthood bearers

month guarantee old sister who was sitting also at the we have been called to be is my humfather's knee said very quickly and ble prayer, in the name of Jesus Christ.

simply, "Because he is a priesthood Amen. o

Ask for prices on new tires.

We buy in carload quantities.

On Being a Father Say you saw it in the Era 10% discount until July 31 A. Theodore Tuttle

Of the First Council of the Seventy

SNOW BROS. Many times, brethren, I have rushed of the men had lost his wife. His

session to this to sit of conference trying to where friend, console said, him, BIG TIRES sit. listened you times I have wife."the Many a good "She was which To

910 SOUTH 2nd WEST with great care to the instructions that bereaved husband replied, "Aye, and

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH were given in the priesthood meeting. that she was; and I came near telling

I wonder if you realize, now that I am her so a time or two."Brethren, don't

here, how much I need your faith and be "Scotch*'with the expression of your prayers and the Spirit of the Lord in love for your wife. It is such a little

order to say something that will be thing, but it takes thought, and it takes helpful and beneficial. effort on our part to tell our wives that

TIRED of PAINTING? andThissonsis sittinga gloriousin priesthoodsight to seemeetingfathers wesets lovethe tonethem.in theIt homeis the andmotherthe spiritwho

together. There isn't any better place of the family. If she is edgy, insecure,

HAVE A PAINT FREE HOME! totonight.be than in priesthood meeting selves,frustrated,brethren,we oughtto lettoherlookknowto ourthat

eliminate constant painting To begin with, I want to testify that she is loved. If she is calm, secure,

save costly on repairs and President is a prophet. McKay To sit and loved, she sets this mood in the

maintenance instructed and be in home. by a prophet.. here in fuel bills cut winter.

air conditioning costs is this I the greatest privilege that this, I don't day but wrote know who in summer

I little like have. and could to share a would increase with you the value of you

your home I am pleased to receive an assignclipping that was in my book:

ment to speak about a matter of "'You are a great little wife, and I

THE ALUMINUM SIDING YOU particular interest to me—how to predon't know what I would do without

WASH instead of PAINT ventshare juvenilesome experiencesdelinquency.andI wantillustrato you.'aroundAsherheandspokekissedheherputandhistoldarmsher

her. all loved tions—-'building forgot he you fit she the of the think And you'll save money repainting on alone! blocks—and

that's only part of the JustAnd benefits savings. and Because belong. care them they where in that forgetting moment. And Siding Aluminum refuses shrink, to sag, or deteriorate.

it all to experience crack, begin warp, as I want dishes, or burn. she sang the with an she ALL washed MATERIALS AND

if... Won'tWORKMANSHIP GUARANTEED.chip your SO home first that at to extraneous as beds. and sang she seem she the may made

... painting needs take now, advantage of our

this subject. To me it seems to be And the song was heard next door. And

most fundamental. The other evening the woman there caught the refrain

INTRODUCTORY Sister Tuttle and I visited a great man and sang also, and two homes were

MONEY SAVING OFFER! who has not been able to attend this happier because he had told her that

conference, Elder Harold B. Lee. As sweet old story, the story of the love

we were taking our leave, I casually of a husband for a wife. As she sang,

would take advantage YfcS andI know having about likemoreto FREE given estimate a FREE on Siding.a PAINTof your Aluminum introductoryHOME andofferbe wife.mentionedWhereuponthat I surelyhe said,did"Continuelove my heardthe butcherit andboyhe whowentdeliveredout whistlingan orderon

to tell her; tell her often. If you have his way. And the world heard the

Nome a happy wife, you will have a conwhistle. So because he kissed her and

Address tented family."praised her and told her he loved her,

City State I remembered President McKay's the song came and the influence went counsel about this, too. In his usual out and out."

effective way he made his point by I would like to say a word about

STATES WEST telling a story about two Scotsmen. One working mothers, brethren. I know I CONSTRUCTION

P. O. Box 15613 Salt Lake City, Utah

PHONE COLLECT lAC 801) 486 1540 DAY OR NIGHT

86 Improvement Era The weather is always better when you save at STATE!

am not talking to working mothers.

But I am talking to some fathers whose children have working mothers.

You are the ones who cause, or at least permit, mothers to work. Brethren,

before you count the profit of such an endeavor, count the cost. In our

affluent society many of us cannot distinguish between luxuries and necessities. Too often mothers work to pay

for luxuries that are not worth the cost.

Of our seven children, one little boy is not yet in school. On one of those

infrequent days home, I heard the front door open and the little fiveyear-old called, "Mommy."In one of

the other rooms, my wife answered, "Yoo hoo, here I am."The door closed

and he toddled back out to the sandpile. I thought about that. He did

not need to talk to her. He did not

want anything. He was just checking

in. And I have thought of this since,

brethren; what if she had not been

there?

How plaintive that cry for mothers who work. And I am not talking

about widows or women who becauseof necessity must become a breadwinner, and I am not talking about women who have no children in the CUMULUS CLOUDS with no vertical development are usually fair weather clouds.

home at this particular time. Brethren, before you count the profit, count

the cost of a working mother. Stable,

secure, wellbalanced individuals arenot accidental. They are the result of Plant under

prayerful, concentrated attention to parental responsibilities.

Now I would like to say a wordabout the relationship between fathers favorable skies..

and sons. Sons'problems are just like

those of adults: they are afraid they

won't be noticed, loved, or wanted.Have you ever had any boys about HARVEST WHEN NEEDED

nine years old who sometimes would rather be paddled ignored? than PLANT SAVINGS SEEDS now while things are going your

Fathers, close to sons? do you get how

Let's face it, brethren, some of us have way. You'll earn at the current high 5% rate with complete

not learned how to be good fathers. safety of your savings insured to $15,000 by a permanent

selfish. are have not maturedWe We agency of the U.S. Government. abilityin the to give ourselves. of Some

are able to give their children money HARVEST TIME IS UP TO YOU. When you need your savand some influence.

We need to understand the true ings, they will be safe and ready to use. Even between

meaning of fatherhood, which is more dividend periods you can withdraw your savings with a just biological thethan function. We

to to learnneed give of ourselves. We convenient passbook loan and receive your earnings for

need to learn to give our time to our the full period on schedule.

sons. I suppose there isn't a more BRANCH OFFICES:

precious commodity for any of us to 75 South State Street, give than to give time to our sons Clearfield, Utah and daughters. It isn't as easy as it HAWAIIAN DIVISION

used to be when a father and son King and Bishop Streets, worked together on a farm, or where Honolulu, Hawaii sona apprentice an became Hawaii Oahu, to his 'tare Wahiawa, father learned his and trade working Hawaii Kaneohe, Oahu, at his side in a shop. Now we have Waipahu, Oahu, Hawaii

to make opportunities to be physically Road E. Manoa

present together. wings 2855Honolulu, Hawaii

I have a friend who is the father of and Loan Association 3583 Waialae Ave.

a 13year-old son and four daughters. HOME OFFICE: 56 So. Main, Honolulu, Hawaii

He said that he had devised a "work Salt Lake City, Utah Aiea Shopping Center

Aiea, Oahu, Hawaii

June 1967 87 "SSa'

'lift mwH ilsSI

::;:::;::.::.:;::::

ill Super Tire meets the July 4th Monster.

Comparing it to most newcar tires, the Amoco 120

Super Tire gives you 51% better traction during acceleration. And 30% greater skid resistance. Just for

example. And it was safety tested at 120 mph.

Independence Day is no time to be dependent on just any tires. Neither is today.

"You expect more from American—and you get it!"

fa AMERICAN OIL COMPANY NATIONAL CREDIT CABQ

,!?*WWk.

...-. a&Su rSSJW

SIGN )'N INK 'ABOVE. HOT VALID UNLESS SIGNED Bf CUSTOMED

t5i 2345bl 8 GOOD THRU JOHN K GROSSPIETSCH 01 month

y EAR ': 68 Cart mumi * t*>rmmcm * > tmna*tlitrwt tWl*i taWButWMtwtt*Mi<mxcwwm*.<* *<niiwwitt*> trw nt c*i>Vm Wttini

The American Oil Company, 1967. World's largest distributor of Atlas Tires

"Trademark. Trademark "Atlas"Reg. U.S. Pat. Off., Atlas Supply Company

horses saddled and loaded with mother's lunch and the sleeping bags.

They rode up the canyon as far as they could that night. They tethered

the horses by a spring, ate their meal, and climbed into their sleeping bags early. This gave them time to lie

there and look at the stars and talk.

That was the night this father found out more about his son than he had known before. That was the night

his son learned more from his father than he had known before. The

father talked with his son about these feelings inside the human breast and why they were there, and told him that they were good and that the Lord put them there for a sacred and holy purpose, and that they were not to be experimented with. They had a good

talk that night. The son remembers

those lessons. The father remembers

them, too. Demonstrate your love,

father, by telling your son these things about himself.

We have always tried to live on a little farm. We have just a few acres,

as much as my other income will support. We have had animals and fowl

to try to help teach the lessons of life

Family of Bishop C/eve A. Raymond, Moab (Utah) Third Ward, San Juan Stake, enjoy togreatthebenefit.children. And it has been of conference over television.

I would like to share with you part project"on which he and his son were scuffle with your boy? Have you of a letter received recently from our

working one Saturday. They were ever noticed that there are times when oldest daughter, which indicates the

talking about this and that and finally nothing else will do but to "take on"value of this kind of life:

I think back on some of thethe conversation lagged a little bit your tribe and "lick 'em"—or vice "As

and his son said, "Dad... Dad, how versa! If they are too big, then you choice moments we have had together,

old do you have to be to get a testidivide them up. If they are in that I realize how they have helped me to

mony?""Well,"my friend said, "that stage, the least you can do is referee. understand our special relationship. I

is when the work stopped and we sat And then have you noticed that night remember in Pleasant Grove when I down and had a manto-man chat."after family prayers, as they file by woke up as you were going out to be

And he added, "We decided then and to kiss their mother and shake hands with Ginger [that's our mare] while there that we would continue these with their father, that the boys linger she was having her colt. You explained

chats, and that we would be away a little and say, "Dad, that was fun. a few of my simple questions about

from the girls, alone, to talk about You're a great guy. When can we do life's processes, and we marveled as the

things that really mattered."this again?"newborn colt stood up so soon....

Brethren, I think we are going to Brethren, this takes time. You have Then in my more mature years you

have to make occasions to be together. to change clothes. You have to be were near to comfort in times of heartTeachers do not replace fathers; neither home. You have to be thinking about break and seemed to understand so

do Scoutmasters. They are very helpyour boys. You can't be thinking readily my boyfriend problems. Your

ful and vital, because we do not live about some pastime where you go out shoulder was always ready for my alone, but they do not replace fathers. alone, or play with your friends. This tears."

I know you love your sons, and your is overcoming selfishness. It's being a We have been blessed with seven

sons think you do, but when did you father—truly being a father—with children. Early in their lives they

last demonstrate your concern and great concern about your sons. said, "Daddy, tell us a story."I agreed

interest? When did you last go and You have heard the story of the to, but I set up some conditions. I

shoot baskets, or play catch with your father who was playing in the backsaid, "Children, I will do that, if you son? Are your homes getting so nice yard, with his children piled high on will first put on your pajamas, hang

that you can't play marbles on the his back. His neighbor observed, up your clothes, clean off the shelves,

frontroom rug? When did you last "You're going to have an aching back vacuum the front room, sweep the sidehelp your son with his lessons? When tomorrow, brother."To which he rewalk, etc. etc."(I don't suppose you

did you attend a basketball game or plied, "No doubt, but better an aching have ever done that.) It was impossome other sport in which he played? back tomorrow, than an aching heart sible for them to do all that before

Do you know what position he plays, in the future."they went to bed.

father? Have you talked about how Who is going to teach your son the I am grateful for my sweet wife. She

he might improve his game? facts of life? How are you going to do would say, "Ted, tell them a story now.

How many of you can name the it, brethren? I know a father who Soon they won't be asking you."Well,

school classes your daughter takes deliberately set up a teaching experitime passes quickly and now the first not in order—just any old way? ence with his son. He planned a horsethree don't ask anymore. The otherWhen did you last demonstrate your back ride into the mountains. The four do, however. So we have had "a

love and your concern for your chilfather came home as early as he could story"in our home for more than dren? When did you last have a get away that day. The son had the seventeen years. It is a continued

90 Improvement Era story. It has the same title, but different episodes each time. We have

woven Book of Mormon stories into it, and stories about honesty and courage. We have enjoyed a lot of

hairraising experiences together just because we have had "a story"in our home.

Brethren, do not deny yourselves the privilege of a quiet hour telling bedtime stories to an innocenteyed child.

Now you sons, let me say something to you. Your father cannot get close

to you if you will not help. Closeness

isn't all one way. Sometimes you are

nigh impervious to our attempts to get close to you. You need to be

with your dad. Seek opportunities to

do so. Spring days are coming soon.

Watch your father. Someday, when

he gets his old clothes on and goes out to spade up the flowers or rake the lawn, you get the other shovel or rake—

without being asked. Don't be so lazy.

Go out and be by his side and work with him. (Now don't do it this next

week or he will suspect you. Do it

when he has forgotten this counsel.)

Be close to him, and then you will have an opportunity to say what

Robert McKay said to his father tonight. Tell him that you love him,

and tell him thanks for all that he has done for you and for all that he means in your life. Sister Beverly Bell of Randolph (Utah) Ward, Woodruff Stake, watches conference.

Now there will be days when some discipline is needed. Let me tell you

a story that illustrates why we put brakes on you, and why we sometimes hold you down.

A father was out with his son flying a kite. He had let nearly all of the

string out. As the son saw the kite

go higher and higher, he said, "Dad,

Let it fly clear up to the sky!"

father, seeingThis wise an replied, lesson, opporThe Functions of the Priesthoodtunity a great to teach "Oh, no, son. If we were to let go

of the string the kite would fall down Joseph Fielding Smith thatimmediately. Son, remember we

it Of the First Presidency and President of the Council of the Twelve keep hold to keep ahave on it to up. Sometimes the things that hold

you down are the things that hold you Dear Brethren: them to be chosen. One month after

up!"I am very happy to be here with you the apostles had been chosen, the

Now, sons, we love you, but we this evening. I hope what I say may twelve in council sought information

also know you. Ofttimes we know far be beneficial to one and all, and I pray by revelation, that they might have a

better than you do when to hold you that the Lord will bless me with his better understanding of their calling.

down, how late you are to stay out, Spirit. I am sure that we all know In their behalf Joseph Smith sought

when you are to come in, and when the fifth Article of Faith, that a man the Lord and received the revelation to do many other things. We won't must be called of God, by prophecy. I on priesthood. This revelation is in

deliberately make any mistakes. need not quote it, but invite you to the Doctrine and Covenants, Section

May the Lord bless you, fathers and read it. 107.

sons, priesthood holders. We have In the month of February 1835, the This revelation gives us light in reall that the world has, plus the gospel twelve apostles in this dispensation lation to the priesthood and the

of Jesus Christ. The Lord expects were called. As early as June 1829, various offices that grow out of it,

much of you—to set and maintain a it was made known to Joseph Smith which the Church did not have

high moral standard in a world where by revelation that twelve apostles previous to that time. It was made

morals are rapidly deteriorating. May would be chosen. This information known that there were in the Church

the Lord bless you with vision, with came before the organization of the two priesthoods, or grand divisions of the desire and power to be a worthy Church, and Oliver Cowdery and priesthood: the Melchizedek and the

father and to be a worthy son, I humDavid Whitmer were then appointed Aaronic, including the Levitical. "Why

bly ask, in the name of Jesus Christ. to "search out the Twelve"(D&C the first is called the Melchizedek

Amen, o 18:37) when the time should come for Priesthood is because Melchizedek was

June 1967 91 'Xtt THREE GREAT NEW

By0 Devotional SlicesBOOKS

1. THE FAITH OF 2. THE CONSTITUTION 3. HIS SERVANTS

A SCIENTIST BY A THREAD SPEAK by Dr. Henry Eyring by Richard Vetterli Compiled by R. Wayne Shute

Dr. Eyring dramatically shows how true reliAmerica is passing through a period of grave This outstanding collection of excerpts from

gion and true science can and do function in danger. Radical voices on every side sneer at B.Y.U. devotional services quotes all of the

complete harmony. The existence of a loving the basic ideals of our Constitution. God is General Authorities on a wide range of moral

and personal God offers a beneficial plan for dead. Our JudaicChristian heritage is outdated. and spiritual subjects. Love, righteousness,

man's eternal progression that is consistent Collectivism is inevitable. This new book rejects faith, integrity, liberty, purpose in life, marwith scientific truth. This new book will strengththese alien cries and speaks out convincingly riage, education are only a few of the subjects

en the faith of all lovers of truth. to support the spiritual and moral principles discussed. Inspiring reading for all Latterday

upon which our Republic was founded. Saints.

$3.00 $4.75 $2.50

Current Bookcraft Bestsellers ORDER BY MAIL

OR FROM YOUR 4. ACCORDING TO YOUR FAITH LOCAL L.D.S.

by Emma Marr Petersen BOOK DEALER

This exciting and faith promoting new L.D.S. novel is a truly

inspiring story based on morality and Christian ideals. Highly

recommended and rewarding reading for teenagers.

BOOKCRAFT $2.25

South Main Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 1186

Please send the following circled book(s) for which

I have enclosed check or money order in the amount 5. THE FOURTH THOUSAND YEARS of$ 12 3 4 5

by W. Cleon Skousen Name

The third volume in Brother Skousen's best selling series on the Bible. "The Fourth Thousand Years"covers the dramatic Address

sweep of events from the time of David to Christ. Nearly City

'900pa|es $6.95 State, Zip

(Residents of Utah add lVt% sales tax.) B6S7

92 Improvement Era THE SEGO LULY

is for receivingElectronic checked equipment everlasting beautiful, Sego general conference via direct wire at South- A Mission. British chapel, Southampton Branch

arLily. either in an Available

prepaid, at $5.50 rangement

priest. a greatsuch the Lord taught us through 21.) So high at 50 stem or the individual his "Before Smith. day it was called the Joseph

Holy Priesthood after the Order of the This Holy Priesthood, which is cents each (plus 15c postage

Son of God. eternal, is the authority which prevails and handling). Available at all

"But out of respect or reverence to in all the universe. The ordinances of florist shops, or you can orthe name of the Supreme Being, to the gospel are made valid through its der direct from Burnham's

avoid the too frequent repetition of power, and without it the knowledge Flowers, Inc., 625 East 5th

his name, they, the church, in ancient of God could not be made manifest. South, Salt Lake City, Utah

days, called that priesthood after MelIt is by this authority and through the 84102. For a limited time

Priestchizedek, or the Melchizedek to ordinances is able know that man will prepay Burnham's 107:2-4.) it onlyhood."priesthood the of God. (D&C Without

aron the beautiful postage This information to for was all new, gain be impossible only would man general statements pertaining to this the knowledge which would bring him rangement, as shown in truth having been revealed before that into the presence of the Father. Is photograph. For sales tax

time, and the world knew nothing of there any wonder, then, that the please add 3i/2 % Allow two it. There are some further phases of world, deprived of the priesthood, is weeks for delivery.

the priesthood, however, that we should in such spiritual darkness and conclearly understand. fusion? BEAUTIFUL

Every man who is ordained to the Men may search and they may study, EVERLASTING priesthood has authority to officiate in but they will never come to a knowlSEGO LILY some capacity in the Church. Without edge of God until they receive the $5.50 Prepaid

priesthood there could gospel light obtain be no church, and through the find hills lovers Utah's flower roaming Wildand if there were no priesthood, of the priesthood no power the ordiand sego delicate sights rewarding as the as few lily the of tulip branch mariposa lily of theofficial act could in be performed of the nances gospel. the See

the in profusion the sad family. Mormon when Growing the left Lord.name of condition those of would be Men belonged it who once long had been in arrived pioneers 1847,

in darkness without an understanding to the Church but have fallen away sacred in Indian legend.

lily alleviated hunger also bulb sego The truth,of the for the power of lost the how'they have God key to spiritual years. early in hard the pioneers the ". notcould manifest... knowledge! be made Certain organizations is creamlike. rich said be flavor and to have amongThe

this greater priesthood administereth been formed.from time to time by In recognition of its beauty and its place

lily sego the history, in early was made Utahthe gospel holdeth of the those key and the out of have gone the Church, who in official 1911. State Flower Utah

mysteries of the the light kingdom, even key but the formerly they which had the of the knowledge of God. has left them. They are soon left to

in "Therefore, therethe ordinances in spiritual darkness, grope because Burinihainr/sof, of godliness is manifest. the power the of godliness"ceases "power to be

"And without the ordinances therewith them. When the light goes out,

of, and the authority of the priesthood, then darkness of the worst kind enters ucowexA- /te.

the power of godliness is not manifest in. As Alma said, they are bound by

unto men in the flesh."(D&C 84:19the chains of hell. (See Al. 5:7-9.) 625 East 5th South

Salt Lake City, Utah 84102 Phone 3598727

June 1967 93 W&mSm Here's the difference between s worth. m

mi V-i'KV NONEXPIRING CREDIT CARD

Hottest 4-5 22 J CJ2TJ A Brand J J J J J Going!

J J J J J J J CQUiUClTt JVOC'JJJ 55

credit card. CONOCO A Conoco Credit Cards are better than quality products—valuepriced gasolines, new No wonder

ever. A Conoco card turns "one buck"sales into motor oil, big battery assortment, tires, and highfill-ups. It pulls in strangers looking for a familiar profit accessories. Conoco dealers know how to

name... businessmen who charge all travel exturn sales and service into actual profits, too. They

penses. Reduces the dealer's risk of losing large get technical and management guidance, mersums of cash. It's prestige, too. chandisinghelp, "Hottest Brand Value"premiums,

And now Conoco Credit Cards do more than ever. employee training, financing, and travel service

They're honored at Master Host Motor Hotels. materials.

Theyallowourdealerstocash cardholders'checks Conoco doesn't stop there. A powerhouse marup to $30 (and back them with our guarantee). keting concept presells. The Hottest Brand Going

Conoco CreditCards give customers up to 6 months'has flashed into orbit in ads on TV, billboards, free financing on TBA purchases, and up to 12 newspaper, radio, direct mail, and point of purmonths with just a small service charge. Plus, of chase.

course, the convenience of charging gasoline, oil, Shouldn't you get facts now on all the advanand services. tages Conoco jobbers and dealers enjoy—including

A hard working credit card typifies the backup the story on our betterthan-ever credit card?

support Conoco dealers get in selling a full line of You'll get a charge out of it.

Ride the Hot One!

Brand Going CONOCO... Hottest

Oil Company 1967 Continental

94 Improvement Era There is a difference between receivobtained through the power and keys of the Lord, and the privilege of pering an office in the priesthood and in held by the President of the Church. forming this ordinance elsewhere has

receiving the keys of the priesthood. The President has power, if the Lord been withdrawn by the one holding

This we should clearly understand. should direct him to do so, to call home these keys. Neither can any man officiPeter, James, and John conferred upon all the missionaries in the world. He ate in these or other sealings, unless he

Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery the could say that there shall be no more has been called and set apart and had

Melchizedek Priesthood. Before that preaching of the gospel to the nathat authority given him by the Presitime John the Baptist came and contions. He could forbid the official act dent of. the Church, in whom those

ferred upon them the Aaronic Priestof baptizing or of ordaining to the keys are vested. (D&C 132:7.)

hood. But it was necessary for Elias, priesthood, anywhere in the world, if When men are commissioned by the

who lived in the days of Abraham, to the Lord should so direct. This auone who holds these keys, then their

come and restore the keys of his disthority is vested in him, for he holds all acts are valid. That which they do is

pensation; for Moses to come and rethe keys of the priesthood. If by virsealed and ratified in the Church both

store the keys of the gathering of tue of his keys he should say that ceron earth and in the heavens. When the

Israel; and for Elijah to come and tain privileges should be withdrawn apostles or other brethren visit the

restore the keys of the sealing power, from the people, then no man would stakes of Zion and are appointed to set by which the hearts of the fathers and have authority to officiate in conin order anything requiring attention the children are turned to each other. ferring those particular privileges. there, they do it by virtue of the comIn fact, it was necessary that the keys Should anyone attempt to do so, the mission, or authority, delegated to

of all the dispensations should be react would be invalid, and the one so them by the President of the Church.

stored in this dispensation of the attempting to officiate would have to This same principle applies in the fullness of times, and so the Prophet answer before the bar of God, if not lesser degree in stakes and in wards.

Joseph Smith has recorded it, as found before the Church, and would be found I hope and pray that what I have in Doctrine and Covenants 128:2021. in transgression. Let it be understood said to you good brethren will be of

Please read it. that no man has authority to perform assistance to you, and may the blessings

From this description we discover sealings of wives to husbands, for time of the Lord be with you, I humbly that all who held keys of authority in and eternity, outside a temple, because pray, in the name of Jesus Christ, our dispensations from the days of Adam all such ordinances pertain to the house Redeemer. Amen. o

down came in this dispensation and declared their keys, their honors and priesthood. All of this had to be done,

for this is the dispensation of restoration.

President Joseph F. Smith has given

us a very clear understanding of what is meant by keys of the priesthood in the book Gospel Doctrine, page 136.

So we learn that while all men hold The Closeness of God the priesthood who are ordained to any office, yet there are special, or directing, President Hugh B. Brown

authorities, bestowed upon those who are called to preside. These authorities Of the First Presidency

are called keys. The bishop of a ward

has the power to direct the members I shall not detain you long, brethren. be a thrilling thing. It should help

of his ward, for he holds the keys of I would very much like to say, howyou as you go forward and have your presidency there, and he acts both as ever, that this evening's session has tests, your temptations. It will help

bishop and as the president of the been very much worthwhile to me. you, if you will think back and reward by virtue of his high priesthood. Although, because of age, my days of member what he said tonight and then

Now, in his ward may live an apostle, laboring with my own children are try and put your lives in order, so that but as a member of the ward the apospretty well over so far as their early you may at the end be found worthy tle is under the jurisdiction of his life is concerned, I am still greatly of the blessings of God.

bishop. For instance, should the apostle interested in the welfare of the young I shall never forget the words of my

desire to baptize one of his children, people. mother when I left to go on a mission

it would be his duty to obtain the per- I have enjoyed very much listening sixtyodd years ago, when she said to mission of his bishop, for that is the to Brother Dunn and Brother Tuttle, me, "When you were a lad you often order of the Church. The bishop holds giving us some viewpoints that, I am had bad dreams. You remember you

the keys for the performance of all sure, caused us to think. I hope we would call out from your room and

ordinances in his ward, but he may will take these thoughts home and put say, 'Mother, are you there?'And I

delegate authority for administering them into practice, would say, 'Yes, son, I am here. Everythese to others. I was glad to get Brother Smith's thing's all right. Turn over and go

The President of the Church, the reaction to the priesthood and its to sleep.'"She said, "Now, my boy,

Prophet Joseph Smith has clearly meaning and its value. you are going on a mission. You will

stated, holds the keys over all the I think it is a wonderful thing that be 5,000 miles away from me and I

Church, or the keys of the priesthood. we could have with us tonight Brother can't answer your call, but many times

There is only one at a time on earth Lind, who, being an astronaut, has had you will need to ask someone, 'Are who has this power. (D&C 132:7.) No some experiences that none of us has you there?'Now,"she said, "while

man can officiate in and confer the ever had or probably ever will have. you are gone, and the rest of your life,

blessings of the temple without the It is refreshing to find a man who has whatever happens, don't forget to call authority to do so being delegated to gone through the kind of tests he has out and say, 'Father, are you there?'

him by the President of the Church. and who has remained true to the And I promise you, my boy, if you will

No man can officiate in any capacity truth, true to himself, true to God. His do that, he will respond to you. You

in this Church without the virtue actestimony to you, all of you out there may not hear his voice; you will not

companying him in that act, as it is as well as you who are here, should see his form or figure, but you will

June 1967 95 know he is there, and he will support earthly father, if you will undertake of the contemporary surrender and you."to live righteously, to talk to him mutation of spiritual values and the

I bear you my witness tonight that regularly, and to obey his commandfundamental truths of righteous existmany times in intervening years I have ments. I leave you my witness and ence needed to meet the challenge of

called out to him. for help, and I have pray that God will bless you. material progress.

needed it all the time. I needed it at Father in heaven, wilt thou bless Man's spiritual decay in the face

the beginning of this conference. I these fathers that they may have the of material advancement, the evicalled out to him and said, "Father, genius to reach the hearts of their dence of which surrounds us, must

are you there?"I bear witness that he boys. Oh, Father, wilt thou bless these then be attributed to intensive drifts

answered. He has been with us boys that they may know the value of to carnalism.

through this conference. We have their fathers, and get close to them. As the apex of. time draws closer,

had a glorious time. Oh Father, wilt thou bless the mothers which will culminate the earthlife

I leave you my testimony of the of these boys and the wives of these existence of man, the basic issues of divinity of this work. I know it better husbands. Be with them, and inspire the spiritual mind and the carnal

than I know anything else, and I thank them in their work. Father, be with mind, of right and wrong, and of good

God for the privilege of working in it. all thy children. Help us to discharge and evil will become more pronounced.

I. pray that all of you, my brethren the duties of our priesthood, the obligaFor example, we see at work in the

holding the priesthood, will remember tions of our callings, to be true to ourworld today powerful forces of carnalthat you can get just as close to your selves and to thee, we humbly pray in ism that are opposed to God and the

Heavenly Father as you can to your the name of Jesus Christ'. Amen. o influences of a spiritual nature that

can persuade and direct man to the

Sunday Morning Session, April 9, 1967 righteous life. These advocates of

carnalism would substitute God for an invisible earthly comrade and are prepared to lead the masses into a global conquest, on the carnal premise that, collaterally, concepts of God as a

The Carnal Mind Is Enmity Against God Soncreatorof andGod,thethedivineRedeemermissionof ofmanthe kind, who is the advocate of a system

Alvin R. Dyer of proven and eternal laws of progress,

are to be systematically "nominalized,"

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve and finally eliminated.

But man need not be deceived by

I am grateful, my brothers and sisspiritually minded is life and peace."such principles of unrighteous dominters, for the presence of President He then explained what was meant by ion that are centered in "carnalism,"

McKay. It is always an honor to be the carnal mind, when he said the for the opposite—those principles of

in his presence. carnal mind "is enmity against God: spirituality, faith in God, and exThe degree of a man's faith in God, for it is not subject to the law of God."posure to the eternal laws of righteoushis religious concepts, and his feeling (Rom. 8:6-7.) ness—have been made fresh and new

of eternal destiny are characteristics Unto the Latterday Saints, the by divine restoration from God, that make him different. Man is a Prophet Joseph Smith speaks of intellithrough his chosen prophets, in our

spirit child of God the Eternal Father, gence, with an explanation of its meanown day and time. But as this and

and his birth into mortality is a crowning; said he: "The glory of God is other issues of right or wrong, good or

ing achievement; whether to be rich intelligence, or, in other words, light evil, grow even sharper, we shall witor poor, ignorant or educated, white, and truth. ness separations among men. Out of

brown, or black, as to color, sinful or "Light and truth forsake that evil the masses will come those who are righteous by nature. one."(D&C 93:3637.) of the "carnal mind"and those who

God is mindful of man and, such as He said also that a man with a are of the "spiritual mind."It is in

he is, has given him dominion over all carnal mind cannot abide the presence the latter realm that, by persistent things upon the earth. He is the apof God. (See D&C 67:12.) conformity to spiritual or eternal laws,

pointed master over all creatures of a Almost everyone today who has man can reach perfection. In this we

lower kingdom of creation, and over given the matter any concern and see the work and glory of God.

inanimate objects upon the land, in the study is convinced that material gain It is the right of each individual to sea, and in the air. "... thou hast progressively achieved during the past work out his salvation. Given enough

made him,"declared the Psalmist, "a century and a half has reached great of such individuals who adhere to little lower than the angels, and hast heights. The oft referredto phrase, this right, there exists a kingdom of

crowned him with glory and honour.""this age of enlightenment,"refers to righteousness, or a kingdom of God.

(Ps. 8:5.) the progress that man has made in Paul, the apostle, evidenced his clear

Mortal existence is such that man the fields of science and industry. understanding of this when he said:

must give concern to material progress, These advances, generally, are proving "But the natural man receiveth not but since he has been given, by divine to be of great benefit to man's natural the things of the Spirit of God: for

right, dominion over all things upon existence, and there is no forseeable they are foolishness unto him: neither

the earth, all. material things can be end to this type of progress. But the can he know them because they are

made to serve him. But, as to carnal terrific impact of transpiring material spiritually discerned."He declared:

things, God has given man a special progress is making inroads upon man's "For what man knoweth the things of warning, with the commandment to spiritual and moral behavior. a man save the spirit of man which

cultivate the attributes of spirituality These inroads, I believe, are not is in him? even so the things of God

and intelligence, the opposites of made because of that which has been knoweth no man, but the Spirit of carnalism. achieved materially, for surely the God."(1 Cor. 2:14, 11.)

Unto the early day Roman Saints, true spiritual concept does not stand In my own life I have received

Paul the Apostle wrote: "... to be in the way of material progress; but complete confirmation of righteous

carnally minded is death, but to be rather inroads are being made because principles taught in my early years by

96 Improvement Era parents who cared, and by others, perHe saw his efforts at Corinth, clock, simply in response to the taining to a spiritual life. In my weak Ephesus, Thessalonica, and Galatia habitual urge to smoke. With such

way I am working with these traits, slowly undermined by heretical teachmen the desire to answer the challenge hoping to gain the complete supremacy ers, a movement that eventually spread to quit requires something more than that they offer. To the Prophet Joseph throughout all of early Christendom, just the statement, "I have smoked my

Smith were revealed many divinely inleading to complete apostasy. last cigarette."

spired truths that can lift man into the But what had Paul personally As one of them said to me: "If I

light. In the following, the effect of gained? Wealth? He was absolutely could just quit for one hour, it would

spiritual mindedness in one's life is dependent upon the chance gifts of be an achievement. Then I would

given: others. Personal power? At his time say, 'now I'll go another hour.'"He

"... your whole bodies shall be of greatest need there had not been learned a great lesson: anything you

filled with light, and there shall be one friend to stand by his side. Love? can do for one hour, you can do for

no darkness in you; and that body He had learned by bitter experience two, and as each hour passes, new

light filled strength not there with few even were werewhich is new strength comprehow who comes—yes,

all things."his to 88:67.) in to the times of pressure extremehendeth ashamed, meet even him (D&C own

Here are a number of practical and misery. when things seem to go all to pieces.

effective ways of cultivating "spiritual Now, after all that he had suffered, From the apostle James we have this mindedness": after all that he had done, what was for those who overcome a weakness:

1. Hold fast to the standards of his condition? He was a lonely "Blessed is the man that endureth

right and truth. When we "water prisoner awaiting a malefactor's death. temptation; for when he is tried, he

down"or compromise standards, we What was the sum total of earthly shall receive the crown of life, which weaken our personal selves, and our goods that the long labor of his life the Lord hath promised to them that chances of true happiness grow less and had brought to him? An old cloak and love him."(Jas. 1:12.)

less as each sliding step is taken downsome books. 5. Love the truth. In my own acward. And yet, in what spirit did he write quaintance, the most happy persons

Certain biblical and other contemTimothy, his young convert, who was are those who love the gospel and its porary writings confirm the fact that, faltering in the faith? Does he comtruths of righteousness and who are

in the days of Israelite bondage in plain of his hardships? Does he regret making a real effort to live by the

Egypt, not all of the Israelites were his life? Does he dampen the courage standards of life it teaches.

slaves; some gained release and favored of his younger friend by telling him To be truly happy, our thoughts

positions by "going over"to the gods that almost every earthly hope is and deeds must be on the side of good, of Egypt. On the garden walls of doomed to failure, and that to struggle not evil. When men love darkness

their palatial mansions they painted against human wickedness is a fruitless rather than light, their deeds are evil.

pictures of the idols of the land, fight? I love the restored Church of Jesus

demonstrating their defection and Not so! His last letter to Timothy is Christ, because I know it helps me to

surrender of principle, as well as inone of hope rather than despair. For be a better person. I cannot say how

fidelity to their own people. This himself the battle is over; the race is good I am, but I know that without

incident portrays a universal lesson run. The days'work in the Master's the gospel I would be less good. Like

that has many parallels today in faith, vineyard is well nigh over. When it all men, I have inherent weaknesses,

in family, and in government. is quite finished and when he has and if yielded to, they could take me

2. Rise above adversity. David Stanentered the Master's presence, then and down to sin and carnalmindedness;

Jordan once said: "Only that becomes there—not here and now—shall he rebut this will never happen so long as I

real or helpful to any man which has ceive the crown of righteousness and magnify the priesthood that I bear and cost the sweat of his brow, the effort unspeakable reward. It is Timothy, stay close to the Church and its gospel

of his brain, or the anguish of his not Paul, who is in danger of yielding influences. And so it is with all men.

soul. He who would be wise must to languor and timidity, and forgetting To know and love the truth is to be

daily earn his wisdom."Continuing, that the Spirit of God is not of fear but free.

he said: "No one is ever miserable who of power and of love and of a sound 6. Be humble. One of the crownwould truly pay the price of happiness. mind. (See 1 Tim. 6:20; 2 Tim. 1:6-7.) ing goals of being spiritually minded is

No one is miserable who has not tried 3. Overcome weaknesses. One of the human quality of humility, espeto cheapen life."(The Strength of the great principles of the gospel is cially if it is selfimposed. As Alma, a

Being Clean, pp. 6-7.) found in the fact that man by divine prophet of ancient America, once said,

I recall a fable of the Norsemen right is an agent unto himself and "... blessed are they who humble

that when a man won a victory over therefore does only that which he themselves without being compelled another, the strength of the conquered wills. (See D&C 58:28.) to be humble "(Al. 32:16.) Actuwent over into his veins, suggesting Someone offered this suggestion: ally, such humility is of the nature of

that a victory over the carnal natures meekness, concerning which the Master of adversity and weakness brings "Life by the yard is hard, but said: "Blessed are the meek: for they

strength. By the inch, it's a cinch I"shall inherit the earth."(Matt. 5:5.)

The life of the apostle Paul, after The Prophet Joseph Smith possessed his conversion to the gospel of Jesus The overcoming of the tobacco this quality of humility, as evidenced

Christ, gives evidence of faithful enhabit is much the same as overcoming from this account: During the transladurance in rising above adversity. any weakness that is detrimental to tion of the Book of Mormon, food was

If in any man a sense of disappointhealth, happiness, and being of a brought to Joseph Smith and Oliver ment, a conviction that life is too hard spiritual mind. Cowdery by Joseph Knight, a farmer

for us and that we cannot shake off Take, for instance, the case of a friend. They had no money, not even

the crushing weight of its destinies, man I knew who had the habit of for paper needed in the translation.

could have ever been excusable, it smoking to the extent that he would The Prophet asked Joseph Knight if would have been so in the life of set the alarm clock for definite interhe would bring them some paper that

Paul.achieved?—theWhat visiblefoundingsuccessof hada fewhe reverievals duringon thethe edgenight ofandhisthenbed.sit Orin thehe 'did.translationHis greatcould interestcontinue,in whichwhat

churches, of which the majority were take another man I knew who did the was happening led him to ask the already cold to him. same thing without the aid of an alarm Prophet to inquire of the Lord what

June 1967 97 nothand these Prophet further had work. the The men might do to Are you tired he

yet goods, were they ing of the world's to this the response In gave to Lord of being tired? theKnight,Prophetwhicha teachesrevelationthe greatfor Josephprinpursuingthe worlda acauserecordthatof wasthe toancientbring into

ciple of humility: habitants of North and South America,

"Behold, I speak unto you, and also which without doubt is a new witness to all those who have desires to bring of Christ, and of the divine work of

Try Lyman's forth"Andandnoestablishone canthisassistwork;in this work Godin bringingour Eternalto passandthe HeavenlyimmortalityFatherand

except he shall be humble and full of eternal life of man.

love, having faith, hope and charity, I bear testimony that the truth has

Daily Supply beingever shalltemperatebe entrustedin all thingsto hiswhatsocare."beenand findrestored,in thethatrestorationman maytheseekpowerfor

(D&C 12:7-8.) that can lift him into the light of

Vitamins and stancesThis accountof humilityindicatesunderthewhichcircumthe ThisspiritualI dounderstandingin the name ofandJesusconviction.Christ.

Book of Mormon was brought forth. Amen. o Mineral Tablets

less than 2c a tablet

America Testifies of Christ Mark E. Petersen

Of the Council of the Twelve

In this day when many question the To King Ferdinand Columbus said:

existence of God, a clear voice comes "I came to your majesty as the emisfrom the western hemisphere testifying sary of the Holy Ghost,"upon which 5 natub aL in Itunmistakableis by no meanstermsa thatvoice heof lives!weakWasserman"In the samethe authorway beforecommented:that pious

OMAN'S ness that may be ignored. It is the assemblage in San Esteban he insisted

* *i* collectiveing from voicethe past,of millions,but manysomespeakingspeakthatspired."he (Pagemust 46.)be regarded as one innow in this atomic age. On page 62 of this book the author

(IS All together they exclaim: God lives, says: "His achievement did not seem

and Jesus is his Christ! to him something unimportant and

Ancient America, and the America of fortuitous: It was in his eyes so treChristopher Columbus, the America mendous, so inexpressibly great that it

of the Revolutionary War, the America could only have been achieved by the of the Civil War, -and America of today direct assistance of God."

join in a united testimony of this great Washington Irving, describing Coand comforting truth: God lives, and lumbus before Queen Isabella, said

Jesus of Nazareth is his Christ. that "he unfolded his plans with

Let us begin with the testimony of eloquence and zeal, for he felt himColumbus, who discovered this land. self, as he afterwards declared, kindled

High Potency HeGodtestifiedin his life,not butonlyalsoof thedeclaredrealitythatof sideredas with ahimselffire fromthe onagenthigh chosenand conof he was guided by divine power in his heaven to accomplish the grand deAll Natural voyageJacob of Wasserman,discovery. in his book phersign."Columbus,(Life and p.Voyages712.) of ChristoColumbus, the Don Quixote of the Columbus'own son Fernando, in a

Clip and Mail or Write Seas, quotes the discoverer as saying: biography of his father, quotes the

"The Lord was well disposed to my discoverer as saying: "God gave me

Don Lyman, 2431 Highland Drive, desire and he bestowed upon me courthe faith and afterwards the courage

Salt Lake City, Utah age and understanding; knowledge of so that I was quite willing to underPlease send Daily Supply Tablets, seafaring he gave me in abundance,... take the journey."

postage free. and of geometry and astronomy likeColumbus'last will and testament

the Holy."r.M*n+itwQuantity I| 5001Q0 tabletstab|ets $8.95$1 95 wise.hand unlocked... ThemyLordmind,withsent providentme upon Trinityreads in whopart: inspired"In the nameme.. of.

the sea, and gave me fire for the deed. The testimony of the discoverer of

Those who heard of my enterprise America is that God lives, for he inName.... called it foolish, mocked me and spired him. Shall we not accept his

laughed. But who can doubt that the word?

Address. Holy Ghost inspired me?"(New And what of the father of our counRutgers University Press, try, Brunswick: George Washington?

City bore the same kind of testimony. 1959, pp. 1920.) He

State Zip., l

98 Improvement Era Washington did not take up the Lincoln had no doubts about the came out of heaven;...

command of his army in the first inexistence of God. He knew God lives, "... and it said unto them:

stance until he had gone to the Alby reason of his almost daily experi- "Behold my Beloved Son, in whom mighty in humble prayer. He fought ence. Shall we not accept his word? I am well pleased, in whom I have

no engagements that were not One of the most convincing testiglorified my name—hear ye him.

preceded by appeals to the Deity, and monies of the past comes from the "And it came to pass, as they underthere was never a victory that was not aboriginal inhabitants of America. stood they cast their eyes up again

followed by acknowledgment of divine As careful research puts together towards'heaven; and behold, they saw

aid. facts now being disclosed by students a Man descending out of heaven; and

Characteristic of these expressions is of ancient America, there appears clear he was clothed in a white robe; and

his memorable announcement to the and convincing evidence that the anhe came down and stood in the midst troops following the battle of Yorkcient Americans actually knew Christ of them;...

town: personally, and that he walked and "And it came to pass that he

"Divine service is to be performed ministered among them. stretched forth his hand and. spake

tomorrow in the several brigades and Probably the most persistent of all unto the people, saying:

divisions. The Commanderin-Chief the traditions handed down through "Behold, I am Jesus Christ, whom

earnestly recommends that the troops past generations to our presentday Inthe prophets testified shall come into not on duty should universally attend dians of both North and South America the world.

with that seriousness of deportment is that of the Great White God. This "And behold, I am the light and the

and gratitude of heart which the recogbeing came among their forefathers in life of the world; and I have drunk out

nition of such reiterated and astonishancient times, healed their sick, raised of the bitter cup which the Father ing interposition of Providence demands some of their dead, and taught them a hath given me, and have glorified the of us."brotherly way of life. Some traditions Father in taking upon me the sins of

In his farewell orders to the army, say that he told them that when he the world, in the which I have suffered dated November 2, 1783, he said: "The was born in the flesh, he was the son the will of the Father in all things

singular interpositions of Providence of a virgin. from the beginning.

in our feeble condition were such as This Great White God promised "And it came to pass that when could scarcely escape the observance of that at some time he would return. Jesus had spoken these words the whole

the most unobserving."When the Spanish explorers came, multitude fell to the earth; for they

To Congress he said on April 30, as you well know, the Indians believed remembered that it had been prophe1789: that their leader was the returning sied among them that Christ should

"No people can be bound to acWhite God. This is what made their show himself unto them after his

knowledge and adore the invisible hand conquest so easy, and accounts for the ascension into heaven.

which conducts the affairs of men lack of resistance on the part of the "And it came to pass that the Lord more than the people of the United natives. spake unto them saying:

States. Every step by which they have Captain Cook found this same tradi- "Arise and come forth unto me,

advanced to the character of an indetion in the South Seas, and like Cortez that ye may thrust your hands into pendent nation seems to have been he took advantage of it. my side, and also that ye may feel the

distinguished by some token of ProviIt is remarkable that authorities say prints of the nails in my hands and in dential agency."that the aboriginal inhabitants of my feet, that ye may know that I am

Washington knew, and bore testiAmerica knew more about the Christhe God of Israel, and the God of the mony, that God lives and that he has tian religion than did their European whole earth, and have been slain for his hand over America. Shall we not conquerors, and that a definite form the sins of the world.

accept his word? of Christianity existed in America be- "And it came to pass that the multiAnd what of him who saved our fore Columbus ever came to these tude went forth and thrust their hands

country in times of civil war? shores. into his side, and did feel the prints

Abraham Lincoln bore testimony Dr. Daniel H. Brinton, for example, of the nails in his hands and in his

like that of Washington, repeatedly. says that the existence of these tradifeet; and this they did do, going forth

One of his most impressive statetions is irrefutable and that they were one by one until they had all gone ments was this: intimately and widely current from forth, and did see with their eyes and

"I have had so many evidences of Chile to Alaska long before the indid feel with their hands, and did

God's direction, so many instances habitants of this hemisphere ever saw know of a surety and did bear record, when I have been controlled by some a white man. that it was he, of whom it was written

power other than my own will, that I Another scholar of renown, Miles by the prophets, that should come.

cannot doubt that this power comes Poindexter, wrote that the tradition of "And when they had all gone forth from above.... I am satisfied that the Incas concerning the White God and had witnessed for themselves, they

when the Almighty wants me to do or was a nobler concept of our Creator did cry out with one accord, saying:

not do a particular thing, He finds a and was more enlightened than that of "Hosanna! Blessed be the name of

way of letting me know it."the Europeans. the Most High God! And they did

As he left for the city of WashingIs it possible that Christ came to anfall down at the feet of Jesus, and did ton after his election, Lincoln said to cient America giving this hemisphere a worship him."(3Ne. 11:3, 6-17.)

his neighbors who had gathered to say testimony of his existence? He blessed their children, healed

farewell: It is not only possible—it is a fact. their sick, even raised their dead, and

"Without the assistance of that DiThe ancient record of his coming, as established his Church among them.

vine Being I cannot succeed. With disclosed in the Book of Mormon, is This is the true record of the visit

that assistance I cannot fail. Trusting clear and convincing. of Christ—the Great White God—to

in him who can go with me and reThat record shows that following his ancient America. This is what gave

main with you, and be everywhere for crucifixion and resurrection in Palesrise to the traditions that still live good, let us confidently hope that all tine, the Savior came to -his "other in the hearts of American Indians and may yet be well. To his care comsheep"here in America. It tells of a natives of the South Seas.

mending you, as I hope in your prayers multitude expectantly gathered toSo ancient America, both in its writyou will commend me, I bid you an gether and adds: ten records and in its traditions, deaffectionate farewell.""... they heard a voice as if it clares that God lives and Jesus is his

June 1967 99 This Mary's little lamb will lead, not follow, her to school

Every year Standard Oil provides the funds leaders, and industrious youngsters deserve for 82 scholarships, right here in the all the help we can give them.

West, for outstanding Future Farmers of

America and 4-H members like the girl Scholarships, fellowships, refinery tours, in our picture. She is raising the lamb as geology trips, and teaching materials are

part of her 4-H project. some of the ways our Company shows

We provide this aid to education because, youngits continuingmen andinterestwomen.in America's

as specialists in natural resources, we realize that the greatest natural resource Standard Oil is trying to help young people any country can have is its youth. From discover more about themselves..

their ranks will emerge the nation's future and the world they live in.

The Chevron—Standard Oil Company of California Sign of excellence

and its worldwide family of Chevron Companies

100 Improvement Era Christ. Can we doubt testimonies as of him, the worlds are and were creleaders, and it comes from modern

great as these? ated, and the inhabitants thereof are prophets raised up for God's special

But modern America likewise gives begotten sons and daughters unto work in these last days.

testimony of God and Christ. God."(D&C 76:2224.) The testimony of all, unitedly and

The Almighty has raised up a new America is a land chosen of God together, is that God lives, and Jesus and modern prophet on the earth as for a great and divinely appointed is his Christ. This is the testimony

anciently he raised up Moses and work. Essential to the performance of of Latterday Saints the world around.

others. that task is an unerring testimony that They know that God lives, for their

And as he appeared to Moses, speakGod lives. modern prophets have seen him.

ing to him as one man speaks to anThat testimony is here. It comes And this is our humble testimony,

other, so in this modern day he has from the ancient world; it comes from in the sacred name of Jesus Christ.

appeared personally to an American today. It comes from our national Amen. o

prophet, and face to face has spoken to that prophet, giving him revelation.

This American prophet was Joseph

Smith. His first view of the Almighty

came as a young man in answer to a humble prayer.

Of this event Joseph Smith wrote:

"... I saw a pillar of light, exactly

over my head, above the brightness of the sun.... Gospel Imperatives

".. rested the light upon me When Howard W. Hunter brightness Personages, two.I saw whose

and glory defy all description, standing Of the Council of the Twelve above me in the air. One of them

callingspake unto me, by name me is salvation greatest of progresgiven a of plan search our and time The said, other pointing to the Thisand is sion. gospel for identity the longfor search the a personal Because and

is Son. Beloved Hear Him!"My

it life dignity. of us wants must Each an human range—even 2:1617.) eternal—goal, Smith(Joseph

into shortrange, real to broken be worthwhile be have immeup this only not time At Joseph saw diate objectives that achieved can personal the be andmeaning—in tomeaning—a alsothe Son, the spoke but Father and

is living day. next to today day. the and do and from day There tomorrow we their questions,to asked and them,

received answers in return. a search being made by people everyThe gospel imperatives consitute an

to life as in action challenge as search our a immediate important where, it! his Christ Think and God

lives as itself as a selffulfill- right today, for selfrespect, for well now, times moderncame to America—inof for eternally. for action plan maturity. emotional ment, and to face spoke youth anand American

forceful expression of the as nature, Notice Jesus character our and Much to face, calledto a be and him his said: to teachings; "Ask, individuals, to gave depends he and upon howprophet!

this search. given you; seek, ye ends and it conduct and will be what Too we

Later still, in company with his asit shall find; knock, of be the direction of us our shall turn and many

sociate, Oliver Cowdery, Joseph again lives to tragic goals and distorted puropened unto you:

this visited Savior.was by the Of receiveth; friends choose, poses. every that asketh the "For one The we

inexperience, place the took which findeth; seeketh that choices he and to and do and what we we make,

temple built by the Mormon people about these choices are the determining him that knocketh it shall be opened."

in Kirtland, Ohio, he wrote: guide lines that form and mold our (Matt. 7:7-8.)

"We saw the Lord standing upon lives; but choices alone are not enough. "... Love your enemies, bless them

pulpit, before of the breastworkthe goals, friends, of to best curse that that the best you, good and them do The feet his a under paved wasus; and of are for opportunities best that the pray hate you, all meanand them

like gold, color in amber. of purework into ingless are translated unless despitefully they 5:44.) use you."(Matt.

of fire; as eyes a flame "His were daily actions. reality our through I believe endorsed would have he

like of his the hair whitethe head was Belief to addition realized ancient in personal the an modern must be his countenance snow; shonepure all scripture: getting, achievement. Christians with Real thy "And must

of brightness sun; the the andabove briefly principles are going!"get that understand the of gospel His Jesus

of as ofhis rushing the the sound was is as just belief; of Christ paraphrased. a gospel not others unto you "Do

of waters,great the voice even Jehovah, it is action. is a of gospel plan you."His unto do have a would them "Go

saying: gospel "If of to imperatives, the the mile."very second and you know want

I first last; "I the the and am am is is its it of true, call to a out!"try substance nature I say whether what

slain; liveth, washe he who I am who is action. did say "observe"not gospel This imby what mean He we my

I Father."the advocate your with am it! gospel; said "live"peratives. are did chalthat words he not They He

110:2-4.)(D&C its say, to beautiful do, pray, repent, lenge structure "Note action'Go, and

And again, with Sidney Rigdon, imagery"; he said, "Go, do, see, feel, love, find, give, consider, provide,"and

Joseph once again was blessed with a give, believe!"The gospel of Jesus a host of others.

view of the Deity. Of this he wrote: Christ is full of imperatives, words One of the most dynamic challenges

"And now, after the many testithat call -for personal commitment and in the scriptures comes at the end of of given been havemonies which address to his Benjamin's people action—obligatory, binding, compulKing

last of all, testimony, is thehim, this sory. turns ministry concludes his as he and

which we give of him: That he lives! There is never achievement in any the reigns of government over to his

"For we saw him, even on the right field of endeavor unless it is preceded son, Mosiah. Standing on the tower

hand of God; and we heard the voice by a strong sense of purpose. There he built to address the people, he

bearing record that he is the Only Bemust be reasons for action and guides guides them through the fundamengotten of the Father for action in the form of real goals tals of the gospel and commits them "That by him, and through him, and and objectives. That is why we are to the wisdom, power, and purJune 1967 101

poses of God, making this most important challenge: "... and now, if

you believe all these things see that ye do them."(Mosiah 4:10.) The

sincerity of their belief must be demonstrated in the verity in their actions.

Action is one of the chief foundations of personal testimony. The surest witness is that which comes

firsthand out of personal experience.

When the Jews challenged the doctrine

Jesus taught in the temple, he answered, "... my doctrine is not mine,

but his that sent me."Then he added

the key to personal testimony, "If any man will do his will, he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether I speak of myself."(John

7:1617.) Do we hear the imperative in this declaration of the Savior? "If any man

will do... he will know!"John caught

the significance of this imperative and emphasized its meaning in his gospel.

He said, "He that saith he abideth in him ought himself also so to walk, even as he walked."(1 John 2:6.)

Merely saying, accepting, believing are not enough. They are incomplete

until that which they imply is translated into the dynamic action of daily living. This, then, is the finest source

of personal testimony. One knows beRobert Nielson of Huntington (Utah) First Ward, Emery Stake, watches conference from

cause he has experienced. He does not hospital bed.

have to say, "Brother Jones says it is true, and I believe him."He can say, Elder Adam S. Bennion, when he and becomes the man himself, chang-

"I have lived this principle in my own was with us, used to say, "Important as ing the very... [character] of his

life, and I know through personal exknowing is, there is a more important soul, then knowledge has passed over perience that it works. I have felt its field, and that is the field of doing. into power—or character—or wisdom

influence, tested its practical usefulLife is always bigger than learning. It or, to adopt the'term used by Joseph

ness, and know that it is good. I can is a wonderful thing to know, but it Smith, has passed over into intellitestify of my own knowledge that it is is better to do."This, of course, is the gence; and it is such a process alone

a true principle."meaning of the biblical injunction, "Be that represents true education."(Nels

Many people carry such a testimony ye doers of the word, and not hearers L. Nelson, Scientific Aspects of Morin their own lives and do not recogonly"(Jas. 1:22), which is another monism [New York and London: G. P.

nize its worth. Recently a young lady gospel imperative. Putnam's Sons, 1904], pp. 15152.)

said, "I do not have a testimony of This gospel imperative expresses the If the gospel of Jesus Christ is truly the gospel. I wish I did. I accept its very nature of Church education. The to become a part of ourselves, then

teachings. I know they work in my doctrine of making hearers into doers there are several things we must keep

life. I see them working in the lives of the word extends to the point at in mind in putting the gospel imperaof others. If only the Lord would anwhich we believe that what we know tives into action.

swer my prayers and give me a and do in the gospel needs to become First, it is essential to remember that testimony, I would be one of the hapingrained into the very nature of our it is more important to be able to piest persons alive!"What this young being. Nels L. Nelson expresses this think and hence to act in terms of

lady wanted was a miraculous intergospel imperative in one of his books gospel principles and teachings than it vention; yet she had already seen the defining the Mormon concept of eduis to merely memorize gospel facts.

miracle of the gospel enlarging and cation in these words: "The only kind Remember the injunction from Provuplifting her own life. The Lord had of education which squares with the erbs: "Wisdom is the principle thing;

answered her prayers. She did have a ideals of Mormonism is that which therefore get wisdom: and with all thy

testimony, but she did not recognize trains a man to do. If it be asked, to getting get understanding."(Prov.

it for what it was. Of such, Jesus do what, the answer is, to do the things 4:7.) Solomon's great blessing was "an

said, "... they seeing see not; and that need to be done.... understanding heart."We should

hearing they hear not, neither do they "True education is therefore training study gospel principles with the purunderstand. a man to do his part in the social pose of understanding how they apply

"And in them is fulfilled the prophworld.... and may be used in our life today, not

ecy of Esaias, which saith, By hearing "... knowledge is only half of injust to be able to remember them.

ye shall hear, and shall not understand; telligence. To stop here is to be falsely Second, don't be afraid to put them

and seeing ye shall see, and shall not educated. If, however, the truth perinto action. Courage—and this is as

perceive."(Matt. 13:1314.) The gosceived becomes a dynamic fact in a true of spiritual courage as it is of

pel is the way of life. It is practical, man's character; if it is incorporated physical courage—is not acting in the

plain, and simple. It is a gospel of into his mental attitude, and reacts absence of fear. Courage is acting in

action, even to the tiny dayto-day immediately upon his life; if, in short, spite of fear. If we stood tall in the

actions that make up the art of living. it ceases to be something in a man, gospel, we would soon find that it is

102 Improvement Era easier to act than it is to remain idle or story for me is also the signature of I expect a blessing by doing it. By

to cower in a corner. gospel imperatives. One spring as they keeping this and other laws, I expect to

Third, remember that our attitudes opened the potato pits she had her boys prosper and to be able to provide for are most important tools to success. get a load of the best potatoes, which my family."(Life of Joseph F. Smith,

Knowledge is power only when it is she took to the tithing office. pp. 15859.)

used constructively. We should extend She was met at the steps of the This is the goal of gospel impera-

a positive belief in the gospel into a office by one of the clerks, who remontives, "to be able to prosper and positive belief in our own ability to live strated as the boys began to unload provide for our families."The abunthe gospel as an effective factor in our the potatoes. 'Widow Smith,"he said, dance of the good and worthwhile

lives and in the lives of those about us. remembering no doubt her trials and things of life comes from following

Businessmen have proven that the sacrifices, "it's a shame that you should them. I bear you my testimony that in

difference between the successful and have to pay tithing."He added a them lies the wisdom of eternity. It

the unsuccessful usually reduces down number of other things her son did is my witness that God lives, that to a difference in attitudes. This is just not care to repeat, chided her for payJesus is the Christ, the Savior of the

as true of gospel living. "As [a man] ing her tithing, and called her anyworld. My appeal is to each of us,

thinketh in his heart, so is he"ought thing but wise and prudent; he said and the hundreds of thousands of perto be a prime tenet in every gospel that there were others able to work sons who joined with us by viewing

lesson. (Prov. 23:7.) who were supported from the tithing this conference today, to catch the

Fourth, be assured that one kind of office. The little widow drew herself up vision of and follow the admonition

ability we must have is "stickability."to her full height and said, "William, contained in the key to all imperatives:

No matter how good the beginning, you ought to be ashamed of yourself. "For every one that asketh, receiveth;

success comes only to those who "enWould you deny me a blessing? If I and he that seeketh, findeth; and to

dure to the end."did not pay my tithing, I should exhim that knocketh, it shall be opened."

Fifth, whenever we tackle a gospel pect the Lord to withhold his blessings (3 Ne. 14:8.) This is my humble

imperative, immediate goals will help from me. I pay my tithing, not only prayer, in the name of Jesus Christ.

us master it. Our decision to read because it is a law of God but because Amen. O

scripture becomes quite practical when we decide to read a chapter at night Sunday Afternoon Session, April 9, 1967before we go to sleep. We should set

up longrange and eternal goals, to be sure—they will be the guides and

inspiration of a lifetime; but we should

not forget the countless little immediate objectives to be won tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow. To win

and pass these objectives marks our progress toward the greater goals and insures happiness and the feelings of Be Comforted success along the way.

Gospel imperatives are action words Marion D. Hanks

challenging every Latterday Saint to gospel living. They are the active Of the First Council of the Seventy

pathway to personal participation in the laws of the gospel, and every one A few days ago as I pondered this has made mistakes, but who has really leads to rewards and blessings. An responsibility a letter arrived from an tried—only to have a child disregard

example of this may be found in the anguished parent whose child had his teachings and example and choose blessing attached to one of these gospel taken a wrong turn in the road and had another way?

imperatives. It reads, "And all saints become enmeshed in serious trouble. Possibly no subject is more frequently

who remember to keep and do these About the same time a telephone call and earnestly treated in Church insayings, walking in obedience to the brought a request for help from a struction and admonition and procommandments, shall receive health mother, under similar circumstances. gramming these days than that of the

in their navel and marrow to their That weekend the "Church Section"responsibility of parents to their chilbones; quoted in an article a letter from andren. All who have association with

"And shall find wisdom and great other heartbroken mother whose promyouth and families know the imtreasures of knowledge, even hidden ising son had been destroyed by portance of this emphasis, and none treasures."(D&C 89:1819.) Such are drugs. Experience recalls many such could question the validity of the

the blessings promised, and there are matters. effort.

many more, each to its own gospel Each of these instances involved Outside the Church, people of honimperative. They are imperatives beparents who had earnestly tried to do est interest and goodwill feel the same

cause they call to action, and every their duty, had themselves lived honand seek the same objectives.

positive action in the gospel plan orable, devoted lives, had reared choice Few scriptural admonitions are more makes better and happier men and families, had loved and found much to clearly or strongly given than those women. praise in the child who had made the relating to the responsibility of par-

I never think of gospel imperatives wrong decisions. Nevertheless, the ents and adults to their children and

without remembering the story of Mary child had made the wrong decision. the younger generation. If we were

Fielding Smith, that indomitable pioBeyond the anguish caused by the to select a scripture that is perhaps as neer mother who was the wife and errant child in such cases is often the frequently referred to as any other by widow of the Patriarch Hyrum Smith, added burden of censure from neighspeakers and teachers, we would be brother of the Prophet. I am sure you bors, and selfcondemnation as scripreasonably safe in choosing the 68th

are all familiar with the story of her tures are read or alluded to in classes Section of the Doctrine and Covenants, struggles to bring her little family to and meetings and discussions. where a wellknown instruction from

the valley of the Great Salt Lake. What has the Church to say to a the Lord to his children is recorded.

Well, one of the highlights in that sincere parent who, like all parents, Certain of the brethren received counJune 1967 103 sel, and instructions of general applicawhose children follow the established forgiveness of the Lord. A wicked man

tion were included. Among the choice way, their hearts break and their who repents and becomes righteous

directions from the Lord is this verse: spirits sag. They are sickened by queswill live. A righteous man who be-

"And again, inasmuch as parents tions they cannot answer, critical of comes wicked will die. Every man

have children in Zion, or in any of her themselves, assisted in their own selfmust stand before God and answer for stakes which are organized, that teach criticism by the sometimes unthinking his own choices and for his own them not to understand the doctrine judging of others. character.

of repentance, faith in Christ the Son What shall be said to such heartWhat Ezekiel said to ancient Israel, of the living God, and of baptism and broken parents? Is there any encour- I believe we must understand and

the gift of the Holy Ghost by the laying agement for them in the scriptures? apply to modern Israel. Where homes

on of the hands, when eight years old, What have the prophets said? and hearts are sundered by the resentthe sin be upon the heads of the parEzekiel was a prophet during the ful or rebellious bad choices of a child

ents."(D&C 68:25.) captivity of Israel. He preached to a who is accountable and has made his

Parenthood, the revelation teaches, people to whom it was comforting to own stubborn decisions, which cross involves the responsibility to "teach attribute their current problems to the in their willfulness the purposes of the their children to pray, and to walk sins of former generations. They were parents, God understands and does not

uprightly before the Lord."(Vs. 28.) habituated to quoting a prophecy: condemn the honest parents.

My purpose today is to express my "The fathers have eaten sour grapes, Jeremiah quoted and refuted the own deep appreciation of the validity and the children's teeth are set on same proverb:

and relevance of these instructions, and edge."(Ezek. 18:2.) "In those days they shall say no

to say that I believe and accept them as There is, of course, a measure of more, The fathers have eaten a sour the word of the Lord. But there is truth in this proverb, as every parent grape, and the children's teeth are set

another side of this story that deserves or close observer of the human experion edge.

attention and compassionate considerence knows. Our children do suffer "But every one shall die for his own

ation. in many ways from our defections or iniquity: every man that eateth the sour

We are all aware that home and derelictions, just as they prosper from grape, his teeth shall be set on edge."

parental and adult influence are of our proper instruction and our love (Jer. 31:2930.)

greatly persuasive importance in the and good example. There is some solace for the sorrowlives of children. In commenting on As Ezekiel admonished Israel he ing heart in recalling the first family

the relationship of adult to child spoke these words, recorded in the 18th of the Bible. Seeking earnestly to live

over this pulpit some years ago, I noted chapter of Ezekiel: obediently in response to their knowl-

"that among other things the following "The word of the Lord came unto edge of good and evil, faithful parents are true: me again, saying, tried to teach their children. One son

1. Children are inclined to be like "What mean ye, that ye use this understood and offered unto God an

their parents and the homes from proverb concerning the land of Israel, acceptable sacrifice. Another son did

which they come. saying, The fathers have eaten sour not or would not understand. To him

2. Children are also influenced by grapes, and the children's teeth are set and his offering God had no respect.

associates who come from other homes on edge? So serious was his misunderstanding

and therefore are influenced by the "As I live, saith the Lord God, ye and his response that he rose up nature of the other homes and the shall not have occasion any more to against his brother and slew him.

parents who live in them. use this proverb in Israel."(Ezek. What of the first family of the Book

3. Other adults and environments 18:1-3.) of Mormon? Reared by the same

have great influence on young people. As I read the record, Ezekiel was not mother and father in the same house-

4. Young men and women soon disminimizing the sorrowful imposition hold, some of the brothers loved God

cover the truth about parents or other of trouble in the life of a child who and followed the counsels of their paradults whose lives are not consistent is deprived of the truth or misled by ents. They were loyal to their heritage

with their expressed convictions in the the faithlessness of a parent. Ezekiel and possibilities. Other sons took an

way they live. was reemphasizing for Israel the great opposite course. They were willful

It is true that there are a number of importance of individual responsibility and rebellious and unresponsive to the examples of fine young people who rise before God and of God's impartiality instructions and example and enabove their home and family environin dealing with every man according to treaties of their father and mother.

ments and their training and the his own character. Hear these words Repeatedly they followed their own

example of the adult generation. They of the Lord through the Prophet, imwayward wills, to the heartbreak of

somehow find the way themselves and, mediately following his instruction their parents and to their own ultimate setting high goals, manifest the deterthat they no more use (or misuse) the disaster.

mination and courage and capacity to proverb in Israel: If there needs be more evidence of

achieve them. There are exceptions on "Behold, all souls are mine; as the the widespread nature of the problem

the other side of the coin also, and it is soul of the father, so also the soul of and the deep compassion of the of this that I would like to speak for a the son is mine: the soul that sinneth, Father for those who suffer through

moment. it shall die."(Vs. 4.) it, consider another family in which

What of the earnest, sincere parents Repeating those last words, "the one choice son humbly accepted the who do their best to rear their family soul that sinneth, it shall die,"the counsel and plan of his father and with integrity and devotion, only to Lord added: followed that plan according to his

see a child (or several children) choose "The son shall not bear the iniquity father's will; while another son, also

paths leading to destinations that of the father, neither shall the father an authority in the kingdom of his break the hearts of the parents? Like bear the iniquity of the son: the righfather, followed his own wayward will

other parents, this father and mother, teousness of the righteous shall be upon and base arrogance, rebelled against aware of their vulnerabilities and him, and the wickedness of the wicked his father and his instructions, and, not limitations, have earnestly tried to shall be upon him."(Vs. 20.) content with this, induced a third of

rear their children in the nurture and Ezekiel then encouraged repentance his brothers and sisters to rebel against admonition of the Lord. As they hear and obedience, noting that the retheir father and to follow him, to their

the sermons and testimonies and obpentant sinner may avoid the eternal own heartbreak and sorrow.

serve the good fortune of neighbors consequence of his deed through the Whatever application is to be made

104 Improvement Era of Ezekiel's instructions, surely there he deals with every man according to be of God, or whether I speak of myis this invitation to those in whose his own character. He has taught us self."(John 7:1617.)

households there is peace and joy and through Ezekiel not alone that every The Father of our spirits requires rejoicing because of their posterity: man must stand on his own and anobedience. The best embodiment of

be humble. Be compassionate and swer for his own decisions, but that this principle, the most humble in

considerate and prayerful in behalf of God desires that all shall turn to him yielding to the divine will, was the those who have suffered the misforand live, he having no pleasure in the best and purest being who ever dwelt tune of a wayward child. Thank God, suffering of his children for their sins. in mortality, even the Lord Jesus

watch and pray, and be humble. In a recent magazine it is quoted: Christ—he, in whose mouth there was

To those to whom the sorrow of a "On the last six days of Passover, Jews found no guile, who was perfect and child unresponsive to parental instrucsay a special prayer—the half Hallel. without blemish in all the walks of

tion and example has come, be comTradition has it that when the Egyplife. While he was obedient to his

forted. God understands. He knows tians, in pursuing the Jews, were Father's will and humble to the exwhat it means to have a rebellious son drowning in the Red Sea, the Lord kept treme, he was independent of the

and wayward children. Many others his angels from singing his praises, influence and persuasions of wicked

understand. admonishing them, 'How can you sing men, including Satan, who tempted

Again let it be said that there is no hymns while my creatures are drownhim severely.

disposition to minimize the importance ing in the sea?'Then, said Jesus to those Jews who

of our doing all we can to lead and God help us to be humble if we are believed on him:

direct and inspire obedience in our blessed with children who follow the "If ye continue in my word, then children. We can tragically impose way they have been shown. God help are ye my disciples indeed;

upon their lives by our failures. But us to be gracious and compassionate "And ye shall know the truth, and

let there be concern and consideration with others whose experience has not the truth shall make you free."(John

also in recognizing the principle of been so favorable. God help choice 8:3132.)

agency in accountable people and the parents who have truly tried, but have Truth or principle does not change;

responsibility to answer for the choices had heartbreak, to know his love and today, if we desire the blessing of God, his are the gracious encourandthat made. warmth must be to we obedient—obedient

heart. of requires his understanding agement conscience, that we accept responGod to conviction of right, to

sibility for our individual decisions; In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen, o divine authority, and to God, in whom

we trust.

Obedience applies to all—to youth

in school, those who work in the shop and factories, the farmer, the rancher, the office worker, the teacher, all the professions, mothers and fathers and children, in their homes and out of their homes.

Obedience to the gospel, making application of the gospel principles in our daily lives, guarantees every adherent the companionship of the Holy

Spirit, and this Spirit secures to every

Obedience to Law faithfulconcerningindividualthe trutha orlivingfalsitytestimonyof every proposition presented for our conJohn Longden sideration.

The Apostle Paul said that "by one

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve spirit have we access unto the Father."

(See Eph. 2:18.)

We have been fed and uplifted burnt offerings and sacrifices, as in All who embrace the gospel are enspiritually in music, song, prayer, and obeying the voice of the Lord? Behold, titled to an individual testimony of the

speech during all the sessions of this to obey is better than sacrifice, and to truth; the same Spirit guides into all

conference. The spirit of encouragehearken than the fat of rams. truth, reveals the things of the Father,

ment has been richly manifest. Where "For rebellion is as the sin of witchand imparts the inspiration essential

do we go from here? What are we craft, and stubbornness is as iniquity to preserve mankind from a blind

going to do about it? and idolatry. Because thou hast reobedience to erroneous principles and

I remember the words of President jected the word of the Lord, he hath false guides.

McKay some months ago when he also rejected thee from being king."Again, may I repeat the statement

made this statement: "Make Jesus (1 Sam. 15:2223.) of the Savior, recorded in John 7:17:

Christ the center of our lives."I feel Here obedience is referred to in "If any man will do his will, he

these are the doctrines that have been simple, understandable terms. This is shall know of the doctrine, whether it

taught in all the sessions of this conan eternal truth that is characterized be of God, or whether I speak of ference. by the ancient seers and saints, who, myself."

In an age of the world when rebellike the Messiah, were ready to say by This secures to all men protection lion is to be found in many areas, word and deed, "I came not to do against imposition and abuse of power obedience is, by mistaken ideas of mine own will but the will of my and the false decisions of manmade freedom, considered a mark of humiliaFather who sent me."(John 5:30.) councils.

tion. In reality, true obedience to the The Savior taught this great lesson The Lord has promised to guide and

Lord's commands is an indication of 2,000 years ago. direct his Church upon the earth, for

moral courage, strength, and power. "... My doctrine is not mine, but he "will do nothing but he revealeth

Samuel, the Old Testament prophet, his that sent me. his secrets unto his servants the

declared: "If any man will do his will, he prophets."(Amos 3:7.)

"Hath the Lord as great delight in shall know of the doctrine, whether it This does not imply the infallibility

June 1967 105 Suddenly... everything

or council that no who of men man you need to make a of man, but it does imply the promise at shall stand the head of the Church astray. to lead the Saints have power phone call this assurance, then, the peoWith

ple of God in every dispensation have been justified in rendering absolute, yet intelligent, obedience in the direction of the holy prophets.

The evidence is sure that whatever has come, either by written document right orChurchverbally,has frombeen theattendedpresidencywith ofgoodthe

of this principle obediApplying in the palm results.

civil to organizations of a ence and business character, confusion and of your hand. weakness result from men refusing

To order the new Trimline phone, theirpresidingsupportauthorityto theor decisionof the majorityof the call our Business Office or ask your vote.where Carlyle,the actionthe isgreatleft writer,to popularsaid:

Telephone Serviceman. obedient"All greatto all mindsthat is areover respectfullythem; only

small souls are otherwise."

The twelfth article of our faith

Mountain States Telephone states:

"We believe in being subject to kings, presidents, rulers, and magistrates, in obeying, honoring, and sustaining the law."

to encouraged a family hold home SAVERS! MONEY NEW! FOOD & Each family in the Church is evening. evening has manual A home

H BREADMASTER DOUBLE to been presented every encourfamily capacity; holds Full 12quart in 5 minutes. dough it Kneads to lessons study the aging them that

pail solid Lifetime and aluminum 1 to for 4 loaves. dough first for the eight of months to contains rod. Pail clamps steel lid. mixing Stainless surelock

table. 2-year guarantee. 1967, the subject matter being "ObediShip. wt. 7 lbs $21.95* ence to Law."

is rendered obedience The to God MODEL CAMCO is (Tin plated) $12.95 based a conviction that upon he Ship. wt. 7 lbs.

perfect in all his ways, possessing the

IMPORTED GRINDER attributes of justice, judgment, knowlto flour wheat Grinds edge, all in power, mercy, and truth their fullness. to his Obedience apim- inNewoneandgrinding!

mill proved is pointed authority earth the upon for use is with 'obedience so taught to him and by corn, PERMAPAK ALSO OFFERS wheat, etc. nuts, the Savior.

built Sturdily and economical family food storComplete of "He that receiveth you receiveth me, for years plans age service. Large, heavy receiveth he that and receiveth me foods freezedried camping line of Complete

sharp strong, with that (Matt. 10:40.) groups church sent me."for and club Special rates plates. Adhim grinding

to information. literature for free fine justable from and are told Write and And further on, we

flour.. for coarse verily, strengthened "Verily, thereby: or Grinder Breadmixer order for the Send your cereal.. or

together with check or money order to: Ship wt. 12 lbs $1 1.99* whomsoeverI say unto Iyou,send Hereceiveththat receivethme; and

DOMESTIC GRINDER, 2 MC MODEL he that receiveth me receiveth him that lb., S.L.C. F.O.B. 30 Not Mailable..$19.95PERMAPAK sent 13:20.) me."(John IN PREPAREDNESS PRODUCTS PIONEERS City. Salt F.O.B. * Lake

It is not the person who calls for residents include Salt Lake City, tax. Utah 84115 40 E. 2430 South, Utah 3%%Includesalespostage.

this respect and consideration; it is

the principle involved. God has placed

authority upon the humble men.

Through their administrations can be

IN USE FOR OVER 75 YEARS secured the benefits and blessings that

Aids in treatment of simple sore follow obedience to the ordinances of the gospel. Implicit obedience must

throat and other minor mouth and be rendered. The mandates of the

CO. JEWELRYthroat irritations. Jesus Lord are imperative. No substiDA 2-1039 2ND. SOUTH 2 WEST tute will do.

HALL'S REMEDY INTERMOUNTAIN'SSALT LAKELARGESTCITY 1DIAMOND, UTAH DEALER byThethe pathSavior.has Thisbeen ismarkedthe onlyand sureled

Salt Lake City. Utah pattern for living.

Obedience is essential to salvation, essential to success in every avenue of hu106 improvement Era man enterprise, whether rendered to the "O my Father, if this cup may not to the spirit of ecumenism. These are

laws of God direct in their moral and pass away from me, except I drink ecumenical councils in which you spiritual phases or to his authority vested it, thy will he done."(Matt. 26:42. labor industriously to bring into one

in man. Obedience must be implicit. Italics added.) the whole of Christianity.

Our leaders ask us to do right, to live I humbly pray that we may exercise In all of this you see us, The Church pure lives, to do good to all men and this power and strength in obeying and of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, evil to no one, and to respect the order keeping the covenants we have made standing apart, not participating. We

of God's kingdom, that salvation and with the Lord Jesus Christ. I feel that are not in the councils. And not only

exaltation may come to all. more than any other thing, the human this, you find us sending missionaries

The epistle of Paul, the apostle, to family today needs to keep close to among your parishioners, pleading the Hebrews: Jesus through obedience to his spiritual with them to hear the message of the

"Though he were a Son, yet learned and moral laws. As we make Jesus gospel of Jesus Christ, and bearing

he obedience by the things which he Christ the center of our lives, this will witness that he lives.

suffered."(Heb. 5:8.) be our lot, and I pray for this, bearing Why, you ask, will we not support

Jesus set the example in the Garden my witness that these things are true. the great ecumenical movement? Why

of Gethsemane as he prayed to his In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, do we absent ourselves from councils

Father just previous to his crucifixion: our Savior. Amen. o called in the name of Christian unity?

It is in answer to this question to you and to the wondering youth in the

Church that we yearn with prayerful, fervent desire that you may feel the spirit in which we speak.

Our brethren, we declare that councils alone will not bring unity. The

efforts of men only, regardless of how

be accomplished through more will A Call to the Christian Clergy wellintentioned,No will not call it forth.

reorganization atuninspired and

Boyd K. Packer tempted unification of the Christian

churches than has been accomplished

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve through the uninspired separation of them.

I feel subdued in spirit, brethren and thing missing. It was when men denied the gift of

sisters, as we come near the closing Your youth have become unresponthe Spirit and failed to heed the inmoments of this great conference. sive, and although you have introduced spirations from the Lord and the

There is the promise that "when a man innovations into the worship services promptings of the Holy Ghost that carries it into the hearts of the children jazz combos, poetry reading, interprethey strayed from the gospel of Jesus of men."(2 Ne. 33:1.) Because there tive dancing, all thought to be Christ and began to contend one with

are some here visiting with us as guests appealing to youth—nevertheless, they another and to protest one against the

about whom I care deeply, I pray for an are drawn away and grow up without other.

interest in your faith and prayers as faith. The very concern, the recognition

I direct my remarks to them. One reads with serious reflection the of the need to be put together again,

It has been our privilege over the words of the Prophet Amos: the very feeling that something is out

past two years in the mission field to "Behold, the days come, saith the of order that wants to be put in order, become acquainted with clergymen Lord God, that I will send a famine indeed, the very reason for which the from a number of Christian churches. in the land, not a famine of bread, nor ecumenical councils are being called

We find them to be good men—sincere, a thirst for water, but of hearing the are evidence that the division in the

honest in their dedication to the minwords of the Lord: first place was wrong and even aposistry that they have chosen. It is to "And they shall wander from sea to tate in its dimensions.

you "men of the cloth,"as you term sea, and from the north even to the There is indeed a need for unity.

yourselves, that I speak. east, they shall run to and fro to seek But we would be mistaken to assume

Would you be offended if I called the word of the Lord, and shall not that each of the multiplicity of Chrisyou "our brethren"? This term, comfind it. tian churches is part of the socalled

monly used in the Church, is a title of "In that day shall the fair virgins "body of Christ"(one Church repredignity and honor, and I address you and young men faint for thirst."(Amos senting the arm, another the leg, anthusly in respect for your ministerial 8:1113.) other the head, etc.), and that putting

assignment. I testify that such a spiritual famine them all together would make the full

Please understand the spirit in which is upon the world. And as moral fiber "body of Christ."

I speak. It is with humility and withis weakened, forces of darkness grow They are not component parts, but

out arrogance that I call to your in courage. Evil has unclothed herself are imperfect and distorted copies of

attention a matter of significant spiriand walks the street in brazen imputhe whole. To pretend that bringing

ual importance; in the spirit of what dence, defiant, frightening, persuasive. them together will constitute bringing

might be termed "a call to the ChrisIn recognition of this, you point with into one whole all that is essential for tian clergy."nervous realization that the churches the salvation of mankind would be to

In conversation several of you have are not fulfilling their obligation to mislead one another.

opened your heart and given expression mankind; and you find yourselves You have no doubt on many occato your solemn feelings concerning the reaching out to one another, hoping sions read these words in the gospel

Christian Church at large, the feeling to draw close together, to stand of John:

that something is out of order that shoulder to shoulder, sensing that in "If ye love me, keep my commandwants to be put in order. Not so much unity there may be strength. ments.

as you have said, that the clergy is You have told me of your councils "And I will pray the Father, and he not desirous of moving people to good local, regional, national, and worldshall give you another Comforter, that works, but rather that there is somewide—in which you devote yourselves he may abide with you for ever;

June 1967 107 IS YOUR FOOD STORAGE PROGRAM "Even the Spirit of truth; whom the \- mi

ECONOMICALLY SOUND? world cannot receive, because it seeth 4

him not, neither knoweth him: but ye

know him; for he dwelleth with you,

and shall be in you.

"I will not leave you comfortless: I

will come to you."(John 14:1518.)

In no age in the history of the world were men more in need of that spiritual comforter.

Is it unreasonable to ask you, who are by disposition such seekers after truth that you have chosen the ministry, to set aside for a moment selfinterest, prejudice, even concern over the source of your livelihood, and to openly and honestly and prayerfully consider that there may be an answer provided by the Lord that cannot be arrived at in ecumenical councils?

"For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways, saith the Lord.

"For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher is the heart storfood Wheat of any than your ways, thoughts than and my age program, supply keep your wheat (Isa. 55:8-9.) thoughts."your regular basis turnover on a rather

risk illiberal spoilage. than for that Write informaAre "you so you could f tion about highprotein, cleaned least as at that a thought admit wheat. storage pronot food your Make

gram a practical program. God may have chosen not to restrucAND SURPRISE! ture,even tonorreuniterepair, thenor churches?to renovate, nor

That stored wheat you have delicious basement the most makes in your Mankind is not left alone. There is One of the transmitting towers through

bread other to the goods. and of Christian baked answer problem Now the of carried which leaders were words Church

convert can you your stored wheat is unity, nor a a reuniting not but it to world. Saints throughout the by airwaves flour at natural into wholesome your

It restoration! is the convenience by using the superb Allrenovation. den so many of them."It is not easy Grain Flour Mill. was The Lord's way certified to man to change.

A MODERN ADAPTATION on April 6, 1830, when there was In this conference you have heard

The AllGrain Mill is a modern elecorganized The Church of Jesus Christ quotations from the Book of Mormon.

tric Saints. of of refinement Father Latterday the and old fashioned, The offended have been that anySome flour mill twostone that preserves the appeared. heavens Son had The one that the Bible would assume nature's was nutrition marvelous and flavor exceptional with opened! were economy. or that there to incomplete needed be Start to flavor, enjoy top now good Angelic said, indeed, messengers restored by ordimore. have, They health "A Mills economy. available and

sizes. again nation the priesthood. once All in two for mills guaranteed God Bible. Bible! got a have A Bible! We year. terms. one Easy his Prophet. spoke through A counBible?"need have for more What we

full information, For write: cil called. apostles of twelve was And 29:3.) Ne. (See 2

organization, authorproper the with are, nonetheless, inescapably We ity, been it had was restored as ALLGRAIN FLOUR MILL first faced the the Bible fact that with with

Christ. established Jesus by as only, wellintentioned worthy men, P.O. Dept. E r Box 168

is It It offer. easy not an way we centuries today, of as you with City, Brigham Utah 84302 is to particularly change, not easy to their opportunity end, seek dehave or to see the path come when we we have vised multiplicity of a such churches

P.O. 115 Box light. in a walked new that the even ecumenical movement

Tremonton, Utah 84337 A naturalist one day knelt in the seems hopeless to unite them. And if

Scottish highlands with his magnifying the present trend continues, the Bible glass focused upon some blossoms of itself will be repudiated by the the heather until, as he afterwards churches.

TALK WITH confessed,denly he glancedhe lost overtrackhisofshouldertime. Sudand "missingOur brethren,something,"as youconsiderlook for thesethat

found an old highland shepherd words spoken by a Book of Mormon watching. I suppose he was somewhat prophet: LYNN SMITH saying a embarrassed, but without "And Christ hath said: If ye will

bell and plucked heather the word he in shall faith power have have me ye Participation On Radio it glass the magnifying with handed is to expedient thing whatsoever do 1:00 - 3:00 - 6:00 4:30 to the the shepherd. old put The man in me. TO PEOPLE PEOPLE at to his peered eyes instrument and all said: hath Repent he ye "And

the heather bell. He was silent for ends of the earth, and come unto me,

awhile; then, handing back the flower and be baptized in my name, and have

NIC "Ay,and theman,instrument,I wish ye heno saidhad slowly:shown faith"Andin me,now,thatmy yebelovedmay bebrethren,saved. if

Salt Lake City, Utah me that."this be the case that these things are

"Why?"asked the naturalist. true which I have spoken unto you, and

"Because these rude feet have trodGod will show unto you, with power

108 Improvement Era and great glory at the last day, that they are true, and if they are true has the day of miracles ceased?

"Or have angels ceased to appear unto the children of men? Or has he

withheld the power of the Holy Ghost from them? Or will he, so long as

time shall last, or the earth shall stand, or there shall be one man upon the face thereof to be saved?

"Behold I say unto you, Nay; for it

is by faith that miracles are wrought;

and it is by faith that angels appear and minister unto men; wherefore, if

these things have ceased wo be unto the children of men, for it is because of unbelief, and all is vain.

"For no man can be saved, according to the words of Christ, save they shall have faith in his name; wherefore, if these things have ceased, then

has faith ceased also; and awful is

the state of man, for they are as though there had been no redemption made.

behold, brethren, "But my beloved In Monticello (Utah) Ward, San Juan Stake, boys and men listen to Saturday evening

I judge better things of you, for I priesthood session.

judge that ye have faith in Christ because of your meekness; for if ye

have not faith in him then ye are not fit to.be numbered among the people

of his church."(Moro. 7:3339.)

"What today's world must have,"said President J. Reuben Clark, "if

humanity iswards, ismen—thoseto go on climbingwearing upthe Making God the Center of Our Lives

as cloth as well the know laity—who

lives that the President David 0. McKay Jesus is and that God

Christ; men who, having this knowl- (Read by his son Robert R. McKay)

edge, have also the intellectual honesty tonot only it; to admit but proclaim

is to hour close a drawing stations. radio The now further have thewho courage moral

this great wherein conference annual of 'as realize never May before that we sterling theand live character to the the soon will Church have become an mastery of one's personal inclinations livesrighteous this deknowledge of event past. the sessions is themthe heart of The the Christian religionmands. This knowledge be a must selves will history, be mere all but religions. of and we the nature By living, burning of knowledge and God that pray the messages will given is ever selfish individual and inclined toChrist."

remain the tablets on of our memories his follow It immediate impulses. brethren, bear Our that testimony we will and factors become moving requires in our religion, or something higher of Jesus of LatterChrist ChurchThe daily lives. than individual or an a society even is Saintsday Lord's the Church upon

individuals, to selfish the overcome All that has said been all of done, and earth,the his declaration the by own impulses of the natural man, which the testimonies directly borne or have living trueonly and church upon the will lead to successful, him a more indirectly to led this divine admoniface of the earth whole he, with which life. fuller Selfmastery comes through tion—".. first. seek ye the is kingdomthe Lord, pleased. well

selfdenial little things. of Christ of his God, righteousness; all and and thirtyseven years hundred ago, One in these singular said: words "... these things shall be added unto you."in anticipation of the that dilemma

life will his whosoever save lose shall (Matt. 6:33.) face, the of would Chrisproblemman

it: will life lose and whosoever his fortian unity answered the was with Let us center of the make our God it."sake shall find (Matt. 16:25.) myorganization, the restoration of the lives. first of That the was one adself forget strive Whenever you for andgospel of Christ, Jesus presided over by monitions given gospel the was when the others, of betterment for and some-a prophet of apostolic God, first having the to preached have man. To comthing better, higher rise to and you all authority andpower the and with his munion God, through Holy spiritual If, the plane. in the moment it asorganization existed in is Spirit, the had of the aspirations one noblest of quarreling, in the of momentprimitive Church. life. is It of the peace love when and to temptation fault find another, with I bear I witness you of that soul, entered have the my know God when will lose self selfcentered our for wethat is the gospel of Jesus true, Christ serving the becomes motivating him the of the good of Church which we it isthat the of life factor salin power one's unto existence, that and God are for the members, of the good comallvation, that and will lives others, the of can touch quickwho we men especially munity, for and progress the

receive and come inspiring ening baptism themay by and them, though even the of gospel of Christ, Jesus will we ofsaving ordinances is the Church spoken. no be operative and word There spiritually, blessed be happiness and in of certainty a theirknow in heart the spiritual as force a active world own will our be reward.

of truth of the the of this as real as message the that and waves have gospel. In the name of Jesus Christ. carried the messages of this conference "What though I conquer my enemies,

Amen. o over a vast network of television and And lay up store and pelf!

June 1967 109 I am a conqueror poor indeed our weaknesses, more kind and charigift of the Holy Ghost by the laying on

Till I subdue myself."table toward the failings of others. Let of hands, when eight years old, the sin

(Unknown) us resolve that we shall practice more be upofi the heads of the parents."

selfcontrol in our homes; that we shall (D&C 68:25.)

"... seek ye first the kingdom of control our tempers, our feelings, and The character of a child is formed

God, and his righteousness; and all our tongues that they may not wander largely during the first twelve years

these things shall be added unto you."beyond the bounds of right and purity; of his life. He spends 16 times as

(Matt. 6:33.) Seeking first the kingdom that we shall do more seeking to demany waking hours in the home as in

of God, making him the center of our velop the spiritual side of our lives, the school, and 126 times as many life, is an essential and fundamental and realize how dependent we are hours in the home as in the church.

part of religion; indeed, you cannot upon God for success in this life, and Each child is, to a great degree, what

imagine religion without it. Faith in particularly for success in the positions he is because of the everconstant inGod as a supreme being is the fundawe hold in the Church. fluence of home environment and the

mental principle of religion. With the prevalence in the world, careful or neglectful training of parWhen God becomes the center of and around about us, of pernicious ents. Home is the best place for the

our being, we become conscious of a ideas and subversive teachings that child to learn selfcontrol, to learn new aim in life—spiritual attainment. pervert the minds of the unstable and that he must submerge himself for the

Physical possessions are no longer the uninformed, and, as has been noted good of another. It is the best place

chief goal in life. To indulge, nourish, in the meetings of this conference, diin which to develop obedience, which

and delight the body as any animal vert some of our young people from nature and society will later demand.

may do is no longer the chief end of Church standards, may parents, stake Homes are more permanent through mortal existence. God is not viewed presidencies, bishoprics, quorums of the love. Oh, then, let love abound!

from the standpoint of what we may priesthood, and auxiliary leaders realize Though you fall short in some material get from him, but rather from what we that they have a greater responsibility matters, study and work and pray to may give him. than ever before to do all they can to hold your children's love. Establish

Only in the complete surrender of counteract these poisonous influences. and maintain your family hours alour inner life may we rise above the Let us testify to the youth that God ways. Stay close to your children.

selfish, sordid pull of nature. What is our Father; that the spirit within us Pray, play, work, and worship together.

the spirit is to the body, God is to the is just as eternal as he. This body is This is the counsel of the Church.

spirit. When the spirit leaves the physical. It is a mere house, just as Would you have a strong and virile

body, it is lifeless, and when we elimphysical as this building, which, if left nation?—then keep your homes pure.

inate God from our lives, spirituality alone, is lifeless, no matter how Would you reduce delinquency and languishes. beautiful or how substantial, and will crime? then lessen the number of

We accept God as indeed our Father. not fill its purpose if left unoccupied. broken homes. It is time that civilized

Christ taught us to address him as Our body will not fulfill its purpeoples realized that the home largely "Our Father which art in heaven."pose—it cannot—without that lifedetermines whether children shall be

(Matt. 6:9.) To us he is so real that giving something within which is the of high or low character. Homebuild-

we accept his appearance in this disoffspring of Deity as eternal as the ing, therefore, should be the paramount pensation as an expression of his love Father. When death comes, his power purpose of parents and of the nation.

for his children. God is not merely a ends with the silencing of the physical With all my heart I say, God bless

force, though he is that. He is not heart. He does not, he cannot touch you, brethren and sisters, you parents,

merely something away out of our that eternal part of man any more you men of the priesthood, you leaders touch, but he is as near as your father than he touched Christ's spirit while of our stakes, wards, and missions, you is to you and my father to me. I like his body lay in a borrowed tomb. He temple presidents, you missionaries.

to think when I have a task to perform himself lived and moved and had his God bless and protect the valiant that in secret I can say, "Father, guide being. It is also true that death cannot young men who are in the armed forces

me today,"and feel that I shall have touch that spirit within us. That spirit of our country.

added strength to do that task. I may within, young man, young woman, is I pray that the spirit of this great

not succeed always. My own inhibithe real you. What you make of yourconference will remain in all our

tions and weaknesses may prevent my self depends upon you as an individual. hearts and be felt throughout the

doing so, but there is strength in the You are in this world to choose the uttermost parts of the earth, wherassurance that I can go to him and right or the wrong, to accept the right ever there is a mission or a branch in ask him for help and guidance. That or yield to temptation. Upon that all the world; that that spirit might be

is what you can do. choice will depend the development of a unifying power in increasing the

Christ declared: "... I am come the spiritual part of you. That is testimony of the divinity of this work;

that they might have life, and that fundamental in the gospel of Jesus that it may grow in its influence for they might have it more abundantly."Christ. good in the establishment of peace and

(John 10:10.) In him we have our May parents especially realize that brotherhood throughout the world.

life, our guide. His name is the only the most potent influence in child life I bear you my testimony that the

one whereby mankind will find peace, is the home, and that the Lord has head of this Church is our Lord and safety, comfort, and salvation. He directly placed the responsibility of Savior, Jesus Christ. I know of the

who would have the abundant life teaching their children upon the parreality of his existence; of his willingmust follow him. ents. I wish the following paragraph, ness to guide and direct all who serve

As we depart now to go to our given by revelation to the Prophet him. I know that in this dispensation

various homes, let us make real the Joseph Smith, could be written and he'restored with his Father through good feelings that have been aroused put upon the wall of every home in the Prophet Joseph Smith the gospel of in our souls throughout this conference. the Church: Jesus Christ in its fullness.

Let us not permit to evaporate from our "... inasmuch as parents have May we have increased power to be

minds and feelings the good resolutions children in Zion, or in any of her true to the responsibilities that the we have formed. First, let us resolve stakes which are organized, that teach Lord has placed upon us as General

that from now on we are going to be them not to understand the doctrine of Authorities, and upon you, my brethmen and women of higher and more repentance, faith in Christ the Son of ren and sisters, I pray in the name of sterling character, more conscious of the living God, and of baptism and the Jesus Christ. Amen. o

110 Improvement Era "1 wish the following paragraph given by revelation to the Prophet Joseph Smith could be written and put upon the wall of every home in the Church;'

President David 0. McKay

April 1967 Genera] Conference

m '- -:: K:::::;::-;:;;:: *;::: ';':

U "... inasmuch as parents have

children in Zion,... that teach i

them not to understand the docti trine of repentance, faith in Christ 5, the Son of the living God, and of

baptism and the gift of the Holy

Ghost by the laying on of hands, when eight years old, the sin be upon the heads of the parents."

(D&C 68:25.)

Best of Movies By Howard Pearson

Paramount Picture

Big game ranching in Africa is theme of Africa, Texas Style.

Africa, Texas Style, starring Hugh than he is and gets him a job at the Magazine and other respected pub-

O'Brian, is one of the family movie Manned Space Center. lications have recommended this

delights certain to entertain adults Don's hometown thinks he is a film for everyone interested in as well as children this summer. In great astronaut, when in reality he balletfrom 7 to 70.

the film, which is reminiscent of only handles janitorial duties at the Up the Down Staircase, taken another popular African movie of center. The hometown finds out from the bestselling book about

recent years, Hatari, an attempt is about this and Don is embarrassed. the experiences of a schoolteacher

made to capture all types of wild He tries to bolster himself in drink, in a school for underprivileged animals because they are becoming which is the only objectionable part youngsters in New York, is a powtoo numerous. The capturing is of the picture. Before it's over, erful, welltold, and compelling

attempted with ropes, and when Don becomes a real astronaut and drama. Sandy Dennis, who won

the cowboys from Texas go after remembers how to land his ship the best supporting actress Oscar, giraffe, zebra, rhinoceros, and other because of something he learned at stars in this film, which has also animals with a lasso, it makes for the amusement park. won national honors from PTA and

entertaining cinema. While these are general audience other youthinterest organizations.

A wise person has observed that pictures, the movie world has proWalt Disney Studio is being an adult can't really criticize the duced some films that adults and represented this summer by a group musical tastes of young people mature young people should find of reissues and films that are playuntil he has seen and heard them. enjoyable. ing secondrun in theaters and

Sonny and Cher, entertainers who There is A Man for All Seasons, driveins. All are suitable for all

are popular with the teenagers, the Academy Awardwinning best members of the family. The new

have made their first movie, Good picture, which deals with Sir ones include Bullwhip Griffin, a

Times. It's way out in some reThomas More and his relationship comedy on Gold Rush days, and

spects, but has nothing objectionwith Henry VIII. It has a timeless Monkeys, Go Home, the story of

able. The film pokes fun at message about a man's duty to his some olivepicking monkeys in

westerns, with Sonny playing a own conscience and to God being Italy. The reissues are Snow White

western hero who is so incompetent more important than his duty to and the Seven Dwarfs, the perenthat bad men leave town rather man. nial favorite; and The Absentthan disgrace themselves by tanBolshoi Ballet of 1967, which we minded Professor and The Shaggy

gling with him. recommended after a screening Dog, two hits that proved Disney

The Reluctant Astronaut is anseveral months ago, is just now could make comedies that would other light and delightful film for going into release. With the backappeal to adult audiences as well

summer. Don Knotts plays a charground of lovely Tchaikovsky music as to children. O

acter who is afraid of heights, but and stunning photography, Bolshoi Motion pictures reviewed on this page are he manages to get a job as an dancers put on several numbers neither approved nor recommended by the astronaut at a kiddy rocket show. that have become traditional at theChurchjudgmentor the ofEra.the Theyreviewer,are, however,among thein

His father thinks Don is greater Christmas ballet performances. PTA least objectionable of the current films.

112 Improvement Era general session and a late afternoon mission departThe Church ment meeting.

Moves On With President McKay presiding, the 137th annual conference of the Church began this morning in the Salt Lake Tabernacle.

Church membership announced today for the period ending December 31, 1966, was 2,480,899: 2,032,359 in

March 1967 the stakes and 448,540 in the missions. There were

68,843 converts and 48,273 children of record baptized

New Jersey Central Stake was organized from in the stakes and missions.

parts of New Jersey Stake, with Robert H. Daines

sustained as president and Reginald L. Call and During the day bishops, stake presidents, and

Frank H. Wirig as counselors. This is the 429th stake other Church leaders met with students on

of the Church now functioning. President George H. the campus of Brigham Young University, Provo.

Mortimer of the New Jersey Stake received new The semiannual church welfare meeting was held counselors: J. Lorenzo Smith and Dennis Whisenant. this evening in the Tabernacle. A chorus of Salt

The changes were made by Elder Harold B. Lee of Lake City area bishops provided the music.

the Council of the Twelve and Elder Franklin D. Mission and other reunions were held this evening.

Richards, Assistant to the Twelve. Elder Orson Pratt

introduced the restored gospel in New Jersey in 1832. Following a day's recess, general sessions of the

conference resumed in the Tabernacle.

The priesthood session in the Tabernacle was filled

April 1967 to overflowing. Priesthood bearers were assembled

also in the Assembly Hall and in 478 other locations in

New stake presidency: East Jordan (Salt Lake the United States and Canada. In addition, about 60

County) Stake, President Richard F. North and tapes were made to be sent to groups not tied into

counselors, Del E. Brady and Ralph E. Jensen. the directwire service.

The appointments of Paul B. Tanner as treasurer,

The First Presidency issued a statement urging Jay W. Mitton as assistant secretary, and Carol

support of the annual cancer fund drive now in Christopherson (Mrs. Kenneth H.) Smith and Kathryn

progress. Barnes (Mrs. Robert G.) Vernon as members of the

A twoday seminar for new members of stake presigeneral board of the Deseret Sunday School Union dencies and bishoprics in foreign stakes began in the were announced.

assembly room of the Church administration building under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric. This morning's conference session utilized spaceage communication for the first time as the

The 61st annual conference of the Primary Asconference was broadcast in Hawaii via the Lani Bird sociation began this morning with a general satellite.

session in the Tabernacle. Department sessions were It was announced that some 240 television stations

held in the afternoon, followed by an evening recepbroadcast portions of this conference.

tion. Attending for the first time were Primary presiFire destroyed transmitting facilities in Massadents of the Mexico City (Mexico) and Ffawkes Bay chusetts of shortwave radio station WNYW.

and Wellington (New Zealand) stakes. Sunday School sessions for leadership were held

following close of the general conference, and a

Department sessions occupied the morning hours Sunday School conference general session in the Tabof Primary conference, followed by an afternoon ernacle convened this evening. O

June 1967 113 Melchizedek Priesthood

Lying on that hospital bed, I remembered the Savior's words to the apostles:

The Spirit of Home Teaching

Have you ever had an experience that changed were given a new name for an old program. In

the course of your life? remembering my past performance as a ward teacher,

Mine came without warning. I had just returned I saw that my chief motivation had been to make a

from Sunday School and was seated comfortably on short visit to each home once a month so I could our patio. I had always been physically active and satisfy the bishop and the pressure for reports. But

now at 44 felt myself to be in excellent physical now something important was taking place within me.

condition. Suddenly I became aware of a cold Many things were taking on new meanings: the

feeling in my chest, which quickly spread throughout prayer on the sacrament; taking upon myself the

my body. A heart attack. name of the Savior; his meaning for my life; his

What happened then is now a blur: my wife calling voluntary sacrifice that I might live beyond death;

the doctor; friends administering to me in the hoshis principles of life that make possible the most

pital; the brink between life and death. At one intensive and permanent kind of joy; his priesthood,

point my heart stopped beating. which he had given to the Church.

Long days and nights of apprehension and unIn a way, I had been born again.

certainty gradually gave way to hope. Through divine So, when the bishop and the quorum leaders called

intervention, I was spared. me as a home teacher, I read the section in the DocLying on that hospital bed, I reviewed my life and trine and Covenants that outlines the duties. I was

behavior. I saw that I had had no conscious goal particularly impressed with the thought of "watching

to guide my actions, but had been tossed about by over my families, to be with and strengthen them."

the winds of the world and had reaped much regret (See D&C 20.)

and sadness. I made a personal commitment to the Lord that I

One day as I lay in bed, I remembered an event would try to "watch over my families"the way that recorded in the last chaper of John. The disciples, he would. Oh, I know that he is infinitely wiser than

confused and discouraged, had been fishing, when I. But I did feel that I could implement his teachings

the resurrected Savior appeared to them. He ate in my relationship with them and emulate his love.

with them and then, indicating the fishes, said: In one of the homes in my district lived a widow.

"Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me more than One day during a snow storm my wife and I saw her these?... Yea, Lord; thou knowest that I love thee. struggling to the market. I stopped the car and

Then Jesus said, Feed my lambs."told her that it would be a privilege to take her. I

Again Jesus asked the same question and gave told her I wanted her to think of me as a friend and the same charge, and even a third time: that whenever she needed help, she should let me

"Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me?... Lord, have the chance.

thou knowest all things; thou knowest that I love "Thank you so much,"she said. "This is the first

thee. Jesus saith unto him, Feed my sheep."(See time a home teacher has done such a thing."

John 21:1517.) One night I remembered I had never seen her at

This injunction took on new meaning for me. If any of our socials, and I decided to find out why, if

the Lord should ask me if I loved him, what could I could without offending.

I do to prove it? That day, in humble supplication, She was very gracious when my companion and I

I prayed that I might make up for lost opportunities. knocked on her door. I told her that we had come

Months later I attended a meeting in which our because I really meant what I said about wanting to stake president outlined the new home teaching be her friend. "I really feel you do,"she said, "and

plan. I remembered that some wondered why we I appreciate it."

"Feed my lambs."

I finally approached her about our socials.

"Well, I must admit that I have been invited to attend sometimes. But never once did I feel part

of the group. No one invited me to go with them,

and I didn't want to feel that I was imposing."

That month she went to her first social with my wife and me. No one could have been more warm

in appreciation.

I discovered something else. Giving is not a oneway street. This widow's appreciation made it possible for her to give to us. One night she called and

said that if we ever needed a babysitter, she would love to do it.

Later, it occurred to me that she didn't hold any position in the ward. I mentioned this to my group

leader, who spoke to the bishop. Soon the widow

gratefully accepted a call to teach in the Junior

Sunday School.

Through these experiences, I learned that the position of a home teacher means that one is kind of second father to the family, bringing the help and facilities of the quorum, the ward, and even the

Church to each family and each member. I also

learned what the Savior meant when he said: "I will

not leave you comfortless; I will come to you."(John

14:18.) He kept that promise to me.

The Savior spoke to you and to me that morning on the shores of the sea of Tiberias. What is our

answer? Do we say with Peter: "Yea, Lord, thou

knowest that I love thee"? And in answering this

very personal question, we must call to mind another scripture: "Not everyone that saith unto me,

Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven (Matt. 7:21.)

With this thought in mind, can we now say:

"Yea, Lord, thou knowest that I love thee"? If we

can, then again will we hear in clearcut tones mingled with the soft wash of the surf as it spills upon the shore, the repeated injunction:

"Feed my lambs..

Feed my sheep...

Feed my sheep...

Cx.."..> t-.X*'

W/.'.itifa'Vi

1 W, % fa m F'% ipnm< Ultii W "*% "M

M i/j>.>lLJiA WK Sii!llMiaiiiMMll

Illustrated by Warren Lueh Things Weren't A Iways As They NowAre

It was late when the bishop what makes this ward so much going home during that half hour dropped off his counselors. They'd more active than those other before Sunday School and not

had a full evening of visiting wards. But I'm baffled; I can't coming back.

some members; they were enjoying quite put my finger on it, unless "You think we have the greatest

the rich spirit of harmony this it's that we've been especially Scout troop in the district?

night. But it was late, and so fortunate in having such a wealth I'll admit that seventeen active

with a firm handshake for each, of leadership all living in the Eagle Scouts make a pretty the bishop drove off into the night, same neighborhood. Everyone impressive sight, but three years

leaving them standing in front seems so interested and active!"ago we couldn't find anyone

of the second counselor's home. The first counselor's smile who'd even be Scoutmaster. And

"You know, Jim, I can't tell you broadened. He shifted his weight the reason the bishop and I were

how grateful I am to be in this and savored for a moment this so delighted when our choir was bishopric. Frankly, I was quite honest praise. Perhaps he alone asked to sing in stake conference

surprised when the bishop chose knew how hard the bishop had is because the presidency knows me after Brother Murphy moved. struggled to bring the ward to ours is the one ward that can

Having been in the ward less this point, while a newcomer bring together forty people who'll than a year—well, I just assumed viewed the ward's high degree of sing with spirit and never miss

he'd call someone who'd lived activity as merely a natural a practice. But there was a

here longer."occurrence. time when we were the only ward

The first counselor smiled and "Those are kind words,"he finally in the stake that didn't have a put an affectionate arm around his replied. "I admit we have some choir!"He paused again for

companion. He liked Brother capable leaders, but I don't emphasis. "No, Brother Larson,

Larson; he and the bishop had think I'd give much credit to the things weren't always as they

both noted his willingness and fact that they just happened to are now."

enthusiasm soon after he moved be all living in the same They both stood there in the into the ward. He was aware, neighborhood."dark. The lights went off in a

too, that it was only after He paused to let his next words house across the street, but the considerable prayer and fasting sink in: "You see, Brother Larson, second counselor was still intrigued

that the bishop had felt right in things weren't always as they and curious.

choosing such a new member of are now. There was a time, "Well, wait a minute now. I'm

the ward as a counselor. only a couple of years ago, when inclined to think you're playing

"As I've mentioned,"Brother we were at the bottom of the down your past history. You've

Larson continued, "we were statistical list in the stake. And always had some great leadership

somewhat involved in our last two you didn't need a report to see in this ward. Didn't someone

wards, and they were really it. The members'attendance tell me that when the bishop

fine people, but somehow many at sacrament meeting was usually was stake Sunday School of them never quite reached the much less than average. superintendent, his wife was the

high record of Church activity that Priesthood activity didn't seem Relief Society president? That

many in this ward have achieved. too bad, until you realized how your wife was MIA president, and

I've been trying to figure out many of the brethren were you headed up one of the most

Presiding Bishopric's Rage

116 Improvement Era active elders quorums around? When I asked to have Brother when we deny individuals the

Hasn't Brother Meeker been a Haddock as MIA superintendent, opportunity to participate as mission president? Wasn't Brother the bishop said no, simply leaders and teachers, we prevent

Dansie in the stake presidency because Brother Haddock's wife them from discovering the full before he became the patriarch? was already a counselor in the blessing of the gospel. So when

It seems to me this ward has had Primary. When I reasoned that he started making Church

some great Church families in it."the superintendent's calling was callings seem like something

The first counselor's eyes gleamed the more important, the bishop special—one to a person—people

as he stepped forward and said: said, 'Well, the Primary is began waiting and anticipating

"Oh, you're right. This ward already organized. Find someone what their particular calls would

has. always had some great, else.'And that's what we had be. The strong members, reduced

active families in it. But earlier to do: we had to find someone else to one assignment, put everything

you said we were 'fortunate'to for many positions! Why, when they had into it; the less

have such tremendous leadership we cut back to one assignment experienced Saints really worked in our ward. And what I'm per person ( and we didn't count at pulling themselves up to

saying is that some of our most home teaching as such a calling; this new standard.

effective people were neither active that was a priesthood privilege, "Why, when we went to see nor leaders a while back."the bishop said), we found Gary Clark about being

The first counselor was making ourselves foundering for want of Scoutmaster, he smacked his fist his point, as he added: "You leadership. into his palm and said he'd give

see, I want to give credit where "So the bishop had the clerks it a real try. And he said another

credit is due: to the bishop. He's draw up a ward roster that thing; he said this was the first

the man who has changed this listed everyone with and without real assignment he'd had since ward so remarkably. You came assignments. He forced us to going through the temple. Do you

in from the outside and now consider people I had always know, with his lackluster comment on how wonderfully thought to be totally disinterested. attendance record, I never

active everyone is, how splendidly So when we came to them, dreamed he'd been active before.

our programs run. I say to you, humbly and prayerfully, something Later, we discovered he had

it wasn't always so. The bishop quite remarkable happened to never felt a part of our ward;

has made the difference."them and to this ward. We he felt that no one needed him,

"How did he do it?"Brother needed them, and they soon no one cared.

Larson quickly asked. discovered the pleasure of feeling "Yes, we've been especially

"When they ordained him bishop, needed, appreciated."'fortunate,'as you suggested, but

the first thing he did was release But the first counselor wasn't our fortune has come with a his wife and mine. The next through. He pressed on: "The bishop who has prayerfully given

thing he did was to tell Brother bishop likes to quote something himself over to the task of

Murphy and me—quite firmlyhe read years ago, that one of the helping provoke great Church

there would only be one ward important functions of the experiences from all the families assignment per person, and only Church is to help perfect the living in our ward. It's worked

one major position per family. individual. He always says that out wonderfully!"O

June 1967 117 /..

A doctor once said to a woman, about a snowy evening, and love "You know, you run around as if the thoughts and rhythm as he tells you were a brand new Lincoln of promises to keep and miles to go

Continental, while you really are before he sleeps. ("Stopping by

a Model-T Ford. Take it easier. Woods on a Snowy Evening.")

Change your pace and find anTurn to Marianne Moore's poem other beat to march by."Each one "Silence"as she quotes her father

of us has his own builtin timing, on the thought that superior people and he should adjust his life to it. never make long visits. Enjoy the

Years and conditions can change words and thoughts of Emily Today's Fami this rhythm, so the very best thing Dickinson as she says: Florence B. PinnocK;

to do is to know yourself well "Eternity will be Editor enough to live by the beat that seems best for you today. Jan, Velocity or pause,

across the street, has entirely difPrecisely, as the candidate ferent timing than you. Condition

yourself to your own rhythm. Preliminary was."

A husband who didn't dash A summer day with a book ofaround as fast as his wife once said poetry can change life's outlook To Tin to her, "It isn't a virtue to work and considerably. If you are a busy

even to play as fast as you do. Slow mother, try it sometime. l- mm... JmtL Vl*\

down and enjoy life."It is imporPerhaps one evening you will

tant to fill each minute but not so turn pages to find out what Arisnecessary to cram every 'second to totle said about the power from overflowing. within, or Plato's concept of deSummer is a time to leisurely enmocracy, perfect equality, and

joy each hour. This June may be education. In high school did you

just the month for you to discover miss the Iliad and the Odyssey, two your best pace. Take time to read, of the oldest complete books in the

to dream, to doze, to discover. western world? These books are

Much of this can be done with a not light reading for a warm sumbook in your hand. Find out how mer day, but they would help round

Carl Sandburg feels about Chicago; out your knowledge.

listen to Robert Frost in his poem Maybe your interest would move

118 Improvement Era & y

i f/

s&r:

on to a man who said, "He who has explained by Elder Paul H. Dunn. then will be a shaper of minds.

a why to live can bear with almost Know something of Adventures in It is good for children to see their any how"; or to a psychiatrist who Friendship by David Grayson and mother turning the pages of books.

talked of "the last human freedoms"Teaching the Gospel by Asahel If parents make reading seem—the ability to "choose one's attiWoodruff. special, children will imitate them

tude in a given set of circumMaybe your knowledge gap is and also find joy in reading. Sumstances."Become excited over your miles wide where words are conmer is a time to mine the thoughts

own possibilities! This summer decerned. You read without underof others—but more than that, it is

cide to find out a little about a lot standing the exact meaning of a time to discover oneself.

of things and a lot about one thing. words. You are a "surfacer,"a

A good way to do this is to turn "skimmer,"and meanings elude you NO CAVIAR pages every day and discover how because in the past the dictionary If you were to visit down your great men and great woman feel has just been a big book on a shelf. street, how many jars of caviar

and think. Tease the meaning out This summer would be worthwould you find on your neighbors'

of books that make you think, and while if you were to widen your shelves? If your friends are like

also let a light, gay book tease you. word wisdom. Read to relax but mine, you wouldn't discover one.

Two people speak as you read—read to learn. Women like recipes that have

the one who has written and the Make the dictionary your coman interestingly different twist, one who reads. Reading can close panion and you will escape your but these recipes must also call just

many gaps. How wide is your limited word jail. Word underfor "pantry shelf"ingredients. Exunderstanding of art, of poetry, of standing can become a delightotic ingredients evade many of us

child psychology? If you are a ful game, and your vision and because of too little money or the

mother, you can help close the horizon will widen as your vocabuunavailability of a food specialty "generation gap"by reading what lary enlarges. This summer never store. Try checking your favorite

specialists in teenage behavior have pass up a word you don't know, recipes and you too will come to learned through their years of and in time you will even find the conclusion that your most popustudy. If you are trying to teach yourself arguing with authors over lar recipes are often those made by

in some organization and know you their choice of words. It is fun! just walking into the kitchen and

are not succeeding, that no one is This interest in clear expression going to work. Take pride in prelearning from you, why not choose might tempt you to pick up your paring everyday dishes better than

a few books on teaching and pencil and start writing. Creative anyone else. This month we have

leadership techniques and make ideas with new twists plus the right for you some unusually delicious them yours? Be interested in who words equal thoughts others will recipes calling for "pantry shelf"

The Ten Most Wanted Men are as read, learn from, and enjoy.. You ingredients.

June 1967 119 j#"X *% $% *%

Jones is a To In invery common naiTie But Our Man Harry writes about very uncom- mon people. They're usually Budget Beef

funny. See Harry's column Combine I pound ground beef, Vi CU P

every day in your family dryspoonbreadsalt,crumbs,y* teaspoony2 cup milk,pepper,1 tea-1 newspaper. teaspoonspoon gratedWorcestershireonion. Linesauce,ungreased1 teamuffin cups with -mch thick layer

of mixture. Bake at 325 F. about

30 minutes. Fill centers with creamedDESERET potatoes and peas and serve.

NEWS Oatmeal Biscuits

2 teaspoons salt 2 cups boiling water ATTENTION, CHOIR CONDUCTORS! 22 cupstablespoonsquickcookingbutter rolled oats

1 package dry yeast cup warm water Suggested LDS Choir Anthems % packed dark brown sugar cup firmly y3 1 cup instant nonfat dry milk Verdi MD Prayer Our Lord Hear 'Tis Gates M Eventide Me, WithAbide flour J/2-4 3 cups

Richards Shepherd, Is M The Lord My M Honor Schreiner Glory, LaudAll and butter Melted Gates M Prayer Lord's Robertson April M Evening in theAll Robertson MD Prayer Lord's

Asper M Beautiful theAmerica Trehorne Spirit M Thy Now May salt In to boil- 2-quart a saucepan add E Stickles Arise! GatesAwake! Lives M Redeemer My in rolled stir oats. ing water; Remove E Chambers Daynes M Heavens Be forBeautiful the Zion Let Me Now

stir until heat. butter from and Add I Joyful van off E theBless Lord Ye

Holler God All Our Thank We Now In large a to lukewarm. Cool Jacob melted. M Air JamesBrother

Our'God EM Bach All Thank We Now D Robertson Saints sprinkle Ye over yeastCome, Come mixing bowl warm Robertson M Brother Man

Cornwall Saints M YeCome, Come until stir dissolved; add water E and Aulbach Upon Burden Cast Thy

Davis M of the the Earth BeautyFor Lord the in mixsugar. oatmeal Blend brown

Kessel Mendelssohn M MGlory God to Worship Let Us Come, Stir in Gradually milk. ture. nonfat dry Cornwall in M Ages Help God, Our Eberlein is M HolyGod soft a stir in flour to enough make Past E Stainer the Loved World SoGod M Cannon in Mountains Lofty bowl, brush Place buttered dough. E Schreiner GivesGospel Unbounded Auber for Us Slain M Savior, Loving cover, allow butter, to with and melted Strength, The Cornwall M King the Worship

until in place doubled. Is stand Schreiner On TrulyGospel M the warm Power Sibelius M People Ye Onward

of God Open Our Eyes Macfarlane D lightly floured surface knead until

Jenkins M Gates Mendelssohn the Open Israel OverHe Watching M into size of pieces the Divide smooth.

of Grief Durham M Wayfaring Man Poor in M This Howorth HouseHere in place greased or walnut and an egg Robertson M of Man Son Arnold City MD Holy to allow tins. Neidlinger stand Cover muffin and M of God Spirit MD Harker Beautiful the UponHow Shelley M Still Thee Still, With until in place Bake doubled. a warm Mountains Handel M Lord Thee, to Thanks 375 until at or done minutes about 20 I Effinger E E Shall Not Caldwell Pass Again Morn Easter Blessed That

will find rack. F. wire Cool Handel You on M This Meadows Verdant Way

Schreiner MD Watchmen Are If these biscuits to be chewy and flavorYe Love Me, Keep My Carlbon M We

M Shaw Voice of Singing a With Commandments some.

In My Father's House MacDermid M The Letters E, M, MD and D indicate easy, difficult,Jerusalem, Turn medium Thee Gounod M medium, Brickie Cookies and difficult. Butter

ofJesus, Titcomb Love Wondrous M Name to 30c Price is 25c D Average Is of Shelley King Shepherd Love My (8 dozen)

Foster Heart Your Be Let Not M

Pate Ora Troubled Stewart's *-* / 1 package butter brickie cake mix "To a Child"Let Us Oft Speak Kind Words Gates E Lo, My Shepherd Is Divine Haydn MD Solo or Trio BjffVLMdMMvfetA/WDw 3 tablespoons flour

Praetorius Rose Beauteous a Lo, M What Music 50c each * <?0 % cup milk Lutkin E Bless You Lord P. and Keep You 0. Box 2009

Lord Is a Mighty God, The Mendelssohn M IDAHO FALLS, IDAHO S3401

120 Improvement Era 3 eggs Graceful Classic V2 cup rolled oats V2 cup brown sugar 1 teaspoon vanilla 1 cup chopped nuts eAWi'M Blend all ingredients except nuts toTemperature has a great deal to gether and beat at medium speed 4 minutes. Stir in nuts. Place by teado with the volume produced when

spoons on buttered cookie sheet and beating eggs. Have the eggs at

bake at 350 F. until golden brown.

Cool on wire rack. room temperature before starting

to whip. For a high meringue, use

Cheezy Dip 3 egg whites, Vz teaspoon baking

Vz cup cottage cheese powder, Vz cup sugar, Vi teaspoon 1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese vanilla, and a pinch of salt. This

grated onion teaspoons 2 Worcestershire teaspoon sauce amount will cover a 9-inch pie. Add Vz

tablespoon minced parsley the baking powder to the roomdry teaspoon mustard temperature egg whites, beat until cups cottage cheeseIVz 1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese fluffy, then add the sugar slowly.

When all the sugar has been addedCombine the l/2 cup cottage cheese, 1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese, onion, and the meringue is high and stiff parsley, sauce,Worcestershire and but not dry, add the vanilla and verymustard; beat until smooth. Add

the \y2 cups cottage cheese and consalt. Pile on pie and bake.

tinue beating until fairly smooth. Fold

in the 1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese.

Use as a dip for crisp carrots, celery, and crackers. Home,

Far East Lamb Stew Sweet Home to 8 servings)(6

2 pounds boneless lamb for stew, cut in lVinch cubes Trust—an act of pure gold:

tablespoons 2 drippings or lard Father and Mother: trust your 1 teaspoon salt

2 tablespoons chopped onion sons and daughters chili 1 tablespoon powder 1 13 ounces) tomatoes after you have taught them can (1 pound 3 tablespoons flour right from wrong.

cup water x/z lemon juice Children: trust your Vs teaspoon

lA cup ripe or green olives, chopped parents so much that

Salt you follow their 3 cups cooked rice advice. inBrown the Pour the fat. lamb off Family Members: trust one another

chili salt,drippings. onion, powder, Add

and tomatoes. Cover tightly and cook so that there will be

slowly IV2 hours or until meat is ten- a spirit of security der. Thicken the stew with the flour

mixed with the l/2 CU P water. Just in the home.

before serving, add lemon juice, Parents and Children: trust your

olives, and salt to taste. Servechopped

MidCalf Length $15.00 Heavenly Father and keep hot rice.on

Ankle $17.00 Length

his commandments, Dilled New Potatoes and his love will be strong (6 servings) in your hearts.

2 pounds new potatoes Live with a feeling of trust

Water this built into is beauty than There more \ for all others, J that cup butter Dress Session Special Classic""Graceful y3 everywhere. is of L.D.S. praises women the winning salt thinking teaspoon the best of your Vi

for beautiful, but is look to designed only Not teaspoon sugar l/2 well. in as comfort, fit ultimate perfect the neighbor. andit

dried 1 teaspoon dill weed flattering pleats, shoulder lines, easy Slender

Let suspicion not enter draped back, sleeves that instantly adjust to all fits all belt that adjustable partially an lengths, and potatoes pareScrub arm and life. your features. its important waistlines are many among in Place centers. of gentlyaround pan

in seconds. dress zips on fastening front Deep boiling salted water. Cover and cook minute of the day Every white, Sparkling opaque pockets. slash Generous

until just tender. orabout 15 minutes,

heat, shaking pan should be spent 64% Polyester and 36% Nylon. P.S.M.L Drain; add butter and

is untilfrequently, earning butter melted and the right

Check MailPostpaid orU.S.A.M.O. lightly arepotatoes Sprinkle browned.

Order be Phone =SSDC487-3621in dill, 'A salt, sugar,on shaking pan to and so as to roll potatoes in the dill. trusted. FBP

2511 So. West Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84115

June 1967 121 Preserve the Inspiration of The Improvement Era In Beautifully Bound Volumes The Mountain West's finest bindery and printing house is prepared to bind your collected Improvement Era's into fine Buffs or Mail bring the cover volumes. hard and D-eseret to editions the wish bound you

News Press. Rebuffs

12 issues in hard cover $3.90. Advance

payment must accompany all orders

Please include postage if volumes are to be returned by mail.

Add $1.00 if Binding is to be billed.

Subject to Utah State tax where applicable.

POSTAGE RATE FROM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Petra

Zone 5 1.07

1 & 2 68 6 1.28 T spent last summer in Jordan, teach-

3 75 7 1.50 ing English at Ber Zeit College, and

4 88 8.1.73 the article on Petra (March) brought

back many fond memories of a delightful people and an awesome area.

Thelma Ireland McGill, Nevada A wonderful story with beautiful pictures on Petra. Also, please accept

1600 Empire Road forour congratulations on the new

Salt Lake City, Utah mat, the new departments, and the new features.

Mr. and Mrs. M. D. Shields

Cardston, Canada the perfect wedding gift The Bible

FULLCOLOR REPRODUCTION I am 26 years old and the mother of two children and thought I was adult, but I found the scenes of Adam and

Eve in the Garden of Eden in The

Bible the uncomfortable. most From salt lake temple of other squirms the pokes adults and

Reproduced by an amazing silk screen and embarrassed giggles of youth in process in faithful detail, with highalone.the theater,Tell me,I justjudgebecausethat theI wasn'tscenes

lights and textures to approximate an were depicting biblical figures as they original oil painting, 20"x 28"in really were, does that make the nudity scrolled gold frame. acceptable on the screen for all to

stare at? No wonder youth get so

POSTPAID mixed up.

Jo Maxwell Ann ANYWHERE Sandy, Utah IN THE WORLD 19money95order (Customs, where applicable, not included) "Me... and Those Golden Questions"

Illustrated in Color in March 1967 Issue of Improvement Era After reading "Me... and Those

Golden Questions"(March) by Ara B.

Satisfaction guaranteed or your money promptly refunded. Richards, I resolved to follow her

method of spreading the glad tidings

R. W, Marsh and Son (sole agents) of the gospel. If she can do it, so can

2465 South West Temple P.O. Box 1775 I, with only six children under 10

of age. However, after missing Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 years

an opportunity this morning I more

Please send me postpaid pictures of the Salt Lake Temple as advertised fully realize the planning and initiain the Improvement Era, at $19.95 each. Enclosed find (Residents of tive that we must take to make the

Utah add 3*4% Sales Tax.) plan completely operable. Lorna D. Hansen

Fairborn, Ohio

I certainly enjoyed "Me... and Those

Golden Questions."

Reed A. Benson

Alexandria, Virginia STATE

(PLEASE PRINT TO INSURE PROMPT DELIVERY)

122 Improvement Era RARE,OLD ENGRAVINGS OF EARLY

I feel a compulsion to write thanks for "Me... and Those Golden Questions."It has planted its truths into

my life—an answered prayer. Thank

you for imparting knowledge, wisdom, Authentically reproduced and encouragement at just the right time. The Era editions are truly good and attractively mounted

works and are helping me and other on antiqued, wooden adults grow in many ways. plaques. These charming

Gloria L. Downs

Windsor, Canada collector - decorator pieces complement the New Format decor of almost any room!

For the first time in 26 years I want each

I like for the the Era.to thank you PPd. the contents of table with numnew 0NLY$2AN ATTRACTIVE

first, OF 4...! 3.29PICTUREPPD. the ORGROUPING of thebers running and

articles continuously. appreWe also

ST. VIEW (1886) OF NAUVOO S. L. MAIN L6ciate the of Movies.""Best We

(1872) NAUVOO TEMPLE TABERNACLE live L2L1 L7 still are moviesin a small town where L3 BEEHIVE NAUVOO HOUSE L8 HOUSE the biggest entertainment, and we L4 CARTHAGE JAIL L9 SALT LAKE CITY (1869)(1884) have walked out of numerous objec- L 5 S. L. TEMPLE (1892) L 10 SALT LAKE CITY (1884)

tionable films.

Mrs. Judy Thompson Plaques available in: red, orange, SEND TO:

Gettysburg, South Dakota light and dark blue, yellow, green

HISTORIC REPRODUCTIONS P.O. BOX 184, PROVO, UTAH 84601Family Home Evening Sizes9 1/2 "xfrom111/2"8V2"x HV2"to

Your articles on home evening (January) were most informative and enjoyable, but I was surprised to find that none of your examples is similar to my experience. I felt I must write

and relate the means whereby I gained my testimony.

interested a I became in the Church Vikinglands Stateyear ago at Central Washington

College, where I also attended LDS institute classes. Bishop and Sister

college invited of us 30Orin E. Mann Scandinavia to their eachstudents Sunday home

evening so that we might have our "family home evening,"because most of us had been converted while away from home. They also provided the

refreshments. I will never be able to EfiOO/lfel

say how much I enjoyed the warm,.&!=>:

close friendship, lessons, and testimonies of those home evenings. Since JULY 25 DEPARTURE f-

then I have transferred to the University of Oregon.

I thank the Lord for this magazine PLEASE SEND INFORMATION and the Church othersthat mayit inviterepresents.studentsI prayand CONCERNING YOUR SCANservicemen or anyone away from home DINAVIAN TOUR..

into their homes to share home NAMEevening.

Dianne Rinehart Eugene, Oregon MURDOCH ADDRESS

MURDOCK TRAVEL INC. 14 SO. MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY

Man Who Will Not Bend TRAVEL Somehow the first part of "The Man

Who Will Not Bend"(February), Just Published written by my wife, begins on line 5, page 73, and continues on page 72. TALK WITH

This would be confusing to the reader,of course, and is unfortunate because How 88,648from the layout and special artwork it JIM BALDWINis apparent you have attempted to Heavy Smokers present the article in a very impresOn Participation Radio experisive fashion. own From my a.m. 8:00 a.m. 9:30 Smokingence, a thing Stopped such I understand how

- p.m. p.m. 3:00 4:30can happen. AntiTobacco Center YORK—The NEW PEOPLE PEOPLE TO of m B. Stanley Kimball has just America published a booklet which

Illinois Edwardsville, explains 88,648 heavy how smokers (of whom many are physicians) have stopped smokingSomehow the copy blocks were without straining their will power. This bookKWIC 1550

supercalifragilisticswitched and our

Salt Lake City, Utahexpialidocious proofreaders missed it. letyouisneedavailableto do,freeto ofobtainchargeit, tois smokers.to send yourAll

name and address to The AntiTobacco Center of America, Dept. A-101-I, 366 Fifth Avenue, New York 1, New York. This offer is

open while the supply of these booklets lasts.

June 1967 123 Where to eat and stay, and what

June Conference in Salt Lake City,

xUNSp*o IN SALT LAKE CITY Welcome to

DENNY'S 24HOUR one of SLC's TELEPHONE (801) 5213450 RESTAURANT finer places to stay.

COLOR TV HEATED SWIMMING POOL TEMPLE SQUARE

AIR CONDITIONING 100 LUXURIOUS ROOMS 2 BLOCKS FROM TEMPLE SQUARE 121 N. 2nd W. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

I great places to stay Modern *CoffeeTelevisionShops* AirondconditionedDining Rooms

Rstei. Single! $6.00 up * Doubles $8 00 up * Twin* $10.00 up

Teletype Rete'valiom accepted collect 801521-2405

IN PROVO MRoykzunTELEPHONE (801) 3730800

COLOR TV 51 LUXURIOUS ROOMS FREE DRIVE IN PACKING PHONE3552961

HEATED SWIMMING POOL Alio fr parking at any Grant Auto Park in town.

COFFEE SHOP AND DINING ROOM You are invited to invest as a 55 East 1230 North Adjacent to BYU Campus managing partner in a national chain of exquisite Motor Hotels Always Rewarding

Call or Write:

INNS OF AMERICA EXECUTIVE ROYAL

E. 3737835 Provo, Utah Salt 120 200 North Phone (801)

Lake City's PANCAKE HOUSE Finest &alt Lake's Pancake popular House treat, gift 1 ppp - J Open 6:00 a.m.-12.00 p.m.

and special Sun. thru Thurs.

occasion store. 6:00a.m.-l:00a.m.

Fri. and Sat. >p MM

... HOLIDAY INN

Specialty—Authentic Mexican

Food m Private Dining Room Available 3040 So. State Phone

mint sandwich 4679881 BIBLICAL AND HISTORICAL TheInternational

WAX MUSEUM House of Pancakes Restaurants 141 East 3rd South Salt Lake C ity, Utah/"X Candy Cream pleLocatedSquarehalf—block36 Richardssouth ofStreet,TemServing Salt Lakers since 1947 Salt Lake City, Utah. Open daily 3283538

8:30 a.m. to 10:30 p.m. including

750 East South Temple Foothill Village Sundays and holidays. Stirring

EIGHT Cottonwood Mall moments from biblical history

CONVENIENT Olympus Hills and stories from the Book of MorLOCATIONS 2150 South 700 East mon are realistically portrayed

TO SERVE 1674 East 1300 South in lifelike color and lifelike diYOU 1559 Stratford Avenue mension through the wonders 1000 South State Phone 3281261 3360 South 2300 East wax sculpture. Salt Lake City, Utah 84111124 Improvement Era

to see during MIA COMPLETE June 23, 24. 25, 1967 THE PICTURE

You'll always SATISFY that CRAVING for REAL HONESTto-GOODNESS ICE IN PERSON

CREAM whenever you "TREAT"yourself to

DISTINCTIVE

OtfKKjtove vceuteom

Famous for FANTASTIC Ice Cream Creations 36 Incomparable Flavors Remember, your visit to SALT LAKE CITY is not complete until you visit Snelgroves

AMERICA'S FINEST ICE CREAM STORES 850 East 21st South 222 East South Temple EXPO '67

OPEN 10 A.M. to MIDNIGHT CLOSED SUNDAYS Montreal, Canada World's Fair

VISIT HOGLE ZOO Air:Bus:LeavesLeavesJulyJuly19 15& 26& 22ReturnsReturnsJulyAug.28 &1 Aug.& 1510 Over 600 mammals, 1. Royal Inn—

birds and reptiles 121 North 2nd West on exhibit.

SUMMER 2. Fernwood's—Hill Cumorah

9:30 a.m. to 8 p.m. 1328 Foothill Drive

Small charge 4835 Highland Drive Pageant

FOR FAMILY FUN 754 East South Temple Bus: Leaves July 15 & 22 Returns Aug. 1 & 15

THE YEAR 'ROUND Ave. 1559 East Stratford Ave. Air: Leaves July 19 & 26 Returns July 28 & Aug. 10 2600 Sunnyside

(850 So.) 3937-B Wasatch Blvd.

Salt Lake City, Utah 1674 East 13th South Telephone 3. Wax Museum—3221631

36 Richards Street 4. Hotel Temple Square—

75 West South Temple 5. Village Inn—

2929 South State 6. Holiday Inn—

CHOICE DINNERSWEDDING PARTIES 3040 South State

PRIVATE PARTIES 7. House of Pancakes—

THE DOLL HOUSE 141 East 3rd South

Main, 1500 South on Salt Lake City, Ufa 8. Ramada Inn—HawaiiMonthly 4667551 Phone

1000 South State 9. Snelgrove's—

VILLAGE CAFE 850 East 21st South Europe "Home of the Villager"222 East South Temple Depart August

Homemade Pie 10. Hogle Zoo, 2600 Sunny310 N. Highway 91 North Salt Lake side Ave.

Phone 2956871 11. Doll House—MexicoOctober

1518 South Main Street Phone or write

X'X'X'XXX'X-xooyxx'Xyxxxx'Xyxxx.xxxoo<X'Xx.xxx 12. Village Cafe—X

x TOURS LUND N. Highway 91 MARGARET 310 X East 110 South 2nd X

Salt North Lake X Salt City, Lake Utah 84111 X HANSA k BUFFET 4852444 X. 13. Hansa House—3288981 Validated at parking

if Idaho Falls, Ida. 5222581 ParkingParking Terrace CenjjCenJ*UL X HOUSE **"WalkerFAMILY 19 East 2nd South if

* 19 East on 2nd South between State &. Mainf 10 J St. George, Utah 6733136

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX'XXXXX-X'X-X'XXX'

June 1967 Few men have lived busier lives or shown more concern for their family than John Adams, the second U.S. President.

These Times

The Adams Family By Dr. G. Homer Durham

President, Arizona State University

The 19th of October is not celeof social change and mobility. Dissertation on Canon and Feudal

brated in the United States of There is inspiration, and there Law, first published in 1766.

America. But it well might be. On are answers for both questions in He carried on the "politicking"

that day in 1735 was born to John the lives of John and Abigail Adams, and the floor fight among nervous

Adams and Susanna Boylston, in lives that should not be forgotten. Tories and neutralists in the ContiBraintree, Massachusetts, a son, Let us look at a few items that nental Congress, advocating indeJohn, who as a man was as reshould impel both parents and pendence as the only honorable

sponsible as any other for the children to examine the nearest course, for more than a year before establishment of the United States encyclopedias, available biograJuly 4, 1776. He was one of four

of America as an independent phies, and various works produced committee members who brought nation. by the father, John Adams; the in the Declaration in June and

This sometimes forgotten fact mother, Abigail Smith Adams; the stubbornly pushed it through a remay also be correlated with the son, John Quincy Adams (1767luctant Congress a month later.

example of the remarkable fam1848); the grandson, Charles True, the Declaration was cast in

ily produced by that young son Francis Adams (18071886); the Thomas Jefferson's words, a newwho became the second President greatgrandsons, Charles Francis comer to Congress. But it was

of the United States, John Adams 2d (18351915), Brooks (18481927), Adams whose "contumacious ob- (17351826), and his gifted wife, Henry (18381917), and others. The stinacy"brought things to a head

Abigail Smith Adams (17441818). forebears of John and Abigail Smith and saw them through.

How is a new nation born, nurAdams will also bear study. GeneIn May 1775, between Lexington

tured in an unfriendly world of alogy, as the logos of the gens, the (April) and Bunker Hill (June), it older nations, and established in study or science of the family, will was Adams who got Congress to strength? also come alive. (For a beginning, I adopt the New England Minute

This is a vital question for half recommend the two volumes, comMen as a national army; and it was

a hundred new nations in Africa prising 1170 pages, by Professor Adams who engineered George and Asia today. Page Smith of UCLA, entitled Washington into the leadership of

How do a father and a mother John Adams and published by that army. And with the appointnurture their children and produce Doubleday in 1962.) ment of Washington came the sup-

a family line that renders outstandJohn Adams helped bring forward port of the South.

ing public service over several the legal and moral arguments Through November 1777, John generations? sustaining American independence Adams was chairman of the board

This second question is a query ten years before the Declaration of war and ordnance of the Confor all people in all times. It is of Independence. They are sumgress. Then he was appointed

especially significant in these times marized, in scholarly form, in his as assistant to Benjamin Franklin

126 Improvement Era and Arthur Lee, U.S. commissioners with Nabby, Tommy, and Charles; Pero

to France. He served in France and John Quincy in St. Petersburg,

and also as minister to Holland until the family correspondence was 1779, helping secure the essential extensive, educational, and inspiraFrench aid, Dutch treaty, and fitional.

nance on which American indeEducation and morals were daily pendence was utterly dependent. pursuits at home, abroad, before

Back home, he drafted the Harvard, during Harvard, after

Massachusetts Constitution of 1780; Harvard, and throughout life.

then he returned to France to join Professor Smith says both John and m&m'NONCAFFEINE

Franklin eventually children and wrote their "by John Jay Abigail DRINK HOT and A delicious nourishing way to start the day in negotiating Laurens every conveyance; to exhortand Henry John for the whole family. Adults and like children

delicious the of the grains. wholesome intellectual 1783 world's recognition attainment, them toby by the to fix Simple just boiling add water and

serve! Economical, flavor—too! for Look fait at yourgreatest of England, power, keep their to warn them to AmerAbigail vorite market.

ican independence. In the United virtue unspotted."He also notes Distributed by

States'first election he was elected the role as balance wheel that vice president under Washington Abigail played in her husband's and then succeeded Washington as life (and undoubtedly that of her the second President. children):

The security and strengthening "Abigail insured his sanity... 2520 South 7th West

of American independence; the beshe gave him, with her love, a DealersSalt LakeInquiriesCity,WelcomeUtah

lief in the necessity of enlightened gyroscope that brought him through religion, education, and moral the stormiest seas. If she grew

verities; the virtue of industry; the through him to be more touchy, ATTENTION

importance of Harvard and institumore vulnerable to the barbs of SCANDINAVIANS tions of learning and culture; the the world, the outrageous actions Do you have a family Coat of Arms, Seal,

value of law, literature, history, of men, and the accidents of foror Insignia?

public service; the strengthening tune, she made him less so. A wife We can reproduce or research.

of family ties—these are among the cannot be utterly the converse of Our files contain all Norwegian and Danish

main threads in the tapestry woven her husband... nor the mirror familyInsigniagenealogies.on record plus many accompanying

by John and Abigail Adams. image.... At the happiest, she is

The extraordinary career of their able, as Abigail was, to enter with Write for FREE information.

son, John Quincy—secretary to so much sympathy and understandVIKING HERALDICS

Francis Dana, American minister ing into her husband's world that Box 497 Rexburg, Idaho 83440 at St. Petersburg, Russia, at the she makes him more holy, more

age of fifteen; author of the Monwholesome, more healthy."

roe Doctrine and the Transconti- A generation ago, an edition of nental Treaty; sixth President of the Americana said of the Adams Free Demonstrations

the United States; a U.S. Congressfamily, "In the varied abilities and Liquid Embroidery

man thereafter in the House of conspicuous public importance of by TriChem

Representatives until his death in its members, this family confessedly Free Instructions Gdod HouMkHping 4MHMTKS 1848—and the accomplishments of outranks every other in the United Not sold in stores V

his sons and grandsons continued States."New E-Z Flow nylon tip

the tradition. There are other values in life Phone or write

The family was often separated, than "varied abilities"and "conSalt Lake 3554283 143 South 4th East

Ogden 3945188 Salt Lake City, Utah but only in time and distance. John spicuous public importance."But Provo 3735031 84111

and Abigail themselves, according the Adams family, with its men of to Page Smith, produced the "greataffairs, letters, and practical ability, est epistolary exchange in the its genial, intelligent, and affectionhistory of husband and wife."Their ate motherwife Abigail, should not

grandson, Charles Francis Adams, be forgotten. As contemporary The Improvement Era

edited, compiled, and published readers ponder their own lives, their uses your their letters in 184041. Though own families, and genealogies, the Zip Code

Father John may have been in Adams family will bear study and and hopes you useParis, Mqther Abigail at Braintree acquaintance. O

yours, too!

June 1967 127 End of an Era

The reporter came idly into Mrs. Jones had spent some Adam and Eve had many

office. "Well,"said the editor, time exploring the dusky advantages, but the principal one

"what did the eminent statesrecesses of a famous was that they escaped teething.

antique shop in an eastern—Mark Twain, American humoristman have to say?""Nothing."city. "What is that quaint

"Well, keep it down to old figure in the corner The only difference between a rut a column."worth?"she asked at last. and a grave is their dimensions.

"About $50,000,"whispered—Ellen Glasgow, American novelist

My son, despise not the chastenthe horrified salesman.

ing of the Lord; neither be "That's the proprietor."It is not flesh and blood but

weary of his correction: For the heart which makes us fathers

whom the Lord loveth he I have found nothing in the Actand I,sons.—Schiller,sc. 1 Die Rauber,

correcteth:.—Prov. 3:1112 battle of life that has been

of more value to me, than to Every man should have one suit

He that honoureth his father perform the duty of today, to the that makes him look like the—Ecclesiasticusshall have a long3:6.life. thatbest ofwheremy ability;young andmenI doknowthis, chairman of the—Gloriaboard. Swanson

they will be better prepared A diet is the penalty you pay for the labors of tomorrow. To eat is human; to digest, divine.

for exceeding the feed limit.—President Heber J. Grant—Mark Twain

"End of an Era"will pay $3 for humorous anecdotes and experiences relating to Latterday Saint way of life. Maximum length 150 words.

Genealogy By Virginia Maughan Kammeyer

Upon thy chair thou perchest Or was she, hap, the lady

And thumbest diligently. They hanged for a witch?

With eager eyes thou searchest

To find thy family tree. And Greatgreat-uncle Dooley,

Who helped the king to rule:

Oh, art thou hoping, sweetest, Was he a statesman, truly,

Perchance to find a pearl? Or just the royal fool?

Dost thou the shrubbery beatest

To flush a belted earl? Oh, what of thy ancestry,

The high or lowly seat?

Was Greatgreat-greataunt Sadie The humblest or the best tree,

The beldame who was rich? I still will love thee, sweet.

Next month: Day of Rest

128 Improvement Era We Lived After the Maeoeir

This phrase recorded in ancient times of Happioess o o o

finds an echo in the heart of every young man and woman dreaming through

the courtship and marriage phase of their lives. To find the one among the

many with whom one's relationship is a wholesome, glowing, growing thing

is a marvelous blessing. To build such a friendship into courtship and then

into celestial marriage requires an understanding and careful application of

gospel principles. It is to live after the manner of true happiness. It is the

only course acceptable to a Latterday Saint.

SPt 17-

,M'..:. inmm -

V

*, svif-

m 4MC

Dan Davis and Karen Anderson

.

A thing so dear demands a

gentle touch

And oh, be very proud that

rd has gwen*yotrso niuci

...'#

Linda Hadley and David Hawkes l-i ''

Pictures taken under direction of Robert

E. Thompson, Idaho State University Stake

president. Photographer: Lloyd Furniss.

1!fit v:0M'f"'1"#: V,**5ww.: '-;

Love comes quietly...

but vou know when it i& there

because, suddenly

you are not alone any mre Goinfi go him! Happy letter.

and there is no sadness

>- Tell him—

inside you.

Tell hvm the page I didn't write.

(Joan Wal$h Anglund) (Emily Dickinson)

Jacobsen Yet our moment was

When life and love were pure and clear as glass,

Touched by a faint reflection of God's being-'

For all men's seeing.

(D. MeFar/ane)

Jerry Brewer and Annette LaMothe

She rose to his requirement, dropped

The playthings of her tife I know that, whatsoever God doeth, it

Zo take the honorable work shall be for ever....

(EcCles. 3:14j

By Marion D. Hanks THE SIX

There are many choice statements as to the value and importance of learning to associate with others while we are young. For instance, there

is a quotation from President David 0.

McKay in the book Gospel Ideals, I am aware that under the heading, "The Importance of

Church leaders have Skills, Activities, Associations":

"The achievement of a happysuggested that we do marriage begins in childhood and youth.

not begin dating The opportunity of marriage begins Only those whose standards are members before age 16, which in the early days in school. The young high, like your own—strong

girl who learns to play the violin is of the Church where possible.

makes sense to me. Is more likely to find a good mate than Several different persons, so that

one who sits at home, refusing to go the purposes of courtship may be there an age when we out in society. realized, neither going steady nor

should start dating? "The boy who participates in athletics "playing the field,"but getting to

I am 18 and have dated is more likely to find a mate than know a number of good people, one who sits by the radio. In other broadening your associations and

very little. Are there words, associations are conducive your objectives and your understanding.

some "rules of thumb"to happy marriages because one becomes acquainted, one with another.

that can be used as One has more opportunities for guides in dating choice.

"In this connection, think for a experiences? moment what the Church offers to

its members, particularly to the young boys and girls."

As to socalled rules of thumb, one helpful possibility is to refer to Kipling's "six honest serving men"who taught him "all he knew."Their

names are "What and Why and When, and How and Where and Who."Not too young, not too often, not on

school nights as a rule, not too expensively. When you

really want to (at the proper age, and conditioned by whenyou-can and whenyou- should considerations)

During the right hours;

under the right circumstances.

Improvement Era

Clean places, decent places, proper places where you can be proud to be. Only clean

movies or plays. No "adventuring"or

"slumming"in dives or questionable surroundings. No place that parents or the Lord

would not approve or where you and he/she would be ashamed to be found. No place Fun things, wholesome things, good and useful

where the Spirit of the Lord will not likely things. Churchgoing dates, work parties,

be present. service projects. Cultural and educational

activities, closeto-thebeauties-ofnatu re experiences, hospital and shutin visits, things pleasing to you, to parents, to God.

Associating with others under With others, in groups, chaperoned when proper, wholesome circumstances helps appropriately dressed, cheerfully, courteously, develop friendships and permits you modestly, wisely, prayerfully.

to learn about qualities and And let parents know where you are, with characteristics in others, to get to whom, doing what, and when you will return.

know them, to have fun together, to Have a happy time! M.D.H.

widen areas of choice, to achieve a wider and wiser vision of what one may seek in an eternal companion, and to ultimately find someone who shares common convictions and character traits and whom you can marry in the right way in the right place by the right authority.

June 1967 135 40 // <st

*<*Ctfrf

Hi y

"awynnw*.

Proeni:

Hours fly, flowers die.

New days, new ways Pass by. Love stays.

*kj:-..;...!:? TfcV * &L-"* w* t f V Jr 1 S r3T -w. 1 *.V t.

iV**/ HIT 7"\ -* jf

t / \ r V\ v

a*

tv-v

J.

By Elaine Cannonaed Dfoalizattioo

And love does stay, if it is made welcome; if it is based on selfishness or lust.

given generously and wisely; if each phase of life There is a time to feel each kind of love and a

sees it grow and develop so that there is happiness time and a way that are right for the expression of and the making of memories that bring joy. From it. There are qualities to cultivate to prepare oneself

child love for mother to fullness of married love, from for the highest kind of feeling in any relationship. The

friendto-friend devotion to warm brothersin-thescriptures give clear direction for a growing capacity gospel relationships, love is the motivating force in in these qualities:

the meaningful, happy life. Pure love is—

When Henry van Dyke wrote the above inscription patient and longsuffering and kind;

for a sundial, he spoke a truth people discover as it is not envious, does not boast, is not proud;

they mature in living and learning to love. The promit acts responsibly, unselfishly,

ise of love at any stage is sweet. The realization of is not easily provoked, thinks virtuously,

it comes only as its price is paid. It will not come has no joy in evil but rejoices in the truth;

it is courageous, faithful, full of hope, steadfast.

(See 1 Corinthians 13.)

The "charity"of which Paul spoke is "the pure x love of Christ, and it endureth forever; and whoso is

\*S "y|J found possessed of it at the last day, it shall be well \w v*i N with him.

"Wherefore,... pray unto the father with all the

energy of heart, that ye may be filled with love...."

(Moroni 7:4748.)

Am Help Meet By Owen S. Jacobs

(formerly president of the Bavarian Mission)

.. What a captivating statefJJ "In the beginning.

/ ment! Everything has a beginning—at least, we

and those around us and all earthly institutions have an earthly beginning. So it was with marriage in

this world. Among the first statements God made

to Adam, in the beginning, was "It is not good for man to be alone."

Knowing better than any other being the full meaning of this truth, God created "an help meet for Adam."People often think this word should have been help mate, and it is often read as such. Is there

a distinction between the two terms? I believe that

the Lord's meaning is better expressed in the term help meet.

Mate means one of a pair, husband or wife, habitual associate, fellow worker. Mate also means

counterpart, a copy or duplicate, a person or thing closely resembling another.

The term help meet, as it is used in the scriptures, is defined by the dictionary as "to come to be or act in conformity to; to come together so as to touch

each other; to form a union."

There are many pairs, husbands and wives, habitual associates, fellow workers, that do not approach the perfection of the union the Lord intended, n creating Eve as a help meet for Adam, God formed the perfect family, designed to last forever in a perfect union. Never again need Adam be alone.

Even in Eden's absence, they were and always would be an eternal part of each other.

Truly Eve was given to Adam as his help meet in the founding of the first eternal family, the first eternal union in this world.

What kind of a family unit are you planning? Will

you choose a help meet—one with whom you can

form an eternal union?

If we are ever to know the joy of our redemption, the joy of true eternal fulfillment, we must in the beginning start our eternal family unit with "an help meet."

WhatDo Yom Know About DMinmoocb?

Told by J. Marvin Higbee

The diamond is most appropriate for the gems. It is made of pure crystallized carbon.

betrothal ring, because it is thought to soften Hard as it is, it is fairly brittle and rather easily anger and to strengthen love and harmony. The split. Contrary to popular belief, a diamond

word diamond originally came from the Greek can be broken if pounded with a hard instrument, so adamas, meaning unconquerable. It was believed a diamond must be treated with care.

to protect the wearer from evil and was thought The diamond is the sparkling cousin to a lump to endow him with superior strength, fortitude, of coal. It is difficult to believe, looking at the two,

and courage. that they could be even remotely related.

The sentiment associated with the diamond is There is something like a diamond innocence. A diamond is among the purest of all in a lovely girl.

j%

fj I $ mjf gr r fi

.*f

/,"..4T >7 JJi**?M5.

r

in theTabernacleAn Astronaut Speaks

adventures I think mankind has attempted, but also the opportunity of being born at a time when the Gospel is here upon the earth, in going to the particular home to which I was assigned.

I would not be here today if it were not for my parents.

The words that were spoken about the responsibility of fathers and parents in general this evening touched my heart in my responsibility to my family, but I also marvel at the wonderful job that my father and my mother did for me. I, with Nephi, can say that I

have come of goodly parents. I would

never have made the astronaut program, nor would I be a priesthood bearer in the Church, if it had not been for my father and my mother, and I thank them for it.

I am grateful for this gospel. I have

been in situations when religion was not necessarily the most popular topic of conversation. I have been in situations involving my schooling when

people expressed openly the idea that religion was fairytale, was legend, was myth, was only for those who were not sufficiently well educated to get along without it; and obviously I did not

agree.

I have been in situations where the principles that we hold have not been lived, if even believed, and I have been grateful for the strength that I received in my home, and grateful for the strength that a testimony of the gosDr. Don Lind, LDS astronaut, misbecause I think I exceeded a number of pel gave me in those situations. The

to gospel than more means me my is limits. If lying Apollo couch an on pilot, jet scientist, sionary, was

life, to that anything than more me little sitting as as in that disturbing and extemporacalled on spoke

I I describing. of capable be would chair, to postpone green have we may at the priesthood neously meeting express to don't the in words know how a launch.

at general conference, April 1967. Brethren, it is a pleasure to be with feeling of what my testimony of the

These are his remarks. you. I enjoyed greatly the first half gospel means to me.

of this meeting, as well as the afterBrethren, it is an honor to be with noon session. I was grateful for the you as a member of this priesthood. I

Brethren, it is an honor to be with opportunity to come and be with you have marveled at the strength it can you this evening. for conference. It has been inspiring. give one in various situations. I have

It is amazing what irrelevant ideas When I was in grade school, a num- a testimony that God lives, and that, come to your mind as you are walking ber of movies were made about great strangely enough, is a fact I am afraid up that flight of stairs. The thing I was squarerigged whaling vessels. I always most of the world do not share with us.

thinking about was the fact that a felt at that age in my life that I had There are a great many who wonder great amount of our training is inbeen born at the wrong time, that I whether God really lives at all.

volved in such things as riding should have been born back in the days I wasn't in the Sacred Grove with centrifuges, when you have a great of the whaling vessels; but since I have Joseph Smith, but I have just as strong

variety of sensors attached rather paingrown a bit older, and hopefully a a conviction of the fact that he saw God fully to your body to give the doctor little wiser, I have decided that this is and talked with him face to face as I a monitor of your pulse rate, heart the time in the world's history that I have the conviction of something I got beat, and general physical condition. am most grateful for being alive, not my doctoral dissertation on, the exisAs I was climbing the stairs I was only for having the opportunity of partence of pimesons. I haven't seen pigrateful that I wasn't being monitored, ticipating in one of the most exciting mesons either, but I accept their

140 Improvement Era existence on secondary evidence. And forge the Book of Mormon, if for no Brethren, let me repeat once more, it

on secondary evidence I believe that other reason. I do not think it could is a pleasure to be with you, because I

Joseph Smith saw God in the Sacred be done by a man with Joseph Smith's couldn't be with you if I did not hold

Grove; and that is a great strength in education. So I believe the Book of the priesthood, which I hold dear.

my life. Mormon is an evidence that Joseph Brethren, I bear you my testimony that

I believe that Joseph Smith was a Smith has to be a prophet of our Lord. the gospel is true; I am grateful

prophet, that he received revelations. I am grateful too that we have a to be a member of this Church, and I

Scientifically I believe it because I prophet living today to guide and dido this in the name of Jesus Christ.

think it would be just too difficult to rect the Church. Amen. o

Getting to Keow Yoe

For eight young men serving in the Central

British Mission, missionary activity means not only daily proselyting in their assigned district in

Wolverhampton, but also performing regularly throughout the mission area as a popular double quartet.

The "New MissionAires,"as they are called, were organized in the summer of 1966 at the request of their new mission president, George I.

Cannon, a former YMMIA general board member.

Their nonChurch performances have ranged from youth clubs, charity balls, women's leagues, welfare organizations, and hospitals to church and school groups.

One of the major responsibilities of the group is assisting with the Church's "Telerama"program that is currently being shown throughout the mission. Posters depicting scenes from

Church history are shown, along with the film

Man's Search for Happiness, which was produced for the New York World's Fair.

Spokane Dancers—A group of teenagers

from Spokane (Washington) Stake who have learned well their Greek dance number for the upcoming June MIA Dance Festival recently were chosen to appear on a "March of Dimes

Telerama."However, the group declined when

it was learned they would have to perform on a Sunday, because "it was not in keeping with our beliefs concerning the Sabbath."Dick and

Donna Kofford are dance directors.

June 1967 141 "-jh*',- 1 ';-'1

Glen Yarborough entertains.

As at many schools, tradition ranks high at

Brigham Young University, where activities longto- beremembered continue from halfforgotten beginnings.

"Y-Day"at BYU began in 1892, when a general cleanup day was proclaimed to put the campus in order. The community joined in, and since that

time the students and Provo citizens have annually set aside one spring day when school and town cooperate in service projects and in cleaning up the community.

In 1906 a group of students painted the first "Y"on the mountain, and the refurbishing of the cherished letter has since become an important part of the annual celebration.

But the story of Y-Day is much bigger and more significant than games and fun and whitewashing of the letter on the hill. Useful, thoughtful, construc- "Please pass the paint!"USU's "Balladiers"perform.

tive projects are undertaken in a highly organized way by each of the 67 student wards in the eight BYU stakes. Widows'homes are painted, yards manicured, city parks cleaned, gardens planted, vacant

lots cleared, woodpiles replenished, the city scrubbed sparkling clean. Businesses provide materials and

manpower, families join in, and the entire community comes alive. The only student marches are into

project action or to the refreshment tables later, and the only student protests are directed with good nature to the early hour of the group breakfasts before the action begins, or to aching muscles after it is over.

In the afternoon there are games, including such favorites as the grand prix bike races, the handicap races for bishops, water sports on the lake, kayak and tubing races down the river, logrolling, square dancing, and others. There is food aplenty, of

course, and the traditional lighting of the "Y."But

the real meaning of the day is in the spirit of involvement, of doing and belonging and serving—

spirit that has and will spread into many communities and schools and homes and will be cherished always in many hearts.

142 Beauty out of the woods.

Bucket brigade passes whitewash up Mt. Timpanogos. Hotcakes for hungry crew.

June 1967 143 Youth should begin today to so order their lives that they will be found worthy at the proper time to go to the House of the Lord and be uplifted and sanctified by the temple ceremony which, as has been said, "contributes to covenants of morality, the consecration of yourselves to high ideals, devotion to truth, patriotism to nation, and allegiance to God."(James E. Talmage, The

House of the Lord, pp. 99100.)

When you enter a holy temple, you are by that course gaining fellowship with the Saints in God's eternal kingdom, where time is no more. In the temples

of your God you are endowed not with a rich legacy of worldly treasure, but with a wealth of eternal riches that are above price.

The temple ceremonies are designed by a wise Heavenly Father who has revealed them to us in these last days as a guide and a protection throughout our lives, that you and I might not fail to merit exaltation in the celestial kingdom where God and Christ dwell.

May you strive diligently and be guided to prepare yourselves to gain these priceless riches in the House of the Lord. O

I

By Elder Harold B. Lee

Of the Council of the Twelve

Messages from General Authorities

144 Improvement Era Lennox is nature's freshness indoors

*mta 'WSfj fr,<<jBP* (j((Nr, &>2$&r

* * ''i 'wjj')j

***.If

This is a total comfort machine, by Lennox. A constant source of fresh, living

air, warmed or cooled to fit the season. It moistens the air in winter, dehumidifies it in summer. Cleans the air electronically. Delivers sparkling

freshness to every room—the ducted, Lennox way. <#-#"#<

See the Yellow Pages for your nearest Lennox dealer.

Or, write for the brochure, "Total Comfort."Lennox

Industries Inc., 2200 S. Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah.

Shown at left: A) "Living Air"Duct. LENNOX B) Electronic Air Cleaner. C) Power

AIR CONDITIONING HEATING Humidifier. D) ForcedWarm Air Furnace. E) Indoor Cooling Unit. F) Outdoor Cooling Unit.

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

Q- How can a farmer grow enough green stuff to keep him in clover during retirement?

A. By planting his money in a Beneficial

Lllw Jlwlllwl lvlll piCllT Insurance is an investment that needs very little attention, but farmers or any selfemployed person can be certain of a great crop in the future. Moreover, as a selfemployed person you can take a tax deduction of 100% of your contributions to a qualified retirement plan. Call in your Beneficial Life agent...

explainlet him you can profit from the how Keogh new J Jjl "FTj RTP.1Vm-** 3-*3-IHjTPTCIY\Bill that affects let persons all selfemployed... him \Zc?9

show you how to spend your retirement in clover. O/fMiltyZMCtf /wffiA v30fflftiBM># r &

Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah