Epistle of Kallikrates J. M. WITHEROW. Translator

Science and Religion DR. JOSEPH F. MERRILL

Parents Can Educate Themselves PROF. B. L. RICHARDS

THE RELIGION OF LIFE MERLO J. PUSEY

WHO THEY ARE KENNETH BENNION THE MAN OF NAZARETH HON. MILTON H. WELLING

STORY—WITHOUT A CHANCE

CARTER E. GRANT

SOUTHERN PACIFIC LINES OFFER SPECIAL SUMMER EXCURSION FARES FROM SALT LAKE CITY OR OGDEN TO LOS ANGELES AND RETURN BOTH WAYS VIA

SAN FRANCISCO $40.00

TO LOS ANGELES VIA SAN FRANCISCO RETURNING

DIRECT OR ROUTE REVERSED $47.50

Proportionately low fares from all other points in UTAH, IDAHO and MONTANA

STOPOVERS ALLOWED AT ALL POINTS

TICKETS ON SALE DAILY MAY 15TH TO SEPT. JOTH

FINAL RETURN LIMIT OCT. 31ST

For further information CALL, WRITE or PHONE

PRESS BANCROFT, GENERAL AGENT 41 SO. MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY

PHONE WASATCH 3008—3078

Diamonds, Watches, Jewelry, Silverware

BOYD PARK Years JEWELERS j/ BOYD PARK BLDG. 166 MAIN STREET

Salt Lake City, Utah Fine watch and jewelry repairing—service by mail

Famous for Wedding Rings

GROWN LARGE

By DOING SMALL JOBS WELL

"Distinctive Printing In All Its Branches'

The Deseret News Press 29 Richards Street Salt Lake City

when writing to advertisers please mention the improvement era

Does Your Subscription End with Volume 31?

having had the advantage of the Improvement Era in your homeAFTERduring the past year, has it not become, to a noticeable extent, a fixed necessity? That is the testimony of thousands of Latterday Saints who

have been constant readers of the Era from the very first volume.

Is there really anything which you would prefer to have your children read, or to read yourself, than the wholesome, interesting, instructive and inspiring messages of truth this magazine contains?

If your subscription commenced with the first number of volume 31 (November, 1927), it expires with the October number of this year. Be sure

you don't miss a single copy. If you haven't already done so, send in your

renewal at once, stating the month with which you wish it to commence. Use

the blank at the bottom of this page.

What Volume 32 Promises The material to be contained in the sionary—a most important individual

next volume of the Era will be even -—in readjusting himself to local conbetter, if possible, than what the presditions and requirements,

ent volume, thus far, has brought into 3. A storywriting contest, in

your home. Following are some of which a Churchwide interest should

the outstanding, interesting features be manifested, planned for the coming year: 4. The Adult division of our Mu-

1. Instructive doctrinal articles tual Work department will contain,

from Church leaders will appear, from each month, a comprehensive review, time to time; also articles on science, by an eminent Latterday Saint writer,

travel, inventions, nature study, etc., of some recent outstanding book.

by men in and out of the Church 5. The Messages From the Miscompetent to treat these subjects. sions, under our new plan, will be

2. "As the Returned Missionary faithpromoting and of vital importViews It"will be the title of a series ance to old and young alike.

of articles that will help, it is hoped. And all the other material—articles,

to bring about a better understanding stories, departmental information of the problems of the returned miswill have a like appeal and interest.

Fill Out This Blank and Mail TODAY!

General Superintendency Y. M. M. I. A.,

47 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Kindly renew my subscription to the Improvement Era. My $2 is enclosed

herewith.

Ward Stake

Commence with the number.

ALL SUBSCRIPTIONS ARE PAID IN ADVANCE

Captains of Industry The NEW MANUAL of the courses of study for the Adult Department of the MutualONEthe coming season, is> this new manual, "Captains of Industry,"a sequel to "Heroes of Science"(192627), and "Champions of Liberty"(192728).

This new manual presents, in a most interesting, entertaining and instructive manner, the life history of men who, by their industry, frugality, and perseverance, have achieved worldwide eminence in various lines of the world's work. You will find their biographies an inspiration to press on and on to

ever greater accomplishments. You will like this manual, as you did the other

two of the series; and whether or not it is selected as the course of study in

your particular ward, be sure to get a copy for your home library, and give the members of your family the advantage of becoming familiar witrPthese outstanding characters. The price of this manual is 25c.

Manuals of Former Years We still have on hand a limited send you a list of these formeryear number of some of the manuals of manuals which are still available, former years, which we should Just to give you an idea of what like to place in the homes of these manuals are, we are listing a few the Saints, where they can do real, of the titles in the following order constructive good. While they last, blank, which we ask you kindly to

fill out and mail with your remittancethese will be sold at 10c each—far

less than the actual cost of publication. for manuals. Be sure to ask for the

There is no better literature published list.

anywhere for the Latterday Saint We also have a few copies of Dr.

home than what is contained in these John A. Widtsoe's book, "JOSEPH

manuals; and, at 10c each, you should SMITH As SCIENTIST,"at 50c; and a

strive to obtain a copy of all of them few bound volumes of the Improvelot your home reading table. If you merit Era, at $1.50 each—the mere

will just ask for it, we will gladly cost of binding.

Use This Blank For Ordering Manuals

General Superintendency Y. M. M. I. A.,

47 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Enclosed herewith is $, for which kindly send me copies of the new manual, "CAPTAINS OF INDUSTRY,"at 25c each; also

copies each of the following manuals I have checked, at 10c:

"Heroes of Science,""Champions of Liberty,""How Science Contributes to

Religion."

Name.

Address.

Shall we send you a complete list of formeryear manuals and books now available for purchase? Answer Yes or No

HUMOROUS HINTS Jack: "So your father demurred at first

because he didn't want to lose you?"

Ethel: "Yes, but I won his consent. 1

told him that he need not lose me. We could

live with him. and so he would not only

have me. but a sonin-law to boot."

Jack: "H'm! 1 don't like that expression,

'to boot.'"Monitor.

Ingenius Abie. Servant: "The doctor's

here, sir."

Absent Minded Man: "I can't see him.

Tell him I'm sick."Lafayette Lyre. We Specialize in making up

Stage Curtains and The tired business man came home after Draperies family gathat the office.a long day The

ered for dinner. business The tired man Modern and up to the Minute.

bowed his head to ask the blessing and all Our work shop is equipped with the very was quiet. "This is Mr. Jones speaking."he began. latest appliances.

Monifor.

Call at Z. C. M. I.

Drapery Department Let Our Decorator Give You an Estimate "What's your name?"The Squire: sir."FREE OF CHARGE Applicant: "P-P-P-Perkins. Nervous

Perkins The! Squire:''Humorist"Ah! (London.Then )I'll call you

TO BE UNIVERSITY TRAINED

Is To Be Prepared For Your Destiny| |

The thoughtful Young Man and Young Woman will begin that training early and will allow nothing to break into it, for even a casual observation of the society of the World will be sufficient to impress them with its importance.

The Brigham Y'oung University, the parent L. D. S. Church School

and one of the largest private institutions in the West, offers University training in 34 departments of the following Five Colleges:

COLLEGE OF APPLIED COLLEGE OF COMMERCE AND

SCIENCE BUSINESS ADMINISTRACOLLEGE OF ARTS AND TION

SCIENCES COLLEGE OF EDUCATION COLLEGE OF FINE ARTS THE AUTUMN QUARTER OPENS SEPTEMBER 17

Brigham Young University PROVO, UTAH "Training for Leadership"

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Various

Models

Priced At Upward

WITHIN

5 WEEKS ORDERS WERE PLACED FOR 400,000 RADIO SETS See It--Hear ItYou'll Know The Reason

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

SEPTEMBER, 1928 Pres. Heber J. Grant Hugh J. Cannon

Editor Associate Editor Melvin J. Ballard, Business Manager

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Young Men's

Mutual Improvement Associations and the Schools of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

TlMPANOGOS AS SEEN FROM ASPEN GROVE - - - Frontispiece

The Assurance of Faith. A Poem - - - j. b. Haiverson 897

The Epistle of Kallikrates - - - - J. M. Witherow 899

TO A FRIEND. A POEM - Mary M. Porter 909

The Realms of Science and Religion - Dr. Joseph F. Merrill 910

MYSTERIES. A POEM Olive Belnap Jensen 916 ----- are Comrades - A Grandfather of Today 9 1When Fathers and Sons

BOY. A POEM Linnie Fisher Robinson 9 1 ------Life - - Merlo J. Pusey 920The Religion of

How Parents Can Educate Themselves - - L. B. Richards 926

HOME Retsloff 936 --DC.- Peter Gottfredson 936When You Are Eighty, a Poem - -

WHO THEY ARE Kenneth Bennion 937...--. Theodore E. Curtis 942MOONRISE. A POEM -----Native Plants as Friends and Foes - J.H.Paul 94 3

The ManEating Shark. Illustrated - - P. V. Cardon 951

THE AFTERGLOW. A POEM - - Joseph Longking Townsend 95 3

Without a Chance. A Story - Carter E. Grant 954

Enduring Landmarks, a Poem - - - - R. Reid Cox 95 8

A Fruitful Bough 95 9 Messages from the Missions. Illustrated 960

Editor's Table—The Slave Trade Renewed - - - - 967

Measure of Men. A Poem - - - frw'n L. Warnock 968

Priesthood Quorums - - - - - - - - 969

Mutual Work 971 Passing Events 982

Entered at the Post Office. Salt Lake City. Utah, at secondclass matter. Acceptance

for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. Act of October, 1917.

authorized on July Z. 1918.

Manuscripts submitted without the statement, "At usual rates."are considered free contributions. Photographs, unless their return is especially requested, will be destroyed.

Published monthly at Salt Lake City: $2 per annum. Address: Room 406 Church

Office Building.

ANNOUNCEMENTS

"The Epistle of Kalhkrates,"promised poems and other works, having appeared in to our readers, appears in this issue of the large Eastern publications. When asked

Era, due to the courtesy of the Atlantic how she came to send manuscripts to the

Monthly. We foresee that this article will Era, for which she has received no compenprovoke considerable discussion, as to its sation, she replied: "I am not interested in

credibility; but whatever the opinion of the the money I receive, though I became

public may be on that score, it will be read acquainted with the Improvement Era with much interest. through a book called A Thousand and

Is there an irreconcilable conflict beOne Places to Sell Manuscripts. Thank

tween science and religion? To those who you for using my contributions. I am

are inclined to answer the question affirmgrateful."The Evening Public Ledger of

atively, and indeed to all, we recommend Hartford gives an interesting account of a the scholarly article on this subject by Dr. trip which Mrs*. Smith and her husband reJoseph F. Merrill, the first part of which cently made into the interior of Africa.

appears in this issue and which will be conProfessor Levi Edgar Young, of the Unicluded in our October number. Dr. Merversity of Utah, is preparing an article, for

rill, who, until very recently, was Dean of our next issue, on the pioneers and early the School of Engineering at the Univerdays in Utah. Prof. Young's reputation

sity of Utah, is a recognized authority in as a writer and historian is an assurance his line of work. He resigned his position that the subject will be treated in an origat the U. to become Commissioner of Eduinal and entertaining manner.

cation of the L. D. S. Church. He is a

scientist; but out of a rich personal expeProfessor Harrison R. Merrill's article,

rience he presents the case of religion and "Utah Athletes Coming to their Own,"does so in an irresistible manner. which appeared in the August number, has

Andre Maurois'"Disraeli,"a recent called forth much favorable comment. We

book which has attracted much attention, plan to give our readers, in the October is reviewed in this issue by Dr. Adam S. number, an account of Creed Haymond's

Bennion. This review will prove interrace in the Harvard stadium, where he won

esting reading for all book lovers, whether renown and at the same time a testimony of they have read Maurois'work or not. the Word of Wisdom. This is a thrilling

From Bynum, Montana, comes an afstory. Every boy in the Church, and we

believe every man likewise, will read itfecting missionary message—something with avidity. It teaches a really a message.which is

splendid lesson, presented by example, Three foreign missions, not so well adwhich is always better than a sermon, and vertised as most of our other fields, will is the kind of incident the Era is pleased be given prominence in the next issue.

to print. These missions are the Armenian, South

Do sharks eat men? Read the interestAfrican, and South American. On acing article on the subject by Professor P. count of their isolation and the general lack

V. Cardon and form your own opinion. of knowledge concerning them, these hisThe veracity of the men who vouch for torical sketches will be informative and

the correctness of this story cannot be quesinteresting.

tioned. In this case the shark certainly ate How Parents can Educate Themselves.

a man, and the thoughtful reader will be an article by Prof. B. L. Richards, of the

interested in knowing whether or not this Agricultural College, is to be found in this is a habit or merely an unusual case. issue. It is deserving of special attention.

Several poems by Caroline Parker Smith Furnishing as it does abundant food for have recently appeared in the Era. Mrs. thought, it should not only be read, but

Smith, whose home is in Hartford, Conn., should be studied by everv parent in the

is a world traveler and writer of note, her community.

The Assurance of Faith I know not how came the Universe,

Its farflung orbs of glist'ning light,

The day by sun's ignescent glow,

The mellow shadow's night.

But this I know by 'tuition's aid,

The wond'rous power expressed *

Proclaims the might of One on High

My wistful soul is blessed.

I know not how man was formed Nor how the sodden earth was wrought.

Yet. hallowed by the touch of Love,

A living soul begot.

But this I know, the Ego speaks,

Oh list, my yearning soul, oh list:

"Life was before it came in clay

And with clay gone exists."

I know not how the Bible came.

Made sacred by the grace of God,

The measured words the Prophet spake

Retold in plastic sod.

But this I know by Conscience's aid,

Its oftrepeated truths impress.

That man's a kin of God above.

Is plainly manifest.

I know not how the Virgin's child,

Unsired by a human form Humblest of the humble ones Can be a Savior born.

But this I know, it matters not

What manner, how or whence He came:

The eternal truths that He taught

Give man on Heav'n a claim.

I know not how that gory scene,

With innocence upon the cross,

Can expiate another's crime, Restore man's status lost.

But this I know, by Wisdom's aid.

Impartial justice, stern decree.

Is paid the price of broken law

And man from Death is free.

I know not how His risen form Can point the way for millions dead,

A life transcendent far above That which on earth they led.

But this I know, it comforts me,

He said in sober truth, not jest:

"If you would have Life, follow Me,

In Me ye shall have Rest!"

bngham City, Utah J. E. HALVERSON

Courtesy of W. P. Cottam

Timpanogos As Seen From Aspen Grove

Improvement Era

Vol. XXXI SEPTEMBER, 1928 No. 11

The Epistle of Kallikrates* By J. M. Witherow, Translator

[The document which follows is somewhat freely translated from a Greek MS. written

in uncials of a form that suggests the second century. Thirtyfour pages remain, but the

last is a mere fragment, and the conclusion of the work is lost. These papyrus pages were

discovered, along with other documents, far down in sand that filled the cellar of a ruined house. For reasons that may be easily guessed, the site of this house must remain a secret for

some time to come. It may be said, however, that the discovery took place in a certain district

of North Africa. All the papyri unearthed were carefully packed and forwarded to New York,

where they arrived on June 7 of the past year.

Of the other documents found in the same cellar, only one is of general interest. It seems

to be an account of the harbors of the eastern Mediterranean in the time of Vespasian. The

rest are letters, accounts, recipes for cooking, minutes of some guild meeting. These will be

published later.

The present work purports to be a letter from a man of some little culture belonging to the Corinthian Church, addressed to the Apostle Paul at Rome. The tone is that of one

genuinely desirous of spiritual light, though at certain points it sounds a little querulous.

The writer seems most familiar with the Epistle known as First Corinthians in our New Testament, and gives no sign of having ever seen the Acts ot the Pastoral Epistles.

Opinions are sure to differ on the genuineness of this little treatise. Some will take it for

what it claims to be. a work of a Christian scholar about the year 64 A. D. Others will confidently pronounce it an obvious forger/ of the time of Justin Martyr or later in the second

century. In either case it makes a definite contribution to the discussion of religious problems

that have excited keen interest in certain quarters both in Europe and in America.

The letter has been divided into paragraphs, with headings inserted. Some references to

the sources of quotations have been given here and there. For these headings and references

the translator alone is responsible. As the writer makes no claim to be writing sacred instruction

for the church, no attempt has been made to render his language into Biblical English.—Translator]

the son of Euphorbus, one of the faithful atKALLIKRATES,

Korinth, to Paul, the beloved apostle of our Lord Jesus

Christ: grace and peace be yours always from the one true

God who sent you to bring the word of life to Achaia.

It has ever been a sorrow to me that, living in a mountain village a day's journey south of Sikyon, I never saw you, Paul, or indeed heard of you when you were preaching the Gospel in Korinth.

Three years after you left Korinth for the last time, I came here to study the books of some of our celebrated teachers, and here I met Stephanas, your brother in Christ, and now mine. He taught

*This article appeared in the March number of the Atlantic Monthly, and the editors of that magazine have courteously given the Era permission to reprint it.—Editors.

900 IMPROVEMENT ERA

me the way of salvation, which you had taught him. Through

him I have been baptized and received into the number of the saints that are in Korinth. I live in the street that leads to the old harbor,

the fourth house from the temple of Apollo.

Stephanas has been very kind to me, lending me your letters to the brethren in this city, and a copy of a letter you wrote to the brethren in Galatia and of another to the brethren at Rome. I have

copied them all out and have read them again and again, thanking

God our Father for the truth in Christ sent to me in my ignorance and unworthiness through your words, deep, eloquent, and persuasive. At many places in your works I feel as often as I read

that the Lord himself is speaking to me through you. I have fed

at your hands, but am still hungry. I have drunk at your fountain,

but I am thirsty still.

Besides all this, we your children in Korinth are in much anxiety about you. We hear you are again to be brought before Caesar's

tribunal. We earnestly pray God night and day for you that you

may be acquitted and set at liberty. And I pray also that you may

come back to Korinth and guide us, for some are in need of guidance, I myself most of all. Meanwhile, I write of my difficulties

and doubts to you in this letter, hoping you may wish to know the present beliefs of the Church in Korinth and may be permitted by your jailer to answer.

You are our most profitable and convincing teacher. From

Silas and Loukas we have received sayings of our Lord himself and many of His parables, and from Apollos many interpretations of all menthe Hebrew writers. But you are our greatest teacher of1

now living. And yet, as you said, you do not "lord it"over our

faith. You reason with us when you write of the law courts, of

the payment of apostles, of tongues in public worship, of the resurrection, and other subjects. But why reason with us, if we may not

judge your judgment? Surely you are implying that you wish

us to use our own minds and judge what you say? Nay, at certain

dispoints you expressly invite us to form our own opinions.3 In 2

cussing idolatry and again about unveiled women, and again about prophets speaking to the Church, you tell us plainly to think for ourselves. I am sure you will not blame us for taking you at your

word. Permit me, then, beloved teacher, to tell you what my judgment is on some points of your teaching, praying you not to be

offended, but to be patient with me if I disagree, and with brotherly

2 Cor. 1:24.

2I Cor. 10:14. 15.

3 1 Cor. 11:13.

*I Cor. 14:29.

THE EPISTLE OF KALLIK.RATES 901

kindness explain to me the right doctrine on these points more perfectly.

Education First, then, I make mention of what you have written to the brethren here about human wisdom and knowledge. We all see

quite clearly that by no cleverness or genius or learning do men enter the kingdom of God. We understand quite well that you rightly

recommended the Gospel of Christ as an engine of power to change men's hearts and conduct, using this appeal to fact in simple language rather than subtle argument and flashy rhetoric and display of erudition. About all this there is no difficulty. But here and

there you use language which to some of us seems to go much further.

For instance, you say, "Sage, scribe, critic of this world, where5 are they all? Has not God stultified the wisdom of the world?"And

again, "Whoever of you imagines he is wise with this world's wisdom must become a fool, if he is really to be wise. For God ranks this

world's wisdom as sheer folly.""

A certain section of our brotherhood here never tire of quoting these sentences of yours, especially when they see me or my companions present at the meeting on the day of the Lord or at the lovefeast in the evening. Some of them are sure they are acceptable

to the Lord because they can neither read nor write nor avoid solecisms in their speech, and that I, because I have studied logic, geometry, and philosophy, and the dramatic poets, am in danger of eternal perdition. They say that you, in mentioning sage and

scribe, plainly censure both Greek and Hebrew culture, that all education is folly and therefore offensive to God everywhere, but especially in members or administrators of His Church, and that we

Christians should know nothing but Christ and Him crucified. In

vain do I plead with them that your words only mean that you despise flashy rhetoric in stating God's offer of everlasting life, and that human art and learning and education, if applied to redeem a man's soul, are utterly out of place and "sheer folly,"in the sense of being entirely futile for that purpose. Thus I might call the

rudder oar of a trireme an instrument of foolishness if I saw a man trying to build a house with it, but that would not prove that I thought triremes should have no rudders. So I plead that men

should use some common sense when your epistles are read.

But this is all in vain. Some of these brethren reply to me that

T must be wrong because you never admit that human wisdom is valuable for any purpose. They add that your reason probably is

6 1 Cor. 1:20.

6 ) Cor. 3:18, 19,

902 IMPROVEMENT ERA

that you are sure the world is soon to end and the day of the Lord's return is very near. When I hint that perhaps neither you nor

anybody could be certain of this, and that if the day of the Lord should not come for one hundred and fifty years it would be unkind to deprive our young people of education to fit them for doing their work in the world, they are offended, and tell me to read again your words on the resurrection, "We shall not all sleep,'"proving, as they say, that the day of the return must come in the lifetime of some of us now living. Others, again, add that most assuredly we should

agree that with God human wisdom must be sheer folly, because

God may be regarded as a mighty emperor and men in His eyes as less than spiders, and an emperor may well smile at the foolishness of the cleverest spider. To this I answered, "I am sure that is not

Paul's conception. Did you ever,"I asked, "hear of an emperor

sending his son to die for spiders?"But although this reduced my

opponents to silence for a time, I did not convince them, and indeed

I confess that, on reading again your words about human and divine wisdom, I myself remain uneasy in my mind. I cannot hide

from myself that your whole trend and tone are hostile to human culture, and I cannot find much recognition of, or sympathy for, the noble and true sayings of our philosophers and poets, though you did one quote from the Thais.

I go back to one of my favorite books and I read, "Be sure of this, no evil can happen to a good man either in life or after death,"and then I read in your letter to the brethren at Rome: "God will

render to everyone who does good, glory, honor, and peace.""And

I wish to know, beloved teacher, why I ought to call the second sentence divine wisdom in spiritual language and the first sentence human wisdom and sheer folly, and why I must renounce appreciation of the first if I wish to appreciate the second. Even when I

narrow your meaning to a censure of flashy rhetoric in stating the

Gospel, I find myself wondering whether you think it would be wrong to use good rhetoric stating the Gospel in a careful, educated way, in order to conciliate an educated hearer and win him to Christ.

Surely not wrong? But if not, then, O beloved teacher, I do wish

that at this point in your letter you had inserted some such word.

No Governing Officials We have now several bishops at Korinth, as I hear our brethren in Philippi and Ephesus also have. They are wise and earnest,

trying to settle our difficulties and superintend our worship in accordance with your instructions written for us in your letters. I

'I Cor. 15:51.

sRom. 2:10.

THE EPISTLE OF KALLIKRATES 9CH

never refer to these instructions myself without wondering why you did not appoint, or cause us to appoint, bishops or other administrators before you left Korinth the first time. You wrote that

there were various teachers and governors under the apostles in the

Church elsewhere. You knew that some brethren in Korinth were

more or less qualified for this work. You actually named Stephanas

and said you would like us to follow men like him.

For Discipline But, O Paul, would it not have been wiser to have seen that such men were appointed directly it was certain that you yourself would have to leave? Naturally you were shocked at the adulterous

person"who brought discredit on our Church in the early days. But

for whom among the brethren was it a duty to put himself forward in the very unpleasant business of denouncing the offender and calling on the Church to have him expelled? Can you be surprised there

was some delay? We had no one to act or to judge because no one

had been appointed. Your instructions in this affair bear the interpretation that an assembled congregation (men and women, married

and unmarried, old people, and young boys and girls) may suitably hear and decide about such offenses. Surely you do not mean this?

If your words about procedure here are insisted on as binding on the

Church until our Lord come, I foresee grave trouble. In the ancient

times of Hellenic freedom it was ever found, both in Athens and in

Korinth, to be difficult to make a large assembly into a court of law. Will it be easy for us?

Or for Arbitration I find you censuring the Similar thoughts occur to me when 10 brethren for resorting to the Roman courts for judgment of disputes between one Christian and another. If the brethren had possessed

already a court of their own, with power to enforce its award, they would never have dreamed of carrying some of their disputes to

Caesar's magistrates. But no such court, no Christian arbitrators,

had been given them, and I wonder whv. Perhaps you smiled at

your own irony when you assured your Konnthian converts of their competence to judge? However that may be, some of the "puffedup persons"in this city whom you had occasion to reprove more

than once"never doubted their competence to judge you and "the world"and "the angels"and everybody else. Your mention of the

angels at th's point,"and also in the paragraph about women in

'1 Cor. 5. 10 1 Cor. 6.

"2 Cor. 10:12: 1 Cor. 4:6.

u l Cor. 6:3.

904 IMPROVEMENT ERA

public worship,'has caused much perplexity, but I must not ask too many questions. I wish to say that modesty about ability to judge

is not, and I think never was, a difficulty in the Korinthian Church.

The real difficulty lies here. Many of these disputes do not

arise from little personal grievances. Thus the other day Eumenes,

one of the brethren, came to my house and said, "I have trouble with our brother Karpokrates."

"What is your trouble?"I asked.

"His brother Menon, who is now dead, was my dearest friend,"said he, "and when dying made me promise to look after the money he bequeathed to his two little girls, still very young. Karpokrates

and I were made executors of his will. And now Karpokrates wishes

to spend this money, as I think, in a foolish way, likely to end in total loss. But he says it is a good investment, and will not listen

to me. He has the money in his own name at the bank. What am

I to do?""O Eumenes,"I replied, "I think you should tell the bishops."

"I have already done so,"answered he, "but they said, 'It is not for us to say what investment is wise or foolish; we can only

tell our brother Karpokrates to be very careful.'But I know he

means to carry out his foolish purpose, and what am I to do?"

And I answered him, "O Eumenes, your promise to your dead friend, Menon, and your trusteeship for those two little girls, make it your duty to do your utmost to protect their rights. You must

go to the Emperor's court and tell your story. The judges will issue

an order to Karpokrates that will restrain him. If not, you at least

will have done your duty before God."

And when Eumenes had gone, I took up again the papyrus leaf on which I had copied your words and I read again what you say on this topic:""To have lawsuits with one another is in itself

evidence of defeat. Why not rather let yourselves be wronged? Why

not rather let yourselves be defrauded?"

And I said, "Yes, honored master, about strictly personal affronts and hurts you are right, but about other matters as a trustee!"And is our life not filled with trusteeship?

Or to Dispense the Sacrament What I have written about our former lack of bishops and other recognized officials might be repeated if I were to review your most wise and just and solemn rebuke to us for our mishandling of the Lord's Supper. The disorders, the irreverence, the misconduct, grieve us now even to think about, though they are long past.

1 Cor. 11:10.

"1 Cor. 6, THE EPISTLE OF KALLIKRATES 905

1 myself indeed never saw these offenses, but I join with the brethren in deploring that in our Korinthian Church the Master could be so dishonored. We owe you a great debt, apostle beloved, for exposing our error to ourselves and for making so plain to us how

this ordinance of the Lord should be observed.

And yet, most honored brother and father in the Lord, permit me to say that the faults you censured so justly were due partly to ignorance, but largely to the absence of any authorized and qualified dispenser of the bread and wine. It would have been his easy

duty to see that things were done decently as becomes the Church of God assembled for worship. He could have seen that the social

feast was separated from the solemn communion. If at the feast

any poor person were left hungry, the minister or bishop could have seen that this never happened again. Anyone presenting himself

at the table too drunk to discern the body and blood of the Lord could have been warned and expelled. But in those early days it

was nobody's business to prevent a man observing the Lord's Supper whenever he and his intimates saw fit, and drinking too liberally from the common cup.

And when you were reproving and correcting us, O Paul, I wonder why you did not say, "I want you to appoint Stephanas or

Fortunatus or such an one to give the loaf and share out the wine, and so at the table wait for the dispenser to give you the Lord's

Supper."No doubt for some wise reason you did not appoint or direct any officials to conduct this solemn ordinance, but considered disorders would right themselves if the brethren examined themselves and discerned the Lord's body and then ate and drank worthily, waiting for one another. And now nearly ten years have passed away

since you wrote on this subject. We think we now observe the

Supper worthily. It is always dispensed by either Stephanas or

Philokles or Sergius, who are our bishops, and once, when we met on the first day of the week, not one of them was present, owing to illness, and many said, "We will not have the Eucharist, for we cannot receive it worthily except from a bishop."

I have written this that you may see how much we have changed and how careful we have become.

Conflict of Opinions You were troubled about the factions that early appeared among us. I am sorry to say that they have not disappeared and are

not likely to disappear. Do not misunderstand me. The old bitterness has gone, and we live and worship together as brethren, but

there are differences of opinion strongly held, and sometimes, per906 IMPROVEMENT ERA

haps, too strongly expressed. These differences arise on various

matters, but can be traced to one cause. We are not agreed on the

nature and extent of your authority to speak for the Lord Jesus and to lay down universally and perpetually binding laws for His Church on earth. Again I say, most honored apostle, do not misunderstand my words. We all believe in you and regard you as our

father in Christ, the glory of these new churches in the West, the most instructive of all evangelists that the Spirit sent forth from

Jerusalem. The old jealousies and narrow faultfindings that once

moved you to wrath have gone, I believe, forever.

But one party among us has pushed this movement in your favor to an extreme length. There are certain among us who say,

"An apostle is inspired by the Holy Spirit of God. Every sentence

he writes on Church matters for our guidance, nay, every word of every sentence, is given him by the Spirit of God."Even where

you plainly state that you are not giving the Lord's command, but your own opinion, they maintain that your opinion was given you by the Holy Spirit and must be received as the infallible word of

God. God, being the God of truth, could not and would not, they

maintain, use truth mingled with error to teach His people. And

further, they assert, if by any incredible chance you should be shown to have made even one mistake, your whole authority would be overthrown. Untrustworthy in one point, you would be untrustworthy in all, for who could tell us on what points you were certainly to be believed?

So they argue. But they do not convince us all. I for my part

receive what you call the Lord's, command as the Lord's command, and what is called or seems to be your own opinion as worthy of my best attention and respect, but still only an opinion. I have

seen God use imperfect men to render great service and teach valuable lessons in statesmanship, in the arts, and in philosophy, although they made some palpable errors. I had to use my conscience, my

experience, and my common sense to separate the true from the false and the useful from the worthless in these affairs, and I see no reason for holding it impossible for God to act in the same way when He deals with men and women in the Church of Christ. Your word

in Christ proved itself to be the power of God and the wisdom of God in this city and in my own heart and life. That is enough

for me. I cannot at present see why I, your devoted pupil though

I be, must also believe the Holy Spirit responsible for all your opinions and all your expressions.

Then we have another party here which comprises all those whom you once described as crying, "I am of Kephas."They are

THE EPISTLE OV KAI.I.IKRATES 907

constantly growing in numbers and in confidence. They are quite

Iricndly to you and accept all your teaching as given you by the

Holy Spirit for the guidance of the Church, though I fear they do not understand your teaching on some grave matters. They quite

admit you have authority from the Lord for the management of the churches which you yourself have founded. But they assert

that the authority of Kcphas as prince of all the apostles is greater than yours and covers all the churches. This may seem of small

importance, seeing you and he agree with one another like brethren.

But what makes me uneasy is that this party of Kephas is steadily introducing a number of regulations for worship and conduct for which it claims the authority of Kephas. These men tell us no one

can be saved who is not baptized, that there is no. Eucharist possible

where water is not put into the wine, that it is not possible to eat the Lord's Supper unless it be received from a bishop or a prophet, that no one can be saved unless he has partaken of the bread and the cup given by the right persons, and so forth. I do not know

whether Kephas ever said such things or no. This I do know, that

the passionate protest which you made in your letter to the brethren in Galatia against the idea of salvation by compliance with regulations is more and more forgotten and when I listen to the prophets who address our meetings for worship I say sorrowfully to myself sometimes, "The very heart of the Gospel message as given by our glorious Apostle Paul will soon be utterly unknown."Oh, how I

wish that you could come back to us and rehearse the fulness of the truth you drew from the saying, "The just shall live by faith!"

Then there is a third very small party which consists of four or five others and myself. We, like all the brethren, praise you for

having brought us and our brothers the highest and truest religion in the world, for no reward braving unnumbered perils by land and sea. We, like all the brethren here, never cease praying God night

and morning and every evening to spare you to us and all the churches. Wherever in your writings you say you are giving something from the Lord, my friends and I believe and obey without

hesitation. Wherever you give a message of doctrine that strikes

home to our hearts of itself without special claim on your part, we recognize the Spirit bearing witness with our spirit that there also sounds the Word of the Lord. And there also, need I repeat, we

believe and obey without hesitation.

In regard to other passages, we for our part think you are right on some points and mistaken on others. I have mentioned some of

T ish you had not asthe latter, and here I will only add I could w sumed the truth of what some of the Alexandrians and the Stoics 908 IMPROVEMENT ERA

have taught about demons dwelling in the lower heavens and working mischief. I hope it is not necessary for a Christian to believe in

demons. I also wish you could have omitted what you say about

women's veils and women's hair. If the Lord come not for another

hundred years, your words on this matter may be carried to quarters where they are sure to be misunderstood. In Abyssinia, I am told,

veils are unknown among women. In one part of India, I am told,

it is indecent for men to wear their hair short and for women to wear their hair long. The day may come when those who take your personal opinion as the Word of God will tell the women of those two

lands and other lands that without veils and long hair they are offensive to God and cannot be saved. I feel sure you would regret

such a use of your letter to Korinth.

In spite of these differences, we follow you and honor you and desire to learn more and more from you of the way of truth and love as it is in Christ. But because of these differences, which we

think small, many of the brethren regard us with suspicion. Their

principle seems to be that in all matters of worship and of personal conduct and of religious opinion all Christians should act and speak and think exactly alike. My friends and I, on the other hand, hold

that, if brethren love and honor the Lord Jesus Christ with all their heart and with all their strength, they should be given their freedom in conduct and worship and belief so long as the freedom of other brethren is not injured, for, as you reminded the brethren at Rome, "To their own Master they stand or fall!"But a different rule

gains ground in Korinth. Here a man will say, "For me to disobey

any regulation or differ from any generally received belief of the

Church is a sin, therefore it must be a sin for everybody else."I

have great fear, beloved brother in Christ, that those who pursue (his phantom of an impracticable and unlovely and unwholesome uniformity will tear the body of Christ into fragments, so that the day may come when the saints in one province will disown the saints in another, and it may be even in the same city there will be saints calling the same Christ their Lord and their Savior who will refuse to call one another brethren.

May these fears be dissipated by the speedy return of the Lord himself!

Resurrection Of all your friends who have visited us I have been most comforted by Loukas. He and I read over together your wonderful

discourse on Resurrection. I asked him about my father and mother,

who were good people. It is twenty years since they died, not having

heard of Christ. And Loukas said to me, "Be of good cheer, KalliTHE EPISTLE OF KALLIKRATES 909

krates, for God has no favorites and he who reverences Him and lives a good life in any nation is welcomed by Him."And I asked him,

"Who said so?"And Loukas answered, "Kephas."

And I said, "Blessed be Kephas for 1 * * * (lacuna of three lines) baptized for my dear parents."But others said, "No,

for were it utterly futile to be baptized for the dead, Paul never * * * [The conclusion is lost.]

5 1 Cor. 15:29. 30.

To a Friend

God sent me to you.

With grieving eyes * * * * He looked down from the skies.

And saw my failing:

My futile struggles against faults

New wrongs entailing:

My brain in misery With bleak doubts assailing * * *

And so He sent me to you.

For still He loved me.

Despite my falseness * * * My heart had oft to Him In trust confided:

And in my life A dormant faith abided;

So He, with tenderest love, My weakness chided, And sent me to you!

You were His refuge for me.

He made you strong * * * And filled your life with good

That would not perish A girl of purity for Him to cherish.

Such wondrous soul Needs nothing more to garnish And make it radiant.

Compassionate. God led.

In loving mercy * * * He brought me in your way To be enlightened.

And now my chastened soul, By your life brightened.

Thanks God that He with care My loose reins tightened * * *

And sent me to you.

Uyden, Utah MARY M. PORTER

The Realms of Science and Religion *

By Dr. Joseph F. Merrill, Commissioner of Education,

L. D. S. Church

ITforIS considerationSAID we are livingat the inrecentan agefourdayof science.conventionThe generalin Philatopic

delphia of the Religious Association of America was Religion in an Age of Science. Many addresses have been made, many books

and magazine articles have been written during recent years discussing this general topic or some phase of it. Among thinking people the

subject has received a great deal of attention. All thoughtful students consider and discuss the matter.

A great deal has been said about the conflicts between science and theology. Forty years ago President Andrew D. White of

Cornell University wrote two large volumes in which he entered into a thorough examination of this phase of the general subject. Many

other writers have also considered the matter from this point of view.

So there has been, and is, a popular notion abroad that there are irreconcilable conflicts between science and religion. Please observe that

President White wrote of conflicts between science and theology, not between science and religion. There is a sharp distinction here,

though these two ideas are commonly confused in the popular mind.

Unquestionably science has had a profound influence on theology. And undeniably there have been many severe conflicts between

scientific doctrines and theological beliefs. In the main theology

has had to yield.

"Truth is truth where'er 'tis found,

On Christian or on heathen ground."

Many truths have come to us from the fields of science. Error

eventually has to give way to truth even when the error is one of theological belief. But so persistently have some errors in theological belief been held and so warmly and devoutly have they been

defended, that many people have turned from theological dogmas, becoming indifferent to all religious doctrines. Perhaps this is natural.

There is usually more or less difficulty in sharply separating what is taught from the manner in which it is taught and from the person teaching it. Personal authority carries great weight and dogmatic

assertions by persons high in position often have a profound influence. This has been true in the field of theology. In the time of

Baccalaureate sermon delivered at Utah Agricultural College. June 3. 1928.

THE REALMS OF SCIENCE AND RELIGION 911

Columbus the world was popularly believed to be flat and ecclesiastical support was given this view. But Columbus reasoned that

the world was round and thereby drew upon himself the odium of a heretic. Galileo had to recant or be burned at the stake.

Socrates drank the deadly hemlock rather than be false to his convictions. Examples might be multiplied to great length. The

Stopes trial in Tennessee, about three years ago, is a modern example of the kind of conflicts that have been going on during more than three hundred years between theological and scientific ideas and doctrines. And the end is not yet. But on the whole, perhaps the

advocates on both sides of these questions are becoming less dogmatic and more tolerant.

I said that, in the main, theology has had to yield; but do not

let me give you the impression that science has been free from error and dogmatism. In these respects it may have offended as

grievously as theology. Let me illustrate, taking a few cases from a

field in which I have studied for forty years. In certain divisions

of this field forty years is ancient history. For within that time,

as Millikan puts it, "we have found more new relations in physics than had come to light in all preceding ages put together and the stream of discovery as yet shows no signs of abatement."In those

days we were taught that any ponderable substance, as a particle of common table salt, could be divided into two portions, each of these into two other portions, and this process of division be continued to a very great length until an inconceivably small particle could be reached which, if again divided, would cease to be salt, but would yield two new particles, one called an atom sodium and the other an atom chlorine. We learned that this smallest particle of

salt was called a molecule and the two particles resulting from a division of the molecule were called an atom of sodium atoms—one

and the other an atom of chlorine. Of course, this molecule and

these atoms were so small that no one had ever seen them or could ever hope to see them.

But it is with these atoms I am now concerned. They could

incapablenot be divided. They were called elements—substances

of division into anything else. A chemical examination of all

known substances revealed that there were about 70 of these elements.

This number has since been extended until now about 90 are known.

Examples of these elements are gold, silver, copper, lead, iron, etc.,

among solids, and oxygen, hydrogen and nitrogen among the gases.

But the point I am coming to was the doctrine, taught with absolute assurance of its correctness, that these elements could not be separated into anything else. Gold was gold, and an atom of

912 IMPROVEMENT ERA

gold could never be divided into parts or be anything else than gold.

One famous American scientist impiously and derisively expressed the idea in my hearing by saying an atom was a little round, hard thing that God himself couldn't break up.

And so the doctrine of alchemy, taught during the middle ages, asserting that the noble metals, gold and silver, could be made from base metals like mercury was ridiculed and pronounced impossible.

Perhaps no teaching in science was given more dogmatically or with more assurance of correctness than this teaching concerning the nature of the atoms.

But in this day how different! The atoms are now regarded as

made up of parts, the atoms of many of the elements being thought to be extremely complex in structure. Time will not permit of a

statement of modern theory of atomic structure, but suffice it to say that according to a prevailing view atoms are miniature solar systems having a nucleus, or center, about which particles revolve, a structure analogous to our solar system, with the sun around which the planets revolve. And just as one solar system in the heavens

differs from another, depending on the size and number of its attendant planets, so the atoms of one element, as gold, differ from the atoms of another element, as copper, depending on the size of the nucleus and the number of revolving particles, though these revolving particles, unlike the different sizes of the planets, are thought to be all of the same size. But in the modern theory, it is

interesting to note that but two kinds of particles, or building materials, are found in any of positive and particles of atom—particlesnegative electricity.

And so gold differs from copper, or lead, etc., only in the number and arrangements of these particles of which the atoms are built,

just as one house may differ from another only in the number and arrangement of the bricks out of which both are built. Now just

as our solar system is filled primarily with "empty you space"—if

will permit the an atom is no longer a solid mass, expression—so

but a very porous one, the distances between the particles in the nucleus and those revolving around it being at least one hundred thousand times the diameter of the nucleus. In other words, an

atom is also nearly filled with "empty space."It is made, as just

stated, of electricity, and of electricity only, the electricity being or negative particle's, and protoms, orof two kinds—electrons,

positive particles. These particles are believed to be indivisible,

inconceivably minute, but in aggregates they make atoms, molecules, substances, mountains, worlds, the universe. Everything is

therefore made up of electricity, the entity carried by wires from the

THE REALMS OF SCIENCE AND RELIGION 913

distant generating plant to the electric motor or incandescent lamp.

But though all things material are made of electricity and electricity only, strange enough no one has ever seen or can ever hope to see electricity.

I spoke of the electron being minute. In a thimbleful of air,

we are told, there are more than ten million, million, million molecules of air, each one relatively far away from its neighbor, each one extremely porous, and each one made up of scores of electrical parpoints in a ticles. Who can ever hope to see one—infinitesimal

highly infinitesimally small molecule?

But there is something more that has been found out about atoms and elements that makes ridiculous the teaching of only thirty years ago. Then it was said to be absolutely impossible for mercury

to be changed into gold or lead, etc. That old dogmatism is forever gone. Right under the noses of these scientific dogmatists

atomic disintegration was continually going on in nature. The

process is known as radioactivity. And a number of chemical

elements such as uranium and radium are ceaselessly undergoing spontaneous decomposition, other chemical elements as lead and helium being born in the process. In other words, certain socalled

chemical elements are found in nature that are spontaneously and continuously changing into other chemical elements. In the laboratory, mercury, or quicksilver, has in recent years been reported, by

scientists in Germany and Japan, as having been changed into gold.

And probably the reason why we are not flooded with gold is because the process is so very expensive. In any case, it is now definitely known that chemical elements are transmutable.

Let us turn to some other examples of scientific dogmatism, and to erroneous assumptions. I trust you will pardon me for

appealing to my experience for these examples. Thirtyone years

ago one of America's foremost scientists, in lecturing to a class of which I was a member, said it was probable that all the great discoveries in physics had then been made and that future progress was to be looked for, not in bringing to light qualitatively new phenomena, but rather in making more exact quantitative measurements upon old phenomena. But as Dr. Millikan wrote, "The nineteenth

century Lord Kelvin, von Helmholtz, Lord Rayleigh, physicists"—as

Poincare, Van't Hoff, Michelson, Rowland, Lorentz, etc., all leadersin the science—"had taken themselves a little too seriously, that we

had not come quite as near sounding the depths of the universe, even in the matter of fundamental physical principles as we thought we had:"for. since 1895, a number of revolutionary and profound

914 IMPROVEMENT ERA

discoveries have been made in the very fields where these leaders thought everything was practically settled.

It was in the winter of 1897 when I heard one of the men just named ask in a public lecture who Augustus Caesar was. "A

mighty Roman ruler,"he replied, "but one who didn't know much about nature, for he didn't know what light is."He then proceeded to tell what light as every student of physics at the is—justtime knew what light there was no doubt about it. It is—and

may be interesting for you to learn that today no one knows what light is. Some more scientific dogmatism has gone the way of all

the earth.

In the spring of the year, twentynine years ago, America's foremost electrophysicist declared in a public lecture that Marconi would never be able to send a wireless message across the Atlantic and he proceeded to show why. This lecturer died not long afterwards. I have often wondered what explanation he would have

given ten years after this lecture.

I have spoken of revolutionary discoveries in the field of physics since 1895. May we not briefly notice some of these? It

was on Christmas Eve, 1895, that Prof. Roentgen announced to the

world the discovery of X-rays, a new something, having some astonishing and almost unbelievable properties. I well remember

when, about three weeks later, during a report on Prof. Roentgen's

paper, it was said that a person could look through the clothing and see the skeleton of the body, that the learned professors shook their heads and said there must be some mistake. This discovery produced a profound sensation everywhere in scientific circles, quite as

much as in other circles.

Roentgen's discovery furnished tools and methods that were soon employed in the rapid development of the electron theory of matter. This is one of the greatest, as well as the simplest, of all

generalizations in the field of physical science. This is the theory

that declares all matter is electrical in nature, made up of only two kinds of structural and negative electrical parmaterial—positive

ticles. In passing, I will say that this theory is said to be the "very

heart and soul of the new physics."It represents the discovery of

a wonderful new world of matchless simplicity and orderliness.

I spoke before of radioactivity, the discovery of the fact that some chemical elements are spontaneously and continuously undergoing decomposition, other chemical elements being left as bypro- ducts of the wreck. This discovery was made by a Frenchman in

1896. As soon as the significance of this discovery was seen, our view

of the nature of this physical world changed almost over night. The

THE REALMS OF SCIENCE AND RELIGION 915

socalled chemical elements were not eternal as they had authoritatively been declared to be, but were revealed as changing, transforming themselves continually. The transmutation of the chemical

elements was discovered as a natural process, thus completely destroying the old doctrine of fixity of these elements.

Physical Science in the nineteenth century rested upon two foundation stones as eternal as law itself, so it was asserted. These

were known as the conservation of matter and energy. Of these

two entities the physical universe is made up. By no process known

to man could either the amount of matter or of energy in the universe be increased or diminished. The discovery in altered—either

1896 that chemical elements are not eternal produced a profound shock from which recovery has hardly been made. In 1901 it was

proved that the principle of the indestructibility of matter was definitely invalid. It was shown by direct experiment that the mass of

an negative particle of larger and electron—a electricity—growslarger as its speed comes nearer and nearer to the speed of light. Put

in everyday language, does the weight of a body get greater the faster it goes? Yes, if the speed approaches 185,000 miles a second. Quite

unbelievable, many thought.

But more astonishing still is the Einstein relativity doctrine, according to which mass, i. e., a definite portion of matter, has entirely disappeared as a distinct and separate entity of any system,

energy taking its place; that is, matter changes into radiant energy

and vice versa, the change of a small amount of matter giving enormous quantities of energy.

I quote from Dr. Millikan's little book on Science and Religon.

recently published:

"It is well known with what joy the astronomers have seized upon this fact (that matter changes into energy) to enable them to escape their otherwise insuperable difficulties encountered because the sun. for example, cannot possibly have been pouring

out heat as long as it is now known to have been doing, if it is merely a hot body cooling off. If, however, it has the capacity at the enormous temperatures existing

in its interior, say 40.000,000 C, of transforming its very mass into radiant energy, then

these particular difficulties disappear. But what a shock it would be to Lord Kelvin if

he should hear the modern astronomers talking about the stars radiating away their masses through the mere act of giving off light and heat! And yet this is now orthodox

astronomy. "And. again, if they do so in accordance with the Einstein equation, then is it not

more than probable that the process is also going on somewhere in the opposite sense?.nd that radiant energy is condensing back into mass, that new worlds are thus continually forming as old ones are disappearing? These are merely the current speculations of modern physics, based, however, upon the now fairlfy definite discovery that

conservation of matter in its nineteenth century sense is invalid."

I have spoken of radiant energy, represented by the light, heat, etc., given out by the sun. What is the nature of this radiation? As

916 IMPROVEMENT ERA

I stated before that thirty years ago every student of college physics could have told you definitely and positively. It was a very rapid

movement of transverse waves through the universal ether, a medium filling all space. The light and heat of the sun and radio waves

of a broadcasting station are said to be all of the same nature, having a velocity of 186,000 miles a second. What is the nature of these

waves? A few years ago our student could have told you. Millikan

asks, "But what do we now know about the nature of this phenomenon which we have called radiant energy, with the aid of which the masses of the stars are being dissipated into space? In a word,

where is now the nineteenth century physics of the ether?"The

forever gone, and with it some of the mostanswer is—gone,

pronounced scientific dogma of those times. In the place thereof

there has opened up one of the most abstruse, difficult, and perplexing regions in the field of modern science. In the language of an

authority, let me say, "We can at present make no mechanical picture whatever of the act by which an ether wave is born and started out on its journey through space. * * * Both the mode of

birth of an ether wave by an atom, and its mode of transmission from star to star after birth are still almost complete mysteries.

* * * We can still look with a sense of wonder and mystery and reverence upon the fundamental elements of the physical world as they have been partially revealed to us in this century. But the

childish mechanical conceptions of the nineteenth century are now grotesquely inadequate. * * * We have learned not to

take ourselves as seriously as the nineteenth century physicists took themselves. We have learned to work with new satisfaction, new

hope, and new enthusiasm because there is still so much that we do not understand."

(To be Continued)

Mysteries The little one plays in the yellow sand:

He hears and he sees what he understands.

As larger ones plan and construct all day.

He hears but knows little of what they say.

The younger ones play on library floor,

Surrounded by volumes of learning's store,

With wonders of science and art laid bare,

Yet they play on in innocence, unaware.

In God's universe, in the selfsame way,

His children labor and toil and play;

Mysteries surround them on ev'ry hand;

They hear and they see as they understand.

Ocden, Utah OLIVE BELNAP JENSEN

When Fathers and Sons are Comrades

By a Grandfather of Today (Conclusion) what was shown in the first article, it is easy to indicateFROMin this paper that if fathers and sons were comrades in work, in play, in study, in camping out, then it further follows that: VI. Fathers Grow Young Again

Few men are so old, with their sons yet about them, that they do not remember the day when the world of life lay all unexplored before them. They will recall the eager vision, the rosy ideal of

life, the joyous hope, that were theirs as they were proudly and joyfully just coming into manhood. Then they fancied that real

life lay in achievement, in selfrealization, in worthy attainment.

Before long, however, the young man discovered that he could not achieve, alone and unaided, his highest destiny; he needed a

companion and helpmate; so he fell in love. It was his thought that

he first fell in love, and then thought he needed a helpmate; but if

the affair, as religious people are inclined to believe, was heaven's doing quite as much as his own, then the first statement represents the true order. At any rate, he then, as all men do, bowed before the

stainless scepter of womanhood, and was proud to acknowledge, before that shrine, his undying devotion to the uncrowned queen whom he had chosen. There was no illusion in all this; for the real

meaning, the predestined end of his love affair, was greater than even his exalted imagination could picture. There was present a

divine element, which he could sense, yet could dimly perceive, if he could perceive it at all.

George Eliot says: "That adoration which a young man pays

to a woman whom he feels to be superior to himself, is not distinguishable from religious feeling and worship."She means that

it is not merely the lover's fancy that in this great hour heaven has come near to him and has touched his life with ennobling powers.

"What great and worthy love,"continues George Eliot, "is not truly so, whether of woman, or child, or art, or music? Our caresses, our

tender words, our still'raptures, under the influence of autumn

bring with them the consciousness that these aresymphonies—allsunsets, or pillared vistas, or calm and majestic statues, or Beethoven

but waves and ripples in an unfathomable ocean of love and beauty.

Our emotion at its highest flood rushes beyond its object and loses 918 IMPROVEMENT ERA

itself in the sense of the divine mystery. Beauty has an expression

beyond and far above the one woman's soul that it clothes, even as the words of genius have commonly a wider meaning than the thought which prompted them. It is more than woman's love

that moves us in a woman's eyes. It seems to be a faroff, mighty

love, which has come near to us, and made for itself a speech there."

VII. They See More Truly the Part They Play

If, as I believe, the words of this great woman are true, then love is heaven's work, in which, with the aid of woman, man feebly, humbly, takes his part. It is the common mistake to suppose that

all this drama is enacted for ourselves only, whereas it is but a part in the play, in which the actors are taking such parts as it hath pleased the Director to assign to them. It implies the presence

of a new and greater person for whom all sacrifice and divinity—the

labor are bestowed. That person is the child, who is the meaning,

the object, the life, of the history of mankind. Hence, whenever

this remarkable and undoubtedly predestined arrangement is broken up. the heavens, as well as the earth and its people, must weep.

The greatest men and women testify that the true ideal is the child rather than the fully developed man as history reveals him.

It is the child, Tennyson shows in "The Princess,"that can reunite the warring and "disillusioned"hearts of adults. So that, if men

would win back a love that they have lost, let them lead the boys, play with the boys, esteem the boys; for the mother can forgive

everything, perhaps, better than neglect of her children.

VIII. Parents Keep Faith With Each Other

Some readers, however, may suspect that it is enthusiasm and philosophical subtlety, rather than cool and judicial judgment, that would rate comradeship with boys as a prime means of lessening the numbers of recent divorce proceedings with their attendant evils.

But it is plain that in this simple and joyful work of cooperation with youth lies the possibility of binding up many of the breaking hearts and restoring certain of the wrecked homes which result from the divorces of our time.

Once, in a court room, I saw the stage set for one of these tragedies. The judge was keeping his eyes on a newspaper, in which

I suspect he saw little. A few spectators waited in silence. The

husband, with downcast eyes, was near. Just then

"With slow and stately step there came a lady through the hall,

While breathless silence chained the lips and touched the hearts of all;

I knew that queenly form again, though blighted was its bloom,

And marked how grief had decked it out, an offering for the tomb.

WHEN FATHERS AND SONS ARE COMRADES 919

I knew the eye, though faint i;s light, that once so brightly shone;

I knew the voice, still musical, that thrilled with every tone;

I knew the ringlets, almost gray, once threads of living gold; I knew that bounding step of grace, that symmetry of mould—

of that brilliant and vivacious girl acquaintance of my youth, the tragedy of whose homelife I was now, mute and pained, about to witness.

"Even now I see her bursting forth upon her bridal morn,

A new star in the firmament, to light and glory born."

The attempt to insist upon one's own rights and prerogatives, rather than to consider duties and obligations, leads to estrangement and may result in separation. Perhaps nothing else more quickly

causes us to forget ourselves in the happiness of others than does this mingling with young people in their joys and fun. Then the

faroff enjoyment that we imagine is sometime to come to us from wealth, from fame, from achievement, is completely outshone by joy in the living of the best lessons, for the ampresent—one

bitious to learn. Then we can say, with Annie Pike:

"Not for the wealth of kingdoms.

Nor the fame that yestcr beguiled.

Would I give the joy of knowing

The trusting love of a child."

Boy

Boy, you're the pride and the light of my life;

I'm leaving all, dear, for you.

Boy, for the sake of thy dear father's faith,

And thy mother's heart be true. boy. true.

Seek not the world with its glitter and sham.

Look not at its miraged joy;

Conquer the whisper so false in thy ears,

And be true to thy teachings, my boy.

Boy. when you're all that we have here on earth.

How can you forget our pain?

Do you not know that we, loving, can see

The real things that are permanent gain?

Keep clear from the sins of the world, my boy.

Seek not for its wealth untold.

Gather thee flowers from the noblest thoughts,

And the blessings of God for thy gold.

Linnie Fisher Robinson The Religion of Life By Merlo J. Pusey

(1 INCE the earliest dawn of human thought, men of all races j) have concerned their minds with the purpose and the objectives of life. There has never been a time since history began that

the thinkers of all people have not striven to know what life is, whence man came and what is his destiny. No one human intellect

has ever conceived the answer fully, yet man persists in speculating on the multitude of problems that arise from his relation to the

Creator. Theologians continue to search the scriptures for the purpose of God in creating man, and philosophers continue to train

their relentless eyes on the swarming mass of mankind to discover some hidden purpose of being. But with all the searching of the

divine records and all the delving into metaphysics, the question remains unsolved for the majority of mankind.

It frequently happens that when a truth has been pursued for ages and the quest has led men in all different directions of thought and investigation without satisfactory results, a nearer approach to the truth can be made by returning to the original thesis. Christian

denominations by the score have found the object of mortal life to be preparation for a future state of happiness. The evils of the world

must be endured and overcome that peace may be attained in the hereafter, they teach. Some of the Oriental religions go much

farther than this and regard life itself as an evil. In such philosophy

nonexistence becomes the ideal toward which all strive, and blessedness comes only with complete oblivion. One school of modern

thinkers in America has despaired of ever finding anything but chaos in the world, with the result that they see life as wholly purposeless, and mankind as a blind army sweeping over unknown fields to its own destruction. Perhaps a return to fundamentals in seeking to

comprehend the purpose of life, under these conditions, would be enlightening.

When we see a beautiful rose bush climbing up the walls of a garden, perfuming the air and charming the eye, we do not ask its purpose, nor assert that its being has a hidden meaning. The

rose is sufficient in itself, and, moreover, it is content to bloom as one of God's loveliest creations; to put forth its most delicate beauty

without reference to its future state. Who stops to consider the

rose as the mere agent of some other, perhaps higher, form of life?

THE RELIGION OF LIFE 921

Or who conceives its sole purpose to be the creation of seeds that other roses may bloom?

Superficial thinking always tends to confuse a process or an object with its byproducts. Why do we need to think that man

has a purpose foreign to his own mortal nature? Can we not find

a partial answer to the questionings of ages in the elemental thought that the purpose of life is living; that man exists for himself and

is his own excuse for being? To come to any other conclusion is to

make man—who is an eternal entity, as even God himself—subservient to some cause, or a slave to some superior being. Man is

not a mere tool to bring about the glory of anyone, not even the

Deity whom he worships. He has an individual destiny which God

not only recognizes, but promotes, giving wise counsel and showing the way to the fuller life, but leaving man to the freedom of his will. Life itself is the object of humanity and not merely the means

to an end. The purpose of man is to live.

Life is an eternal stream, beginning in the distant past and going on and on into the infinite future. The spirit of man is coexistent with God. Do not the scriptures tell us that in the beginning God found himself in the midst of intelligent entities, and,

being the most intelligent, became their leader? How then can

there be anything in this life, or anything in our conception of heaven or hell, that transcends the importance of living!'Man

was created that he might be, and he reaches the fullest measure of his being when he lives most abundantly.

There is a philosophy, springing perhaps from the apparent futility of a single individual's efforts in the world, that man's primary function is to grow to maturity and reproduce his kind, that the continuity of the race may be maintained. Humanity must be

perpetuated, but if life were nothing more than reproduction there are many honest souls who would find it difficult indeed to think of living as worthwhile at all. If there is no purpose in living, why

should people go on bringing other individuals into purposeless being? What would be the use of human striving? The answer

must be that man comes into the world for the sake of his own life.

his own development, and that the service he renders others, such as the discovery of unknown truth, or the begetting of children, is a byproduct of his own growth. Only when man comes to realize

that his own achievements, his personal career, his individual experience and salvation transcend, for him, all else in the world, will he be able to visualize the purpose of his own being. Only then will

he be able to enter upon his greatest service to humanity, which is the contribution of an enlightened and noble character. For life can

922 IMPROVEMENT ERA

scarcely be said to have a purpose, unless it be the advancement in knowledge and happiness, the exaltation, of those who live.

Other people recognize life as its own objective, but fail to comprehend the importance of the here and now of existence. It is a universal illusion that the past was happy and blessed. But perhaps this

mellowing of the memory by time is no more widespread than the illusory conception of the future as a period of unconditional happiness and attainment. Nothing is more true than out of the past

the present is fashioned, and that out of the present the future will evolve. The past is gone. Today we are as we are and no power

in the world, demoniac or divine, can change the fact. Tomorrow

we have not, because it is still beyond our grasp, and our failures of today may forever unfit us for the opportunities of days yet to be. Can we depend upon anything as a working basis but the

here and now?

Since the past is gone and the future is almost wholly dependent on the present, there seems to be no foundation to the belief that this life is nothing more than a probationary state to prepare human beings for a future of inactive bliss. To use the commonplace comparison, all life may be considered a school wherein the lessons of

achievement are learned or the habits of shirking are acquired. But

should we regard this teaching process as an earthly punishment an inferior state of being, subordinated to the future and designed only to try mankind with temptations of the flesh? As long as we

entertain hopes of progress the business of learning must go on. The

man who shrinks from the experiences of mortal life and dreams of a hereafter of peace in which there will be nothing to do but enjoy the rewards of past righteousness, is as deluded as the man who expects to find greater satisfaction in the idle dissipation of wealth than he found in active creation of it.

Experience in the world brings understanding that growth comes out of adversity, and that knowledge is born of an earnest struggle with ignorance. In the light of the ideal of eternal progression, how can we hope, or even wish, to escape from a state of

being that is beset with problems and that requires of us honest toil and diligent thought? Learning is living. Because we have

opportunity to learn so much in this life, to apply our knowledge and skill in so many thousands of constructive projects, this mortal stage of the eternal span of time should be rich in the joys of living and the rewards of achievement. Today is as much a part of life

as any day that shall rise on our horizons, mortal or immortal. We

live by the day that is within our grasp. Plans, resolutions, hopes

even, that are not based on what we are today are as unavailing as

THE RELIGION OF LIFE 923 the fancies of an idle school boy who dreams himself a prince of world renown. Life becomes real only as it is lived, and can be

considered worthwhile only in proportion to its ultimate yield of satisfaction and achievement.

If this be true then what may be considered the relation of religion to life? Attention has recently been forcefully directed to

this problem by a thinker, who is not a member of the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, but who has paid the Church one of the greatest compliments that has ever come from an impartial investigator. Dr. Max Haenle, chairman of the Department

of Economics of the University of Erlangen, Germany, made the pronouncement after months of study here that "Mormonism"is, more than any other religious system that he has had occasion to study, a religion of life.

The statement was made in a public address at the University of Utah and supported by a wealth of detail. The distinguished

economist and sociologist found proof for his view in the L. D. S.

missionary system, the Church plan of cooperative business, in the lack of professional priests, in the "Mormon"educational system and in the Word of Wisdom. After studying economic conditions

in Utah for three months, as influenced by the L. D. S. Church, Dr.

Haenle went to Samoa and Hawaii to note the effect of "Mormon"teachings on the natives of those islands. For the natives who live

comparatively simple lives as well as for the more intellectual peoples of this western civilization, he found "Mormonism"to be the most "practical"religion.

The very fact that Dr. Haenle is so enthusiastic about finding

the Gospel as taught by the Latterday Saints a "religion of life"indicates that the religions of the world in general have wandered away from the practical application of their teachings to daily living.

The doctrines of Christ have become, for them, no longer rules of conduct, but a system of philosophy, and religion has evolved into speculation on past and future existence, more than training for life that lies immediately before us.

What should religion be if not a plan of living the fuller life, and why should we concern ourselves with it in this world if it does not give us greater insight into the problems and opportunities that we meet with here? If it has no purpose but the exaltation of

man in some future estate, why not leave the divine plan for presentation to him when he is able to comprehend and make use of it?

The scriptures tell us that it was God's plan that the spirits of men should come to this earth and experience mortality. The Lord

wished it and the unembodied spirits wished it because it is the way of life. The plan which is known as the Gospel was then perfected

924 IMPROVEMENT ERA

for the specific purpose of directing man in this new experience. It

was presented and carried into effect by Christ that man might live more fully in his new earthly environment, and out of that abundance of living, gain exaltation. It is obvious, then, that the

Gospel was devised to serve our needs in mortality. What of the

future? Again let us say that it is a product woven from the

thought, the toil and the faithfulness of the present. Let the future

bide its time. An intelligent view of the situation would anticipate

greater light than we now have and more complete truth for the guidance of man in his postmortal experience.

Judged from this standpoint and according to the rating of Dr.

Haenle, "Mormonism"has the foremost position among the religious systems of the world in its actual value to mankind. Other

religious bodies, as for example the Hindus or the Catholics, have more complete systems of philosophy and ceremony. But, as Dr.

Haenle points out, a religion that is overdeveloped in its philosophy is in danger of not being understood by the masses, and one overstocked with ceremony is on the way toward loss of simple truth and positive action. The German professor found that the "Mormons"have, in spite of their brief history and the many obstacles

that have stood in their way, performed "an achievement of civilization and culture which is unsurpassed,"and that "'Mormon'morality has produced an economic type of man of the highest kind."

The fruits of the Gospel are to be found, not in profound volumes of divine philosophy, but in the characters of men and women who have been touched by its influence and in lives that have been made joyous and noble.

From the earliest history of the Church the temporal welfare of its people has been ingeniously connected with their spiritual development. Although definite and unequivocal in its teachings, the

Church has never been a rigorous system into which every individual must be cramped for the glorification of the system. Instead, it has

offered a plan divinely instituted for the purpose of helping man more fully to develop his personality. It has work for every member,

cultivation for every talent. The strength of "Mormonism"lies

in the fact that everyone who believes is called upon to manifest his faith in active service. The Church will never face the danger of

falling into a spirit of world negation, Dr. Haenle believes, because

its leaders are also men of temporal affairs, and its nonprofessional

Priesthood will always maintain the necessary contact with daily life.

Living in a world of material things, it is impossible, even if it were desirable, for man to withdraw his whole attention from them.

THE RELIGION OF LIFE 925

Js it not the experience of a material environment for which we came here? How narrow then must be the religion which recognizes only the spiritual side of life! What would we think of the

efficiency of a system which would connect a dozen wires with our office and give us a telephone that could be contacted with but one of them? The aim of the Latterday Saints is to make the Gospel

vital in business, industry, leisure time, recreation, as well as in religious services and the giving of charity. The organization

abounds in facilities to reach man in every function of life, to develop him physically, morally, intellectually and in spiritual things.

Dr. Haenle found that "no other church knows such an ideal

institution which is at the same time of as great practical value as the 'Mormon'mission."He likewise found the cooperative attitude of the "Mormons"to be a classical example of the interrelation

between religion and economics. The meaning of these findings,

which have been here touched upon only in brief, was crystalized in a single sentence by the distinguished professor when he declared that he loves to be in Utah, and gave as his reason: "My 'Mormon'

friends have a deeper conception of that entity which we call human life than the average American."

Such words should be full of significance for the Latterday

Saint, and full of interest for all who claim to be seeking life in the fullest conception of the term. Life is supreme to all, and any system which tends to make it more intelligible, its achievements greater

and its joys more complete and enduring, should arrest the attention and command the respect of every human being. Dr. Haenle is a

student of life as well as of economics. Being an adherent of another

Christian church far more powerful in membership than the

Church of Jesus Christ, he has viewed the workings of "Mormonism"with impartial eyes, and found the real genius and greatness of this muchmisunderstood Gospel.

"It has always been the noblest aim and task of the truly cultured man."he concluded, "to find a real unity in the multiplicity and diversity of life; and this endeavor, which goes like a

silver thread through all the history of the 'Mormons,'has been to me, during my stay in Utah, not only a scientific inspiration, but it has life bethis is much more also—and important—enriched my

yond measure from a purely human point of view."

How Parents Can Educate Themselves

By B. L. Richards, Professor of Botany Utah Agricultural

College discussion is by a parent just beginning his education in theTHIS"Science of HomeMaking."In fact, I wish to make it clear

from the outset that my principal excuse for venturing into the field of parental education is that vital interest which I have in four husky youngsters now presenting problems far faster than solutions appear. Might I not, therefore, characterize this brief discussion as

a cry for to cut my way through an unending maze of help—help

human problems imposed on parents by a rapidly changing world?

If there be elements of hope suggested in this brief contribution, to our program it must be in the form of the research methods which were employed by a group of parents interested in educating themselves in the business of homemaking, and possibly a few conclusions which they have reached. Even in these, far more questions will

be raised than answered.

Probably the title, "How Parents Can Educate Themselves,"offers a starting point. There exists a fundamental distinction between learning and education. Learning is accumulated information

from without, education is growth by activity from within. One

may become tremendously learned, even to the extent of specialization, but to become educated requires actual growth by activity into the business for which one receives training.

All education is, therefore, selfeducation, and fortunate is even the specialist who. having a laboratory at home, may become educated

in the business of homemaking. Even so, his would better be an

open mind. The position in which the parent in our present civilization finds himself is not a simple one.

Imagine, 1928 and a parent! Students of various phases of

home life maintain that we as parents have failed, and miserably.

The juvenile judges and their coworkers lay juvenile delinquency at our door: educators generally insist that we have shifted the responsibility of child's care in education to the school, and the religionists

see in our homes the disappearance of discipline and with it the hold of the church on the voting. No discipline, no spiritualitv: "The

home but a place in which to eat and sleep."Such is the indictment

against the modern home and modern parents.

It is true: the home does fall short of its real function. It has.

in general, failed to adapt itself to a complex and changing world and has, to a certain extent, become a drag on our civilization. But

HOW PARENTS CAN EDUCATE THEMSELVES 92 7

docs the responsibility for such conditions rest wholly with parents?

As parents, certainly we are willing to bear our share of blame for such a condition; but such an admission does not explain and scarcely

aids in the solution.

It must be recognized that numerous forces have been in operation to which parents have, to a certain extent, become victims, and to this extent are not causal agents. Much of the trouble lies in the

fact that such vital forces as education, religion, etc., have been too

completely separated from the homes; have become definitely institutionalized, and that billions of dollars and the finest brainpower

in the world have been employed toward the perfection of the institutions in which they function. In fact, the school, the church,

commercialized recreational centers, and similar institutions, because of their perfection and because of their professional connection and moneymaking powers, have become in themselves objects of worship.

The home, on the other hand, has been neglected; has not

adjusted itself to the advance of civilization and lags far in the rear.

It is entirely within the realm of truth to say that the home has been exploited for institutional maintenance of other types. In this sense

the educator, the religionist, the politician, the profiteer in recreation, and the business promoter, have all been factors in staying the progress of the home and have contributed in a definite way to its exploitation, if not its undoing. Even now there are those in these

groups who turn their attention to the home essentially because its lag threatens certain institutional perfection.

Be this as it may, there are those who, through the mist of our commercial age, see the child and humanity; see the home as the most

natural and possibly the most fundamental educational unit. They

maintain that the vital factors in the home must be salvaged, and that upon these factors as a foundation the greater home of the future must be built. In this vision alone lies hope.

Agencies turning their attention to the problem of the home are now rapidly increasing. Teaching and research, professorship and

scholarships, are rapidly becoming established. Childstudy associations of various sorts have contributed and are now pointing the direction. Psychiatric and mental hygiene clinics, together with the

juvenile courts, likewise mete out their instructions to parents. Likewise, home economic departments stand ready with their perfected

mechanics; a few have discovered the child. Again, we are informed

that ten years will be added to the human life and a much higher degree of human efficiency result, if the information regarding health now known to physicians and pediactricians could be put into practice in the home.

928 IMPROVEMENT ERA

From all this activity flows the usual mass of written volumes; libraries grow, outlines become perfected, and occasionally

course work is instituted. Information and learning rapidly accumulate, solutions are offered. But from above all the babel of

"Lo, here the way,"and "Lo, there,"comes the one supreme cry:

How can this accumulated knowledge be made functional in better homes for a better humanity? In other words, how can we educate

the keyman in the parent? As yet, before it all, situation—the

he stands bewildered, willing but helpless.

How to convert this rapidly accumulating mass of information into a comprehensive, progressive, and effective program of home administration, looking toward the full expression of family life is the outstanding problem facing the American people, and especially the parent of today.

To begin with, as parents, we must accept our homes as they are, our children as we have them, ourselves as potential teachers and administrators. Now with the professional aid and written

helps which are at our disposal, how can we as parents prepare ourselves and do our job? What is our program?

In my further discussion of this problem I shall avoid theory and resort to a simple detailing of how one group of interested and sincere parents approached the task of preparing themselves to function more efficiently as parents. This problem was undertaken in

Logan, Utah, by a group of parents of mixed professions.

A desire to improve our own homes provided the motive for the research activities which have now extended over a period of two and onehalf years. The attack has been largely from the experimental angle, and in these experiments the home with its children has provided the laboratory. Literature, professional workers, and other aids have been kept well in the background and used

only when needed in the solving of particular problems. Activity

in the home has been, throughout, the basis of our program.

Through consistent and extended effort, a definite vision of the possibilities of the home has resulted, a portrayal of which is obviously beyond the scope and possibilities of this paper. However, the length of time through which their experiments have been

extended must be kept in mind throughout the discussion. At best

I can but indicate in the very briefest way our objectives, methods and procedure, and possibly some of the results.

With the group organized and finally with the selfimposed and specific task of making our homes function on a higher plane, we next faced the problem of how to accomplish our objective.

Our first step consisted of a study of all the available programs and courses offered or suggested by various universities, colleges,

HOW PARENTS CAN EDUCATE THEMSELVES 92'J

childstudy associations, child clinics, churches, and books dealing with problems of parental education. This study disclosed the

fact that most of these programs emphasized the child, if normal, as an isolated individual or as a member of artificial groups. Others

outlined studies of the abnormal, delinquent, or unadjusted child, equally isolated. Preschool child, youth, adolescent, etc., in their

various phases also received attention. None of the programs, texts,

etc., examined took the normal child, the adolescent or the adult, individually or as group, and placed them in their normal home environment and studied their reaction in that group with the idea of

determining how such a body as the family should be administered so as to create conditions for maximum growth of every member therein. Not a single outline, program, or text was found dealing

specifically with the big problems of home administration; none offered specific directions.

As ambitious as the program might appear, this little group, as a result of its analysis, launched out in an experimental way to determine for themselves just what those fundamental principles underlying the successful administration of their homes might be. The

way has been long and fraught with difficulties; many times we have

been baffled, sometimes discouraged; but results so far have justified

our efforts. A number of homes have been completely changed and

placed on a far higher plane than they occupied before the effort.

At the outset, the group was forced to face three very simple but significant questions: (1) What do we wish to accomplish, or

just why are we maintaining homes? Specifically, what are our objectives? (2) What are the educational materials available to us in

our homes for accomplishing these objectives? (3) What methods

must be employed in the use of this material in reaching our objectives?

Objectives of the Home It early became evident to the group that the principles involved in administration of any institution depended entirely upon the type of institution to be administered, and that type is but a function of the objectives sought. A determination, therefore, of just what we

wished to make of our homes became a starting point. Considerable

discussion led to the conclusion that our homes should function essentially as educational institutions with their prime objective the development of the highest type of manhood and womanhood. So

general an ideal, however, could not function as a daily guide or as a basis for specific projects. An analysis of the essential elements of

manhood and womanhood, in other words, character, did provide this desired basis, and as a result it was felt by all that if the home 930 IMPROVEMENT ERA

functions effectively as an educational unit, with character formation as its ultimate objective, it must give to every member the following: 1. A strong body, a high degree of vigor and vitality, proper motor reactions,

posture, carriage, etc., and protection against physical abuses.

2. A keen reaction of the senses.

3. Balanced yet intensified emotional reactions in training of likes and dislikes

(power to select values).

4. Habits of personal hygiene, neatness, cleanliness, and temperance.

5. An appreciation of work as a basis for successful life.

6. Adequate recreation.

7. Proper habits of study, training in thinking, and an appreciation of solitud?.

8. A keen appreciation of the value of time and its effective use.

9. Habits and power of concentration.

10. The instruments of thought, (vocabulary), habits of speech, love of books,

literary taste, etc.

1 1. The habit of cooperation.

12. The habit of and ability to assume responsibility and of rendering service.

13. High standard of moral conduct in speech, in thought, in social and commercial relations.

14. A concept and appreciation of personal values and a consideration for others

and their rights.

15. A social consciousness of the home and its members (a home group loyalty).

16. Ability to participate and cooperate in home and community life.

1 7. Fundamental knowledge of sex and the laws of reproduction.

18. A fundamental knowledge of the laws of heredity and their relation to race

betterment.

school, local, state and Federal government.tutions—church,19. Appreciation of importance and relative value of the various social insti20. An appreciation of economic values and the function of money as a means

of life. 21. Respect for properly constituted authority, for law, for old age, and for

things sacred.

22. A concept of God as a directive and benevolent force in the wprld, and an

abiding faith in Jesus Christ and his mission.

23. Appreciation of marriage and the rearing of a family as the source of spiritual insight, inspiration and development.

These objectives, one at a time, provided the basis for definite projects on which the parents worked in their homes. In presenting

this group of objectives, however, no claim is made for completeness, nor is an attempt made to present them in order of relative importance. They are simply statements of what we, in our own

homes, were determined if possible to accomplish.

Educational Materials in the Home

Just what were the materials in the home or presented by society to the home available to every parent with which to achieve these objectives provided our second real problem. Only the most meager

suggestions of such characterforming material could be gleaned from

HOW PARENTS CAN EDUCATE THEMSELVES 931

the literature dealing with the home and parental education. The

question, however, was so immediate and pressing that groups of parents started vigorously to work on various phases of the problem, and as a result a rather extensive, yet incomplete, inventory of the characterbuilding materials and activities available in our homes resulted. This inventory not only provided material for immediate

use but, most important of all, helped to develop an attitude on the part of the parents toward the home. Never before had we realized

the richness as well as the limitations of our homes as we were then maintaining them. A listing of materials as inventoried is beyond

the scope of this paper.

Two examples of the use of this material as it might be employed in working out the various objectives will suffice. Objectives

8 and 20 best serve our purpose.

Objective 8 states: "It is the business of the home to give to

every child a clear concept of the value of time."A few of the

characterforming materials and activities in the home available to parents are listed in part as follows:

1. Rising in the morning (child).

2. Dressing and toilet activities.

3. Work to be performed by the child.

4. General home and individual schedule.

5. Breakfast.

6. Time for preparing for school.

7. Time required in going to and from school.

8. General family discussions.

9. Biographical features or stories emphasizing value of time in achievements.

10. Competition within the group.

1 1. Natural rewards for work quickly and efficiently done.

12. Time for study, etc.

The following shows the use of part of this material by a girl of nine, before and after the operation of a definite schedule on time use. It must be kept in mind, however, that this was a selfimposed

schedule, stimulated through the operation of the "home council"a feature in method to be discussed later:

Employment of Time Before the Institution of Her Schedule

For getting out of bed 1525 minutes

For dressing 1530 1015For toilet activities—

For help before breakfast?

For breakfast (sometimes while on way to school) 3-5

For study?

For help with work 0-10 For getting ready for school 5-10

For getting to school 5 and usually late 932 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Each morning was characterized by parental nagging, and the child started the day in a state of spiritual and mental depression.

Time as Employed After Three Weeks of Schedule Operation (Selfimposed)

For getting out of bed 1 minute

For dressing (established by competition with her own record) 5-7 minutes

For toilet activities 1 For help before breakfast 20 For breakfast 20 For help in home or for study 30

For preparation for school 10 For going to school 15 The child started to school with a mother's kiss and prayer.

The effect on the child's reaction and attitude in school was so profound as to stimulate investigation by teachers. Nor was this

all, the whole atmosphere of the home life was as completely changed as was the life of the nineyear-old daughter. So many elements of

character are involved in these earlymorning operations that the child's whole future may be made or unmade by the way this 1 j/2 hours is used in the home. Such material is available to every parent.

Objective 20: "It is the function of the home to give to the

child a clear concept of economic values and of money as a means of life."Material in the Home

1. Child's own needs and desires. 6. Cooperative projects for increasing

2. Family expenditures (family budget) family income.

3. Child's personal expenditures. 7. Cooperative purchases.

4. Family income. 8. Biographies of successful men.

5. Example in use of money by parents. 9. Cost of home and home equipment,

relatives, and neighbors. 10. Home improvement program.

Material Offered by Society

1. Charities. 3. Taxes.

2. Public contributions, churches, Red 4. Public finance, waste projects.

Cross, etc. 5. School supplies and equipment, etc.

Although these are but simple everyday relations and activities, yet, after all, they provide the basic material for use in establishing an appreciation of economic values. Neglect in their uses results in

wasted materials and opportunities for character formation which must be the byproduct of such activities. The father, for example,

who reaches in his pocket and thoughtlessly doles out a dollar for the

Red Cross has wasted one of his rarest opportunities for the education of his child. Again, the possible educational values of the family

budget far outweigh other advantages usually attached to it by those who see only the economic side.

HOW PARENTS CAN EDUCATE THEMSELVES 93 5

These inventories are far from complete but will serve to suggest our method. Each of the twentythree objectives, so far as taken up,

have been thus analyzed in terms of material available. The problem

of material for character education for use in the home and provided by the community presents one of the most fertile fields for research.

Methods Employed How the child can be brought in contact with this educational material and activities in the home in such a way as to reach the various objectives for which the home must strive is the one most difficult problem, and, as previously stated, forms essentially the big field of home administration. It was in this particular phase of our work

that we obtained the least help from the various external aids such as books, outlines, and professional leaders. Helpful hints, however,

were found which greatly affected our progress. Our attack on the

problem of method was largely experimental.

The sequence of events resulting from our experiments on the eighth objective, "The time element in the home,"will best serve to illustrate our procedure. How to give the child, all members of the

home, in fact, a clear concept of the value and importance of time provided our administrative problem. To be brief, the group in

our first discussion of the question decided upon time schedules as a starting point. Each member left the group discussion enthusiastic

and with a determination to perfect a workable schedule. One week

later they returned, a wiser and a much less enthusiastic group. For

the first time we were brought face to face with the fact that our study group was composed largely of but one member, usually th?

mother, of the parental force of each home.

Facing the problems of home reconstruction, starting with the time schedule, the active and enthusiastic member frequently met with indifference, coldness, and even active opposition from the other parent. The absolute necessity of cooperative activity on the part of

both the directors of the home in taking the first step in reconstruction came as a startling revelation and offered the first problem for solution in our'climb toward home improvement. Weeks of hard

work, study, planning, and persuasion resulted in two fundamental steps forward: (1) Our group membership increased, two parents

from each home now appearing. ( 2 ) The two parents of each

home decided to set aside a definite period (daily or a certain number of periods each week) to study together (let us emphasize the word "together") the business of homemaking. The greatest business in

the world, "homemaking,"was to be studied for a definite period (daily or semiweekly) by the two directors of that business. Books,

outlines, and specialists began to have a place in our program.

y34 IMPROVEMENT ERA

As a group of cooperative parents, we now renewed our attack on the time schedule. Beautiful schedules resulted, scientific schedules, inhuman coldblooded schedules, dead bookish things, worked

out cooperatively by parents. Figuratively, with these perfect instruments, we marched into our homes with orders for all members

of the family to fall in line. Three weeks later our attacking forces

rallied behind our discouraged, and some in open ramparts—beaten,

rebellion, ready to surrender. Our schedules, our perfect instruments

of time regulation had failed.

A study of our attempts clearly revealed two things: ( 1 ) That

in the construction of our schedules the children had not been consulted, or at least had not become a factor in its construction; (2) in

the operation of the schedule where they were chiefly concerned they were not at all even rebelled. Such was the fate interested—they

of our first attempt, and such has been the fate of other attempts of schools, of churches, and of specialists to introduce time schedules into the home.

The way out was not clear. Yet, we had dedicated ourselves

to the problem of making our homes better, and the time element was important. Surely there was some solution.

Strongly opposed by the "populace,"we, the "ruling class,"began the study of how we might put our plans in operation. After

repeated trials and group discussions, a system of democratic operation both in schedule planning, and schedule execution appeared our only solution. For the first time we were forced to see clearly the

advance of democracy in society with which the home had not kept pace. The autocracy of our homes had received its first, and some

even dared hope, its mortal blow.

A system of democracy, however, with its machinery for the administration of the home did not appear a simple problem. Nevertheless, our repeated experiments with the time element resulted ir

step forward in the business of home admincouncil"-—ourthe establishmentsecondin each family of what we chose to term a "family

istration. This consisted in setting aside a specific time when all

members of the family could meet and solve jointly the family problems.

In this council all the cards are laid on the work table—the

to be done, the money to be spent, the pleasures to be sought, and the standards to be maintained. It becomes a sacred hour for mutually solving the problems of living together. Further, in such a

family council, the objectives of the home formulated by the parents are placed before all the members of the family and what were the objectives of the parents to give gradually, become the objectives of the child to acquire. The child then becomes a directive, not a

HOW PARENTS CAN EDUCATE THEMSELVES 935

directed force; and he gladly assumes responsibility as a member of

the group in which he finds himself on equal footing. A keener

sense of honor, a greater family loyalty, and a democratic expression of life in its highest refinements becomes a portion of the child's life.

Such democracy, as is exhibited by the operation of the family council, makes possible the joint development of ideals, purposes plans, methods, and most important of all. compelling enterprises

which are accepted by all members of the group. Quickly the problems of discipline give way before the practice of such democracy

in the home.

With the operation of the family council the parent becomes a true leader and a true educator. To dictate in the old way is no

longer his prerogative. His powers to lead, to guide, and to love,

are put to the supreme test.

As a result of two and onehalf years of study and experimental efforts, this small group of parents have been forced to a few conclusions which they hold as fundamental to effective homefunc- tioning: 1. That the rearing of children fitted to live effectively and

fully their lives in society is the highest function of the home.

2. That this effective type of homefunctioning is possible

only where clearcut objectives are so formed as to stimulate and direct effort toward character formation and finally as to provide a basis for equating results.

3. That the education of children for effective family and

community life is largely contingent upon the discovery, the proper evaluation and the use of the educational material provided in the home and to the home by society.

4. That while detail of methods may vary; nevertheless, the

spirit of democracy must pervade the whole system of home administration. The child as a directive force in the home must be allowed

to grow into responsibility by exercising the functions encouraging such responsibility. Thus, for example, he learns home finance

by participating in the business of home financing: just so he learns

home administration by aiding in the actual problems of home administration. The home thus organized offers the one fundamental

institution for preparental education as also for laying the foundation of effective citizenship.

5. That the full expression of the home in its climb toward

the highest objectives can be obtained only by cooperative effort on the part of both parents, the father and the mother. This demands

systematic study together of the business of homemaking.

The method employed in our group studies recognized the intimacy and the delicacy of the family circle as well as the danger of 936 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the abnormal expression resulting from the introduction of foreign elements necessary for study. Nevertheless, it makes possible the

study of the family in action by providing a definite, progressive, and constructive program of activity and by using the parent in the homes through whom the reactions of the family group may be expressed. By the proper direction of study group, the activities

of a large number of homes may be studied. The method is equally

applicable for the study of an individual home by the parents themselves.

Home

You buy or build a beautiful house; you furnish it with all the elegant things that

money can procure, yet it is not a home. The only place that is a home is the place

where the Head of the House tells the Heart of the House, how fast the grain grows, how the farm is all in good repair, how much his business has increased in the past year.

The only place that is home is the place where the Heart of the House tells the

Head of the House that Tommy has lost his first tooth, that baby Sue's plump little toes have pushed through the front window of her last new shoes, that the flour bin is empty and the syrup jug dry.

Life is not all a gay romance. It is a tremendous reality. The man and woman

who make a home together must be of understanding natures; they must be truthful,

cheerful and sympathetic. Orange blossoms fade, their fragrance dies, but where the

Head and the Heart of the House meet fortune's frown together where the hearthfire burns brightly; where there are shadows of children's play upon the walls; where

affections are genuine with no decay and no deceit, that habitation, be it a cottage on the boulevard, a mansion on the hills, or a weathered farm house nestling in a valley and shut in from the outside world, that habitation is a real HOME

San Diego, Calif D. C. RETSLOFIWhen You Are Eighty

If the years before have been lived aright,

Your legs will be nimble, your eyes will be bright,

And you will be loved, though your hair may be white,

When you are eighty.

But should it be, you are faded and worn

By battles you've fought and the burdens you've borne,

By a smile you'll win more than by looking forlorn,

When you are eighty.

If you plant with care and good seed you sow,

You'll have pleasure ahead in the crops that grow.

The things I am telling you are things I know,

Because I am eighty.

iawtelle, Calif. PETER QOTTFREDSON

Who They Are By Kenneth Bennion school students have been so thoroughly psychoanalyzedMIGHduring recent years that they have all been classified and pigeonholed. Every action, reaction, and impulse, from

adolescence to matriculation, have been blueprinted and tabulated for future reference and guidance. All the teacher has to do is

familiarize himself with a twentyfive-foot shelf of highpriced books, and then, according to directions, apply certain stimuli in psychological sequence to the pubescent minds before him, and watch the required development take place according to schedule. A very

simple process!

The trouble is, the pupils won't stay classified. They shift

around, mentally and otherwise, and upset the whole scheme. "The

psychology of the typical Lincoln county high school student"worked well as a guide last year, but this year the typical student quit school and got a job, so now a new book has to be written. It

will deal with recent reorganizations in the field of secondary educational psychology, and its real purpose will be to enable another promising young "Ph. D."to make good some of his promises.

All that is very exciting, but the most interesting thing is the fact that every high school student, from the brightest to the dumbest, and from the meanest to the prettiest, is absolutely different from any other. Furthermore, every one is an unfathomable being of

two distinct personalities: the one put on in class, and the one worn

out of school hours. It is important that a teacher become acquainted

with both, if he would apply his carefully prepared stimuli with any degree of success.

One method of thus becoming acquainted with the pupils is to have them write brief autobiographies. Such an assignment is sure

to be one of the most interesting and profitable of the entire year.

The following extracts have been taken from a set of papers entitled "Who I am."

This young fellow was a "typical"teacher's pest. He just

wouldn't be quiet and look interested. He spent most of the hour

winding his watch and sighing heavily.

"I was born Sept. 28. 1927, the middle one of six children. I lived with my

folks in a little town in southern Idaho. It wasn't a very big town so there wasn't

much excitement. About all us kids ever did was shoot spugs [sparrows] off the

stores on Main street, and all we ever went to was Sunday School. One day we went

it used toon a camping trip in the mountains. My sister was driving Old Faithful—

938 IMPROVEMENT ERA

, and pretty soon she came to a cow in the road. Shego a little while every hour—

yelled, 'Shoo!'but the cow didn't. Well, after we bent the fenders back off the

wheels, we went on up to the camp. While the others were getting dinner ready I

decided to climb a mountain. After awhile I came to a high cliff and it took me

about an hour to climb up it. Just as I got to the top a rattlesnake struck me on the

kg. I jumped back and fell clear to the bottom of the cliff. I ran all the way to

camp, expecting to drop dead every minute. When I got there I found I had my

boots on. The snake hadn't bitten me at all.

"That night I found a beetle in my bed so I took the '22'and shot it."

This "ground hog"is an easygoing, goodnatured student, unless someone musses up his long, black, polished hair. He talks

earnestly with his "girl friend,"and then looks up in hurt innocence when the teacher calls him for it:

"I was born in Salt Lake City on the second day of February, or 'ground hog day.'My childhood was a dirty one because I was always playing in the mud and

getting into mischief. I hated school but after two or three years I settled down to

work. I have a high ideal to be a great man, but I have been trusting it to luck.

The one big thing in my life now is to have a good time while I'm young. I am

called a shiek, but I don't know why. My father is general manager of a supplycompany, and after school and on Saturdays I am the general nuisance."

A darkeyed Canadian girl writes this one. If the friend from

home is wise, he will come again, and often.

"I was born in a little village high up in the mountains of Canada. It is really

a very magnificent little place, with its stately old trees and sparkling mountain streams.

There are also pretty cottages with green lawns and flower beds. To me it is all

very wonderful, but perhaps its description doesn't appeal to anyone else. You see,

I lived there for nearly sixteen years, and I grew to love it. I'll always be a Canadian

in my feelings, I have to study hard and rush from class to class or I get lonesome.

I miss my old friends so much that if it weren't for school I believe I should take the first train home tomorrow. One of my friends came down to see me this summer

I go back."andwe—well,wantedbeforeme to return with him; but I am determined to finish my school before

Cremona is like her theme. There is an occasional suggestion

of pathos and tragedy, but it is immediately washed out in a deluge of wholehearted gaiety.

"My name is Cremona Peffin. Now laugh at that if you dare! I have had

a very interesting life, and now in my old age I take my pen in hand to tell you, a mere man, all about it. My father is George Peffin, my mother is dead and I have

a stepmother. I live with my grandfather.

"After my mother died I lived for thirteen years with my grandparents. Then

my daddy came home from South America, where he had been working, and brought me a brand new mother. I was rather pleased and went with them to Canada and

then to South America. It was a wonderful experience, and I enjoyed my trip, of a

year, immensely. Daddy finally decided I might better complete my education, so I

packed my little hat and powder puff and came back to the States.

"I went to school for a year and a half, and then my appendix decided it would give me some trouble. For a while I debated whether I should pass on or stay awhile and

WHO THEY ARE 939

bother the world. I finally decided on the latter, and here I am.

"Many times you will hear me groan under the load of a heavy assignment, but. like a martyr, I will struggle bravely through it. I have the record of never

having been unprepared in English. Ahem! My chief failure is that 1 can't keep

my mouth shut. I often speak out of turn, but I will try and control myself.

"Oh, yes. I have a very nice boy friend."

If this young cosmopolitan were not blessed with a charming sense of humor and a complete lack of conceit, she would be a most disturbing element to her teachers. She knows all about the case

of the subject of an infinitive, and international bimetalism. She is

well read on more interesting subjects than most teachers have even heard about.

"To the casual observer I am just an average sixteenyear-old girl, maybe a little above average in stupidity and quite a bit below average in looks. Poor, deluded world!

How can you know that poetical genius is budding: great inventions that will shock

the intellectual world with their brilliance, and great uplifting ideas are stirring in the average mind of that average girl.

"I have claims to almost all quarters of the globe. I'm of English, Welsh, and

Irish dercent, and was born in Japan of American parents. Some people have been

so unwise as to dispute my citizenship in this fair land, but I show my Irish blood and usually get away with the argument.

"I believe in evolution, but not the kind that places my ancestors on the monkey family tree. My ancestors didn't come over on the 'Mayflower,'but I do claim to be

a descendent of Eve, although I refuse to believe that my great grandmother was made from a man's rib."

Sometimes teachers think that this boy is utterly hopeless, and then the next day he will rouse himself and surprise them with unmistakable evidences of genuine ability.

"Well, I am just another dumb student, trying to get along in school. I have

a'bout seventyfive cents in my pocket at this time and I owe fifty of that. I am

absolutely satisfied (for the present). I am going to the school I like best and most

of my friends are here, so they are no better off than I am. I am here because my

parents compelled me to come. At first I hated it, but there is some good in every

necessary evil. I am not very much of a dynamo of ambition, and wouldn't be

surprised if you found me unprepared now and then. But take consolation. You will

not be the only teacher to find me unprepared. I have a particular and intense hatred

for geometry (nasty stuff). It will be the cause of one 'E'on my report card this

year. It is my own fault, though. If I would look it straight in the face and dig

in I could get it, but it is hard to study when I get home. All the fellows are up

on the corner kicking a football around and I forget about lessons until supper time.

After supper, there is an interesting article on the library table, or Joe calls around in his 'Lizz.'

"No, I can't get anything done in a study period, either, which is why this theme is a complete failure. A fellow across the table from me is biting his pen. The

title of his paper is 'Who I Am,'and he has about four lines written."

This girl is just an true as steel! alloy,—but

"My mother came from Snowflake, and my father is a Frost, but still I am 940 IMPROVEMENT ERA

i warmhearted. My grandparents on mother's side were English and Swedish; on the

other hand they were English and Danish. I was born at Chinaman Springs, Navajo

Indian Reservation, New Mexico, but I am neither a Chink, Injun, or Mexican. In

fact, my ancestors have been in the melting pot so long that I guess I am just an alloy."

This embryo dramatist is a very quiet, hardworking little girl. True to her sex, she wants only one thing, but it turns out to

be two. "WHO I AM"Act I "'It's a girl!'(Father registers disappointment.)

Act II (Fifteen years later.)

"A little junior enters this school. She is promising, young, hopeful, with a

intelligent cast to her brow. I am she. Reading is my favorite occupation. I read

everything from dime novels up. I even read my school books. I have one bad

habit. I chew gum. 'Stounding though the fact mu/y seem, when I was a baby I was

very beautiful. But that was a long time ago and doesn't help much now.

"I am not positive what line of work I shall follow up, but I think I shall be a nurse. Of one thing I am certain, and that is I want to have a profession and get

married. Then if I have lots of money I want to travel and have plenty of pretty

clothes."At eleven months, this student astonished the neighborhood by her physical accomplishments. At sixteen, she is a poet. What next?

"I had done it! I had actually done it! Imagine me doing a wonderful thing

like that! My mother and father watched me do it with amazement and happiness

on their faces. The neighbors'children began to scream and laugh at me and their

mothers came out to see what had happened. How could a little girl like me do such

a thing? I did it once, then turned around and did it over again. I had stepped

over the hose, the long, black hose lying on the front lawn.

"That was my first great adventure. I am now sixteen years old, and therefore

get a kick out of life. I don't like to stay home any more than I can help, although

no home could be more pleasant than mine. I like the canyons very much, but most

of all I like the desert, where there is nothing but cactus and sand everywhere. I like

horseback riding, tennis, hiking, dancing, etc., and I like to write poetry. Several

of my poems have already been published."

Elaine also writes poetry, and short stories, but she has never written anything more romantic than this little story of her life.

"I am just the ordinary girl with the ordinary face and mind of any girl my age.

Perhaps there is something extraordinary about my ideals and ambitions but I shan't bore you with details.

"I was born in a lovely little whiteframe house in Oklahoma, but this peaceful existence lasted only a little while. My earliest recollections were in the town of

Norton, Texas, where I, the youngest of seven children, could not realize the reason for the tears when my father, an engineer, was killed in a train wreck. The family

was sadly broken up, and my poor mother, broken physically and spiritually, as well as financially, moved with her three youngest children to Austin, where she started a boarding house. The war broke out and two of my brothers went. No one knows

better than we the bitterness of war. After a year with the two boys somewhere with

WHO THEY ARE 94

the army, and a married girl she knew not where, mother's nerves broke and for years she was an invalid.

"After an eternity the war ended, the boys returned safe, the girl came home a widow, and the family was reunited. Now, mother is in fairly good health, five of her

children are here with her, another is coming in the spring, and the seventh, with his wife and three babies, is on a farm in Texas. So, like a piece of fiction, this little

autobiography ends with everyone happy."

Believe this one or not:

"I was born in a little town in New York called Schenectady. Later my mother

and father moved out West and I was left with some relatives who were to take care of me. When at about the age of ten I got tired of going to school and also of the

relatives, so I made up my mind to follow my parents.

"I left without telling anybody what I was going to do. I got as far as New

York and made up my mind to work in order that I could go farther on my trip. It

took about two days to get a job. My clothes were fairly good and this must have

made a good impression on some gentlemen because I got a job as errand boy in an office. "I didn't tell the boss my right address for the simple reason I didn't have one, and for another thing, one night maybe I slept on some porch and another night in some store.

"I worked and traveled for about four months and finally reached my destination.

I had quite a bit of experience up to this time and so I found the police headquarters and located my parents."

This dusky maid who has laughing, wistful eyes, is a descendant of royalty. She sings of her native land.

"Somewhere in this world there is a spot so dear to the life and hearts of millions, and so romantic and thrilling to me. There, there is music, love, charm, and

allurement. Roam the world as you will, nowhere will you find a more enchanted

spot. There, 'every month is the balmy month of May.'There, flowers are always

in bloom, and fruits are always in season. There, showers are hailed as 'liquid

sunshine,'and triple rainbows illumine the clouds.

"There, too, Nature, though smiling in most parts, can be seen in her angriest moods, belching forth from the bowels of the earth geysers and mountains of liquid flame and lava, from the greatest living volcano in the world.

"And this very descriptive spot, known the world over as the 'Paradise of the

Pacific,'do I claim as my home and my native land"

This girl's mind ran to cottages and flower gardens. She became quite absentminded and used to bring to class a thimble instead of a pencil. When spring came she spent most of the hour

watching soft, white clouds drift lazily across a patch of blue sky.

"Every year of iffiy life has been worth more than can be estimated in dollars and cents. The first part of my life was spent in a most beautiful, little country

home. A small garden and fruit orchard adorned the south side of our little estate:

on the north was a greenlatticed playhouse where my sister and I learned the first fundamental principles of housekeeping. A beautiful flower garden and lawn brightened the west, or front, and at the back was the barn, in which lived our faithful

cow and horse. In the center of all this stood our fiveroom, bluepainted home.

942 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Our life here was full of many interesting events. Happy days were spent with ouri

friends and our many pets.

"After we moved to the citfy, daddy began training me in bookkeeping and clerking, and I also began my musical training, which means so much to me now. These

valuable principles taught to me have helped me pay my way through high school. I

have worked in business houses during the day and placed with a dance orchestra at night. But my work is more of a pleasure to me, as 1 enjoy every moment of it

spent, especially in playing.

"While living in the city I have been very happy. Helen, my best pal and

sister, and I have not been lonely for friends as many girls are when moving into a different city. We have been in schools together and 'she has me, and I have her, so everything's gonna be all right.'

"Though my future ideals and dreams are too lofty to tell about in this composition, I will promise to write of them when they are realized."

Poor girl! Instead of a little white cottage and a flower garden, it turned out to be a "kitchen, bedroom, and sink,"with disappearing furniture, in a big city. But she says it's just what she

wanted, after all, and that she is just too happy for words. Then

she looks across at John well! It's none of our business, and—Oh,

anyway.

MOONRISE

(From the poem "In the Temples of the Great Outdoors")

There where the red dawn floods the skies

And the last kiss of sunset dies

A mellow radiance distills, Expands and deepens o'er the hills.

Now, like a blade, a burnished rim

Breaks o'er the range in shadow dim,

Emerging 'till a sphere of gold

Looms over dark Olympus old.

See, dripping down the dreamy dome,

Fine fleecy flakes of filmy foam,

Like kinky curls of hoary hair,

Enfold her fiery figure fair, Intrude upon th'enraptured gaze

And hold the fluent tongue of praise.

Up through the cloak of cloud she glides

And, I suspect, she dreams she hides;

But, like a tuft of ocean spray,

The misty mantle melts away, And lo, the Venus of the skies

Draws throbbing night's ten thousand eyes.

Theodore E. Curtis

Native Plants as Friends and Foes

By J. H. Paul, Professor of Natural Science at the

University of Utah

Hundred Rocky Mountain Trees, Shrubs, Soil Makers,TWOWeed Pests, Medicine and Food Plants, Poisons, Forage

Species, Hikers'Plagues, Signs of Overgrazing, Ornamental

Flowers and Shrubs, Grasses and other Forage Plants—Classified

for Ready Identification into

Twelve Plant Projects, for Campers, Hikers, Scoutmasters, and

Girl Leaders Practically all Rocky Mountain plants are important in the lives of men; it is, moreover, a happy circumstance that most of

these plants may be learned rather readily at sight. They are more

easily remembered when grouped in their human aspects. Recognition is facilitated by the thought of their usefulness to man and

by their strongly marked natural characteristics.

Most, perhaps all, conspicuous western flowering plants are either decidedly harmful to man (a small minority of species, however) or they have historical or legendary reputation for usefulness.

With these facts added, their study acquires gripping interest for those who would learn of western development and natural resources.

What Is Herein Undertaken It is reasonable to expect that the chief plants of the Rocky

Mountain region will some day become easy for laymen to identify at sight. Each has strongly marked aspects that reveal its individuality. Each bears marks that indicate its struggle to live under

the unusual conditions of western climate, altitude, ruggedness, and other physical conditions that make for sterility. The varying altitude, moisture, shade, exposure, soil content, and the unusual

sunshine quality from the high content of ultra violet rays—these

and other physical conditions have combined to mark the native

Rocky Mountain flora with aspects of fascination.

It is herein proposed to classify the chief Rocky Mountain species into groups related to man's interests, hopes, and fears; and

so to indicate and characterize them that they can be learned quickly by the attentive observer. Some of them will need first to be

pointed out to the beginner; and a leaf or flower or fruit of each

should be preserved; after that, with note book and specimen in hand,

944 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the learner can go it alone, and will soon have a speaking acquaintance with a rich and varied flora that probably has, in any country, few that equal it for variety, beauty, and scientific or practical interest.

An Adventure in Hiking In olden times those who would venture forth were wont to "go down to the sea in ships;"in our day and region most of us

prefer to go into the canyon by autos; then, if we are scouts, hikers,

artists, scientists, or nature lovers, we explore the mountains for birds, plants, insects, rocks, sunsets, landscapes and scenery.

From Big Cottonwood canyon over the high mountains to the head of Mill Creek canyon and thence down to the boy scout Wigwam at Camp Taylor, is a hike worth mentioning.

Butler Fork leads off from the main Big Cottonwood road northward, about seven miles before you reach Brighton. A stream

of cold, pure water comes tumbling and foaming down the narrow ravine. The ascent is steep, the trail precarious, the vegetation rich,

profuse, varied, and in character subalpine. Among the more

prominent species are Rocky Mountain juniper, Douglas, white, and alpine firs, Engelmann spruce, birch, alder, mountain ash, maples, willows, aspen, cottonwood; mountain lover, ninebark, honeysuckle,

dogwood, native currants and gooseberries; river hollyhocks, Mertensia blue bells, fireweeds, carmine Gilias, columbines, clematis,

baneberry, silver Corydalis, foxgloves, poison hemlock, and many others.

Projects Revised by Experience

Up this breathtaking climb, laden with their kits, blankets, and food, successively streamed various troops of scouts under the

Salt Lake Council. Along the east bench boulevard for Big Cottonwood a huge truck would roll out every Tuesday from the Wigwam. From ten to thirty firstclass scouts and scoutmasters each

time, all eager for the adventure, would make the big tramp. The

hiking, cooking, camping, demonstrated which scout could prove himself chief camper; but the main object was to develop the most

earnest and efficient observer of nature, who, with suitable prize and honor, was then named chief naturalist.

When we first made out these plant projects, they were like this: "Collect, name, and preserve any three wild flowers, also at

least one plant highly useful to man, one generally harmful to man, and one poisonous plant"(with similar projects for birds and insects). At that time we rather had the feeling that we had touched

NATIVE PLANTS AS FRIENDS AND FOES 945

high watermark in the realm of nature study for scouts; but several

of the fellows, each having collected about 140 species on the trip, were able to complete five projects, while others gained four or three. This was gratifying, and it pointed the way to the projects

that follow. They are based upon the thought that three things are

of paramount importance in learning a plant (or bird, insect, rock, reptile, or mammal): 1. Its true name. 2. Its chief characteristics,

or what it is. 3. Its relation to man, or what it does.

.

The Plant Projects in Detail

I. Present seven specimens—the

plants that make the real soil for the cultivated crops.—of first five and two of the others

The RockyMountain SoilMakers

cliffs, each kind disRock lichens—five kinds to be taken from high mountain

yellow, white, black, blue.tinguished by its color—red, green, gray, brown,

Rock mosses—two kinds, distinguished by color and height.

Alum roots, rockclinging plants with kidneyshaped leaves—at least two species

distinguished by their red. white, or yellow tiny flowers on long, slender, straight stems.

Rock mat. a flat, matlike shrub with gray leaves and roselike, whitish flowers,

clinging close to rock surfaces in high mountains (Pterophyton.)

Stone crop (Sedum debile). small, fleshy, bluish plants under six inches in height.

with yellow flowers and growing among the rocks.

How these five groups of plants turn the solid rocks into the best soil, upon which the grain and fruit crops of the valleys depend, is told at some length in the author's Western Natural Resources, and need not be retold here. The following secondary soilmakers

in some degree carry further the work begun by the five primary groups: Western Mountainlover (Pachystima). or mountain hedge—a low, dense, handsome evergreen shrub with oval, finetoothed leaves under an inch long.

Mountain Spirca. a mediumsized shrub with small, thin leaves', slender branches.

and a delicate plume of very small white flowers.

Oregon Grape, or trailing barberry, a groundclinging, evergreen shrub with rather large, pricklyedged leaves often spotted with rust. It bears clusters of berries that

are edible and blue when ripe.

Rocky Mountain Juniper, the well known red cedar of high places. Various

is rated high as aplants take minor parts in soil production—a recent discovery, which

lesson taught by the observation of nature.

From its wide distribution, another that may contribute to soilmaking is the slenderstemmed, currantleaved, whiteflowered shrub called the Ninebark. It is about

three feet high, with long branches, and lightcolored shreddy bark: leaves rounded,

heartshaped at base. 5-lobed. doubly sawtoothed with rounded teeth, densely covered

with minute hairs, and about three inches long: the fruit—dry. hairy seeds enclosed in the

calyx ( Physocarpus. five species) lobes—develops into a bell shape.

946 IMPROVEMENT ERA

II. Present specimens of any six of the following:

Alpine Floral Beauties Name Leaves Flowers Parry's primula. Large, thick, entire, Large, purple, on long stems.

smooth, basal, with a rank odor.

Globe Flower, Trollius. Smooth, shining, deeply Large, white, lilylike.

cut.

Caltha, Marsh Marigold. Smooth, thickish, round or White or pink.

oblong.

Little Red Elephant. Fernlike, cut into narrow Spike of little red and white.

Elephantella. Pedicularis. lobes; basal on stems, upElephant heads'.

per sessile.

Bistort (Polygonum). Long, narrow, sheathing Rose color or white, in dense

Spikeflowered Knotweed. the stem, which is jointed. spike at top of stem.

Adonis Buttercup. Twice parted like a bird's Shining golden.

foot.

Cowslip. Shooting Star. Oblong, crowded on root Pink, nodding, with yellow

Dodecatheon. crown, deep green, entire. beak (stamens).

Douglas Virgin Bower. Large, twice divided, dark Deep purple bells.

green.

Alpine Jacob's Ladder. Plant 2 to 6 inches high; Blue, with gold stamens;

Polemonium Viscosum. a mat. heavy scented.

Leaves with 30 to 40 leaflets.

Tall Polemoniums. Tall stem9 with ladderlike Blue or white.

leaves.

Mat Sweet William. Dense, low mat, with long White or light blue, showy.

Phlox Caespitosa. stems.

Leaves narrow, sharppointed.

Alpine Spring Beauty. Leaves fleshy, from thick, Large, profuse, white with

Claytonia Megarrhiza. spindleshaped root, which pinkish veins.

goes deep.

Gordon's Horkelia. Leaflets in 10 to 20 pairs, Yellowish, roselike, flat-

4 to 8 inches high. each cut into linear lobes. topped clusters.

Grass of Parnassus. Smooth, entire, from roots, Petals white, fringed below

4 to 8 inches high; in very a single, clasping leaf at the middle; sterile stamens

wet places. middle of stem. united into a ring.

Fragile Rock Fern. Fronds 5-12 inches long, Spores—brown spots on unFilix fagilis. twice cut into slender lobes. dersides of fronds. In shade.

Woodsia Rock Fern. Fronds 4 to 8 inches high,

Woodsia Scopulina. in dense masses on exposed

rocks.

Indian Root. Thick, fragrant roots, White or yellow in umbels

Pseudocymopterus. crowned by thincut naron stems that rise above the

(Medicinal) row, carrottop leaves 4 to leaves.

1 2 inches long.

NATIVE PLANTS AS FRIENDS AND FOES 947

A detailed description of these and other alpine plants is given by the author in the Young Woman's Journal for August.

That certain trees and shrubs, and even certain grasses and herbs, can prevent floods has been shown by observation. Their

propagation along streams and on hillsides might, as they grow, solve the problems of flood prevention in the Rocky Mountains. The

following project is therefore of unusual interest and value.

III. Present leaf specimens of any ten of the following:

Rocky Mountain Flood Preventers

Tree or Shrub (S) Where Chiefly Found Rank in Flood Prevention

Western Mt. Lover (S). Cool hillsides. First.

Lanceleaf Cottonwood. Northern canyons. First.

Fountain Birch. On canyon streams. First.

Western Black Willow. On canyon streams. First.

Sandbar Willow (S). In streams or near. First.

Fragrant Sumach (S). Near streams. First.

Watson or other Willows Near streams. Second.

Fendler's Wild Rose (S). Streams, hillsides. Second.

Nuttall Willow. Streams, hillsides. Second.

Dogwood. Kinnikinnick By streams. Second.

(S).

Twinberry Honeysuckle By streams. Second.

(S).

Elderberries (S). Hillsides, streams. Second.

Western Mt. Ash. Hillsides, streams. Second.

Mountain Myrtle (S). Hillsides, streams. Second.

All Western Oaks. Hillsides, streams. Third.

Mountain Sugar Maple. Hillsides, streams. Third.

Dwarf Maple. High places. Third.

Siberian Juniper (S). High places. Third.

Alpine Fir. High places. Third.

IV. Present leaf specimens of any ten of the following.

Western Shrubs Suitable for Gardens

Handsome Native Shrubs Identified by:

Twinberry Honeysuckle Black, twin, bitter berries with red hoods.

Redosier Dogwood. Clusters of white or blue berries: red stems.

Elderberry, Blue or Red. Walnut leaves; blue or red berries.

Fragrant Sumach. Flat, red, acid berries; 3-lobed leaves.

Walnutleaf Sumach. Brown upright clusters of dry berries.

Fendler's Rose. Tall, often 6 to 8 feet high.

Mountain Lover. Small shining evergreen; leaves oval.

948 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Handsome Native Shrubs Identified by

Snowberty. Pairs? of white berries: small, thin leaves.

Western Clematis. Climber; large purple flowers; virgin bower.

Creosote Bush. Fernlike leaves, strong scent. Southern.

Indian Arrow Bush. Straight shoots. Southern leafy shrub.

Golden Rabbit Brush. Long slender leaves; yellow, rayless fls.

Oregon Grape. Trailing: leaves prickly; berries blue.

Mountain Myrtle. Thick, dark green, varnished leaves.

Rocky Mt. Juniper. Cedar with bark in scales, not strips.

Oaks. Sages, Willows, Currant, Gooseberries, and Southern Ash, Manzanita, an.l

Trumpet Willow are other species that thrive in cultivation.

V. Present leaf or wood specimens of any ten of the following:

Western Timber and Fuel Wood Name of Tree Striking Features for Identification. Used Chiefly For:

Douglas Fir. Cone scales with 3-tined bracts; soft green Best timber.

leaves, red buds, scaly reddish bark.

Lodgepole Pine. Leaves two in cluster; tall, straight. Ship masts.

Yellow Pine. Leaves 5-11 inches long, three in a cluster. Best lumber.

Limber Pine. Short leaves, five in a cluster; Mt. tops. Fuel; posts.

posts. Foxtail Pine. Very short leaves, 5 in cluster—long plumes. Fuel;

White Fir. Leaves 2 in. long, flat, silvery; cones green. Fair timber.

Alpine Fir. Leaves 1 in. long, flat, cones chocolateviolet. Mine props.

Mt. Mahogany. Leaves leathery, small; seeds longtailed. Fuel.

Oaks. Leaves lobed; acorns; rough bark. Posts, poles.

Engelmann Spruce. Leaves small, sharp, soft; limbs droop. Finishing lum.

Blue Spruce. Leaves larger, stiff, sharp; limbs rise. Finishing lum.

Mt. Sugar Maple. Opposite, 5-lobed leaves; rough bark. Strong poles.

Rocky Mt. Juniper. Bark in small scales; good form. Posts; fuel.

Desert Juniper. Bark in long, rusty strips. Posts; fuel.

LanceLeaf CotLeaves narrow, longpointed, Fuel. Poles.

tonwood.

Fremont CottonLeaves heartshaped; Southern. Fuel. Poles.

wood.

Aspen (Quaking) Leaves round, trembling; bark whitish. Fuel. Poles.

PeachedLeaved Leaves lanceshape, shining white beneath. Fuel. Poles.

Willow.

VI. Present leaf specimens of any ten of the following:

Western Food Plants Trees and Shrubs Herbs. Grasses. Fungi.

Serviceberry. Blackberries. Spring Waterleaf. Foliage.

Chokecherry. Blackcherries. Hops. Seeds.

Thimbleberry Blackberries. Wild Onions. Bulbs.

Salmonberry. Redberries. Oyster Plant. Shoots,

Elderberry. Blue. Red. Mustards. Leaves.

NATIVE PLANTS AS FRIENDS AND FOES 94?

Trees and Shrubs Herbs. Grasses Fu

Buffalobcrry. Bright red. Pigweeds. Leaves.

Huckleberry. Bright red. Buckwheats. Seeds.

Currants Red. Black. Sunflowers. Seeds.

Gooseberry. Red. Cattail Flag. Roots.

Strawberry. Red. Sego Lily. Bulbs.

Oregon Grape. Blue. Water Cress. Stems.

Limber Pine. Nuts. Ephedra. Leaves.

Singleleaf Pinyon. Nuts. Mt. Myrtle. Leaves.

Pinyon Pine. Nuts. Bottle Stem. Stems.

Raspberries. Red. Black. Mushrooms. Tops.

Haws. Black. And others.

VII. Present leaf specimens of any ten of the following

Western Plants Used in Medicine

Plant Part Used Used For Junipers. Berries (fleshy cones). Scarlet fever.

Yarrow. Leaves, seeds. Bruises, fevers.

Hoarhound. Leaves, seeds. Coughs.

Mints. Leaves, seeds. Hot drinks.

Burdock. Roots. Blood purifier.

Sour Docks. Seeds. Blood purifier.

Mustards. Seeds. Plasters.

Dogwood (Kinnikinnick) Bark. Tonic; fevers.

Chokecherry. Bark. Tonic; fevers.

Aspen. Bark. Tonic; fevers.

Alder. Bark. Tonic; fevers.

Sagebrush. Leaves. Tonic; stimulant.

Indian Root. Roots. Diphtheria; fever.

Creosote Bush. Leaves. Antiseptic.

Wintergreen. Leaves, seeds. Perfume.

Frazer's Gentian (Elk Roots. Tonic.

weed).

Gum Plant. Heads. Liniment.

Monskhood (Aconite). Seeds. Liniment.

Catnip. Seeds. Nerve tea.

Licorice Root. Root. Flavoring.

Sweet Cicely. Seeds. Flavoring.

Fennel. Seeds. Nerve tea.

Medicinal plants used by Western Indians include many other species, not new used as household remedies. Those named above are often encountered and are somewhat familiar as medicine plants.

The five other plants, signs of overgraz- groups—poisonousing, ornamental flowers,

reserved for future presentation.—are plants of mystery, grasses and other forage

Top: Antoine R. Ivins, manager of the Laie Plantation, who vouches for the

facts in this story.

Center: Some of the human bones and the bathing trunks taken from the

shark's stomach.

Bottom: Hamana Kalili and the shark herein described.

The ManEating Shark By P. V. Cardon

William Bccbe, noted naturalist, recently completely exhausted that Kalili and his was quoted in press dispatches as having helper were able to tow him to shallow satisfied himself that there is no foundawater by means of the small line. Then

tion for a belief in maneating sharks. a rope was tied around the shark's tail

It is not my desire to take issue with and he was anchored to a stone set in the

Mr. Beebe. I am disposed to accept his sand of the seashore.

authoritative opinion on this question. "As the Hawaiians do not eat shark

But I can present incontrovertible evidence meat, Kalili's first impulse was to set the that at least one shark ate a man; or, shark adrift; but, on second thought, he

to be more exact, parts of a man's body. decided his white friend, Joseph Musser,

On May 18. 1925. a private soldier bookkeeper on Laie Plantation, should be

in the army of the United States, stationed allowed to see the strange catch.

in Hawaii, was bathing in the bay near "Summoned over the telephone, Musser

Halei'wa. Suddenly he screamed, disaplost no time in joining Kalili and his

peared beneath the surface, and never again helper. The shark's great size prompted

was seen. Musser, in turn, to summon some of his

Sixteen days later the trunks he had friends. Returning to Laie, he got his

been wearing when he disappeared, towife, me and my wife, a 'Mormon'elder gether with a human skull and a number of the name of Morrell, and some Samoan of bones identified as human, were found friends who said they would like to get

In the stomach of a large shark, caught the shark meat, as they were not at all accidentally by a fisherman off the coast averse to eating it.

from Kahuku Plantation's Philippine "We all went over and found the shark camp. in the shallow water just off from Kahuku

The facts pertaining to this incident Plantation's Philippine camp.

were given me in December, 1927, by "Leaving Laie in such a hurry, none of

Antoine R. Ivins, manager of Laie Planus had thought to fetch a tape measure,

tation, which adjoins Kahuku Plantation, so when we fell to discussing the size of on the island of Oahu. the shark we could satisfy our curiosity

Mr. Ivins helped to land the shark, was only by measuring with a piece of Kalili's

present when the shark's stomach was line and then measuring this piece upon opened, and he helped secure an identifiour return to the plantation.

cation of the bathing trunks found in the "By this means we discovered that the stomach. This is the story he told me: shark measured 12 feet 6 inches long, and

"On the second of June, 1925, Hamana was of the heavyset order. I would say

Kalili set out a 500foot line equipped he was as large around as a fairsized Jersey with about 150 hooks, baited with pieces yearling heifer."

of squid (octopus.) He was fishing for It was natural for Ivins to make this

ulua. His line was made of cotton, and comparison. He is a great lover of aniwas about threefourths the cross section mals and, next to thoroughbreds and Kenof a lead pencil in size. tucky saddlers, he loves Jersey cattle best.

"Next day, with a Filipino helper, "The shark was still in the water,"he he went out to draw in his line and take continued, "and was not yet dead, though off his catch. nearly so. As seven men could not pull

"Imagine Kalili's surprise to find a it out of the water, we had to wait for large shark fast to the line! He was the waves to float it, and then heave to

hooked in the tail, and by that time so get it upon the shore. After it was up

952 IMPROVEMENT ERA

a short distance, we put the rope under for Dr. Buffet, Kahuku Plantation's

the shark's body, anchored it to a rock physician.

in the sand, and then rolled it beyond "When the doctor arrived he removed reach of the waves. all doubt. We were indeed viewing the

"By this time the shark was so nearly remains of a human being!

dead that it offered no opposition, al- "Further search uncovered the bones of though it still had enough life to open both upper arms, both the bones of each and shut its mouth spasmodically: and forearm, most ail of the bones of the left

when its eyes were touched it would flinch. hand, except the thumb, the top of the

When completely out of head from about the the water, it soon died. eyes back to and includ-

"Our Samoan friends ing the bones by which now proceeded with the the head connects to the aid of th#ir cane knives spinal column, a wad (machetes) to get some of black hair about of the shark meat. three inches long, and

some trunks made by "The loins of the cutting the legs from a shark were fully as thick as a good beef loin, and pair of men drawers.

did not look bad at all. Mr. Shark had eaten a

"When the viscera man!

poured out on the "You can imagine, ground, it wasi plain perhaps*, how we felt that Mr. Shark had upon making this disjust enjoyed a good covery. To say it was

meal, and I suggested uncanny would be putto a Samoan tha t he ting it mildly.

open the stomach. "It was interesting

"The first thing to to note the different appear was a large ulua, reactions to our discovweighing perhaps twenery. The Hawaiian

tyfive pounds. Then who caught the shark

followed another, algiggled the whole time, most as large. It was as if to cover his emevident that they had barrassment; but his

not been in the stomPhilippine helper show- (uluas) taken from tb The two fish ach of the shark very ed little emotion. The shark's stomach

long, for each had one Samoans were plainly or more hooks in its mouth, indicating uncomfortable; the doctor was full of interthat the shark had taken them from the est but, at the same time, impressed with

line which, strangely enough, later caught the terrible fate that some poor fellow had him. The scales of these fish, and some suffered. One of the party, at least, was

of their flesh, were partly dissolved by the so sick that he was nauseated most of shark's stomach juices. the night. Others failed to sleep much.

"Next we noticed wrapped around one As for myself, I could not forget the sight of the fish something which looked like for days.

a piece of burlap. Then we saw a nice "We sent the bones and the clothing

large lobster, almost whole. Then folto the sheriff at Honolulu. Since the trunks

lowed some long bones which were plainstill bore a laundry mark, identification ly not fish bones. We examined two or of the shark's victim was possible.

three of these, and decided they were hu- "They proved to be the drawers of a man. To make certain, however, I sent private soldier who, sixteen days before,

MANEATING SHARK 953

had disappeared while bathing in the bay opened up to 18x20 inches. My

near Haleiwa. He had uttered a scream shoulders are only about 17 inches broad.

and disappeared beneath the surface, never so you see I would be easy for such a to reappear. fish.

"In view of the fact that in that neigh- "But what became of the ribs, shoulder borhood several other persons have been blades, back bone and pelvis, if the whole drowned, and their bodies never recovered, body was swallowed? As the bones found

ours was an extremely interesting diswere almost dissolved, it is not impossible covery. that the others had already been absorbed.

"Of course there was much speculation Then, too, it is possible that the large as to just what had happened. Dr. Bufbones had been thrown out through the

mouth after the meat was absorbed."fet seemed inclined to believe that the

In any event, there were human bones shark dismembered the body and ate only in this shark's stomach. There were also

the limbs and the head. If this were some bathing trunks which had been worn

the case, how did the shark get the trunks by a soldier who had disappeared beneath into his stomach? the water, screaming.

"I am of the impression that the shark The reader must decide for himself swallowed the entire body, head first. whether this was a maneating shark, or

This would have been possible, as his whether he is to be remembered only as a jaws, which we took home with us, shark which ate a man.

The AfterGlow

Light, diffusive golden light!

See how it streams from yonder setting sun!

light! Wide beams of light—radiant glowing

Up from the horizon, up to the zenith.

Broad bands of fanshaped rays1! rays—great Mark how that cloud, banded in warp and woof of flame.

Burns just above the darkened western hills!

And, underneath, like ocean billows rocking.

The seagreen vapors tremulously wait,

Embosoming the sun in their embrace!

Farewell, O Sun! Goodbye! goodbye!

What glory thus to die!

How red upon the lingering cloud the afterglow!

How radiant now the saffrontinted west!

Long twilight creeps from off the eastern mount

Across arroya, mesa, and the vale.

Across the Rio Grande dunes and groves.

And in the western desert greets the night.

Yet light still lingers on the radiant cloud,

And on the river's ripples flashes red.

Farewell, thou afterglow!

Farewell, the twilight hour!

Thus hour by hour the afterglow

Shall follow on its course around the world.

So man may live, and leave behind an afterglow

Of all his virtues for his fellowman!

Mauwood. Ca'.forna Joseph Longk:ng Townsend

Without a Chance By Carter E. Grant, Principal Jordan Seminary

Opportunity "They do me wrong who say I come no more

When once I knock and fail to find you in;

For every day I stand outside your door,

And bid you wake, and rise to fight and win.

"Wail not for precious chances passed away,

Weep not for golden ages on the wane!

Each night I burn the records of the day

At sunrise every soul is born again!"- Walter Malone.

"Well, for goodness sake, Fannie! Look "Now, dear,"began the wife encouragwhose picture now!"And Richard Alingly, "your work has been different from

good leaned over in his kitchen chair so Joe's. Who knows though; you may have

his young wife, who was gently rocking a chance to go to school yet. Remember,

the baby to sleep, might get a better look I've always said we didn't fit in here."

at the paper he had brought with him And as she hesitated, she hugged the baby from the little town. "What do you boy then said teasingly, "But, you were

know about that?"he continued, "Prindetermined to get married and married we

cipal of an L. D. S. seminary! I always got; and here are our children. Maybe

knew Joe'd make good."But even as you could trade us toward an education

the young man spoke, there came over him and your picture in the paper."

a deep feeling of disappointment. As "There you are, dear, throwing humor

Fannie read, two little tots playing on the and sauciness in your usual manner, just floor jumped up beside the mother to get at the time when I feel the most discourtheir share of the news. aged,"and he looked into her twinkling

The wife finished reading and looked eyes while his own lost their gloominess.

up pleasantly. "Now, Richard, from "Now, Richard,"Fannie continued,

your looks one would think you were "you're but thirty, and goodness knows, jealous, but of course I know you're not. there's lots of time for a college education

You can't help it that Joe had a chance yet. I've not given up the thought of

to go on to school, and you haven't."your going to school, you know that. But

"I know it, dear, and there's where the we've talked about it so often and done trouble is. Joe and you and I graduated nothing that the very power to do seems

from high school the same year; and now to be deserting us."

he is principal of a seminary, good pay "Now, you've struck it, Fannie! Wantthe year around, can spend all his time ing to do something all the time and not

studying and going forward, and always having the power, confuses and disturbs knowing he has a good payday coming. me, and when I go at my work again, I'm

On the other hand here we are, stuck all restless and can't plan straight. Now

away off up here in Idaho. This dry I won't be able to get this thing out of

farm business, especially for a renter, is my mind for days. It'll just stick with

mighty hard rowing. Every time I see me. I've always wanted to be—well, you

anyone making good in the educational know what I mean; but there's four years

field, I do have a struggle with jealously college work between me and there."

and feel like throwing up everything and And, as they sat a moment in silence, Richstarting to college, but that's folly, for we ard leaned forward and kissed the plump haven't a thing to go on."hand of his baby boy. Then he declared

WITHOUT A CHANCE 955

more forcefully, "No sir, I wouldn't trade been thinking? Now listen. Why not

you and the children for all the college make a start on your college work? You

courses."At this Fannie reached out her could do a lot this winter. Don't say

hand to meet Richard's, and for a few anything to anyone, just start right out!"

minutes there was heard no other voice "You don't want me to start right out than that of the October storm driving on foot and alone in this storm do you?"

in from the north in real wintry fashion. "Now, Richard, listen until you're sure

Presently the wife arose to tuck the baby I'm through. Miss Chandler, our new

away for its morning sleep, and Richard school teacher for the upper grades, told busied himself piling wood into the me the other day she had spent only part kitchen range. As they seated themselves of a year at college and that she

again the husband continued, "It's a good had got the rest of her two years by exthing I took Alice to school this morning. tension, mostly through correspondence

A mile walk in this kind of weather work. She is taking work now by corwould have drenched everything she had respondence, and it's from the university,

on. It looks like we are in for an early too. Just as good credit she declares as

winter all right. Listen to that wind, though it were taken right at college!

won't you!"Hundreds of teachers, she says, are doing

"Let me tell you about a piece I was the same thing. The courses are not exreading the other night."began the wife. pensive, and you could do your work right

"It declared that even if a person failed here. Now what do you say if wc start?

again and again when he was doing his I said 'we,'because you know I'd like best, that the new strength of character to help out."

gained became the measure of his true suc- "But. Fannie, I've never known that a

cess, and that this new additional attainuniversity gave credit toward a degree ment formed a fresh station or a new through correspondence. I've heard of exsupply house, as it were, for further extension credits, but not by mail!"

cursions toward power and triumph. I "Well, whether you've heard of it or

have been thinking just now, that this not, I know it's a fact, because Miss might fit your case. Richard, for you are Chandler showed me some of her papers

much farther ahead than you were a few and the questions she had to answer. They

years ago, even if you have not had a looked hard, but I suppose when the text chance to go to college. Then, besides, was read answers could be found. It

you mustn't forget your missionary excouldn't hurt anything to get a letter off periences and the years of work you have on this noon mail, explaining what you done in a Church way here at home, wished and they'll tell you just what to they've all helped out."do."

"I know it, dear,"the husband reRichard jumped to his feet and went plied. "We should be thankful for all we to the sideboard drawer. Out came a large

have. I know, too, that thoughts of fear envelope from the University of Utah.

and doubt never can accomplish anything: "Here's their extension catalogue! It came

they inevitably lead toward failure. I've while we were thrashing, and I've never

always noticed that when doubts and fears even opened it. If they give correspondcreep in. that strong thoughts of purpose ence courses they certainly will be menand power slip out; that a person seems tioned here."

to move forward fearlessly toward success They hadn't long to search. Before their

provided he lets his better thoughts beanxious eyes were dozens of extension come a sort of creative force within, all courses, with those that might be studied the time saying and believing he's on the by correspondence especially marked.

road to win. I came almost quoting Theie was also a plain statement that one-

—James'drivenaboutby thea personwind andthattossed.'lacks faith, halftakentheby hoursextension.toward a degree might be

"Say, Richard, do you know what I've "Great Scott, Fannie, I almost feel as 956 IMPROVEMENT ERA

if I were being graduated today! Why he had registered for more work. With

haven't I been taking extension work the coming of spring, he had to ease up a ever since I came from a mission?"bit, still by fall he had completed his third

An hour later when the mail man group of subjects and was ready for ancalled, Richard had filled in three subjects other hard winter of study.

on one of the enclosed registration cards. "Look, dear,"reminded his wife, "it's

He took three because he was so far from just a year today since we began college.

headquarters that he never wanted to be Think of it! And here we are with just

without plenty of material to work upon. a year's work done, as much as you

He took three also because he was deterwould get by going one whole winter to mined that by the first of the year he the university. Now if you can do as

should have fifteen hours university credit well in the next year, we will be able to to his name. move down near the folks while you

It is peculiar how in the affairs of teach. Oh, I daren't think about it; but

life one seems at times to begin anew, sometimes I can't help it, for I just see counting future dates and successes from myself living near mother and dropping important events or decisions. This case in upon the folks every few days in place

day of once a year or once in two years."was to be no exception to the rule—a

of days for this young couple. An auto stopped in the yard. "Come

"So you're doing university work, too?"in,"Richard called as the visitor began

It was the mail man speaking, a few days knocking. It was Mr. Allen, chairman of

later, as he held out a package of books the district school board, who. after a

and a bulging envelope to Richard. "When hearty handshake with Fannie, took the

I heard you talking at our last stake conproffered chair and began, "We received a ference on Boy Scout work, I said to my!ong-d!stan:c telephone message this mornwife that I'd bet you's educated. Well, ing from Miss Chandler, our upper grade

success to you,"he called as his sputterteacher: she's reported on the sick list. I

ing car carried him down the sage brush called the county superintendent who lane toward the nearest house, a half mile suggested we see you and ask you to take distant. the school for a few days, until Miss

I guess A few minutes later, father and mother Chandler returns. He said—and and the three little tots were all doing I'll have to tell you what he did say—well,

"college work;"the older ones with books he said that he knew you could handle

and questions, the youngsters with strings the work all right for his brother is in and papers. All were happy beyond excharge of the university.extension work,

pression. and when the superintendent was down to

Never did a couple work harder, and the school recently your work and marks seldom did there arrive at the university were shown him. He said for me to come

extension division papers more nearly right over and get you to start this morncorrect or more neatly prepared. From ing if possible. What do you think about

the very start. Richard's work carried every it?"

stamp of a regular "college man's"efforts. Fannie looked at Richard with a glowOne thing that made for accuracy was the ing "Yes."and Richard looked at Mr.

fact that every paper was carefully checked Allen and as calmly as possible accepted, by Fannie. Her native tendency toward saying that he would be glad to put a

exactness became an inspiring aid to Richlittle of his theory into practice.

ard. But that wasn't all; she was read- "Didn't I tell you it was coming?"

ing enough so she could enter intelligently half shouted the good wife as soon as the into his daily program of thought and car began moving away. "And this isn't

study. Due to the fact that Richard had the last chance either! For just as sure as

set practically everything aside for his you become qualified. I know things will

college courses, his progress was excepbegin coming our way."

tional. Even before the appointed time, All the students knew Mr. Algood, espeWITHOUT A CHANCE 957

cially the Scouts, and when he entered the calves. Now if we can find a parttime

room, every child wore a grin of contentschool, we can make it."

ment, and the day's work was soon A week before summer school began.

buzzing along merrily. In fact, that whole Mr. and Mrs. Algood and five children

week slipped by rapidly and yet no word landed at Grandma Nelson's home. A

from Miss Chandler. Just as the children few days later they were comfortably

were preparing for home on Friday aftersituated in a couple of large rooms of a noon, however, the county superintendent nearby house, and because they had no and Mr. Allen came riding up. After a "modern conveniences"but the electric

few minutes'consultation with Mr. Allights, these were secured at a very low

gooti. the superinendfcnt began. "How figure.

many of you children have liked Mr. Al- A letter of recommendation from Richgood as a teacher? How would. you like ard's former superintendent and also one

him to stay with you all winter?"The from the university helped secure the destudents fairly shouted acceptance. "Miss sired halfday teaching position. By sellChandler, was not sick, just homesick, I ing the cows the family made it through

guess, for we received word this morning the first year nicely. The dry farm crops,

that she is to be married and will not however, were not very good; so there was

return to her work."practically nothing realized from that

When Richard arrived home and told source.

Fannie the news, she gave him such a hug The last summer and winter proved and smack that he declared himself repaid to be the hardest struggle. Then, too.

for the effort he had thus far expended anothei addition had come to the family, toward his degree. making an even half dozen children. The

money from parttime teaching proved inThe winter passed pleasantly. The new sufficient.

instructor seemed to be an inspiration to "It looks like I'd have to quit. Fannie."

the students and they did their best. Bebegan Richard. "The spring quarter starts

cause of this success, Mr. Algood was in ten days, and it means about thirty

given the school the next year with a dollars for books and tuition. The chilsubstantial raise in salary. Although dren are without clothes, the doctor bill

teaching cut down his college work somemust be met. I should have a suit, you

what, he was able by working long hours also must have something to wear. Even

to make a very creditable showing when if I don't graduate this spring. I can next.

the two years of teaching were passed. If we had about two hundred dollars extra.

"I have all the hours allowed by exwe could make it."

tension work,"Richard finally said. "The "Oh, how I hate to think of stopping,

rest toward my degree must be done in only one quarter away from graduation, residence courses: that is, I must do it and then to wait a whole year! Mr.

while attending some college. Possibly, if Hansen had a wonderful crop this year.

I could attend summer school this year. I I believe if you wrote him explaining all

could get a school this next winter where the conditions, that he would let us

I could carry on my work toward graduaborrow two hundred dollars. You are

tion while teaching part time. We've got sure to have a good position as soon as

enough money to see us through this sumyou are through school."

mer, and if we can't get a school down A letter was written to Mr. Hansen and

there, we can at least come back here. I in due time the two hundred dollars came.

was talking to Mr. Hansen yesterday and The amount was received with prayers and

he said he had another renter for the farm tears of thanksgiving.

who would be glad to give us our share The spring quarter passed. Richard and

in the crops this fall if we decided to go his fellowgraduates, with caps and gowns, away. Mr. Hansen has also offered me paraded past the shouting crowds. "There's

four hundred dollars for the cows and rny wife and kiddies, now, look!"

958 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Great Scott, Dick, I knew you were for me to be sure and snap you before married, but I certainly didn't know you you discarded your cap and gown."The

had a flock like that! How have you reporter touched his hat and was gone.

ever made it? I've had a tough time with Husband and wife stood looking at each

no wife or children to support. You other, and unconsciously tears came into

must have a rich uncle somewhere."their eyes and said what neither could exRichard heard no more, for he was now press with words.

even with his wife and family and was A few days later there appeared in the vigorously waving to each member of his paper another picture. This time, not

group. He caught the happy cheers of his only a man credited with a noble achievewife and older children as he passed into

ment, but the picture of a persevering wife the lecture hall.

and family as well who had so bravely "The superintendent of the Church schools just saw me,"exclaimed Fannie at faced adversity. The accompanying short

the close of the exercises, "and he said biography also said that Richard Algood there has been some changes in a nearby had been chosen principal of a certain seminary. He wants to see you this afterseminary.

noon. He insisted that the children and I The comment closed by quoting James

come also."Fannie's face was flushed Allen's famous lines from "As a Man

with excitement. Thinketh."

"Here, I want your pictures, all of you, "The vision that you glorify in your in your that's it, just stand a little closer—thank mind, the ideal that you enthrone

will build your life by. you. The president of the college said heart—this you

Sandy, Utah this you will become!"

Enduring Landmarks

You say that our landmarks are vanishing fast,

That the things which were sacred and pure,

A large part of men's lives in the days that are past,

Do not enter our lives any more.

You say that the water that once was a brook

Now must flow in a pipe down the hill.

But you cannot forget that the water still flows,

And, though hidden from sight, always will.

Human nature, old as the rocks and the hills,

Will not change though the hills pass away;

And true love is as sacred with youths of our time

As it was with the youth yesterday.

Cedar City, Utah R. Reid Cox

Mrs. Janet M. Smith. Holding Her One Hundredth Grandchild

A FRUITFUL BOUGH Presented herewith is the picture of Mrs. mills and assisting in the construction of

Janet M. Smith, holding on her lap her railroads, but he was entrusted with the

hundredth grandchild. The Era is inspiritual direction of the Church memdebted to Bishop John H. Udall, of bership, presiding over the Snowflake stake

Phoenix, Arizona, for the picture and also for many years.

for a brief account of the life of this worthy Besides being the mother of thirteen chilpioneer. dren, and raising eleven of them to

Sister Smith went from Parowan, Utah, maturity, Sister Smith waited on hundreds to Snowflakc. Arizona, in the early of mothers at childbirth. In addition she

eighties with her husband. President Jesse wove carpets, made straw hats and in other

N. Smith, one of the stalwarts of the ways did her part during those strenuous

Church in redeeming the waste places of pioneer days. She has one hundred grandthe south. Not only did he play an imchildren and sixtythree greatgrand-

portant role in the country's physical dechildren.

velopment, building reservoirs, canals, grist

Messages from the Missions "Come home with your heads up. Keep yourselves clean, from the crown of your

return bowed down inheads to the soles of your fee;.; be pure in heart.—otherwise you will

spirit and with a fallen countenance, and will feel as though you never could rise again."

Brigham Young.

President Heber J. Grant in West Virginia

The missionaries and members of the livered an inspirational discourse on the

West Virginia South district was highly theme of "An Uneducated but Converted honored with a three days'visit from PresMinistry."The other sessions of conident Heber J. Grant and Henry H. Rolapp, ference were held Sunday morning and

mission president, who arrived Saturday afternoon in the L. D. S. chapel at Charlesmorning, May 1 9. in Charleston. Satton, both services being well attended.

urday afternoon a Priesthood meeting was Sunday evening President Grant delivered conducted by President Rolapp, who imhis concluding talk to a large congregation parted some excellent counsel and advice to in the L. D. S. chapel at Huntington, West

the missionaries. Each missionary gave a Virginia.

brief report of work done and bore testiThe Church members of West Virginia mony to the restored Gospel. President considered themselves highly blessed be-

"5-.- *, * m

*\ * r *V rf f

*5 sSf* I *f* w;

Missionaries of West Virginia South District

Front row, left to right: Mark K. Allen, mission secretary; President Heber J. Grant.

Mission President Henry H. Rolapp; Sterling Magleby, district president of West Virginia

South district; Middle row: Leonard D. Bellamy, presiding elder; Blanche Cole, Cora

Gardner. Merle Kimball, Phyllis Palmer, O. C. Dunsford, field representative. Third row:

Harold Lester. Dean K. Christensen. John D. Anderson, D. Elmer Stoker (Southern States);

Hamilton S. Carlston. Clarence L. Romrell and James Ball.

Grant also attended the meeting and gave cause of President Grant's visit, it being the some very timely advice on the law of first time a president of the Church has obedience. ever visited this part of the Lord's vineThe first session of conference was held yard.

Saturday night, and President Grant deConference was continued with anothet

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 961

session in Huntington Monday evening; the near future, either being honorably reseveral of the missionaries spoke in this leased or transferred to some other district.

session, followed by President Henry H. District President Sterling Magleby conRolapp, who delivered a splendid sermon ducted all meetings. Each was an inspira

to the Saints on "How to Preach the tion and power for good, and the conferGospel by Living It."The concluding ence as a whole was a splendid reflection ol

session of conference was held in the L. D. the encouraging work done in this district.

S. chapel at Vcrdunville. The missionaries The missionaries all express their appreciwho were given opportunities to speak in ation of the Improvement Era. It is

the conference sessions were, Sister Phyllis invaluable as an aid and companion in putPalmer, Blanche Cole, Merle Kimball, Cora ting the message of the restored Gospel

Gardner and Elders Dean K. Christensen, before the people. Leonard D. Bellamy.

O C. Dunsford and Leonard D. Bellamy, presiding elder of the West Virigina

all of whom are leaving West Virginia in district.

Encouraging Word from North Dakota

District President Myron A. Jackson, the elders have been laboring recently

writing from Grand Forks, North Dakota, among the scattered members in the westhas the following to say: "Missionaries of ern part of North Dakota and the Lamanite

the North Dakota district send greetings members of the Church in the eastern part to their fellowworkers throughout the of Montana. They arc very much enworld and friends and relatives at home. couraged with the results there. Five were

The Lord has blessed us exceedingly in the baptized in the month of June and anwork in this part of his vineyard and we other baptismal service is planned for the are striving diligently to merit the blessings near future. Both these brethren agree thai

which he has showered upon us. Two of nowhere is the Spirit of the Lord made

II i

1, % f. '! % tifjl

Missionaries of North Dakota District

Front row, left to right: Mellie Ogden, Mission President John G. Allred. David O.

McKay, of the Council of the Twelve; Myron A. Jackson, district president: Lavctta Fugal.

Back row: First name omitted, Alton C. Bright, Bert L. Murphy. Lamont B. Gundersen.

Grant O. Cobbley.

962 IMPROVEMENT ERA

more manifest than it is among these two Primary Associations there and are

Lamanites1. Elders Alton C. Bright and assisting with the Sunday School and ReGrant O. Cobbley are opening up the work lief Society organizations, which are prein Crookston, Minnesota, and feel very sided over by local members. This mission

much encouraged with the prospects there. was recently favored by a visit from Elder

Elders Myron A. Jackson and Lamont

David O. McKay. The results of hisB. Gunderson, assisted by Sisters Nellie

Ogden and Lavetta Fugal, have been laborwork among missionaries, members and ing in Grand Forks. They are conducting investigators will be very far reaching."

A Religion Worth Having Mission Secretary Elwood G. Derrick spirit was displayed in an event which took

writes us from Portland, Oregon, under place in the community this spring, and date of July 12 as follows: "A recent which we feel is worthy of place in the Era.

colonization project by the members of our "Among those who are striving to wrest

Church has its center at Bynum, Montana. from the ground a livelihood in this com-

A branch under the direction of the Northmunity is a widow with a large family of western States mission, has been established, small children. With a large tract of land

with John E. Lee as president. An exto farm and with no one on whom she

ample of typical 'Mormon'community could rely to assist in the work, the tas'.:

Top: Relief Society Members of Bynum. Montana, who served lunch to the laborers in the

widow's field.

Bottom: Men and boys of Bynum, Montana, who tilled and sowed the widow's hundredacre field

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 963

of preparing the soil and planting the year's members, pictured also, contributed to the crop must have seemed a well nigh insurwork and served lunch to the men who mountable obstacle to the family's future were laboring in the field. Thirtyeight

wellbeing. One can readily imagine how men and fortyone women, seventynine

grateful this oppressed little woman must in all. contributed to the day's work.

have felt when the entire community gathThat night as the little mother looked ered to do for her what she could not do eastward over her fields, instead of one for herself. hundred acres of barren land that she had

"The men brought their farming impleseen in the morning, she beheld a well ments on an appointed day and the women cultivated field; and with tears of gratigathered to hold their Relief Society mee;- tude in her eyes she uttered a prayer thjt

ing. Thirtyeight men brought with them God would send a rain that her crop might

fourteen tractors, seven fourhorse team>, grow and yield a sufficient harvest that her plows, harrows, discs, seeders and set to children might be clothed and fed during work in the hundredacre field belonging to the coming winter."

the widow. One of the accompanying That is the spirit of cooperation and unpictures gives an idea of the inspiring sight selfish service that develops communities

which these practical and kindly followers and the people at Bynum deserve to be conof Christ furnished. The Relief Society gratulated for possessing it.

Canadian Missionaries Optimistic

In a report dated July 9, District Presthe message of the restoration of the Gosident 'Maurice A. Jones writes encouragpel. Hundreds of tracts have been distribingly of the work and prospects in the uted and many Books of Mormon sold.

Montreal district. The elders have been Invitations to visit people in their homes

given the opportunity of holding street have been numerous and altogether the meetings on the busiest corner of the city elders feel very much encouraged in their and many people have stopped to listen to work.

Missionaries or the Montreal District. Canada

Sitting, left to right: Tbelma Hansen. Trcmonton. Utah; Maurice A. Jones, district

president. Provo, Utah; Vcrda Hansen, transferred to Vermont district, Malad. Idaho.

Standing: Dwayne Cornish, Franklin. Idaho: Irvin D. Zundel. Le Grand, Oregon: Albert

H. Peterson. Barnwell. Alberta.

964 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Nuremberg Scene of Interesting Conference

District President Hamlet C. Pulley sends our missionaries were banished and not a

us the following report of a conference few were cast into prison. Now all that

held in the ancient city of Nuremberg, Bais changed. During the past two or three

varia, Germany: "June 3 was the date years work has been commenced in a numof the first visit of the newly appointed ber of new fields where now we have

president of the SwissGerman mission promising branches', and it is expected that since his return to the field where he has this work will be continued as opportunity previously spent so many months. Other offers."

visitors were: Elder Phillip Tadje, father The city of Nuremberg, which still reof our mission president, Elder Thomas tains its ancient walls and moat, as well as

Biesinger, whose fourth foreign mission is the great castle erected by Conrad II and now drawing to a close and who is conFrederick Barbarossa, and other historic siderably more than four score years of age, edifices, is one of the most interesting in and Elder George Albert Smith, Jr., su Europe. It is rich in tradition. Albrecht

perintendent of the auxiliary organizations Durer and Melanchthon being only two of of the SwissGerman mission. These breththe wellknown characters whose home It

Missionaries and Auxiliary Officers of the Nuremberg District, Germany

ren, together with the traveling missionaries was. Wagner has made it famous in his

of this conference, came together and had a opera, "The Meistersingers of Nuremmost enjoyable and profitable time. The berg."In one of its old buildings are

prospects at the present are excellent and located many cruel devices, including the we expect to see many people come into "Iron Virgin"for torturing and doing the Church in the near future. away with the first Protestants. Present-

"We are particularly appreciative of the day tourists are also charmed with the defreedom which we now enjoy. In former lightful toys and dolls for which the city's

years Bavaria was extremely strict in all craftsmen are famed.

matters pertaining to religion and many of

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 965

Report of the Hull District Conference

The Hull district held its spring conferergy toward the building up of the ence in the "Thrift Halls."Grimsby. Linbranches. Missionary endeavors have

colnshire. England, on March 4. 1928. A consumed 13,621 hours of time; 1,243

goodly number of members, friends and hours have been spent in tracting, and 41,- investigators gathered from the four com329 tracts, 497 pamphlets, and 30 Books ponent branches of the district, to attend of Mormon have been distributed since last and enjoy the spirited meetings. President September, twelve candidates were baptized

John A. Widtsoe and Sister Leah D. Widtinto the Church—10 of whom were bapsoe were in attendance from the mission tized during the month of February, and 4

headquarters. The Book of Mormon was of this number were baptized in the waters

the theme in the morning session, and of the North Sea.

was ably rendered by Sunday School memThe interesting, instructive articles bers, in song, prose, and poetry. President found in the Improvement Era have served

and Sister Widtsoe, the traveling ciders and as a stimuli for greater activity in our local members from the various branches district. We take great pleasure in expressparticipated in the three sessions of the

conference. The nine traveling missioning our appreciation of it, and wish to

aries of the district have, during the winter convey our sincerest regards to its readers.months, concentrated their time and en-—Veronus M. Jensen, district president.

g$

Missionaries of the Hull District. England

Front row. left to right: Vaughn P. Sheffield, Kaysville: Veronus M. Jensen, district

president. Brigbam City; John A. Widtsoe. mission president, Salt Lake City; Leah D.

Widtsoe. president of mission Relief Societies and M. I. A. organizations: Rulon D. Barnes,

district clerk. Kaysville; De Lamar Holt, Salt Lake City. Back row: Roy Allen, Provo;

Frank C. S. Derrick. Salt Lake City; Elbert C. Kirkham. Salt Lake City; Ellis J. Yardley.

Beaver: Wesley B. Ward. Almo, Idaho.

Winter Work in Australia District President Clyde Oler, writing Sunday, just at the beginning of winter, from Adelaide. Ausralia. reports an interOur readers will understand that Australia

esting conference which was held on Easter has her winter at the time we are having 966 IMPROVEMENT ERA

summer. Mission President Charles H. excellent success in distributing the Book

Hyde and his wife were in attendance, as of Mormon, and declare, with all others, were also a large number of investigators that this book is the best testimony of the who were greatly impressed by the testidivinity of "Mormonism"that can be monies which were borne and the instrucgiven to the world.

tions given. The brethren are meeting with

Missionaries of the Adelaide District, Australia

Sitting, left to right: Chas. H. Hyde, mission president. Salt Lake City; Clyde Oler,

district president. Shelley, Idaho; Caroline S. Hyde, president mission Relief Societies. Standing: Stewart M. Rolling. Lyman, Wyoming; H. Bartlcy Heiner. Burntfork. Wyoming;

E. Ray Parson. Smithfield, Utah; L. Earl Manwaring. Provo, Utah.

"An individual who holds a share in the Priesthood, and continues faithful to his calling, who delights himself continually in doing the things God requires at his hands, and continues through life in the performance of every duty will secure to himself, not only the privilege of receiving, but the knowledge how to receive the things of God, that he may know the mind of God continually; and he will be enabled to discern

between right and wrong, between the things of God and the things that are not of God.

And the Priesthood—the Spirit that is within him—will continue to increase

until it becomes like a fountain of living water; until it is like the tree of life; until it

is one continued source of intelligence and instruction to that individual."- Brigham

Young.

The Slave Trade Renewed One can hardly conceive of a practice do it. If I were you I wouldn't let smokmore inhuman than was the slave trade as ing become a fixed habit."

it existed in this country less than four score The young lady laughed, took another years ago. Beginning with the Dutch ves- "draw,"and said, "Oh it's already that;

sel which, in 1619, brought to Virginia the I simply could not live without my cigarfirst shipload of African slaves, fortunes ettes."

were acquired by heartless men who Of course the slavedriver. Nicotine, is

made it a business to entice or force negroes not equally severe with all his bondsmen.

aboard their vessels, and, unmindtul of Some are treated with a measure of confamily tics, brought them to this land. sideration, as were many of the blacks of

Children were torn from parents, husbands the South, though they still remain slaves:

and wives were separated, and all because but many are, so to speak, torn from their some conscienceless men could make money families and "sold down the river."Simon

out of this detestable traffic. Legree, the "villain"in Uncle Tom's

Pathetic stories without number could be Cabin, was no more insistent and merciless told of case9 where father or mother or in his demands upon his slaves than are children were "sold down the liver."The nicotine and some of the stimulants so comslave had no future. Naturally his lot in monly usd. In this case, too, boys and

some cases was not so hard as in others. girls, men and women, are being exploited

Many masters were kindhearted and conthat a few may make money.

siderate, but the blacks, nevertheless, reIn the dining room of the steamer herein mained in oppressive bondage. referred to, where several hundred persons

American readers would be startled were ate at one sitting, many smoked while the they to see in one of the big dailies that stewards brought their orders; not a few

a shipload of slaves had just been landed did so between courses, and a very large in New York harbor. Startling though number at the conclusion of the meal, desit may be, that is precisely what did happen pite the fact that some women and children

not long ago. Furthermore, that is exactly were on the verge of seasickness and were

what is happening nearly every day. The nauseated by the offensive odor of tobacco.

slaves, it is true, were not black. Neither But those slaves could not help it. They

force nor falsehood was used in persuading were driven by their taskmasters, and them to come aboard. They were citizens acknowledged their helplessness.

of this or other lands who come and go The paradoxical and pitiable thing at will and acknowledge no man as master. about the whole situation is that those who

Many of them were wealthy; practically are thus chained hand and foot, as comall were in comfortable circumstances, but pletely enslaved by their habits as was th.'

according to their own confession, a large black man by his owner, have the poten number of them were slaves. The followtial strength to break the bands if they but

ing incident will illuminate this point: would. The following is from a sermon

A grayhaired lady and a maiden of tenby Brigham Young:

der years were occupying chairs on the "I have frequently said to my brethren liner's deck. Both were smoking cigarand sisters, if they cannot live without tea,

ettes. The older lady said, "My doctor coffee, brandy, whiskey, wine, beer, tohas positively ordered me to stop smoking, bacco, etc., they can die without them.

if I value my life, but I absolutely cannot This is beyond controversy. If we had

968 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the determination that we should have, we of his time and his plan was not accepted.

would live without them or die without Through him a solution of the other forms them."of slavery here referred to was offered to

the nonuse of the enIt may be thought that comparing the the world—simply

use of tobacco with negro slavery is to inslaving article. This plan, also, failed to

troduce an anticlimax into the argument; meet with popular approval. After the nabut the cigarette, "insignificant in size tion had given blood and treasure in stagbut with gigantic power, is today causing gering amounts to free the negroes, thoughtmore real misery in the United States than ful men realized that Joseph Smith's plan

was endured by the four million negroes was one worthy of a great statesmen.

at the time of their emancipation. These other slavery problems are costing

Joseph Smith suggested a practical and precious lives and treasure, also in staggercomparatively inexpensive solution of the ing amounts, and thoughtful men of the negro slavery are beginning to look upon Joseph problem—the purchase of nation

the slaves with funds derived from the Smith's views on this point as basically sale of public lands,—but he was ahead sound.—C.

Measure of Men

Out here in the West, on the world's high crest,

Where you call your neighbor friend,

And a kindly deed to a man in need,

Will a lot of faults amend.

Though your hands get rough and your face gets tough,

From buckin'the wind and rain,

And your denim's thin, or it needs a pin

Where it couldn't stand the strain.

Though your old blue shirt is grimed with dirt,

And your hat's behind the styles;

When your laugh rings out with a lusty shout,

You kindle a thousand smiles.

If you see the skies you must raise your eyes,

And straighten your shoulders back.

While your clean red blood like a surging flood,

Goes pulsing along its track.

You accept the dare as your lungs take air, (To refuse is a western sin) And your thoughts soar high as the arching sky,

Enriching the soul within.

Sigurd. Utah IRVIN L. WARNOCK

PR(ES

Alt matters pertaining to the Aaronic Priesthood in this department are prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric.

The Lesser Priesthood

"And again it shall come to pass that which he is appointed, in all diligence."

on as many as ye shall baptize with water, Doc. and Cov. 107:99.

ye shall lay your hands, and they shall The September topics to be discussed by receive the gift of the Holy Ghost, and shall the members of the Aaronic Priesthood are be looking forth for the signs of my comgiven for the purpose of encouraging young ing, and shall know me. Behold, I come men to become fully acquainted with the

quickly. Even so, Amen."Doc. and offices of the Church and their functions.

Cov. 39:2324. One of our active stake presidents at a conference sometime ago said: "It is the duty

During the summer months the reports of a father to encourage through active of the activities of the Aaronic Priesthood leadership his sons, the duty of a ward that have reached the office of the Presiding bishop to provide some means for such

Bishopric have not been very encouraging.

A condition that prompts those who bear activity and training."

the holy Priesthood to lay aside the privThe thing that makes such service worth ilege of magnifying that Priesthood during while is having a proper attitude toward any portion of the year is not of the Lord, the work. One cannot successfully perand it seems those who partake of this spirit form a service which is distasteful or which

have not grasped the full meaning of the one is poorly prepared to perform. The

Priesthood and have not partaken of the purpose of our Priesthood meetings under is to study carefully thesepower thereof. the new plan

conditions, receive instructions and trainHave you received the gift of the Holy ing, and prepare really to magnify the

Ghost, which, although promised at the calling which the Lord has bestowed upon time of confirmation, may never really us.

come to one unless invited through faith The Presiding Bishopric feel that young and works? For the Holy Ghost has men can be encouraged to perform labors

nothing in common with the sluggard or required of them and that these labors may those who fail to magnify their calling in be made to appeal to them in such a way the work of our Lord and Savior. that they become a joy when properly

The summer season is now about past. performed. May we at this time impress

It is hoped that he who has accepted the this fact upon those who arc charged with responsibility of Priesthood service will the responsibility of directing this work in "Learn his duty, and to act in the office in the stakes and wards.

The Value of Statistics

The unprecedented progress of modern venture considered he was acting not for times has been made possible by keeping himself only, but that he represented manrecords and statistics. With the welfare kind. To this end he kept a record of all

of humanity at heart it was seen to be unhe did and all he discovered, that those who necessary for a second man to feel his way followed him could benefit by his experiin the uncharted field; the first man to ence and carry his work farther. The sum

970 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of our civilization might be called the agbeing ordained to the Priesthood. He

gregate of what individuals have contribcompleted the reading of the sacred record uted in record form. before May 29, 1928, the date appointed

Men cherishing generous desires to for his ordination, averaging thirtyfive benefit the race have met difficulty and pages a day. He therefore read the book

danger, but this would have been in vain in fifteen days and reports that he enjoyed without records. They posted signs and

directions to guide those who should follow, and these things had to be prepared with great accuracy so they could be relied on for safety.

The many records and statistics kept by the Church will constitute a tremendous advantage in the progress we are to make.

The Church is going forward in a new field; it is likely our present situation, as the

Church of Christ, is unprecedented in history, at least we have no adequate records of similar conditions at any former time.

Of course we have divine guidance, and we shall reach the predicted goal of excellence for the millennium, but we are required to "study it out in our own minds"and to avail ourselves of every means within our reach to accomplish the work before us. One indispensable means

to that end is proper records and statistics.

Our destiny cannot be reached without these records, and the more accurate and complete they are kept, the more useful they will be to us in the building up of

Zion.

These reasons alone would be sufficient grounds for most of the records we keep, but many of our records are kept for a still more important purpose: they have

vital bearings on our privileges and activities in the world to come, and should for this reason be compiled and preserved with utmost care. Albert R. Lyman.

Reads Book of Mormon A picture of Osmond Staker Olsen is it very much. Not only did he read it,

being presented herewith. This twelve but dd so understandingly and is able tc

yearold lad, a son of Osmond Olsen and give a very good account of its contents.

Sarah Staker Olsen, of Manti, desired to He expresses the hope that this will enread the Book of Mormon through before courage other boys to do likewise.

MUTOAL WORK

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT

Important Items

The following information and instrucmeans of raising this amount. In any event

tions were recently sent, in the form of a you and your coworkers should agree on letter, to all ward presidents, by Executive some definite method and put over this

Director Oscar A. Kirkham, acting for the work with dispatch. Please do not let

General Superintendency of the Y. M. M. it drag; if you do, it will become an im-

I. A.: pairment to the entire year's work. The

the to remit to Genfor your ward amount 1. ORGANIZATION.—Check I. the of eral Superintendency Y. M. M. plan and thethrough new organization

A., Church Office Building, Salt Lakethe inselect, cooperation with the bishop,

best men for the special work of each deCity, is based on 10% of your ward popupartment. The new organization calls for lation.

the following officers in each ward: A 4. LIFE MEMBERSHIP.—At leastward president and two counselors—a secone new Life Member is expected fromretarytreasurer—a music director—two your ward this year. Please send name,

members for the Community Activity ward, address and $5.00 with each Life

Committee and two members for the Membership application.

Adult Committee—an adult supervisor of 5. IMPROVEMENT ERA.—T h eM Men work—a leader of the Vanguardi

price of the Improvement Era is $2.00 a (Older Scouts)—a leader of the Boy

Scouts. The last three officers may be the year. If you obtain 3% of your ward

same men as supervise the Aaronic Priestpopulation as subscribers, we will remit hood. to you 15c on each subscription. If you

obtain 5%, we will remit 25c on each

THE RIGHT MAN FOR THE subscription. You may appoint an Era

RIGHT JOB IS YOUR CHALLENGING agent and allow him these rebates. In

TASK. any event, we expect that the head of

each family will have an opportunity to 2. OPENING SOCIAL.—Meet with subscribe for our magazine. It is better

the bishopric and the presidency of the

Y. L. M. I. A. at once and plan for a real tions,than ever.please giveWhenthe sendingname, address,in subscripward

opening social. Get the heads of your and stake. Please plan to do this work at

various departments interested. Let this once. Any ward can accomplish this duty

be the occasion of a great social event. It

may also give the department leaders a in a short time with careful planning and spirited cooperation.

chance to meet old and new members of their departments and enroll them for the 6. MANUALS, HANDBOOKS, ETC.

season's work.—All accounts will be in name of Ward

3. GENERAL FUND.—It may be Associations, the president being the only

that you will use the opening social as the one authorized to order. Hand Books will

time for raising the General Fund, or that be fifty cents a copy. Yearly Roll and

it is to be placed as an item in the Ward Minute Books combined, fifty cents each.

Budget, or that you will use some other Manuals, twentyfive cents each. These

972 IMPROVEMENT ERA

items are on a cash basis, but credit will be counts must be paid in full, Please place extended until October 31, when all acyour order at once.

Qualities of Leaders Executive Alertness Leaders that lead are mentally awake to They are alert to danger signals, but are the possibilities and needs of their part of much more concerned about safety devices.

the world's work. To them leadership is They are wide awake as to making the

a process of education. They think, and present better than the past. To them noththink hard about their accepted responsiing is seen so good that it cannot be imbility, their honorbound obligation; they proved upon. They are alert to the present

think in council with others. Officers'possibilities of enrollment, the improvemeeting is to them an opportunity for ments in organization, and in the allyear-

growth, as well as the performance of a round plan of M. I. A. procedure.

duty.

Executive Action "Every officer a leader"is one of the ganizations are effected and are kept intact expectant slogans of the M. I. A. Ornaby the immediate filling of vacancies, and

mental officefilling is out of place in any will untiringly work to have all organizaorganization of activity and achievement. tions effectively operative.

Executive action will see to it that orExecutive Appreciation

Highgrade leadership will appreciate Hand Book by stake superintendents and position. The officer who does not appresidents of wards will be strikingly effecpreciate his office is in the background as a tive in getting officers to obtain and study

leader. He needs the attitude of the boy the new Hand Book.

who, when told by a companion that the Executive appreciation exemplifies the office of a deacon was nothing, replied, "It thought couched in the expression "Everywill be when I am ordained."thing to boost and nothing to belittle,"

Executive appreciation recognizes, not good causes, good organizations, good ofonly the ability, but the efforts of others ficers, good members and good efforts.

and is generous in its encouragement of subIf our executive alertness, executive ordinates. It also recognizes the value of action, and executive appreciation can

what is done by higher officials. It emescape the contagion of "putoff-a-tivephasizes the value of helpful appliances by ness,"we shall get a good start, make a

making their use a practical necessity. For good march, and have a victorious finish

example: Definite assignments from the in the coming year's campaign.

The New Manual

Captains of Industry, the manual preon sale. Most of the chapters will furnish

pared for the Adult Department, is now sufficient material for two lessons, and a

MUTUAL WORK 973

few of them, perhaps, for three. It is Additional matter for this department

further suggested that there are local "capmay be found in Dean Milton Bennion's tains of industry,"whose lives will furnish book A/oral Teachings of the Neu> Testaexcellent supplementary material. ment and in the Genealogical material.

Disraeli, by Andre Maurois By Dr. Adam S. Bennion

[Two evenings at least might well be spent in discussing this book, and two more with

The Glorious Adventure, by Richard Halliburton. Dr. F. S. Harris'interesting review of the

last named book appears in the September number of the Young Woman's Journal.—General

Committee.]

Biography has come into its own. There periences of life. He vicariously has the

was a time when, because of its historical benefit of having watched the issues of the mattcrof-factness, and because of the deexperiments carried on in the laboratory of termination of certain biographers to drag human experience.

the details of men's lives through five When Fate calls her Roll of Time, Israel volumes, very few readers presumed to enwill answer out of all proportion to her ter the domain of the chronicles of great numbers. Ancient Israel, of course, will

men. Now, however, biography, having crowd the head of the list, but modern

profited by the methods of fiction, of psyIsrael will be heard too. Among those to

chology and of scientific analysis, has respond Benjamin Disraeli, the subject of become one of the most fascinating forms this review, will shout a clarion "Here."

of literature. Witness the enthusiastic reDisraeli is one of the most unique figception given the best biographies of the ures in history. Orator—author—stateslast half dozen years! Papini's Life of a place for himself, a Jew, man—he made

Christ and Sandburg's Lincoln offer ample which might well be the envy of his "not evidence. too Christian"Christian compatriots.

The reading of biography pays such rich He measures up admirably under Lardividends! Collins, in his 1 he Doctor ned's tests of greatness

Looks at Biography, hints the explanation: native endowment,

"The novelist must be content to deal opportunity, with the children of his mind, the biogwill to serve.

rapher with the children of God."

He measures up equally well under EmWm. Roscoe Thayer gives the same erson's seven tests of great men as quoted

idea even a more beautiful expression in in Clara Barrus'Life of John Burroughs:

his The Art of Biography:

1. Has he any aim which with all his

"The master creations of fiction spring soul he pursues?

from the human brain; the subjects of bi- 2. Does he work for show?

ography are the very creations of God 3. Has he health of mind? Does he

himself; the realities of God must forever work in good humor?

transcend the fictions of man."4. Has he ability to set in motion the

The reader of biography has the assurminds of others?

ing thought that the men and women 5. Has he belief in a Superhuman Inwhom he meets have really lived—they fluence?

represent no makebelieve world. There 6. Are his aims unselfish aims?

crowds into his consciousness a realization 7. Has he breadth of vision? Is he able

of the fact that others have actually done to free himself from prejudice? Can he

the things chronicled! What an urge to treat trifles as trifles?

him "to go and do likewise."Not only Not only does Disraeli make a suitable

may he thrill to such an urge, but he may study for a notable biography, but his sit by and watch others "try on"the exbiographer. Andre Maurois, has proved

974 IMPROVEMENT ERA

himself worthy the honor of drawing the on to British G. H. Q. Already familiar

portrait. He has set down in a volume of with the British, he found himself in daily

fewer than four hundred pages a completecontact with his transchannel neighbors.

ness of vital detail heightened by a richThe result was his first book, Les Silences ness of suggestion and reasoned romance du Colonel Bramble, and its immediate sucthat make the volume one of the outstandcessors. His books are typical comedies

first exampleing biographies of recent years. Little wonof humor—Disraeli, being the

der it should be selected by America's of the Maurois method in biography. The

Bookof-theMonth Club. Maurois method has three components: imAnd who is Andre Maurois? mense and patient research, a relentless seAndre Maurois is a French writer, born lection, which discards most of what has

in 1885 at Elbeuf, France. He was edubeen so patiently gathered, plus a curious

cated at Lycee de Rouen. The following spark that is his own."(Quoted from

are some of his publications: Silences du Bakeless.)

Colonel Bramble, 1918; Discoures du DocHis biography at the opening of the

teur O'Grady, 1920; Ariel, or the Life of present volume indicates the background

Shelley, 1923; Dialogues sur le Commandof his scholarship, and yet he divulges its

ement, 1925; Mape, 1926; Bernard richness so naturally and graciously that

Quesnay, 1926; The Life of Disraeli, the reader is wholly unconscious of the lacatches only the1927; Essay on Dickens, 1927; Don Juan, bor of learnedness—he

or the Life of Byron, 1927. joy that lies in abundance of worthy ideas.

The author, who is also M. Emile HerBut talking about this Disraeli biography

zog, was a textile manufacturer of Elbeuf, does not do it justice. One must read it to

amateur of philosophy and sometime officer know its charm. Space prevents an

of the French Army. The comparative analysis of the book. Perhaps a few

tardiness of his literary arrival is due, of glances at its pages will suggest its richness.

course, to those same textile mills which The first line is striking, at the outset swallowed him up as a young man, fresh read again at the close of the book, it is from the lycee, dreaming of a philosophic strategic.

career. The Herzog family, manufacturers "In the year 1290, on All Saints Day,

for a century past, left Alsace immediately King Edward I expelled the Jews from after the FrancoPrussian war and settled England."

in the Norman city of Elbeuf where, at Singular that out of that group of outabout twenty, young Emile Herzog gave casts there should come a descendant who up his dreams of becoming a professor of should shape the political destinies of an philosophy, turned his back upon the beempire.

loved Lycee of Rouen and settled down to Benjamin Disraeli was no ordinary boy.

the problem of buying raw materials, makNotice Maurois'schoolboy reflections.

ing cloth of them, pleasing the customers, "When he went out for a walk alone, he and selling the cloth at a profit. For a liked now to imagine himself as Prime

decade the future author was known only Minister or the Commander of an Army.

to the world of commerce, of which, "if we "He was fifteen years old, and facts may trust his frankly autobiographical had proved that school was dangerous for if novel, Bernard Quesnay—he looked with him; would he find at the University,

very illdisguised disdain. Not until the he went there, the same prejudices, the

middle of the war did Maurois make consame hatreds? What was to be done? But

tact with Parisian literary circles, but the first of all, what did he want? With the

war, in whose blood and mud so many turmoil of the little schoolboy world, the promising careers were quenched, was the memories of his intrigues, his triumphs, starting point of this one. His knowledge his miniature wars, had come glimpses, as

of England led to his assignment as French through scattering clouds, of clear and vivid liaison officer of the Ninth Scottish Divlandscapes; and then he could descry the

sion, from which, after two years, he went distant shapes of vast ambition, just as

MUTUAL WORK 975

a man drawing near a town will catch husband. She was eightyone, and he

sight of the lofty towers soaring above it."sixtyeight; a ridiculous and touching

Or, hurry along to the record of hi3 pair."

1 856:maiden speech in the House of Commons. Her note of

speech in Maurois, is reproducedThe and If I should dear own "My Husband,—inis a speech which Disraeli was literally that life this before orders you, leave depart

laughed down. The prophetic power of we may be buried in the same grave at

his utterance, "Ay, Sir, and though I sit whatever distance you may die from Engdown now the time will come when you land. And now God bless you, my kindwill hear me."est, dearest! You have been a perfect

What a fulfillment when all England husband to me. Be put by my side in the

hung on his phrases! same grave. And now, farewell, my dear

Similar defeats were crowded out by Dizzy. Do not live alone, dearest. Some

equally distinctive victories throughout a one I earnestly hope you may find as atlife of lights and shadows. The record ol tached to you as your own devoted

thirty years and more in Parliament "Mary Anne,"

fascinatingly set down that the becomes the better evidence of happinessline—ismuch ofsothe time on the political firing

story of England's Victorian struggles read when coupled with his request not to be like a romance. buried in Westminster—an honor offered

laid by her side Or, consider the art with which Maurois by Gladstone—but to be

presents the married life of Disraeli and in the little church yard of Hughenden.

"Mary Anne."Though she was thirteen Or, consider the achievement of having

years his senior, and a widow, rather genso completely won the confidence and aferally pronounced odd and unattractive, yet fection of a sovereign of such distinction she proved to be a real helpmate. Elbert as Queen Victoria. Very few parallels

Hubbard tells of the incident "of her may be found in history. He had seen her

fingers being crushed by the careless slambecome queen in the beauty of her young ming of the carriage door, and her hiding womanhood; he had counseled her through

the bleeding members in her muff, and a long and, to England, a glorious reign;

attending her husband to the House of he died to have her send to his funeral two

Commons, where he was to speak, refusing wreathes! One, of fresh primrose, bore the

to disturb him by her pain."Note the inscription "His favorite flower;"on the

sarnie devotion in this paragraph from other she had written in her own hand, "A

Maurois token of true affection, friendship, and "Meanwhile, Mary Anne was very ill. respect."She also had a monument erectFrom 1866 she had had a cancer of the ed, bearing the inscription:

stomach; she knew it, but forced herself To

to hide the truth from Dizzy, whilst he, The Dear and Honoured Memory thinking that she was ignorant of it, afof fected to speak lightly of the disease. CourBenjamin Earl of Beaconsfield

ageously she continued to live a social life. This Memorial is Placed by

In 1872 the young charge d'affaires of the His Grateful Sovereign and Friend

French Embassy saw, in one drawingroom a strange being trapped out like a kind of Victoria R. I.

pagoda, whom he took for some aged "Kings love him that speaketh right."

rajah. It was Mary Anne, and behind Proverbs, xvi. 13.

her was Dizzy, painted and sepulchral, his last ringlet dyed jetblack and fixed on his And, finally, one enjoys reading the acbald brow. On her heart Mary Anne wore, count of the mastery involved in securing

as one wears the badge of an order, a huge for England control of the Suez Canal and medallion which framed a portrait of her in making Queen Victoria Empress of 976 IMPROVEMENT ERA

India. Disraeli has been charged with circumstances that would have baffled men

egotism and with questionable shrewdof lesser genius. Maurois delights in bis

1 catch his enthusiasm and ness, but under the kindly touch of MaurDisraeli—readers

ois one comes to admire him for his wonput the book down regretting once more derful persistence and for his triumph over that notable books have to end.

Ten Outstanding Magazine Articles

Selected by a Council of Librarians

July, 1928 "Training in Political Intelligence,"Ar- "Our Muddling World,"Salvador de Mathur T. Hadley in Yale Review. dariaga in Forum.

The PresidentEmeritus of Yale UniverOur muddling world finds Salvador de sity, in one of his rare articles, analyzes the Madariaga, Spanish poet, perched on his problems of education for selfgovernment peak of the Pyrenees, surveying postwar in an age of changing mental, moral and diplomats at their task of raveling and spiritual standards and industrial organizaunraveling the knots of international in tion of society. trigue.

"Church and State in England,"W. R. "Servicing Our 260 American Wage,"Dr.

Inge in Yale Review. Julius Klein in Magazine of Business.

The Dean of St. Paul's, London, disWhat has happened to 917,000 workers

cusses the questions underlying the controwho, since 1920, ceased factory labor?

its versy over the revised Church of England How has American prosperity with "260"wage scale absorbed the productive Prayerbook, the deadlock caused by the refusal of Parliament to approve it, and power of the "factory hands?"These

relations with the Roman Catholic Church. questions are answered by Dr. Klein.

"Airships versus Airplane,"Arthur R.

"The Mockery of American Divorce,"Blessing in North American Review.

Stephen Ewing in Harper's Magazine.

With aircraft destined to play a greater

Comparing our American divorce laws role in the pageant of civilization than any with those in the Scandinavian countries, other mode of transportation, Mr. Blessing

Mr. Ewing argues that they are barbarous, presents the alternate fine points which

that they encourage a disastrous amount of characterize travel by these two mediums perjury, and that they inflict needless sufof air voyaging.

fering and humiliation.

"Banded for the Biggest Business,"Wil- "Progress and Plenty,"William T. Foster liam McAndrew in Review of Reand Wadill Catchings in Century. views.

A cure for business depressions is the William McAndrew, recently Superincontribution offered by two eminent econtendent of Schools in Chicago, here reviews omists towards a more satisfactory life. the remarkable history of the National

The authors submit this plan as a simple, Education Association and its contributions feasible and immediate way out of the to the astonishing progress of American dilemma of thrift. education in recent years.

"At Home in PukaPuka,"Robert Dean "Spider—Friends and Enemies?"John E.

Frisbie in Atlantic Monthly. Hogg in Field and Stream.

Mr. Frisbie describes "Life on an Atoll."A discussion of the virtues and vices of

his life in PukaPuka, a speck in the Southsome of the commonest of creatures with ern Pacific, where he keeps a store for as which campers, hunters, fishermen and all droll a lot of native customers as ever a outdoor persons and vacationists are dimerchant dealt with. rectly concerned.

MUTUAL WORK 977 MEN DEPARTMENT

Etiquette Meaning: The form required by good bone from his hand, and the dog's tail will

breeding, ceremonial code or polite society. wag with appreciation, Even a dog recogGeneral principles of etiquette: Trua nizes graciousness of manner. Those who

consideration for others is the underlying throw, as it were, truths of the everlasting principle upon which all politeness is based. Gospel to the world, should not expect

The books on etiquette and correct them to be received. Oftentimes, a fine

social usage are full of conventional rules manner succeeds where the best tongue has that it is well to know, but these are not failed.

arbitrary. into They have come being Our Gleaner Girls Men and are not M little by little years, for hundreds of to just only preach the Gospel, they but are

as many of our other traditions have been in the making for leadership of the comhanded down to us. Mere mechanical munity and social life. The scriptures

deportment is worth very little. It smacks indicate plainly that they are to edify the

of an intelligent culture which is simply vebody of Christ, or be exemplars and form neered on. so to speak. Such a veneer is a leadership in the progress of the people at

easily cracked, soon broken. The culture home, such as directing the flock and

we desire for our young people is a spiritshaping the welfare of the nation and the ual culture which must come from within Church. If this is the case, the followoutward. ing should be kept in mind:

this of course: Purpose Our Men M Selfconsciousness, doubt, awkwardness, Girls Gleanerand belong to a group from

which the majority of our missionaries are and timidity are foes to success. These

called. Criticisms which come to us from "little things"in life exert a mighty influthe outside are both favorable and unfavorence upon our ability to achieve results in

able. Our young people are known far any field. For our own happiness, and for

and wide for their sincerity, their testiour efficiency in promulgating the Gospel, monies, and their diligence in study, but it is our duty to cultivate the selfimprove- ment habit as regards our manners and beare frequently found wanting in that courtesy, ease, grace and freedom which havior. No matter how polished one may

make it possible for them to win their be, there is always room for growth. There

field.audiences, be they large or small, by the is room at the top in every

charm of their manners. We feel that our In the leadership of people and espeyoung people might double their influence cially in the rush to dispose of the full

by kindly courtesies and fine manners. program of leadership, many good and

"Men, like bullets."says Richter. "go kind servants forget that "love is the

farthest when they are smoothest."The power that moulds and forms of life the

Gospel which we carry to every kindred, greater part."and in a moment of forgettongue and people, will go farthest if i'fulncss. speak harshly to one of their most

is preached by polished and cultured young loyal companions. All the defects of namen and women who are possessed with a ture are compensated for by a fine manner.

genuine testimony of and loyalty to the The most fascinating young men and saving plan. women are always those of charming man-

A shrewd observer will note that if one ners. Physical beauty, fashionable dress,

throws a bone to a dog, he will run off or high standing in financial or diplomatic with it in his mouth, but with no vibration circles, are not alone sufficient to secure in his tail. But let him call the dog to success.

him. pat him on the head, give him the The charm of one's manners depends

978 IMPROVEMENT ERA

very largely upon certain personal habits, "Honor thy father and thy mother"chief among which are cheerfulness, order, should be the basis upon which home etineatness, promptness, and a well modulated quette is practiced.

voice. Most young people love to appear well

Everyone loves pleasant, cheery people before strangers 01 out in company, but whether they be homely or handsome, fat ofttimes something is greatly lacking in or lean, tall or short, red haired or brown their behavior and manners at home. If

haired, or what not, and it is perfectly they can lay the proper foundation at possible to pray, sing, work, play, be well home, and cultivate charm of manners, and or ill, rich or poor, and still be pleasant. extend the proper courtesies to the memIt is a duty as well. bers of their own families, their company

The home is the foundation of society, manners will follow naturally.

therefore proper conduct in the home Next to the home comes the Church as should be the first lesson to be learned in a foundation for good society.

etiquette. In order to attain to the highest degree

The basis of home culture and etiquette of culture, there must be something of the is: spiritual and religious practiced in our lives

I. The affectionate cherishing of family to gain the victory over self.

affection, the love for father, mothOur young people and older ones, too, er, brothers, sisters, and later hushave been criticized for their behavior band, wife, and children. in houses of worship.

II. The unselfish spirit, one that takes Is there such a thing as Church

them into account, has respect for etiquette?

their feelings, wishes to make them The following suggestions may be helphappy, etc. ful in your class discussions for October:

Home Etiquette Cooperation between husband and wife. Young lady's attitude toward her mother

Cooperation between parents and children. and father.

Young man's courtesies to his mother. Her attitude toward her brothers and

Young man's courtesies to his father. sisters.

His courtesies to his sisters. Interruptions, obtrusiveness, selfishness.

Church Etiquette Attitude toward religion. ligence and gentle, quiet, cultivated

Attitude toward houses of worship. manners.

Conduct in Church service. The Charm of Fine Manners, by Mrs.

Conduct in other events held in Church Helen Ekin Starret and the New Book on building. Etiquette, by Lillian Eichler, are good refChewing gum in Church buildings. erence books on the subject.

Our passport to good society—IntelHarvest Ball

The Harvest Ball is the M Men and Slogan and the Reading Course, and now

Gleaner Girls'big social event of the year, add one more traditional evtent, the programmed for the latter part of NovemGleaner-M Men Harvest Ball, which we ber. We hope to make this an annual hope will stand out preeminently, unexevent in the M Men and Gleaner Girls'procelled by any other social undertaking.

gram. It may be made a ward or stake Start preparations early and plan careevent. It is our opportunity to demonfully for this big event. One Friday in

strate the real meaning of our project. the latter part of November should be reThe M. I. A. is noted for traditions. served on the yearround program for this

We have established, for example, the ball. For the M Men and Gleaner Girls'

MUTUAL WORK 979

session, the first Tuesday in November, use Gleaner Girls to wear a head dress typical for the theme "Our Project,"showing by of that used by Ruth of old. A yard of

practical demonstrations the aesthetic and soft mull, of any contrasting shade which cultural value of the modern dance, and the harmonizes with the gown to be worn, charm of good manners in the ball room. bound tightly around the forehead and

This will be an effective way to prepare pinned at the back of the neck, and let for and arouse interest in the coming ball. fall softly over the shoulders, will give a

Beauty and refinement help to bring beautiful effect. The array of color pro

forth the best that is within us; therefore, duced by the many varied shades worn by

let us make this harvest ball outstanding in the different girls will be effective and this particular. Typical harvest decorations striking in contrast with the dark suits

will be in keeping. worn by the M Men. Boutonnieres, if

A distinctive feature, introduced to add worn by all the M Men, gives an appearcharm to the occasion, will be for the ance of increased harmony.

Portland M Men Earn Praise The Portland M Men basketball team forty games played during the season, and made a very excellent showing in the finished third in the league composed of

Church league held here during the past twenty teams representing the various season. The team won thirtyfive out of churches of Portland. This is a distinct

Portland M Men Basketball Team

Front row, left to right: Vernon F. Neeley, coach; John Stull, Paul E. Warnick; Anthon

E. Nielson; LaGrande Nielson. captain. Back row: William R. Sloan, mission president; O.

L. Stone. L. Delbert Bodily, Glen Blodgett, Donald C. Sloan, manager.

980 IMPROVEMENT ERA honor for the Portland M Men, inasmuch Portland, the L. D. S. players were the

as this is but their second year of particicleanest and displayed the best grade of pation in basketball. The physical consportsmanship of all the teams with which

dition and wonderful endurance of the he had come in contact. Reports like

players, their high type of sportsmanship this have caused the people of Portland and fair playing, were noted by the many to become more interested in the activities onlookers. One of the referees paid the of the Latterday Saint Church, and beteam a very high compliment by saying, cause of this we feel that the team has acthat in the two years he had refereed the complished a great amount of missionary

games played in the Church league of work. Glenn Gillette.

Working Plan Between Aaronic Priesthood and

Y. M. M. I. A.

(Approved by the Presiding Bishopric and the General Board of Y. M. M. I. A.)

Organization and General Program 5. Boys who do not hold the Aaronic

Requirements Priesthood or who are not members of 1. 12, 13, 14year-old boys to be deacons the Church may be permitted to attend

and Scouts. the quorum meetings.

2. 15 and 16year-old boys to be teachers 6. Boys not members of the Church may.

and Vanguards. on request of their parents, take ScoutIn order to avoid conflict in the service ing only.

program of the Aaronic Priesthood and the 7. There should be no interference with

Boy Scout program, the following is sugregular weekly Priesthood meetings.

gested: 8. These suggestions are given with a

1. That all service with a distinctive view of definitely correlating the quoChurch function be done in the name rum and Scouting program.

of the quorum. Credit may also be Deacons and Scouts

given for this service in Scouting. In order for a boy to be advanced from

2. All other types of service may be done deacon to teacher, certain Priesthood rein the name of Scouting. Credit in this quirements should be met. This informaevent may also be given for this service tion will be given by your bishop.

in the quorum. The following Scout requirements

3. In organizing the Scout patrols for deashould be met during this same period:

cons'quorums, it is recommended that 1. To become a tenderfoot Scout.

the patrol consist of 6 members. The 2. To become a secondclass Scout.

1 Scout. president of the quorum may act as one 3. To become a firstclass

patrol leader and the first counselor as another. Teachers and Older Scouts or

4. In organizing Scout patrols of teachVanguards

ers'quorums, the president may act as In order to be advanced from teacher to one patrol leader, and the first counselor priest a boy should meet certain Priestas another patrol leader, and the fourth hood requirements. This information will

to be selected. As in the deacons'be given by your bishop.

quorums, so in the teachers'quorums, The following Scout requirements we suggest that the patrols be made up should be met during this period:

of 6 members. 1. To pass on an average of one merit

MUTUAL WORK 981

badge a month during these two Scouting continuously during the past years, obtaining his star, life and eagle five years, he may receive his veteran rank, and if he has been enrolled in badge.

Leadership A competent supervisor should be approgram, duties, and activities of the pointed by the bishopric for each quoquorum and the Y. M. M. I. A. group.

rum of the Aaronic Priesthood. In this This committee should also check weekselection, the Y. M. M. I. A. officers ly on the individual program and welwill cooperate. The supervisor will fare of every member.

guide the quorum and lead the same 2. The best men available should now be

group during the activity period of the selected for these positions. The Priest-

Y. M. M. I. A. When it is found hood work and the activity program of

impracticable for the same person to the Y. M. M. LA. should be given on

lead both in the quorum and the Y. M. the same evening. It is desirable that

M. I. A. work, the leader in the Y. M. members of the bishopric and Y. M. M.

M. I. A. work should be an assistant I. A. executive officers become memto the supervisor in the quorum work bers of the Scout Troop Committee.

and vice versa. These supervisors and This will make possible a constant and

Y. M. M. I. A. leaders will constitute effective correlation of the Priesthood

a committee to consider each week the and the Y. M. M. I. A.

Work for Mankind

Away in the far off spirit land

Mcthinks I hear strange voices cry, "Come, give to us a helping hand

That we might reach the throne on high."

"You have the power on earth to give

That which we here can never do.

Beyond the grave we all might live

Eternally, if good and true."

A thousand million spirits wait

For some kind friend to help them through

The dark and gloomy prison gates.

And we. on earth, this work must do.

The time grows shorter, day by day:

Let us improve each shining hour.

We here on earth should watch and pray

For health, for guidance and for power

Then let us praise Almighty God

For this vicarious work, and find.

Before we're placed beneath the sod.

We've done a great work for mankind.

Pocatello. Idaho C. S. Green

EVENTS

Killed in the Canyon. Willard Young sula toward the Gulf of Mexico. The

Kimball, 1 1 years old, the son of Professor estimated damage to property is five miland Mrs. Edward P. Kimball, met death lion dollars, but no loss of life was reported.

on Aug. 15, in the City Creek canyon.

The Salt Lake Rotary club was holding its An ancient copper mine, hidden thirty annual picnic at Rotary grove. A tableau feet beneath a ledge of copperbearing rock

had been presented on the north side of is said to have been unearthed near Hay the canyon and participants had proceeded Bay. on the southern edge of Isle Royale,

to the south canyon wall, where a second Mich., by archaeologists exploring the

tableau was staged, far above the spectators island. The theory advanced is that Inin the grove. Miss Marion Kimball particidians, perhaps a thousand years ago, here

pated in this tableau. When it was findug some of the copper which they used

ished, Miss Kimball, her brother and Mr. for articles of ornaments, lance heads, arMortensen were in the group that carefully row points-, etc.

picked its way down the rough, steep trail. Thomas C. Callister called. Funeral

Electric torches furnished illumination for servics for Thomas C. Callister, a Millard

the descent. Suddenly a big boulder came county pioneer, who died at his home in

bounding down the mountain side. It Salt Lake City, July 30, 1928, were held

grazed the arm of Ted Aldous and carried in the Liberty ward chapel, Aug. 2. He

D. L. Mortensen 20 or 25 feet down the was born in Salt Lake City, Aug. 2, 1852,

mountain side. When he came to, he the son of Thomas and Helen Mar Calfound the boy at his feet. Willard lived lister, pioneers of 1847. He spent a

only twenty minutes after that. The boullarge part of his life, after 1861.

der had struck him at the base of the skull. in Fillmore, where he became prominently

Miss Marion Young Kimball, 16 years identified with the development of that old, sister of the unfortunate boy, was also part of the country. He served first as

struck a glancing blow. bishop of Fillmore, then as a member of

Destruction by Volcano. One thousand the high council and the presidency of the

persons are reported killed and 600 inMillard stake. Since 1907 he has lived

jured in a violent eruption of the volcano in Salt Lake City, and since 1920 he has

Rokatinda on the island of Palveweh, off labored in the temple. Surviving are the

the Malay Peninsula, according to a news following children: Ruby C. Krancnberg.

dispatch dated London, Aug. 9, 1928. San Francisco, Calif.; T. Clark Callister.

The eruption was accompanied by terrific Fillmore; Laura A. Callister and La Nola

earthquake shocks and waves which rolled C. Driggs, Salt Lake. Surviving brothers

shoreward. Six villages are said to have and sisters are: Alva Callister, Logan,

been destroyed. A large section of the Utah; William Henry Callister, Salt Lake:

seaboard is submerged, and nine trading Mrs. Elida Elison. Blackfoot, Ida.; Mrs.

vessels were sunk. The earthquake shocks Juliet Carson, Idaho Falls, Ida.; Organ

were believed to have rocked the bottom Callister, Blackfoot; Ida.; Walter Callister.

of the sea for they were followed by tidal Fillmore; Joseph Piatt Callister, Oak City;

waves which rolled along the coast inHelen Mar McCullough, Delta; Catherine

creasing the havoc. The island is one of Hatton, Fillmore; Mary M. Lyman, Oak

the group near the Dutch East Indian City; Sadie M. Pratt, Vallejo, Calif.; Isaarchipelago. bel Webb, Hayward, Calif.; Daniel Porter

Callister, Salt Lake; John Callister, Too-

A destructive storm swept the Florida ele; Susan D. Lyman, Salt Lake; Russell

coast, from Palm Beach to Titusiville, K. Callister, Salt Lake; also 19 grandAugust 8, 1928, and then across the peninchildren and six greatgrandchildren.

PASSING EVENTS 983

"Movies"at home. The announceCompany, agents for the Provo Woolen

ment was made in Pittsburgh, Pa., Aug. 8, mills, and in 1895 the establishment en1928, that radio "movies"will soon be tered directly into the general merchandisas common in the homes as are now music ing field. During 1890 and 1891 John

and speeches by means of ordinary radio C. Cutler assisted in the establishing of

sets. The radio movie is but a further beet sugar factories and other home manstep in television recently perfected, it is ufacturing enterprises of Salt Lake. In

explained. The idea is said to have come various of these enterprises he was still

to Dr. Frank Conrad, in charge of this a director at the time of his death. Among

branch of Westinghouse's experimental them is the UtahIdaho Sugar Company.

laboratory. And it proved so simple In 1884 Mr. Cutler was elected clerk of

he worked it out in barely two months'Salt Lake county, which office he held time. until 1890. In 1904 he entered his name

as a candidate for governor. He was

Reconstruction of China. Sun Fo, minelected, succeeding Hcber M. \Vcll9, and

ister of reconstruction for the Chinese served from 1905 until 1909. In 1871

republic, and son of the late Dr. Sun Yat he was married to Miss Sarah Elizabeth

Sen. the originator of the nationalist party, Taylor. Seven children were born to them,

arrived in New York, July 31,1928. His six of whom are still living. Surviving

mission is to "pave the way"for cooperaare the widow and the following children:

tion of American finance and industrial John C. Cutler, Jr., of Salt Lake; Mrs.

organizations in the reconstruction of Elizabeth T. C. Jenkins of Independence.

China. According to the Chinese minister, Mo.: Alfred T. Cutler, of Salt Lake; Mrs.

the Nationalists have pledged themselves Mabel L. C. Hay ward of Long Beach. Cal.;

to carry out the program of his father, Harold G. Cutler and Mrs. Hazel A. C.

and build 100,000 miles of railroads, and Beck of Salt Lake. Three brothers, Hcber

a million miles of motor roads, improve S., Frank and Ralph Cutler, also survive.

canals and waterways, develop seaports and Besides being president of the Deseret Nacities, open up mineral resources, improve tional Bank, ExGovernor Cutler, at the agriculture and promote colonization. The time of his death, was vicepresident of the

carrying out of this gigantic plan will afDeseret Savings Bank; director of the Utah

fect, favorably, the industries and markets Home Fire Insurance Company: director.

of all the world, and especially of the Beneficial Life Insurance Company, direcUnited States. tor, UtahIdaho Sugar Company; president

of the First National Bank of Murray, and

John C. Cutler, formerly governor of president of the State Bank of Park City.

the State of Utah and prominent in busiHe was also an auditor of the L. D. S.

ness circles in the city, ended his earthly Church, and a member of the Alta and career, July 30, 1928. The statement is Commercial clubs.

made that he was found in his garage on the morning of that day, suffering from a Captain Zappi in Stockholm. Capgun wound in the temple. He was immetain Filippo Zappi, who accompanied Dr.

diately taken to the L. D. S. hospital, Finn Malmgren on his fatal trek across

where he died shortly afterwards. John the ice in the Arctic, after the disaster to

C. Cutler was born in Sheffield, England. the dirigible Italia. May 25, 1928. has

Feb. 5, 1846, the son of John and Eliz visited Mrs. Malmgren. mother of the

abeth Robinson Cutler. At the age of 1 8 Swedish scientist, and related to her the

years he emigrated to Utah, and, with story of the tragedy. After the interviewhis family, settled in Mill Creek on a she kindly said. "I feel perfectly calm. I be12-acre farm. In 1877 he became an lieve absolutely that Captain Zappi is tellagent for the Provo Woolen Mills. During me the truth."The captain said, in

ing the same year he. with his brothers. part: "Dr. Malmgren was not in good

Thomas R., Hcber S., and Joseph G. Cutform when we set out and soon remarked

ler,. formed the firm of Cutler Brothers that his strength was going to fail him.

984 IMPROVEMENT ERA

One day, I believe it was the twelfth of July 12. 1928. The German acceptance

June, the doctor asked me as the only is the first received. France and Italy

service that I could do him to dig a- trench followed Germany almost immediately.

in the snow and take the compass1, which Their unqualified acceptance of the Kellogg was a presentation for his work with the antiwar treaty was published in WashingAmundsen expeditions of 192223."At ton, July 14. The acceptance of the

this point the captain handed the comtreaty by Belgium and Poland was anpass to Mme. Malmgren, saying: "You nounced July 18, and by Britain, Canada.

know him; all we could do was to obey; Australia, South Africa, New Zealand and

he was like that."India on July 19. Japan's acceptance of

the treaty was announced July 20. The

Changing the Easter date. If King Japanese government warmly congratuGeorge gives his consent, the Anglican lated Secretary Kellogg "upon the rapid

church, in the future, will observe Easter and general acceptance"of the American annually on the Sunday after the second proposal.

Saturday in April, without regard to the moon, as at present. The bill embodying Italian submarine a coffin. The Italian

this change for Great Britain and northern submarine F-14, with a crew of 31, all

Ireland was given its third reading in the dead from poisonous gases, was raised to house of lords July 27, 1928. It prethe surface, Aug. 7, 1928, from the botviously had passed the house of commons tom of the Adriatic. It was sunk in a

and now needs only the assent of King collision thirtyfour hours before. All efGeorge to become law. forts at saving the men were in vain. The

sinking of the F-14 with its crew is the

China Recognized. A treaty, restoring greatest disaster suffered by the Italian subfull autonomy in tariff matters to China, marine forces since August, 1925, when

was announced in Peking, July 27, 1928, the Sebastiano Veniero disappeared with its and simultaneously in Washington. It crew of fifty men during naval maneuvers

had been signed two days previously by the off Sicily and never was found.

American minister in China, Mr. J. V.

MacMurray, and T. V. Soong for the NaBlind since birth, sees now. Marcella

tionalist government. Washington offiCalkins, Milwaukee, Wis., who is said to

cials were inclined to brush aside as unhave been blind since birth, on July 15, important the question of the degree of 1928, received her sight as a result of an diplomatic recognition extended to the operation. Since she was 1 7 years old

Nationalist government through signature she has attended the Janesville, Wis., inof the treaty. That it is a form of destitute for the blind, where she has learned

facto recognition is admitted, but officials to sew, cook, play the piano and use a contend there is no ground for surprise, at typewriter. When her eyes were opened,

home or abroad. she found that nobody was exactly as she

had pictured them in her own mind.

Horse racing declared off. Announcement was made on July 23, 1928, that Conditions in Mexico. President An

1 9 from athat was the last day of the races at Lathony W. Ivins returned July

goon. The season was cut short, owing visit to Mexico. In a newspaper interto a Supreme Court decision, July 16, view he expressed the opinion that Presideclaring parimutuel betting unlawful. dent Calles would be able to cope with tht

The attorneys for the jockey club have situation arising on account of the asfiled a petition for rehearing, attacking the sassination of Presidentelect Obregon and opinion of the Supreme Court. to bring the perpetrators of the outrage

to justice. President Ivins said the condiGermany accepts Secretary Kellogg'tion in the Church colonies is normal, and

antiwar proposition, in a brief note that there is no difficulty in complying signed by Acting Foreign Minister Schubert with the law. The only opposition, he

and communicated to Secretary Kellogg. said, is coming from the Catholic church.

AN ELECTRIC RANGE FOR—A CLEANER, COOLER KITCHEN BETTER MEALS ECONOMY COMFORT CLEANLINESS COMPLETE COOKING SATISFACTION

In our large stocks are many models of the famous Hotpoint ami

Westinghouse Electric Ranges. You'll find one that will just suit you.

Come in!

Five Dollars down will place one in your home.

Pay the balance in two years.

Utah Power & Light Co.

Efficient Public Service

MISKIN SCRAPERS

EASY hjtffyfc9MKRMMnk"- **"*"k*

TO yKyo. FOR

HANDLE *JSkf %'HORSES EASY OR TO mhkI 4h TRACTOR PULL Sfeafcfc WEEDS GROW IJP ALL AROUND ALL OTHER SCI PAPERS WHERE

THE MISKIN IS KNOWN Level your farm now. NO BETTER INVESTMENT CAN POSSIBLY BE MADE

AT THIS TIME, as it is well known that a leveled farm is cheaper to operate, requires less water to irrigate and less lahor and time to produce an even distribution of crops and a much greater yield. The efficient and economical way to do this is

with a Miskin Scraper.

WRITE FOR CATALOG Manufactured only by MISKIN SCRAPER WORKS UCON, IDAHO

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

FOR YOUR VACATION Visit Utah's Playgrounds FOR YOUR HOUSEHOLD Use Utah's Sugar SEE AND SELL OUR NATURAL WONDERS

BOOST AND BUY LOCAL PRODUCTS

BOTH ARE INCOMPARABLE

The Greatest Opportunity It is only natural that the highest institution of learning in the

State should set the standards of education for the State. The University of Utah leads the State in standards, leads in scholarship, has the

broadest curriculum, and naturally, has by far the largest enrollment.

It is the institution where seriousminded students know that they can get the type of quality work they desire.

Schedule of Registration September 27—Registration for Freshmen.

September 28 and 29—Special instruction for Freshmen.

October 1—Registration for all other students.

October 2—Class work begins.

Make your final plans now to affiliate with one of the following

Schools of the University:

School of Medicine School of Arts and Sciences

School of Law School of Education

School of Business School of Mines and Engineering

Extension Division For additional information kindly address

The President University of Utah SALT LAKE CITY

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA L>

If you are not sp.

employment it will not bt its finger at you and call you a.

Ours i9 a school of opportunity. Here y*.

to do the best you can, independently of what auj.

may do.

EVERY MONDAY we open the doors of opportunity when shall we have the privilege of welcoming you?

L. D. S. Business College

Write for Information

"Utah's Largest Commercial Training SchooF'

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.AST"

-ages of Salt Lake City, "and /ears. Working on automobiles

. vered wiih dirty greases and oil, which

j and face, -i boils I tried all kinds of remedies suggested by..mi any relief. I finally went to my physician and he

.at one cake of Fleischmann's Yeast onehalf hour before each

-ing the Yeast regularly for three weeks I began to notice that the urying up and in two months they had entirely disappeared."

rleischmann's Yeast is not in any sense a medicine—it is a vegetable, fresh as

new celery. Its curative properties gently, naturally rouse the sluggish muscles of the

intestines, and clear the system of the poisons of constipation. Your complexion, too,

now clear and fresh, will reflect your newfound vigor and health.

Eat three cakes each day, one before each meal or between meals. Dissolve it in

water, hot or cold; eat it plain or any other way you prefer.

FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST At All Grocers'

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

TO GAIN KNOWLEDGE IS TO GROW To Read Good Books Will Help You Gain Knowledge

The M. I. A. Reading Course is selected to help you gaiu

knowledge and have enjoyment while you do it.

Send $6.50 (Special Cash Offer) Now for a Complete Set.

Deseret Book Company P. 0. Box 1793 Salt Lake City, Utah

JOSEPH WILLIAM TAYLOR

UTAH'S LEADING 1872 UNDERTAKER 1928 Best Equipped for Calls Night or Day in or (Jul of the City

Price of Caskets at Your Suiting—Services the Latest Advancement

Phones Wasatch 7600, Both Office and Residence 2125 SOUTH WEST TEMPLE STREET

Fire Is No Respecter Of Persons

You may wait till tomorrow to insure but the fire may not.

"See our agent in your town"UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

E1EBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agenti Salt Lake City, Utah

"ERAWHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE m

BENNETT GLASS & PAINT COMPANY September Thisyearroundis "Kitchenspaintingand Bathrooms"program formonthBennett'sin the "Property Life Insurance"Products.

Your dealer has them.

ASK YOUR DEALER FOR

Z. C. M. I. FACTORYMADE

CHILDREN'S ALLOVERS In khaki and whltebacked Denim for Hoys

Klmkl and PegKy Clothes, Dutch Cut for Girls Boys'Playsuits

The Famous

Mountaineer

Overalls GIVE SPLENDID SATISFACTION

Suppose We Should Guarantee You the Fulfilment of these

Desires—Would You Not Think it Marvelous?

snatch illness should accident or though even continue to incomeYour college) for income your for work. unfit An you or renderyou away suddenlywile—n now. from years ten In of your home ownership children. The for Toureducation years. later leisure In your of travel and the and possibility retirement Joy ofThe

Impossible? Absolutely not. These dreams enn he realized if you act now—Make today's hopes realities tomorrow.

A Beneficial Policy is the Key to Success B Blots out your worries—Brings peace of mind

Beneficial Life Insurance Go.

Home Office, Vermont Bldg.—Salt Lake

HEBER J. GRANT, President E. T. RALPHS, Manager

WHEN WRITISG TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MHNTWN THE IMPROVEMENT ERA