888g**if. ips.-.

/Mmprouementlfra

i E / 1942 SETiiKN PSSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT tAKE CITY, UTAH dio -den,cracy Weapon on ththehou front. a tHaJnal

nece% to the A Present Agencies Hon*< dennrf

*""ma*. s r

real

anatlona'**--da"dand a potent factorior 'niakin gAmer,canS the best-i formed peopj eon the earth.

IMIH I! DIAL

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1942

KEEP EM GROWING!* +

1 1 *"By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. Be*

HPhe vitamin biotin, one part in four u billion, the influence will "hundred found of yeast by Dr.growth it was Grahams ant 1

it in Holhe isolatedFritz Koegl when of twentyfiveland. pounds Only this delUious, sna ck

is for all plant necessaryvitamin, which life life, affect would animaland in a "between without cubic mile of water. m has bother. Rockefeller FoundationTThe a New Recipe Look for the Here's unravel the mystery of what * helped

Rich Brown BEE MERINGUES to the HONEY seasons in dry Haemagohappens Package 2 teaspoon cream egg whites; Y4 villain is chief the mosquito whichgus

tartar; tablespoons powdered 4

in fever junglein yellow carrying 1 vanilla; 1 doz. teaspoon sugar; Co- *

Crackers; Bee fever Graham It Honey that yellowlombia. found was

persisted during the dry season even 1 small package cocoanut.

until frothy, whites Beat egg not this could be found mosquitothough until tartar. of Beat cream

level. mosquito ground Theon the is addstiff. in gradually. Beat sugar

an inhabitant of the tree tops high above Add vanilla. Put graham crackthe jungle floor. spoonfulers on a ofbakingmeringuetin; onpileeacha

at 325 until brown.rpHE microfilms now being made of cracker,and bakesprinkle with cocoanut

* documents and books by taking pictures and reducing them to the size of Purity Biscuit Co., Salt Lake

Clip and Send Today possible, film Please send my FREE copy of "Cartoon millimeter makesa sixteen

Cookery."film a length of hundred footin a one for

vest pocket volume, containing sixteen Name or pageshundred the methodWith this five NewordinaryYorkbooks.PubFree Recipe Book CityAddress State

lic Library's three million books could be kept in the space occupied by its card catalogue.

/areful measurements during a se- -J vere gale in the Atlantic ocean found a maximum depth of fiftyfive feet between the crest and trough of waves, and from six hundred to nine hundred feet from one crest to the next.

(\nly one part in two billion of the > radiation given off by the sun hits the earth.

VIThen the Rocky Mountain tick is * * examined under invisible ultraviolet light, a brightdiamond shaped fluorescent spot can be seen on its back. To better serve you—

Other human parasites are also known and conserve vital materials, toolto be fluorescent.

transportation with today's fastchanging pace Keeping sleep with to go can now womanA Pacific offers needs, Stages bus schedUnion new wartime** dried, hair while her safety having if she is under a new patented drier. ules... designed especially to improve service on short

The new drier has a chin strap which trips, with arrival and departure times better spaced for prevents the head from falling forward your convenience... helping you save your car and vital

out of the drier. materials, too!

Ane molecule of gelatin can hold in a See your local Union Pacific Bus Agent -'rigid gel no fewer than 27,000 moleilET in advance for new leaving rimes.

cules of water.

/opper pipes were made and used to -"drain the rain water from the temunion pacific stages ple of King Sahura at Abusir in the fifth

Egyptian Dynasty, about 2750 B. C.

(Concluded on page 356) /Mmprouementffra "The Glory of God is Intelligence"

Heber J. Grant, 1942JUNE.VOLUME 45 NUMBER 6 John A. Widtsoe,Editors

Richard L. Evans,

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Managing Editor

Marba C. Josephson,

OFFICIAL ORGAN PRIESTHOOD OF THE QUORUMS, Associate EditorMUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMorris, George General Mgr. Q. OF EDUCATION, MUSICMENT COMMITTEE, C<innon, Associate WARD Lucy G. Mgr.TEACHERS, OTHER AND AGENCIES CHURCH OF THE Orton K., Business Mgr. J. JESUS SAINTS.OF CHRIST LATTERDAY OF?SS"

JoblsLD QofdtsuniA, (Do Ijdjul JOwjv—

JhsL dxi&vL (paqsL How to increase the moisturere-

Tribute to My Predecessor Heber J. Grant 363 taining capacity of your land?. 362

How the Mormons recently demQhundfL Jjudwuiiu onstrated the practical value of the gospel? 364

The Duncan Flood Spencer Kimball 364

The tragic story of the Duncan

Caffeine in Cola Drinks:...John A. Widtsoe 367 Flood? 364

Messenger to the Church John K. Orton 375

That more than seventy drinks Evidences and Reconciliations—L—Did the Nephites Have contain caffeine? 367 the Higher Priesthood before the Coming of Christ?—LI—What Is the Distinction Between the Priesthood and How Brigham Young escaped the

the Keys of the Priesthood? John A, Widtsoe 385 mob in Nauvoo? 371

Genealogy 378 Ward Teaching 399

The Church Moves On 381 No LiquorTobacco 396 How divorce percentages of temple

Music 394 Mutual Messages: and civil marriages compare?....384

Priesthood: Melchizedek 395 Executives 402

Aaronic....'398 BeeHive Girls 412 How to prepare for summer picnic

Field Photos 402, 412 lunches? 387

Sp&ciaL JjudWuiA.

Westward America Charlotte Knight 368 EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL

Carthage Jail Jos eph A. and Eunice McRae 372 OFFICES:

Exploring the Universe, FrankToward Better Farming, Moroni 50 North Main Street. Salt Lake City, Utah.

Copyright Inc.. 1942 by Mutual Funds. Cor- a lin S. Harris, Jr. 353 Marchant 362 A.

the Young Mutual of ImproveMen's the Telefacts 380 poration Book Rack. 356 On o[ of the Christ ment Association Jesus Church

Summer Photography, Henry Homing: My Neighbor's Kitchof Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subprice, scription year, in a $2.00 advance; 20c en, 357 Hall A. Graham Ann 386 single copy. Virgil Haws..358 Hints Son, 386 Baby Handy To My

Office, at the Salt Entered Post Lake City, for Picnics, Ethel In Our. Canning Ralph Camp, Win- W. secondclass Utah, as matter. Acceptance

terton 359 Hudson 387 mailing at special rate of postage providedfor in for 1103. section 1917 of Act October, in to Advertisers Index Excavations 406 Mexico City,

1918. July 2, Dibble 416 authorized Charles E. 360 Your Page and Ours

is not responsible Improvement Era The for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes contributions. All manuscripts must be accompanied

by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

To Those Who Look Toward Marriage...Richard L* Evans 384 NATIONAL ADVERTISING

REPRESENTATIVES Salt Lake City: Francis M. Mayo

That Other Shadow Albert R, Lyman 370 San Francisco: Edward S. Townsend

The "Bogus"Brigham Story 371 Chicago: Dougan and Bolle

And the Mountains Beyond Melba Jensen 379 New York: Dougan and Bolle

Frontispiece: Brigham Young, Poetry 374

Neal McGinty 361 Scriptural Crossword Puzzle....414 MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF

CIRCULATIONS JhsL Qdv&a,

to yield, desert, has our fathers found and one inspiring moods, which made manyTHE is It is sky, here portrayed. evening a reddened which, of and of a summer the A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY

photographic work of Shaveneau Monson, with color transparency by Charles Jacobsen.

Jacobsen. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

BUY YOU CAN NOW XTRA SU FOR HOME CANNING

H,.ERE'S good news for every family in Amerfor opportunity and an newsica—good a patriINSTRUCTIONS FOR CANNING purchase entitled tootic service. are now You

extra sugar for home canning on the basis of one THE APPROVED "RATION"WAY pound of sugar for each four quarts of canned fruit. Home economists tell us that it is possible for

An additional pound of sugar per year for each housewives to do a very satisfactory job of fruit member of the family will be allowed for the makcanning with the one pound of sugar per four quarts ing of jams, jellies, preserves, and fruit butters. All of canned fruit which the government has allowed.

this is in addition to the regular weekly ration book Many housewives regularly use approximately the same amount. For those who have been using more

allowance. You can apply now for the extra sugar sugar than this, we offer the following suggestions:

you are entitled to under this new order.

COLD PACK METHOD OPEN KETTLE METHOD

Pressure Cooker, Wash Boiler, Prepare fruit according to recipe. Or Oven

Prepare and pack fruit according Add two cups of sugar for each four of to onerecipe. add Then syrup HERE'S boil of fruit. liquid and quarts Add HOW:

of of half to sugar one cup cup

Fill seal jars required. to ai and

fruit. of Process quart for each water"Applications supplies may be for home canning

directions. to directions.

made upon special forms obtainable from local ration boards at times and places to be announced later. Applicants must give the names of all consumers on whose behalf applications are filed, the BUY HOME CANNING SUGAR

numbers of their ration books, the number of quarts of fruit packed last year, the amount of fruit IN ORIGINAL CLOTH BAGS now in their possession and the number of quarts they intend to can."If you do not know how to By ordering sugar in original cotton containreach your local rationing board, your grocer can ers of 5-lb., 10Lb., 25lb., 50lb., or 100lb. sizes

tell you. you will get pure sugar at its cheapest and best..

homeProduced Beet Sugar 9L $juabant&&jcL &l Qanninq THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1942

PICTOGRAPH CORPORATION

SCIENCE SERVICE 4.30.2 TEIEFACT

PLAYGROUNDS REDUCE CRIME

PLAYGROUNDS ARRESTS OF CHILDREN UNDER 16

kid IB

i How to Care rnfct mm tmt rdh rrni nm

arrests For Your Car Each symbol represents 75 playgrounds Each symbol represents 1000

For HPhe beaver is a good swimmer under

Exploring the Universe * water and can hold its breath for nearly fifteen minutes.YOUR COUNTRY {Concluded from page 353)

HPhe engine with the highest heat effi- "Cield mice destroy more than twoThe formula is simple! Just ** ciency is the mercurysteam turbine thirds of the bumblebees in Engwatch for the WASATCH which reaches 37.5 percent. land every year.

sign and have the expert at- "Doulenger reports that several kinds reparts can be machine now VS7orn *-* of batbeetles volaout ground a tendant your tires, throw check * * built rehaving to without be tile liquid liquid pursued. This when cranksystem, tery, cooling cost to half placed. of the a third At in evaporates rapidly so coming upon case—at frequent intervals. and in some cases with superior wearcontact with the air that there is an exThis service is free and ing qualities resulting, the worn part is plosion that is very audible and of

mist of metal with a fine molten sprayed force to enough the pursuer throw on cheerfully given.

builtgun. atomizer an blown from The it larger its back, is several times even if

And lengthen the life of your up piece is machined or ground to size. than these bombardier beetles.

car by using quality Gaso- T AST year there were 2200 industrial Tron in the red blood cells is used over line, Lubricants, and Motor L'research laboratories in the United A and over again it has been discovered

Oils—WASATCH Quality! States employing over 70,000 people, by making the iron radioactive so that

its history for can be followed months cells the They are products of a great halftrainedof andwhomhalf thewereremainderprofessionallywere in the red body. When homeowned and homeop- technically trained. up, even when there is plenty of storedbreak

erated refinery. iron in the body, the liberated iron is

Tt is usually said that the reason dogs almost immediately used by new cells.

A pant is because they can not sweat. Further experiments on dogs found that

Sweat glands have recently been disthe total blood volume of the dog is the covered, however, in the skin of the lips, same whether the blood is anemic or head, back, thorax, shoulders, thighs not. As the volume of the red cells

and pads of the feet. The efficiency of circulating increases, the volume of the Mondays,KSL6:45 p. m.; Tuesdays, the sweat glands in the skin is not yet blood plasma becomes less, and vice

Wednesdays, Thursdays, 9:30 p. m.; known. versa.

Fridays, 8:30 p. m.

PICTOGRAPH CORPORATION

the West's Outstanding News Commentator SCIENCE SERVICE 57.2 TEIEFACT

HOW TO BLACK OUT YOUR HOME

FASTEN DOWN BLACK SHADES B7EZ3Z3where you see this sign ON WINDOWS

WASATCH OIL REFINING CO.

Woods Cross, Utah

a

ally onefive hundredth at least is required; onethousandth is better. And

do not forget to open up your lens considerably when shooting at such speeds.

Otherwise not enough light will reach the film to record an image. Use an

exposure meter if possible.

Perhaps you go in for blossom photography. This sort of thing offers a

constant challenge to the beginning photographer. Try to use the sky as a

background for your flower pictures.

The sky has an even tone and when subdued by the use of a filter makes an ideal background. Use panchromatic

film when shooting flowers because it is sensitive to all colors, whereas orfor most excellent while thochromatic, (pkotojcfAaphf to red. sensitive purposes, is not

Of course, you will want to get picBy Henry H. Graham tures of your chums playing tennis,

baseball, and other sports. But rememthe summer picture subjects are ber that here, too, fast exposures are

a action. stop to necessary To stop timber, the on lakeINeverywhere—in onerequires flight usually tennis ball in on banks, stream shores, along the

the tennis courts and golf courses. five hundredth of a second or faster.

There are flowers of all kinds. Nature A speed of onetwo hundredth will reis in a very gay mood and just crying sult in a clear picture of batters running

to be photographed. to first or outfielders chasing a fly ball.

ball pitched to stop a hope cannot You tastier easier and outNow your shoot on should you What at of speed using a air without in the as just long so anythingings? Almost to thanks ever than to secof make part a thousandth least oneone init in pals is interesting. your Get operate cameras expensive ond. Only their without preferably FLOUR poses, BISCUITformal "AI"GLOBE is inexIf an yours speed. at a such hotflipping Picture Jimknowledge. despair, hownot do camera pensive sun. early the morning in Youcakes its within fine pictures are ever. Many exthere's and a new picture the over laugh awill have many YES, to try ball the limitations. game At to the citing shortcut will discover somelater. you Perhaps

instant at when picture the an snap old flakiest, goldencrusted a into them. Get look nestsbird and will little is movement. shortYou there very strawberry fashioned fellows admirthe of or ofshot one two that shot satisfying tasted! a with ever rewarded be you cake nest. in fledglings the or eggsing the

Mealtime photos are always good camwill be treasured. And so easy and simple—

era fodder. Try to get everyone in the If you live on a farm, rich picture 10year old could bake one!

picture. You can include yourself, the opportunities lie all around you. From All the magic you need is a

photographer, merely by using a selfplanting time to frost the farm possesses package of Globe "Al"Biscuit timer, which delays the shutter action abundant picture material. Get a shot Flour. It's already prepared

long enough for you to get into the picof that fine field of ripening wheat, usafter a famous baketested ture and pose with the others. ing a filter to bring out whatever clouds and proven biscuit recipe, with all the

the right measurein just ingredients—harrowing Plowing, in the sky. for shots are eyes open, too, your Keep

in for you. ments—blended have inscenes irrigating always and formarock queershaped wild life,of

tions, odd trees, unusual clouds, wild terest if well done. Then comes the You can't miss! Just follow the "A-l"

flowers, rustic bridges, deserted cabins, harvest with its reaping and threshing, Shortcake recipe on the back of the get Globe package. you be sure But gathering. beet digging, sugar potato vistas scenic and anymines,abandoned Biscuit else—nothing Flour and "Al"strive picture, ordinary. else of the out take thing a you Whenever time! every shortcake perfect can. for as it just you as good to make pictures and landscape your For

those which include water be sure to Watch your backgrounds. Place a

use a filter over the camera lens, prelight-colored main subject against a ferably a medium yellow one. Filters dark background and vice versa so the

bring out clouds in all their lovely central object will stand out sharply.

whiteness by darkening the blue sky Endeavor to frame your landscape and providing enough contrast for the shots; that is, shoot through an arch or

clouds to register. Filters also make between two trees or two buildings.

water appear more natural. Get something in the foreground so the

Don't overlook marine photography. {Concluded on page 415)

If you happen to visit a large lake, river, or the ocean, you will never lack subject matter for your camera. The rolling surf, boats twisting in a gale,

steamers with a trail of black smoke behind them, queer old sea characters, sea shells, gulls, boats at anchor, GLOBE

BISCUIT FLOUR wharvesthem—thesewitharethe onlywavesa fewlappingof theagainstrich

possibilities. Remember, however, that Say "GLOBE A-l"Save the difference

you must have a very fast shutter to Globe "Al"Enriched Flour; Biscuit Flour; Cake Flour;

stop the wings of birds in flight. UsuButtermilk Pancake & Waffle Flour; Macaroni & Noodles

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1942

TO MY BABY SON A SUPERB HOTEL By VIRGIL HAWS

Little Fellow: We both must learn how dust on a

sweating brow can take away worry.

yesterday. I heard your world ma theI stood by and saw you come into We must learn to catch the beauty of first vines flowers. the and must know We

your gasp and saw you choke. I saw security of set of our own, a home

lungs heave and heard you cry lustily. among our efforts. We must grow a

searching look I ran one hasty, down garden.

little perred body. IN SAN FRANCISCO your were You

Already, silk that black the damp, fect from Convenient to business, social, world needs The wrinkled clung your to your head to I'm dreamingyou—noof matteryour future.what

shopping and theatres* Single fingers and toes. Suddenly, I knew that you learn to do. The world will use

from $4 Double from $6 I had need to rejoice. you if I'm big enough for the job your

has coming brought.

generally Suites from $10 * A at as I tiny gaze so seem down You con- a leader be strong with Will you of rates scale lower sister half large as as your for long you—not victions right? of me. That's up to Am larger she because was. seemed Maybe term occupancy H in leading of I capable that such a way first. tiny so the she seem You was

that I can hardly believe you'll ever you can grasp the fundamentals of leadbe a man. Yet, I know that, beginning ership?

yesterday, when you crammed your fist You see, I'm already beginning to into your greedy little mouth for the dream of your accomplishments. Don't

first time, you began forming habits. expect great things of me. My desires

Habits will grow even faster than you. will be secondary to yours. And, will

They'll harden within you like your you learn, little fellow, that to "play bones, and make the framework for the second fiddle"is the only way to keep

HOTEL personI want thatto tellyouyouare about.to be. That's what one from growing small inside?

Edmond A. Rieder I've been contemplating my job. I neverDon'tbe aexpectstatesman,too muchand probablyof me. willI'll

General Manager want to be proud, in the coming years, never write a book, but don't let glitter to see you point me out and hear you fascinate you. Look for the ordinary

say, "That's my dad! I'm going to be things. To be truly ordinary is to be

just like him!"My job is to prepare truly great. If you can learn, as you

for that day. I'll have to change some grow, to rejoice in the thorough accomtogether. too. We'll grow plishment of ordinary things, I'll try not?: habits, \ ROOFING COSTS fail you. job. I must to It's going a big to be I ARE LESS guard you from dangers. I must teach I dream, not of what you'll be, but of

will task. well accomplish you your physical how to distinguish danger—not WHEN YOU USE you

I it's all as I realize that And, dream, unimportant danger which is relatively to me. Whether you shoulder a gun, OLD AMERICAN—but dangers of another kind. up

machine, the run I'm a or hold a plow, PRODUCTS that of reminds Speaking danger me flying bring to with one through you in Utah) (Made is cleanliness. first line of defense the I colors. job? see have you Can my Paints, Roll Roofing, Roof Shingles, first, let's cleanliness so comes Mental lives Felts, Proofing, to mold. Asphalt two Water Ex- %

pansion Joint, Concrete Curing. begin with it. I'll lead the way. Let's

Asphalt Brick Siding make it the barrier between us and dan- I'm hoping for a day, down through and me. the closing curtain of years, after we've AMERICAN ASPHALT ROOF CORPSE ger—you both grown considerably, when somePHONE 5-5339 \ Work will strengthen our first line one will say, "You've done a good job,

of defense. We'll have to work. I John; you've done well by that boy."

haven't a silver spoon for you. It's And then, I want to feel a firm hand upbetter that I haven't. To work for an on my back and hear a voice that I

end is a good habit. The kind of work know not yet, saying, "Thanks for evisn't for the so important, one formula erything, Dad. You've done a lot for

something is: Tackle success use M0RGR0 now to hard me."

fact is stick to it. well known. That It's UTAH'S and

success, It's but So, I'll keep this letter for you. I'll brings that a habit Perfect it so that IDAHO'S and somewhere away / may you're young, and my telling you may tuck

after again. I've read And, and now plants, lawns, of time. a lot save you Fertilizer—for

after to and, you, duty done you itmy flowers gardens. and

I'll read it Made by A plot of earth is going to help us have sons oi your own, both. You're going to need a place through just once more before I give it

where you can learn to know good, to you, because, you see, it takes inWasatch Chemical Co. clean dirt. Yes, that's a good habit spiration to be a good granddad.

5th 2225 So. Lake East—Salt dirt of lose fear let's begin! repreLittle fellow, welcome! dirt—because at Provo Branches Ogden and honorable. labor is work. Manual Dealers sents Idaho Leading Sold by all Lovingly,

Don't let your experiences with others tell you different. Dad.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1942

IN OUR CAMP By Corporal Ralph W. Winterton

222nd Field Artillery Battalion

Theis 222ndthe outgrowthField Artilleryof the BattalionNauvoo Send them

Legion, organized February 3, 1841, as authorized by the Illinois legislature (of which Abraham Lincoln THEo IMtPROVEMEMT ERA was a member). With the passing of

time, this organization grew and at a 12 full issues of comfort and courage for $2.00

later period was reorganized into a different command, and in the year 1845, the Nauvoo Legion ceased to exist as such. President James K. Polk one year

later requested from President Brigham

Young a battalion of men to aid the federal government in the war then being waged. Four hundred young and

elderly Mormon men were mustered into service at Council Bluffs, July 16, 1846, constituting the Mormon Battalion, the majority of which came from the Nauvoo Legion. The Mormon Battalion, small in number but big in heart

and very proud that they might aid their country in a cause they believed in and desired to defend, marched from Fort

Leavenworth, Kansas, to San Diego,

California, a distance of approximately two thousand miles, and were mustered out at Los Angeles, July 16, 1847. The

Nauvoo Legion Militia of Utah was the successor of the Mormon Battalion.

Then the 222nd Field Artillery Battalion followed.

On March 3, 1941, a group of young

Mormon men were again inducted into federal service, this time to serve and to obey as before—men with a heritageas rich as new tilled soil—from farms

in Utah's southlands, from colleges and from every walk of life, came the Mormon youth to the call of the colors. The

222nd Field Artillery Battalion is very proud to wear as its crest, in memory, in honor, the crest "A Mormon Battalion Soldier."

Life is dangerous; war is dangerous;

but in living our army lives there is a greater danger, a deadlier foe—Satan.

Our aim is to black him out and to leave a clear path so others may follow.

Since induction we have been fortunate in being able to meet together many times in worship. At Camp San When all is said over and over, the No. 1 way of safeguarding your

Luis Obispo, California, we held many services that will never be forgotten. present car until Victory brings new ones, will still be to lubricate the

Prominent Church speakers inspired us with stirring messages, urging us to conengine well. C In the certified Death Valley Death -Test, five duplicate

tinue with our labors and they would never be in vain. The missionary orengines lubricated by five fine bigname oils averaged not half the life

ganization that we formed is function- 1 motoring and availing us of many opportuniof another identical engine that was OILPLATED by Conoco N"ties with the able assistance of our

Chaplain, Lt. George Wooley. We oil. This patented oil will OILPLATE your engine. Change at Your

continue to worship regularly in a true spirit. SaintLatterday all have We Mileage Merchant's Conoco station. Continental Oil Company

tothe spirit of the gospel working and gether find much joy in our weekly worship.

Like missionaries of old we have our tasks to perform, and by doing them we {Concluded on page 394) EXCAVATIONS IN MEXICO CITY

By Charles E. Dibble

Roosevelt Fellow, Institute of International Education

capital, Tenochtitlan Mexico The( presentAztecday City ), wasH situated on an island in Lake Texcoco. At the time of the Conquest the

inhabitants of this island city communicated with the mainland in canoes or by <JW* means of three causeways.

You Owe It To Your Baby To Sample His Foods In Order As the native Indians were converted

To Make Sure He's Getting Those You Think Are Best! to Christianity, their stone idols were

tumbled from their lofty pyramids; their

temples were razed and burned. To

erase from view forever the symbols of their cult, the images of their gods were defaced, thrown into the lake or buried, and then, as though to seal them for all time, colonial buildings were erected over the ruins.

\\*2to&&0??

t OpenFoods a—andtin ofa tinHeinzof anyStrainedother, <*C4** / Notetexturealso theof creamy,HeinzfullbodiedStrained

brand...You'll notice instantly Foods! We carefully, painstakthe delightfully fresh* natural color of ingly strain these select fruits, vegetables,

Heinz food! That's because fineflavored, meats and cereals to an easily digested,

highestgrade fruits and vegetables are satinsmooth consistency. And for lots of

rushed to our kitchens at the very peak of extra flavor and nutritive value, the savperfect ripeness and scientifically cooked ory, nutritious juices collected in cooking within hours of harvesting. are added in the straining process. THEZIL0P0CHTLIFOUNDATIONS(AZTECOFWARTHE GOD).TEMPLEIN HUITTHE

BACKGROUND IS A COLONIAL BUILDING ON -v. THE DEBRIS OF AZTEC PALACES AND TEMPLES.

EVER since 1869—when the House

of Heinz was founded on the principle of providing America Excavations to erect new buildings with quality foods at moderate around the Central Plaza of Mexico prices—the keystone label has stood

for uniformity and fine flavor. And City prove to be veritable archeological

Heinz Baby Foods—15 Strained expeditions. Monoliths, buried over

for Foods infants and 12 Junior four centuries ago, reappear; some of

for this Foods tratoddlers—uphold

dition. Order a supply. You'll save them are badly marred, yet still others

work and worry! preserve remains of the original colors.

Recently a stone monument of the goddess Coatlicue (serpent goddess) was recovered. Still more recently a repreHEINZ sentation of the Feathered Serpent

( Quetzalcoatl ) was found in the excavated debris. The majority of these

Now taste the zestful, wholesome goodness of these highquality remains once decorated the main ceredishes! The delicious, natural monial center of Tenochtitlan.

flavors—as well as valuable vitamins and

minerals—are retained in high degree by As foundations for new buildings are

vacuumpacking in special, protective made, additional remains are certain to tins. enamellined even wonder No tiny appear as evidence of the might and relish bearstrained tots thoroughly foods

ing the famous keystone label! splendor of Tenochtitlan.

BRIGHAM YOUNG

By NEAL McGINTY

/jaC&y&rt.

The "Era"is indebted to Isaac Morris of

Ogden foe this picture, believed to be one of the earliest taken of Brigham Young. It was

given to Brother Morris by his landlady when he was on a mission in Wales. She said that

given had Young chisled rock beside a mountain trail, Brigham his missionit toto England.her personallySince tvhile he J. was on

mission only one President performed Young A golden image upon the highest sill, his time at the in 184041, age to England,

And on the lake a white home coming sailmorethis picturethan forty,was althoughtaken couldit isnotpossiblehave beenthat

These hold fond memories of him still. the picture was taken earlier than that date.

Great cities stand near trails he trod

Forgetting not in din and greed

It was he who won so fair a place for God;

His faith the Indian from darkness freed.

A thousand vales where sego lilies flame,

A thousand clouded peaks white capped with snow

Still love to speak the gallant leader's name

Who came to Utah's Valley—long ago.

We later ones that destiny has thrust

Where he with dauntless tread was first to fare

Hold high his ideals from the dust

And light anew the bright lights glowing there.

TOWARD BETTER

FARMING By Moroni A, Marchant

The author has been employed as a soil technologist by the U. S. D. A. to aid in

establishing better agricultural practices in

Alabama, Mississippi, Wisconsin, and Missouri.

limiting factor of crop producTHEtion on the average farm in Summit County, Utah, is water. Our

problem is similar to a carpenter's having a very limited supply of nails, but plenty of lumber with which to build a house.

Our soils are comparatively fertile, for the most part, having been farmed less than a hundred years. Thus, like

the carpenter trying to build a house with a few nails, we have to build a crop with a limited supply of water.

If we can carry on adequate rotations and soilconserving practices which increase the waterholding capacity of our soil, it is the same as getting more water; for, we can then make two irrigations take the place of three.

Water at $50.00 per acrefoot is the

most expensive item on any farm. We

know that because it is cash out of our pockets. What we don't see is that we

increase our need for water when we!"holdingallow thecapacitysoil to bylosenotitsputtinginnate,backwateron "Look... FelsNaptha the land the barnyard manure which is

allowed to accumulate.

soil its to retain Why, of course! What could that creamy cloud = waterholdingThe ability capacityof a to inand even be—but a blob of rich FelsNaptha suds... floating crease it depends in part on the amount

in a big blue bowl? What could be so wonderfully Thisof organicmaterialmatterhas aorspongelikehumus in thequalitysoil.

white... except linens washed with FelsNaptha Soap? ina longerholdingperiodthe waterof time;for theandplantalso, overand

You'll see Nature turn skywriter many times this this is important, it forms a protective

Summer. Painting this almost -perfect picture of what mulchthe lowerwhichstratareducesof theevaporationsoil, in fromthis

irrigaof it's like to wash the FelsNaptha way. waytions necessaryreducing theto producenumber aofcrop

Almostperfect... because no picture can show likealfalfaconditionsor small commongrains. inTheprotectedspongehow FelsNaptha's two cleaners, gentle naptha and forests, where there is a large amount

richer, golden soap, work together in cool water, to underneath,of leaf litter isandduealwaysto the coolwaterholdingand moist make your washing easier and quicker. capacity of the decayed material or humus. We cannot equal this under culLots ofwomen turn to FelsNaptha Soap in Summer. tivation, but we can, by generous apWhy don't you? plicationlong the effectivenessof manure, increaseof each irrigation.and proAny farmer who scrapes his manure

it, or allows is Golden bar or Golden chips intoit to thedrycreekup andto getblowridawayof headed toward smaller income and more exFels-Naptha pense,sate forevenit bythoughpurchasinghe tries tocommercialcompenfertilizer.

banishes TattleTale Gray This is not offered as a cureall for all fertilityproduction problems, but is a basic and important step in the fight for a better farm living.

Ihe EditorsTaqe

JhibudsL to Vth fl/uukai&A&L By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

{Note: At the request o/ President Grant we reprint here I will also read the following poem by Edgar A.

the at President the graveside remarks which Grant spoke 1918 22,o/ President F. a tribute, Guest: Joseph Smith, November

said President Grant in quoted words, to "the kind o/ man I'd of he and two kinds, Men are like to be.") I'd like to be. of the kind Was

Some preach their virtues, and a few regret more than I can possibly tell that we ExpressThat sorttheirwas liveshe. byNo whatflowerytheyphrasedo.

could not have held these services in the large Or glibly spoken words of praise for friends wasn't him. cheap He of would Won people thousands whereI Tabernacle,

his deep, shallow, course but ran Or their the privilege respect and of payinghave had the kind. pure. was And know You

their leader. love for ourshowing departed find, in a life you manyit Not

I endorse with all my heart every word that has Whose deeds outrun their words so far been uttered here by the lifelong friend of PresiThat more than what they seem they are.

dent Joseph F. Smith, Bishop Charles W. Nibley. There are two kinds of lies as well:

There is no place in the world where men become The kind you live, the ones you tell.

his years through age to youth from Back in the missionso attached to each as other they do untruth. acted never one He

laboring are without theyary field, where money in light the fought he open Out and without price to carry the gospel of life and And didn't care what others thought, salvation to those who know not the truth; and it Nor what they said about his fight

was during their labors as missionaries in the EuroTheIf he onlybelieveddeedsthathe everhe washidright.

pean Mission that a friendship was formed between Were acts of kindness that he did.

President Smith and Bishop Nibley that has been as lasting and as strong, I believe, as the friendship WhatHis wasspeechan unattractivehe had wasfront.plain and blunt;

between any two men in all the Church. Yet children loved him; babe and boy

the strength employ, with he could Played feelings to able I have never been express my fear, are fleet they one and Without else subject as as well has exany somebodyupon injustice deceit. and To sense

pressed them. Perhaps there was no woman not No back door gossip linked his name

a member of President Smith's family that he adWith any shady tale of shame.

mired and loved more or respected more or felt was He did not have to compromise more of a prophetess than the late Eliza R. SnowWithAnd letevildoers,them ply shrewdtheir viciousand wise,trade

Smith. She has written a very beautiful hymn, and Because of some past escapade.

every word of it I feel applies to our beloved President: Men Was areof theof kindtwo kinds,I'd likeandto be.he

No door at which he ever knocked

Thou dost not weep to weep alone; Against his manly form was locked.

The broad bereavement seems to fall If ever man on earth was free

Unheeded and unfelt by none; And independent, it was he.

He was beloved, beloved by all. No broken pledge lost him respect;

He met all men with head erect,

But lo! what joy salutes our grief! And when he passed I think there went

Bright rainbows crown the tearful gloom, A soul to yonder firmament

Hope, hope eternal brings relief; So white, so splendid, and so fine

Faith sounds a triumph o'er the tomb. It came almost to God's design.

to thee. It soothes our sorrow; says If the author had known President Joseph F. to bless; chastening Lord in comes The

God is thy God, and He will be Smith, he could not have written anything that

A Father to the fatherless. would apply more perfectly to him. He was in very

deed a man, in all the walks of life. I became inone; well with the departed Tis bright. timately associated with him before I reached my His heavenlit lamp was shining

And when his mortal day went down, majority, and for thirtysix years I have been asHis spirit fled where reigns no night. sociated with him in the councils of this Church,

first when he was a counselor in the First Presi- 'Tis died, die as meet to he has smiled death's gloom, dency, and later when he was President of the conquered amid He

While angels waited by his side, Church. During all these years I have never known

To bear a kindred spirit home. of anything in his life in either word or act, that

was not worthy of a real man; I could say in all

Vain are the trophies wealth can give!

His memory needs no sculptor's art; sincerity: "He was the kind of man I'd like to be."

He left a name—his virtues live Standing here by his grave, I desire more than lan-

'Graved on the tablets of the heart. (Concluded on page 411)

3Pul... DUNCAN FLOOD

By SPENCER KIMBALL President of Mt. Graham Stake

day long while A,.ll

the Saints were in conference at

Safford it continued to rain, and pour and run. Members of the Church

from far and near kept shifting their glances from the conference speaker to the window and wondering if and when it would stop and if and how they could get to their homes in all parts of the Mt. Graham Stake. By

the time that stake conference was dismissed in the late afternoon, the SCENE OF FLOOD AT DUNCAN. ORIGINALPhotosCHANNELby SpencerOF KimballRIVER

heavens had largely emptied themIN BIG BEND CIRCLED BY TREES.

selves and the torrential cloudburst had become a drizzle. Many of the... The same day were all the fountains of the

people were marooned at places great deep broken up, and the windows of heaven where highways were inundated. were opened. and the rain was upon the earth.

Fears grew as we realized that every... (Gen. 7:1112)

gully, wash, and arroyo was simultaneously carrying everincreasing rivulets to the common channels of cry. "Leave the cars and personal water. Friendly arms carried her,

the Gila River, draining the huge things and get the people out."Men also, to safety.

watershed in eastern Arizona and and boys pushed again and again Darkness came on and found the western New Mexico. through the swirling torrent, now populace all out of their homes but

Monday morning brought reports waist deep, holding hands to prohungry, sleepy, and wet and without that the Gila River was rising; that tect each other, to home after home changes of clothing. The telephone

new freshets were above, crowding leading and helping to high ground girl had done her duty well and addown through the narrows. A memthe women and children. joining towns began to learn of the

ber of the high council who had One sixteenyear old Aaronic disaster. Local truckmen brought

property near the state line far up Priesthood member and Eagle Scout food, tons being supplied by breththe river above Duncan, Arizona, helped eight across the deep water ren in the produce business; blankets

rushed to a phone to warn the people and carried the last, a young lady, came from the Soil Conservation of the town of Duncan. To one of when she lost her footing and slipped Service at Safford, drinking water in

the merchants, he excitedly urged screaming into the stream. a tank from Lordsburg. The high

"The river is rising and is sure to President J. Vernon McGrath asschool plant became a dormitory and

run through the business section of sisted others in pushing to high cafeteria, and people were put to bed

Duncan. Better get your merchanground their personal belongings. as well as it could be done on the

dise high. Get everybody above the He found a woman in a tree and floors and the few cots that were

tracks. The crest will reach Duncan helped carry her to safety. Her available. Many were taken to the

in an hour."husband, ill in bed, they carried to homes higher up and into the FrankWarnings came from many a car which several men floated to lin Ward which was high above the

sources, but the cry of "Wolf, Wolf"high ground. A hastily built raft tide. But all did not sleep. Local

had been heard many times and the made by placing boards across two men organized themselves and kept river had risen to the railroad tracks wash tubs made a vessel and on it watch lest the wild invader push before but never over into the town, was a woman recently confined who, them up the hillside farther and so why worry? School was dismissed with her baby, was taken to safety. bring yet worse destruction.

early and busses moved quickly out She had been helped down from the The hectic night seemed an eterof town and to higher ground. leanto roof of her home to which nity but finally came the dawn and

The fast rising water was now she had climbed with the two week revealed a sickening sight. With no

running over the approach to the old infant. sign of retreat the river continued

bridge. The depot was in water; the mercilessly to damage everything in

tracks no longer high; a new river "\\7ater was now in all the public its path.

coming down the main street ever and business buildings. The The news of the catastrophe was

deeper and swifter. The "Wolf"telephone girl remained at her post, being broadcast by our Safford rahad come and the thousand inhabwarning and notifying the outside dio station as I arose that Tuesday

itants of Duncan, Arizona, were seriworld of the plight of the town. morning. Though I placed a call for

ous enough about it now. Higher and higher the water came President McGrath, my counselor, at

"Get the people out"came the up the stool till she was sitting in once, it was more than an hour be364

Siifuf o$. ihsL $tcL ftiv&A. fiampaqsL, JJul

mud ihsL AuaxJl WsdfyahSL (phaqJuwc at (jJ&dc

fore he could be reached. The telealphabet groups and Red Cross

relief agencies hastily improworkers and hadphone company from WmXM% Mexico werevised a Safboth Arizona garage, office in a and and an New ford operator was on duty but all assembling at the high school, each HIlines were out of commission except hoping to lend a helping hand. We

one line through Lordsburg, New moved about among the people tryMexico. When his voice finally ing to cheer them up and ascertain

came over the wire I could feel his their needs. The bishop and his

tenseness and concern, and I said I workers with President McGrath would be right up. had been looking after their flock

It took only a little while to fill well. All morning, government and

my car with food from the interstake private airplanes had been droning storehouse in Safford and in little overhead taking pictures of the flood.

over half an hour I had made the More food came and additional supCOVEREDHOUSES WEREWITH FLOODED;OILY MUD.FURNITUREforty miles and was nearing Duncan. plies.

What a sight met my gaze! The It took some time to get a teleone high street, running along the phone line to Safford around through Sept. 30, 1941

hill was blocked off, but when I exLordsburg but finally I heard a faPresident Heber }. Grant and Counselors

St. East South Temple voice mission, and 47 operator'splained miliar Safford I was permitted my

Salt City, Utah Lake following her the zone. theto enter relayed through

I located President McGrath and telegram to Salt Lake City: Major flood disaster Duncan. Many of

the bishop. Immediately we got together in council and learned that

many of our people had been bedded down for the night in the homes of

Latterday Saints in the Duncan and

Franklin wards and that those fortunate ones were providing food and comfort, and that though the L. D. S.

people comprised about twentyfive percent of the population in the town of Duncan, there was a much smaller percentage than that eating at the

C. C. C. camp on the hill which was

now made the official center for meals. We found that government

FENCES WERE BURIED OR

WASHED AWAY.

ADOBE BUILDINGS "MELTED"IN THE

FAST MOVING CURRENT.

our people homeless temporarily—few permanently. Almost total loss of crops, extensive damage to farm lands, homes and

furnishings. We are handling matter and

will advi e you further later.

Spencer Kimball, Pres. Mt. Graham Stake

and later the same day received the reply: Salt Lake City, Utah Sept. 30, 1941

President Spencer Kimball:

Express our deep sympathy to the people of Duncan. We have referred your telegram to Elder Harold B. Lee who will get

in touch with you to see what you need and if the Welfare can supply it.

First Presidency (Continued on page 366) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1942

The Duncan Flood

(Continued from page 365) "..The Waters Were Abated.."

(Gen. 8:11)

A fter we accounted for our people of the Duncan and Franklin wards, and learned that none were lost, our next question was the people of the Virden Ward, across the

New Mexico line some eight miles up the river. Many families had

been separated without communication. The Virden bridge was washed

out, the Duncan bridge cut off by deep streams across the approach.

The telephone wires were down, and FLOOD DAMAGE TO CULTIVATED LAND.

no word had passed across the river.

By this time the stream down the Virden to administer to the despercrops gone and sand and gravel piled main street was only to the running ately sick woman. high on other acres, but if he could

boards and my car could get through. Though there had been the reporthave a little more time before his

We found the bishop at the light ed drowning of two children, they recently called missionary was to plant feverishly working to try to were subsequently found and we leave he could "get by."

restore light and power. His wife were relieved to learn that there had Another family had their house

accompanied us in the restricted zone been no loss of human life, but what "high on a windy hill'and were safe, and came back to the car bravely a sickening sight! Farm land everybut so much could not be said for

trying to hold back the tears after where was under water, much of it their crops. The onions had just

her first sight of her home and its under cutting, gouging currents. been dug and sacked and his alfalfa

contents. We next drove by the Cotton was submerged, hegari laid was ready to haul when the storm

depot toward the bridge but were fiat, and alfalfa made a carpet for clouds gathered. Thinking that the

stopped by the officers who said the the stream to speed on. It gave prorain would not damage the onions

car could not pass. It was still too tection to some of the rich soil. High so much as the hay, he spent the day

dangerous. We might cross on foot corn almost ready for harvest fought before the storm bringing in the

if we liked. Word of the serious valiantly against the power of the feed for his stock. Then the rain

illness of his mother had been sent stream but ultimately must bend to came and it -was too late to get to one of the Virden brethren who the will of the greater force. the onions out. A thousand sacks,

had been marooned in Duncan. He Every acre of one large farm was standing in rows through the field

had not heard of the plight of his a new river except the home and became easy prey for the everfamily, nor had they heard of him. farm buildings on a little hill. The widening river. Onions were found

We took a chance. The water was owner's hogs had gone down the miles away, in the forks of trees, by

swift and treacherous. Two frame stream, his land was gutted, his the hotel, back in the cotton fields.

dwellings had been washed from crops were gone, his machinery damAnd there was an excellent war price their moorings and were crisscross aged, but he and his brave wife were for those onions had another day of in the middle of the road, having still smiling and thankful that their grace been given him for the harvest.

broken the power lines in their flounchildren were safe. As we went up the valley, the

dering. It was difficult to keep our Another brother told us his fences story of devastation was repeated

footing, but we finally reached the were washed away, much of his again and again with variations. The

high floor of the bridge and were Virden brethren, keenly interested rushed by one of the brethren up to DRYING SILT. THESE CRACKS ARE FIFTEEN in each other, led by their quorum

INCHES DEEP. officers and the bishop had hurried

down to the river as soon as they learned the seriousness of the situation.

The story was printed in The Pathfinder at Washington, D. C, of

a woman who climbed up a tree out of reach of the water, clinging there for twelve hours. She "had obnoxious company—two rattlesnakes that

insisted on sharing the tree with her."

\\7e found all were safe. The few in

* * Virden who were made homeless were well taken care of by the ward members. Though we knew that the

farmers'loss would be the greater in (Continued on page 405)

of caffeine would cause death. When caffeine

enters the human body it produces at first a feelingCAFFEINE of stimulation, followed by a period of depression, m. folcL (DjunkA, reliefcaffeine.fromIt whichis thereforeis soughthabit forming.by the useTheof powermore

of the will is weakened. It deceives the user into

By DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE the belief that he is better off, when in fact he is

Of the Council of the Twelve laying the foundation for an increasingly worse (Reprinted from the November 1939 issue of The condition. The constant taking of even small doses

Improvement Era of a poisonous drug has cumulative effects, and leads eventually to disease.

S there caffeine in cola drinks? Many of our Caffeine acts directly upon the brain. Drowsi-I

readers have asked this question. Therefore, ness is banished. Impressions come more rapidly,

this reply is made. so that connected thought becomes more difficult.

In recent years, upwards of seventy brands of Insomnia, irritability, loss of memory, high bloodcola drinks have appeared on the American market. pressure, headaches, and other nervous disorders

An almost unparalleled advertising campaign has usually follow the extended use of caffeine drinks.

urged the use of these drinks upon the public. The heart, the muscles, and the circulatory system

These beverages invariably exert a stimulating are likewise affected unfavorably by caffeine. The

effect upon the body and leave a desire for more. irritation or injurious stimulation of the kidneys is

They are habit forming. This has made observers a major evil of caffeine. Injury to eyes, ears, and

of the Word of Wisdom question the propriety of the various glands from the caffeine habit has been using cola drinks. reported. Indigestion and loss of appetite are

Nearly all the cola drinks on the market have often found among drinkers of caffeine beverages.

been analyzed by public and private agencies. Caffeine poisoning is a malady of frequent ocMoreover, the manufacturers have been willing, in currence.

the main, to declare the composition of their cola It is conceded by all informed and rightminded products. There need be, therefore, no secrecy people, that while caffeine is injurious at any period

about the nature of most of the ingredients of cola of life, it is especially dangerous when used by beverages. young people. The unscrupulous attempts of some

All authorities agree that cola drinks are solumanufacturers of cola drinks to include such bevertions of sugar—about one ounce of sugar in a six ages in school lunches and for Boy Scout outings,

ounce bottle of the drink. To this solution is added should receive public condemnation. Likewise, to

aflavoring—caramelmixture, of secretbeingformula,usuallyforthe coloringcoloring suband keepdren, suchis a drinksdangerousin the practice.home, withinCertainly,reach of chilthey

stance, and phosphoric, tannic, or some other acid should not be used in ward, stake, or other Church frequently used among the flavoring substances. socials.

cafdrug, of the a quantity there is addedThen,

It would be well if, by law if necessary, the Finally, tea. active in coffee substancefeine, the and

the mixture is carbonated. composition of cola drinks, especially the caffeine

These drinks appear on the market in two forms content, were shown on the bottle or other conin bottles, or as syrups mixed with carbonated tainers. Such law exists in some states. Since the

water at the sodafountain counter. sale of coffee and tea is not prohibited, naturally

therefore the drinks cola the sale of is not illegal, cola drink, accordbottle six or eight of a ounce A or other of S. government bureaus the U. very approval at to hand, of them analyses theing most

recent, contains ordinarily from onefourth to onepure food agencies merely means that the bevthird (sometimes more) as much caffeine as is erages do not contain excessive quantities of found in a cup of homebrewed coffee. At the caffeine.

soda water fountain, the strength of the mixture The following cola drinks are specifically mendepends on the quantity of syrup added to the tioned by the sources below listed, as containing glass of water. caffeine: Braser, BromoKola, Shero, CleoCola,

It is held by several authorities that pure caffeine, CocaCola, Dandy Cola, D. C. Cola, Double Cola,

as used in cola drinks, is more active, unit for unit, Dr. Pepper, LaVida Cola, Lime Cola concentrate,

than that occurring naturally in the coffee bean. Par-T-Pak Cola, PepsiCola, Royal Crown ( R-C

This is because, in the bean, caffeine is held in assoCola, Western Cola, Wynola.

ciation with other substances, thus lessening its The above statements are based essentially upon physiological effect. Therefore, while bottled cola published or private information supplied by the

drinks, judged by their caffeine content, may be U. S. Department of Agriculture, the Utah State

looked upon as weak coffee, they are probably of Board of Agriculture, the State Agricultural Exequal physiological potency with the usual coffee periment Station of Alabama and Connecticut, brew. the State Chemical Laboratories of North Dakota

Cola drinks contain the drug, caffeine. For and South Dakota, the State Department of Health

that reason, every argument used against coffee of Kentucky, the American Medical Association, and tea, and some other arguments, may be used The Consumers'Digest, the Consumers'Research, against cola drinks, and all other beverages conand Fortune.

taining caffeine, even in small amounts. They are Further information on the subject may be obdetermined habit formers, and may lead to the tained from the agencies mentioned above, your

coffee and tea habit. They injure human health. state Board of Health, your physician and from

Caffeine is a drug, an alkaloid, related to some of almost any magazine or book dealing with the the most violent poisons. In fact, an excessive dose subject.

WESTWARD

AMERICA jcl BY CHARLOTTE KNIGHT AJt&uf ofc. cl booL and ##LJJul

wwvmuwL jdQjdicatacL Jb pMMJwsb Pioneer Trails Association was founded in 1 930 with George Albert

Smith as president and John D. Giles,

executive secretary. At once they

began to make things hum. They

enlisted active support of scores of communities in the state; celebrations were held, memorial pageants

staged; and more than one hundred

enduring monuments were erected at famed "story spots"in Utah and other states. The movement was

taken up and carried forward by other states over which historic trails run, with the result that probably five hundred such monuments have been dedicated along the Oregon, the Mormon, the California, the

Pony Express and other highways of the old West. Several national,

and many state historical parks have also been established.

The first great impetus to give nationwide recognition to the pioneer movement came in 1930 when, through the request of the Oregon

Trail Memorial Association, President Herbert Hoover proclaimed that year as a Covered Wagon Centennial. That particular year had

double significance: it was on April

1 0, 1 830, that a wagon train left frontier St. Louis for a rendezvous in the

HOWARD R. DRIGGS, WILLIAM L. CARD, PRESIRockies, blazing a wagon trail right

DENT OF THE UTAH CLUB OF NEW YORK, AND to the edge of old Oregon; also 1930

AR99-YEAROLD WILLIAM JACKSON, HENRY

TIST, DR. celebrated the hundredth anniverFUNCTION AT ATTEND WHICH

the directors of the OFDRIGGSTHE UTAHRECEIVESCLUBTHEOF ACHIEVEMENTNEW YORK, "FORAWARDDISsary of Ezra Meeker's birth. So onWHENnewly - formed American TINGUISHED SERVICE TO UTAH AND THE that important modernday occasion,

Pioneer Trails Association WEST."April 10, 1930, in that same city of

requested Dr. Howard R. Driggs to St. Louis, another wagon train, manserve as president, they knew they George D. Pratt, who not only ned by buckskinclad mountaineers,

were choosing a man who was notwanted to help save the American reenacted with stirring pageantry ably qualified to accept this eminent epic but was willing to give Mr. that great event of a century before

position, for his entire life had qualiMeeker the backing he needed. Out—only this time there were thoufied him for this office. of his efforts came The Oregon Trail sands of cheering people lined along

The story of this movement, and Memorial Association with Ezra the streets of a now bustling metropWestward America, the book that Meeker as president, and among its olis.

has come out of it, goes back about charter members two Utahns—Dr.

fifteen years ago. Among the picDriggs and Dr. George W. MiddleHThe central celebration was held

turesque personages from whom Dr. ton. Later, upon Meeker's death at at Independence Rock, the famed

Driggs drew much story material the age of ninetyeight, members of Wyoming landmark on a trunkline was that grand old character, Ezra the board persuaded Howard R. of pioneer trails. The Utah deleMeeker, himself a veteran of many Driggs to accept the presidency. gation for this occasion, headed by

pioneer treks on the western plains Under the sponsorship of this asGeorge Albert Smith, included Presand who was intent upon dramatizsociation, enthusiastic leaders in sevident Heber J. Grant, John D. Giles,

ing and saving the old Oregon trail. eral Western states formed local B. H. Roberts, Ruth May Fox, AnWith him, Dr. Driggs wrote Oxunits to campaign for the preservadrew Jenson, George Q. Morris,

Team Days on the Oregon Trail, tion of the historic resources of their Oscar A. Kirkham, Nephi L. Morris,

and through the publisher met particular states. In Utah, the Utah Walter M. Stookey, George W.

REPRODUCTION OF ONE WILLIAMOF HENRY IM—HHiJACKSON'S NUMEROUS

WESTERN PAINTINGS.

Middleton, Joseph Wirthlin, and maps, precious documents were sudto serve as president. Associated

Alma Clayton. Boy Scout troops denly brought to life; many historic with this new national organization

from all over the country participated buildings became libraries and muwill be a state council from each of in the event, and more than ten thouseums and were thus preserved from the fortyeight states, composed of sand Americans from East and West the ravages of modern building enkey professional, business, educajoined in the ceremonies. On Indeterprise; school leaders seized their tional, and political leaders. Each

pendence Day the massive Rock was opportunity to enrich their educastate, supported by the national formally dedicated as nature's tional program with a wealth of macouncil, will take care of its part of monument "to the pioneers that won terials at hand. the many interstate trails which may

and held our West."Soon it became evident that a great run beyond its boundaries and will

That year was a memorable one. national organization was needed to mark these routes with national inThroughout the entire country it is correlate these local and state groups signia and plaques to be supplied by

estimated that between two and and so, as an outgrowth of the Orethe parent organization. Within

three million persons took part in gon Trail Memorial Association, the state council, there will be formed these state and national pioneer celethe American Pioneer Trails Assolocal units to supervise their parbrations. The Spanish trail, the ciation was formed and at the reticular section of the state. Under

Overland Stage trail, the route of quest of a Board of Directors which the farsighted leadership of Dr.

the Pony Express, the Old Wilderincluded such national figures as Driggs, the national association will ness Road, Cumberland Gap, the Julius F. Stone, Anne Morgan, stimulate, direct, and coordinate the

Mohawk, Lewis and Clark, LackaCharles Davis, F. W. Lafrentz, and work of these state units, historic wanna, and many other trails—all others, Howard R. Driggs agreed societies, civic, educational, and

took on new meaning for a populace youth groups.

the to understand that was beginning over OF pioneer MEMBERS OFFICERS AND movement OF THE SOME Out of this

ASTRAILS TRAILS OREGON AND UTAH THE Neglected of its heritage. richness have come many of years a period CABIN, BRIDGER OLD SOCIATIONS THE AT

diaries, faded letters, rare books and OGDEN, UTAH. tangible and encouraging results;

but of infinitely greater importance, many millions of Americans, by helping to< preserve various phases of history close to their own lives, have come to learn something of the meaning of America; they are better

able to understand the ideals for which we are fighting at this moment, for they recognize them to be the same ideals that won and saved this nation. We have learned also

that liberty is not something that is vouchsafed to us without a struggle, but rather that we have won only the opportunity to continue to fight for it. (Continued on page 403) $jujcwl Iwiktu (Imonc Uul huqqsuL JwcJtA, # San*

THAT OTHER SHADOW

By ALBERT R. LYMAN risk. venture no needless the boys to desperate more man

turned a and Without the hid word they than Bill N<oGabe ever among wild rocks of San Juan County from rode away, not venturing to adverthe reaching hands of outraged law. tise their mistrust of the sliteyes by

Loaded with his guns, he was camped any glance behind. But the man in

somewhere on a broken rim of the the rocks advertised his mistrust of

Barton Range, resolved with the them by shattering the desert silence first sign of anyone on his trail, to in a loud yell as they rode away, "If cross the San Juan River and vanish you fellers try any smart game I'll in the Navajo reservation and the get both of you sure as you're alive."

deserts of Arizona.

understood deThe boys he was till well for pending a Ihey said nothing his watersupply on certain hole west of Lime Creek out of hearing, and glanced back a Navajo had seen him there filling only when about to disappear over his canteen, and they figured that by a ridge. They detected no moving

watching that hole they could surthing behind them, and since the sun in the slanted from low on them arrest prise and he came him when to delibersky, they paused western

It again. hazardous was extremely

ate. that, business, the but boys knew sheriff, sir,"the repeated "Yes, that they recognized had somebody that's but hombre, "he's a mighty bad it to job, the since do had been and refold up I should reason no my they them, to on wished planned the forget people sponsibility and avoid only moving under danger by

I'd this job. hate looking to do to me night after cover of reached they had

the vicinity of the desperado's desert to kill any man, even that old murlair. derer, but I can think of a lot of things

From the summit of Lime Ridge the country needs worse than it needs they scanned the broken country him."

through their binoculars and dis- "Quite a descent from missionary business,"to this and kind of of life,covered dework they no sign so his head disparshook the deputy to ride creekcided the on across and wait for the shadows of night to agingly. we're that bird old knows "Now theircover further movements.

sheriff, the with declared after him,"GOIN'"NOBODY'S TAKE ME hills side, In the the west on TO as WHERE WANTTO GOconclusion, of the forthcoming a tone I 'ATDON'T IT'LL ANYBODY TRIES HIS GET like rim, voice a athey passed low off for "he'll right OFF."Arizona HEAD BLOWED headthe of bark a broke savage dog

he'll bridge crossing the between be stillness, into thesharply they and morning."and

right quickly at nowlooked winning into the and appeal, looked calmly up 'im,""It'll volunto stop easy be the villain peering the over the a big gun. rocksmuzzle of Behind hide deputy, can the teered "we

his studied and adjusting whiskers, of of agun two was mop a way in side that of the and there slits this jar wits surprise. "If to of of threateneyes, the awicked and in like 'im a rat a have bridgetrap—and you'lling us,"scowl. with suggested, he come

if refuses to surrender?"he what calmly, right "we'll that the guarantee back you you "Go way

it's for it,"then refuses, "If him he fair get thecame,"have a one, rasped the the bearded trial—you'll and be free to go after a pause the sheriff added,ugly element of challenge and extrouble over with

ultation seeming to come from bewhere you please.""him or us."

tween his clenched teeth, "Nobody's But the bearded one wanted no The other studied it with a frown.

goin'to take me where I don't want fair trial, and no interference from "I guess you're right; as you say

of the given warrant been you've 'at triesto his the crimes anybody. it'll get he had With go—anybody 'im in, to bring the order arrest and If nothing he expected but a on his record got you'vehead blowed off.

lick of sense you'll take my word an'the firingsquad or the rope, if ever and people are hanging on you the not require any proof."he were captured. "Don't be a- assurance of their safety. But what

about a lunch? We may be there The boys—the sheriff and his tellin'me what to do,"he hissed, stilldeputy, boys in their middle twenkeeping the murderous old 4590 in a long time—we'll have to do someties, and both recently returned from position for instant action. "Just walking—we can't take our horses

there."missions in the East—looked from shut up and go< back—begin any kind

the big gun to each other and made of trick, and I'll shoot you like two "We'll go down and eat supper it very apparent they were not condogs."at The Hat, and put our ponies in

templating any immediate action. There was but one safe and sane that old stable."

The sheriff, a man of cool nerve course to take, and wisdom impelled (Continued on page 388)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1942 ll Brother William entered the carriage, and said to the marshal, "I going to the Mansion House, JhsL am "BOGUS won't you ride with me?"

They both went to the Mansion House, There were my sons Joseph

A., Brigham, Jr., and Brother HeberBRIGHAM STORY C. Kimball's boys, and others who

were looking on, and all seemed at of once to understand are and partake probably of President Brigham sagacity quickwittedness Young and THE in incident in the engaging following the carrithan the joke. his own better shown nowhere They followed

experience, which was related by him in a public address in Logan, Utah, Sunday, age to the Mansion House and gathrecorded 1871, and July 23, it is verbatim. copied here which in theWhoJournalknowsof butDiscourses,what thisVol.was 14:218-9,a providentialfrom ered around Brother Miller, with

action which saved Brigham from being carried away to Carthage to meet a tears in their eyes, saying, "Father, fate similar to that which befell the Prophet Joseph and his brother, Hyrum. or President Young, where are you

-Heber Q. Hale. going?"Brother Miller looked at

them kindly, but made no reply; and

the marshal really thought he had

I do not profess to be got "Brother Brigham."

much of a joker, but I do think this Lawyer Edmonds, who was then to be one of the best jokes ever perstaying at the Mansion House, appetrated. By the time we were at preciating the joke, volunteered to

work in the Nauvoo Temple, officiate Brother Miller to go to Carthage ing in the ordinances, the mob had with him and see him safe through.

learned that Mormonism was not When they arrived within two or dead, as they had supposed. We had three miles of Carthage, the marshal

completed the walls of the temple, with his posse stopped. They arose in

and the attic story from about half their carriages, buggies and wagons, way up of the first windows, in about and, like a tribe of Indians going into fifteen months. It went up like magic, battle, or as if they were a pack of

and we commenced officiating in the demons, yelling and shouting, they ordinances. Then the mob comexclaimed, "We've got him! We've

menced to hunt for other fictions; got him! We've got him!"

they had already killed the Prophets When they reached Carthage the

Joseph and Hyrum in Carthage jail, marshal took the supposed Brigham while under the pledge of the state into an upper room of the hotel, and for their safety, and now they wantplaced a guard over him, at the same ed Brigham, the president of the time telling those around that he had

Twelve Apostles, who were then got him. Brother Miller remained

acting as the Presidency of the in the room until they bade him come

Church.

I was in my room in the temple; BRIGHAM YOUNG tocamesupper.in, one Whileafter thethere,other,partiesand

it was in the southeast corner of the asked for Brigham. Brother Miller

upper story. I learned that a posse shal is here for me; will you go and was pointed out to them. So it conwas lurking around the temple, and do just as I tell you? If you will, I tinued, until an apostate Mormon, by

that the United States marshal was will serve them a trick."the name of Thatcher, who had lived

waiting for me to come down, where- I knew that Brother Miller was an in Nauvoo, came in, sat down and upon I knelt down and asked my Faexcellent man, perfectly reliable and asked the landlord where Brigham ther in heaven, in the name of Jesus, capable of carrying out my project. Young was. The landlord, pointing

to guide and protect me that I might Said I, "Here, take my cloak"; but across the table to Brother Miller,

live to prove advantageous to the it happened to be Brother Heber C. said, "That is Mr. Young."

Saints. in alike as cloaks I arose Kimball's; knees from Just were our my I can't replied, Thatcher "Where?

I chair, size. sat color, in fashion, thereand threw came and down my like looks Brigham."that it see one any

I in,"a said, at his told rap door. shoulders, him around and "Come my

it that told landlord him was The Brother Grant, to hatand D. George accompany and wear who my eating. fat, fleshy man did then driving carGrant. Brother D. engaged Georgewas He my!"Thatcher, exclaimed "Oh,riage so. for chores doing enme, and h—

tered the room. I said to Brother Grant, "George, "that's not Brigham; that is William

Said he, "Brother Young, do you you step into the carriage and look Miller, one of my old neighbors,"know that a posse and the United towards Brother Miller, and say to Upon hearing this, the landlord

States marshal are here?"him, as though you were addressing went, and, tapping the sheriff on the

I told him I had heard so. On enme, 'Are you ready to ride?'You can shoulder, took him a few steps to

tering the room Brother Grant left do this, and they will suppose Brothone side, and said, "You have made the door open. Nothing came into er Miller to be me, and proceed ac- a mistake, that is not Brigham

my mind what to do, until looking cordingly,"which they did. Young; it is William Miller, of Naudirectly across the hall I saw Brother Just as Brother Miller was entervoo."

William Miller leaning against the ing the carriage, the marshal stepped The marshal, very much astonwall. As I stepped towards the door up to him, and, placing his hand upished, exclaimed, "Good heavens!

I beckoned to him; he came. Said on his shoulder, said, "You are my and he passed for Brigham."

I to him, "Brother William, the marprisoner."( Concluded on page 394)

CARTHAGE JAIL (L fikyMcaL 0Mj&upiwtL & an. 2(LdJtfricaL SlMidbuJUL

By JOSEPH A. and EUNICE McRAE

J.,heHI knowledge that Carthage, Illinois,T is an actual place

on the map of the United States is known in every civilized land, and because of what happened there

June 27, 1844, visitors from every part of the world come to get first hand information concerning the town and the old jail. There are

many tales brought from other parts of the country, some of which seem to have some basis in fact, but most are fantastic. a

The story of the old jail as it has been unfolded in a day by day reconstruction and research among oldtimers has been carefully recorded. The following is an account

of the contract for the building, with a description of its various parts:

The contract for the erection of CARTHAGE JAIL AS IT LOOKS TODAY a county jail for Hancock County, was let in July, 1839, to William is about four feet deep and, like the

Metcalf, a local contractor. Assowalls, is of yellow limestone. This

ciated with him was Samuel Dickinfoundation is three feet thick and son. They completed the structure extends about a foot above the soil

early in 1840. line. From there to the top of the

The jail is built of yellow limefirst story the wall is two and a half stone and is two and a half stories feet thick, thus providing a shelf of high with a gable roof. There were six inches to sustain the floor joists

two jail rooms and a jailor's resifor the ground floor. The second

dence. The outside measurements story walls are two feet thick, again

are twentyeight feet four inches providing the sixinch shoulder for from east to west, and thirtyfour the joists, and the gable walls are feet three inches from north to south. one and a half feet thick for the

It is located three blocks from the same reason.

Carthage public square by which faces south and The buildingstands the present courthouse, the gable the presents end to Walnut one which was there in 1 844 having Street. There are three rooms and

been torn down first floor. the The to make room for a on passagewaythe present one. east of side the rooms on two The foundation of Carthage jail the

LOOKING UP THE building were living rooms for the

STAIRWAYTHROUGH FRONT ENTRANCETHE fifteenjailor; thefeetfrontandroomthe diningis fifteenroomby

twelve by twelve feet. These rooms

and the passageway have hewn oak logs for floor joists, spaced about two feet and covered with one and a quarter inch tongued and grooved oak floor of random widths, held down with large cut nails. (Some

of the floor nails are twentypenny.

The other room on this floor was called the "debtor's room,"twelve by twelve feet, and perhaps used

THE "CELL"to confine prisoners for minor ofROOM fenses. This room contains two

barred windows and is entered directly through the passageway running to the front door. This is the

room where the Prophet and his

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1942

are oak logs eight inches thick and placed close together. There are

twelve floor joists running the length of the room; the ceiling joists running across the room are twentysix

in number. Doubtless the joists were

so placed as to prevent prison escapes.

To the right and east of the stair landing is the jailor's bedroom, sixteen by sixteen feet. This is the

room in which the Prophet and his companions spent the night of June 26, 1844, There was one bed that would accommodate two persons, the other members of the party sleeping on the floor. The door

through which we enter this room contains two mute bullet marks as a reminder of what happened here the following evening. The floor is

JAILOR'S BEDROOM, SHOWING THE WINoak, and all the windows and door companions spent the night of June DOWFELL THROUGH WHICH THE PROPHET casings are of walnut and oak. The

25, 1844. The floor joists in this ceiling and floor joists are hewn oak

room are oak logs placed close tologs, but not as close together as in gether, perhaps to discourage any the prison rooms. There are two

who might think to escape by the windows on the south and one on floor route. the east. This east window is the

There are five other windows on one through which the Prophet this floor, one in the dining room, was shot to death, and the one three in the living, or front room, through which the shot came that and one by the stairway. The winstruck John Taylor's watch. A firedows in the living room are different place is on the north, topped by a

from any in the house; they each walnut and oak mantle. From the

contain fifteen panes of glass, six floor the blood stains still cry against in the lower sash and nine in the what took place here nearly a hunupper. These windows are set in, dred years ago.

or the wall cut in, to provide a sort Turning south at the top of the of alcove. The frame work of all stairs there is another hallway, and

are of walnut and the sash of white a window giving light to this part pine is all handmade. There is a of the building. From this hallway

door leading from the dining room is a winding stair, entered through through the east wall, one between a narrow door. This stairway leads

the dining and living room, one to the attic, where are two small from the living room to the hallway rooms with low arched ceilings, and and the front door, all walnut. one must bow the head to pass

Passing from the living room we through them. A window is on the

enter the hallway, which is seven north and one on the south in the feet wide and contains a threefoot- gable ends. These rooms were

wide stairway of fourteen steps, (Concluded on page 391 protected by a walnut hand rail and LOOKINGTHE "DEBTINTO balusters. The treads of the stairs OR'S"ROOM

are oak and have lasted through the FROMHALLWAY THE more than a hundred years, up which thousands have passed to view the blood stains on the floor above. Though this stairway has

been used for so many years, it is in excellent condition—save for

signs of wear on the treads. SHOWING THE

Directly at the top of the stairs THEFIREPLACELIVINGIN and to the north, we enter the other ROOM prison room called the "cell"room or "dungeon,"twelve feet by twenty-four feet six inches. There is

one barred window on the west and two ventilators on the north. These

ventilators are about a foot up and down and three inches wide. The

floor and ceiling joists of this room

THE RIVER TO A LOVED ONE AS TREES

By Luacine Clark Fox By Lucile Jones By Ida Rees life T SEEK loveliness: as of cool hills, AS trunk,straight and clean as the tall aspenSoTheseswift days,the speed of

quiet forests, Among so many gnarled and dwarfed andAs hurrying—relentless And

As a giant river, once pentup, And the heartrest and the eyerest shrunk

But now in wild, torrential freedom Of the sea So would I have my son.

Cutting trees aspire, height starry and poplar deep Spread wide and smooth. To mountainside.The briar the stifled and of bush growth Above

I grace: as of trees, seek a son. would So I have my And

spring With warm UponI,the brink, investiture, oak's supreme for their strength; The noble

Am terrified. As of a bird 'Mid storms and stress, has power to enThe rush and tumult of the roaring waters In air. dure

As they froth and foam! So would I have my son.

Their thunder pounds I seek a solace as of grass;

rare the as mahogany, ears. Against my kind of beauty The as hardened worth ebony old hands; AsOf finegrainedsterling mist, with is wetMy

freshness of The a garden; son. I have would So my streaming back from off my faceMy hairface

friendliness of people angry, unleashed forces in this life. The Such tree far walnut from So away

little group. In a Its is gracious shade I have would yonderfelt—So I am afraid influence, son. Your my Until, singing fire; of the radiance I seek

I lift head my of prayer; joy and see above The

starA comfort deep The of earth and water and WIND JOKES Eternal unchanging. and

Remote By Genevieve J. Van Wagenen It shines;—itsand hightwinkling light a tiny beacon The sun;soul of music.

in the sky. you. These are telling jokes today wind was The on, roars flood The street. our he came down As

its in swift rush Engulfing mad, ears, in the leafy whispered He things. helpless and weak The tree he'd every meet. Of

is in heart But my bridal soft to the wreath, murmured He POSSESSIONS MY Hope glee, then with she shook And unafraid. And I am.with slender her hands, whitegloved And By Rope Thomas Graham

m tall tree. the pine She nudged

MY PLEASURES love clouds; they are my sky above me; This stately fellow near her side

I I love trees, that to my earth belong; Strove to hide his emotion,

By Roberta Flake Clayton I love water, all my ocean's deepness; Then finding it more work than fun,

his one. shook fill He I air birds; love song. they with needles—every my I things divine hold the are These willow more, weeping wept The no

of held in mine, a comrade hand The this; for she gay was Too I heart's for contentment; laughter love my still is all hour morning The when danced, tambourine she shawl and With lift I clod; the love books; they from me whippoorwill; the glad note the of wild And kiss. stole the a wind While it I is flag, for the country: love my fresh spring rosy showers, dawn, The like to the used wind, I never I prayer, love I climb through to God. which flowers, leaves opening Tender and sad, It always seemed so

Bright June days, a fragrant rose, But now I know it's having fun,

A good book down where a streamlet flows; I'm really very glad.

Ripening fruit and golden grain;

The mocking bird's joyous sweet refrain; HOME GUARD

red, leaves, gold, Autumn's and brown; By Lalia Mitchell Thornton FOR SOMEONE AWAY Breezes soft them down; to blow

nights, Crisp, frosty with harvest moon; By Edith Welch Morgan

the nightingale's sweet And then tune; Look to the lock, and be very sure

A gallop in the frosty air, The blind will let no intruder pass; Here by the five slim locust trees,

A loved one near, my joys to share; But faith is something that will endure In the little town by the hill,

The gorgeous rays of the setting sun; Longer than metal or wood or brass. I wait a hundred years each day

The happy shout of children's fun; Shut out the teaching that does not slay And the next day waiting still.

fire nights, winter's But pilfers honor and truth away. rousing onA The hyacinths so misty blue lights; brilliant song and Music and

tired died, long of waiting and tight Grew to the fences them o'er and Look with covered make landscape snow,A planted hollyhocks So I have the fasten the foe; gate against twilight soft the blue of touch glow; And The

will side, primly wait That side by tonight, in rest children care friends, your choice books, a The good fewA few for their safety, woe. or blends; weal pleasure Yours love and whereA party the in the gate fence Here by low white

is task, is there cares Yours a heavenappointed always one know who To I too, waiting, stand Where to the that habits a mask. wear joys shares Look sorrow and And all my Till across the sunset comes, someone

These are things I hold divine; And my waiting will be through.

Long may their varied joys be mine.

m YOUTH AT ANY AGE PURR By Nellie F. D. Hanny By Alberta Huish Christensen

SoYetsensitive,daring soto hopetimid and smile, jjt"SometimesA little ballourof kitty'squiet fur,very still

We delve into the unexplored But sometimes if you try, you hear

And search out things worth while. The little clock inside of her.

MESSENGER TO THE CHURCH

praise which deserves the of subscriptions comtotal with 1459 and number entire By JOHN K. ORTON mendation of the Church. credit. Northto its not be much can Too

Business Manager of the Era ern States led all the missions and said about the efficient handling of the stakes in the Church in percentage Era campaign in this stake. They do

achievements with a total of 487% not start to work until a month before capita based also per quota. on They closing the date, but before they do story 'T'he of achievethe

the longstanding broke the of record start, is everything to planned work OF * MENTS ANOTHER YEAR Era turning in Stake Angeles Los 1628 by precision. clocklike with most The CLOSES WITH WHICH MORE THAN subscriptions in only and were second in entire capable the and men women SIXTY COPIES BRINGING THOUSAND total of subscriptions the number to stake as directors leaders are used and SCATTERED TOGETHER THE MEMStates Southern Mission. President in large the wards, various a group and BERS OF A WORLDWIDE CHURCH the unique idea of presenting had Muir

is in in of chosen an workers each ward subscriber each colored of with print a visit effort to to explain every home portrait, President Grant's the same benefits the the the of values and Era midnight April the 15 on most print as appears which frontispiece a of having the the of "Voice Church"successful in history year in Era the book Gospel Standards.AT in stake. to the each coming home closed sixtythan with more

thousand subscriptions recorded. Thus South Los Angeles Stake under the Seattle Stake this year led all the

direction of the stake presidency with smaller stakes of in both the Churchwith the wholehearted support of Era carCounselor Baker George in charge subscriptions of pertotal number anddirectors the throughout entire Church, the Era, in accordance with the oftried on the same efficient campaign this centage of quota and were only exceedexpressed desire of President Grant, year that has characterized their work ed in percentage of quota by the South goes into more Church homes than ever for the past many years. It was South Los Angeles Stake. Seattle had 385.1%

Stake Angeles first ignored which subscriptions. Seattle turned in 801 andbefore. neither the Los underestimated We capita our per quotas completely in and is fortunate leader, having a greatability the loyalty of the nor Era workthe slogan In accepted their director. Every Seal, "An L. as BrothEra C. Era this possible.ers have made who

their goal. as South Home"ability his er Los the AnSeal to inspire has just before stake and 27, March On

all geles led stakes the of both Church, their the workers of with importance directors the throughoutward Era in small large percentage and of available to quota calling in making the Era account, making final wereChurch we all led stakes as and highest well in the (Continued on page 376)received statement the following from the Southern States Mission, "At the end of this campaign we hope to be leading the world."Acting on this obMISSIONS, GROUP "B,"

jective, the Southern States broke the PERCENTAGE OF record that has been unassailed since QUOTA 1938, a record established by the South NORTHERN STATES

J. Muir; Leo

Homer,Los Angeles Stake which was then—PresidentH. Kennethknown as the Los Angeles Stake. The paign accountant; Phylliscam1938 record was 1615 subscriptions. andGenetypist;Jensen,andstenpgrapherFern NelThe new record established by the son, campaign manager.

Southern States Mission is 2024 subSisterscriptions. Robbins, Blanche

of the Southernthe Era leader States MISSIONS, OFGROUPSUBSCRIPTIONS"B,"TOTAL NUMBER

Mission tells us that President William

P. Whitaker is converted to the Era WilliamSOUTHERNP. Whitaker;STATESBlancheMISSION—PresidentRobbins, former

and convinced of the good that can be Y. W. M. I. A. supervisor; and Areola Larsen,

accomplished by having this magazine present supervisor.

in the home. He has inspired his missionaries with enthusiasm and the determination to carry on until the very MISSIONS, GROUP "A,"PERCENTAGE

finest achievement possible has been EASTERN STATESOF QUOTAMISSION—President Gusmade. His objective was that one out tave A. Iverson; Richard A. Seare, "Era"Camof every thirty subscriptions should be paign1942; Managerand AlfredfromC. Sept.Cordon,1941whotocarriedJan. 23,thefrom the Southern States Mission. He campaign to its close.

succeeded in his objective. A new interest has been created in the magazine, MISSIONS, GROUP "A"

and the mission president and all the MISSIONS, GROUP "A,"TOTAL NUMBER

OF SUBSCRIPTIONS his chargemissionaries have under

MISSION—STATES

placing the magazinetaken pride in Gordon F. Richards; in PresidentNORTH GeorgeCENTRAL W. Jenin released supervisor, son, I. A. M. Y. M. possible Latterdayevery Saint home

Russell, M. Y. M. I. A. K. John December 1941;

as of nonmembers L.and in the homes Marjorie since supervisor December 1941;

well. director,Garff, Y.releasedW. M.MarchI. A.1942;supervisorand Doraand Dutson,"Era"

Several years ago when the Los An- Y. W. M. I. A. supervisor since March 1942.

geles Stake was leading the Church,

Leo J. Muir was president of that

stake. He was a great booster for the

Era and under his direction as stake president, Los Angeles Stake carried on an effective campaign with almost faultless precision and direction. Now

Brother Muir is president of the Northern States Mission, and with that ability as leader and director he put on a campaign in the Northern States Mission

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1942

MESSENGER TO THE CHURCH {Continued from page 375) the Inglewood Stake under his directheir quota. Juarez has been a conevery member of every Latterday Saint tion and leadership is able to place secsistent winner of Citations for many

family. ond only to South Los Angeles among years. All those connected with Era

Inglewood Stake placed second the larger stakes of the Church. Brother work in that stake express through their

among the larger stakes of the Church Sorenson is one of those Era directors actions a firm belief that the Era should in percent of quota and fourth place who begin working in the fall and never be in every Latterday Saint home.

in total number of subscriptions. Brothstops until midnight of the closing day. Brother Bryant Clark and Sister Marza

er E. J. Sorenson is the unique personThis year he secured the services of a Hatch were the Era directors in that

ality behind the Era campaign in the large number of very splendid ward Era stake this year, and through them and

Inglewood Stake. It is a genuine pleasworkers, and to them he attributes the their capable ward workers they were

ure to be associated with Brother Sorsuccess the stake has been able to able to establish this outstanding recenson and know him intimately. His achieve. ord.

enthusiasm and testimony of the Era is The Juarez Stake of Mexico placed Eastern States Mission placed first contagious, and we can understand how second in Group A with 242.9% of among the smaller missions of the

Church with a very remarkable record of 379% of their quota. They also

placed first in total subscriptions in this group. Eastern States Mission has performed an excellent missionary service.

The work during the year has been directed and supervised by Brothers

Ralph W. Otterstrom, Richard A.

Seare, and Alfred Cordon, Jr., who

have displayed a great deal of outstanding leadership in bringing this mission through to first place. Also, the guiding and directing influence of President

Gustave A. Iverson has been felt during the entire year. Such support and

cooperation along with the cooperation of the branches throughout the mission has enabled Eastern States to establish this remarkable record.

North Central States Mission, a consistent Citation winner for the past several years, is again to have Citation honors. This year under the supervision of President George F. Richards,

Jr., and under the immediate direction

of Brothers Gordon Jensen and John

K. Russell and Sisters Marjorie L.

Garff and Dora Dutson this mission has progressed all through the year until the records revealed that this mission has secured 275.6% of its quota, placing

James Houston, second in percentage of quota and secsuperintendent of ond in total number of subscriptions.

Y. M. M. I. A. Ogden Stake placed second in total (no availphoto

able). number of subscriptions among the

larger stakes of the Church turning in 1177 subscriptions. Lethbridge won

second place in total number of subscriptions among the smaller stakes of the Church with a total of 471. The

work in the Ogden Stake was directed by Brother Parley Bates, Sister Lula

Child, and Melvin Swenson. In view

of the fact that Ogden is very near Salt

Lake City we have had constant communication with Brother Melvin Swenson and Sister Lula Child, and they always have acknowledged the supGROUP "B,"PERCENTAGE OF QUOTA port and cooperation received from

Iversen; superintendent, John Reo Ellsworth, LOS M. SOUTH ANGELES of bishops workers and their ward

I. A.; Y. president I. Ord,STAKE—President Verda M. M. Waite, regional of Y. A.; Noble M. W. stake. the entire Leththroughout campaign'wards manager; andI. regional George A. Baker, campaign manager.

INGLEWOOD STAKE—President Alfred E. Rohner; Rulon W. Stevenson, Y. M. M. I. A. bridge, in spite of difficulties encounsuperintendent; president Elva Cusworth, of Y. W. M. I. A.; E, J. Sorensen, Y. M. M. I. A. tered from being situated in a stake

assistant Randall Larsen, director. "Era"director; and "Era"

thereoutside of the States United and superintendent David Cannon; David Watts, H. SAN W. FERNANDO

of I. I. A.; Y. STAKE—PresidentJoan Greenwald, president; Irma M. M. Earl Y. and S. Bench, M. A. problems, fore with M. W. Y. burdened exchange M.

I. director. A. "Era"satisetc., not carried has on and was

BIG Croft; B. Thomas Houston, superJames A. Y. HORN M. M. STAKE—President list it fied until of the high up on was intendent (no available); I. photo president; Baird, Bertha Y. ReedI. Thomas, M. A. W. W.

Y. W. M. I. A. "Era"director; and Ruby Wilkerson, Y. W. M. I. A. "Era"director. Citation winners. The work in the

Butler; Frederick superintendent David A. STAKEPresident A. Turley, SNOWFLAKE

of Y. M. M. I. A.; Florence I. A. president; M. I. Denham, Flake, Jr., James Y. W. Y. M. M. Lethbridge Stake was directed by

I. A. "Era"director; and Nellie G. Merrill, Y. W. M. I. A. "Era"director. Brother Reed C. Ellison and Sister

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1942

MESSENGER TO THE CHURCH Carolyn Pitcher. All their letters and capita quotas this year than in any previs, Granite, Utah, Burley, Yellowcorrespondence with our office have revious year. In fact, one hundred and stone, Deseret, Wasatch, Nebo, Blaine,

vealed strong testimonies of the work nine stakes and missions out of a posBenson, and Alpine.

they were doing and a determination sible one hundred fiftytwo exceeded The New England Mission was the not to be satisfied with anything less their quotas. The following stakes only mission which reached its quota

than a top place among the Citation which did not reach their quotas last this year that did not do so last year.

winners. year but did so this year are

Group A: Young, Weiser, Nevada, The Era to Our Boys in the Service

Among the smaller stakes of the Cassia, Kanab, Duchesne, Gridley,

Sevier, Idaho, South Summit, Bannock, workers entire the throughout "pRA** placed Stake Church, Phoenix

B, larger Morgan. Lehi and Group the L/ Church faced with were probthird in percent of quota, while Long

Beach Stake placed third in total numstakes of the Church, Highland (which lem this year of providing Era subscripber of subscriptions. This year Long incidentally is a Citation winner) Box tions for boys in the service camps.

Beach had to carry on a campaign withElder, Rigby, South Davis, North Da- (Continued on page 400) out the services of C. Ed Walker who

has been stake Era director there for many years and has piloted the Long

Beach Stake to a place among the Citation winners several times. He was

succeeded, however, by a very capable organizer, Ruth B. Lindquist, who carried on and did a remarkably fine job.

Phoenix, as you will remember, is a constant winner of Citations, having been a Citation winner each year since this stake was organized, and Brother

L. L. Driggs, with the help of his ward

workers, maintained the tradition this year.

Union Stake placed fourth in the percent of quota in this same group. Union

Stake also has a very consistent record and usually makes the Citation list.

Taylor Stake in the same group placed fourth in total number of subscriptions.

This is the first time for Taylor Stake to make Citation honors and is the second Canadian stake this year to be given this distinction.

Washington Stake which placed fifth in percent of quota is also a first time winner. San Francisco and Shelley Stakes make up the other names

of Citation winners in group A. San

Francisco placed sixth in total number of subscriptions and Shelley placed seventh in total number of subscriptions.

In Group B, the larger stakes of the

Church, San Fernando Stake under the direction of Brother Earl Bench placed third in percent of quota. Mount Ogden Stake placed third in total number

of subscriptions. The work in this

stake was directed by Sister Myrtle

Blair. Big Horn Stake won fourth in

percent of quota, and Blackfoot Stake was a double Citation winner with fifth place in total subscriptions and fifth place in percent of quota. Snowflake

Stake placed sixth in percent of quota and Liberty and Highland Stakes (two

Salt Lake City stakes ) placed sixth and seventh respectively in total subscripGROUP "B,"NUMBER OF SUBSCRIPTIONS tions. The work in the Liberty Stake OGDEN STAKE—left to right President Samuel G. Dye; A. Parley Bates, superintendent of

is under the direction of Brother John Y.the M.Y. M.M. I.M. A.I. "Era"A.; Luludirector.P. Child, president of the Y. W. M. I. A.; and Melvin L. Swenson,

C. Duncan while the work of the HighMT. OGDEN STAKE—left to right: President Earl S. Paul; John Ira Davis, Y. M. M. I. A.

I. C. director; and Myrtle and Price, president A. Myrtle of "Era"M. Y. W. is directedland and Stake by Mr. Mrs. superintendentBlair, director. I. A. M. "Era"Y. W. of these Berndt. one C. EachNorman superleft Williams; to right: President Packman, Joseph E. Orson BLACKFOOT STAKE—

effective plans I. unusualstakes intendent of Y. and J. president Christiansen, I. A.; had M. of Melvin Duke, Thelma A. M. Y. M. W.

organizations in order to establish such Y. M. M. I. A. "Era"director; and Mary Duke, Y. W. M. I. A. "Era"director.

outstanding records. Time and space I. A. LIBERTYsuperintendent;STAKE—Carolleft Hinckley,to right: Y.PresidentW. M. J.I. PercyA. president;Goddard; andGordonJohnR. C.Strong,Duncan,Y. M."Era"M.

will not permit the recording of all these director.

left right: Lake, M. E. President Richards; to Y. M. Stayner HIGHLAND Kenneth STAKE—plans.

superintendent; Virginia president; Nelson, Y. M. Berndt, C. G. Norman M. Y. W.

A. and "Era"director; E. Berndt, Grace director. Y. Many more stakes exceeded their per M.I. A.I. t.M.A.I. A. "Era"W.

$jm&alojgj

THE TEMPLE IN IDAHO

By Fred Schwendiman Colomon'sthe constructiongreatestofachievementthe temple. wasIn FRONT VIEW IDAHO

his day our methods of transportation FALLS TEMPLE and construction were unknown. Much

time and hard labor were required in all that was done.

Today we have new inventions in power and machinery for the moving of materials and speeding up construction at a marvelous rate. This has been as steel, bronze, aluminum, and rubber, seventyfour feet and contains the ofwell demonstrated in the recent buildit is almost a miracle that these essenfices of the ones in charge, a reception

ing and completion of the temple at tial items were all secured and in place room, a recorder's office, a matron's

Idaho Falls, which is the greatest event before it became necessary to conserve room, checking rooms, a very unusual in the history of the Latterday Saints them as is now the case. Even a large kitchen and dining room, also a laundry,

who reside in Idaho. It is interesting shipment of choice marble arrived from store rooms and vaults for the records.

to note that this, the latest temple built, France just prior to shipping across the Connecting the two buildings is an ashas much in common with that of olden ocean becoming unsafe. Mention may sembly room fiftythree by thirtysix

days, with the exception of the time also be made that some marble from feet, which will be beautifully furnished.

taken for building and the mode of conItaly and Sweden is being used in the The annex is one story above the basestruction. finishing of this splendid building. The ment, the temple proper three stories,

people in Idaho are very fortunate and and the tower reaches one hundred forappreciative indeed for this great blessty-three feet from the ground, equalling ing of the temple being so nearly commore than twelve stories high. The

pleted. entire structure is anchored in a solid

The cost of the building is considerbed of lava rock, is fire proof and also ably over a half million dollars aside earthquake proof. In its erection there

from the ground upon which it stands, have been used thirteen thousand tons which was given to the Church by the of concrete requiring three thousand city of Idaho Falls. The size of the yards of sand, fortyfive hundred yards

main structure is ninetyfive and oneof gravel and thirtyfive thousand sacks half by one hundred thirtyone and oneof cement, also eight large carloads or half feet. In this are many beautiful two hundred eighty tons of steel for

AS GROUNDWORK especially BEGAN FOR IDAHO FALLS rooms, each designed and reenforcing.

TEMPLE for its decorated specific purpose. Every A very artistic approach will greet

possible convenience and improvement the eye at the east front, including a

One feature of this new edifice is its that could be suggested from past exseries of three waterfalls rippling from most beautiful and costly room with a perience and by Church architects, has one pond or lagoon into the next. The

ceiling fiftysix feet high, located in the been used and is included in the artemple stands somewhat elevated, and rangement. center of the structure The white comwith a pure closely as it is facedcenter resembles very and which

is a massive tower which measures all granite, from position it can be seen descriptionthe of Holies of the Holy in the ancient temple. thirtyseven and onehalf by thirtydirections at a long distance. The

feet seven onehalf at the and base. will a wide by The grounds be surrounded in placed an was The foundation is thirtyfour annex by hundred one for space providing ample boulevard, lateighteen during the foot excavation

ter part of 1940, and actual construction parking and for viewing the scene from is side. landscaping the every When in Idathe magnificent temple onwork FROM IDAHO FALLS TEMPLE WEST SIDE, ACROSS entire setthe planned, carried out as RIVER SNAKE 1941, and begun by in Marchho was

September of the same year it was comting will make a pleasing picture which pleted, all but the interior finishing. will attract visitors, and the inspiration

Now the plastering on the inside is all of it all will long be remembered and done, as is most of the laying of tile and cherished. Adjoining the street and

marble. The electric wiring, fluoresgrounds on the west flows a beautiful

cent lighting throughout, the latest river upon which boats are plying, maksound system, all plumbing, heating and ing this the second temple built near air conditioning are also fully completthe banks of a great river. The most

ed. The baptismal font resting upon inspiring view of the temple is had from

twelve oxen of bronze, a work of most the west side of the river which here exceptional architectural beauty, is informs a mirrorlike lake. Before a clear

stalled, and there remains to be done sunset with the city to the east and a only the decorating of the rooms and the night hue creeping over the distant landscaping of the grounds which will mountains as a background, its granbe provided with a modern sprinkling deur, glistening in the sun, cannot be system. It is thought that this can all be described.

accomplished by the fall of 1942. Many At the boulevard to the east is lothousands are looking forward to atcated a Bureau of Information where

tending the dedication of this temple as Church tracts will be distributed to an outstanding experience of their lives. tourists, as many of them are anxious

Due to present conditions in the to learn something about the purpose world, in the scarcity of materials such {Concluded on page 402)

(InxLthsL MOUNTAINS BEYOND

By school's out,"usy, tiredly. "SsaidMiss Leonard MissLeonard was unutterably weary. She MELBA

to to think.wanted alone But be fixJENSEN at sat staringSusy still her desk

edly at her. All the other children

had gone five minutes ago. A Young Writer

"School is out,"repeated Miss

Leonard trying to keep the impatience she felt out of her voice.

"What are you waiting for?"

"I can't go, Miss Leonard,"whimpered Susy. "I'm... I'm... tied

here,"she blurted through a gush of "Uhhuh."hard on last Saturday. I could have

it. I I cried doing him saw whentears. her. confronting Paul Then was

it. still look. over Just could howl

It's there, dear. "There, nothing Leonard, are you, Miss vain. in "And pains how aches those All andto about,"cry soothed Jane Mary this beautiful stiff day?"been have neck and arm My as apron Susy's she undidLeonard wailed, all she week. now,"And I fine, not Dr. Dean. "Just amstrings firmly tied which were by

is ceiling with decorated mud dilated; pupils pale; not are my my desk. the fancy of knots backmany

it Bennie. makes Oh, I is a-flutter heart not not and "thedaubs—by am the of recognized handiworkMary struggle."the to give one up want to of take going your nasty more any B. sat again. BarkerBenjamin He

the remainmedicine. I dumped Paul, suddenly suggested "Do,"behind Susy. Poor was old Susy—she

morning. of it out this der going to say That's serious, child and he wassuch a sweet Miss Leonand

ard had thought this seating arrangenonsense, Paul. I'm well."more. But quickly Mary interruptment would be ideal, inasmuch as "Zat Zo? Okay, I guess you are ed:

everyone in the classroom knew that if you say so,"chuckled Paul, plant- "I can't control that boy, Paul.

quiet, little goldenhaired Susy was ing himself on the top of a desk. He's the only student I have ever

Ben's "girl."Ben wouldn't tease his "Your word is law in the school had that I couldn't do something

girl, she had thought. But, alas, she room."Absently he looked around. with."

again aboutwas wrong Ben—she "New border,"he observed, "beauShe looked at Paul then, and he about alwayswas wrong Ben. tiful."was looking at her. All the teasing

"Don't cry, dear. There, you're Bless him, he noticed even the and laughter had gone from his eyes,

untied,"and Miss Leonard gently smallest details about her and her Breathlessly she hurried on administered a kiss on Susy's foredoings. It was comforting, Mary

I openedhead. thought... gratifying. Then she "He's mean, Paul. When

there at basket lunch noon was my he with dismay remembered what crythe immediately This hushed it. frightin a snake know how You for. come hading shine. All Susy's eyes and made died I nearly of them. ened I am

intent eyes her upon His were little girls rarethe these considered it that horror. admitted of was He

inevitable in them. question the now, of affection,demonstrations which it."did he who

said: Instead he also in appreciationwere bestowed

of merit, as the triumph of their lives. "How have all the little nuisances She paused. Paul was gazing out

Her grievances thus thrust aside, minded today? It has been a hard of the window across the sagebrush,

with a happy "Thank you, Miss day, hasn't it? I see it by the charmalias playground, and seemed to be

Leonard,"Susy primly gathered up ing manner in which you purse your absorbed in his thoughts. He looked

her book and lunch basket and left lips. Ah, it bodes evil for my suit."perplexed and unhappy. Yes, and

as tired. probably as tired was He inthe the schoolhouse "Foolish."couldn't keep back She room—left that his she noticed she. Amazedly fact, for it consisted of but one room. failed to the never grin Paul Dean straight strong, his usually shoulders,

"Hello, Dr. Paul,"Susy's voice provoke. shoulders, were slouching. The

came through the window. "Well, what has Bennie done tohandsome, gay and carefree Dr. Paul

"Hello there, YoungUn,"said day?"he asked in mock seriousness. Dean, pride of Dawntown, was beginning to look old. The lines aboutPaul. "Where is the teacher? In "Oh, Paul, look—he flipped mud

here?"daubs all over the ceiling I worked so {Continued on page 392)

ooftltacfi

ADMINISTRATIVE ORGANIZATION rooted in deep religious faith. There is

OF THE CHURCH MORMON (G. Durham. Homer Academy of LEAGUE OF UTAH WRITERS nothingmuch ofinsipidstrengthor prudishand couragein the asbookof butroPolitical Science, New York, 1942. By Carlton Culmsee mantic beauty.

71 pages.) eviin the errors book, are some There critics as authors and noted

is the reprint Such a pamphlet from March unfamiliarity with to dently Mormon dueTHIS Overstreet and Harry Dr. A. Political issue of Science 1942 Quar belief procedure. and the will in participate Reidterly, the Mildred for primarily reviews, ably and find novel is to It refreshing a Mormon of the of League annual Roundup histhe organization,nonChurch member case. the to refuses argue Mormon which 11 at Writers on July Provo Utah of structure thetory, fundamental and ignoring novels, of writers Mormon Most will 12. consessions Several be and of Christ of the Jesusgovernment Church cresituations, truth, set and ugly have up Buildthe in Smith ducted Joseph new Saints. Latterdayof Dr. Dur- G. Homer their filthy support marionettes, to own ated University, at ing Brigham Young the Agricultural of State College Utahham is the storyprostitution of opinions. a That Carlton to Culmsee, according Dr. significant in thing placing a herehas done art. telling Besides president. assembly League influence of scholarlybefore a group wide

historical excellent fine novel; a an This dinners, Poets'Breakaddresses, and of operation internal the picture accuratean

little known. period tempestuous story of a will fast, meetings there workshop be particular the withof Church, emphasis

for paid Saints Latterday have much for The discussion private conferences and Authorities. the L. General E.on R.

faith, there their the of and maintenance in the markets of manuscripts and

THOMAS JEFFERSON, fields of verse, nonfiction, the short no good reason why the truth of the storyis

WORLD CITIZEN story and the novel. may not be told.—/. A. W.

(Elbert D. Thomas. Modern Age

pages. $2.75.)Books. 280 LITTLE THAN A LOWER

the the Senior of author, the words ANGELS THEIN HARBOR PEARL Utah, Senator from "This... volume is REMEMBER Alfred A. Knopf. Sorenson. (Virginia Libraries, Federated Stokes. (Jeremiah of in terms interpretation of Jefferson...an pages. $2.75.) 427 25c.) pages. 128 1942. Salt Lake City, of the present worldneedsworld-wide and

is is, it political tendencies."That Saint,wide Latterday devoted a Baker, Simon is of communism, expose an pamphlet it is to attempt biography; This than a anmore joined later his wife Mercy, and who acpresent its and methods and aims life the of of the philosophy onereveal settled for her of husband, love the Church life and its to American tivities danger and to shed thereby ofgreatest and Americans; pioneer river the across from The Nauvoo. docuThoroughly government. American today's of problems. solutionlight the on detail, in life pictured family, the of Baker it is "based that indicates report the mented, is laid well for foundation such study aThe sensitive, imaginative natested Mercy's established of facts original source upon first discuss chaptersin the Jefwhich two inspiring ture; loyal a she always but was refutation."defy To which authenticity the of religionferson's nature of and view life's experitheir Into mother. wife and against fortify themselves to wish those who fields in the applications followman. Then Eliza Snow, Smith, R. ences Joseph came the of obscure expediencies war letting the agriculture, working education,of democBrigham Rigdon, Bennett, Sidney C. John publication this stake, issues at fundamental international reslavery, freedom,racy, and in famous characters other and Young, L. reassuring. E. not will R. be as Jeffersonlations. emerges Everywhere, useful—but life's deher history. met Mercy Church

liberty idealist; of fierce lover practical a asa Prophet's marafter the shortly feat when, YIELD his NEVER in the and best AND day sought wayswho from the before Nauvoo, exodus tyrdom and Co. Macmillan Pryor. (Elinor The all, especially for to achieve freedomworld wife. another took Simon $2.75.) 521 pages. citiworldfor a the man. was common He

is well in structure, story, uneven The filled unit, the as a world viewedzen who of period it. life, tragic the during in fine passages told. are There many MORMON natures, similar ofwith and women men this for expressetting in is style the gifted her and author 1844, forms to 1838 The happiness, unhintoentitled pursue equally

is colorstory exciting not often the sion. story Nevertheless, romantic, and clean, right the hindering of withoutdered, but

it the grip ful. Missouri does occasionally love. inhuman Only genuine of a The pursuit. free theothers from same

of is betrayal ruthless wanting. Fire reader. the persecutions and inspirational good and makes book The personal or bias without told are is it ineffective. Nauvoo novel a As Mormonreading.

is hisreliance placed on Full interpretation. right beliefs, or wrong, strong were There useful interesting six apand are There

religious incredible the reveal to facts torical of possible the building Nauvoo, that made bibliography, a and apendices, numgood to people otherwise sane led which bigotry the plains and Saints across the that drove notes. valuable ofber

Latthe against crimes unspeakable the Great to conquer enabled Amerthem is really memorial a to Thomas commit The book often Saints. Real women, terday men and are forces compelling Desert. ican ninetyninth These hundredJefferson the one upon

anniversary of his birth, April 13, 1942. The rising to heroic heights, meet the issues of absent, to the reader's surprise, from the

publication date was intended to synchroHaun's Mill Massacre, the siege of DeWitt, actions of the Mormons in the tempestuous building the at and defeat the Far West, his assoSmith and days. Joseph Jefferson of the dedication the Nauvoo withnize Metheir play people Vigorous of Nauvoo. telling, rather ordinary, the in ciates become, unfortunately, inmorial which Washington,

of story which love in the entrancing parts figures. insipid water That milk and of the to be postwar, has hadbecause

of the theme course is the main the historical achievements with comport book. The not

selfcontained beautiful of butponed.—/. A. W. experiences does pioneers. of the Mormon

the ununbeliever, the and Nathan Linsey IDEA AMERICANTHE for unthe grasping In eager modern takes second believer others. a Harper compromising T. and (Eugene who Adams trivial repulsive realism, and lovely some interest the that questions wife, raise hold Brothers. $2.50.) pages. 278and in book. place the are allowed episodes

life? is describe situations of reader. the of the Vivid American The way cured wife capable secondWHAT Simon's How lovers. of the heartstrings the the play upon the States of United need people now does bedwetting of of boys Mercy's one

is venture treated decently, as a Polygamy inthat to question before answer never,as story. the interest to or beauty not add

this authorities,telligently. nine In book the of sense the welcome decency does Nor

set at Collegefaculty colleagues Colgate of temptation Mercy's the of sex account fields in of to nineforth the helps answer mentioned. oldest son. be Others might

history, activity: government,thought and to whether beginning are wonder Readers

literature, art, science, democracy,economy, the present of realism stark constant the postscriptreligion, philosophy, with a on or writers, the literary from comes day these chapters, of Inthe enemies democracy. in writers the publishers compel from who true the historical reviews, Amerithrough profits. greater of interest the

is It ideal portrayed. well be wouldcan

if the nation were generally in possession Virginia Sorenson has done much careof the information here offered. It is a ful research in the preparation of this book.

patriotic contribution, needed today. She has undoubted literary gifts. Much

In the chapter on religion, Mormonism may be expected from her.—/. A. W.

is fairly and correctly treated.—/. A. W. {Continued on page 390)

WHSurnmioves=5TOGE Primary Names Two possible damage through bombing or

Board Members sabotage.

Appointment of two new members FirstPresidentCouncilLeviof Edgarthe Seventy,Young ofchairthe * of the Primary Association general man of a recently organized committee board has been announced by General on conservation of cultural resources,

President May Green Hinckley. has announced that storage space in

Boyle, Dessie wife Grant They are of places considered acsafe from enemy of Presdaughter Boyle, and D. Ashby tion will protecfor the be cataloged

ident Grant, Heber and Angie V. records, documents, of valuable of tion wifeJ. Rawlins, Rawlins of J. R. public (both private), manuscripts and Draper, Utah.

historical, cultural valof a scientific, or ue, as well as museum and library colLeft: recently Hawaiian Primary the Roscoe released from C. Cox, Officers lections of art. and works president, mission right, Mission the newly appointed and Titles Changed L. Eldred Waldron. society is State Historical The Utah

Hawaiian Mission 'L'Tffectivepresiding immediately,officers of thethePrimarytitles asof sponsor of the survey.

President Named sociations will be changed from "superintendents"to "presidents,"conformse- L. has been "Dldred Waldron ing to the other of terminology wom- 'Lf First to lected the Presidency by en's organizations of the Church. The the preside Mission, over Hawaiian to are of the presidency members now President succeeding C. Cox. Roscoe

first as be counselors second and known misPresident as served a Waldron instead assistant of superintendents.

in sionary Islands the from Hawaiian titles in applies the to change genThe of his to the pres1937. time 1935 At eral as presidency the as stake well to

in livingent the appointment he was organizations. and ward

of Islands as serving clerk the and Oahu

Stake and secretary of the Hawaiian and Japanese Missions in the Hawaiian Mt. Jordan Stake

Islands. He is a native of Morgan. is Organized

Utah. '"Phe East Jordan Stake was divided

Elder Cox, the retiring mission presiat stake conference May 2, and 3, dent, will return to his home in Ephraim, creating the Mt. Jordan Stake, the one

Utah. He has presided over the mishundred fortysecond unit of the

sion since July 1939. Church.

The new stake comprising the DraGeneral Authorities per First, Draper Second, Crescent,

Mark Birthdays Granite, Sandy First, Sandy Second, is the southand Sandy Third Wards, staffrP/?e Era, its Improvement and EDNA HARKER THOMAS portion of the old East Jordan subscribers, four congratulate the ern of

It little Stake. has of a membership a authoritiesgeneral of the Church who Calls Death less than four thousand. in birthdayshave June. H. Edna Thomas the formerly Stanley A. Rasmussen, the Elder of Stephen Richards L

TIrs. Edna Harker Thomas, sixtyclerk, presisustained stake as the was will the celebrate ofCouncil Twelve

his sixtythird birthday June 18. dent of the Mt. Jordan Stake with Reed one, wife of Utah's Senator Elbert

Elder Sylvester Q. Cannon of the Beck as first and Henry C. Jorgensen D. Thomas, died at her home in WashCouncil of the Twelve and former Preas second counselors. Wilford Pierson ington, D. C, April 29, soon after residing Bishop of the Church will mark was sustained as stake clerk. turning from a Relief Society meeting

his sixtyfirst birthday June 10. The northern part of the old stake where she was leader in the literature

Elder Samuel O. Bennion of the First retains the name, East Jordan Stake, department.

Council of the Seventy will be sixtyand the Midvale First, Midvale Second, For nearly thirty years Mrs. Thomas

eight years old June 9. East Midvale, Union First, Union Secwas a member of the general board of

Elder John H. Taylor of the First ond, and Butler Wards. It has a memthe Primary Association, and from 1929

Council of the Seventy will be sixtybership of more than fortytwo hununtil Senator Thomas assumed his duseven years old June 28. dred? ties in Washington in March, 1933, she

The presidency of the East Jordan was second assistant superintendent of

M. I. A. Board Stake, President Heber J. Burgon and that organization. At the time of her

for she chose to give a party Clayrelease H. A. Aylett and Raymond JohnAdds Members

of the the crippled children Primary retained. ton, Charles were Schmidt

of members two new Appointment instead Hospital of having a farewell as stake clerk. sustained was"** ImMutual of the Young Women's herself. party for Dr. and Elder AlWidtsoe John A.

provement Association general board bert E. Bowen of the Council of the She and Senator Thomas went imhas been announced by Mrs. Lucy Twelve directed the division and organmediately to Tokyo after their marriage

Grant Cannon, organization president. ization. in 1907, and filled a five and a half year

The new members are Mrs. Norma mission among the Japanese people.

P. president Anderson, has been who in Salt Burial City, with was Lake for Prepares Utahof the Thirtythird the Bonand Ward in services the 17th been having Ward, of its Security Recordsneville lone Stake Mutuals, and Miss in services the preceded by WashingDuncan, who has been active in music Ttah is acting not only to protect its ton Chapel. Many leaders of Church

and dramatics in the Liberty Stake MuT7"people, but also its invaluable recand State were present to pay her tuals. ords, documents, and works of art from tribute and honor her memory.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1942

Bankers View North California Mission Brown and counselors Luther L. Fife and

Church Welfare Program Home Purchased FifeGeorgewasA.thenChadwicksustainedwereas released.president Elderwith

VKTilliam Gage Brady, president of Purchase of an attractive mission Elder Chadwick as first, and Wilford O.

* * the National City Bank of New * home for the newly organized Peterson as second counselors.

York, paused in Salt Lake April 13 to Northern California Mission was reHorace E. Garner has been released as

first Stake. of the counselor No Webervisit is as cently loPresident completed. building with Grant Heber The

appointed. has been successor his vicepresidents, the cated near of upperhe A. and end J.DeWitt Market President T. Joseph Stake, the Deseret

is IN Bunnell, Sterling Street adjacent to Vista C. and Buena andForward counselors L. Lyand Finlinson Edward

is is situated investigate the there to country Park, and a around whereswung rehave been Hilton B. Wilford and man

the productive genius of America. beautiful view over San Francisco bay leased. Harold R. Morris has been susThe visitors were entertained at an looking down the peninsula. The adtained as stake president with Rulon Hinckinformal reception at the Hotel Utah dress is 5 Buena Vista Terrace, San ley and M. Ward Moody as counselors.

counRandall and President Howard M. California. Francisco, E. Germanby President J. Reuben Clark, Jr. S. Calvin selors and C. Heiner George is mission. Ellsworth president of the

Geary were recently released in the Morgan

U. of U. Inaugurates Deseret Industries to be Rebuilt Stake.the new ElderpresidentHeinerwithwasElderthenGearysustainedas firstasSixth President

T"*\ecision to rebuild the Deseret Inand Clarence D. Rich as second counselor.

T""}r. was formally LeRoy E. Cowles Birch F. Bennion In Stake Lake the Moon in building Salt dustries Lake,*-* as president inaugurated released counselor. as first Former been fire 6, has of the which by March was destroyed

counselor at services second WilliamUniversity 26, N. Brotherson April of Utah has Elder been Harold announced by

first as sustained counselor Grant and was offistudents, colleagues,attended by B. of the the of Council Twelve Lee counselor. as sustained L. second Foote was state, repreandcials of church and the general of and manager Welfare F. succeeds Delbert Clyde Wright J. universities. nation's thesentatives of plan. as in the counselor second Summerhays

Dr. Robert Gordon Sproul of the UniOakland Stake presidency.

versity of California, Berkeley, delivMissionaries in Lafell Iverson succeeds Alvin Englestead ered the inaugural address. Great Britain as second counselor in the Zion Park Stake.

the university have of presidents The acting K. A. Anastasiou, "Rlder Branch Ward, Changes Park, successively, R. Dr.been John *-* of the president reBritish Mission, Branch of the Southern Ajo Dependent E. Dr.Dr. E. Kingsbury, James Joseph

cently publicareported to English an the Stake Arizona became Ajo IndependentTalmage, Dr. John A. Widtsoe, and Dr.

full thirtyfive tion that the of California Mission Southern Branch the Church hadGeorge Thomas.

20. on February fifmissionaries four time hundred and

missionaries teen laboring time part FurnishingsTemple Stake, Farr Fort Ward, West in Mound British all local Mission. the are They in Transit organized AprilDestroyed 5 by was a division missionaries.

of the Tenth North Ogden Ward, Weber for furnishings loaded with A truck is Stake. bishop L. PeterThe new Elmer *"* Falls caught fire the Idaho Temple the son. Utah Idaho Lead and West

Idaho, Shelley, on near burned and Capitol Stake, Phoenix Ward, creIn was Ownership Home loss of 16, April estimated with an 12 April division of the a by Phoenix of ated the largest has percentage T Ttah fire believed have to Second $6,000. Ward. A. Joseph was The Hundley was *** in ownership home the West acas sustained bishop. passing sparks from a caused been by

locomotive. cording to a compilation of 1 940 census Payette Branch of the Weiser Stake bedata by the Utah Savings and Loan came Payette Ward April 12, with Franklin

as Peterson bishop. J. Association the Federal and HomeMission Wins Chorus Buckeye Branch was organized on March of Portland, Loan Oregon, Bank

inDetroit Praise 8 the Phoenix Stake. A. L. Marler was report that or shows 85,225 The as appointed the elder. presiding Chorus, a group Male*T,he Mormon of units dwelling Utah's 147,291 61.1% A in of missionaries the Northern are occupied the owners. Bishops, has Idaho Presiding by

full received pages States Mission, two highest percentage second of home Elders Named Press in Detroit pictures the Free of ownership with 57.9% appointed ecently bishops presiding and "O 1942. 15, section of graphic March ** elders include the following: pulpit, at the missionaries Pictured were Sixth in Falls Ward, Idaho Stake, Changes A. W. service, at chorus the sacrament during succeeds Naegle A. Orme. John Presidencies Stake

exercise, doing practice, taking and Ward, Stake, Leslie Roy Lake View W. the President Panguitch Stake, James Tn Stoker succeeds brief statement In chores. P. a household Reuben Greenwood. * L. counselors and Hatch Wallace W. Hooper Ward, Stake, Lake Verg View pictures, exthe which accompanying Miller L. and Houston have James been C. succeeds Jensen Beus. Levi the system missionary the and plained released. Pollock then susSamuel was Taylor J.North Ward, Stake, Weber Press the ideals the of Church, Free tained as president stake with Maurice Cope L. Clarke succeeds Thomas Gibson. James J. said: and counselors. as A. Samuel Worthen Tenth Ogden Stake, North Ward, Weber

In St. the all, three hundred Stake, approximately President Joseph In Jesse Frederick Carroll appointed M. 26. April

the A. Udall counselors group Detroiters have and watched mith thousand James M. City First Cedar Parowan Ward,

fine organization singing and released. into Benjamin the Blake have been develop Petty Bryan succeeds J. George W. Stake,Grim-

... of year, the out Elder sustained past then Smith as During stake was it now is. shaw.

thirtyfour graduates of the chorus, twentypresident with Elder Blake and Jack S. Riverside Ward, San Bernardino Stake,

as counselors. five serving their country in Daley are already Harry McCarroll succeeds William J. TayIn the the or navy. Weiser Stake, President Scott B. army lor.

San Bernardino First Ward, San Bernardino Stake, Russell J. Standing succeeds

Webb K. Brown.

Morgan Independent Branch, San Luis

THE MORMON MALE Stake, Alfred L. Price succeeds R. Warren

CHORUS, NORTHERN Coombs.

STATES MISSION Central Park Ward, South Salt Lake

Stake, Gideon N. Hulterstrom succeeds Hubert E. Record.:ff;-W"W a Thatcher Ward, St. Joseph Stake, Eldon

I. Palmer succeeds Jack Daley.

%0 % W Stake,PendletonMilan DaleIndependentSmith succeedsBranch,JohnUnionDale

Evans..

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1942

Chapels Dedicated George J. Lambros, excommunicated he became bishop of the Juarez Ward, servthe for years. ing fourteen Following in for Feb. 1, 1942, apostasy, the Manof the Fullerton Beach Long The Ward of to revolution he returned 1910, Juarez Stake. York Ward, New 22, dedicated Richhattan Dr. Stake March by was position president, Stake a and was made for excommunicated Lambros, Olga ard of the the of R. Council Twelve. Lyman for years. several held he

apostasy, Feb. 1, 1942, in the ManhatJoseph L. Townsend, nineytwo, composer

Victory Garden Crops Outlined tan Ward, New York Stake. of L. D. S. hymns, died April 1, at Payson,

P. excommunicated Lambros, Yiota the lifetime his Utah. During he opened planting gardens Victory Persons

in 1, the first 1942, for Feb. for apostasy, in school high and ManPayson, was the only should raise to attempt

at the instructor years penmanship a Stake. many hattan York Ward, New vegetables that of types has experience at Provo, Utah. Brigham Academy, Young Fink, excommunicated Fredrick W. in cultivated capable of being proved former Quist, "Auntie"Beata Olson Anna in the 9, 1942, for apostasy, March locality, their Stark, Professor Arvil the of California died matron Mission home, Salt South Lake Southgate Ward, of of the State chairman Council Utah at 17, Angeles. Los March Stake. defense, a of the and member Utah sixtytwo, Kelly, Mrs. Groesbeck Susan Anderson, excomKatherine Agnes State Agricultural faculty, College has presided the Societies Relief of over who in 1941, request at her municated own the the SwissGerman, East and German, advised. (See Era, Improvement Stake. in the Vallejo Oakland Ward, the to 1935 Missions from German West April, 1942, page 203.) Sept. Bohnett, excommunicated Ruth her 1938, as Dr. husband, Philemon M. thirtyfive for varieties proven The Los. the Kelly, these 25, Wilshire from 1941, presided missions, died Ward, over include beets, asparagus, beans, Utah at Provo. 25, March for apostasy. Anaeles,

carrots, corn, cabbage, cantaloupes, excommunicated Good, Martha Mrs. Bradshaw mothQuinney, Sara Ann cauliflower, leaf vegetables, cucumbers, er 15th, Quinney, of the of Joseph 1942, April from New England

onions, parsnips, topeas, potatoes, died Temple, 10. Logan MarchJr., president for apostasy. Mission

matoes, squash, spinach, turnips, and Walter Vernal Morgan, excomFred W. Merrill, sixtyfour, well known

watermelons. municated April 15, 1942, Tooele 3rd, in Utah agricultural circles, and brother of

for apostasy (priest). Dr. Joseph F. Merrill of the Council of the

Hill Cumorah Hyrum Francis Syndergaard, excomTwelve, died April 13, at Salt Lake City.

Pageant Suspended municated April 8, 1942, from 14th Mrs. Emeline (Thames) World Whitney,

seventyseven, died 21, April at Salt Lake Stake, for Salt apostasy Lake Ward, conditions caused the canhave City. the distinction had She the of being ) ( elder"\T7ar"v cellation the of annual pageant first "A child white born Church's on the sugar Russell Tolman, excommuniJames for for Christ"plantation at Laie, Witness scheduled Hawaii.New

April 15, 1942, cated England New in presentation July, D. Elder John eightyseven, Frank as a Snow, R. who for unchristianlike Mission, conduct

to youth helped Giles, director of colonize the the inforMission, bureau Dixie of in Field (seventy). Mission died April in 22, Salt City. Lake Hillmation at the anhas Cumorah Zitting, F. Essie Stokes excommuninounced. cated April 14, 1942, from Mill Creek

The annual event which has been Ward, for advocating plural marriage. Elder Kirkhatn Returns

presented by missionaries of the EastFrom Mission Tour ern States Mission, has attracted fifty Those Who Have Passed Away thousand persons during its twonight

L. Harris Mrs. Holman, Sarahpresentation past. in years ninetyPlderL/ CouncilOscarofA.theKirkhamSeventyof returnedthe First seven, claimed the last survivor to be who

Relief Society Passes of1856,the diedillfatedMarchMartin12, handcartat Rexburg,companyIdaho.of inernlateStatesMarchMissionfrom a madevisit tointhecompanyNorthMembership Goal She was active in Church activities throughwith President Leo J. Muir. Elder

A final compilation of membership out her long life. Kirkham held meetings in all the dis-

* of the National Woman's Relief Professor James C. Hogenson, sixtysix, tricts of the mission, met with Scouting

State the Utah Agricultural College, died units, three organized and D. S.Society new L. enof that 115,015 shows were

17, at Logan. March troops. mission seven numbersrolled The in the organization Relief at the

patriarch eightytwo, Bentley, C. Joseph in fiftyfive thousand branches, membersSociety Centennial. This an inwas

7, at died of Stake, Colonia the Juarez March these of units being directedcrease by of twentyfour during thousand life most long, active church Juarez, His Mexico.

local members. one hundred The forty increase of an 1 940 and thousand his called child parents were as a began when

members during the four year campaign to the Dixie Mission in southern Utah. In eighyfive full time missionaries were

beginning in 1937. 1893, he moved to Colonia Juarez. In 1898, reported well and active.

Amy Brown Lyman, president of the organization, reported that sixtyfour MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME percent of the Church's 179,482 famARRIVED APRIL 13, 1942—DEPARTED APRIL 22, 1942

ilies are represented in membership of Left to right, first row: Warren L. Rawlins, Howard M. Harris, C. Eldon Hunt, Elmer G. Stahle, Don B-

the Relief Society. Colton,SecondJohn H.row:Smith,Keith AlbertBagley,C. EugeneNuttall,Hastings,and RichardWendellM. Rowley.L. Muir, Alexander Louis Fife, Herbert Ross Berrett,

Fred Berrett, C. Sylvester Adams, E. Glendon M. Hinton, Clyde J. Hilton, G. Brown, Third row: Wm.

E. Taylor, Wagner. Delmar Miller, Robert W. and Lorin S.Excommunications GlennRobert J. Smith, Worth Harding Jensen, Dee Olpin Jarrett, and Lester Eli Hope. W. Jabbs,

/HARLOTTE M. STAEDTLER EnGEL, GeraldFourthA. Mendenhall,Row: EmersonC. JuniorC. Trimble,Hall, WayneHowardF. Schow,Hollman,LymanWendellS. Wiser,L. andRichardson,Benjamin FrancisLouis Croft,WilliamJr. Geertsen,

excommunicated for apostasy, Feb. Fifth row: B. Earl Stringham, Robert L. Pratt, Clair L. Phillips, Verl Sudweeks, Preston W. Bushman,

1, 1942, in the Manhattan Ward, New MelvinSixthC. McAffee,row: CharlesKennethS. G.Ryser,Hughes,Spencerand ThomasR. Pugh,Gay ReidMyers.Holbrook, George Fowler, G. Elmer Clark, LeRoy

York Stake. Ohlsson Malmberg, Noal R. Hess, Russell Wells, and Charles J. Wilson.

Hilde M. Staedtler Brandon, excomEccles,SeventhKirk Revererow: NealChristensen,H. Sorensen,Reid TewBrianAllred,L. Taylor,and RichardAdelbertDale Taylor,Hunt. Thomas P. McFarland, Delbert Grant

municated for apostasy, Feb. 1, 1942, Eighth row: Reed A. Toone.

in the Manhattan Ward, New York

Stake.

Richard L. Staedtler, excommunicated for apostasy, Feb. 1, 1942, in the

Manhattan Ward, New York Stake.

Frieda M. L. Staedtler, excommunicated for apostasy, Feb. 1, 1942, in the

Manhattan Ward, New York Stake.

Hildegard E. Staedtler, excommunicated for apostasy, Feb. 1, 1942, in

the Manhattan Ward, New York Stake. diiifxkdb temple—and when attention is also invited to the

Jo JPwasl Who 3h)oL Service,fact that,figuresaccordingfor tothea wholerecent Unitedrelease ofStatesSciencefor of to every 6 marriages! 1 divorce One 1940 show JjdivjO/lcL TyLaA/daqsL below. illustrated is dramatically these comparisons

Tn many different ways and at many different PICTOGRAPH CORPORATION times the Lord has said that our obligations shall SCIENCE SERVICE 5.14.2 be commensurate with our opportunities, and that TELEFACT

our in with accordance shall be our condemnation U. S. MARRIAGE AND DIVORCE, 1940 is a to as preface neglect. This statement made

point of view here presented for those who look toward marriage.

It has not been long since, to a young man or a young woman contemplating marriage, there was no question of deciding between marriage for this life alone, or marriage that endures beyond death; there was no question of marriage outside FOR EVERY SIX MARRIAGES ONE DIVORCE

or within the walls of the temple of the Lord, beholy to temple earth no then there on cause was 1940* DIVORCE, TEMPLE MARRIAGE AND to authority of possessed one no and His name,

Ojg) Org) 0/5) Qf8\ Q/5l /Sj OfO1) Ojg) in Ojffl also be bound that earth which would bind on heaven. Before the sealing power of the Priesthood was restored, marriage was necessarily entered into "until death do us part,"and this has

been the condition during most of the generations and decades of time, and even today those lands and peoples beyond America have not been blessed with temples of the Lord—even today there are unnumbered men and women—Latterday Saints with a testimony of the gospel—who for one reason or

another, geographic or otherwise, have not been FOR EVERY TWENTYSEVEN MARRIAGES ONE DIVORCE able to enter a temple of the Lord, and whose earnest desire it is to receive the blessings of the But divorce statistics are only one of many farhouse of the Lord and enter into a companionship reaching considerations where temple marriage is that is spared the need for looking to a time of final concerned—considerations which persist worlds

parting. without end!

Realizing how limited this privilege has been It is regrettable that there was ever a time in the through the centuries of time, and to how few it history of the world when men and conditions were is actually available even now, it is inconceivable unprepared, in the eyes of the Lord, to have access that any Latterday Saint, young or old, who could to a temple holy to His name in which the eternal have access to a temple, and who could worthily contract of marriage could be entered into now and obtain admission, would fail to avail himself of forever. But it is more regrettable if there be anyone

this glorious and, literally, this rare opportunity, who could reasonably and worthily marry in the when comes the time of marriage. temple who does not do so. Those who would

Though divorces are mounting elsewhere, to have entered the house of the Lord for these sacred

with association holy permanent and vicarious in the for provided available, are amply covenant—amost young Latterday Saints marriage is a sacred rites, but who could not because there was none

from cherished to be enough in our a companion loved yet done being done and will be that is this work all temples. But if we are led to judge aright, satistime henceforth—through life and death, and

that lies beyond. Significant in this connection factory provision is much less assured for those

are the following figures on the number of divorces who have had and do have access to temples and among Church members with respect to temple and who, for no very profound reason, fail to qualify civil marriages: themselves, or to avail themselves, of the blessings

of temple marriage.

CHURCH DIVORCE STATISTICS—1941 It is a question whether any of us who call our-

1 divorce to 10.8 civil marriages selves Latterday Saints can afford to neglect or

1 temple 27.4 to divorce marriages postpone any conforming act that may better qualiall marriages 1 18.3 of to divorce

fy us to meet the stresses of life here,, and to merit

CHURCH DIVORCE STATISTICS—1940 the highest promises of life hereafter What may

1 divorce to 9.7 civil marriages result from relegating this opportunityro the future,

temple 27.0 to 1 divorce that the to say, Lord but prepared no marriages perhaps man is

all marriages 1 17.8 of to divorce to be a seems to be used temples now now gave us

thought serious the of worthy conclusion tenable significant when startlingly figures become These look old, Saints, and who young Latterday of the Church within that is note made mental the L. E. marriage.—/?. toward times more half a the to over and represent ratio of two Service Sience released illustration there by is a upper 'The

divorces among those who are married by civil andmarriagedivorceextended belowratiotoforrepresentthe wholethe U.marriagedivorceS. for 1940 hasratiobeenof duplicatedL. D. S.

ceremony as against those who are married in the temple marriages for the same year.

were many Nephite high priests, this office in the

Priesthood could not refer to the one high priest, of the order of Aaron, required to stand at the headEvidences and of the Lesser Priesthood. It is clear that Alma

cited in his famous sermon (Alma 13) the story of earlier high priests of the Melchizedek order, toreconciliations explain and to emphasize his own calling. The

existence of numerous high priests is thus another / (Did. ihsL TlsphiisA. ktwsL ihjL evidenceNephites.that the Higher Priesthood was among the

dUqhuc {PaImI/wjOjcL &s$dasl ihsL Under the authority of the Priesthood, the Nephites performed baptisms from the days of the first famine 0$. QhhldJL? Nephi. (Mos. 18:1316; Alma 5:3; 15:13; 48:19)

Now, baptism is by itself an incomplete ordinance.

Its full value comes when it is followed by the re- '"Phere is no direct answer to this question in the ception of the gift of the Holy Ghost. Numerous

Book of Mormon. Yet, the events recorded in references in the Book of Mormon indicate that the

the Nephite scriptures indicate that the Higher Holy Ghost was received by those who had been

Priesthood was among the Nephites prior to the baptized. For example: "The gate by which

coming of Christ. ye should enter is repentance and baptism by water;

The Nephites were descendants of Manasseh, and then cometh a remission of your sins by fire and the son of Joseph of Egypt. (1 Nephi 5:1416; by the Holy Ghost."(2 Nephi 31:17) "He that is

Alma 10:3) The Nephite Priesthood therefore difbaptized—him will the Father give the Holy Ghost

fered from the Levitical Priesthood which was as-... baptism of fire and of the Holy Ghost."( 2 Nephi

signed to the sons of Levi, the brother of Joseph. 31:1214) Alma likewise says that he had labored

Lehi, father of the Nephites, held the Priesthood, "without ceasing"to bring souls unto repentance for, while yet in the wilderness, he and his family "that they might also be born of God, and be filled offered sacrifice and burnt offerings, priestly orwith the Holy Ghost."(Alma 36:24)

dinances of the Church before the coming of Christ. The ordinance of baptism could be administered

(1 Nephi 5:9) by holders of the Lesser Priesthood ( priests ), but

Nephi, the son of Lehi, also held the Priesthood, the conferring of the Holy Ghost requires the auprobably conferred by his father. Nephi in turn thority of the Higher Priesthood. Again the conordained two of his brothers, Jacob and Joseph, clusion seems warranted that the Nephites had the

to the Priesthood. They should be priests and Higher Priesthood.

teachers over the land of my people."(2 Nephi President Brigham H. Roberts came to the same

5:26) The elder and younger Alma (Alma conclusion in his comprehensive study of the Book

5:3), several of the latter's sons, and Nephi, the of Mormon. He says:

son of Helaman, together with many others, some of whom are not mentioned by name, held the Lehi held the Priesthood,... the Higher Priesthood,

Priesthood even to the coming of Christ. ( 2 Nephi which was after the order of Melchizedek, and was a prophet

18:2; 25:4; Alma 30:20, 23; 46:38) At no time, and minister of righteousness. This, Lehi conferred upon his

it would seem, were the Nephites without the son, Nephi; and Nephi, shortly after his separation from his

Priesthood. elderyoungerbrothersbrothers,on Jacobthe landand ofJoseph,promise,to beconsecratedpriests and teachershis two

It would appear that not every man held the unto his people. (New Witnesses for God, Vol. 2, p. 219)

Priesthood, yet it must have been rather widely distributed. Mosiah records that there was "one Undoubtedly, various offices in the Priesthood

priest to every fifty of their number."( Mos. 18:18) were recognized by the Nephites. Teachers, priests,

Every Church unit was presided over by the Priestand high priests are specifically mentioned in the hood. (Mos. 25:21) Book of Mormon. The terms teachers and priests

The nature of the Nephite Priesthood is gathprobably refer to offices in the Lesser Priesthood;

ered from various statements made by Book of and the term high priest to an office in the Higher

Mormon characters. Jacob, the brother of Nephi, Priesthood. The Priesthood organization of the

declared that he had been "called of God, and Nephites was such as to meet the needs of the people after of his order."holy ordained the manner (2 cf that A. W. day.—/. "I the younger, says Alma, am called Nephi 6:2)

... according to the holy order of God, which is in

Christ Jesus"(Alma 5:44), and he later states that he confined himself wholly to the High Priesthood JU. What aa, Bul 0i&iwjdtwn

of "the holy order of God."(Alma 49:30) This holy order was "after the order of his Son."(Alma (BsdwswL ihsL (pAJUL&ihood and

13:2; Helaman 8:18) The "holy order of God,"especially when coupled with the order of the Son iPuL JisuLfA, ofc, Uul (pMsAJthoad?

of God, has always been held to refer to the Melchizedek or High Priesthood. ( Doctrine and Cove- A key unlocks the door to our house, or the cover

nants 77:11; 84:19) of our jewelbox, or the ignition of our autoAlma was a high priest. (Alma 8:23) His mobile. Without the key, we cannot have access

sons were ordained high priests, and also many to the house, possess the jewels, or drive the car.

others. (Alma 46:6; Helaman 3:25) Since there Our property is inactive, {Continued on page 413)

morning CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

MY NEIGHBOR'S KITCHEN By Ann Halt Payment for Handy Hints used will be one dollar upon publication. In the event

have just returned from my neighamusement outside its walls, searching that two with the same idea are submitted, bor's kitchen where a wood fire was for something they sense is gone withthe one postmarked earlier will receive the

I crackling cheerfully and sturdily in out knowing what it is they seek. dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

an oldfashioned range. On the table In these worldshattering times we but each will receive careful consideration

were loaves of freshly baked bread, need a return of the old homespun brown and crusty; a flaky, stillbubbling qualities: work for the satisfaction of When you go away from home for a

appleMy pie;housecrispis electricallyspicy cookies.equipped for homecookedaccomplishment;meals;thrift;simplewellprepared,pleasures; lowingfew days,care:giveplaceyoura basinhouse ofplantswaterthebesidefolcooking and is heated by an oilburner of families gathered with games, books the flower pot. Fold and stitch a length

it size the material. of about cotton Make It is efficient furnace. the of a convenient, about and and handiwork warmth

large of wick. thickness a Put lamp and

I its ofbut as fragrance entered fire with kitchen I glowing good own my the other into water. the Bury end one

is that sensed there something about an atmosphere There woodsmoke. was plant. Several the earth the in around end

in that other, lacking in mine. My a hearthfire that draws people together pots may be grouped about the same basin

house was warm, but it was a different in spirit. Something implanted ages ago of water. The plants will be fed with

warmth, impersonal, without the heartwhen fire was a thing of vital imporwater constantly. D. K., Cincinnati, Ohio

is. it still vitality as to mankind, of heat coming from tancewarming

for large are a bit your which Candles lifees-flames the flames generated very burned from have So on many in hot alcandlesticks water; dipped be may

trees. tars of forgotten to that gods!sence old gropTrees have grown Man, easily this to will soften mould them enough in sun and rain and snow—in heat and ing spiritually, in gratitude sending up to the right size. E. S. J., Salt Lake Citv rcold—drawing their sustenance from toward the heavens his most precious Utah.

soil. thisthe Storing within themselves possession—fire. easily needles can be machine Sewing fire hissubstance flames Primitive it out in to pour and whose man kindled

stitching piece through of sharpened a by retains called of the lifegiving elementsheat with his companions him about fine inches. L. for a Mrs. few sandpaper

the earth. a cave home. Here, crouched above a B., Bennettsville, South Carolina.

The laborsaving conveniences of red flame, he gained some sense of semodern life are fine things. No one curity in a new and frightening world To prolong the life of your silk hosiery,

to the last of vinegar a small amount all his the return to to backwantwould—impressing rinse inIt dissolves water. soap andandspirit-breaking of tasks in the grandour deep human

longer wear. Utah. lovesoul—soand needdeeplyof thatfire suresadd Heber, A. C, still feel the need! thatmothers. But perhaps of an women we

older generation were wiser than we in My neighbor has known eighty years Keep a package of sanitary picnic spoons the ways of living; knowing that into of full living. Years filled with loving in the medicine cabinet for measuring medithe dough they kneaded, the food they service to her family, and kindliness to cine doses, as these can be thrown away

cooked went the joy of loving service. all about her. Very active, she is alert after using. This saves silver spoons which

discolored are often badly by medicine. in love her outlook. food prepared with and modern and the mentallyThat

M., Bellevue, Michigan. C. T. her family nourishSince rearingsatisfaction she has Mrs. done own of work well

es the soul as well as the body. helped to rear four fine grandchildren. I keep a small blunt end pair of scissors

Have we, in our search for efficiency Her kitchen is a gatheringplace for the in my kitchen implement drawer for cutand leisure, lost a warmth of living that young folks, who are drawn to its frating the edges of my pastry. This is espeif likes the cially helpful pastry person a grant heartas center? the togoes a warmth much make home as I—finding

it to fold in the order cut wider than pan life. vital there of spark a of the taken so out been muchHas

fluted edge. high under a and make They

it lost that from some havehome we for also cutting dates used be up and may it qualityindefinable that a magmade fruit for raisins trash cakes. eliminate container the from emityour To To keep

net for the family circle, and has left ting foul odors wash out empty tin cans sticky unpleasantness that accompanies it a less satisfying place? Perhaps that before depositing them.—Mrs. J. A. G., this task dip the scissors in water occais why many seek for pleasure and Smithfteld, Utah. sionarlly.—Mrs. H. S. Phoenix, Arizona.

"rtMA/KS, P*l/

MAKE ALL YOUR WASH LOOK

Afe so /ute/yFAULTLESS

5v10*-25AT YOUR GROCER'S

Homing f.,tested menus and recipesCANNING FOR PICNICS

By Ethel Hudson that keep your food bills down!

hasn't experiencedthat lazy, W.hocarefree feeling that sneaks WRITE FOR

up on us with days, the warm summer turning our thoughts the outBORDEN'S PENNY BANQUETS toward doors, our steps and toward the kitchen T\ TODAY w a picnicto pack basket!

A picnic!—there's just something

about that expression that appeals to everyone *.\, m alike. young old and—&.w it's favorite aWhether spot down by

the river... or a little cove at the

beach... some pretty grassy nook in

the park under a big sycamore tree...

oryard—everyonejust a gettogetherthrillsin toyourtheownthoughtback

of a picnic.

But did you homemakers ever think WORRIED about rising food prices? 2. 12 recipes for hearty, nutritious

of canning for picnics? Maybe that's Here's help. Send your name and meals made with Borden's Evaporated

a thought that never occurred to you. address, plus the name and address of Milk—the golden, Westernmade evapIf so, you'll be amazed at the possibiliyour grocer to Borden's, 50 N. Main orated milk irradiated with Vitamin D.

itties offers, and once you've proved St., Salt City. into rich, goodness Lake creamy Blends

to it is yourself simple to how pack a free the dish! BORDEN'S every single Get PENNY Write today!picnic shelf lunch from of your homeserve folder that helps you BANQUET

I'll foods,canned venture to say you straining the without mealswill always keep a few special picnic balanced BORDEN'S budget. Here's you get: what hand.jars on

To begin with, there's always fried 1. 12 balanced, seasonal menus that EVAPORATED MILK

chicken. In the fall when things are a may cut your food bills as much as Irradiated with Vitamin D

bit slow and you have some extra hours $2.69 a week.

on jars not your hands, several can why

It'sof fried just chicken? so simple to &..-open a jar and quickly heat its contents.—

Wide mouth jars are most convenient as the product can be packed to better advantage, and the jars are easier to empty. Then of course you will wantpickles and relishes, and preserves and ##&##

marmalade. Fruit juices canned during

fruit season may be taken along as the basis for a cooling beverage... add

some rolls or bread and butter, and a good cake, and you have a picnic meal that would make anyone's mouth water, and what's most important, you have it ready on a moment's notice, saving your own strength and everyone's disposition.

Here is a tested recipe for homecanned fried chicken given by the canning expert in the Research and Educational Kitchen of a national fruit jar manufacturer:

Fried Chicken

LOWCOST NUTRITION RECIPE VARIETY in cut usual fowl Dress manner. up and best Today's lowcost buy in will nufamily enjoy: Your

like should other meat, be not Chicken. trition.. plus the delight of half shell Calavo on the with until Sear disappears. the heat canned body fresh, flavorsome salads made dressing, or just French lemon lightly fat until in hot browned. chicken

Pack hot chicken into clean jars to within in a minute. juice and salt.

1 inch of top. Add 1 teaspoon salt to each Calavo is rich in natural vitaCalavo sliced in mixed salads

jar if desired. or 3 quart 4 tablespoons Add mins, minerals and energy units fruits, vegof all kinds—with seared. fat of chicken Put on in which was so vital to Victory. etables and sea foods. tight. firmly in cap, Process screwing band

the pressure cooker 60 minutes at 15 pounds, or in the hot water bath 180 minutes. Though treeripened, a Calavo is only ready to serve when

mellowsoft, so that it yields to gentle pressure between the

While we were talking I also asked palms. Firm Calavo softens at room temperature in a few days.

of his pet theories about him for some specialties. picnic other canning With SEND28pageFORbookFREEof recipes"Calavocadeand menuofsuggestions.Recipes,"beautifulWrite Calavonew

a twopiece "selfsealing"cap, the Growers, Los Angeles, California, Department AG-1 recipe to according product is prepared the Calavo Reg. U.S. Pat. Off., Calavo Growers of Calif. Copr. 1942 to the jar and then packed into

{Concluded on page 388) FOR CALIFORNIA'S FINESTBE SURE IT'S STAMPED CALAVO

LATTICE STAYS LOVELY Fences, too! Keep them new

with Fuller's brightly colored A clear, high ringing note will indicate RUSTIC AND SHINGLE FINISH Homing a perfect seal, and the screwband may

Inexpensive. Many shades! {Concluded from page 387) then be removed for it is no longer

necessary once the jar is sealed.

correct height, depending on the type of On display in this famous kitchen product, then the lid is placed on the were hundreds of jars filled with the jar with the sealing composition next to most fascinating foods. Every fruit and

the glass, and the band screwed down vegetable that I had ever heard of was firmly tight. If the product requires represented on the shelves. Talk about

processing, a time table should be careappetite appeal! There was one section

fully followed. This type of cap refor pickles and relishes, another for

quires no further tightening at the end jams, conserves, marmalades, and preof the processing period since the jar serves.

seals by vacuum as the contents cool, But I still believe the picnic possiand not by the pressure of the cap. This bilities held my interest longer than the

makes it important that jars be kept upother jars. Perhaps that's because I

right while they cool, but as soon as love the outof-doors and am always they are cold they may be tested for looking for shortcuts that will simplify seal by tapping the lids with a teaspoon. the preparation of picnic meals.

FIX UP THE FURNITURE THAT OTHER SHADOW years of service to tables, Add (Continued from page 370) positive decisions. "That old bird

benches, chairs—beautify them

too—with gay They followed down a ravine and can't reach the bridge without comhere, right along ing and behind the dusty along at a brisk clip rode DECORET ENAMEL of rocks these full command Lodge. we have to They Hat Mexican Weatherresistant. Easy to apply. road

sat down to supper as the sun disthe road."

appeared in the west, and then, with "But the bridge would give him to their horses tied in the old stable, us like a rat in a trap,"demurred the they set off afoot in the fading twideputy, "here he might jump down light intent on reaching their ambush among the rocks and begin to shoot, in the side of the steel bridge which but there he couldn't dodge at all spans the San Juan at the mouth of why not go there as we planned?"

the little canyon below Mexican "Here,"and the sheriff spoke cauHat. tiously in an undertone, "we have

TOOLS ARE SCARCE! "Is it possible that old buzzard the full light of the moon, but there

Why lose 'em or let weather could have passed us while we ate seems to be a shadow on the bridgerot 'em? Protect your tools with supper?"asked the deputy, disturbed we couldn't see clearly there as we

drying quickDecoret Enamel. it. of thought at the very here."can

furniConsider matching your sheriff, shaking the affirmed "No,"sir,"the other admitted in "Well, ture. shades. rainbow 22

his head decisively, "You noticed surprise, "there is a kind of shadow

I sat by the window and I watched on the bridge, but where does it come

YOUR GATE SINGS "WELCOME"the road. He'd have to have a 'T from? It may just seem that way * Dress up your gate and garden Model'to make time like that—we because of the distance."

/ j door! Make them as bright as came on the lope, and that fellow'd "Maybeso, but I want to stop right

flowers. Easy to do. Fast to his whercamp, to get back have -himfl-l your we'll along, here. he comes When

too. With smoothflowing is, find his pack horses that and ever surto plenty of chance give him

can render, but if he hesitates—why, just DECORET ENAMEL up before even starting—you

be impossible."see it wouldmm seemed That to place Bill Gabe letcan himdo."have it, that's the best we

WHAT ABOUT YOUR FLOWER POTS? and his 4590 definitely behind them,

Paint your pots, boxes, tubs... and the two strode on down the

watch your flowers come to life! sandy road in silence, each one 1 ntensity increased with

as they the hours slowdragging his the solemn with gun For outside clutching silently in their ambush, crouched behappen would thought of what

DECORET ENAMEL fore morning. their eyes on the dugway, their ears

Seal 'em inside The light of day had yielded to intent for the sound of hoofs. Every

the registered sharply on they sound of a big glimmer when moon FULLER GILACOAT the doleowl, the night, the melancholy the steel see could got where they bridge dimly in the river gorge beful coyote, and always the steady low them. Weird shadows nestled murmur of the San Juan below them,

against every ledge and prominence, crawling around all its crooks and and the massive Alhambra Rock, turns to pass under the spanning thrusting its ragged profile against bridge and the strange shadow.

the sky, cast a long patch of shade The hours grew mercilessly long, over the broken terrain. and they spoke only in guarded

With an unexplained impression, tones, while the night wind whisthe sheriff stopped short in the midpered softly above them, raising its dle of the dugway, "I think this is voice at intervals as if to emphasize the place for us,"he declared, with some important word. The shade

the finality of a man who can make from Alhambra Rock reached in388

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1942

That Other Shadow CbuL yjoiL fjJwiviw With, %dwl. AuaxJl?

definitely into the distance till a bank of clouds drifted up from the southSubscribe to and read west, obscuring the shadows and then hiding the whole landscape in THE IMPROVEMENT ERA darkness. The wind blew, and just 50 North Main, Salt Lake City

before the first gray glimmer promised an end to that long night, there came a sprinkle of rain. TRAVELER'S MOTOR LODGE

1481 SOUTH STATE "He'll be along now any time,"SALT LAKE'S OUTSTANDING MOTOR whispered the sheriff, "the earlier he New andCOURTStrictly Modern

Air Conditioned Summer—Automaticit will suitcan better him."move the ally Heated Furnin Winter—Beautifullyin

Carpeted With Colored Floors and "There'll the ished be on shadow no Tile Showers, Radios Free bridge now,"pleaded the deputy, BETTER THAN THE BEST HOTELS "why not get down there and make FOR LESS sure?""When it's a little lighter, but not along the road—he'd see our tracks."

In the gray dawn to the north of the end theybridge—nocrept on fiiiJuoudkwsL

there since beentracks had the made inshower. the But the SOCIAL CENTER middle of

bridge—What! A boot track on

the rain! It led off to the south—it

was made running; a man had hurried to some horses tied in a ravine

beyond, and he was gone.

it's evening of dining an and "Look at that!"exclaimed the Whether

of delightful dancing or living a week sheriff as they came back on the... this elegant Hotel has every fabridge, and he pointed to a place cility for your entertainment and comwhere a man in boots had crouched fort.

in colorful the COFFEEin girder. the rain behind a "He

of gaiety in romantic EnjoySHOP—nightsmealssure us enough passed while we ate STARLITE GARDENS.

supper—he came down behind the

Lodge.""He must have ridden like the wind,"exclaimed the deputy in asHOTEL UTAH tonishment. "But I still can't figure Guy Toombes, Managing Director

out what cast the shadow on this Saltatr bridge,"and he looked up searchin gly to see which of the surrounding cliffs might have made the shade.

"The shadow of Alhambra Rockwas plain enough, but that other—"That other,"the sheriff broke in, PAR"was the shadow of Bill Gabe's old POLKA

4590 and his full expectation ofshooting you and me like two rats in DOT a trap and heaving us over the railPerfecting into the San Juan. o Concentrated

"Are we whipped?"faltered the

deputy, a withered sensation deSoap The Modern pit of his in theveloping stomach. BLUING

full!"the Par is the granulated soap snorted a jug "Not by

rich, produces which...sheriff, his it with showing his Use jaw heavy soap efask your in water suds any in fective find resolution sweetnature to in the tub... with

. rinses.. the which soap

bitter adversity. bird'll never "That clothes. the Saves freely leaves and no ring grocer we'll reservation; across themake it the rinsing. tub. the extra around

get back to the telephone and contact the Navajo police—they'll pick 'im PAR SOAP COMPANY, 767 85th Ave., Oakland, California

up like a little bird jumping out of the nest into a convention of cats."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1942

On the Book Rack (Continued from page 380) BOOKS ON NUTRITION

the nation compelling to give war is The nutrition, serious attention to human IK DEFENSE OF major factor in establishing and maintaininga health. A sick or weak people cannot fight

well or support the armed forces, nor can HEALTH such a people in peace time live their lives fully. in recent years also been There has FLAVOR nutritional in our an astonishing advance

QUALITY knowledge.on the subjectConsequently,are appearing.numerousIt is booksa sad

PURITY commenttites or unsupportedthat in times traditionalof peace, ourpracticesapperun away with our nutritional intelligence.

Drink sternPerhapsnecessitythis warof willfeedingimpressour uponbodiesus corthe

ARDEN rectly,get mostaccordingjoy out ofto ourmodernlives.knowledge,In Dr. Mcto

Lester's words, "In the future, science promises will to those races take advantage who Homogenized Arden Homogenized Milk—superior the of nutrition, of knowledge newer a infant for grand a feeding—and stature, larger greater vigor, increased longsensation iasie refreshment and MILK new evity, level cultural of and higher devel- a

too. for adults, Ask for name. it by "Cream in Every Drop"following opment."three can books be The

recommended safely:

I 'J MODERN BREAD FROM THE VIEWPOINT OF NUTRITION CREAMERIES (Sherman and Pearson. The Macmillan

Co., New York. 118 pages. $1.75.)

intelligent should be as Tt C to every A B DESSERTS ROYAL that person is "nutritionally bread white GELATINJflavors 7 exquisite for a va- * riety of colorful, appetizing an impoverished product."Since the techdesserts and salads. nology of producing white flour is highly

ROYAL PUDDINGS is developed, recourse to being had now

i Chocolate, Vanilla it flour and enriching to returning white by some Butterscotch, also Vanilla of it is the substances from which robbed Tapioca and Orange Coconut Tapioca. Smooth, in milling. the subject modern of This is creamy and wholesome. discussion in written this volume by foremost authorities in the field.

It would seem better in the interest of as to of health return to human

I wmmI WS.S<:ojchPUDDING If economythe milling flour of the wheat whole of our

6EUTIN fathers.—/. A W.

PmyaT1 VANitU VITAMINS AND MINERALS..PUDDING ROYAL SALAD GELATIN I FOR EVERYONE

delicious With a flavor, not sweet. Grandmeatlikefor (Alida Frances Pattee. G. P. Putnam's

moulded meats, fish, salads Sons. 242 pages. $2.00.)

and for jellied soups. Tn simple language and with ample illusFLEISCHMANN'S YEAST * trations, tables, diagrams, and practical

The household faexamples, this book discusses in conversavorite of genfour the place tional language of vitamins and erations. rich Extra diet. It is devised in the human Bi, minerals in vitamins A,

ROYAL BAKING POWDER D and G. especially for the housewife. The various

The special baking powder for vitamins are dealt with in separate chapters, cakes. nationally The only as are also the minerals necessary for full of uted Cream

It health. intelligent, powder.

easily Tartar bakingdistribSTANDARD BRANDS volume, AtrustworthyW. is understood.—/.an

of California MINERALS IN NUTRITION

POPULARLY EXPLAINED (Z. T. Wirtschafter, M. D. Rheinhold

DELICIOUS. PublishingHPhe publicCorporation.generally are175 becomingpages. $1.75.)vita-

* min conscious. However, it is not so WE RENT... well understood that vitamins can do their

REASONABLE CHARGES work in the body only in the presence of

PATRIOTIC COSTUMES PIMENTO an adequate supply of necessary minerals.

is subject HISTORICAL of COSTUMES importance. utmost The That CHEDDAR AGED PIONEER COSTUMES this valuable. doubly makes book LUNCH DUTCH PERIOD COSTUMES

in discusses author popular language The SUITS TUXEDO AND FORMAL

WIGS, BEARDS, ETC. the fifteen minerals which it is known must

For Your Pageant, Parade, be present in the daily diet if the health

Play or Opera balance is to be preserved. Stress is laid

CAUTION—Order Early metabolism.upon the diseasesThe picturesfollowingfromfaultyphotographsmineral

Milam's Costume Shop mineralizationshowing the resultsare convincing.of normal andIt abnormalis a book

Salt Lake City, Utah for the day, for all who desire to use the findings of science (Retailer's ICE BOX health.—J. A. W. in the maintenance of

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1942

doctrine, history, the early members,On the Book Rack of achievements has ignored the Church. He and 'Boy, this soup

story of the sequence—theTHE ROAD WE ARE thefirst historicalvision occurs chapterin the eighth 19141942TRAVELING,

to tell the story of the to teach gospel and (Stuart Chase. Twentieth Century The

its in truths he will really tastes thinks an order whichFund. 1942. $1.00.) 106 pages.

appealing unfamiliar persons most to be discover to attempts the recent book with Mormonism. The chaptersThis deal with!"

to the beginning, the present that first defense, causes first objections, world have ledchaos. At the end is a summary of the probspirit, mystery, glory, purpose, service, wonlike chicken

lems that the world must face after the war. der, and destiny of Mormonism; also with

The book, which offers instructive and stimthe pro and con of it. He does not hesitate

ulative reading, is the first of a projected to deal with antiMormon material as he series of six books on the general theme unfolds the story. It is a very readable

"When the War Ends."Stuart Chase's volume, easy in style, interesting in treatstyle is vigorous, and he tries to support ment, and comprehensive, despite its small

his conclusions with ample facts.—/. A. W. compass. The few errors in the book,

MORMONISM—WHAT IS IT whichtion, doshouldnot detractbe correctedfrom thein generalanothervalueediALL ABOUT? of this good and wellintentioned presentation is of Mormonism. "Rebook The Ziegler, the author, (Wesley published by

all spectfully dedicated to reverence who California.399 Del E. Pasadena, Mar,

truth, regardless of believe they whether pages. 102 50 cents.)

it."contains will this book book The

author, himself to a convertTHE no presents, here to Church, primarily nonthe doubtgood.—/.haveA. a W.wide appeal and do much

CARTHAGE JAIL

[Concluded from page 373) which shelters the door from the lathed and plastered as in the jailor's dining room of the jail. Altogether

bedroom and the living room down there are today thirteen windows stairs. The laths are frowed or split and nine doors in the two buildingsfrom oak logs and are not of uni-—all original.

There's plenty of plump, some and or thickness,form width In repairing disthe kitchen we crooked. decidedly areof them it is that covered as well trussed as tender in chicken RANCH0 at laths one marvels theseLooking truss at one large barn, a would and

skill the ofthe craftsmen who covis the trussing mortised and held CHICKEN NOODLE soup plaster. withered them together pins. with wooden WoodThe rafters and sheathing of the en pins were used to hold all doors, Pride and joy of the Rancho chefs is

building are sawed oak and the windows, and the stairway together their famous Chicken Noodle Soup. And

crowning feature is the walnut which, perhaps, accounts for their no wonder! It's made from a marvelous,

shingles, handmade. rigidity after these many years. oldfashioned Western recipe—a fullThe baseboards and window sash There was an incalculable amount flavored, fullbodied chicken broth enare of white pine, the only material of work, painstakingly done, but riched with tender bits of chicken and

not native of this county. The oak, the whole only cost four thousand delicious egg -noodles. Have Rancho

walnut, and butternut (a wood beone hundred five dollars. It has Chicken Noodle Soup for lunch tomorlonging to the walnut family and been estimated that to duplicate the row—it's practically a meal in itself!

sometimes called whitewalnut) are building and do the work and furall native woods and grow in abunnish the same kind of material todance in the vicinity. There is no day, would cost not less than fifty

doubt but some of the boards were thousand dollars, if indeed the meRANCHO SOUPSsawed with a whipsaw. Some of chanics and material could be found.

the door frames show evidence of Made from top quality Western produce, blended to having been hewn into shape, for The quarry from which the stone favorite old Western recipes, simmered for hours, the score marks are visible. They was taken is about four and a half all amazingly low priced.

northeast Chicken of.Carthage. Gumbo The hand, though miles also rabbeted bywere

forests Pea.AsparagusVegetable CreamTomatoof Mushroom Chicken from which the Noodle most of to cut through hadthe workman

knots in shaping them. All mouldwoods were cut are gone to make

ings were handmade, and we have room for the farmer, but there are secured some of the tools that were still many fine trees standing.

used in the construction of the jail. The tools that were used on the

On the east of the jail, and atbuilding, mentioned above, were tached to it, is a oneroom frame given to us by Charles Sample of building used for a kitchen. It is Warsaw, Illinois, grandson of John

twelve by twelve feet and contains Sample, the man who made some of three doors and one window. One the window sash with these same

door opens to the west, one to the tools. They were all masterwork-

north and one to the south. The men who contributed to the buildwindow is on the east. The door ing, and they took a pride in doing

on the south opens on to a porch honest work.

1H IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1942

AMERICA'S FINEST OVERALL And the

SINCE 1853 Mountains Beyond (Continued from page 379) THERE'S A REASON—his eyes were deep. In his serious LEVI'S They all wear LEVI'S! moments he looked forty. Could he

be, she wondered.

"Mary,"he was saying slowly, still looking out of the window.

LEVI STRAUSS A NEW PAIR FREE "Mary..."

IF THEY RIP No, no, he mustn't ask her. She

must forestall him.

scratch CONCEALED COPPER RIVETS ON BACK POCKETS "Oh, Paul, I don't know what I shall ever do with Bennie. Nothing,

no technique succeeds. I try cajoling him into liking me, seriously,

manto-man fashion I try to get him to stop torturing me just out of fair play. I try to shame him into decency. I can't. It's useless."11Milk White"Eggs "No, Mary. You're just tired toThe Perfect Food night,"Paul said in his doctor's

voice. "And it is no wonder. You

and need a change. Three years of teachit is the wilds—for

to years of trying Natural HealthGuard ingwilds,schoolMary,in threethe people's other teach and manage fit fighting forces our serving Keeping as a healthguard and is for any enough woman,.. front quality well. top "Milk as on the White"home Eggs children

is vital loveand who for any woman... truly perfect the nutrition highly are food concentrated

like you. deliciously prepared in hundreds of different ways. ly need to get out of here. You "You

to love you a home, some man Ask for need of your own. You and children

gaining only mohuman."was He "MILK WHITE"EGGS & POULTRY need them and want them. You're at me, Mary!"mentum. "Look

Your guarantee of quality Reluctantly she raised her eyes.

UTAH POULTRY PRODUCERS'COOP. ASSN. And surprisingly, the gaze he had

requested disconcerted him. He had

no words for her, and soon he arose from the desk and went to the back of the school room where he absently contemplated a calendar done in chalk upon the blackboard.

that for a long time."wiik. imp&danL known ENRICHED "I want to marry you. You've to require an answer. It seemed

"Yes,"Mary said simply.

knew I would come today "You VITAMINS and IRON for the verdict."

Everyone needs extra vim, vigor and vitality these days—and ||Wait, Paul."

Royal Enriched Bread helps to supply it. This delicious loaf, "I've waited three years now. A

with a substantial, natural, realbread flavor, contains added woman might, but a man can't wait

If vitamins and iron that nutrition authorities say everyone should it'sforever.no, I leaveThis tonight."is my last plea.

have for the best of buoyant health. Be sure you get Royal Constrainedly he returned to the

Enriched Bread at your grocer's. desk to face her.

"I want you—Mary. I've wanted

im&h youthe trainsincepulledI met outyouwithin tearsthe surveyorthat day = FINE aboard."

He waited for a reaction, but there was none. mm "You had your hair flying and ROYAL BAKING COMPANY... Fresh your face was young, pathetic and

Salt Lake and Ogden Every Day streaked. And I made you laugh

100% Homeowned—100% American at Your Grocer's even amidst the heartbreak, remember?"

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1942

AND THE MOUNTAINS BEYOND STOCK YOUR, PANTRY AT

She remembered, with a nod. Vividly she recalled Paul's words: PRESENT

"This must be the fifth time I've "Won't you go away with me, PRICES expounded the advantages of matriMary? We can get out of here and

mony, but here's the last appeal: back to civilization. You hate it as

please won't you join the team and much as I."

go away with me? We can get out He hated her West and he never

of here and back to civilization. You would have stayed. He hated her

hate this place as much as I. Things West and her sages and the mounyou haven't dreamed are waiting for tains beyond while she could have

us, because I'm a good doctor—with been at peace nowhere else. Funny,the best—and I'll get there."she reflected, how dependent we are

"Where?"Mary challenged in on the kindly land where we were

a teasing mood. born and raised—how we love it af-

"To the top,"he affirmed earnestter all. It would be unthinkable to

ly. leave—like cutting off an arm, no,

Then they were tense again and more like cutting out a heart.

serious. "Well, what do you say?""pven the flies seemed to have

"Can't you wait until tomorrow, stillnesshushed.of theNotschoolroom.a sound brokeAll thethePaul? I'm overwrought tonight—world seemed to be waiting for her

can't think."to speak. The answer could be but

"Now."one: "No, Paul."

All the breath seemed to leave

HPhe silence hung heavy in the little Paul's body in a long sigh. It was

schoolroom, broken only by the minutes before he spoke and when monotonous droning of the flies. The he did, his voice was colorless. Mary

heat was oppressive; the sun seemed could not look at him and at the pain

to be bent upon baking the earth and she knew was in his big dark eyes.

primarily the lonesome schoolhouse "I see you are still waiting for the with its playground of sagebrush. surveyor. Well, I'm sorry, Mary,

Mary Jane Leonard gazed out across sorry for us both."He slowly took

the sage shimmering in the heat and his hat from a desk nearby; slowly

suddenly was overcome by the very he walked to the door. There he

emptiness of it all. The coming years paused. For one startling moment

of her life seemed to be stretching they faced each other—she soberout just like the landscape—monotand expressionless, he gently smilonous, dreary, empty. ing, the old humor dimly flickering

This morning she had discovered in his eyes.

three tiny wrinkles marring the "My life will be empty without smooth oval that was her face. you, Mary."

Old age. The idea struck terror Anxiously he awaited a response

herself grimthrust. her. to thisinto not heed she a Might saw She STRAWBERRIES tightly tears with her old the in herfaced change eyes and maid and quiet

pursed lips that never smiled and mind now she actually saw that he. and cream

eyes filled with disillusion and a meant to leave, he wondered. HopeOVENSWEET OVENCRISP

haunting loneliness. Thirty years fully he waited for her to say Slobaked 2 hours for quick energy

be she Paul."might evenfrom sitting "Goodbye, now lOZ SERVINGCONTAINS decision this regretting theat desk "Goodbye,"he said and was

UNITS 0\ I OU MICROGRAMS V7f*life—andthat had outlinedPaul's. Shethe heldcoursetheirof desher gone.For a long moment Mary Jane 100

tinies; and she had to decide now. Leonard's thoughts were a blank;

FREE Bird Pictures Inside Mary became filled with a deep her mind was a blank—she thought,

contentment. It wasn't as if she had her life was a blank. Paul was leavto choose between two men. Or as ing it and taking with him all the

Paul had inferred, between him and sunshine she had known for three the illusion of the other who might years. Years upon years would folThe FRESH START BRMKFAST

come back. In her mind's eye she low after this and she would forget

saw a picture of that other, Russ, the the lilt in his voice, the way the corpicture. crinkled ners of his eyessurveyor, up but it when was a vague

a but right deep II\! USE For OVER FIFTY YEARS of him he laughed, wasAll she could remember now

his thick waving hair, auburn in colanguish was overcoming her in spite Aids in treatment of Canker, simple or, and his strong jaw and sturdy of her resolve to keep it down and sore throat and other minor mouth build. He was set against a rugged to be sensible about this whole thing. and throat irritations.

western sky and sagebrush. In realShe mustn't cry. Teachers didn't

all, heartity it cry. let her but must She he she saw at was not be Hall's Canker Remedy loved, strength of the the healed she the great mounthe by West, West

So. at Salt 536 East 2ndimpersonated by him. tains beyond. Lake City, Utah

WHY FR/SKIES WltaixL /STHEBESTFOOD PLANNING REHEARSAL The best grade of work during reFOR YOUR DOG By Dr. Frank W. Asper, hearsalbut the ishournot donemust inbea carefulyhaphazardstudiedway,

Tabernacle Organist and planned, so that every minute of <v- Because Qne cannot be a successful choirtime counts.

that should remember The choirleader musical leader unless has a good he ftts acomp/tfete of religion.""music is the handmaid uses tact not temperand background,% </oa food/ ament, and has good executive ability. Music inspires prayerful moods in the

He cannot hope for the respect of his time we spend in church, and it acts as singers unless he has these qualifica- a stimulant to us spiritually. The choir

tions. The rehearsal time is really can do much to convey these moods,

where he shows his choir how things it helps to inspire the congregation to should sound. He must also remember good hymnsinging, and leads them in

that the choir comes to sing, not to listen it. It can render sacramental music in

Q. Why is Friskies a complete dog to him theorize. One of the quickest such a way as to make us more refood? ways to discourage attendance is for ceptive to the sufferings of Christ, and

A. Friskies contains 19 foods essential the leader to take up most of the remake us realize His great sacrifice betto a dog's good health—meat meal, hearsal time flaunting the knowledge ter. It intensifies our feelings; it can

liver meal, scraps, meat cooked cehe has of music or musical history. If inspire us to praise our Maker, and it reals, dried milk, minerskimmed

als and vitamins for stronger teeth, he talks a great deal he wastes time can also give us spiritual uplift to last bones, a healthier coat. and strength as well as the good disus through the week. The choir also

Q. Is Friskies sufficientfor my dog? positions of the choir members. Like stimulates and guides the silent wor-

A. Yes! No other food is needed when all students, the members learn by doship of the congregation.

feed you Friskies. What's more, ing; he should make necessary stateThink of what membership in the

Friskies is compressed cube form naturally easy to digest. ments and explanations as brief as poschoir should mean to the members them-

Q. Is Friskies economical? sible, and get them to experiment more. selves. They become familiar with the

finest greatest the utterances of remember they will masdoing By actually A.

will instil ters of their observations ever seen, music the world has solid Friskiesfood—-onlyis thrifty because10% moisture.it's 90% better;

There's no waste to Friskies clean, the principle on their minds and they will bringing them in the closest possible convenient cubes. remember not the isolated phrase, but contact with them, at the same time

stahtfuping fmshies topay/ the generality and the principle. serving their God in an active way.

FREE BOOK! 32 pages of vital IN OUR CAMP information about the feeding and (Concluded from page 359) us back to the mission fields. One true

care of your dog. find a change of life and a joy in action. word I as a soldier can express. We

Friskies, Write: all are that Latterare very proud servcooperating, are our we and Our men

1069 Stuart is Saints; that live toproud Bldg., ices of are inspirational. can day us each we To Seattle, Wash. fight together, gether, the our together stand afforded express to opportunity on

ideas, our convictions. We are the many principles; proud that we can

speakers, we are the listeners, we are worship together; proud of the fact that

the ones who receive the benefit. Also our unit bears the typical soldier which

we are afforded the opportunity in aidis our heritage. We carry a living

ing in the local Latterday Saint branch symbol, and we are proud that we can

A WHOLESOME HOT DRINK Sunday school, which carries many of call ourselves Mormon soldiers.

h<4. THE "BOGUS"BRIGHAM STORY

(Concluded from page 371 "Certainly I do,"said Brother

He then took Brother Miller into a Miller.

room, and, turning to him, said, "Then,"said the marshal, "why tell this before?"not you me is in the reason you did did "What h—"I obligations to tell under was no tell not your name?"me

you,"replied Brother Miller, "as you

A distinctive, mellow flavor Brother Miller replied, "You have did not ask me."

in a rage, the—fromwholea skillfulfamily willblendenjoyof not asked me my name."Then the marshal,

of the roasted out followed room, by soy beans, figs and said the sheriff, with anwalked "Well,"grains, slightly sweetened in off Miller, Brother walked who oath, is your name?". other "What with caffeine honey. No

Good for you and good, too. company with Lawyer Edmonds,

Send postcard for names of "My name,"he replied, "is WilSheriff others, Backenstos, and who local dealers. liam Miller."

to of across lots a place took him the marshal, safety; "I thought real pith Said of your this is theMoke and Anc 'J-omaJlinda

Serve Just as far Brigham Brigham, story Young. you the name of "Bogus"was Do

ARLINGTON, CALIF. say this for a fact?"as I can recollect.

o elchize SMITH, FIELDING COUNCIL OF THE OF THE COMMITTEE PRIESTHOOD MELCHIZEDEK BY THECONDUCTED TWELVE—JOSEPH

B. LEE A. CALLIS, Q. SYLVESTER CANNON, AND HAROLD F. MERRILL, CHARLES CHAIRMAN', A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH JOHN

the enterpositions given on were Activity of the instance, Missionary SupervisionQuorum of direction the under committee tainment of Seventy 220th Quorum committee. the miscellaneous of the chairman for the first quarter ofTn reporting

to inactive came seemed the at member Stake, has Bonneville who One Ward,* 1 stake of the the 942, chairman MelYale interested in life he learned was when we total twentythree of present time a ofchizedek Priesthood committee one elders the in baseball team baseball. the field A gosthe preaching in missionaries

thisof the large observastakes made resulting in our havup, talked quorum was of this are pel. two members number Of

tion in his report: us supports the active "Under another member who seventy. of Eight meming above the 220th quorum

as in all means loyally our projects. Such ( that presidentssuggestions of quorums supportat present are bers of our quorum

be chairmen of standing committees) it ing nine of their sons and daughters on these have enabled us to reach out and interest members. our currently supportingis one missions, difficult member stress supervision to quorum

that also members who some found We sons. two in executive our of point anfrom view"more inactive wives were had who were misforegoing, seven to the addition In leadership meeting withmonthly quo- a organized active. Therefore, less or we of sevendaughters or sionaries sons not officers. this obserare glad haveldersrum the quorum, ladies'to auxiliary We four receiving ties from quorum support are

Priesthood as it the committees the for ing gives usvation opsame an made, was members quorum Twentynine members. husbands whose Those women quorum. correctportunity misapprehension. to a to contribute to monthly pledged have their huseventually brought inactive a were assisting of for the purpose fund missionary In the stake the of meeting monthly ladies'organizaactivity. This into bands field. the in missionaries The worthy all officers percommittee with quorum barin the assistance invaluable tion gave

is to the contributing support as such quorumtinent the duties pertaining the raise to matters to elders put the on which becue members missionary. quorum Four of one this performfor seminary. At our ofas presidenciesof executive money quorum of the in performance actively engaged are six hunseven served and between ance weficers in the considered should duly be the nonmembers missionary among work achievement outstanding people. dred The into four the separationmeeting before is in one living and member Yale Ward, acthat this had of undertaking was we If this meetings.standing committee Temple missionary performing work on elders the of tivity every member from

tourist guide. is asfact in Square a acted upon kept mind and of the members as from as well quorums,

there will be ample opportunity for Respectfully submitted by Robert Murray the adult Aaronic Priesthood.

stressing quorum supervision from an Stewart. A project of the class instruction comexecutive point of view. Thus it will mittee was putting over last year's Era cambe found necessary to give attention, "A Quorum's Remarkable paign. Needless to say, our ward went over

are supPriesthood members top. the Since Revival"into meetseparating committeebefore

children, they their must to teach posed the that concernings, to many matters teach, and to and to teach what how Tnder this heading there was pubknow presidencies, acting together as units. **- lished a report on page 39 of The they were shown how the Era could solve

elall the practically the problem. Thus of acting as chairmen committhat 1941, Now, Era, January Improvement

If the access to Era. the in ders have ward in thetees release full not of suggestions does any encourand so way was

their of take not some themselves do they it its needpresidency of a to quorum from repubthink well that agement we a has do. relatives families or Era Theit,

it. its sitting lish readthe careful together as withof a unit recommend We in of our uplift the spiritual homes great

stake committee and being instructed in ing and study by all quorum officers and members.

executive supervision of the quorum. committees—in fact, by all interested The personal welfare committee had its

in the welfare of Priesthood quorums. projects. When the green card survey was

percentage large that a noticed made, we illustrates that certainly report The from aid receiving were of our members MeetingsMonthly Quorum is there there is a will a way,""where another. in or one the government way is that the success group a makes and being everything Practically was consumed to be an urgent need for seemsHPhere

* stake Priesthood committees and largely dependent upon the quality of bought. No longer were our people selfleadership. this presidency sufficient. To the quorum officers to a careful study itsquorum make

Therefore fact we set these was alarming. First the Presidencyof the letter of follows the report Here objectives:

written 1942. of 29, date under January to raise his a family elder and 1. Every of quarterly conference At the November

to access not did have garden. Those who letter presito This addressed a was third the of elStake Panguitch quorum

relatives to get plot from one garden were a bishops wards,dents of of stakes its president, Ernest and reported ders through other members. or revival. remarkable year L. Ahlstrom, adealing Priesthood meetings. with A We where milk 2. cow, elder to a have Every lifeless. Elder earlier the nearly was quorumquote or elders cows possible. had two Some president. installed as Then Ahlstrom was cows the wanted members and who more things began soon and planning begun was

for. thus provided were is of the to a Following happen. summaryPriesthood Meetings Quorum least at to raise family 3. elder's Every at conthe President report Ahlstrom made

the for providing fifty thus eggs chickens, ference: as held continue to should "These be dinner. chicken occasional family and an get up. every Objectives were drawn To arranged."now pig that could a 4. family was keep Every active, things to various were be member

its pork. raise to own all note: please take concerned Will folthe accomplished done. were by These

en- 5. elder farm had was a Every who this service theIn of heading under comChurch means: lowing column The

his thus have to wheat and couraged grow ascertain to mittee contacted every member said in the AprilRestricted Meetings we failed project of the flour. phase This own in willing active to part take was who restrictions that the of thenumber Era farmer nearly every materialize because to all activity. were members These Church First the theplaced Presidency on by profarm government with signed up was in service render to opportunity given an

it is afcertain of possible of accomnot meetingsholding "do gram. However, the Church. were backward Those who

give to are not going up plishment and activiwefect regular meetings and ward to assigned inactive previously and were idea. theties, or Priesthood nor to projects group gatherings, social quorum and work work

a have 6. Building Program. now We of in gradually as commembers some themmeetings. as heretoon These go may the of direction the building under program all service. at tried or special mittee We is Itfore. that be they hoped may committees. standing four the of chairman learn to or anything hobby, times man's a effective previously."than moremade is to this have objective of program The interested that especially him. Those who stress here to the point wish 1941. during his in elderAnd we home every own all interests at to us have gave seemed no

is that no restrictions were placed on the some clues by which we could approach We have one new home practically comholding of monthly quorum meetings. them. Those interested in dramatics, for (Continued on page 396)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1942

MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD {Continued from page 395) to indulge is socially the proper thing knowest I am weak, nevertheless, I have pleted. The elder and his family have moved to do. The novice is in a quandary. tried to keep the Word of Wisdom. If thou

wilt I this give strength it to in will endure heat me complete before and sets winter I shall is his question. do?"His "What

in. I will to mission a go continue on and help to reroof has had One woman is situation seemingly to will embarrassing

I bear testimony to that the elder her home. world Another have a has completed my

is It in him. situations such that many called literal as to been the a special witness of the basement with quorum's his home

take it. their first drink or smoke their first fulfilment is into help and moving of Wisdom."now of the Word We now

cigarette. scarcely finished to praying have two construct more homes when I fullyI hadreon new

this project and three to complete, that are It is probably true that most of the gained my strength. Such an invigorated

now partially done, as well as three to readdicts and occasional participants feeling I thought hardly possible. Almost

pair. The members desiring homes have among us indulge for social reasons. instantly I regained my vision and again

the furnished rocks. material the heavy to move and quorum memsaid in truth that to proceeded But cannot it be assisted quitting Afterbers the time construction. with p. (3:30 m.) I went

indulge exhibit situations in such is to fell for negotiating been and home knees the and thanked a sawmill, to my Wehavehave but as yet this is not completed. However, weakness rather than moral courage? Lord for the experience I had that day and

we hope to have in our quorum either a No one likes weakness but all admire told him I needed no stronger evidence of mill or arrangements whereby our members courage. An exhibition of weakness may the divinity of Section 89 of the Doctrine

can work at a mill to get lumber for building arouse sympathy, but it never comand Covenants, for I saw five hundred men purposes. fainted had that day unand were who respect. mands

all are looking to walk, to of forward establishing users of were whom We Among the liquor, decent people respect and adabletobacco, in Church drinks. Welfare hot program and our quorum

and expect to take care of every quorum miration are always given to one who Elder Barney concludes his letter member. We are always open for suggespolitely but firmly adheres to his standwith this statement: "I bear solemn testions better spiritual right, the on livclean, ards how to righteous of and and to the that timony the world 89th Sectemporal of welfare our quorum and its ing. reyield to weakness, shows To tion of the Doctrine is a Covenants andmembers. fuse exhibits courage. be polite, To revelation that from and MormonGod

Notice courageous, and strong in the midst of ism is true."

Tt is pertinent to ask if the quorum temptation is to be socially "O. K."in

all gatherings of decent men and womon the Quorums Move reported above only made a spurt and social gatherings If there are where campaign is not dead. All over HPhe lapsed to itsthen condition. former In en.

answer, we present some figures taken this is not the case they should be the Church the quorums are more from its fourth quarter report made last shunned. No good can come out of active than ever in effort to win their

January, covering three wards: them. addict members to abstinence. But a

impression wrong not given. must be its Its Prayer Answer and enrollment thir- A one hundred was percentage of addicts The most amongtytwo. 11, 1933, Delbert August Barney (\n of is the small, is quorums very and

visits -, of the number presiThe by at the Boulder on was work Dam. gradually getting smaller, the to thanks todency members one hundred. was it this safe, gigantic structure make To is of that persuasion""campaign perof active in number the The members to necessary about one hundred go was sistently effectively being carried and oneChurch nineteen. hundred was feet that seventyfive so bedrock below in the on quorums. of numbers The members paid who could the reinforced concrete be a by all the the over during And Churchtithing in 1941 nineone hundred was solid foundation. the rock day menOn I. closing the year A. M. now MenMteen. full these ninetyone paid Of he, other tioned twentyfour with men, Gleaners'for life"campaign "clean atithing. the quarter During ninetyeight all one, except used of tobacco whom diligently has carried on. beenattended sacrament meetings and coffee) working used (and he were Priesthood Aaronic The quorumseightyseven the kept of WisWord pit, in the the part of deep one down fully alive have been the during yeardom. social held quorum One and was temperature of about one which was to efforts in to so motivate May, May sixthe from members "away quorum fifteen degrees. thirty hundred Every their that will they members never tamalljurisdiction"contacted. were The minutes with water around a went boy liquor per or with tobacco. thirteenpresidency held council meettablets. ice salt cold water and The to familiar Yes, expression, use a "weings during quarter. the ice of cold the having purpose water are places."going now has do."done man "What man drink too the may so not would was men

Let no one be discouraged. much, and the salt was to replace the Byrd Bans Sale of

salt that passed through the pores by Cigarettes on U. M. Campus

perspiration.

these twentyfive of Everyone NO LIQUORTOBACCO men T*""*TnderD. C,thisEveningheadingStarthe Washington,recently said thorough passed a had physical examCOLUMN ination; but before noon two of them that President H. C. Byrd of the Unihad been overcome with the heat and versity of Maryland declared: "I

for twentyfive years and men 1:45 trained the hospital. to taken out ByTo Be Socially O. K. were

to take longer it used much I know how the heat p. m. all been had overcome by

TThere smokers into shape me to get as comto except one Barney and who turned pared to nonsmokers. as I A the Churchare few,unacquaintedif any, memberswith theof So long since the minutes said: "Six water boy

fact that the Church stands for total has gone and nine more until he will be am president there will be no cigarettes abstinence. Science, experience, and around again. Do you think I can make sold on the Maryland campus."-—Courdivine revelation (D. & C, Sec. 89) it?"He had scarcely uttered these tesy of 1st Lt. Joel H. Bowen, Q. M. C.

are in saying in agreement fell and was None to Sparetobacco for man. are not good liquorWhyand carriedwords whenout. he fainted and

then are smoking and drinking so comPresident Charles W. Eliot of

mon among us? The answer generally Barney writes: 1 Harvard University once in talking

can be ascribed to the influence of enAbout 2:00 p. m.—I was the only one to the freshman class at Harvard onvironment. of the twentyfive left—I suddenly started the subject of tobacco gave this adThere are many social occasions to get weak and pale; I raised my right dress:

vision gone. before had and hand me my I etc.,parties, dinners, gatherings, dances, freshman, to dear want you "My

I instant the thought Prophet of At this eviin in are thatwhere liquor detobacco and form tobacco remember any in grove. the Being sacred Smith

is stroys the braindence. not only to have and you The nonuser none I the vocally reminding inJosephalone Lord prayed

vited but even urged to partake. The of the promises made in the Word of Wisspare.environment superficially indicates that dom. Among other things I said, "Thou Amen."—Levi Edgar Young.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1942

There is, then, a particular reason why men, women and children Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, July, 1942 should understand this order and

Text: Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith. this authority in the households

of the people of God, and seek to make it what God intended it to

LESSON 21 Discuss: be, a qualification and preparation

of his for the highest exaltation 1. Explain the significance of this declaraWoman's Place in the Church (Pres. children."Joseph F. Smith) tion of to the Relief the Prophet Society:

Read Teachings of the Prophet Joseph "I now turn the key in your behalf in the

Smith, pp. 223229, 8688, 201202, 212, name of the Lord, and this Society shall reLESSON 23

237, 240, 241, 318; Gospel Doctrine, p. 359; joice, and knowledge and intelligence shall Man's Relationship To God

Essentials of Church History, p. 318. flow down from this time henceforth; this is Read Teachings of the Prophet Joseph

1. The husband presides in the family the beginning of better days to the poor Smith, pp. 343355, 369376, 365, 77, 158,

a. Each person to act in the sphere and needy, who shall be made to rejoice 181, 218, 227, 255, 256, 312, 324; D. & C.

allotted to him or her (223) and pour forth blessings on your heads."20:79; 76:24; 93:23, 29; 121:32; Moses 3:5;

(229) 12:9. 6:9; 5:19, 3:2228; Abr. Heb. John to teach entering b. house Elders any

2. that the gospel Show gives a higher first of the the to 1. the master spirit gospel offspring the (D. of Man's God

status for than syswomen any manmade 93:23, 76:24; house (8788) C. 29) &

in the tem world. c. If be then consent, the Eternal a. he message (D. Father God, C. may &

delivered to his wife, children and 20:79; Heb. 12:9) LESSON 22 servants

d. Place in the Church b. looksThe Greatupon theParentwholeof ofthetheuniversehuman If a man forbid his wife, and chilWoman's

dren under age, to receive the gos- (Continued) family with a fatherly care and paelder pel, ternal should use regard no influence (218) to the 4. Administering sick

c. all offspring against them views as His him He a. Criticism raised against sisters layrest responsibility Let C. 76:24) (218; D. upon his & ing the sick hands on (224)

children d. dealings with God's (8788) ( 1 ) head His b. the Propriety blessing of females

influence with Should use no (256) (2) sick, faith, of the prayer the by e. of the of created children to consent contrary Greatness Being who laying of or hands, anointing on

the parents or universe guardians (344) oil (229) to to these relation of true our duty Children a f. Knowledge (3) owe c. better qualified to than do so withWho ordilegal guardians obtained only through God faithful, sisters sympathetic

e. turn to instituted the should as such world be nances before Teachings d. their sanctions labors healGod by

chilto the fathers the of hearts the was (324) ing 2. spirits hearts children intelligences of to the dren, or and Organized e. sin for to that bless anybody No

a. fathers intelligence eternal the and (158 The faith has

kind footnote) should be love and f. Husbands f. as Signs such healing follow should

) their ( to intelligence wives: of not man The 1 all that believe, or whether male

their as love to wives created ought men female

It eternity, themselves existed and from (2) 5. the sustaining Honoring Priestand

to subject will exist husunto should eternity g. be Wives hood

in in will righteouseverything beginning, bands and no (3) Had a. to receive instruction Women ness end (88) have no (353) the through Priesthood (228) all h. in parents Children should obey the Coeternal with Fa- (4) God b. to officers Priesthood the appoint of

things footnote) ther and (353 Society 2. the of Relief b. female SoOrganization intelligences"begotor "Organized c. right to has found no woman ReliefA spirit ciety children ten of Father the or organize church a (212) a. 17, 1842 (Essen'Organized (Abr. March 3:2223) d. should She not rebuke accuse nor

tials ) History, p. ( intelligences Church orof that were 318)—The 1 the brethren

the in First of organization before ganized the women world was e. for confiShould pray place and history records far as world, so "that stood those among (2) God in her dence husband God whom aid b. of the Purpose spirits"were Society—to has appointed to her honor (226) sick, exercise charity poor, nurse children created All the of (3) men f. sustain faith Should with and

c. this practice to Principles of society spiritually in (Moses heaven prayers at has placed head men God iniholiness out purge and (259) 3:5) the lead of to His Church people quity in also the with (201) beginning (4) Man 6. Eternal for faithful blessings women the d. select virtuous of society and is Spirit that Father, the which A a. if Females, pure innocent, and can circumspect holy and (202) 93:23, (D. C. 29) & into the of presence come God 3. to Society the Relief counsel Prophet's 3. of C. council (D. grand heaven The & If b. live they gospel, the great how of a. particular to character as Be 121:32; 3:2328) Abr. glorious their and in cereward the members intelli- (240) a. of the in stood midst God lestial kingdom feelto for females b. have Natural that gences organized were c. restrained Angels cannot be from of benevolence ings charity and first Spirits b. eternal. orthe are At their being associates

to those c. according act now all in May ganization were heaven we d. Faithful participate in the women sympathies Godgiven (226) present, the chosen Savior and saw blessings of the endowment (237) to d. to act according members Teach salof the and plan appointed and e. eterCo-partners with for husbands will the of God; it vation sanctioned and made, we blessings nal

selffeeling of to temptation Avoid (181) righteousness (241) Discuss: c. The Father called all spirits before

e. Beware of excessive zeal (237) 1. Derive and point out the divine purHim at the creation of man, and

f. Put a double watch over the tongue pose in the order of patriarchal govorganized them (158)

g. Influence husbands by mildness, ernment from the following questions: d. Every man who has a calling to

meekness, love and purity, not by (a) "The order of God's government, minister was ordained in the Grand contention and contradiction (227) both in time and eternity, is patriCouncil of heaven before this world h. These qualities will magnify you in archal; that is, it is a fatherly govwas (365)

eyes of all good men ernment. Each father who is e. The head God called together the

i. When mind is borne down with raised from the dead and made a gods and sat in grand council to

trouble, perplexity and despair, it partaker of the celestial glory in bring forth the world (348) needs a solace of affection and kindin its fulness, will hold lawful jur- f. Devised a plan to create the world

ness (228) isdiction over his own children, and people it (349) j. Don't envy the finery and fleeting and over all the families which 4. Man created in the image of God

show of sinners sprang from them to all genera- a. The Father has a resurrected body

k. Confine your labors and administions, for ever and ever."(Parley of his own (312)

trations to those of your own ac- P. Pratt) b. He hath some day laid down His

quaintance (b) "The patriarchal order is of dilife and taken it again, as did the 1. Do not indulge too much in the vine origin, and will continue Son (346; John 5:19)

gift of tongues (229) throughout time and eternity. (Concluded on page 401)

HaronicTriesthood

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD (pJwsmix, QoinA, OnsL JtiindtecL (pAawL

Twent i)-seventh in a series of articles written by the late Elder Orson F. Whitney

of the Council of the Twelve. Published "Hhoenix stake and ward leaders are rejoicing over their accomplishments in

originally in "The Contributor."* qualifying all Aaronic Priesthood quorums for the Standard Quorum Award

for 1941. the or lease made The deed use of by to his inWard bishoprics and their well organized ward committees have experienced in securingbishop the member heritance was in this form: new joys and lasting happiness as a result of their united efforts in keeping

boys active and happy in their Priesthood responsibilities.

BE IT KNOWN, THAT I, Edward The Aaronic Priesthood Standard Quorum Award program is practical, and statePartridge county, and of Jackson of is in thlives its effectiveness demonstrating the of young men throughout the of Christ,Missouri, bishop of Church have Church. awards and thirtyone to date Nine hundred been approved by toorganized according established law, and

by the revelations of the Lord, on the 6th the Presiding Bishopric for the year 1941.

day of April, 1830, have leased, and by these presents do lease unto Titus Billings of The teachers and deaJackson county, and state of Missouri, a cons of the Bern and member of said Church, the following deMontpelier Fourth Wards, scribed piece or parcel of land, being a part shownMontpelierdisplayingStake, theare of section No. three township No. fortyAaronic Priesthood Standnine range No. thirtytwo situated in Jackard Quorum Awards preson county, and state of Missouri, and is sentedtheir Priesthoodin recognitionactivitiesofbounded as follows, viz:—beginning eighty during 1941. The presentation made was the by Bishoprods E, corner of Sec, from Sd S. W.

L. Wirthlin Joseph the of sixty rods,thence one hundred N. and

Presiding durBishopric S. E.thence thence rods twentyseven 25 L, ing the Montpelier Stake

one hundred and sixty rods, thence W. quarterly conference held

March 7, 1942. L, to the placetwentyseven beof rods 25

It first the time wasginning, containing twentyseven oneand teachers the deacons and half acres be the same more or less subject of Montpelier Fourth of the teachers andto roads highways. and And also have Wardthe Bern had reWard theloaned following described property, ceived this recognition.

articles of furniture of Bern, deacons Theviz:—Sundry

however, the earned have fiftyfive dollars twentyfive cents,—alsovalued for years. four To beds, clothing bedding andtwo valued awardqualify again during 1942

seventythree dollars twentyseven cents, will entitle this quorum fifth the year bluealso ribbon award.

Joseph Bishopone dollars,—alsosundry farmingone utensilshorse, twovaluedcows,fortytwo to

calves and two wagons valued one hundred Wirthlin, Stake PresidentL.

L. Silas CounWright and

selor are Lorenzo SwensonTOand fortysevenHOLD the dollarsabove describedTO HAVEproperty,AND in seated the front row by him the said Titus Billings to be used each photograph, and Elin

S. Burgoyne, chairmer to as andand occupied meet him shall seem

stake Aaronic of the forproper. the as use man a consideration And Priesthood committee,

of the above described property, I the said first from left on theis bishoprow. back Ward the Billings bindTitus myself do to pay

advisers rics quorum andtaxes, the said yearly and also unto to pay their are with shown

Edward Partridge bishop of said Church, spective quorums. reor his successor in office, for the benefit of

said Church, all that I shall make or accumulate more than is needful for the support and comfort of myself and family.

And it is agreed by the parties, that this lease and loan shall be binding during the life of the said Titus Billings unless he transgress, and is not deemed worthy by the authority of the Church, according to its laws, to belong to the Church. And in that

case I the said Titus Billings do acknowledge that I forfeit all claim to the above described leased and loaned property, and hereby bind myself to give back the lease, and also pay an equivalent for the loaned, for the benefit of said Church, unto the said Edward Partridge bishop of said Church; or his successor in office. And further, in case of

said Titus Billings or family's inability in consequence of infirmity or old age, to provide for themselves while members of this

Church, I the said Edward Partridge bishop AARONIC PRIESTHOOD BANQUET, MT. PLEASANT SOUTH WARD, NORTH SANPETE STAKE

of said Church, do bind myself to adminBishop J. Seymour Jensen and Counselors H. G. Ericksen and Calvin Christensen furnished the Aaronic

of their in appreciation Priesthood ward support a delightful for past banquet and to launch a determined drive to have percent one hundred Standard Awards for 1942. Quorummyister handsto theirappropriatednecessities outfor ofthatanypurpose,fund in activities: Bishop reporting Jensen in following the Priesthood Aaronic comments made

not otherwise disposed of, to the satisfac- "The boys are responding very well to their duties of ward teaching, taking care of the sacrament and tion of the Church. And further, in case of gathering"Eachfastquorumofferings.is also working on a welfare project this year.

{Continued on following page) "We hope to qualify all quorums for the Standard Quorum Award."

tensing.THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER. CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF

Adult Aaronic Priesthood Members Over 21 of Tooele WARD TEACHERS

Fifth Ward Active in if Spirit, in the strong him with be let him take among you any man in that that that all meekness, he be edified is weak, Ward Teaching *A NDhim he may may

Tt is reported that in many instances become strong also.

-* some very effective ward teaching Therefore, take with you those who are ordained unto the lesser priesthas been done by the brethren of the hood (D. &C. 84:106, 107)

Aaronic Priesthood over twentyone years of age. A communication from Suggestions For Ward Teachers

Lafayette Orme, chairman of the

Tooele Stake adult Aaronic Priesthood Teachers should be actively interested in their people. They should

committee, brings to light a specific exvisit them in times of illness and death. They should be aware of the spirample. itual, physical, and temporal status of their people to such an extent that

Through the faithful and untiring efdistress and want may be reported at once, and appropriate assistance to forts of William Jordan and Bert the worthy be provided without delay.

Stephens, in charge of the work in the In keeping with the duties assigned to teachers by revelations, it is

Tooele Fifth Ward, and acting under highly appropriate, where making a formal visit, to ask each member of the the direction of Bishop W. Bevan Anfamily questions containing the following import:

derson and counselors, nine of the adult brethren are actively engaged in the 1. Are you in harmony

Priesthood assignment of ward teach- a. With your neighbors and associates?

ing. Brother Orme reports that these b. With ward, stake, and General Authorities of the Church?

brethren are enthusiastic in filling this 2. Are you attending to your Church duties

a member a. As is being assignment, and that much good fasting paying fast offering, meeting, Attending and once each month

efforts. their through accomplished He tithing, patricipating functions? social in and paying ward

reports the full support of the ward b. As an officer

bishopric in this activity, which is so Setting proper example, attending council meetings, etc.?

essential to the success of this program. 3. Are you attending to secret and family prayers?

The Presiding Bishopric recommend the use of these older brethren of the

Aaronic Priesthood in ward teaching wherever possible and advisable. It

would be well for them to be assigned this responsibility with a more experiSUSTAINING CHURCH AUTHORITIES enced member of the Melchizedek

Authorities the early of the General were days the Church and members first. N atPriesthood instances In many

bitterest ill treatment, for persecution it criticism. This targets the and after that has been found a short I

assignment with a more experienced however, came, for the most part, from those not of the Church. For strength

companion, these brethren take hold of against these attacks the Latterday Saints became united as one man in their the work in a most commendable manefforts for preservation and liberty. They sought and followed the counsel

ner. of the leaders of the Church whom they sustained as the chosen oracles of

God. Out of these tribulations the mighty strength of the Church was

Aaronic Priesthood developed.

and. face today, to is again however, with criticism face Church The preceding (Continued page) from

all finding. fault time, are they harmful This and however, the more

the of the said Billings Titus death his wife in since, great within cases they those a from come many at the being of unbecoming, timeor widow, a member said Church, has claim upon the above the Church. This is sad indeed. The most pitiful thing is that this critical

described leased and loaned property, upon attitude on the part of members of the Church is as a millwheel slowly precisely the same conditions that her said grinding away their testimonies of the truth.

them, described;husband as above had and that the or destroy Church. can disrupt There is no power on earth

the saidthe children of Billings Titus in It is fulfil its satisdestiny. ultimate great God's work, and it will What a ofcase the their parents, of death both

also have claim upon the above described faction it is to unreservedly sustain and uphold those called to direct the property, for their support, until they shall onward progress of this sacred institution. How noble to pray ever humbly

become of age, and no longer; subject to the before the Lord for the inspiration and guidance of His leaders. How

same conditions yearly that their parents admirable to follow their counsel and thus demonstrate our devotion and were: provided however, the should parloyalty to the Most High, and our worthiness to be Latterday Saints.

ents not of said in be members Church, and possession of the above described property The policies, decisions, and counsels of the leaders of the Church are at the time of their deaths, the claim of the inspired. The mind and will of the Lord is given through His chosen servants.

children as above described, is null and void. Time has vindicated their judgments, and demonstrated beyond all doubt

IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, WE that what the Lord gives through our leaders is for our blessing and exaltahave hereunto set our hands and seals this tion. We stand in our own light when we assume to set aside the counsels

day of in the year of of God thus given for our guidance.

our Lord, one thousand eight hundred and

Let there be unity and full support coming from Church membership.thirty

IN PRESENCE OF God is guiding His leaders; the wise and prudent will follow their counsel.

(To be continued)...

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1942

MESSENGER TO THE CHURCH (Continued from page 377) did not concern himself with any other the South Davis Stake. Brother Sessubscriptions but only those subscripsions, a very fine Church worker, and

Ward and stake workers generally actions for soldier boys. He went about an exceptional leader, accepted this job

cepted the responsibility of seeing that the stake in a very systematic way, as a missionary calling. He put forth

soldier boys receive the Era. Some having had in advance the names of all every effort in order to do this work to

stakes conducted very systematic camthe boys in the training camps, and sugthe very best of his ability. The results

paigns. One which was brought most gested to individuals whom he felt could speak for themselves. Every boy in

forcibly to our attention and which perafford it to give a gift subscription to a the service from that stake has an Era, haps was as effective as any was the boy in the service. He tells us that he and many of the contributors were noncampaign conducted in the South Davis met with enthusiastic response and that members of the Church.

Stake. That stake appointed an Era many individuals in the stake gave two A great many striking ideas were deworker to handle "Service"subscripor three subscriptions each, and before veloped by stake and ward workers

tions only. Brother Alvin Sessions was his work was finished he had an Era this year in order to give enthusiasm

selected to do this particular job. He going to every boy in the service from and interest to the campaign. The

Denver Stake under the direction of Brother Clement E. Walters had a

very attractive display. The Rigby

Stake under the direction of Brother C.

}. Call developed displays which were

taken from ward to ward. The Inglewood Stake sponsored treasure hunts.

Many other ideas were advanced; parties, dances, etc., were given to add

stimulus and interest to the campaign effort.

The Era activity this year has been the most interesting in the history of the magazine. Almost every conceivable record has been broken, and when

the final curtain was rung down we found ourselves more than ten thousand subscriptions ahead of the same period last year which was the biggest previous year in Era history. One hundred

and nine stakes and missions out of a possible one hundred fiftytwo had gone "over the top"with a full quota. One

thousand two hundred and thirtysix wards and mission branches had secured a full quota which was an increase of one hundred sixtynine over the same date last year, and for the

May issue sixtyfive thousand copies of the Era will be sent to subscribers throughout the Church. This is the record of the 194142 Era year, a record

which is made possible only by the devotion and loyalty of a large field of conscientious Era workers Era workers who have accepted the task willingly and in humility have given their very best efforts in order to spread the gospel message through the pages of The

Improvement Era.

PERCENT OF QUOTA

Leah I. Cardon, Ethel Evans, Y. GROUP "A"

I. A. M. A. W. Y. M. I. W. Percent Stake Stake Percent "Era"director (no president

..385.1 22..132.1 SEATTLE avail- (no photo available). photo

. 2. So..242.9 23. Arizona 1. JUAREZ.129.4 able).

. 3..224.7 24. Young.128.2 PHOENIX.

4. UNION.183.1 25. Weiser....126.3

5. WASHING26. Nampa.,..123.9'

TON.173. 27. Nevada...119.7

6. SAN JUAN.169.3 28. Cassia...118.9

7..168. 29. Kanab "A,"DIEGO SAN OF.118.4 QUOTA GROUP PERCENTAGE

. S. Luis LETH30. San.118.3

of M. Y. M. superintendent Bean, Brown; Stanford Alexander SEATTLE....168. Bear Lake STAKE—President BRIDGE 31..117.1

I. Director. I. I. Seal, L. A.; president Tucker, "Era"Mabel C. of Y. Y. A. and M. A.; M. M. W. 9. Minidoka BER32. SAN.116.3

. I. A. Jr., Montpelier.166.9 Claudious Claudious M. M. 33. Y. Bowman, Bowman; NARDINO.115.5 JUAREZ

I. I. A. R. Clark, president; STAKE—PresidentElla Malad superintendent; M. Farnsworth, 34. R. 10. M. Y. A. Y. Bryant M. SAN FRAN.114.3 W.

.... I. director; St..162.3 Joseph director. Lunt and CISCO 35. Hatch, Marza Y..113.4 "Era"A. "Era"M. W.

.. Portneuf.158.4 36. 11..113.4 superin- A. Price; Robert J. Broberg, E. Y. M. M. W. PHOENIX STAKE—President

... Gridley Long Beach.153. 12. 37..110.1 I. I. "Era"Peterson, president Ethel L. tendent; of L. A. Driggs, M.I. Y. R. and A.; M. Y. M. W.

... Taylor.147.2 Duchesne 38. 13..109.2 director.

... Portland.145.4 14. Bannock 39..108.5

M. superintendent, Westenskow, Melvin Y. Bean; President A. M. George UNION 144.4 15. 40..108. STAKE—

I. I. I. A. A.; of Clifford M. president Westenskow, A.; Ellsworth, M. Marjorie M. Y. Y. W. Mt. Graham.142.5.107.9 16. 41.

I. director. director; A. Stoddard, "Era""Era". and Ruth. Y. M...... W. Shelley Teton.142.1 17. 42..107.6

... I. Chicago Idaho.139.8 A. 18. 43..105.7 Benson; Haslam, George T. M. M. Y. Ezra WASHINGTON STAKE—President

So..104.5- 44. Summit Wylie available); 19..137.3 president photo released; superintendent, (no Leah I. A. M. W.

.. I. director 45. 20...136.3 Summit I. New York.103.7 A. Goodsell, "Era"Ethel D. A. "EraI. Cardon,"director;Y. Evans Y. and M. M. M. Y. W.

,.. Lehi 21. Sacramento 46..132.7.103.2 available). photo (no

...

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1942

MESSENGER TO THE CHURCH

Stake Percent Stake Percent 47. Twin Falls.103.1 59. Gunnison.. 62.2

48. Raft River.102.9 60. Moon Lake. 58.3

49. Morgan...102.7 61. So. Sevier. 57.6

50. St. Johns. 90.6 62. Moroni... 54.8

51. Lyman.. 89. 63. Garfield... 50.

52. Timpanogos. 86.1 64. Santaquin53. Smithfield. 78.7 Tintic... 48.2

54. Roosevelt. 77.9 65. Juab 47.5

55. Zioti Park. 70.7 66. Panguitch 47.4

.. Woodruff56. No. 70.1 67. Sevier 42.2

...57. Beaver 68. Wayne. 64.S 44.7

58. Lost River. 62.6

GROUP "B"

Mission Percent Mission Percent 1. EASTERN 4. New England.104.9

STATES 379. 5. Texas 100.3

2. No. Cent. Sts. 275.6 6. Central States. 98.

3. Canadian....177.6 7. Western States 84.6

PERCENT OF QUOTA

GROUP "B"

Stake Percent Stake Percent 1. SO. LOS 35. Deseret.108.8

ANGELES...415.5 36. Nebo.108.8

2. INGLEWOOD 259.5 37. Blaine.108.6

3. SAN FER38. Highland...108.

NANDO 4. BIG HORN.... 166.4209.6 39.40. UintahAlberta...107.2,.106.5

5. BLACKFOOT 156.2 41. Alpine.105.5

6. SNOWFLAKE 153.6 42. Provo.103.8

7. SALT LAKE. 152.9 43. So. Salt Lake 102.9

8. OGDEN 149.7 44. Cottonwood. 102.8

9. LOS 45. Utah... 102.7

ANGELES. 139. 46. Box Elder 102.4

10. PASADENA. 135.7 47. Liberty. 101.7

11. Oakland 134.9 48. Granite.. 101.6

12. West Jordan. 134.8 49. Yellowstone 101.5

13. No. Idaho 50. Logan... 101.5

Falls 51. 128.8 Wasatch. 101.3

. Valley14. Star 52. 127.9 Hyrum 94.8

..15. Mt. Ogden St. 123.2 George.. 53. 91.9

16. Maricopa 120.9 54. Tooele.. 86.6

17. Rexburg... 119.6 55. No. Weber 84.

18. Oneida 117.5 56. East Jordan 82.2

19. Burley 115.4 57. Bear River 74.3

20. Pocatello... 115.2 58. Sharon.. 71.1

21. Benson 114.2 59. Big Cot22. No. Davis.. 114. tonwood 68.1

23. So. Davis.. 113.8 60. Kolob... 67.4

24. Weber 113.7 61. So. Sanpete 65.6

25. Rigby 113.4 62. Parowan.. 64.

26. Bonneville.. 113.3 63. Millard 63.8

27. Wells 113.2 64. Oahu. 61.5

28. Emigration. 113.1 65. Carbon 58.5

29. Cache 112.9 66. Emery. 58.2

30. Riverside 111.9 67. Oquirrh 57.8

31. Ensign 110.4 68. Palmyra 56.

32. Idaho Falls. 110.4 69. No. Sanpete. 48.9

33. Grant 110.1 70. Pioneer 48.6

34. Franklin... 110.

GROUP "B"Mission Percent Mission Percent ISii *V?

1. 4. Northwestern.487.4 NO. STATES.120.9 GROUP "A,"NUMBER OF SUBSCRIPTIONS2. 5. Southern States 293.8 East Central

3. California...144.5 States 73.8 LETHBRIDGE STAKE—President Asael E. Palmer; Reed E. Ellison, Y. M. M. I. A. superintendent, and acting "Era"director; and Caroline L. Pitcher, president of Y. W. M. I. A.,

and "Era"director.

President Barnes; Douglas Goldwin C. Cluff, superintendent, M. Y. BEACH LONG Hinckley,STAKE—president of M. I. A.; Rhoda Y. A.; and Ruth Ballantyne Lindquist, Y. W. M. I. W.

I. A.

Melchizedek Priesthood M. superintendent L. Allen, of President M. T. George Y. John Wood; TAYLOR

president Floretta A.; of M. I. "Era""Era"STAKE—director.A. Walton, A. E. Wilde, Donald M. I. A.; Y. M. M. I. Y. W.

(Continued from page 397) director; and Emma H. Dahl, Y. W. M. I. A. "Era"director.

SAN FRANCISCO STAKE—President Howard S. McDonald; I. LeRoy W. Lambert, Y. M.

M. I. A. superintendent; Ruth Martin, Y. W. M. I. A. president; and Gwen Millet, Y. W. M. I. A.

c. Jesus treads in the tracks of His "Era"director.

President SHELLEY father (348)

Y. M. M. I. A. LouieSTAKE—Millar. Y. W. M.J. I. BerkeleyA. president,Larsen;and Vernard"Era"director;Huntsman,and LaVernsuperintendent,Harker,

d. God himself was once as we are Y. W. M. I. A. "Era"director.

now, and is an exalted man (345, spirit into it, and it became a living Eternal Father throughout the eons past.

e. A man in bodily form, and once soul (352) Jesus Christ was the firstborn."(Vitality

dwelt on an earth (346) of Movmonism, p. 242)

in the created very: f. Adam fashion, Discuss the attended Grand Council in 2. Who

of likeness image and God (345) according to Prophet? the

1. Justify from scripture these statements: heaven,

g. "In the image of his own body, male "The spirits of mankind are the offspring 3. Quote statements to show that the

and female, created he them"of God.... God the Eternal Father is the bodies of Adam and Eve were created in

(Moses 6:9) actual and literal Parent of Spirits.... the exact image of the body of the Father

h. God made a tabernacle and put a Of all the spirit children begotten of the and the Son.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1942

and its blessings, and so for the faithful end to the other. Every word of this

fulfilled, and even thenGenealogy waywho ishaveopenlivedand anandopportunityall who nowis givenlive, toa prophecymore, forhasBrotherbeen Woodruff forever. loved ones united our with be the into I look "Yes, and as (Concluded from page 378) before us cannot added: gone have Those who

I see valley, can this great future of us, neither perfect without happiness gain of this remarkable building, and also can we be perfect without them, and this beautiful temples erected to the name of the others which have been built and great and noble work is essential to make of the Living God, where holy labors used by the Church. The usual answer sure our mutual exaltation and everlasting may be carried on in His name for

to their question is, in brief: joy. generations to come."

In the early days of this part of Idaho This divine prediction is now also that as of a certainty people know We sagethe with land majestic covered stands fulfilled was when temple and the direct authority given heaven, from havewe far as Brunt, could as the see, Aposeye Sister A. the river. Joseph by to the temples Priesthood buildthrough and brush

perform ordinances in them which will tles Wilford Woodruff and Heber J. one of the pioneers, residing now withstand throughout eternity. We also know Grant representing the First Presidency in a block of the new temple, at one

that love in the home and family ties which visited the much discouraged Saints time wrote the following inspired lines have increased for a lifetime should not be, who had settled here, and admonished and were not intended for this life only, them to remain on their homesteads, The winding river rushing on to the sea, divine plan has been wise and soand a will be, that the mirror would promising them the day pause Will by temple,—a to ininstituted other perpetuate them, words, forth soil this yield would when its come course can nothing long through And earth thatto bind they be them on may

in its strength, flowers that and and compare this in heaven. only not doesbound And

concern living but also our dear ancestors trees, fine homes, schools, and meetingWith the temple's reflection that is pictured who endured much that we might enjoy life houses would adorn the land from one there.

struments. Maurine won first place in

soprano throughout her high school, first Bill in in flute, Betty Ruth winning WMjuloL WjL&Actq&A, in baritone Jr., saxaphone, and Clinton,

Mrs. In Luke and Mutual Mr.

efficiently a secretary the horn. does Where Interest Special the of are members job, the intervene, executives not need Bill is an a Gleaner, Maurine

is delay, but neglect there or the where Betty counselor, activity and SiSfiCutiVGs Man class.M it this that executive see to immust Explorer, Clinton, an Jr. Junior, a Ruth

is record portant the of properChurch Preston, Scout, and a Lou Boy Emma J. ly made. FAIL TO REPORTDO NOT Girl. a BeeHive

'"Phere is one more monthly report, NOTABLE ACHIEVEMENT (Concluded on page 412)

A that of May, which should be in HPhe Twin Falls Stake is proud of a the general offices by June 15th. It is unique double mixed quartet coman important report because it requires prising members of one family, each

among other things a statement on member representing a different departwhether the wards are completely orment in M. I. A. They thrilled the

ganized. congregation at our recent M. I. A.

A. CHECKEARL time, report the annual the same At quarterly conference evening Sunday JR., ETTS, WINNER is It in. sentshould prepared and be PRIZE OF SECOND their service rendition of with "The

IN M. in, THE this that necessaryextremely come is Cutler of Glory."King Carolyn I.PRO-A. the SCOUT THEME time. included andwith every on ward CONTEST JECT accompanist.

this will stakes are sureFrom some we family very Luke have been The ac- (SEEPAGEAPRIL219)"ERA,"course. ofarrive work as a matter The tive affairs in civic both and Church

has been organized on that basis. Other in this community. Mr. Luke has taught

stakes have a tradition of tardiness in music in the high schools for a number this respect and still others let the year of years past, and is now in the morgo by without their record being made tuary business at Twin Falls. Mrs.

a part of the history of the Church. Luke is a piano instructor. All sing

This is a rather heavy responsibility to and play the piano as well as band incarry.

From a bulletin of the Sacramento

Stake, we take the following two paragraphs:

As you already know the secretaries have one of the most important jobs in any organization. They act in three capacities:

statistician, historian, and private secretary.

They perform four functons: gathering, organizing, preserving, and publishing.

The first three they have been performing THE LUKE FAMILY, all year. Now it is their opportunity and STALWARTS OF

the fourth. to It is the climax performduty

all other functions the should M. I. A. whichtoward

build. If it is not performed, all the other

functions have been performed in vain and the time and effort given to them have been in part at least wasted. Neglect of this

important function is the cause of so many secretaries feeling that they and their work are unimportant and unappreciated.

To this we might add that these duties are not those of the secretary alone.

WESTWARD AMERICA (Continued from page 369) What does America mean? Well,

For its historical renaissance in a colorful and vital part of its meanin of the story the ing Pony is found the years, naor twelve tenthe past.,... trail. the Express Oregon to a indebtedtion reason to be has

... Indians, the Pioneers Mormon in of vision, leaders of andhandful

stagecoach prospectors, cowboys, efforts, unceasingparticular to the.. the drivers, soldiers. death on in this faith enduringpatience, and

..... plains. untold starvation Driggs. R. His ofwork Howard

.. sacrifices throbbing. the whole of leadership, a lifetime anddynamic

pioneering to make our youth value pageant of the West. The lad back

their freedom go back to his own in Pleasant Grove and West Jordan youth. At the age of ten Howard heard romantic stories of those epic accounts, many ofRoscoe Driggs had earned enough days—firsthand

money by catching adobes as a mathem, drawn from his parents and son's helper to make his first and most grandparents and anyone else the in cornering. lad But succeeded stirringthrilling book purchase—a tales, the other there boy be must life his for to manythat shape was

... all realized; hear he them must Years to come.years Hundred One

then, of every them one and big the Independence Americanof share after. he heard.. must he them eager called, as the and wasvolume

elselad read it, sprawled before the firethem with everybody. How

side in a small Utah town, he was was he going to teach them about filled with a burning desire to unAmerica?

earth countless other true stories And history for the Driggs boy 1"oitHW *"H that went into the making of this meant something that was vital, draland. A half century later, that same matic. If they didn't give it to him

desire still dominating a life crowded that way in school—and the chanceswith activity, the dogeared book were they didn't—he had to dramastill his most cherished possession, tize it for himself and his young

he was to stand before a large gathplaymates. The battle of Bunker

ering of devoted friends from his Hill, the Civil War, the Indian wars home state in New York's Waldorfwere all too vividly reenacted by

Astoria hotel and receive the greatyoung Howard and his patriot dote on my T&tttfZy/Mest tribute they could give him—the friends in the nearest corner lot. Un- "They

Achievement Award of the Utah wittingly he was laying the foundaClub of New York. tion for a means of teaching history ONEEGG CAKE"

"For distinguished service to Utah which was to prove a far cry from and to the West"the citation on the the dull, orthodox fashion of his "They never say 'no'to my Thrifty Al award reads tersely, but behind those classroom. Cookie Snacks, Meat Pie Ring, Bacon

lifetime ceaseof asimple words lies ideal This natural interest in the subSquares, or my other Al baking dishes. for anless devotion work and

ject, plus an amazing talent for mak- "Here is my recipe for Oneegg Cake. Try it."—"to teach Americans the meaning

live, stories led quite these him it ing teach to them whatof America, c. 1. Sift measure GLOBE FIOUR and "Al"1% field into as logically teaching the flag, in stars and our thecost to put iron. B-vitamins enriched and with two (now effective bringing of the most means

it there!"keep to them meanswhat pouring the the sack note handy you open When the this to close of story America

. tsp. tsps. and spout) powder baking Add 2 Vi Vs

lives his of countrymen. was He sift c. salt, times. three butter 2. (or Cream VS knows Howard"pVERYONE who influenced, as so profoundly many gradually, c. substitute), creaming sugar add?4 his lifelong of Driggs knows his of were, Karl others G. day by beaten, thoroughly. well egg, mixture one Add public to lethargic a withstruggle well. ingredients 3. dry personAlternately magnetic blending add Maeser, whose

put those words across; and everyality proved to him that no matter and milk O/j ft), beating batter after each addialso realizes him knows tsp. in vanilla.one tion. moderate who 4. Bake Add one the that what it was then building—and

desired. as sud- 5. Frost did not deg.) about are whichthose words (350 30 min. in oven Z. the old C. M. I. warehouse

for their significancedenly take on great school can be Provo—any the future simply becauseauthor there. presides a great teacher of when

America became imperiled. Even It was Dr. Maeser, and later George

two decades ago he was declaring H. Brimhall, John R. Park, and Wilthat this present generation of Amerliam M. Stewart, who made young

icans was fast losing touch with their Howard Driggs want to be a teacher, history; we were taking for granted and under the leadership of those

the liberty and comforts we enjoyed masters, he gained a rich experience with no thought of how they had that proved invaluable to him when been won, or by whom, or for what later he himself came to train price. Wake up, he was warning, teachers.

the time will come when we will have to defend this land, and we cannot But even teaching was not enough do it unless we know what America he discovered. He wanted to tell

means'. (Continued on page 404) Say "GLOBE Al"-Save the difference

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1942

WESTWARD AMERICA (Continued from page 403) fires, stories that lived and breathed. Henry Jackson who prepared the

the people the stories of the Pioneers The latest book, his greatest, Westpictures that accompany this dra-... all the stories he could lay his ward America, rolled off the presses matic story.

hands on, so Howard Driggs began in New York a month or so ago to In the book, forty fullpage color to put these tales together in book win instant acclaim from both press reproductions of paintings by Wilthem—thirtyform. He wrotebooksbooks,in thirtymanyyears.of andtant publichistoriesas oneaboutof thethe mostWestimporthat liamstagesH.in Jacksonthe westwardrecapturemigration.various

One by one they came The Pony has been written. It is the culminaThe remarkable feature of the illusExpress Goes Through, Ox Team tion of more than a quartercen- trations is that they have been done

Days, Longhorn Cowboy, Pioneer tury's earnest quest for firsthand by a man who traveled seventyfive

Photographer, Rise of the Lone Star, material; it represents "every spare years ago from the Atlantic to the

Texas Ranger, White Indian Boy, minute I could manage"for more Pacific as "bullwhacker,""muleand many others—books packed than three years in the actual proskinner,"and vaquero on historic

with the romantic lore of the old duction of the volume, and at least trails. Into his artistic conceptions

West, stories told around pitch pine ten years'collaboration with William has gone the enthusiasm of his youth tempered by the experience of his adulthood. Even at ninetynine, for

that is Mr. Jackson's age now, he is

painting vigorous, beautiful landscapes.

During the past ten years, Mr.

Jackson has been recapturing this Victory or Defeat period and his pictures make the story of the Old West vibrate with meaning. Later he photonew JJUA. 1A. WL dlL Out the scenes through which graphed

locale in order of the pointed much JoioL Wml he passed. In recent years he has available this rich history to make

American Industry has the to all Americans.

All of Dr. Driggs'work, mind you,

power to change defeat into Vicwas just what technically would tory. The future is up to us. You be called a "hobby"by most people.

That is, it has to be carried on in cannot escape responsibility. whatever time is left from a very busy

day as head of the Department of

Every manhour, every penny, English Education at New York

University where he enjoys a reputaevery ounce of industrial energy tion as one of the country's leading devoted to any purpose other than educators.terest in history,Consideringthere arehisthosechiefwhoinVictory is an invitation to disaster seem surprised that he has been

and defeat. teachingNot long ago,Englisha newspaperall thesemanyears.from

a large New York syndicate, interThis time it must not be "Too viewing him upon his election as president of the American Pioneer little and too late."Trails Association, raised this point

and asked why the educator was spending his time teaching English.

"The English language is just a system of transportation, Dr. Driggs

to his interviewer, explained "and VICTDHY MUST BE in life is to chief business keep my it from carrying 'empties'... not

only for myself but for my students. now! Each man has a field that interests

him more than another. It so happens that I have chosen to back my

W. H. H. Cranmer, President cart into history. I have tried to turn

English into one basic purpose, trying to save the story of America."NEW PARK MINING COMPANY While Dr. Driggs was doing his Keetley—Utah best in the East to get teachers to

strip the husks off history and teach the living thing, there were others

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1942

Westward America

throughout the nation who felt as subject. There same on thishe did and GIFTS

in scattered many BOOKS of them a fewwere states, people, who like himself, For Weddings, Graduations, Birthdays, Anniversensed the danger that we faced if, saries, Holidays and every other occasion.

as he says, our pioneer spirit lost its force, if Americans, caught in the We are also Official Distributors for BELL & HOWELL swift tempo of the machine age, forFilmo Moving Picture Equipment, Cameras, Projectors, got their traditions and proved inetc.

different to their sources of strength.

full line of Films and Parts for Movie It was inevitable that sooner or later We also carry a these people would join forces and Cameras.

it. about something Thedo story See our wonderful line of Greeting Cards, Fine Gift Staof efforts their modernis a sagaof

day pioneering in a wilderness of tionery, etc.

public indifference. THE BEST EQUIPPED BOOK STORE

Characteristically, Dr. Driggs IN THE INTERMOUNTAIN WEST

has said that it was not his desire merely to write a book that peoplewould read—instead, he said, "It's DESERET BOOK COMPANY

my greatest ambition to write a book 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah that they will reread!"—a book that

will help us to get away from the fallacious practice of portraying pioneers as greybeards. "America,"

he declares, "from Plymouth Rock down was builded by the youth of the country or by men and women [Phenomenal best seller of youthful spirit. The pioneer spirit

is the youthful spirit, regardless of years, and is the spirit that dares,that thinks ahead, that conquers GOSPEL STANDARDSnew problems every moment, every hour."At sixty, whitehaired, by President Heber J. Grant

genial, youthful Howard R. Driggs

will the conquer that Americaknows its third edition!

just as now in challenge forces that it now it has conquered them in the past;

for the conquest of the West de- A book of inspiration and practicality veloped not merely a great expanseof territory, but it also developed 400 pages—$2.25

what is infinitely more precious

American character. An Improvement Era publication

(Available through book dealers everywhere)

The Duncan Flood (Continued from page 366)

the long run, yet the distress was temporarily greatest in the town of Duncan, so we went back to Duncan, heartsick and weary, as we realized the terPROTECTION from ALARM...

rific loss being sustained by our people. Fancied or Real...Awake or Asleep

In the valley around Safford the flood large, the pushed water andwas back -v? Concrete class A steel construction -t? crops the and over damagedfar up

many thousands of dollars worth of Dusk to dawn special uniformed outdoor cotton, but the damage to land and police patrol & All night special indoor homes was relatively less. fire warden service -fr Set apart from

the most probably damagThis was other buildings in our own 22acre park. that flood ever brought hasing the Gila

down since it washed out some 16,000 Most important... you will save money

acres of rich bottom land in the few years of high water in the late 90's and up to about 1905, when whole farms Enjoy better living at the of our people in the Safford area were Los Angeles AMBASSADOR undermined, acre by acre, and converted into a huge sandy river bottom. In

(Continued on page 406) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1942

THE DUNCAN FLOOD THE ADVERTISERS (Continued from page 405) the Welfare organization urging us to and Where You Will Find those days it was said that the river was handlegencies.the situation and meet the emerTheir Messages so tortuous that a farmer would be Collaborating with the farm security

on one side of the river one day and representative and others who knew

Alexandria Hotel 410 wake up the next morning to find himwell the damage, the total loss was

American Asphalt Roof Corporaself on the other side of the river. roughly estimated at seventysix pertion 358 Thursday came. With another cent loss of crops, while some farms

Arden Sunfreze Dairy Products..390 car full of Welfare food and supplies were estimated at one hundred percent

Beneficial Life Insurance Com- I drove up to Duncan again. I met loss.

pany Back Cover with all the federal and state relief A survey of the needs of our people

Bluhill Cheese... 390 agencies to correlate the program of revealed comparatively little immediate

Borden's Evaporated Milk 387 rehabilitation. One of our boys, the want, but considerable inconvenience

Brigham Young University 410 ward work director, was chairman of and distress. However, some of our

Calavo Growers of California....387 this committee in charge of relief. He brethren who had lost all their feed and

Continental Oil Company 359 told me later that this day there were whose fields were still in deep soggy

Del Monte Hotel 407 two hundred thirtyone people fed at mud were in need of quick relief on there that the but cat- C. C. C. camp, hogs, were the of problem....405 Store Deseret Book

S. folks there, tle, L. our of very few D. at and horses. Duncan feedWeforhavetheir Deseret Press News into Inc., of taken having been them 414 most the Interstate cooper- a Farmers,

Faultless Starch 386 other L. D. S. homes. It seemed that ative mill organized and owned by our

FelsNaptha Soap 362 a large number of the two hundred thirpeople. This mill had suffered a loss

Friskies 394 tyone eating were relief agency peoof about $1000 in grain soaked in the

W. P. Fuller & Co 388 ple from the outside—the town was litbin. We authorized the bishops of the

Glen Brothers Music Co 405 erally swarming with government three wards to draw on that damaged

Globe Grain & Milling 357, 403 agency representatives, Red Cross peograin for feed for the hogs, thus giving

Gospel Standards.....405, 415 ple, state officials, and others trying to relief both to the mill and the farmers.

Greyhound Lines 413 help. The mill was owned by many of those

fifty typhoid Eight vaccines hundred loss. suffered farmers same who H. J. Heinz Company 360

the of Safford chapter from came Red held meeting a evening Thursday was Hall's Canker Remedy 393 to take urged and people our Cross we the with President and by McGrath me. Hillam's Costume Shop 390 Still vaccination. free the of advantage welfare bishopric and Duncan Ward HomeProduced Sug&r 355 utilities. there Bedding no were and a as complete workers, and made we

Hotel Utah 389 line clothing fence. every on and were possible, considering as each survey Press Hovey 406 in out the Mattresses rugs and were in flood the the family ward; much how In the Gospel Net 414 in the sun, furniture sat out upholstered needed; affected them; had they i what Inside KSL Front Cover

still drying, thick yards but was mud to them. might supply and what S. we Business College L. 408 D.

Levi Strauss Co, 392 and dangerous, for outside toilets had

Loma Linda (Breakfast Cup) 394 been washed away, cesspools filled and Yearly Saturday morning our stake

Loma Linda (Ruskets) 393 overflowing, and filthy mud was every- *—'work director brought his truck, and

Hotel..405 Angeles Ambassador Los still being hauled where. it Water was loaded with and clothing, food we C. P. Pectin M. Co thirty miles from Lordsburg some away mattresses piled then the high had we Cover Inside Back

far for too precious drinking, but it was cotton been our with program making...392 Milk Eggs White

Mountain Fuel Supply Co to use for washing or bathing or cleanand took another supply to meet temInside Back Cover ing. Still there was no power or gas porary needs. The clean new dry matNew Park Mining Company 404 for cooking nor electricity for lighting. tresses were much appreciated since

Palace Hotel 358 It was impossible for the people to get most of the mattresses in Duncan homes

Par 389 Soap their into back damp clean muddy to dry. take weeks homes. would New Biscuit Purity 353 Company thick being shoveled fruit, But the towas honey, mud quilts were sent and..391 Rancho Soup

Royal Baking Company 392 out and an effort was being made to matoes, extracts, grapejuice, baking

Safeway Stores, Inc 409 work back to normal as soon as pospowder, flour, beans, other vegetables,

Saltair Beach Corp 389 sible. Since the people had no clean and a quantity of shoes for people who

Standard Brands of California....390 or dry clothing or bedding and could had been wading all week in their wet

393 Products Garden Tea fifth to wash, not with which after get water we ones. Saturday day was the

389 Traveler's Lodge Motor clothing little brighter and gathered up the the flood, a muddy and it became Pacific 353 Stages Union

Utah Engraving Co 410 linen of our members and had them with the reestablishment of the gas

Utah Home Fire Insurance Comcleaned by the laundry at Safford, at connections and light and power and, at pany 411 the expense of the program. This last, water with which to wash and

Utah Oil Refining Company 415 helped much to build morale, and scores bathe and clean their homes.

358 Chemical Wasatch linings""silver families to see acof congressional to began Hoping get some....356 Oil Wasatch tion of in the a repetition prevention

Stauffer..413 Reynolds, and Wheeler,

this to set there a little catastrophe, found been had of about we again.We 411 Teachers Yergensen Agency

criticism from outside that our people use the wide publicity the flood was did not all eat at the C. C. C. camp, given as a wedge to get government

temporary cafeteria, with the others. agencies to build floodcontrol dams on

We explained that we were happy not the upper Gila. We urged chambers

to to that organizations, business so of have and commerce, proud do wePRINTING thisSPECIAL! (With ad) municipalities clubs, care take service so situated could men, were and we $2.50 6x9 Handbills,

in 3.50 entire that of the of the region learned watershed the our own. 5001M thatWe ""8.505M retheir to also to get pooled telegrams Methodist send group to Washington

Tickets, Programs and other prices Special on their at solons sources the cooked meals under program and way. own Our for Organizations. printing Church

their church for their members. there wired back assurance that surveys

telethat being In the received afternoon us hope were a made and gave we25 EastHOVEYNorth Temple—SaltPRESSLake—Phone 3-0276

call given. protection eventually of from Elder B. phone Harold Lee may be

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1942 rr The Duncan Floodnoo.. so we went to

President Mitchell, my counselor, was in Salt Lake to general conference and wired us as follows: Del Monte for a Brother Lee and Arizona Stake Presidents

anxious to aid in Hood disaster. Desire that

Welfare Plan function properly now. Spe

cial meeting called for Sunday morning eight o'clock where I am to report definite real vacation!

need. Please wire needs as far as they have

been determined. Harold.

To this we replied:

President J. Harold Mitchell

c/o President Harold B. Lee

Church Welfare Office I told my family: "See here St. 10 Main Salt Lake City, Utah—this year we're going to be

smart. Long motor trips are out. Gila flood receded. Reoccupation of many

homes with utilities available probably MonHopping from resort to resort is day. Most Duncan town people evacuated out. We're going to let the other

sustaining varying losses foodstuffs, of furfellow do the work and spend all nishings, merchandise, and some condemned stores and dwellings. Red Cross and other our time playing or resting. We're

Relief Agencies active but most of our peogoing to take the train to Del ple housed and fed by Franklin and other during Duncan members emergency. We Monte and enjoy a real oldfash-

have sent ample foodstuffs, clothing, bedioned vacation for a change!"

ding, mattresses for emergency needs from interstake storehouse. Farmers in Virden, Then I told them why I'd picked

Franklin, Duncan wards have comparatively Del Monte...

little loss to homes and contents but severe damage to lands, crops, fencing, machinery officially estimated 76% with 21 farms estimated 100% however some our people above water undamaged. Farm security

pledged rehabilitation loans to farmers and extension of present obligations. People

courageous and cheerful. Believe we have

situation fully in hand and need no assistance immediately from region or Church.

Giving personal attention to problems. Letter en route to President Lee with complete

report. Thank everybody for interest shown,

regards.

Spencer Kimball ]. Vernon McGrath

President McGrath and I spent all day Sunday with our problem. We at 1. Friendly and informal as a country 2. If you like to ride, a hundred scenic

tended the all meetings club, of Del three offers a wards Monte more vacacomplete miles bridle of through forests paths—and

all trying long day to tion encourage the than any other four resorts combined. along the beach, a beneath Mediterranean sun buildmembers and up. them found Your favorite sport is within We easy diswalking and show to the you way Carmel Missky—spirit, splendida a gratefulness that tance: tennis, swimming, bathing, golf"sun on sion, historic Monterey and Bohemian Carmel.there lives lost were no that and condithe Del Course. Monte other Three courses night, By Del offers Monte dancing in Bali thetions not were than worse they were. (including Pebble are Beach) reached bus. by informal Room, fun in the Tap Room. found bitterness little no and veryWe

discouragement.

Many of our people in these three wards and especially in the Virden

Ward came out of old Mexico at the time of the revolution. They recalledthat they had come out to a new Hotel

country starting "from scratch"and that they could still "scratch"some more. There attitude. was a good We Del Monterecalled spirit an unusual of cooperation and fraternalism on the part of ON THE MONTEREY PENINSULA

these people when they came to settle

Virden. Cooperatively they purchased California's Favorite Resortthe eight hundred acre ranch of the

Gila Farms Company—then proceeded

to divide equal acreages Write colored for our free that shows map 3. Only a one, or $17 for -k day for $9 all. a dayfor held A itgrandin nearlycelebration was

all the things s can do you on Del Monte two, includes a pleasant three and room the wonby community the final when payment was made, and title was given to derful meals a day. Also free use of the tennis 20,000 varied acres. Address Manager,

each individual farmer. The burning of courts, putting greens and Roman Plunge, a Dept. 62-J, Hotel Del Monte, Del Monte,

{Continued on page 408) pass for the spectacular 17Mile Drive and reCalifornia.

duced rates for golf. 407

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1942

THE DUNCAN FLOOD %L. D. S. Training Pays."

{Continued from page 407) his own loss and enlarged upon the need of his brotherneighbor who, he the original notes and mortgage was said, had a much greater burden. One

the incentive for great rejoicing. Though member, an elderly widow, sent some

This is no time therethe communityare many attractiveis somewhatand comfortisolated, thatof hershefoodcouldover"pullto herout,"neighborbut shestatingknew able homes now, welltilled farms, flowthe neighbor had suffered the greater ers, shrubs, lovely surroundings, an and the touched were deeply by loss. We of cooperative example effort which attitude their people, of these marvelous

President Ivins stated Anthony had W. spirit of unselfishness and their unfailing

equalled to go fishing! probably in the never been encourage.

tire Church. After we had interviewed one brothSpend a profitable and er and he had departed, the quorum

THhe president of the high priests quoofficers came back in to say:

interesting summer getrum is in Virden Ward as also the "We know that Brother Blank would ting ready for the job senior president of the seventies quonot tell you of all his losses. He is

rum and the president of an elders quoover-modest and feels that he can work ahead. rum is in Duncan Ward nearby. We out, but we came back to tell you that

had asked them to make a careful surhe is almost critically injured by this vey of their quorum members, estimatflood, and we feel that he needs help."

ing the damage and ascertaining their One family of nine was left entirely financial needs and their ability to carry without a home, the dwelling having on. So we called them to a special been totally demolished by the water.

meeting of Priesthood quorums to conThe ward people had already located sider their surveys. We were amazed the family in another home and were

at the thoroughness of their checkups. looking after its needs. Already his

From them we learned that one of our quorum had planned to build a new brethren had lost sixteen acres of cothome with Welfarefurnished material ton, twenty acres of hegari, seven acres and labor by his quorum members. The

of potatoes, one hundred sacks of land has been purchased with Welfare onions. His hay had disappeared, and funds and the foundation laid of cement

the land was covered with sand and from one of our wards. The carpenters'

gravel. A new channel had been cut union, many of whom are our brethren,

across his land and deep gullies filled offered fifty carpenters to come to help—nearwith waterthe harvest—-hadstood where growingbeen the cropsweek rebuild the homes.

before. His obligations were many and "Man goeth forth unto his

varied. He had hoped to pay most of work—"(Psalms 104:23)

them with these crops, now gone. His

total loss was estimated by his brethren 'T'hen came the brethren from headat $4600.00, and his spirit was as low quarters to assist us. On Monday,

as his loss figure was high. As he surOctober 13th, Elder Harold B. Lee and

veyed the wreckage it looked hopeless. Elder Marion G. Romney met with us.

He was so completely discouraged that With them came President Jesse A.

he felt he must abandon the farm and Udall and his counselor, James M.

Entrance io the L. D. S. seek employment in defense or mining Smith, of the St. Joseph Stake, PresiBusiness College towns. dent Lorenzo Wright of Maricopa

Another had lost one thousand sacks Stake, and President E. I. Whiting of

Intensive business training of onions, thirteen acres of cotton—St. Johns Stake.

hegari their of acres request I presented At my repick—sixteen

through hogs port the the situation of of to have fed his will help you to serve your whichready wasto flood and country better now—and will the winter. His hay was gone and he our people and their losses and needs.

give you the advantage when suffered many other losses. He had all We had made application to the cenjobs are not so plentiful. the expenses of harvesting the onions tral Welfare committee for $10,000 including labor and sacks, and now no which we estimated we would need to

Visit the school or write for returns from his year's work with which properly take care of their immediate to pay! With these troubles and many needs.

our "Bulletin of Information."obligations he was still smiling but wonPresident Wright, acting chairman of

dering what his creditors would think. the region, had contacted the stakes of

New students are enrolling One brother in town was seen burying the region and had made a canvass of for stake funds. his prize laying with of hens his He brought every Monday. twentyseven

in to this meeting in him $1270.00 some back yard. in a little grave his muddy

Still another lost acreage crops, macash. President Whiting of the St.

chinery, livestock including calves and Johns Stake reported they had ready hogs. On and on through the quorums ten thousand feet of lumber and subsewe went for specific information. Our quently Snowflake Stake reported an

U.S. viewsestimatewasat atheconservativeconclusion of$100,000.00,the interbrotherequal amounthad agreedavailable.to contributeHe and twohis

an astounding amount for a small rural hundred fifty dollars worth of lumber

BUSINESS COLLEGE community.Next we called into private session theiralso. pledges.Other stakes came in later with

in SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH individuallysuffered the lossesthe variousto learnmenof whoeach hadhis MesaA veryhad givenpoor fiveMexicandollars. brother

particular problems. Each minimized (Continued on page 410)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1942

TO UTAH FARMERS

"Almost at! our growers plant rows of seed potatoes on one

edge of their commercial fields,"Barlo Luke told me. "All

through the growing season these rows are rogued—that is,

diseased and weak vines are removed. In the fall, the healthiest vines are marked—this is called hill selection.

"When the potatoes are ready to harvest these healthy vines are dug and the potatoes on each vine checked for quality and production. If a vine does not produce at least 8 to 12 tubers

it is discarded. And if the potatoes aren't of the very best

quality the vine is discarded. The potatoes must be smooth

and medium size—6 to 10 ounces in weight.

"Potatoes from these extrahealthy vines are our seed the next year. Other potatoes in the seed rows are used for commercial planting. We are continually improving our strain"

When five little potato cooptheir rightful reeratives around here decided turn by distribto form a central marketing uting efficiently—cutting

association we named it for down handling costs between

Bryce Canyon, which is not producers and consumers.

far from here,"Barlo Luke "Let me tell you about our told me. "By continuing to experience with Safeway.

Here's Barlo Luke examining improve quality we hope to Coming into the 1941 deal a 100pound sack of U. S. No. 1 make our potatoes as famous things didn't look so good for

potatoes marketed by the newly formed Bryce Canyon as Bryce Canyon. I check the us potato growers here in

Marketing Association, of quality of every bag with the southern Utah. Even for our

which Mr. Luke is manager.

On his place at Junction, Barlo Federal inspectors. Consumbest spuds the top price we'd

Luke gets one of the highest ers willingly pay a few cents been getting was less than wt of potatoesproductions in extra for quality. And those figured it should be. an acre bagsUtah—200 to 250

few cents, providing we get "But last season Safeway our share, can mean took a lot of our U. S. No. 1

the difference bepotatoes at top market prices, tween profit and loss which made us feel good. We'd

to our growers. Outheard that Safeway demands

fits like Safeway and fine quality and always pays other food chains the going price or better. Now

help producers get we know that for a fact"

Told to Your Safeway Farm Reporter

Mrs. Barlo Luke, pretty

mother of 4, likes to FQgICTORY

Boyd Luke, 17, shows you a registered buy the family groJersey heifer he won for having the most ceries at the nearest UNITED in STATES store, Safeway project Jersey Utah amongoutstanding.WAR Richfield. savings The BONDS his Barlo Luke, dad,Juniors. ago Long AND consistent quality STAMPS potatoes dairy anddecided that cows trip the worthwent andmake

well together in his rotation program while, she told me

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1942

THE DUNCAN FLOOD LOS ANGELES (Continued from page 408) and everyone who came so quickly and.*.J$k FOREMOST HOTEL graciously to our rescue.

that can't afford to give much,""You of brethren Virone from our When ALEXANDRIA said his bishop. at St. in loading den a barn was hay

said; he has blessed RATES: TROMFROMX me,"DOWNTOWN 13.60(2.50iiDOUBLESINGLEGARAGE Lord "The bales Stake, to he Joseph a came few

Recognized Utah Headquarters in "I've been holding it for just such an of poor hay. Noticing it the donor

Los Angeles emergency."said:

V. SMITH, Managing CLAYTON Director The group considered the problems "Throw that out, we'll feed that poor of Salt Formerly Lake City

all morning then drove to Duncan for hay here to our dry stock."

a survey and interviews and a meeting The Virden brother jokingly said:

with the people of the three wards in "That's all right, beggars cannot be the afternoon. In spite of the meeting's choosers."To which the donor quickly

having been called in midafternoon came back and meant it:

notice, the short only with hour a Dunto brethren underwant you "We filled. meeting This chapel was not consider begdo you we

till nearly continued m. seven p. The gars.stand this are to give happy you thatWeWar Thrusts can signifispecial musical were numbers little feed help out and a and want we

cant. The president of the high priest you to have the best."

lives in Smith, Brother who of our it to Brother "Take one Doe,"suffered great damage, Virden and farmers said of as flooddamaged load a Shall LastSummer Program quorum,sang: Faith In Thee "My

it him. to brought hay needs was "He of the Bishop DunAlways."Romney

spirit the than I do."worse That was the catasalso of victim a can Ward,

found everywhere. we solo: closed tenor with a "Haveinto High Gear trophe, Another of our frequent trips to the In ToThe World I Done Any Good

day."flood area was on November 4th, over

As part oi the allyear war effort Following this meeting we all rushed a month after the flood. We walked

of the Church University, the Sumto Thatcher where a hastily called over the scene of the disaster. The

mer Quarter affords unusual valmeeting of some six hundred people of land lying low near the river was still for five after that school high graduates ues could so wet weeks we place. Genstakes or the took two The

for skilled wishing others to prepare hardly get around. oozing water It was presidents Authorities stake eral and

possible. swiftly like as service still as It far too a sponge. was wet the the situation and of need and spoke

do work. Consideration any was for to people our appeal an graduates come to School bemade \T High may given of posts, to wire, the purchase

It bishoprics 15. rescue. to the will and college Welgin The June be

river building the of the and banks and in to to fare meet- a later assembled the workers advantageous and them levelling the lands. of the

for to St. early Stake ing nation pledged begin from them and Joseph and

continue four quarters a year unand that part of Mt. Graham Stake not I had already appealed to the Phelps

til required for military or industrial so seriously affected by the flood, large Dodge Corporation at Morenci to let us service. quantities of hay and grain and other use some of their big equipment for

a short clean to ditches the time and considercommodities, equipment, and are Three courses hundred \7 land, the the corporation exbut It so level that cash. able determined was this includavailable summer, their plained that defense work was all families far injured possible the as in ing courses mathematics, war keeping they them could not busy and their clothing, food, bedshould have sciences, physical premedics, meassist. Soil to the went Next Conwe reding, other mattresses such and and chanics, economics. Noted home at servation Safford Service and asked bishops'taken quirements of care by visiting will instructors join the regfor their the of use equipment. They this storehouse, the interstake orders on staff. ular explained that bulldozer operators relieve of purchases to cash them

\T Night and day classes in comthrough the winter so they might use were hard to get and all their equipmercial subjects. any funds which came into their hands ment was tied up but beginning early

in let could they us use December some obligaother accounts pay store and courses to program—new if their of the dozers W Flexible would pay we tions. large secure to Plans were made as needed. will be organized fuel cost of operation and which would it land; level to decided equipment was

to get posts and supply fencing materiamount to about $1.80 to $2.50 an hour.

FIRST TERM: June 15—July 24 als and to work out a program of reBeginning with a county unit in December, four working county were and we people. for the been It had Summer Musical Festival habilitation S. dozers S. C. January. by early The the cenfrom suggested that someone

SECOND TERM: July 27—August 29 tral storehouse could come down to equipment proceeded from farm to

help solve the problems, but we felt farm, assisting both Mormons and nonthat we should handle the situation. Mormons in turn.

Brigham Young University The wards of Mt. Graham Stake More help came to us when Elder

Clifford with in this matter. spent a E. Young well week done The first PROVO, UTAH have

Together a us in January. in within walked report came we two to make

week with nearly double the amount miles up the lowlands piled high with they had pledged. A large ward with a sand and gravel or gutted deep to water

selfassessment of four hundred eighty level. We interviewed some of our

dollars had collected six hundred dolbrethren who had suffered most, and

Brother lars, sixteen later raised ten valuable to hundred some made Young in 1WE OffER... dollars, plus suggestions. and other comhay report took a much back He A COMPLETE modities. pledge with a to ward central the committee, reand A small we SERVICE ENGRAVING dollars imforty had ceived of two hundred telephone a giving call from them Portraits to the Largest Missionary From

Catalogues sixty three mediately hundred exceeded confidence us a vote of which we apGiven Prompt Attention Mail Orders other donations. besides dollars in cash preciated. ofElder again Romney

CO. ENGRAVING UTAH well were and have done we fered us additional help should we need

113 Utah Others Salt Lake City, Regent St.

it. stakes the to all other most grateful

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1942

THE DUNCAN FLOOD "And I will give peace in the especially since I haven't been too land.. "(Lev. 26:6) active."Superintendents

Another young man just getting

Tt is now five months since the deluge. started was deeply touched by the help

A For weeks we have had from one to the bishop took to him. He promised and Teachers

four bulldozers working constantly in that he would show his thanks by getlevellingclearing debris in the Church and land and ting busy now work. He Best Friend

faith.fixing river banks. paid operators has already shown good The

worked their eight hours, then our One quorum member returned the brethren with permission worked the check to the bishop saying that he had equipment long into the darkness on been greatly blessed of the Lord, had both ends of the day, anxious to get the made arrangements for his obligations work done. Already dikes have been so he could meet them, and desired this

so fortunate in the these places, one not go to money some brokenpushed up early at Qfowi while as he was. working withstudded with brush Even willows and

the hope that they would withstand any and late trying to rebuild his own farm, small flood that might come and further he with others of his quorum had taken S&wic&...

hoping that before another such damtime to plow and plant the farm of a aging flood, control dams might be built quorum member who had had his leg by government agencies. crushed in an accident.

"These places are beginning to look The people have graciously accepted like farms again,"Bishop Mortensen of the help given them but have asked

Virden Ward wrote us. nothing. It is almost unbelievable there

these thouhave now distributed We wasure—nono sicknessepidemicsfromfromcontinuedthe filth exposof the dollars, of quantities ofsands hay and

grain and food, clothing, bedding and flood. Wemattresses other commodiand many

theties. knewdamage—wewe could hopednot maketo goodhelp YERGEIVSEIV posts of cedar Thousands and all

scores of spools of new wire and many enough to give them hope and courage. Teachers Agency

the has out paid program Though to build usedstaples have been back for of operating cost $2500partition fences. high only road. and The the KATHERYN939 So. YERGENSEN,12 East StreetMgr.

priests quorum is building a dwelling bull dozers to date, it is estimated that Salt Lake City, Utah at least six dollars of thousand worth of its formerfor one members whose Phone 5-2083 brethren. the has been work done for a and becamehome mound of mud.S#S#V#S#V#>#K*S#*"#V*#S#V*S#N#V#srSJ In addition of dollars hundreds worthdebris.

of food, quilts, mattresses, clothing,

One high priest who received a check shoes, animals, machinery, and other to pay for the work of the bull dozer commodities have been distributed. We

told his bishop: "It was surely a blessstill have much to do. The land is still

ing from heaven for me."in the process of being levelled, planted,

cultivated. the to a and presented bishop When

Our people are most grateful. Our IVobody Can of Priesthood the adult Aaronicmember

a check for $100.00 partially to pay hearts are touched. We thank everyhis dozer account he remarked: "Bishone who has helped. We thank the Stop LOSS—

op, I'd much rather be giving the Church Lord for our leaders and the inspired a check for $100.00 than accepting one program of Welfare. With His help

from you. I am so grateful that the our people will emerge from this trial Everybody Can

Church would feel like helping me, strong and resolute.

Avoid It Through THE EDITOR'S PAGE IIVSURMCE {Concluded from page 363) knew that God lives and that Jesus guage can tell, the power and the is the Christ, the Son of the living ability kind, as considerate, to be as God, of the world. the Redeemer come you When

forgiving,as brave, very as spirit of inspiration and noble, The that here insurance f o r this in true, with very deed was and to walk foundand lodgment man it, coupled you get

Iin in his footsteps. could nothing ask heart the hearts and in my attentive, of with expemore. many others. I loved Joseph F. rienced service. This

the bless comfort other Smith loved I never as and any God May man is of the an agency

I his family. of thathearts sorrowing ever have known. May God May InFire Utah Home

his bless his follow example, theythey and if memory. comfort He May surance Co.

will do this, they will meet him and the family and help them and everydwell with him eternally. For no one of us to be true to his noble exintegrity, ever lived a more had of devotion,man that ample of powof UTAH HOME FIRE livingerful testimony of the of and courage, of love and God God and of

of our Redeemer than Joseph F. his fellows; and, particularly, may INSURANCE CO.

Smith. From my earliest childhood we all be as kind, as considerate of J. Grant & Co.days, he has thrilled my very being those that God has given us as he Heber

with the testimony that he has borne has been toward his family, is my General Agents to all those with whom he has come prayer, and I ask it in the name of Salt Lake City, Utah in contact, bearing witness that he Jesus. Amen.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1942

Mutual Messages

(Concluded from page 402)

Beelvetirls

Lucy T. Andersen, chairman; Margaret N. Wells.

Ann C. Larson, Marjorie Ball, Florence B. Pinnock,

Helena W. Larson.

(OOD news! We now offer you the

very newest and upto-date supplementary information on BeeHive for 1942. Just off the press, our latest

supplement gives a compact, comprehensive statement of some changes as well as additional helps for the coming year. It is essential for every BeeKeeper to have one.

Briefly, some of the topics considered are:

1. A week by week outline for summer

work during June, July, and August.

2. Stories and applications to be made each

month for twelve months on the new 194243 theme.

3. Words and music for the BeeHive

Marching Song.

4. Suggestions for Guardian leaders and

three new guides to be used if the need is felt for more instruction on social conduct and ideals of temple marriage.

5. The reading course book for 194243.

6. Several important changes in honor

badges and a new one on War Service.

From inquiries and suggestions it was found that the BeeHive Girls are wanting to do their part in the war effort.

In order to make the activities somewhat uniform and also to give recognition for service, a new honor badge has been created, and the indications are that the girls will be greatly interested in it.

An honor badge is given for twelve hours service helping an approved defense agency. In the supplement are

listed many ways in which girls can fill this requirement. If a girl spends thirtysix hours on this badge, she is entitled

FIELD PHOTOS FOR MARCH 1942 to wear a special pin award. This is a

bronze pin stamped with a BeeHive, presented MenGleaner Banquet and Ball, M (BeeHive E. the initials B. H. War W. Mission. Canadian by statement the "Taste and Emergency), Rally, 2. Stake. Maricopa M. I. A. Youth

3. Missoula District St. Ignatius BeeHive Dance. the Sweetness of Service."Equipped

religious 4. Pageant from Scene Road "The the clasp, be purto with a safety pin may

Falls Stake. Bethlehem,"Idaho office for general at the board chased 5. Soldiers L. Keesler at of the S. Church D.

Field, Mississippi. 15c which is below cost because the genplay 6A. Cast of "Glamour

Byron sented by Ward ofin theBig Poconos,"Horn Stake.pre-A eralexpenseboardas anis contributingincentive to thepartgirls.of the oneact play.

6B. "Grandma Pulls the Strings,"presented by

Stake. Cowley Ward, Big Horn

Into The play "Road Sun,"presented With uncertainty and rising costs in 6C. Oneact

Stake. Lovell of Big Horn by West Ward

"Courage, Mr. Greene,"printing and paper, you will be wise to of oneact play Cast 60.

Big Stake. Lovell presented Horn by Ward,

7. their BeeHive taken secure your copy of the supplement Girls and Bee Keeper

Clause. at the Edith home of

entitled Old Trail"from the immediately. Although it contains about The 8. Scene "On

on Pioneers the pageant "New March,"preforty pages, we are happy to tell you conference. Stake the at Maricopa sented

9. "Life of Lorenzo Snow Wright,"presented by the price is only 10c. Order now from

Maricopa Stake.

10. Characters in one of the scenes of the pageant, the Y. W. M. I. A., Bishop's Building,

given by Maricopa Stake. Salt Lake City, Utah.

Evidences and Reconciliations

(Continued from page 385) awaiting the coming of the key. A

man, likewise, holds the Priesthood by which all the work in the Church is accomplished, but he can use it in certain Church activities only when the necessary keys are conferredupon him. ICTORY FIRST!

Further, a man who owns a car Above everything else today—the job is to win the war.

police of allowed, because bemay not

IS help DO: You can by DOING: GreyCAN GREYHOUND YOU WHAT WHAT streets. certain to driveorders, down the traveling of the middle during week for is furnishing transportation hound

Similarly, a man may receive the the armed forces and for war workers—thus providing more seats for military

Priesthood, but can exercise its to and from plants. - Greyhound is conpersonnel and war workers who must

power, within the Church, only by tinuing to serve civilian travelers, now travel on weekends. - Greyhound will

the authority of the proper officials. more dependent on buses because of continue to furnish the best service that

On his own property and on open private car and tire restrictions, -fc This war conditions will permit, r But we streets the man may drive his car tremendous task constantly grows must all remember—before personal

without question. Similarly, in begreater and is being done with the convenience and pleasure—it is Victory

half of himself and his family, and limited number of buses available. First.

for the general good, a man may exercise his Priesthood without reference to the official body of the

Church.

They who have the right to say when, where, and how the PriestGREYHOUNDhood shall be used for the Church have keys of authority. They may

give authority or keys to others.

the authority has Every priest to Kill Noxious Weeds at the Roots! the administer sacrament; every

elder has the authority to baptize;

but neither can so officiate in the ac- [THIS PULLING NOXIOUS I HAVE NO NOXIOUS WEEDS tivities of a ward unless called to WEED TOPS IS DRUDGERY! NOW, THANKS TO A MACK AN77do so by the bishop who holds the AND NEVER SEEMS TO GETB WEEDCUN AND A FEWGALIONS

keys of authority for the ward. MEANYWHERE.l'VE BEEN| OF CARBON BISULPHIDE USED

the authorhigh priest has Every ity preside DOING IT FOR. YEARS. YEARS AGO.THE COST WAS MODto preside, but cannot

over any stake organization without ERATE AND 1HBJ0B WAS EASY.

being called to do so by the stake. I KILLED

president, holds who the keys of raff T si 'THEATWEEPSTHE for stake.authority the

All members of a Priesthood quo- - *- -—*> ROOTS.

rum hold equal Priesthood authority, u s= but in the president of the quorum is '*2**-53-&?s.:

vested the authority to use the -a*

Priesthood for quorum purposes, for 7/"- he holds the keys of authority for v\ 1 2fe.

the quorum. \ A seventy by virtue of his Priesthood has authority to preach the \\vj

gospel, but he cannot fill a mission unless he is called by the proper of- T"- ficers of the Church, and set apart the than man knows better Nobody for that is, unless the W purpose—that

... of use has benefited from the who of conferredkeys that ministry are

upon him, within his specific field, by *?

ofthose keys the general who hold $4L CARBON BISULPHIDEspreading the gospel abroad, and can confer them on others. Send for Booklet 212P telling how

weedwork is accomplished. Therefore it is customary and

proper in ordaining or setting apart men to presiding offices to confer WHEELER, REYNOLDS & STAUFFER, 636 California St., San Francisco

upon them the associated keys of authority. If in ordaining a to man Distributors—Wasatch Chemical Co., Salt Lake City and Branches on (Concluded 415) page

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1942

Scriptural Crossword Puzzle—The Twelve Tribes

WATCH FOR PUBLICATION "All these are the twelve tribes of Israel: and this is it that their father

spake unto them, and blessed them; every one according to his blessing he

DATE OF blessed them."—-Gen. 49: 28.

IN THE GOSPEL NET By DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE

A new Improvement Era publication

(Bind. yonA.

MAGAZINES W. Co NO.fc

gather to up is just the timeNOW ACROSS is surprise of 1 "... Cry a fruitful bough, a fruit30 "even publications and 1941 churchyour.. "fire shall well a ful bough 31 by. every"man's work of

it 5 is sort, attractive, thy brethren "... into what thou he whom bound themhave are"

chairs shall praise on Worker 32

.. Pale shall judgeconvenient volumes. 9 ". 34 his "people, as one of "tribes Simeon and... are brethren. I will the of Israel 35

"in Jacob, and scatter them PRESERVE THIS PRICELESS 1112 EpochSize of shot dividein Israelthem

MATERIAL! 1513 Approaches"... shall ravin as a wolf"4137 Asiatic"lay downsardineour..."1 John 3: 16

". 17 Stringed instrument 42

thanks Prophetess Christ between.. is a twostrongburdensass "couching down when who gaveAnd the cost is small. Note these 1 in the temple. Direction was presented She was 43

tribe across the of of city that is... on an hill cannot be 44 "a 47prices:

to day and 19 "I do hid"to morrow "...

... his Vessel hair a year once 45 22 Absalom

Era, per volume.$2.00...Improvement shall.. to the of his bread be fat, twain, in from rent 47 24 "Out "was

"dainties"yield royal shall and he the bottom per Magazine, Relief Society volume - 1-50 2926 SonUnstableof Noahas water, thou shalt not ex48 The.. same. and blessingLevi was given to both

Instructor, per volume.—. 1.50 cel "was said of..,

Children's Friend, per volume. 2.00

DOWN Bring them in, or mail them, 23 Alleged"Get theeforcebehind me,... 2325 TheExclamationkiller whales

TODAY! 46 Insnare"and three tenth... of fine flour"Lev. 2728 APronounchief place of Moab Num. 21: 28

.. blessings of these 14: 10 seem Some 33

it for anger,. was 7 "terrible as an... with banners 'be their "Cursed 34

"... shall dwell at the haven of the cruel "Gen. 49: 7The Deseret News Press 108 "his raiment of camel's..."fierce; and their... for it was

sea 35 Flax 29 Richards Street 14 Paul visited... Acts 16: 11 36 Brother of Odin (Norse Myth.)

15 "... is a hind let loose: he giveth 38 Mountain of Greece

Salt Lake City, Utah goodly words"39 Employs ". shall overcome a troop 16 Measure 40 him:"but

.. at shall, that the last hath overcome he.. 19 "He

"... of City 46: Egypt Jer. 20 25 against the king. hands""46

21 A city rf Tudah Josh. 15: 21

) a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1942

Evidences and Reconciliations

(Concluded from page 413)

the office of elder, seventy, or high priest, the keys of authority are conferred, it means that henceforth hehas full right to the use of the power CAR CONSERVATION committed to him to meet his own needs, and in guarding and blessinghis own family, and all who have HEADQUARTERS need of help. But, when men are

called to specific offices of responsibility, the corresponding keys of authority are conferred, even though the man already holds the Priesthood.

President Joseph F. Smith has

drawn the clear distinction between the Priesthood and the keys of the

Priesthood:

The Priesthood in general is the authority given to man to act for God. Every man

ordained to any degree of the Priesthood, has this authority delegated to him.

But it is necessary that every act performed under this authority shall be done at the proper time and place, in the proper way, and after the proper order. The

power of directing these labors constitutes the KEYS of the Priesthood. In their fulness, the keys are held by only one person

at a time, the prophet and president of the delegate ofChurch. any portion He may LET US HELP MAKE YOUR CAR to another, in whichthis power case that

that the holds particularperson keys of labor. the of president a temple, Thus, the RUN BETTER AND LAST LONGER

president of a stake, the bishop of a ward, the president of a mission, the president of a quorum, each holds the keys of the labors No matter how little or how much you use yur car, it in that particularperformed body or loPriesthoodcality. His is not increased by should be checked over frequently to make sure everythis special appointment, for a seventy who thing is in good shape. Drive in—at the VicoPep 88 sign

presides over a mission has no more Priesthood than a seventy who labors under his—for war time conditioning service.

direction; and the president of an elders'

quorum, for example, has no more Priesthood than any member of that quorum. But

he holds the power of directing the official labors performed in the mission or the quoUtah Oil Refining Company Stations rum, or in other words, the KEYS of that and Dealers in Its Products division of that work. So it is throughout

all the ramifications of the Priesthood—Everywhere in Utah

and Idahodistinction between be carefully must made *s in per'1 directing authority, ofthe general and the the labors performed by that authority.

Joseph F. Smith, Gospel Doctrine, pages

168-9.—/. A. W.

Summer Photography THIRD EDITION ( Concluded from page 357 main scene will not appear so empty. GOSPEL STANDARDS

in one. pictures getting twoAvoid By By HEBER J. GRANT

tell story only one picturethis I mean at a time. If you show Brother Joe is now off the press

just that the familymilking cow, show sisIt has a message to our generation include else.and nothing Do not

nearby.ter gathering eggs By all means 400 pages—$2.25 negabut on another her picture,get

pictures successful, musttive. To be cenAn Improvement Era publication one must havehave unity. They

ter of interest. Clashing subjects spoil (Available at book dealers everywhere)

the best subject matter.

Biirs jJouTPaqe and

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY TAKING TURNS

Although elder and older, eldest and oldest have the same Friend: "I hear your son is getting on quite well."

meaning, there is a distinction that careful speakers will Crabtree: "I'll say so! Two years ago he wore my old

make. Elder and eldest are used in referring to kinfolk; older suits. Now I wear his."

and oldest to all other persons, places, or things.

-4>- THE CURE March Field, California Asylum patient, meeting new superintendent: "Who are

you?"Editors: Dear

here in charge now."superintendent—I'm

of that out my induction into the army, the Era has meant more you! them long to knock SINCE "Why,"Hah—itI'mwon'tthe newtake

to me than ever before. The May issue arrived yesterday, I was Napoleon when I first came here."

and I was overjoyed to find it filled with the wonderful messince conference. to read ever been wanting sages that I had

forces JUDGING BY LOOKS in the I heartily that every armed recommend man to excopies been put the Era. should have have I feel my told sobbingly disappeared,"has husband a woman "My them. cellent fellows read having They use—several is his picture. headquarters, at police are the "Here sergeant desk

excellent missionaries. I want you to find him."

I am more thankful than I can express for the privilege After inspecting the photograph, the sergeant asked, "Why?"

I have of attending, in uniform, of course, the nearby wards for the wholehearted of the Church, and welcome I've received. DIDN'T WORK WITH GEMS as everywhere. wonderful a are doing work here, You

Sincerely, "What was your last job?"

Your brother, "Diamond"In the jewelrycutter."business, huh?"

P.F.C. Alma B. Rigby, "No, I trimmed the lawn at the ball park."

HQ & HQ Squadron, 32nd Air Base Gp., FORCE OF HABIT

March Field, Califorina - theJimmy,hospitalsix,to seeyoungesthis fatherof elevenwho waschildren,quite ill.wasJimmytakenwasto

until quiet, to leave. reverent, time almost for him came Then Camp Palk, Louisiana

in his father's ear: tiptoed to the whispered bedside he and up Dear Editor:

the I see "Kin baby now?"

THOUGHT I would write a few lines and let you know what

I in the to one Army. Era Improvement means The

I each as I find it such a WRONG ALL AROUND forward to its look coming month comfort to read such wonderful articles as the Era has in it. Kind Old Gentleman: What's your little brother's name?

Many of the fellows here also read it, and most of them Buddy: His name would be Jack if he was my brother,

seem to enjoy it about as much as I do. There have been a but he ain't, and her name is Ruth.

number that have asked me questions about the Church, a little in spreading the gospel in the army camp.

fullest the in the while advantage I also used Era to the SNAPPY COMEBACK

I last States Mission from which Southern Nowas released vember. Two autoists met in an alley too narrow to pass each

I hope and pray that all the Latterday Saint boys in the other. One of the autoists rose in his car and shouted to the

army camps over the U. S. find the Era as valuable in everyday other:

life as I do. "I never back up for any fool."

other The driver quietly put his car in reverse, backed

Sincerely your brother, out, replied: and

Pvt. Leslie G. Myers, "That's all right, I always do."

Co. G, 32nd Armed Reg't.

Camp Palk, Louisana. THERE ARE OTHERS

$> "Is your boy friend progressive or conservative?"

"It's hard to say. He wears last year's clothes, drives this

81 Grove year's car, and lives on next year's income."

Keen, N. H.

Dear Editor: COOL, BUT NOT CALM

SINCE coming to the mission field, I have realized more fully the importance of the Era. Each month we look forward Friend: "Was your husband cool when the burglars were

to the new issue which always brings something new and inbreaking in the other night?"

spirational to our missionary activities. Spouse: "He must have been—he was shivering all over."

I have just recently discovered a section which has heretofore meant nothing to me. It is "The Cooks'Corner."We have LOGICAL

tried several of the recipes given, and they have turned out swell. Pat, a truck driver, stopped suddenly on the highway.

Congratulations in your endeavors for a bigger and better The car behind crashed into the truck and its owner sued the

Era. Irishman.

Sincerely, "Why didn't you hold out your hand?"the judge asked

Elder Leo W. Hurst, Pat."Well,"he said, indignantly, "if he couldn't see the truck,

New England Mission how in hivvin's name could he see my hand?"

fytfgfif Enlisted EASY for the LESSON Duration COST OF *fl-: 'VSAVE

War brings new appreciation of

our worldenvied living standards, WOUIt SUGAR born of democracy and free enterprise. U -in Jam/and

If you a i,e one of the fortunate people who own a modern home Jelly M/zking { already equipped for gas heating, cooking, hot water service and withrefrigeration you are in a position

to appreciate to the fullest the advantages of natural gas—the u\ $CNH<

modern fuel for the four big jobs.

jtlUtS

'In war industries, as in homes, com; '

gas is doing its part to speed production, to safeguard health and to save money. Appliance manThe oldfashioned method of

ufacturing, facilities and materials making jams and jellies is extravare being diverted to war producagant... because it "boils away"so

tion. Fortunately the gas equipmuch of your most costly ingredient—the fruit or juice

ment you purchased was built to I—that you get fewer glasses from the same amount of

last a long time, so when new; fruit. The modern M. C. P. PECTIN method produces

models become scarce, you can many more glasses from the same amount of fruit... and

the extra glasses more than pay the cost of your sugar. be glad that your present appliances with proper care should The M. C. P. PECTIN method has other advantages, also.

continue giving good service. You It takes the guesswork out of jam and jelly making and

assures perfect results; saves you hours of time and work; are invited to consult us if your

andpreserves the true, natural flavor of fruits and berries.

appliances require inspection or

adjustment.

Now, more than ever before, you'll want to do more home preserving.

fountain Fuel Supply It means economy for you... and helps

Company in the nationwide plan to save food, Provo Salt Lake Ogden containers and shipping cases. PECTIN

Serving Twentythree Utah Communities

THOUSANDS OF JAM AND JELLY MAKERS ARE

SWITCHING TO M. C. P. POWDERED PECTIN

D U S K ON T H E DESERT In the Arizona desert, night follows close on the heels of the sunset... but suspended between is

the peaceful moment when the glow of the desert dusk lingers on... the moment when the giant

saguaros stand silhouetted against the brilliant sky... like sentinels on their evening watch..

The dusk of life comes quickly, too,.. creeping

up on silent catfeet that we often fail to hear in time. But life's evening watch also has its sentinels

ed fife insurance stands guard against:.'.-. -#: yier#rt;.;-Jal|k5ft

.";, -. f,.

[HBmWLAMQmMh MWAMY