NO TICE TO READER:

When you finish reading this magazine place

of will in the azine, hands be placed and it proceed to sailors destined soldiers or LA VERNE I) AL aour1cent stamp on this notice, mail the magoverseas. No Wrapping—No Address.

m A. S. Burleson, PostmasterGeneral

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Young Men's Mutual Improvement

Associations and the Schools of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Published Monthly by the General Board at Salt Lake City, Utah

I. Factory School Shoes Z. C. M.

Made on the Munson Army Last or the

English Toed School Shoes FOR BOYS, YOUTHS, LITTLE GENTS

FALL BULBS

PLANT NOW, before the ground freezes

At last our big shipment of Dutch Bulbs has reached America safely, and will be ready for distribution here by Norember 1st.

Phone or write for Free Price List today

PorterWalton Co.

SEED AND NURSERY SPECIALISTS, SALT LAKE CITY

of Tomorrow""The Man a wonderful new book on "Vocational Guidance"By Claude Richards a successful business man, will help every young man and woman in the selection of their life work. It is

suited for young and old, and should be read by every parent.

"Vocational Guidance,"as outlined in Claude Richards'book, is insurance against failure and a short cut to success.

This book should be in every home. It has been adopted for supplementary

reading by the state schools and also by the Church schools.

The book is substantially bound in red vellum; it is printed on good paper, is

profusely illustrated and has 296 pages. The price is extremely low—ONLY $1, postpaid $1.10.

Mail your order today to the

Improvement Era Office 2023 Bishop's Building, - Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITINGmil TQ ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT BRA

OUR FLAG UPON THE ALPS

Where touches on Mont Blanc the coming light,

First place of Europe in the sunrise glow,

Amid the gleaming wastes of ice and snow,

There floats our Freedom's banner on the height.

A strange and splendid, unexpected sight,

High o'er the alpine glacier's ebb and flow,

Where falls the avalanche, the bleak winds blow,

Tells to the Old World of the New World's might.

Yea, honored banner, rich with clustered stars.

Wave brightly, then, o'er Chamonix's deep vale.

The Golden Hopes of our Republic tell,

Make hearts of Europe with fresh courage swell.

Thee, in this hour of struggle, proud we hail,

O flag, stainless in thy wars

ALIKE!) LAM BOURNE.

Underwood & Underwood, New York

OUR FLAG UPON THE ALPS A peak of Mont Blanc, which for the future will be called Wilson Peak, was formerly the Piltschner Peak, named after a German explorer. The

mayor of Chamonix, accompanied by by a great throng of spectators and officials, climbed the peak on August 15 and, while hoisting the American flag, named it Wilson Peak.

Improvement era

Vol. XXII NOVEMBER, 1918 No. 1

A Lesson from the Book of Job"

By Elder Orson F. Whitney, of the Council of the Twelve

A funeral sermon is not for the benefit of the departed;

rather is it for the good ofthose who remain. The dead, as we

call are no more dead than we are, and are as them—though they

our reach, just as they aremuch alive now as ever—are beyond

beyond our vision. We cannot add to anything that they have

done, nor can we take anything away. They have made their

record and are in the keeping of a higher Power. But we can

do something to comfort those who mourn, and by acts of kindness lessen human suffering. Our Father in heaven expects this

at our hands, and it is a very beautiful custom that prevails among us, that of assembling on occasions such as this, to show our sorrowing friends that our hearts are with them.

I read upon the faces of those around me tales of trial and suffering; scarcely anyone here today but has passed

through some kind of tribulation. We know what it is to lose

father or mother, brother or sister, husband or wife or children;

and out of these sad experiences our hearts are brought nearer to each other. We are knit together in mutual sympathy and

affection. What a blessed thing it is that all our tears and all

our tenderness are not for ourselves alone. The bighearted are

those who can feel for the woes of others.

We are here today to express our sympathy and love for the family of our dear Brother Clive who has left us. They are

good neighbors and friends of mine; I have always had a warm

spot in my heart for them; and I fain would say something, if

God will inspire, to relieve their distress. I have known these

families pretty much all my life. The names of Clive and Campbell are among my earliest recollections. My father, Horace K.

*A discourse delivered at the funeral services for "Jed"Clive, Salt Lake

City, June 7, 1918.

4 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Whitney, and "Jed's"father, Claude Clive, were both connected with the Salt Lake Theater in early days; and I remember, too,

Brother Robert L. Campbell, the school superintendent, how he

used to visit the University and talk to the boys and girls there;

I recall the good counsel that he always gave. I am familiar

with the record made by these families, and they have a high place in my esteem.

I much admire the character of Sister Clive, the wife of this man whose mortal remains lie here. She has had to pass through

some sad ordeals, and I have admired the patience, the fortitude, the strength of character that she has shown, which has enabled her to rise to meet the occasion and bear in humility the trials that have befallen her. My wife related to me how she

called upon her the day after this awful accident, when, in speaking of it and of other misfortunes that had come to her,

Sister Clive said: "Yes, I have had sore trials, heavy shocks, but

God has been very good to me, and I have always had help from him in the midst of my troubles."Those are noble words. It

is good to hear a sentiment of that kind. It reminded me of

the immortal speech of the good and patient Job: "The Lord

gave, and the Lord hath taken away; blessed be the name of

the Lord."

Story of the Good and Patient Job

of the most beautiful that the You all know the story—one

Scriptures contain. Job was a man who served God with all his

heart; a righteous man, insomuch that the Lord said of him:

"There is none like him in the earth."But when "the sons of

God"presented themselves before the Lord, and "Satan came also,"the Lord having praised his faithful servant, "the Accuser"sneeringly replied: "Doth Job fear God for nought?

You have blessed him with abundance; you have hedged him

about with benefits. Why shouldn't he serve you? Why

shouldn't he keep your commandments? Take away what you

have given to him and he will curse you to your face."Such

was the substance of the speech. The Lord then said: "Go

and take away all that he hath, but touch not himself."

According to this, Satan, before he can afflict man, must get permission from God. He can do no more than he is permitted to do. The Lord said, "Touch him not,"and Satan was

bound; he could not afflict Job in his person. But he could

and did take away what God had given him. Robbers drove

off his flocks and herds; fierce winds blew down his houses, and

the falling walls crushed his sons and daughters. In a moment,

as it were, this happy and prosperous man was reduced from

A LESSON FROM THE BOOK OF JOB 5

wealth to poverty, from joy to misery. But did he curse God,

or call him in question? No, he uttered those wonderful words:

"The Lord gave, and the Lord hath taken away; blessed be the

name of the Lord."Satan had failed; Job's patience had triumphed.

Again the sons of God presented themselves before him, and Satan was asked: "Hast thou considered my servant Job,

that he holdeth fast his integrity, although thou movedst me against him to destroy him without cause?"And again Satan

sneered: "All that a man hath will he give for his life; but put

forth thine hand now and touch his bone and his flesh, and he will curse thee to thy face."The evil one then went forth with

permission to afflict Job in his person. Smitten from top to toe

with "sore boils,"he sat down in despair amid the ashes of his ruined home. His wife now came to him, "Curse God and die,"

was her counsel, but Job replied, "Thou speakest as one of the foolish women.""Shall we receive good at the hand of God,

and shall we not receive evil?"In other words: Shall we not

be patient in the midst of tribulation—in anything that our

Father wishes us to pass through?

Job's faith did not fail. His integrity remained steadfast.

He said: "I will trust him, though he slay me.""For I know

that my Redeemer liveth, and that he shall stand at the latter day upon the earth; and though, after my skin, worms destroy

this body, yet in my flesh shall I see God."Satan was baffled

in his assaults upon this righteous man, and when he had borne all that was necessary the Lord blessed him with twice as much as he had before. There was a compensation for

all that he had suffered.

Why Men and Women are Called to Suffer

Some beautiful lessons are taught in the Book of Job, but one thing is not made plain there—the reason, the main reason,

why men and women are called upon to suffer. Surely there is

more in it than the story of Job reveals. It remained for the

Prophet Joeeph Smith to bring it to light; to set forth the why

and wherefore of human suffering; and in revealing it he gave

us a strength and power to endure that we did not before possess. For when men know why they suffer, and realize that it is

for a good and wise purpose, they can bear it much better than they can in ignorance.

The Prophet was lying in a dungeon for the gospel's sake.

He called upon God, "who controlleth and subjecteth the devil,"and God answered, telling him that his sufferings should be but "a small moment.""Thou art not vet as Job,"said the Lord,

6 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"thy friends do not contend against thee."Job's friends,

it will be remembered, tried to convince him that he must have done something wrong or those trials would not have come upon him. But Job had done no wrong; it was "without cause"that

Satan had sought to destroy him. God said to Joseph: "If thou

art called to pass through tribulation; if thou art in perils among

false brethren; perils among robbers; perils by land and sea; if

fierce winds become thine enemy; if the billowing surge conspire

against thee, if the very jaws of hell shall gape open the mouth wide after thee, know thou, my son, that all these things shall give thee experience and shall be for thy goody

Compensation in Calamities

There is the reason. It is for our development, our purification, our growth, our education and advancement, that we

buffet the fierce waves of sorrow and misfortune; and we shall

be all the stronger and better when we have swam the flood and stand upon the farther shore. Lowell was right:

'Tis sorrow builds the shining ladder up,

Whose golden rounds are our calamities.

We cannot suffer anything without receiving benefit from the experience. Brother Naisbitt, in his poem, "There's No

Such Thing as Death,"puts it thus:

Throughout God's infinite domain,

Life reigns perennial, all around;

And every pang or pulse of pain

Leads but to higher vantage ground.

The fall of Adam and Eve was a great calamity, but it brought forth a wonderful blessing; it gave us our bodies, with

endless opportunities to advance and achieve. It brought death

into the world, but it also brought forth the human family.

There was the compensation. "Adam fell that men might be,

and men are that they might have joy."The crucifixion of

Christ was a terrible calamity, but the atonement connected with it was the foreordained means of man's salvation. Israel's calamitous fate proved a blessing to the world in general. God's

promise to Abraham had to be made good. "In thee and in thy

seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed."This promise

was fulfilled in Christ, but an important part of the fulfilment began when the children of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob were flung broadcast over the world, that the barren wastes of unbelief might be sprinkled with the blood that believes, and made fruitful of faith and righteousness.

So it is with all our troubles and sorrows; there is a compensation for them. The philosopher Emerson says:

A LESSON FROM THE BOOK OF JOB 7

A fever, a mutilation, a cruel disappointment, a loss of wealth, a loss of friends, seems at the moment unpaid loss, and unpayable. But the sure years

reveal the deep remedial force that underlies all facts. The death of a dear

friend, wife, brother, lover, which seemed nothing but privation, somewhat later assumes the aspect of a guide or genius; for it commonly operates revolutions in our way of life, terminates an epoch of infancy or of youth which

was waiting to be closed, breaks up a wonted occupation, or a household, or a style of living, and allows the formation of new ones more friendly to the growth of character. It permits or constrains the formation of new acquaintances and the reception of new influences that pr&ve of the first importance to the next years; and the man or woman who would have remained a sunny garden flower, with no room for its roots and too much

sunshine for its head, by the falling of the walls and the neglect of the gardener, is made the banyan of the forest, yielding shade and fruit to wide neighborhoods of men.

How true! To whom do we look, in days of grief and disaster, for help and consolation? Who are these friendly neighbors gathered in today? They are men and women who have

suffered, and out of their experience in suffering they bring forth the riches of their sympathy and condolences as a blessing to those now in need. Could they do this had they not suffered themselves?

When the sky darkens and the tempest threatens, where do we go for shelter? To the sagebrush or the willow? No, rather

to some spreading oak that has withstood the storms of ages and become stronger because of the fierce winds that have swayed its branches and caused its roots to strike deeper and deeper into the soil. When we want counsel and comfort, we do not

go to children, nor to those who know nothing but pleasure and selfgratification. We go to men and women of thought and

sympathy, men and women who have suffered themselves and can give us the comfort that we need. Is not this God's purpose

in causing his children to suffer? He wants them to become

more like himself. God has suffered far more than man ever

did or ever will, and is therefore the great source of sympathy and consolation. "Who are these arrayed in white, nearest

to the throne of God?"asked John the Apostle, wrapt in his

mighty vision. The answer was: "These are they who have

come up through great tribulation, and washed their robes and made them white in the blood of the Lamb."

There is always a blessing in sorrow and humiliation. They

who escape these things are not the fortunate ones. "Whom

God loveth he chasteneth."When he desires to make a great

man he takes a little street waif, or a boy in the backwoods, such as Lincoln or Joseph Smith, and brings him up through hardship and privation to be the grand and successful leader of a people. Flowers shed most of their perfume when they are

crushed. Men and women have to suffer just so much in order

to bring out the best that is in them. The nations that have

S IMPROVEMENT ERA

had to struggle for their existence are or have been the most powerful nations in history.

There will be a compensation for this accicalamity—this

dent. A blessing will grow out of it. Bear it patiently, friends;

do God's will, and some day you will know better than you now know why it happened.

What we call death is not so terrible after all. Death on

the battlefield or by shipwreck, or in some awful mishap such as this, seems terrible; but at the worst what is it? Simply a

passing from one life to another life, beyond the horizon of this existence. We cannot see our dear ones who have departed

but they are alive. I need not tell a congregation of Latterday

Saints that Brother Clive still lives. He has just gone into the

spirit world, where we will all go some day.

Where is the Spirit World?

And. where is this spirit world? Is it off in some distant

part of the universe? Do we sail away into space millions of

miles in order to get there? No. The spirit world, according

to Joseph Smith, is right around us. Our dead friends, as we

call very near to us, so near, them—our departed loved ones—are

the Prophet says, that they are often grieved by what we do and say. To get into the spirit world, we have only to pass out

of the body.

The spirit world, as I understand it, is the spirit of this planet. When God made the earth he made it twice. When

he made man he made him twice. When he made the animals,

the fishes, and the fowls, he made them twice. When he made

the beautiful flowers, such as you see here today, he made them twice. First as spirits and then as bodies, and when the spirits

entered their bodies they became souls. This is the teaching of

modern revelation; the teaching of Joseph Smith. God made

the earth first as a spirit and then gave it a body, and what we call the spirit world is simply the spiritual half of the sphere that we dwell in.

Expert Authority Someone may say: "Who was Joseph Smith, that he should

teach such things; and how do we know they are true? Maybe

it is only an opinion; and one man's opinion is just as good as

another's."This sounds plausible, but is it true? We say

many things hastily, that second thought tells us are not true.

One man's opinion is not as good as another's, because men are not equal; they are not the same intelligence, nor are they situated the same. Take two men of equal intelligence; place one

on the mountaintop, and the other here in the valley, and which will see the farthest and know most of the surrounding

A LESSON FROM THE BOOK OF JOB 9 region—the man in the valley covered with smoke and mist, or

the one on the mountaintop, where the air is clearer and the view wider? Down here we see but one valley, while the man

up there sees valleys to the east, north, south and west; therefore he knows more about the country and his opinion concerning it is better than the other man's.

We can carry this into every walk of life. When we want

an expert opinion on astronomy, we seek an astronomer, not a shoemaker—-unless the shoemaker happens to be an astronomer.

A musician's opinion on music is more valuable than the opinion of one who "hath no music in his soul."No, unless the men

are equal and their surroundings the same, we cannot predicate equality of their opinions.

And why should we limit this to things material? Why is

it not true of religious principles as well? Is there not such a

thing as a spiritual expert? There is, and the greatest spiritual

expert that this world has ever known is Jesus Christ, the Son of God. He stood upon eternal heights and was not blinded

by the mists of error. Joseph Smith was a spiritual expert; he

was Christ's prophet, and his teachings are not mere opinions;

they are the revelations of God; they point out the way of

eternal life.

Jesus said: "I came forth from the Father, and I return

unto the Father."We all came forth from him, and the reasons

why we came are summed up in a wonderful revelation to the selection from the Book of Abraham, whichProphet Joseph—a

Joseph translated:

Now the Lord had shown unto me, Abraham, the intelligences that were organized before the world was; and among all these there were many

of the noble and great ones;

And God saw these souls that they were good, and he stood in the midst of them, and he said: These I will make my rulers; for he stood

among those that were spirits, and he saw that they were good; and he

said unto me: Abraham, thou art one of them; thou wast chosen before

thou wast born.

And there stood one among them that was like unto God, and he said unto those who were with him: We will go down, for there is space there,

and we will take of these materials, and we will make an earth whereon these may dwell;

And we will prove them herewith, to see if they will do all things whatsoever the Lord their God shall command them;

And they who keep their first estate shall be added upon; and they who

keep not their first estate shall not have glory in the same kingdom with those who keep their first estate; and they who keep their second estate

shall have glory added upon their heads forever and ever.

Earth Life a School This earth was made for God's children, his spirit sons and daughters, who take bodies and pass through experiences of joy 10 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and sorrow for their development and education, and to demonstrate through time's vicissitudes that they will be true to God and do all that he requires at their hands. Our sainted Eliza

R. Snow gives this wonderful presentation of the purposes of

mortal life:

my Father, thou that dwellest In the high and glorious place!

When shall I regain thy presence,

And again behold thy face?

In thy holy habitation, Did my spirit once reside;

In my first primeval childhood,

Was I nurtured near thy side.

For a wise and glorious purpose

Thou hast placed me here on earth,

And withheld the recollection Of my former friends and birth.

Yet ofttimes a secret something

Whispered: "You're a stranger here;"

And I felt that I had wandered

From a more exalted sphere.

1 had learned to call thee Father,

Through thy Spirit from on high;

But until the Key of Knowledge

Was restored, I knew not why.

In the heavens are parents single?

No; the thought makes reason stare!

Truth is reason, truth eternal

Tells me I've a mother there.

When I leave this frail existence,

Wh3n I lay this mortal by, Father, Mother, may I meet you

In your royal courts on high?

Then, at length, when I've completed

All you sent me forth to do, With your mutual approbation Let me come and dwell with you.

School Being Out, We Go Home That is the whole problem. When we have done the things

that we were sent to do, when we have gained all the experience that this life affords, then is the best time to depart. School

being out, why not go home? The mission ended, why not return? That is what death means to a Latterday Saint. The

only sad thing about it is parting with the loved ones who go, or whom we leave behind. Surely there is nothing sad in reuniting with dear departed ones—those who have gone before,

or those whom we left when we came here. We have to part

with our dear ones; that is what makes death sad. But it is

A LESSON FROM THE BOOK OF JOB 11

I simply a passing into the spirit world, to await the resurrection, righteous towhen our bodies and spirits will be reunited—the

enjoy the presence of God. They will be here to greet him when

he comes, or else be with him when he conies to reign over the earth.

If we can be patient and resigned, and by God's help do his holy will, all will come out well. Trials purify us, educate

us, develop us. The great reason why man was placed upon

the earth was that he might become more like his Father and

God. That is why we are here, children at school. What matters it when school is out and the time comes to go back home?

God bless you, Sister Clive; bless your children; bless your

absent soldier boy; bless all your kindred and friends. May

peace rest upon this house and descend like the dews of heaven upon your souls!

Our Battle Song

We've answered the call of our Nation, boys,

We're marching to the fife and drum.

We're defending our Nation's rights, boys,

Like our fathers at Lexington.

Then march to the tune of the fife and drum,

For Liberty's light shall rule the world,

And oppression soon must die.

We've answered the call of the world, boys.

For equal rights for man, That Liberty's flag may be unfurled,

On the sea and on the land.

Then march to the tune of the fife and drum,

With Stars and Stripes on high,

For Freedom's cry is heard round the world,

And tyranny soon must die.

We've answered the call of Heaven, boys,

To prepare this world for the Son

The Prince of Peace—who soon will reign

O'er every land and tongue.

Then march to the tune of the fife and drum,

And raise your standard high, For Freedom's light shall rule the world,

And oppression forever die.

Mary Isabel Tanner.

Underwood & Underwood, New York

WILSONPERSHING MEDALS

French appreciation of two of our greatest Americans was sent to us in concrete form when Alan R. Hawley, president of the Aero Club of America, received two bronze medals, one of President Wilson and the other of

General Pershing, from the French designer, J. P. Le Gastelois. On one side

of the first is an excellent likeness of the President in bas relief, and on the reverse side is a design of an American eagle and the United States shield with the words, E Pluribus Unum. At the sides and bottom of this are the

words, Liberty, Justice and Peace. On the other medal is a bas relief of

General Pershing, the reverse side showing a delicate design of American soldiers marching to the front with the Stars and Stripes, with airplanes soaring above and a big cannon in action. Below are the words, For Honor

and Liberty of Nations. The portraits were made from photographs furnished the artist by Mr. Hawley.

THREE OR50N5 By Junius F. Wells

Among my Christmas presents there came to me two volumes writen by a distinguished Belgian author. These I essayed

to read by night, as was my custom, after going to bed. I had

finished one volume and was upon the second. It is not my purpose here to criticize the mystic writings of modern social philosophers of the world, but only to say that I found little of interest or pleasure in the perusal of these two volumes. The themes,

it seemed to me, were treated in such a way as to involve the mind in a maze of mental effort, rather obscuring than illuminating the thoughts that should inform and direct to knowledge suggesting a depth and profundity of the author's mind which language was not quite fit or able to clearly sound. As I do

not believe there are any such depths or is any such profundity of the human mind, the employment of words, however beautiful they are, to suggest it seems affectation, and it becomes tedious and excessively tiresome reading an author who persists in it.

Whether right or wrong and whether the fault of this author or the translator or, as well might be, the limitation of my own intelligence, such was the effect upon me, and I labored wearyingly, groping for the author's meaning—ever learning but never

coming to the knowledge of its truth.

In this feeling I must have fallen asleep or dropped into a momentary doze, from which I suddenly awoke and found myself sitting bolt upright in bed, the book fallen from my hands and these words upon my lips, uttered audibly: "Three Orsons."

I was amazed. I could recall no dream. It was not possible

14 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to connect them with what I was reading. I had never before

thought of the three eminent men together, whose names I had now spoken, but instantly they came to my memory: Orson

Hyde, Orson Pratt, Orson Spencer. Then I began to muse and

wonder. Why had this thing happened? What caused it?

What did it signify? Then the oddity of the name struck me

"Orson."What was its origin and particularly how strange that

it should be the common name of the three most distinguished scholars and doctrinaires, preachers, missionaries, elders, apostles of the "Mormon"Church, contemporaries of their period, reaching from before the founding of the foreign missions to the establishment of the Latterday Saints as "a mighty people in the midst of the Rocky Mountains."

For days following I thought of this name and especially of the three notable men it stood for. I also recalled several

namesakes of theirs, men of the later generations known to me of the community, ofpersonally—there were many these—in

whom I had heard or read. There were Orson Pratt, Jr., Orson

Arnold, Orson Spencer Clawson, Orson Spencer Clawson, Jr.,

Orson Smith, Orson Rogers, Orson Whitney, Orson F. Whitney,

Orson Woolley, Orson Romney, and others.

Upon searching the Hyde, Pratt and Spencer genealogies, I found that neither of the families had the name Orson in it.

These three were the first to receive it. They were not related

to each other. Orson Hyde was born in Connecticut, Orson Pratt

in New York and Orson Spencer in Massachusetts.

I was in New York at the time and so resorted to the Public Library, but even there found among the hundreds of thousands of volumes no book whose title began with "Orson,"and no encyclopedia that had it. Quite by accident, however, in going through the card index of 'the initial V, I came upon the

title "Valentine and Orson,"and when I asked and signed for the volume, I was called into the wire cage where only the rare books are put into the hands of strangers. I found the volume

given me was very small, bound in cloth, much soiled, as though often handled, and when I opened it, I was surprised at the disclosure of its title page, which is as follows:

VALENTINE AND ORSON A romantic melodrame As performed at the TheatreRoyal Covent Garden Price one shilling and sixpence

Written by T. Dibdin

Produced under the direction of

Mr. Farley, London.

Pr. and Pub. by Barker and Son

Dramatic Repository, Great Russell St. 1804.

THREE ORSONS.15

Upon the succeeding page the following quaint dedication:

To Charles Farley—As a feeble though sincere acknowledgment for

his professional exertions, unremitting zeal, attention and assiduity, in the stage arrangement of the following bagatelle its pages are most cordially inscribed by T. Dibdin.

The Ladies and Gentlemen who have so eminently distinguish'">l themselves in the performance are also respectfully desired to accept, as they most amply merit, the Author's best thanks.

Upon the next page the following:

Characters Pepin, King of France Mr. Corey

Henry, Hautrey (his relatives) Mr. Klarent and Mr. Clement

Valentine (a foundling) Mr. Farley

Orson (a wild man) Mr. Dibdin

Blandiman (squire to the Empress) Mr. Chapman

Peers of France, Citizens of Orleans, Peasants, Pages and Pilgrims

Alexander (Emperor of Greece) Mr. Field

Princess Eglantine Mrs. St. Leger

Empress Belisanta (sister to the King) Mrs. Dibdin

Fiorimanda Mrs. Frederick

Agatha Mrs. Martyn

Agramont (the Green Knight) Mr. Bologna

Ferragus Mons. Le Grand

Facolet (the Genius) Master Menage

The scenery by Richards, Phillips, Whitmore and Hollogan.

The decorations and machinery by Goostreen, Sloper and Cresswell."

The following is a synopsis of the play, which was also a spectacle with musical accompaniment. It was produced at the

Philadephia theatre under management of Warren and Wood and the copy of the book is evidently that used by the prompter, being copiously marked throughout, as prompters'copies usually are:

Belisanta, sister to King Pepin of France and wife of the

Emperor Alexander of Greece, is described as lovely and virtuous. She is, however, spitefully traduced to the Emperor by his

priest, whose unholy overtures to her had been rejected and scorned. The Emperor being deceived, directs that she be slain

for her supposed infidelity, but later modifies the decree of death to banishment with only a single attendant, her squire, the faithful Blandiman, who advised her to seek the Court of

Pepin for a home and refuge. They journey thither and reach

the forest of Orleans. Here Blandiman leaves her while he goes

to ascertain if King Pepin will receive and protect his sister.

During his absence the unfortunate Empress is brought to the supreme ordeal of motherhood and twins are born, there in the forest. She is presently attacked by a most hideous bear, by

whom one of the babes is seized and carried away. In her

agony she leaves the other and follows in pursuit of the bear.

16 IMPROVEMENT ERA

While she vainly seeks to overtake the beast and rescue her child, King Pepin, who was hunting in the forest with members of his court, comes upon the one she left. He is strangely moved

when he beholds this babe and declares he loves it and that it shall be brought up in gentleness as his own son, and orders it to be taken to the palace.

When Blandiman returns in search of his mistress, he finds her in this wretched plight, having given birth to twin sons only to be so tragically bereft of them. He reports that King Pepin

believes the slanders that had caused her banishment and refuses to receive her. She prays that she might die, but Blandiman

persuades her to seek refuge in Portugal, where, at the castle of the Giant Ferragus she finds refuge and lives in the obscurity of a nunnery for many years.

In the meantime the babe taken by King Pepin, who names him Valentine, as he was found on St. Valentine's day, grows to

manhood, a refined gentleman and gallant soldier; and the other

babe is nursed by the bear, and grows up a wild man of the woods, ultimately receiving the name Orson, a corruption of

Ursini, meaning son of a bear.

Now Valentine has been sent to the wars against the Saracens and in course of time returns victoriously. He is greatly

honored, and the King's relatives, Henry and Hautrey, become jealous of his distinction. The King makes a feast in honor of

his great victory, and offers in gratitude to grant any request of his subjects that may be made of him on that day. The people

who have been terrified by the bear and the wild man of the woods, ask for their destruction, and Henry and Hautrey taunt

Valentine (hoping he will be killed) to undertake the venture.

He valorously agrees to seek and destroy the bear and the wild man, and sets out for that purpose.

Presently Valentine and Orson meet and engage in mortal combat, Valentine with gleaming sword and polished shield, and the skill of a trained soldier, against the brutal strength of the wild man, who pulls up a young tree for a club, as his only weapon. In the fray that ensues the bear is killed, and Orson,

wounded, is overcome and carried away in triumph to the

King's palace. Here he is washed and dressed as a human being

and made much of, but often becomes angry and wildly runs amuck.

About this time the Duke of Acquitaine arrives and begs help from King Pepin against the pagan sorcerer Agramont (the

Green Knight), who has captured and holds his daughter a prisoner. This Green Knight is supposed to have a charmed life

and has insolently challenged all comers to fight for the lady, agreeing that she shall be given to any knight who is able to defeat him. He has already overcome twenty knights that had

THREE ORSONS 17

fought for her. Valentine volunteers. This, however, worries

Eglantine, who is his affianced bride. She thinks the lady for

whom twenty knights have fought and been defeated must possess charms that, should Valentine succeed, might also win him from her, as she has promised to wed the knight that rescues her.

Eglantine, therefore, secures Valentine's armor and sets out ahead of him, to strive on her own account to overthrow the

Green Knight. She has heard the legend that "no man nursed

by woman can subdue this pagan,"and surmises that a woman dressed as a man might. She says, "Perhaps it is his fate to fall

by woman."Agatha, her maid, quaintly observes, "He

wouldn't be the first if he did."She meets the knight and is

easily overcome and is about to be killed when Valentine and

Orson come upon the scene. They had been hindered on the

way by Henry and Hautrey, who ambushed and tried to slay

Valentine. Orson came to his rescue, however, making short

work of the envious brothers, and together they hastened to encounter the Green Knight. Valentine is about to engage in

the combat when he observes the words on the Green Knight's shield: "This shield protects a prince not nursed by woman,"

and hastily bids Orson seize the shield, which he alone has strength to do, and fights with Agramont whom he quickly slays.

At this dramatic climax the genius Pacolet appears and, descending from the clouds on a flying horse, informs everybody that Valentine and Orson are brothers, that their mother

Belisanta is and always was an exceedingly virtuous and lovely lady, that the Emperor of Greece has discovered his mistake and is on his way to make amends. By a wave of the Genii's

wand Orson is suddenly endowed with reason and weds the rescued Florimanda, while Valentine and Eglantine are married and live happy forever after. Curtain and music. That is the

play.

It was months after reading this, upon returning to Utah, I asked my friend Spencer Clawson if he knew the origin of the name Orson, and to my surprise he replied that it was from the title of a fairy story: "Valentine and Orson,"and that he had

a copy, a little book given to him when a child by his mother for a Christmas present. He said he would let me take it, that

he had it somewhere but had not seen it for years. He looked

among his old books for it and told me afterwards that he had not suceeded in finding it; that it was not really lost nor destroyed and he would yet find it for me, but he never did. This

was only a few days before his sudden death. Dear old Spencer!

His name was Orson also, after his grandfather.

With this clue I followed the matter through the public library here and presently found that while no separate volume 18 IMPROVEMENT ERA

was given to it, the story, under different titles, appeared, variously told in several volumes of fairy tales, and I derived the encyclopedia information that it originated in the Charlemagne period and was actually printed as early as A. D. 1495, just a

few years after the first books printed from movable type. That

it had great popularity about the beginning of the nineteenth century in England and naturally a succeeding vogue soon after in America. That is about the time when our Three Orsons

were coming into the world, and their devoted mothers were seeking heroic names for their unequalled offspring.

This, I take it, accounts for their names, but why should they have sprung from my lips in the manner I have related?

I can only surmise, from the impression that I then received and that persists with me, that these were extraordinary men, that their lives, their ministry, their sermons and writings deserve from me, at least, a closer study, a more familiar acquaintance and that I should find especially in their writings matter of better import, a Divine inspiration, more needful and helpful to me than the perusal of the popular authors of volumes of fine phrases, which sound pleasant enough to the ear, but lack the vigor of the inspired message, which illuminates the writings of the Three Orsons, who wrote and spoke, "not as the Scribes and Pharisees, but as men having authority."

Having this impression and that the lesson should be driven home, it has been my pleasure and greatly to my benefit, that I have searched the histories and biographies, the sermons and writings of these three men. They are wonderful! Very few in

the history of the world more so. They were called and raised

up by the Lord to perform missions of extraordinary interest.

They carried the Divine message to men and peoples that none others were so peculiarly qualified to convey. There is not space

to do more than quote briefly from the ministry of each a single incident or utterance; but these are of such a sublime character

that they are bound to impress the reader with the fact that the

Three Orsons were inspired servants of the Most High. They

were commissioned and empowered to say and do the things that distinguished their lives, by the gifts and powers of the Spirit of God, which surpasseth the understanding of the most brilliant of men, and is as far above such as the heavens are above the earth.

Orson Hyde, born 28th January, 1805, died 28th November, 1878, was one of the original Twelve Apostles, chosen by the

Three Witnesses to the Book of Mormon and ordained to that office by Oliver Cowdery. In the course of his long ministry, I

have selected the following prophetic incident, which he had foreseen in a vision, as of timely interest, now that Palestine,

THREE ORSONS 19

the Holy Land, is being redeemed "by nations and people that have found favor in the sight of the Lord."

April 6, 1840, at Nauvoo, Orson Hyde addressed the congregation. He

stated that it had been prohesied some years ago that he had a great work to perform among the Jews and that he now intended to visit the Jews in

New York, London and Amsterdam and then to visit Constantinople and the Holy Land.

Pursuant to this purpose, he proceeded slowly and after suffering much hardship and passing through many dangers he reached his final destination, and accomplished "the great work"spoken of: the dedication of Palestine for the return of the Jews,

according to the prophecies of old and the promise of God in these latter days. I quote from his Journal:

On Sunday morning, October 24, 1841, a good while before day, I arose from sleep and went out of the city (Jerusalem) as soon as the gates were opened, crossed the brook Kedron and went upon the Mount of Olives and there in solemn silence, with pen and ink and paper, just as I saw in the vision, offered up the following prayer to Him who lives forever and ever.

This dedicatory prayer is long and prophetic. It will serve

our present purpose, which foretells actual present conditions and the imminent realization of all that was hoped and prayed for, to quote from it but two or three paragraphs:

Grant, therefore, O Lord, in the name of thy wellbeloved Son, Jesus

Christ, to remove the barrenness and sterility of this land, and let springs of living water break forth to water its thirsty soil. Let the vine and olive

produce in their strength, and the figtree bloom and flourish. Let the land

become abundantly fruitful when possesed by its rightful heirs; let it

again flow with plenty to feed the returning prodigals who come home with a spirit of grace and supplication; upon it let the clouds distil virtue and

richness, and let the fields smile with plenty. Let the flocks and the herds

greatly increase and multiply upon the mountains and the hills; and let

thy great kindness conquer and subdue the unbelief of thy people. Do thou

take from them their stony heart, and give them a heart of flesh; and

may the sun of thy favor dispel the cold mists of darkness which have beclouded their atmosphere. Incline them to gather in upon this land according to thy word. Let them come like clouds and like doves to their windows. Let the large ships of the nations bring them from the distant isles;

and let kings become their nursing fathers, and queens with motherly fondness wipe the tears of sorrow from their eyes.

Thou, O Lord, did once move upon the heart of Cyrus to show favor unto Jerusalem and her children. Do thou now also be pleased to inspire

the hearts of kings and the powers of the earth to look with a friendly eye towards this place, and with a desire to see thy righteous purposes executed in relation thereto. Let them know that it is thy good pleasure to restore

as its capital, and constitute the kingdom unto Israel—raise up Jerusalem

her people a distinct nation and government, with David thy servant, even a descendant from the loins of ancient David, to be their king.

Let the nation or that people who shall take an active part in behalf of

Abraham's children, and in the raising up of Jerusalem, find favor in thy sight. Let not their enemies prevail against them, neither let pestilence nor

famine overcome them, but let the glory of Israel overshadow them, and 20 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the power of the Highest protect them; while that nation or kindom that

willword—"Yea,not servethosetheenationsin thisshallgloriousbe utterlywork wasted."must perish, according to thy

Orson Pratt, born 19th September, 1811, died 3rd October, 1881. He became an apostle, one of the original Twelve

chosen by the Three Witnesses and ordained by them. He

was a famous scholar, especially learned in the higher mathematics, a lecturer on astronomy, an authority on the Holy

Scriptures. No man perhaps had a better knowledge and understanding of the Scriptures. An author of many pamphlets

and tracts on doctrine; a preacher of magnetic power, whose

analyses of the ancient prophecies and their fulfilment made his discourses notable, above any others delivered by his contemporaries. His whole life was devoted to the ministry, in

fulfilment of the revelation of the Lord through the Prophet

Joseph, from whose history it is enough to quote the following:

In the fore part of November, 1830, Orson Pratt, a young man nineteen years of age, who had been baptized at the first preaching of his brother

Parley P. Pratt, September 19th (his birthday) about six weeks previous, in

Canaan, New York, came to inquire of the Lord what his duty was, and received the following answer:

"A Revelation to Orson Pratt, given November, 1830:

"1. My son Orson, hearken and hear, and behold what I, the Lord God,

shall say unto you, even Jesus Christ your Redeemer;

"2. The light and the life of the world; a light which shineth in darkness and the darkness comprehendeth it not;

"3. Who so loved the world that he gave his own life, that as many as

would believe might become the sons of God: wherefore you are my son,

"4. And blessed are you because you have believed;

"5. And more blessed are you because you are called of me to preach

my gospel, "6. To lift up your voice as with the:ound of a trump, both long and

loud, and cry repentance unto a crooked and perverse generation, preparing the way of the Lord for His second coming;

"7. For behold, verily, verily, I say unto you, the time is soon at hand

that I shall come in a cloud with power and great glory, "8. And it shall be a great day at the time of my coming, for all nations shall tremble.

"9. But before that great day shall come, the sun shall be darkened,

and the moon be turned into blood, and the stars shall refuse their shining, and some shall fall, and great destructions await the wicked:

"10. Wherefore lift up your voice and spare not, for the Lord God

hath spoken; therefore prophesy, and it shall be given by the power of the

Holy Ghost;

"11. And if you are faithful, behold, I am with you until I come:

"12. And verily, verily, I say unto you, I come quickly. I am your

Lord and your Redeemer. Even so. Amen."

Orson Spencer, born 14th March, 1802, died 15th October, 1855. From his youth up he was of feeble physique, having an

afflicted body, but with a mind of extraordinary brilliance and energy. He graduated from the Lenox Academy, at the head

THREE ORSONS 21

of his high school class, and from Union College, the most famous of denominational colleges in America, with honors. He

took the further classical course and his doctor's degree at the

Hamilton Theological College, and became a minister of the

Baptist Church, as which he served with high honor and distinction for fourteen years. For a time he read law. His associates

were college men. His social and professional standing was perfectly secure, among the best of the educated, refined, religious

people of his native state and nation. From these conditions,

through the ministry of his brother Daniel, an elder of the

Church, he was converted to "Mormonism."He gave the remainder of his life to its propaganda, as teacher, preacher, editor

first to attempt toand author. He was a great missionary—the

open a mission in Prussia, but was rejected there and banished. He was president of the European mission, 18471848,

succeeding Elder Orson Hyde, 18461847, and was himself succeeded by Elder Orson Pratt, 18481851. The three Orsons in

succession.

His most notable literary contribution, by which his name and reputation is made forever secure among the highest honored of the disciples of the Lord in these latter days, is the series of doctrinal discourses known as Spencers Letters, which has been continuously published, as one of the standard Church works, since 1847. From it the following selection tells of the

author's conversion to the gospel and sufficiently reveals the vigor of his character and superb quality of his scholarship:

As you kindly say, I have always been accustomed to offer a reason for my faith; but be assured I was confounded and made dumb, when asked

I taught that revelawhy I taught another gospel than what Paul did—why

tion was ended, when Paul did not—or why I taught that prophets were not

needed, when no inspired teacher ever taught such a doctrine. Error may

become venerable by age, and respectable from the number of its votaries, it truth. but neither age nor popularity can ever make

You give me credit for a conscientious regard for the will of God. It was

this that gave me the victory where many others, I fear, are vanquished. The

Spirit of God wrought mightily in me, commending the ancient gospel to my conscience. I contemplated it with peaceful serenity and joy in believing. Visions and dreams began to illuminate, occasionally, my slumbering

moments; but when I allowed my selfish propensities to speak, I cursed

"Mormonism"in my heart, and regretted being in possession of as much light and knowledge as had flowed into my mind from that source. When

I preached or conversed according to my best convictions, peace reigned in the hearts of those that heard me; at times, however, some were ready to

gnash their teeth, for the truth that they would not receive and could not resist.

I counted the cost, to myself and family, of embracing such views, until

I could read it like the child his alphabet, either upward or downward.

The expense I viewed through unavoidable tears, both in public and private, by night and by day; I said, however, the Lord he is God. I can, I

will, embrace the truth.

22 IMPROVEMENT ERA

When I considered the weakness of the human mind, and its liability to be deceived, I reexamined and held converse with the most able opposers to "Mormonism,"in a meek and teachable spirit; but the ease with which

many, wearing a high profession of piety, turned aside the force of palpable truth, or leaned on tradition or inextricable difficulties, that they could not solve into harmony with their professions, was very far from dissuading me from my new views. What could I do? Truth had taken possimple, Bible truth. It might be asked if Isession of my mind—plain,could not expel it from my door; yes, I could do it; but how would that

harmonize with a sincere profession to preach and practice the truth, by way of example to others? It was a crisis I never shall, I never can forget.

I remember it as an exodus from parents, kindred, denomination, and temporal support. Has any one ever passed such a crisis, he will say, at least,

be careful of Brother Spencer's character and feelings.

Little as I supposed that I cared about popularity, competence, or the fellowship of those who were sincerely in error, when I came to be stretched upon the altar of sacrifice, and the unsheathed blade that was to exscind from all these hung over me with perpendicular exactness; then, then,

brother, I cried unto the Lord to strengthen me to pass through the scene with his approbation.

In conclusion, young men of Zion, who seek to know for yourselves, let nie paraphrase the opening sentence of Rasselas, sometimes called the most notable and perfect prefatory paragraph in English literature:

Ye who listen with credulity to the admonitory whispers of faith, who pursue with eagerness the growing hope of a certain testimony and knowledge, who expect thai age shall perform in these respects the glowing promises of youth, and that the future shall insure your firm establishment in the divine truth, attend to the history, study the sermons and prayers and writings, consider the ministry, give heed to the example and emulate, to the utmost of your endeavor, the lives of the Three Orsons.

They were not content with the learning of the world, which they knew, but sought light at its source, the fountainhead, and found it.

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

Photo bv Leland B. Anderson.

Mt. Agassiz, Utah

Outlines for Scout Workers

By Delbert W. Parratt, B. S.

XXVII—The American Coot

1. Give another name for the American coot.

2. To what general class of birds does he belong?

3. Describe a coot.

4. In what sort of places does he live. What is there about him to

suggest this?

5. Upon what does the coot subsist and how does he obtain his food?

6. Where and of what does it build its nest?

7. Describe the eggs and tell the number to a setting.

8. What are the coot's enemies?

9. Of what use are the white undertail patches?

10. Where are coots found in our valley in summer? In winter?

Mourn, sooty coots, and speckled teals;

Ye fisher heron, watching eels;

Ye duck and drake, wi'airy wheels

Circling the lake;

Ye bitterns, till the quagmire reels,

Rair for his sake.—Robert Burns.

The American Coot lives in muddy places and in consequence is often called the mudhen. He belongs to the Rail

family, several species of which are found in North America.

He measures from fourteen to sixteen inches in length and is of 24 IMPROVEMENT ERA

a general slate color. His head and neck are very dark, but the

edges of his wings, the tips of his secondary feathers, and the undertail feathers are of contrastive white. His stout bill is

also white but fades into bluish toward the end. A peculiar

brown spot marks the upper bill near its tip and one of like color is found directly under this on the lower bill.

In common with other members of the Rail family, our coot has long legs with powerful thighs. These together with his

remarkably long, lobed toes make him exceedingly expert in water, but correspondingly awkward on land. His wings are

short, rounded, and somewhat hollow, thus limiting his flight to that of feeble character and short duration. Owing to this

makeup the mudhen, therefore, spends practically his entire time in water.

A lake or quiet river densely surrounded by rushes or reeds, sluggish streams or muddy ponds are the usual abodes of our coot. He is not common on the Atlantic coast excepting in

the more southern portions, but in the interior and on the prairie sloughs is found in great numbers.

The food, consisting of wild grain, seeds, larvae of insects, fish spawn, snails, worms, and vegetable matter, is usually obtained under water. Sometimes the coot will sink, in grebe fashion, and then take long swims under water with the aid of both

feet and wings.

He is likewise an excellent surface swimmer. While making

over the water he has the peculiar habit of bobbing his head in unison with his leg strokes.

A large amount of gravel seems necessary to help digest the hard seeds swallowed by the coot and for this he is often obliged to leave the muddy regions of the lake. When rising

from the surface, he flutters just above it, pattering along for a distance, his distended feet striking the water constantly, until sufficient momentum is gained to spring into air.

The nest, made of loose rushes, is hidden close to the water.

It is bulky and at times high water carries it down stream. The

coot however remains with the nest until it becomes lodged in friendly reeds or rushes. Under normal conditions a runway of

troddendown rushes is built from the water to the nest and over this the nesting bird goes to and fro with but little hindrance from standing reeds.

In our valley the nest is built in May, June, or July. In it

are laid from eight to fifteen eggs. These are yellowish white

or buff sprinkled, especially around the larger ends, with brownish spots. After three weeks the mother bird leads her large

family into the water. The little ones are clothed in dark

down and from the outset are skillful swimmers.

The young stay near their mother and hide under her wing

OUTLINES FOR SCOUT WORKERS 25

at first shrill call of alarm from the guarding father. The principal enemies for which he is constantly on the alert are duck

hawks, snakes, weasels, and coyotes. The young soon leave

their parents who then devote themselves to rearing a second brood.

The coot is often seen in company with different varieties of ducks. In some instances they feed on grasses and the like

the coot brings to the surface. During nesting season he is very

jealous and will not permit alien swimmers in his neighborhood.

Ordinarily coots are very timid and remain comparatively quiet during the day, but when night approaches they become braver and at times very noisy. Much of their feeding and swimming are

done at night and in these they find it advantageous to associate in flocks. As they bob along over the water their short tails

stick straight up, showing the patches of pure white on the under sides. These white patches, of course, are kept in constant bobbing motion and consequently serve admirably as signals for the coots following behind, thus enabling the night

wanderers to follow through the darkness with but little risk of getting lost from their leaders. In case of alarm, the tails

drop, the white spots are covered, and all remain motionless.

Coots range from Alaska to the West Indies and Central

America. Their spring migrations occur usually in April and

May and those of fall in September and October. Many come

into and leave our valley at these times, but the greater number remain with us throughout the entire year.

.? Mi 1% % - i WW %ht

': ',J\l'i<>

The Home of the Coot Rural Endowment Labor—Its

By Prof. Lowry Nelson

Up to the tasks of the world marches the endless procession of Labor. With its matchless strength and magic touch this

giant army manipulates the wheels of industry, pumps trade through the arteries of commerce, turns the yielding sod, and annually shears the earth of its golden fleece. Work moves the

universe. Labor is the heart of human institutions. Inspired

labor is the summum bonum; the greatest good in the world.

Some labor; some drudge. Some meet and do their tasks

in the light of inspiration, intelligence and faith; some moil in

the dusk of uncertainty, and uninspired necessity. The labor

of some is animated by imagination, the beauties of Nature, the joy of living, and hope of the future; that of others is animated

by nothing. The laborer is supreme in the consciousness of his

own power, and his faith in what the future holds; the drudge

is a victim of the monotony of his toil.

Across the river, nestling close to the western foothills, is a homestead. The house, the barn, the yards, bear the unmistakable signs of poverty. It is early spring after a hard winter.

Two aenemic cows are reaching at the scanty supply of straw on the low shed that is trying to protect them from the incessant wind. A hungry looking dog rushes from the sunny side of the

house to greet you. He indicates that visitors are rare. You

approach the oneroom house built of logs, and rap on the illhung door. After some moments a woman with a child in arms

fearfully opens the door. Beyond her sitting by the stove, is a

man, his head surrounded by fumes of smoke. He is sitting,

elbows on knees, looking into the open oven. He looks around

as you enter, and speaks but does not rise. A girl of eight and

a boy of six, each like the parents, clothed in rags, are sitting on the floor playing. You comment upon the disagreeableness

of the wind, and the uncertainty of the times, which strikes a responsive note immediately. The man slowly assumes an erect

posture, takes two or three puffs on his pipe, and then there is a monologue something like this:

"I never saw such a Godforsaken country. Blow, blow,

blow. It's blowed steady for ten days now without even stopping to get a fresh start. I hitched up and started down the

country the other day, but I only got down the road about a

RURAL LABOR—ITS ENDOWMENT 27

half mile when it blowed so hard and there was so much sand a-flying that I couldn't get the hosses to go any further, so I turned back. Got to get a little something to eat purty quick,

too. Guess I'll try again tomorrow. Can't sell nothin', can't

raise nothin'.""Why not?"you ask. "Too much wind, and

laziness I suppose, to be honest,"he admits.

Around the hill in a little cove that faces to the south, is another homestead. You can tell from a distance that the house

is made of neatlyhewn logs. A small wellconstructed barn,

also of logs, and a high rail fence, give the yards a trademark of permanency and thrift. In a machine shop nearby you hear

the clanging of hammer strokes that tell you industrious hands are at work. You go at once to the source of the noise. A man

is standing at the anvil riveting the jaws on a pitman rod. His

wife, who has just come to call him to the midday meal, is sitting on a nail keg near the forge. Their fiveyear-old son is watching

in childish admiration the mighty hand that is wielding the heavy hammer. The man steps forward with hand outstretched

to greet you as you enter. He introduces his wife and son, and

suggests that you tie yovir horse in the barn out of the wind, and stop and have dinner. Their hospitality is accepted.

The interior of the house delights you. In every detail it

bears evidence of the magic touch of intelligence. You partake

of a simple, yet wholesome and well prepared dinner. You

learn through conversation that this man and woman dream dreams and cast their visions into the future. You find them

deeply interested in the variety and possibilities of their work.

He is glad that spring is being delayed a few days to enable him to get all his machinery repaired before spring work comes on.

The wind is blowing and it is a bleary day, but these happy beings are unconsciovis of it. They are enamored of their work.

They have inspiration sought in the intelligent performance of their tasks, and the vision of the future is theirs.

Through intercourse with great books and the school room, their seeing sense has developed. They are the truly great; the

masterpieces of modern society. The rich endowments of education are theirs; they have drunk at the fountain of knowledge.

Their neighbors around the point will never know the secret ot their success and happiness.

Logan, Utah You Cannot Get Away From Yourself

By Joseph S. Peery, Superintendent Y. M. M. I. A., Liberty Stake

"I am associating with myself all the time, day and night, and I do not want to do anything that myself will not approve."

These words were dropped in a conversation twenty years ago by

United States District Judge Tillman D. Johnson. The event

causing the remark is forgotten, but the writer hopes never to forget the words nor the desire to pass them on to others.

"I am with myself all the time,"relates not only to this earth life existance, but to the existence of all eternity. When a

man does wrong, that wrong is known by at least two persons:

by his Maker in his own image, who breaks his Creator's cornmore he adds to his difficulties, for, either in this life or in the life to come, he must meet them all.

The young man who reasons, "I will have all the fun I can in this life, for I will be a long time dead,"and, acting upon this beguiling thought, who goes into dissipation, who rejects the advice that he is the protector of the girl, and who riotously lives the carnal life as a destroyer of virtue and womanhood, who yields to selfish indulgence and degrades the body made by his Maker in His own image, who breaks his Creator's commandments and finally runs his life course of disobedience, will enter the spirit world with knowledge that he lives, with a keen sense of his wasted life and his defiance of the Almighty. The

great Latterday Prophet Joseph Smith tells us, "The agony of hell is mental. The sinner realizes what he has missed. He

sees others have joy that he might have had, if he had acted and lived differently, and he is his own accuser.

Having the intelligence he had in earth life, he realizes that his condition in the Spirt world is the result of his own actions. Hell of fire and brimstone could not be worse than his

torture of mind. What can be worse than mental agony? Oh,

that he could get away from himself! Oh, that he could go back

to earth life and live over even a small portion of that wasted opportunity! He sees others who have obeyed and served their

Maker, and notes their happiness. This only adds to the realization of what "he has missed."In earthlife he refused to

consider, now he learns fully the meaning of Paul's warning, "Be not deceived; God is not mocked; for whatsoever a man soweth,

that shall he also reap"(Galatians 6:7).

He reaps a crop of regret, remorse, suspense, and a lake of

YOU CANNOT GET AWAY FROM YOURSELF 29

fire and brimstone could not be worse than his agony of mind.

The climax of his misery is the knowledge that his Maker knows his record in every detail and that he must stand before God and be judged according to his works.

Summer has gone and my soul is not saved. My earthlife was one of selfish gratification. I did there as I pleased.

Now I must yield to the demands of justice and pay the penalty to the "uttermost farthing."When I finally "rise and stand

before God,"I will be judged by the book of my life. How

horrible, how unbearable! With such a record, what can I expect?

It is probable in the Spirit World that the sinner has such musings of misery and suspense. The Savior in the nineteenth

section of the Doctrine and Covenants commands us all to repent:

Repent, lest I smite you by the rod of my mouth, and by my wrath, and by my anger, and your sufferings be sore—how sore you know not!

how exquisite you know not! yea, how hard to bear you know not!

For behold I, God, have suffered these things for all, that they might not suffer if they would repent."

But if they would not repent, they must suffer even as I, which suffering caused myself, even God, the greatest of all, to tremble because of pain, and to bleed at every pore, and to suffer both body and spirit.

Such is the latest printed divine word of what we must meet if we will not repent. Every one should deeply consider

these words and not be indifferent to them. They apply to us

all. They mean what they say. The main thing of repentance

only to feel sorry for the sins we commit,is to quit sinning—not

but to "cease doing the things we are sorry for."

Through the wonderful atonement of our Lord and Savior

Jesus Christ, all mankind will rise from the grave sometime the body and spirit will be reunited constituting the soul of man. However, all will not rise at the same time nor go to

the same place. It will be a merit system that Paul compares

to the sun, moon and stars. The Savior says: "In my Father's

house are many mansions."President John Taylor remarked

"We will have to pass by the Gods and the angels, and how sad it would be for a man to come forward and be told, 'Stop and take another course. You have not yet paid the penalty for

your contempt of God's laws and his kindness unto you. You

cannot come forth in the first thousand years. You must wait

"until the second.'

But to the constructive side, and the doctrine of the Lattersit-day Saints is constructive, though we should all look at the uation squarely, yet the splendid fact and blessing exist that

God is merciful. The Bible tells us "God's tender mercies are

over all his works.""God's tender mecies endure forever."

30 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Christ died as a ransom for all.""And I, if I be lifted up

from the earth, will draw all men unto me"(John 12:32).

"Let the wicked forsake his way, and the unrighteous man his thoughts: and let him return unto the Lord, and he will have

mercy upon him; and to our God, for he will abundantly pardon"(Isaiah 55:7).

But as the Book of Mormon warns, "We should not procrastinate our repentence unto the end."This life is a place of

preparation for the next life, one school of development, one part of eternity. Delays are dangerous. We should face the

fact that, either willingly or through suffering, we will all eventually come in harmony with divine law. It does not pay

to defy God's law, for the penalty must be paid to the uttermost farthing. The universe is governed by law. The spiritual domain is ruled by law, and every soul must and will finally yield

obedience to law. How much better it is to humble ourselves

and yield obedience willingly to Almighty God than to be whipped into line through suffering. We have the option. No one

can escape. The Divine Law applies to every one, rich and poor,

high and low, renowned and unknown. God is no respecter of

persons. Whoever obeys the law receives the reward.

So called "Mormonism"is broad and beautiful and hopeful. It does not consign the poor sinner to endless hell. It tells

him that, though the debt must be paid and it is going to be hard enough, bad enough and long enough, yet when justice is satisfied the prisoner is free. It also tells him to do as Sir

Walter Scott said on his dying bed to his sonin-law, Lockhart, "Be a good man."By being good he starts to receive a portion

of his heaven right here in earth life, and is very much further advanced when he dies than to be put into a condition and place of hell to work off a debt for his bad deeds.

Furthermore, the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints helps him mostly by giving him something to do to help others. It teaches him that when he is in the service of his fellow man he is in the service of his God. It proves to him that

he is progressing when he serves others, and he knows full well he is not progressing when he thinks only for himself. The

Church shows him that his exaltation depends largely on his own efforts, that the heaven he gets will be the heaven he earns, and that his safety and happiness depend upon his performance of duty The inspiration of the Almighty is shown in the words of the Koran: "When a man dies those who survive him inquire what property has he left behind, but the angel who bends over the bed of the dving man inquires what good deeds has he sent before."

YOU CANNOT GET AWAY FROM YOURSELF 31

Henry Van Dyke in his Joy and Power appeals to the reader, "Live in the light of knowledge that you live forever. What

are you going to give personally to make the human life of the place where you do your work, purer, stronger, better and more worth living? The question for you is not what are you going

to get out of the world; but what are you going to give to the

world."President B. S Hinckley, of Liberty stake, recently addressed a congregation in these words: "How would a person feel

who goes to the next life and be shown a beautiful mansion he might have had. Instead of that he sees the miserable hut that

he sent up for himself."

"Of all sad words of tongue or pen,

The saddest are these: it might have been."

The Lord is a good Paymaster. How glorious is the reward of those who love and serve their Maker! Through the

centuries the promise of the Good Book has been held up to humanity: "Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, nor hath it

entered into the heart of man, the things which God hath prepared for them who love him."

And the later words of the Savior printed in the Doctrine and Covenants should be borne in mind by everyone: "But

learn this, that he who doeth the works of righteousness shall receive his reward: even peace in this life and eternal life in

the world to come."(Sec. 59: 23.)

Peace in this life is a precious boon, and eternal life is the choicest of all blessings.

Scout Camp, American Fork Canyon, Troop 1, Salt Lake City

T. Geo. Wood, Scout Master

Problems of the Age

Dealing with Religious, Social and Economic Questions and their

Solution. A Study for the Quorums and Classes

of the Melchizedek Priesthood

By Doctor Joseph M. Tanner

XXXIV—Business Life

Credit System.—Is there no end to credit? One hundred and twenty

billion! That is the present indebtedness of the nations at war. The

actual gold reserves which back up these obligations are insignificantly small. Running in debt is a simple thing. We all know what debt

means. Its shifting processes make and unmake men by hundreds of

thousands annually. Debts weaken, too often, the moral status of man.

They embitter him, convert him into a pessimist, and often drive him to court anarchy openly or secretly; more often secretly. How much

anarchy there is in the world can hardly be surmised. It is only when

violence manifests itself and gains the upper hand that its great recruits pour in. The shifting of financial advantages from one country

to another operates to depress individuals as it does nations.

Money is one of the most powerful agents in the world. Its disintegrating spirit spells all sorts of ruin, worse in this age than any other

because there is more dependence upon it. What a money mart Syria

was in the days of Croesus! How the proud Phoenicians gathered the

treasures of the world in their ports on the Mediterranean! In Spain

money talked to all the world. Money in all ages spelled ruin. What

will it spell in ours? Conditions are different; that is true, but the modern financial woild is more sensitive to its disturbance than the ancient

or medieval. Money which is so much coveted is dangerous alike to the

nations that get it as well as to those that lose it, for the one that has lends to the one that needs, and money scarcity is felt everywhere. We

have learned already how a disturbance in the money market affects every class of business, how depositors rush to the bank and draw out their millions. Great money disturbances are certain to come, and it will tax

the wisdom of the world more than it ever has in the past. We may look

for crises.

Shifting the Money Market.—The money centre of the world has been

shifted from London to New York, and England is therefore sure to feel the pinch of the loss of its monetary standing. This is the picture drawn

by the great paper, the London Statist:

"The main cause, of course, of the trouble in which we find ourselves is the refusal of governments of all parties to prepare, though they were fully and clearly warned by the enemy himself.

But we must add that the government was to some extent misled by the London bankers, who, for a quarter of a century previously, had refused, in spite of all warnings and all pressure brought to bear upon them, to increase adequately their reserves. The main cause,

however, of the predicament in which we now find ourselves, is

PROBLEMS OF THE AGE 33

that we, the public of all classes and all conditions, have allowed the idle rich and the mere talking professional classes to monopolize the government of the empire. Consequently, we must frankly admit that a good deal of the discredit rests upon the great public

itself. Will they waken up at last, and recognize that men who

cannot dress themselves of a morning without the help of servants, cannot be expected to do anything that entails a little trouble, however simple it may be, and that gentlemen whose business in life is to talk and to interpret an uninterpretable law, are not likely to be good guides in the days of danger and distress."

Dangers of Chaos.—It may be that we have very few men in Congress

who are unable to dress themselves mornings, but we have a good majority of talking professionals whose business training quite unfits them for the grave responsibility of financial legislation beyond getting appropriations. The raids on our national treasury are often scandalous. The

business men of the United States have withheld themselves from political life, and employed their talents in private enterprise. The United

States will require its most competent men when it faces the payment of twenty billions and much more. Capital is a most capricious thing and

holds in its keeping the employment of millions of men and women whose daily bread depends upon the working machinery of our industrial life.

This machinery will become more sensitive as the big future financial problems confront us. Any displacement or breakup would lead to the

most disastrous results. But if we are to become the financial centre of

the world shall we not have plenty of money for mistakes and extravagance? The trouble is that we are likely to lose our hold on what we get.

The nations of Europe will enter into a fierce competition for the recapture of it. Government operation must be on a scale heretofore unknown to us.

If we deal as wastefully with billions as we one; dealt with millions, and

graft is not replaced by more conservative and honorable methods, the results may prove most disastrous.

Guggenheim, End of Great Fortunes.—In an interview with William

published in McClure's for October, he is reported as saying:

"I believe the end of this war will mark the end of huge fortunes.

After Mr. Rockefeller, it is likely the world will never again see an

accumulation of a thousand million dollars in the hands of one person. War is making us accustomed to profit control. More and more

people are asking, 'Why should anybody get more than a certain reasonable profit out of any enterprise?'As a matter of fact, why

should they?"

Of the incentive to work, he further remarked:

"All men, whether poor or rich, need some encouragement, some stimulation of ambition to make them put forth their best efforts, but remember, it is not to accumulate further millions indefinitely that rich men work. As soon as a man has fifty or sixty thousand a

year to spend, he has about all that money can give him. What he

wants after that is power. He continues to work for the joy he gets

in the exercise of power. In the future our able rich men will find

joy in power by associating themselves with the government, for government is power."

The last sentence is a forecast of our government as a great business agency in the operation of railroads, telegraph lines, steamships, telephones, and other public utilities. How will it work out on the question of capital

and labor? The government will derive its power from labor and it will be

also the capitalist. Such a condition is anomalous, and its workings no man

34 IMPROVEMENT ERA

can foresee, except the endless controversy and bitterness that will be sure to arise out of it. It, like a hundred other problems, will be a new one,

charged heavily for good or evil.

The important thing to remember is that such future conditions, to bring peace, must be based upon a high state of morality and religion. As things

now stand in the world, the new age will be subject to explosive violence of the most destructive kind. Is there nothing but danger in the world, nothing

but violence to hope for? Look about you and see. Is it not an age of

explosives, an age of destruction? If present conditions keep on long we

shall witness more destruction in the war now going on than has been witnessed in all the wars from the beginning of time down to the year 1914.

But will not wealth insure us? Wealth is not a preservation of any kind.

It is laden with danger. The greatest wealth of all time has demonstrated

how horribly destructive it can be, destructive in both life and property. We

say it is the "sinews of war."It is likewise the deathrattle of war.

Rivalry.—What will be the position of the United States financially after

the war? Read further from the London Statist:

"In every direction competitors are growing up. But there are

two who are specially dangerous. First our kinsman across the Atlantic. They are considerably more than twice as numerous as we are

in these islands. They are among the very best business men the

world holds today. And they are in possession of soil which is capable of maintaining five times the population it has at present. They

have therefore illimitable room to spread and to multiply, and they have resources which, with the exception of China, no other country possesses Under any circumstances, therefore, they would distance us in the long run. As it is, three short years of war have suddenly

deprived us of our financial primacy, and threaten to land us in a position in which we shall be dependent upon the lending powers of others, and incapable of lending ourselves."

"The second really formidable competitor is Japan. Her people

are far less numerous than our American kinsmen, and her soil is in no sense equal to theirs. On the other hand, she has a wide territory

now, and she has a people as capable as perhaps any country upon earth. Her trade is growing at a rapid rate, her credit is rising surprisingly well; and above all and as a proof of all, she has been able

to lend to Russia, to France, and to ourselves, while she has supplied

Russia with a very large proportion of the munitions which have enabled Russia to make such fight as she has made up to the present.

There is no scarcity, then, of competent communities to take our place."Dangers of Money.—Money is, and always has been, the firebrand of

war. Two things are necessary for a conflagration: one, proximitv; the

other, competition. American and Japanese possessions are interlaced.

Both nations are proud and avaricious. Can they maintain peace between

themselves? We have witnessed Japan's sensitiveness over her people in

our Pacific States, and we have felt her resentment when our country sent to China the innocent hope that the Chinese might settle peacefully thei* difficulties. Both countries will be rich and equipped for any emergencies.

The latent dangers between them cannot be concealed. Japan has established a sort of Monroe Doctrine with respect to China; but unlike us,

she interfered with the government and resources of China in a way we would not think of doing in South America. There are now serious difficulties between us, difficulties which the war is postponing. Later

they must be adjusted. Besides, China is the coming country

for the exploitation of trade. Two money powers, two financial

PROBLEMS OF THE AGE 35

centers, are already staring each other in the face. Neither is exhausted

or likely to be exhausted by the present war. The heavens, the earth,

and the sea are filled with explosives. Whenever explosives have been

piled up, something or sonn body has tuched them off. They are not

very comforting to contemplation nor to personal relation. You say such

pictures are very, very dark. Very well, then, you draw a bright one. The

trenches are not all in France. Capital and labor are entrenched, the

forces of evil everywhere are entrenched. It is a world of antagonisms.

The money markets of the world are face to face in the trenches. Mammon aspires to unrighteous dominion. Men take desperate chances to get

money, and so do the nations. There is a national life moved by the same

motives that actuate individuals.

We shall be proud to see the money center of the world transferred to our own great financial metropolis. Ninety per cent of all the trouble

in the world has its root in money. It creates, wherever it is abundant,

social, moral, and business trouble. And it is the one thing almost universally craved, notwithstanding its evil associates. Is there no hope?

Yes, there is one hope, and only one, and that is that some day God will bring light to this old earth as he did to its creation.

Revelation.—"And all things shall be in commotion; and surely men's

hearts shall fail them; for fear shall come upon all people"(Doc. and Cov.

88:91; Read also Sees. 70 and 72, Doc. and Cov.)

XXXV—The Negro Question

the negro question. The freeIts Origin.—The Civil War did not end

ing of that race from the bonds of servitude brought about one of the most destructive and hateengendering wars that the world has ever known, and gave rise to what is known in politics as the solid South. During all of

the period of reconstruction the animostities between members of Congress from the north and south were often wholly beyond control, and disputations on the floors of the Senate and House sometimes led to physical encounters. Economic conditions in the early history of the United States

were responsible for the transportation of hundreds of thousands of black men from their home in Africa to the land of freedom and to conditions wholly unlike those to which the black race was inured. It was no fault

of that unfortunate people that they came in contact with the AngloSaxon race. They were creatures of the slave trade carried on generally by

the Arabs in Africa and were the victims of a slavery that is often portrayed as in most instances heartrending.

Liberty is a very precious boon. The lowest of races prize it. The

fit, is one of thefreedom of speech, the right to move about as one sees boons of government for which the world has been struggling for many centuries.

The Prophet Joseph foresaw the war which the negro question would bring about, and his prophetic utterances are historically familiar to all the Saiuts. He would have solved the question by the purchase of the

negro's freedom. Such, however, was not permitted to be (See Era, Dec,

1917, p. 170). The question of whether or not the negro should be free

was a burning question between two important sections of our country—the

North and the South. It was not simply a question of compensation. It

was a question of arguments, of long standing disputations, and of hatreds that had grown out of political conditions in view of the division between the North and the South. It was one of those forces that had passed human

adjustment by any visible means, and it led to a most fearful war, whose 36 IMPROVEMENT ERA

consequences in our national hatred have been felt for more than a generation.

Effects of Emancipation.—One extreme often follows another. The

negroes were lifted out of a condition of servitude and placed not only into a new world of social and financial freedom, but were given all the political rights which belonged to the white race. They were grossly incompetent, they were unsuited for selfgovernment, and above all, they had

proven no capacity for rule in a government such as ours was. That was

no fault of theirs, unless it may be said that it was a race incapacity.

There has been a world of discussion as to whether it was a wise thing, politically or economically or socially to do. The question has been

thrashed out for upwards of fifty years on the floors of Congress. However, it is an acknowledged fact, at times it brought the people of the

North and the South to the verge of armed forces. Unhappily, the question is not solved in our own day and there are prospects of future troubles which give anxiety to the best, most thoughtful minds of our age.

The question will not down. It confronts us in numerous ways, and all

the time there is a world of hatred growing out of the differences between the black and the white races. Hatreds in time bear fruitage. They have

their evil consequences to future generations. They are a part of our inheritance, and thus we go on accumulating, year after year, the most dangerous explosives to our social, economic, and governmental life. Even

now the last echoes of an awful tragedy between the negroes and the whites at St. Louis has not died away. Our government is, at this writing,

carrying on the trial of colored soldiers who in Texas made a raid upon one of the cities and killed a number of inhabitants. Wherever the negroes find themselves at any advantage whatever they are quick to resent

the wrongs which they believe, and which they have been taught to believe, have been piled upon them for generations. We have frequent accounts of the burning of negroes at the stake. Many of that unfortunate

race have been led in ignorance to commit outrages upon whites—outrages

is a psychologthat are not entirely unknown to the white race—but there

ical barrier between the two. What is done by the one is unspeakably more

horrible than that committed by the other, and the ethnological barriers between the two have no prospect of breaking down.

offIntermarriage.—All practices of intermarriage have brought the

spring of the two races completely on the side of the colored man, and even when this intermarriage is carried on for a number of generations, eliminating almost entirely the color of the skin, the socalled "taint of the blood"is there. The gulf between them is impassable.

The Irrepressible Conflict.—For a long time the people of the North,

out of the zeal of the Civil War, were the advocates of negro rights. They

resented through the press what they considered the unjust treatment of the black man and his failure to receive the political recognition that was rightfully due him. The negro question was the absorbing question of

the South. More and more it is invading the North. Into all the large

cities large numbers have migrated, only to be compelled to occupy certain districts isolated for their habitation. In the North it is also becoming an industrial question. The black man is not invited into the great

labor unions; as a rule he is excluded from a large number of employments; he is often discriminated against in the schools. The ideals, therefore, which certain northern people erected with respect to their unfortunate colored brethren of the south, have not been successfully carried out.

They are not today, so far as human interest can aid, capable of any satisfactory realization.

is therefore becoming The Economic Phase.—The negro question

PROBLEMS OF THE AGE 37

more and more an economic one, and it is doubtful if the North will be any better able to solve the problem than the people of the South have been. In such antagonisms there is always more or less injustice. Views

necessarily become extreme, and extreme convictions lead to unjust results and violent antagonisms. These antagonisms are growing. The problem

looms up on all sides. Violence is done to the black man, sometimes by

the black man to the white man. Growing hatreds can mean nothing less

than growing violence. Violence begets war, and there are not a few

who sincerely believe that as soon as the negro feels himself competent to strike, he will strike in the most dangerous manner. We are bringing him into our armies. We are drilling him to fight. We call upon him

to offer his life in any war to which his country may be a party. He

fought, and fought valiantly, in the war against Spain, and will be found by the thousands in the ranks of the American army now in or moving to

France.

The question is full of pathos. What shall be done? What can be

done? In the days of Noah, the daughters of man were fair to look upon

and the children of God married them. This led to the flood. A mixture

of races at that time, as we understand from our religious doctrines, between the dark and the white races, led to the destruction of the human race. We do not believe in the mixture of these two races. All experience forbids it. Our religious teachings give us fundamental reasons for

the differences which should be maintained.

The movement of the negro is now growing rapidly from the farms which he has cultivated to the large cities in which he is becoming an important factor. In the North he enjoys his political franchise. He may

exercise it in such a way as to compel at least some measure of political respect; but that franchise freely exercised in the North, carries with it

dangers that may lead to violence even among those who have been the most professed friends of the negro. In the South the views of the representatives of this race are irreconcilable.

Conflicting Views.—I quote here from an address of Senator Jas.

K. Vardaman, from Mississippi:

"But the door of hope might have remained closed so far as the progress of the negro was to make for himself was concerned. He has

never created for himself any civilization. He has never risen above

the government of a club. He has never written a language. His

achievements in architecture are limited to the thatchedroofed hut or a hole in the ground. No monuments have been builded by him

to body forth and perpetuate in the memory of posterity the virtues of his ancestors.

"For countless ages he has looked upon the rolling sea and never dreamed of a sail. In truth, he has never progressed, save and except

when under the influence and absolute control of a superior race. His

opportunities have been great. The negro helped to build the temples of Rameses, he polished the columns of Karnak, he toiled at the

hundredgated Thebes, he was touched by the tides of civilization that swept across the Eastern Hemisphere in the forenoon of the ages, and yet it made no more impression upon him as a race than a drop of water on the oily back of a duck. He is living in Africa todav, in the

land where he sprang, indigenous, in substantially the same condition, occupying the same rude hut, governed by the same club, worshiping the same fetish that he did when the Pharaohs ruled in Egypt.

He has never had any civilization except that which has been inculcated by a superior race. And it is a lamentable fact that his civilization lasts only so long as he is in the hands of the white man who in38 IMPROVEMENT ERA

culcates it. When left to himself he has universally gone back to

the barbarism of the jungle.

"Let us consider his condition in Haiti. It will throw a flood of

light upon our own American problem. The negro acquired control

of this island more than 100 years ago. Thomas Jefferson said: 'This

will test the negro's capacity for selfgovernment.'

"With his usual prescience and foresight, Jefferson predicted failure. But he said: 'Let him try it. We will help him.'

"Haiti was at that time the gem of the Antilles. The most magnificent cane fields, coffee plantations, and fruit groves graced the

landscape of that delightful little island. Now shift the scene. Look

at Haiti today, after 100 years of negro rule. After 100 years of assistance by the white man—assistance with money, with example, precept, and all of those superior virtues which characterized the civilization of the white race, what do we find there today? Sir Spencer St.

John, who represented the English government at Port au Prince for twenty years, wrote a book entitled, Haiti, or Black Republic. When

this English officer first visited Haiti he looked with compassion upon the black man. He thought he had been denied an equal chance

in the race of life. He thought he had been the victim of slavery

that the elements of manhood had been stifled by such oppression as some of the distinguished senators on this floor in this debate have called attention to as having been practiced in the Southern States of America. Yes; he thought 'the negro was a sunburned Yankee,

who had not been given a square deal.'

"Sir Spencer St. John remained as the representative of his government at the court of the black republic for twenty years. He made

a close study of the question. He informed himself as to the racial

peculiarities of the negro, and his testimony to the world is that the negro is incapable of selfgovernment. He is incapable of sustaining

a civilization all his own. Further, he says:

"'After an experience of 100 years, Haiti has proved a failure.

There is no semblance of civil government there, except in the seaports, which are dominated by whites and mulattoes.'

On the other hand, W. E. B. DuBois, an eminent leader of the colored

race, speaking of the results of the prejudice which held down the people of his race, writes as follows:

"No matter how well trained a negro may be, or how fitted for work of any kind, he cannot in the ordinary course of competition hope to be much more than a menial servant.

"He cannot get clerical or supervisory work to do save in exceptional cases.

"He cannot teach save in a few of the remaining negro schools.

"He cannot become a mechanic except for small transient jobs, and cannot join a trades union.

"A negro woman has but three careers open to her in this city:

domestic service, sewing, or married life.

"As to keeping work:

"The negro suffers in competition more severely than white men.

"Change in fashion is causing him to be replaced by whites in the better paid positions of domestic service.

"Whim and accident will cause him to lose a hardearned place more quickly than the same things would affect a white man.

"Being few in number compared with the whites the crime or carelessness of a few of his race is easily imputed to all, and the reputation of the good, industrious, and reliable suffer thereby.

"Because negro workmen may not often work side by side with

PROBLEMS OF THE AGE 39

white workmen, the individual black workman is rated not by his own efficiency, but by the efficiency of a whole group of black fellow workmen which may often be low.

"Because of these difficulties, which virtually increase competition in his case, he is forced to take lower wages for the same work than white workmen.

"Men are used to seeing negroes in inferior positions; when

therefore, by any chance a negro gets in a better position, most men immediately conclude that he is not fitted for it, even before he has a chance to show his fitness."

"If, therefore, he set up a store, men will not patronize him.

"As to his expenditure:

'The comparative smallness of the patronage of the negro, and the dislike of other customers, make it usual to increase the charges or difficulties in certain directions in which a negro must spend money.

"He must pay more house rent for worse houses than most white people pay.

"He is sometimes liable to insult or reluctant service in some restaurants, hotels, and stores, at public resorts, theaters, and places of recreation, and at nearly all barber shops.

"As to his children:

"The negro finds it extremely difficult to rear children in such an atmosphere and not have them either cringing or impudent: if he

impresses upon them patience with their lot, they may grow up satisfied with their condition; if he inspires them with ambition to rise,

they may grow up to despise their own people, hate the whites, and become embittered with the world.

"His children are discriminated against, often in public schools.

"They are advised when seeking employment to become waiters and maids. "They are liable to species of insult and temptation peculiarly trying to children.

"As to social intercourse:

"In all the walks of life the negro is liable to meet some objection to his presence or some discourteous treatment; and the ties

of friendship or memory seldom are strong enough to hold across the color line.

"If an invitation is issued to the public for any occasion, the negro can never know whether he would be welcomed or not; if he

goes he is liable to have his feelings hurt and get into unpleasant altercation; if he stays away he is blamed for indifference.

"If he meet a lifelong white friend on the street, he is in a dilemma; if he does not greet the friend he is put down as boorish and

impolite; if he does greet the friend he is liable to be flatly snubbed.

"If by chance he is introduced to a white woman or -man, he expects to be ignored on the next meeting, and usually is.

"White friends may call on him, but he is scarcely expected to call on them, save for strictly business matters.

"If he gain the affections of a white woman and marry her, he may invariably expect that slurs will be thrown on her reputation and on his, and that both his and her race will shun their company.

"When he dies he cannot be buried beside white corpses.

"Any one of these things happening now and then would not be remarkable or call for especial comment; but when one group of

people suffer all these little differences of treatment and discriminations and insults continually, the result is either discouragement, or bitterness, or oversensitiveness, or recklessness. And a people feeling

thus cannot do their best."

49 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The present war will make a heavier demand for the kind of labor the colored man is fitted to do. Thousands will migrate from the south and take

employment surrendered by the call to arms. The whites will return, and

there can be no doubt that they will endeavor to crowd the negro back.

Will they be able to do it? The negro question is full of ugly possibilities.

Negro Excluded from Exercise of Government in Churches.—The negro

race in. the Church are excluded from its government through the priesthood. "Now this king [Pharaoh] of Egypt was a descendant from the loins

of Ham, and was a partaker of the blood of the Canaanites by birth.

"From this descendant sprang all the Egyptians, and thus the blood of the Canaanites was preserved in the land. Pharaoh being a righteous man,

established his kingdom and judged his people wisely and justly all his days, seeking earnestly to imitate that order established by the fathers in the first generations, in the days of the first patriarchal reign, even in the reign of Adam, and also of Noah his father, who blessed him with the blessings of the earth, and with the blessings of wisdom, but cursed him as pertaining to the priesthood"(Book of Abraham 1:21,22,26).

Underzvood & Underwood, New York

AMERICAN TROOPS IN VLADIVOSTOK

One of the first photos to arrive in this country showing the American forces in Vladivostok.

Here are shown American officers and American marines saluting the parade of the Allies in the streets of the Russian city.

The Great Gift

By Eunice Creager

A brakeman on passenger train Number One of the Baltimore and Ohio Southwestern walked briskly down the aisle of the daycoach.

"Washington! Washington! Next stop, Washington!"he

called.

The fat drummer, awoke, suddenly, rubbed his eyes sleepily, and reached for his grip in the parcel rack. The usual stir and

bustle of preparation prevalent in all railway cars began.

In the seat behind the fat drummer, a trim little figure had suddenly grown tense at the word "Washington."With a deft

movement of her small body, she leaned out the window and peered eagerly at the whirling landscape.

Her face framed in its soft brown curls was adorably childlike, the pink and white appleblossom type that is so rare and so exquisitely beautiful. At first glance one would instantly

place her as the petted idol of some rich man's home. A second

glance would reveal the squareness of the firm little chin; the

independent upward tilt of the small nose; the eyes that were

caluclating and a trifle cold. Just now the brown eyes were

warm and tender for, as the train sped by, they had rested a brief moment on Margaret's familiar bungalow. The memory of it

had stood out like an oasis in a desert of desolate years. On

sped the train, past the Hincher Manufacturing Plant, past the hill! A brief glimpse of athere it was at last—the house on

that once was hers; a bit of negbig, gloomy, house—the house

lected lawn; and the train drifted down the hill to the station.

Rita Morrison pushed the rebellious brown curls from her face with a cool little smile of selfcontempt. She was more

moved than she had thought possible.

"Washington! Washington! All out for Washington!"

sang the brakeman.

The fat drummer looked down at the redhaired man who shared his seat. "Well ta, ta, pardner! Here's where I get off.

Don't envy you your trip to St. Louis, believe me! Too many

washouts for yours truly! Looks like it's goin'to rain again.

Gosh darn the luck! Will it ever stop?"

Rita's eyes idly followed the departing drummer. What

caprice had led her to forsake the pullman for the day coach as 42 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the train neared the Washington station? Suppose Larry deadheading somewhere, should walk down the aisle. The thought

sent a shivery thrill'down her spinal column. She smiled ironically at it.

Five years! How long ago it seemed. After all she had

success as an individual. attained what she had sought—freedom,

Her body was well preserved; her mind keen and alert. If she

hud stayed with Larry and catered to his evervarying moods, no doubt she would have been as worn and nerveracked as the little woman approaching down the aisle.

Rita observed that the woman's clothes were neat and attractive; her face sweet and madonnalike. In her arms she carried a sleeping infant. Two sturdy little boys followed close at

her heels.

The young mother hesitated by the seat in front of Rita.

Their eyes met. Suddenly Rita's face went white.

"Margaret,"she gasped.

"Rita! Is it possible?"

Mechanically Rita pulled Margaret down beside her. The

little boys perched themselves on the seat in front and looked back, roundeyed and curious. For a moment Margaret was

speechless, her face a battle ground on which various emotions waged war. "Rita,"she managed to say at last. "How could you? Five

years and not a word! Where have you been all these years?

Why did you leave Larry? Why didn't you write to me?"

Rita leaned over and patted her friend's hand. She was

fighting an emotion the strength of which amazed her.

"Margaret, are these your children?"she evaded. "What a

lovely baby! Is it a boy or a girl?"

Margaret looked with pride at the soft little bundle of helplessness in her arms.

"A girl. Yes, they are all mine; three of them in five years"—she smiled a little ruefully—"but they are well worth the

struggle."Rita marveled at Margaret's attitude, recognizing that quality in her that, even as a girl, had lifted Margaret Brown just a little bit above ordinary mortals.

Margaret's sons were inspecting Rita carefully; her eldest

gravely and dispassionately, her youngest with roundeyed eagerness.

"Muvver!"the latter broke out, suddenly, "am her our wellitive?"He pointed a chubby finger at Rita.

"No, dear, a lifelong friend."

"How long is dat, muvver?"

"A long time, son. You and Rob look at the funnypaper,

THE GREAT GIFT 43

dear."Then as he subsided obediently, "That is Charles, Rita.

We hope to make a lawyer of him. Isn't Robert a big boy now?

He is over five you know. Don't you think he is the very image

of Rob?"Rita looked at the grave little face and smiled. "Yes, he

has his father's fair hair and eyes. How is Rob? Is he on passenger or preferred runs yet?"

"Neither, Rob is not running now. He has an official job

road foreman of engines with headquarters at Cincinnati. He

has a good prospect of promotion soon."

"How lovely, Margaret! I am so glad for you,"Rita heard

herself say. All the while her brain was pondering the reason

for this amazing fact. Vacillating, careless Rob Brown in a

position of that kind! Five years ago everyone had conceded

Larry to be the man for the place should a vacancy occur. What

had become of Larry? She wanted so badly to ask, but pride

locked her lips.

Suddenly Margaret leaned forward and scrutinized her friend's face. "Rita,"she demanded sharply, "why these evasions? Not one question about Larry!"Margaret's eyes traveled from Rita's chic little Paris hat, to the expensive tailormade suit, and back again to her friend's face. There was constraint in Margaret's voice as she faltered:

"Oh, Rita! You have married again!"

Rita laughed shortly. A hard glint crept into the brown

eyes. "No, Margaret,"she answered cooly, "I owe no man for my finery. It is the result of the toil of my own hands, or brain. I

have a Ladies'Shop in New York where I design gowns for the very wealthy. It has been very successful. I marry again?

No. I leave that for Larry to do."

"As if he would! You are the one woman in all the world

for Larry Morrison. Tell me, Rita, what was the trouble?

Surely, you can trust me?"

Rita turned her proud face away. It was some moments before she spoke.

"Didn't Larry show you the letter I left him?"

"No, I am quite in the dark. Five years ago you and Larry

seemed to be doing better than any of us railroad people. You

were renting out your first home and paying for your big home on the hill. Apparently you were devoted to each other. It

was a shock to everyone when you left him. The only thing

Larry would say was that you wanted to be free to live your own life, and it was all his fault. What got into you, Rita?"

Rita Morrison's eyes followed a fellowtraveler, who was staggering down the aisle for water. From the woman's touseled

44 IMPROVEMENT ERA

hair to her bedraggled skirt she was typical of all that dainty

Rita Morrison disliked. It was some moments before she turned

and met the beautifully sympathetic eyes of her friend.

to Margaret bore A great longing to unburden her heart down upon her like a rushing river. It beat upon the dam of

pride and reserve she had builded for herself and found it to be strong indeed.

"What got into me? Discontent,"she answered shortly.

"I do not want to be a slave to any man. I want to live my own

life.""But Rita,"Margaret protested, "you can live your own life.

Marriage is not a slavery. It is a partnership."

Her friend's proud lips curled. "Partnership!"she cried

bitterly. "I have heard that argument before. Margaret, after

all your work for Bob, have you one penny you can really call your own? One penny for which you do not have to account

to him?""Yes, now I have a regular amount each month for my personal expenses, Rita. But it was not always that way."Margaret smiled reminiscently. "However, I kept pegging away

until we made that arrangement."

Rita's firm little chin squared itself. "I did not care to peg

away,"she observed quietly.

Margaret smiled serenely into the sleeping face of her child.

"It is worth it, Rita. After all, a great part of life is made

up of concessions and forbearance. It does not pay to be a

quitter.""It is good to be free, Margaret. Freedom is a great gift."

"And are you happy with your freedom, Rita?"

Her friend's face underwent a subtle change. It was some

moments before she replied.

"Happy? Why shouldn't I be happy? I have a beautiful

apartment in New York, a limousine, a host of friends, and

Madam Rita's salon of fashion is the most frequented place in

New York."There was something like pity for Rita in Margaret Brown's eyes. She pressed her sleeping child closer to her heart and

looked down into its rosy baby face. "Money and things do not

make happiness, Rita. If I didn't know you so well, I would

say you were quite heartless. Not a single question have you

asked me about Larry."

Rita's voice when she replied was carefully schooled to indifference.

"I suppose he is still on the road and the same old Larry?"

"Larry is the oldest man in the pool now. No, he is not

the same. Somehow he has lost his old assurance and grip on

life. He laid off so much to hunt for you that his reputation as

THE GREAT GIFT 45

an engineer has suffered. He told me the other day that he had

about come to the conclusion that you were in England with your

Aunt Ellen, but he could not locate her or get word to her. He

said at one time in his life he had lived only to accumulate money. Now that he knew the worthlessness of it, he lived only

to find you."

"That is like Larry,"commented Rita. "He was ever an

extremist."In spite of herself, however, a faint color stole into

her cheeks.

"Wheatland! Wheatland!"interrupted the brakeman. The

train was slowing into a little station.

"Oh, muwer! muvver!! Him said 'Wheatland; Wheatis danma's town. Dit yo'tap,land! We haf a dit off! Dis

Wob! Tuick! Hurry, muwer!"Charles was dancing up and

down in his excitement.

"Oh Rita,"said Margaret hurriedly, "listen. Mother lives

at Wheatland now. Come and get off with me. I cannot bear

for you to go out of my life like this. Rob is there, now. They

will be so glad to see you. Come Rita, please!"

Rita looked into Margaret's pleading eyes and slowly shook her head. "It is impossible, Margaret. I have a business appointment in St. Louis that cannot be postponed. Promise me

you will not mention this meeting to Larry."

"I shall not do anything of the kind!"exclaimed Margaret,

indignantly. "You are heartless! Oh, Rita, do you honestly

think Larry altogether to blame? Were you not a little in

fault?"The baby awakened by the sudden noises stared wideeyed up into Rita's face. Its rosy little face suddenly dimpled into

a bewitching babv smile. Rita experienced a quick stirring of

the heart at which she vaguely wondered.

"Yes, Margaret,"she replied, quietly. "When we get older

at fault."we see things differently. I was much

"Then come, Rita, and get off with me. We'll send for

Larry. God alone knows how glad he'll be to see you."

Rita laughed a hard little laugh. "How ridiculous you are,

I have Margaret! I do not care to part with my freedom.

life than Larry ever will of his."made more of a success of my

Two red spots began to flame on Margaret's cheeks. "That

is not true!"she flared hotlv. "You have lost all your sense of

values. You are a miserable failure! Not only that, but you

have made Larry fail. In time he could have been superintendent of this road, if you hadn't been a emitter when he needed

gift,'but it is also a great you most. Freedom may be 'a great

loneliness,"and gathering her children together Margaret hurried down the aisle. At the doorway, however, she looked back.

46 IMPROVEMENT ERA

face flushed, eyes filled with tears. Her lips framed the words.

"Write to me."

Rita nodded. More moved than she would confess even to

her own heart, the miserable events of her married life began to flash like a panorama before her mental vision: the purchase

place far above their means; Larry'sof the house on the hill—a

overmastering passion to save money, to accumulate; the soulcrushing grind of making one dollar serve the purpose of two;

the daily strain of her desperate effort to please her husband;

his refusal to sell and his dogged determination to win out; his

unreasonable exactions and irritability of temper under the strain of it; the daily grumbling and faultfinding that fell to her

peaceloving lot; and, last of all, Mrs. Larhurt's suffragette

speech, "The Great Gift,"falling like a match into the powder can of long pentup emotions and ambitions.

Again she was walking slowly homeward from that meeting, acutely conscious of her rundown heels and a threeyear-old tailormade. Larry had said there was no money for clothes that

ruining for paint.winter—the house was

As she let herself into her big, spacious kitchen, Larry's familiar grip and bundle of soiled overalls loudly proclaimed his presence. He had worked in on number 88 and was at the dining room table poring over the bills. With a queer sinking of

the heart, she realized it was payday.

"What does this mean?"he demanded, "silk—$3.25."

"Why I made me a little blouse, Larry,"she faltered, "I had waists are all worn out."to—my

He scowled. She looked down upon him as he sat going

over, item for item, the month's bill. What a faculty he had, she

thought bitterly, of making her feel like a thief. Their lives had

narrowed down to nothing but money and bills. She felt that,

struggle as she might, the net was slowly closing up around her.

Like a trapped animal she stood at bay. A wild longing flamed

up in her soul for freedom from it all. Freedom to live her life

as she wished it to be lived. They quarreled long and bitterly.

The brakeman's voice, sharp and decisive, brought Rita's thoughts back to the present. "All aboard,"he cried. The

train was pulling out of the little station of Wheatland.

With a start Rita Morrison looked out the window for Margaret. A man, happyeyed and eager was helping her friend and

the children into a carriage. He stooped and kissed Margaret.

She said something. He turned quickly, and looked toward the

train. Why! it was Rob! A new Rob, selfassured, confident.

The train sped westward leaving their faces only a memory.

Other memories crowded upon Rita as she sat. Like soldiers

they stepped from out the army of her thoughts, and passed in

THE GREAT GIFT 47

silent review before her: her flight; her two years struggle, alone

in New York; her financial aid from Aunt Ellen, and the little

shop as a result; the success of all her plans.

She a failure? What foolishness! She must invite Margaret up and have her see what a personage Madam Rita, the

designer, was in New York. But Margaret had been right about

tiie loneliness—it had been lonely.

The train lurched around a curve; the engine shrieked out

a challenge to the gray sky.

Rita observed idly that it looked like rain. Strangely enough

she could not drive the thought of Margaret's baby from her mind. A curious warmth enveloped her at thought of it. If she

and Larry had not quarreled girl! Yet How faded and tired Margaret had looked! Poor

when she thought of her friend in the years to come, Rita knew it would be of Margaret surrounded by her happy little family;

of Margaret with her husband's arm about her waist.

Rita pictured her own journey's end. She smiled a little

bitterly. No warm, loving greeting awaited her. Only a bunch

of coolheaded business men, against whom she would match her woman's wit, and wrest a wellearned victory. And Larry had

still.said he was to blame. He loved her

Here was the Vincennes station at last. Several persons got

off, as many more got on, but still the train tarried. Rita glanced

impatiently at her watch. Ten minutes past time now. What

was the trouble?

Outside an excited conductor ran toward the engineer, wildly flashing some orders. A brakeman ran through the car. Passengers began to sit up and question. What was the trouble?

No one seemed to know.

The redhaired man went out to investigate. He soon came

back pale and agitated and bent over his wife.

"A bad wreck ahead,"Rita heard him say, "washout in the

Aliston Bottoms. Freight train went into the water. Engineer

Morrison killed. We might as well get out of here. We'll have

a long wait."

Rita clutched at his shoulder. "What was the name?"she

broke in, "the engineer?"

The man turned and looked at her curiously. "Morrison.

A fellow by the name of Morrison."

A mist swam before her eyes. She moistened her dry lips.

Larry! Oh God, Larry

Already the car was thinning. Mechanically she reached

for her purse, beaten by an overwhelming sense of defeat. In

that selfrevealing moment she realized that back of all her 48 IMPROVEMENT ERA

arrogant pride and hard selfishness had been the thought of a reconciliation—some day, somewhere with Larry.

"Too late! Too late!"puffed the engine. "Too late! Too

late!"echoed the scurrying feet of the passengers. Somehow

she found herself outside.

Larry dead! Surely it could not be. She, an engineer's

wife, knew the false rumors circulating at such times. There

had been an engineer on the road by the name of Morrison. A

wild hope shook her. She clutched at the arm of a passerby.

"What was the name of the engineer that was killed?"

"Morrison. Fine fellow, they say. It's too bad, too bad!"

She walked blindly on. Somewhere there was a ladies'

waiting room. She must sit down before her limbs refused to

carry her.

Farther down the track on the siding which ran parallel with the station, a freight engine stood panting at the water crane. The fireman was taking water. The engineer, oil can in

hand, was carefully inspecting his engine. Suddenly there was

a loud outcry. The oil can fell to the ground.

Startled, Rita wiped the tears from her eyes and looked up.

She groped blindly forward.

"Larry,"she sobbed, "Larry!"

In an instant he was at her side, his steadying arms a T.)out

her. The hurrying crowd passed by unheeded. They were

alone in the universe together, for Knowledge had brushed them as she passed bv, and they knew that love is the greatest gift of all.

Washington, Indiana

Photo by Leland B. Anderson.

Scene in the Vintahs The Meaning of Education

By Dr. E. G. Peterson, President Utah Agricultural College

XII—Democracy Is Love of Justice

The world moves toward greater justice and equality of opportunity. Thousands of years have passed during which grave

injustice has been practiced, first by the biggest physical autocrat, then by the biggest collective autocrat or tribe led by some more acute but not necessarily more righteous chief, then by the biggest national autocrat. The world has sometimes been ruled

b\ forces which were not always just and decent. Higher qualities of intelligence or justice have often been unrecognized. The

result is that very frequently truly great men and women have been crushed into the mire by other men who possessed inferior qualities but whose qualities because of the peculiarities of the time have entitled them to leadership and power. Often such

quality has been only the very gross one of brute force or combativeness coupled with certain mental subtlety or astuteness or political adroitness. Indeed pure bluff and loudness have

played their part in the world.

The result of all this, coupled with the people's lack of education and lack of knowledge of means to reform conditions, and indeed often lack of morality and a clear perception of ideals and unity of purpose, has been to force to the lower strata of society much of the finest blood of the race. Under such a

degree of righteousness as we in America or they in England or elsewhere have been able to make a part of our public law and government, we have seen the wonderful potency of our often socalled lower classes. Indeed from here come in large measure

our religious leaders, our artists, our industrial and financial figures, our statesmen, our philosophers, our inventors, our great teachers, our organizing geniuses and our business leaders. It is

now quite clearly understood that great intellectual and moral qualities such as produce true leadership are inherited. These

qualities do not arise spontaneously out of the slums or elsewhere as life itself does not arise spontaneously from the slime, as it was once supposed to do. Such qualities pass from parent to

child. As a great Percheron was never foaled by an Indian pony

so a great quality of mind or soul never came from inferior parentage. Such qualities exist in the parent or they would not

exist in the child. They have come down through all the ages,

latent in many cases, because they were oppressed by a socia

To be sure, powerfulsystem which prevented their expression.

50 IMPROVEMENT ERA

qualities of mind and character tend tv, become accented or weakened by fortuitous or deleterious intermarriage. But

through all the haphazardness of history, wonderful qualities of mind and soul have persisted and under the measure of our modern enlightenment are coming to an expression of their power so long hid.

This is the meaning of modern democracy; this is the irresistible force which was turned loose in the world when power

was taken from the often corrupt or unwise or weak few and lodged with the partially enlightened many. To be sure, often

leadership in the past has been just, wise and strong, resulting in often great strides forward in achievement. But in many

cases power by accident fell to the unworthy. Such being true

and abuse being so common in all the world and throughout all time, it becomes obvious that reform will never halt, except for ways and means, until justice searches out the last ragged body that lurks in the unclean alleys of our civilization. A frightful

awakening awaits the man of power who thinks that the world will settle back into easy forgetfulness of those underneath who yearn for simple recognition and justice. The millions of clean

mothers whose hands caress their growing young and whose eyes search heaven for an answer to their world old prayer that justice may be given those whom they have brought into the world is one of the most powerful things in the world today,—this

transcending the power of wealth, of position and of dynasty.

It is the thing which spurs lawmakers on, it is the thing which puts power into the arm of every worker for more justice.

Just sympathy for the oppressed is the moving force of the world.

The world's love of justice and its determination to be fair to is strong beyondevery worthy man and woman—this impulse

calculation.

There are men and there are associations of men who crave the breaking of law, who love anarchy and disorder. Such

would use the world's love of fairness and justice to disorganize responsible government. They cry for reform but they only

seek license. They abhor restraint which is a high attribute of

men and governments and a quality without which justice cannot be practiced. They do not seek those careful measures of

law and education which more and more restore rights to men and increase opportunities for development. These are not

thankful for the great structure of righteous government which we now have. They would not husband and guard this as a

blessing of God. Rather would they destroy it. Such citizens

are dangerous elements in any community.

It has been true that to a degree modern higher education has produced many who have become extremists in our social life. The universities and colleges, which have bCQitie too

THE MEANING OF EDUCATION 51

highly intellectualized, proportionately at least, at the expense of moral and spiritual sanity, have bred to a certain degree agnosticism, socalled higher criticism, materialism, socialistic extremes and advocates either direct or indirect of personal and social practices of doubtful wisdom. To be sure, the main output of the colleges has been good, consisting of hard working

young men and women who loved truth and sought to live honorably.

But the main impulse of the world toward higher justice disregards these camp followers who seek to capitalize good motives to bad ends. The world moves slowly, painstakingly

toward its higher goal. Men only wait for means to go forward.

Rigtheousness is the goal; but society has difficulty in finding

the proper measures of righteousness. Yet it always goes forward; the light grows stronger. The recognition of truth and

of the means of making truth a practice in the lives of indiwill be some day anviduals and in the affairs of nations—this

accomplishment.

Logan, Utah.

Underwood '& Underwood, New York

AMERICANS WITHIN GUN RANGE OF METZ

When the British enter St. Quentin, and gazing eastward from one of

the hills, this is the sight, Metz, the strongly f rtified city of Lorraine, that will meet their eyes. The Americans are within gun range of the city, and

are constantly advancing under fire of the enemy.

It was here that Marshal Bazaine of the French army surrendered to

King William of Prussia, in 1870, but 1918 is likely to see the reverse of that surrender.

A Trapper's Adventure

By Claude T. Barnes

In a delightful, balsamembowered glade of the Wasatch mountains there once lived a trapper by the name of Terwill, a rugged, kindly mannered man, who, despite his sixty years and medium build, possessed such physical strength and endurance that his powers in this respect were commented upon generally among those who knew him. A feat he readily accomplished

with a quiet pride in the fact that no one else could do it, consisted in stretching himself out flat on the floor on his stomach with his arms extended to their limit ahead, and then with a fiftypound sack of flour on his back, actually raising his body eight inches or more on his fingers and toes. This astonishing

strength had resulted from years of the most arduous exercise over the steep hills and in the dense forest that constituted his home.

It was a mild and invigorating morning in November when

Terwill slung his traps over his shoulders and meandered through the gloomy balsams to a willowfringed brook, which had long been noted for its many beaver dams. Some of the

deciduous trees he passed were stripped, others still covered with gorgeous autumnal foliage; save for the occasional cheeping

of newly arrived winter visitors the birds were silent; and there

was scarcely a sign of wild life among the oak copses of the lower hillsides. Here and there late flowers beautified the woodland pathway, but even more pleasing than theee to Terwill's

mind was the rustle of the carpet of crisp leaves underfoot.

Terwill carried a single shot rifle of.22 calibre, this weapon

being light and yet of sufficient power to dispatch any animal that his traps could hold; moreover, Terwill's fearlessness, coupled with the increasing shyness of all large wild mammals, combined to make his sense of security so complete that he seldom

gave a thought to the possibilities of danger. Any man who with

a singlebarreled shotgun has deliberately stalked a grizzly, met its onrush at a distance of a few feet and almost blown its head off with bird shot, is not inclined thereafter to notice dangers that would intimidate the ordinary woodsman; and far back in

the 70's Terwill had, to the wonder of an entire encampment, accomplished just such an exploit.

Minks, otters, beavers, martens, kit foxes, red foxes, coyotes, skunks, mu=krats, and wild cats, occupied most of Terwill's time

THE TRAPPER'S ADVENTURE 53

and were his chief means of subsistence, his cabin each spring being almost covered with the drying pelts of these creatures.

One year he had trapped a black fox which, being merely a color phase of the red fox, sometimes appears in the Wasatch;

and the thousand dollars he received for this rarity had meant independence for several seasons.

As he meandered the creek this particular morning he carefully set his traps at several beaver dams, always in such a manner that when the victim should be caught its struggles would unfasten a weight which would pull it into the water and drown it, for, be it observed in passing, a trapped beaver is liable to gnaw its own leg off unless prevented by some foresight of the woodsman. He twisted through labyrinthine growths for mink

trails beside the murmuring water, giving but a furtive parting glance at each site to lead him thither on his next visitation.

Finally, all of his traps being set, he clambered up through groves of solemn pines bethinking himself that he would make a detour down the canyon slopes and thus perchance happen upon some late service berries or at least some diversion of interest to his lonely life. Two days prior to this he had come upon a dead

whitetailed buck mauled into a grove of quaking aspens and so battered, hooked and torn that TerwilFs quick eyes at once detected the result of a gruesome battle between two forest rivals the victor of whom had not left his victim until every sign of life had ebbed away. This, too, was the rutting season of the

larger mule deer; and he expected almost any time to hear the

crashing of horns, the stamping of feet and other sounds that invariably accompanied conflicts between the maddened bucks.

As he walked, the only wild things that appeared were a gray ruffled grouse, a golden eagle wheeling the blue above, a Clark nutcracker and a few juncos. As he emerged, however, upon a

glade of grassy loveliness, a slight movement on its other side at once halted him; in an instant he discerned the object to be a

mule deer buck almost hidden by a handsome blue spruce tree.

Hot with the fire of recent battles the animal stared at him as if half expecting an encounter with a new rival. This instant of

hesitation, however, proved its undoing, for as it turned to flee,

Terwill fired; and to his surprise it dropped as if a stone and lay

perfectly still.

With a smile of satisfaction, Terwill crossed the green and approached his prize. He casually leaned his gun upon a handy

bough and was just in the act of lifting the buck's head by its antlers when to his consternation the animal instantly sprang to its feet and with rage in its eyes was upon him determined to gore him with its battletried tines. Like a flash the situation

dawned upon Terwill; the head shot had merely stunned the

deer and now for his own overconfidence a horrid death was 54 IMPROVEMENT ERA

perilously imminent. Here again the alert woodcraft of the

old hunter manifested itself, for the second Terwill felt the animal rise his quick perception told him not to release his hold of the horns. The effort was, nevertheless, a trying one, for, as

the buck whirled, the muscles of Terwill's right arm rose in great knots and the cords pressed the skin as if so many wires.

Round and round the agonized beast tore, dragging Terwill in a frenzide effort to release its head and jerking his one hundred seventy pounds weight over young quaking aspens as if he were a sack of shavings.

After a moment or so of this fierce rearing, twisting and turning, the disconcerted buck stopped, protruded its tongue and breathed heavily. With the slightest movement, however, on

the part of Terwill, who could think of no possible escape save by the use of his heavy pocketknife (unfortunately closed and in his pocket), the infuriated deer turned, this time not away from, but towards the trapper at its side. Aghast at his peril,

Terwill grasped the other beam with his left hand, his alacrity barely saving him from the vicious thrust of the sharp antlers. There the combatants tussled, Terwill at the buck's

right side, holding its right antler firmly with his right hand, the left with his left; but the unfortunate man soon realized that he

could not long thus protect himself, as with the new position his wiry antagonist dragged him about at will. The furious buck,

however, constantly endeavored to turn for a fatal jab; and

Terwill several times had his chin nearly impaled on the tip points.

Just at this instant when Terwill felt his strength waning it dawned on him that his only hope lay in twisting his victim's neck after the manner of the cowboys. Perspiration dripped

into his eyes and he could hardly see under the terrible strain, yet he pulled with his left arm and pushed with his right with that fighting expression the boys had always noted in his face when he was bending spikes with his bare hands. Slowly the

buck's neck twisted, the animal's tongue stuck out further and its breathing became jerky and labored; Terwill applied every

atom of strength; and then at last he realized that either the

neck must break or his victim fall. Little by little the buck

gave way to the pain; and then suddenly began to fall directly

upon its relentless enemy. Anticipating this movement, Terwill

sprang to the front with the quickness of a cat, never for an instant releasing his hold, but on the contrary maintaining the twist as the deer fell. With a spring he pressed the buck's muzzle with his knee forcing its head against its shoulder; and then

while still holding with his left hand he reached quickly into his pocket with his right and withdrew his pocketknife. While the

animal struggled he held the knife with his teeth as he opened

THE TRAPPERS ADVENTURE 55

the blade. Then with a few quick slashes over the tensely drawn

neck of his victim he severed its jugular vein. He watched the

fire slowly dim in the valiant buck's eyes and then as their accustomed mildness came over them, this strong man of the woods himself could hardly withhold a tear, for no one with a heart can see the dying eyes of a deer without being touched thereby.

When the animal's strength had waned so that Terwill could release his hold he cut the other vein:nd soon thereafter saw the

poor thing's sufferings cease. Terwill, now that all danger was

past, sank back exhausted on the grass where for some minutes he lay as helpless as a babe.

After a time he arose, eviscerated the buck, fastened its severed head to his shoulders, and picking up his gun, trudged on down the canyon.

Now as he sits alone in his cabin, when the night winds send the snow moaning through the pines, he occasionally looks at that mounted head, the soft eyes of which truly recall the mild light of the live ones, and pledges himself never again to take the life of a deer except when driven thereto by the pangs of hunger.

British Official Photo. Underwood & Underwood, N. Y.

ONE OF THE GIANT BRITISH GUNS One of the giant British guns which are dropping shells daily into the

German lines, and which have been instrumental in smashing through the

Hindenburg line.

Alfalfa Seed Supremacy in Utah (Prepared Especially for the Improvement Era)

By J. Cecil Alter, Meteorologist, U. S. Department of Agriculture, Weather

Bureau

When alfalfa, as a scrawny slowstarting youth in quest of a domicile, stole its way from Spanish origin into Utah in the middle fifties, a discernment almost divine was necessary to see in it a savior. The "Mormon"pioneers were, however, accustomed to rescuing the stones of opportunity which other builders

had rejected, and alfalfa was builded into the head of the corner of Utah agriculture.

Fostermothered and partially reared in Utah, this orphan of much enterprise and adaptability went forth through the lands of the United States like "the smile of the Great Spirit,"until today there are more than 6,000,000 acres, yielding nearly 25,000,000 tons, annually, or onefourth the entire tame hay crop of the realm.

Meanwhile Utah, the fostermother of what is one of agriculture's greatest offspring, appropriately takes her place as producer of the world's finest alfalfa seed; and with her 50,000

to 60,000 bushels annually, or onefifth of the entire seed crop of the United States, and oneseventh of the needs of the country, she not only stands at the head of the list of seed producing states, but receives back into her lap from this generous and prosperous offspring nearly $500,000 a year for seed alone, as a sort of dowry.

Alfalfa seed as an incidental crop for domestic needs was grown here and there in Utah for fifteen or twenty years after the plant was introduced into the state, during which time the pioneers learned much of the peculiar soil and climatic needs of this supposedly fickle crop, and they gradually learned to produce the seed in certain localities as an important if not a major crop. It was not, however, until the early seventies that

the seed began to appear with some boldness on the market like any other crop, demanding little more than $3 a bushel, though many years previously, in times of dearth, it had sold for many times this price, the offer being governed by the need.

Bv the middle eighties Colorado had become fairly well seeded to alfalfa, and in another decade it had become general in Kansas, Nebraska, and other plains territory, every stockman welcoming the wonderful new feed, not daring to question the

ALFALFA SEED SUPREMACY IN UTAH 57

At left, ripe seed in shrunken brown burrs; middle, yellow burrs, turning ripe, in which seed would ripen from stems if cut prior to a frost; left,

green burs with fragments of blossom still clinging. Seed well set; would

grow if harvested.

58 IMPROVEMENT ERA

claim by one authority that it is the "grass"which Nebuchadnezzar ate and grew fat upon.

Even in 1890 the price was only about $4 or $5 a bushel.

\ With the onward march of the crop across the prairies into the Mississippi valley, f"--\ and then the far east and i: **? i -nH south, other states began to

lia* I raise alfalfa seed, particularly teWE 1 Kansas, Nebraska, California,

V fSgt- i**1Hi ""Arizona, Oklahoma, and Col-|y% orado,following Utah in quan- \ "J 1 tity of production about in 'J&L 1 the &-- order named. growUtah li*

'":- - *&- 'j -. i ers, their to maintain ascendency began then to take betDry /arm alfalfa seed, central Millard county, being gathered with comter care of their crops, their

mon mowing machine with handmarket, and their seed presbunching attachment. This land yields tige.

$20 to $30 in seed, but would be of The growth of the use of allittle use for other crops.

falfa was so rapid that in spite of large importations of an inferior seed at a low price usually, from Turkestan, Persia, Russia, Hungary and Chili, the price of seed crept comfortably upward until at the outbreak of the world war the average price received by the growers of the

United States was about $6.90

a bushel. In one or two previous seasons it had reached

about $8.25, owing to local

crop failures.

In the past four years importations have gone downward, largely by the submarine route, and partly because of an energetic propaganda in America for better seed, to about 50 per cent of the prewar amounts. Meanwhile the View on seed /arm f Mr- S. W.

Deseret, Western> of Utah. WestMr.price rreaching eaC erewg ninS betterD.etter ern cooperates with the U. S. weather 't Qn u?in$10.30, according to the U.T in S. bureau studying weather conditions

Bureau of Crop Estimates, in the seed fields.

on July 15, 1916. Then a propaganda for wheat ground, and a

good seed year, in combination caused a slight sag in the average

United States price curve, but it is still (Juy 15, 1918, government data) around $9.70 a bushel, and the demand for good

seed, especially Utah seed, was never better.

ALFALFA SEED SUPREMACY IN UTAH 59

Several government authorities have spoken and written of the superiority of the Utah seed, and of the desirability of planting alfalfa seed grown under such conditions as obtained in

Utah. The Utah soil and climate conditions have not only apparently combined most of the favorable elements of those of

the countries where the plant originated, but through thrifty methods of crop selection, careful culture, intelligent management, and an eternal vigilance for purity and superiority, the

Utah growers have produced a seed with more vigor and vitality, freer from impurities such as dodder, yellow trefoil, burr clover, noxious weeds, and other adulterants, that are so troublesome elsewhere. Thus there is very good reason for the statement of

Mr. Joseph E. Wing, perhaps the world's greatest authority on

alfalfa (Alfalfa Farming in America) that "From Utah seed nearly the whole west has been planted."

The average yield of seed, where grown commercially, is around seven bushels per acre, though much larger yields are on record, the record probably being 19 bushels per acre reported from Millard county.

Some phenomenal returns have been reported in good seed years. Mr. Jacob C.

Hawley, of Oasis, received $9,000 for the seed from 90 acres one year; Mr. Samuel

W. Western, of Deseret, received $2,600 from 19 acres

one year; Mr. Henry Huff,

of Oasis, received $2,500 from 19 acres one year; Mr. Chris

Overson, of Leamington, received $7,500 from 55 acres;

Mr. S. W. Western, of Deseret, Utah,

and yields of $100 per acre in one of his prize fields.

are common in the Mills, Juab county, district; and such records have been duplicated in

favorable years in other districts.

The climate is probably the limiting factor in seed production in all countries, the general requirement being a moderately warm wet spring, and a hot dry summer with a freedom from early autumn frosts. Utah doubtless owes her superiority

more to climate than any other favoring influence, unless it be the soil.

Certain weather conditions seem to favor the attacks of the weevil and of grasshoppers; in a number of Utah seed regions,

of greater altitude, the first crpp of the season cannot safely be saved for seed because of the danger of a late spring frost, while 60 IMPROVEMENT ERA

at the same time if the first crop is left to make a fair amount of hay the following seed crop will be forced dangerously near the average autumn frosts, to which the seed while unripe is especially sensitive.

A rainy summer is very detrimental in forcing much plant growth and little seed setting, and the blooms and the seed appear unevenly and irregularly, an influence that is also felt in

'-,"1 *'- '"'-!-"'it''"Vy"

i '—:,——JC

The seed crop is cut with a selfrake reaper sometimes, and left in bunches in the field to dry. Views at Mills,

Utah. cool cloudy summers; this is apt to be hay weather not seed

weather. And though the entire summer may be highly favorable to seed, a brief rainy period right at the blossom time will

wash away the pollen and render the necessary work of bees and other insects less effective in the fertilizing process.

A very light frost will mark some seed in the unripe burrs or pods, and a temperature of 26 or 28 degrees will blacken and shrivel large quantities of seed in the yellow and green burrs.

Seed in the brown burrs is usually out of the way of frost. The

frost marking is detrimental to the market value though not seriously harmful to its germination. The only relief from frost

is to cut the seed bearing the most brown and yellow burrs before the frost, as these will be protected largely in the swath when the frost comes.

"There is a great temptation to take a chance with the frost sometimes,"says Mr. George McCune, of Mills, Juab county,

"because our fields are adding hundreds of pounds of weight in seed a day; besides, the seed that is cut a little green is smaller,

lighter and less desirable in color. Hence we always keep a

close watch on the weather forecasts."

ALFALFA SEED SUPREMACY IN UTAH 61

"I have learned this about selling seed, too,"added Mr.

McCune. "The weather in my fields may have favored the production of a big crop, and I may have it in the sack, but before

I am ready to sell I want to know what kind of weather they have had for their crops in Kansas and Nebraska."

Perhaps next in importance to climate is a peculiar soil requirement, which appears to be amply satisfied in Utah as it is in few other states.

Alfalfa for hay requires a deep, rich soil, showing considerable lime, while alfalfa for seed requires a sad sort of adobe or clay soil, rich in moist minerals, but deficient in humus, possibly carrying a little alkali and having no great depth to the ground water table. For this

reason we find the alfalfa seed fields skirting the older agriThe sweet clover along the ditches yields good seed cu]tura ] regions crops. i

as a rule.

For many reasons one region will produce abundantly while in the same year a neighboring district will fail to yield. Thus

a number of writers have issued a caution against the seed business, in spite of the extreme attractiveness of the profits in favorable years. The prospects are always precarious until the seed

is in the bag. In 1917 a great many fields originally intended

for seed were watered and cut for hay because of the high price of hay; this year the grasshoppers have eaten much seed in the

burr.

An average annual yield in Utah, based on the United States census, shipping records, and data from leading buyers, is between 85 and 100 carloads, minimum weight 30,000 pounds, or 500 bushels each. The seed originates about as follows for the

average of several years; Millard county 30 to 40 cars, Juab 8

62 IMPROVEMENT ERA

cars, Sanpete 9 cars, Emery 9 cars, Box Elder and Cache 7 cars,

Beaver 5 cars, and one or two each from Duchesne, Uintah, San Juan, Sevier and Utah counties. Last year 105 threshers reported seed jobs in the

state, reporting to the United

States Bureau of Crop Estimates, being practically all the machines in the state, indicating that other counties doubtless yield some seed. In

all there are about 1,000 or 1,250 farmers raising seed, the acreage averaging between 13,000 and 15,000 acres, according to the best data availAlfalfa seed field near Hinckley, Utah, able.

Some of the present seed fields have become such by reason of a rise in the alkali, being formerly good fields for general crops. However, on many of these, the seed brings better returns than the hay and grain did formerly; but unless protected

by drainage from much further alkali encroachments, these lands must finally cease to produce even seed.

This condition is perhaps most apparent in the Oasis district, Millard county, though here the same enterprise that reclaimed the original lands, is laying some of the state's most extensive drainage plans, and there is every prospect that Millard county will continue to be the hub of the world's alfalfa seed lands.

The production of seed of a high quality does not depend entirely upon recleaning and grading methods in the opinion of

Mr. S. W. Western, of Deseret, Millard county.

"Careful screening and fanning will remove many withered alfalfa seed, and weed seeds,"says Mr. Western, "but the process

is expensive; it is far easier to remove the weeds and other plants

from the fields before their seed get ripe; and if the alfalfa seed

crop is let stand until from twothirds to threefourths of the seed pods have turned brown, there will be a minimum of underweight and offcolor seed."

That encouraging and saving provision of nature which guards against the destruction of any of her creations is strongly manifested in the setting of alfalfa seed in great abundance when the plants are undergoing a certain amount of stress of soil or weather conditions. Moreover the puny alfalfa plant will bring

forth seed of the highest quality as a rule, the effect of its vicissiALFALFA SEED SUPREMACY IN UTAH 63

hides reacting, like hardships and selfdenials in the experience of human beings which bring out superior traits of character.

And as the strenuous life of the pioneers has brought forth a superior citizenship, and a character refined in the fire of experience, so does this wandering youth, alfalfa, inured to hardships and acquainted with grief, burst forth in its maturity manifesting almost the perfection of its Creator.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

The Oldest Ward Clerk in the Church

By Victor E. Madsen, Editor "Box Elder News''

Elder Lars J. Hailing of Mantua, Box Elder county, Utah,

undoubtedly has the honor of being the oldest ward clerk in the

Church, in point of service, if not in years, also.

Born on the island of Feio, Denmark, February 18, 1840, he was baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints,

January 23, 1855, immediately sent on a mission to Lolland and

Falster, and was appointed clerk of that conference, traveling from branch to branch to assist in keeping the records in order.

Emigrating to America in the fall of 1855, with his father and mother, brother and family, he landed in New York on

February 16, 1856.

The company was in charge of the late President Knute Petersen, of Sanpete.

The journey west was continued by rail to Alton, 111., where the

emigrants took steamer for St. Louis, remaining there until

spring, when they continued on to Florence, to be outfitted Lars J. Hailing, Oldest Ward Clerk in the Church

64 IMPROVEMENT ERA

for the journey across the plains. Mr. Halling's father died

at Florence, June 27, 1856, being buried the same day. On

the following morning, the family began the journey across the plains, arriving in Salt Lake City on the 20th day of September. The family went on to Brigham City, but Lars

started back to Fort Bridger, 113 miles, to get an ox that had strayed while the company was camped there. He walked

the entire distance, and was successful in finding the ox. He

then returned to Salt Lake City with one of the hand cart companies, arriving in the Valley early in October, and continuing to

Brigham City. He participated in the move south, in 1858,

traveling as far as Fort Ephraim where he remained until fall then returned to Brigham City. During the summer of 1861-2,

he went with oxteam back to the Missouri river, to assist the poor emigrants across the plains.

In the spring of 1863, Mr. Hailing and wife removed from

Brigham City to Mantua where he has since resided. In 1865

he was appointed clerk of the Mantua branch, serving until

September 9, 1877. When the ward was organized that year,

he was chosen ward clerk a position he has held continuously ever since. Mr. Hailing is a beautiful penman, and despite his

years, writes a splendid hand today. His ward records are the

last word in neatness and accuracy. He has served, at various

periods, as recorder for the Logan temple, and done much vicarious work for his dead kindred, having a genealogical record containing 2,800 names. Elder Hailing has been married twice,

and has eight children by his first wife, and eight children by his second wife. One of his sons, Elder Wilford Hailing, is now

the second counselor in the Mantua bishopric, and his youngest daughter is at present filling a mission in the Western States

Mission.

This information of this good man was obtained after much importuning, since he is a very modest character and shies at publicity. His record is so unique, however, that I feel it will

be of interest to readers of the Era. Elder Hailing is at his post

at every meeting in the Mantua ward, where his presence is required. He has outlived four bishoprics, is one of the pioneers of the town, and a most splendid character. His active

service as ward clerk, extends over a period of 53 years.

Brigham City, Utah Break your Shackles and be Free

By Elder James E. Talmage, of the Council of the Twelve

There are two classes of slaves who make little or no effort to become free: (1) those who were born into serfdom, who

know no better state and consequently accept their lot as th"natural and unchangeable order; and (2) those who, though

realizing their abject status, are deterred through fear and cowardice, or are too lazy to try to better their condition.

The first class arouses pity, the second, contempt.

Then there are others, to whom servitude is galling, but who bear their chains in silent anguish, because they know not how to rid themselves. Of these some have had slavery thrust

upon them while others have sold themselves into thraldom.

These generalizations apply to national, community, and individual enslavement, and to political, moral and spiritual bondage.

We affirm that freedom and individual agency are man's birthright; and, consequently, that any attempt to subvert or

destroy the same is antagonistic to the Divine purpose and law.

Right is the result of harmony with the law of God; wrong

is the violation thereof and therefore the fruitage of sin.

Righteousness leads to freedom, sin to bondage. This truth

is embodied in the Master's comprehensive precept: "Whosoever committeth sin is the servant of sin"(John 8:34).

The occasion of this profound utterance is memorable.

Christ was preaching to the people when a motley crowd of

Pharisees and others challenged his words and essayed to dispute the Lord's authority to teach. He denounced wickedness, and

pictured its inevitable consequences of suffering and servitude in mortality and beyond.

"Then said Jesus to those Jews which believed on him, If ye continue in my word, then are ye my disciples indeed; And

ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free."

(John 8:31, 32).

At these words, so rich in blessing, so full of comfort for the believing soul, the rabble was stirred to angry demonstration. The promise of freedom implied that they were not already free. "We be Abraham's seed,"they retorted, "and were

never in bondage to any man."In their fanatical fury they had

forgotten the Egyptian servitude, and the Babylonian captivity, and were oblivious of their then existing state of vassalage to

Rome.

Jesus made it clear that he had not referred to freedom in its physical or political sense alone, though to this conception their false disavowal had been directed. The liberty he specif66 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ically proclaimed was spiritual liberty; the grievous bondage

from which he would emancipate them was the serfdom of sin;

albeit their state of national subjugation was the direct and predicted consequence of their transgressions.

Verily the truth shall make men free!

As men open their hearts to the truth concerning the existence and attributes of a personal God, the veritable Father of spirits; and to the actuality of Christ's status as the Firstborn

of those spirits, the Only Begotten Son of God in the flesh, the foreordained Savior and Redeemer of the race, and the Author of the one and only plan of salvation, they are freed from the degrading and benighting servitude of false doctrines, and from the enslavement due to the dogmas of men which proclaim as effective the means devised by human unwisdom.

What of the millions now groaning under the tyranny of autocracy because, born and cradled in slavery, they know not the exalting truth of the equal rights of men, and in their pitiable ignorance regard their selfconstituted masters as supermen, whose right it is to rule?

Much of the slavery of today is due to a combination of ignorance and laziness. Many are content to leave their spiritual

salvation in the hands of pastors and priests, unaware of the solemn fact of their own individual responsibilty. We who

have proved the virtues of democracy look with sad sympathy upon the serfs of autocrats. But our freedom entails obligation.

Mosiah, the last of the Nephite kings and a righeous ruler, king in name but who called and treated the people as his brethren, urged that the monarchy be made to die with him, and that thereafter the nation elect its rulers by "the voice of the people."He fired the masses to action by proclaiming the truth

of their ability and right to govern themselevs. Having depicted the ills of kingly rule, he continued:

"Therefore choose you by the voice of this people, judges, that ye may be judged according to the laws which have been given you by our fathers, which are correct, and which were given them by the hand of the Lord. Now it is not common

that the voice of the people desireth anything contrary to that which is right; but it is common for the lesser part of the people

to desire that which is not right; therefore this shall ye observe, and make it your law to do your business by the voice of

the people. And if the time comes that the voice of the people

doth choose iniquity, then is the time that the judgments of God will come upon you, yea, then is the time he will visit you with great destruction even as he has hitherto visited this land."

(Book of Mormon, Mosiah 29:2527.)

It is pleasing to note that the people heeded this wise counsel, elected their own officers, and prospered in liberty.

The Halloween Party

By Elizabeth Cannon Porter

Would the Halloween party decide whether Gwinevere Dalton would marry Fred Bright or George Paul? People thought

that it would.

Both men were far gone and would force a decision before long. Yet each showed it in different ways. Bright sent flowers

and bon bons, escorted Miss Dalton to the theatre, spent long evenings in the Dalton sitting room playing the victrola, and neglected his college work. Young Paul, it was reported, did

not sleep at night and took long rides alone gloomily over the mesa.

The two men were direct opposites. Fred was clever, polished, an entertaining talker. George was rough, primeval,

silent. Fred was untried yet, having gone to school all his life;

George had taken charge of his father's cattle ranch. The town

folks wondered which Gwinevere, with her flowerlike face and butterfly ways, would choose. Speculation ran high.

It was hinted that there would be a game at the party, following out a Halloween superstition, by which a girl lights a candle in front of a mirror, and sees the face of her future husband over her left shoulder. Perhaps Gwinevere would contrive to have the man she meant to marry so placed that she

would see him over her left shoulder.

On the eve of All Saints'Day, when goblins are supposed to walk abroad, the southern moon, as big as a dishpan poured its glory on the scene and disclosed whiteclad figures approaching the Dalton house. These "ghosts,"draped in sheets, ascended a ladder and gained entrance through French doors in the

second story. Thence they descended the staircase to the dark

hall, whose only illumination was from the dim light in the '"Witches'Cavern,"at one end of it.

This cave was constructed entirely of pine boughs which

Gwinevere and George had obtained up the "wash"the day before. Sitting her horse easily while George climbed the trees, she

had marveled at his strength while he tore the branches from the trees with his muscular arms. Then he tied the limbs to

the pommels of the saddles.

"We will look like Birnam's wood come to town,"she laughed.

On the way back they passed a lone cedar tree on the prairie. While their horses stood very close together he plucked

a bit of it and fastened it in his gray flannel shirt over his heart.

"It means, T live for thee,'"he murmured.

But, of course, the guests knew nothing of that. They filed

68 IMPROVEMENT ERA

into the sitting room, and when they were all assembled, a prize was given to a very tall ghost for the best costume. The prize

was brought in in a gunnysack. It proved to be a black cat

which promptly scratched its new master and jumped out of the window.

The guests then doffed their uniforms and played charades.

Gwinevere, with her glinting curls and exquisite coloring, looked like a Dresden chinashepherdess come to life. She wore blue

asters against her pink dress, and Fred noticed with exultation that they were caught with the silver butterfly that he had given her. The young people divided into two parties. Half of them

v/ent into the adjoining room to conspire together. Presently

the folding doors opened and Lucy Dolliver on the arm of big

Jim Anderson walked in. She wore a window curtain draped

down her back. Fred stepped up and struck her on the back.

That she was a "bride"the other side guessed, but the rest of it they couldn't get. Finally they gave it up.

The Bride of Lammermoor, their opponents announced, with a laugh.

The girls then stayed in the drawing room, the boys in the sitting room and amused themselves scooping the insides out of red apples and cutting grotesque faces in them. Each girl was

taken out separately, and introduced into a dark closet where fhe lighted a candle on a dressing table, then looked expectantly into the mirror.

In the meantime one of the boys had been smuggled in behind a curtain so his head rose above it and was reflected in the mirror over the girl's left shoulder. Many were the queer combinations and much the hilarity that resulted. Some of them

worked out all right, of course. Little Elsie Higgins beheld the

moon face of Andrew Jones beaming at her bashfully. Billy

Pffkins, who didn't have a girl, lamented loudly that a married woman had been rung in on him.

"No, and you hadn't better let her husband know you've been posing over her left shoulder, either,"joshed Allen Dale.

When Jen Earl beheld the visage of lanky Jim Anderson, with its protruding ears, over her shoulder she got so excited that she kicked the curtain.

Most of the girls had beheld their fate when Gwinevere, true to Halloween custom, brought in a pan of raisins burning in a blue alcohol flame. The young folks scrambled to seize the

raisins from the fire. The flame burst up in Miss Dalton's face

and fearing for her hair she set the pan hastily in the middle of the table. The blue tongues shot upward. Though the alcohol

flame was not particularly dangerous in itself, it set fire to a mass of artificial foliage draped from the chandelier. It went

up in a roaring blaze. Pandemonium broke loose. Most of the

THE HALLOWEEN PARTY 69

guests rushed pell mell into the next room. Others stood paralyzed. Gwinevere gazed upward in horror. Mrs. Dalton ran

in from the kitchen, gave one look at the pillar of fire reaching the ceiling, and shrieked.

In an instant George had whipped off his coat, jumped on a chair and beat the flames blow after blow with his outer garment. The chandelier rocked as if the whole thing would come

smashing down. The fire gave way, and clouds of smoke floated

out to choke the guests. Finally the flames died out and George

pulled down the smouldering debris with his bare hands.

A sigh of relief went round, and doors and windows were opened to let out the rolling clouds of smoke. The center of

the ceiling was black showing that the fire had already gained a foothold in the entrails of the house. The hostess, breathing

a great thankfulness that no more damage was done, called her guests to supper.

The dining room was a symphony in gold and russet. The

lights were candles set in grinning pumpkin heads. The decorations were bronze chrysanthemums and autumn leaves. The

salad snuggled in green pepper cups and jelly trembled on blackberry leaves. Fruit baskets of yellow pumpkins upheld

golden oranges and belated grapes. Chicken, sweet potato pie,

and the comforting aroma of hot chocolate, made the guests forget the recent ordeal they had passed through.

Gwinevere sat by Fred and talked gaily to him while George watched her with hurt eyes across the table. His coat was

scorched, his hands burned, but he had refused to allow them to be dressed. His eyes haunted Gwinevere. She could not

bear to meet them. So she looked down at her plate and gave

preoccupied answers to Fred's sallies of wit.

"Whom did Gwin see in the mirror tonight?"asked Jean of

her supper partner.

"Nobody. She didn't go in."

"Well, it looks as if George has a sore heart as well as a sore hand. After all his hero act, too."

Immediately after supper, George took his departure. As

he went out the front door he heard his name faintly called from the back of the hall. He reentered. Then the faint scent

of lilacs that he knew so well assailed him.

"I have something for you."She came toward him.

"Gwinevere."His heart stood still.

'I live for thee.'is just a bit of cedar—which means "It—it

Georffe reached out for the hand that held it.

"Oh!"he exclaimed. Then as the full force of what it

meant came to him, trembling, as only a strong man can tremble, when the gift of the world is laid at his feet—he drew her

toward him!

The Loyal Sons of Utah Words by William A. Morton. Music by Evan Stephens.

—A A A

- day of the boys a way From 1. We siDg to

2. The rank and file they wear a smile As tbey

=1!=1-:*=q:

IfFed

I-wJ-f> b—r * zr—* cP?—!—*

J I* N- P n-F*———'"-*

home and loved ones here, They have gone to fight in the proudly march a - way. And they won't return till their

-*z=t 'W=f

p——m—*- Fj—fz-t=:

v THE LOYAL SONS OF UTAH 71

cause of right—In a cause we love so dear, Yes, a work is done—'Till vie - t'ry crowns the day. 'Till

-J

PiSzhgzzzzzzzz

n'. i s-J-r*!—-*- H—r-J—'It—

=iz cz—tz=-<—pzqfizzjc=——#ZJZZZq ZCZL-C Z O—C, #- #—j—L| ii ===—fl*-'-rt **-F g-g-g-=g—ft——*—

cause we love so dear, To make men free, for Democ- ravic-t'ry crowns the day. boys so true, God be with

bfczzzz l -; WV-W- -—L i—"--W

I "*"|r,| -—'—u*—te** "'J

J,3-zztzzzzzz--- X—r4- -- Ejffcrfz: p—-for""

pzqzzzz -y—* bf=|p.

cy. They have seized the sword and lance, And soon they'll

you, Is the prayer we breaih each night; Strength give your

iizzzzziZzEzfzzzizzpzzzzjszitziSztz. &..* *>

72 IMPROVEMENT ERA

rit.

join the battie line,"over there""somewhere in FraDce."

hands to break the bands Forged by the ty - rant—Might.

jT Bi IBM >OCO lit.

i H -?—i—*#-(—Eh—W-m-i—f.——hi 1—-( 1—#-fi 1—

B#FiL4lAT.

'L 1 'i '- 1)——- Lp &—V—k——I—

All hail, loyal sons of U - tah, Brave boys of the Beehive

|—lit#-* -H-- 1—>—F I2 P f LP BOI P u I J

a tempo, f F F F | K!= 1, -I#

JtS"j-—i-—K—l-i P- #,=f3rfl4#-* LHJ * t=:=# t

Itate! At your country's call you gave your all—You di

-#!--l-j—I—#:-#—r—-—#—#-*-r#--s--J 1—r-

----- * rwTS

1 4- fi /5 ) as I—%—$>**—rPi—f—i*, cF—. j i—1 i >

THE LOYAL SONS OF UTAH 73

$=&= -i E35—H-S

- 'er you b, on land or sea, We hes - i - tate. Where

]mMmmwj &mmgmms\

jpoco ri.:rfezJ==*==F=:it tr=J

know you will be true To God a-bove, To the

-J-d-*=fcrc=t=

poco rii. Maestoso.

a tern. J).S. Fine. Largamente.

old Red, White and Blue.mmMflag you love, To the

-- -- -3: * #- -- -*- j

a tern. D.S. Fine. Largamente.r—

Contributions to CrimeHow to Lessen

Classes A Study for the M. I. A. Advanced Senior

Lesson VII—Poverty

The aim of this lesson is to show that poverty is one of the causes of crime; and to suggest ways of relieving it.

sociologists differ as to Importance of the Subject.—Economists and

the cause and means of the prevention of poverty but they are united in the opinion that it is a gigantic factor in human misery. In addition to

the suffering it produces, it is a serious impediment to social progress.

Because it is a fundamental thing, and affects the race as a whole, universal effort should be focussed upon its prevention.

is used here Meaning of the Term.—Poverty is relative, but the term

to mean the abject type, "a standard of life below that which will provide for physical efficiency and social decency."When vast portions of America

were in the pioneer stage of development, and public lands were still obtainable, there existed a higher type of poverty, which could be termed selfrespecting poverty. This type proved to be a disciplinary and stimulating

agent for characterbuilding in the lives of such notables as the Prophet

Joseph Smith, the emancipator Abraham Lincoln, the statesman James A.

Garfield, the inventor Thomas A. Edison, and thousands of other successful

men and women.

Poverty as a Contributor to Crime.—Unequal distribution of wealth has

always existed but during the last half century economic conditions in this country have changed greatly. In the congested centers of population poverty is becoming an insurmountable barrier to opportunity. It crushes selfrespect and ambition. It exists side by side with enormous wealth. Neither

extreme furnishes the conditions favorable to the development of happy, useful lives.

"Crime begins in poverty"is an old proverb derived from China.

Ignorance and lawlessness are often traceable to it. Prostitution is another

of its evil products.

Stealing, gambling, lying, drunkenness, family desertion are familiar accompaniments of indigency.

The curse of destitutions falls still more heavily upon the young. "It

starves, freezes, destroys child life."Penury and under nourishment go

hand in hand. An educator in Chicago submitted this startling statement,

"Five thousand children who attend the schools of Chicago are habitually hungry."The destructive effects of poverty are painfully apparent where childlabor is permitted. Deterioration is rapid mentally and physically. The

child who is employed long hours away from home influence and parental restraint, in the company of vicious associates falls a prey to disease and temptation. Juvenile courts and reformatories are recruited from the

poorer districts of large cities. Incorrigibles among children of the slums

frequntly become degenerates among the adults. Forces Back of this Evil.—"Low wages, high rents, high prices, and

bargains, are among the social forces behind poverty."Economic injustice

is a prominent cause of destitution. Also widowhood, orphanage, sickness,

unchecked contagion, unemployment, insufficient food. Other causes are

prs.nal shortcomings, as idleness, ignorance, inefficiency, mental and

physical defects, the use of narcotics, drugs, and alcoholic beverages. Most

of these things tabulated as causes are also the effects of poverty.

HOW TO LESSEN CRIME?5

Forces to be Marshalled Against this Evil.—Forces that may be marshalled to abolish poverty are economic reforms and legislative measures,

not drastic but gradual so as to give time for necessary readjustment. Legislative enactment on prohibition, woman's suffrage, child labor, narcotics,

drugs, venereal diseases, contagion, betting, and gambling may be depended upon to decrease destitution.

Laws lose much of their effectiveness unless supportedby public opinion, therefore, the first step is the diffusion of knowledge which will direct public attention to industrial abuses and economic injustice.

The percentage of poverty caused by preventable ill health could be diminished by proper food, free clinics with medical and surgical treatment, and training in personal hygiene. Other alleviative measures are:

improved sanitation, checking of overcrowding in tenement districts, and the establishment of playgrounds and recreation centers. Ignorance of mothers

iu the manual working class could be overcome by free instruction in the home and in community centers by government demonstrators. In "continuation schools"free industrial training could be given to the unemployed

which would make them more and more efficient and self respecting.

The Gospel Plan for Poverty Prevention.—When the attention is turned

from the general to the local economic condition there are many encouraging features. The restored gospel embraces potent factors for the prevention of destitution in the system known as the United Order, or Order of

Enoch, a system of collective ownership or an industrial democracy, imparted by revelation; also in such substitute measures as industrial cooperation, constructive relief society charities, fast offerings, and tithing.

In pioneer days, the relief extended by Brigham Young to immigrants arriving in Salt Lake valley in the autumn without food for the winter, when he ordered such public works as the erection of the famous Social

Hall, and the massive walls of defense around Salt Lake City to furnish employment to able bodied men who, otherwise, would be forced to eat the bitter bread of charity, is illustrative of the correct principle of poverty prevention.

Reference books: Poverty and Social Progress, by Dr. Parmelee; The

Prevention of Destitution, by Sidney and Beatrice Webb.

Questions and Problems for Discussion

1. What crimes in your community if any are traceable to poverty?

2. What seems to be the cause of poverty in your community? What

remedies would you suggest?

3. Suggest effective measures for lessening destitution generally.

4. Statistics prove that a large percentage of paupers and criminals are

feebleminded. Do you favor segregation of the feebleminded in schools

under state control? How would this tend to decrease poverty?

5. Show how sanitation, medical care, and education will increase the

productivity of the laboring classes.

6. Is vagrancy a cause or an effect of poverty?

7. Do you believe this: "Assistance rendered to the lazy and indolent

without compensation through labor is a crime"?

8. If laws are passed for the alleviation of poverty, how may the worthy

be segregated from the unworthy poor?

9. How does the Doctrine and Covenants provide for the abolishing of

poverty? (See Doc. and Cov. 42:42; 68:30,31; 75:29.)

Lesson 8—Luxury

writers have attempted to determine what Definition.—Many economic

is luxury, but with only partial success. All luxury that is normal must arise

76 IMPROVEMENT ERA

out of surplus income. But temporary luxury might arise out of recklessness

in the use of credit or inherited fortune, or greed, or a criminal life. Such

income so expended is in itself abnormal, and its nature is to breed abnormality for whatever it is expended.

Normal surplus is the basis of all civilized progress. A stable prosperity

is impossible without it but is also dependent upon the wisdom employed in its expenditure. Wisdom in expenditure is measured by the growth of resource and culture and the ever increasing power to conserve and enjoy

these social values.

Normal Culture.—Normal culture expresses itself in the various forms

of strength, beauty, morality and knowledge—beautiful and well ordered

homes, magnificent public buildings, parks, streets and highways; advancement in education, art, science and literature; advancement in commerce, industry, government, agriculture, engineering; general religious, moral, intellectual, and physical power and refinement. All these and more count in the

catalog of human luxuries, and none are essentially contributors to crime.

all of its phases is an abnormality and has Excessive W ealth.—Crime in

its origin in personal and social malformations. Some are born degenerate,

and wealth, in their hands, becomes the seed of moral contagion as long as it lasts. Some are made degenerate by the abnormal luxury of their home

and social environment, and with them the sense of social accountability has not developed; life expresses itself in idleness, gluttony, riotous and sensuous amusement, excessive and unmanly sport, superficial ideas of chivalry,

crude notions of property rights, crude and vulgar habits in their relations with the opposite sex, utterly inadequate conceptions of the principle of marriage, and its personal and social obligations; selfish, indiscriminating

and, when in difficulty, criminal ways of gratifying their personal desires and avoiding the consequences.

Some achieve wealth so far in excess of their normal capacities that the perplexity of inventing ways to consume it transforms them into social monsters. Such men invariably undertake to buy social and other preferment with their check books. The wives and daughters of such families,

under the handicap of their impoverished culture, strive for distinction through the vulgar display and waste of their wealth, decorating their persons with costly fabrics, emblazoning their carriages with fictitious heraldry, surrounding themselves with princely equipments and a swarm of foreign flunkies, and in other foolish ways squandering their time and wealth in a vain effort to vanquish the ennui of nothing to do. The sons, in the meantime, are likely to have no higher ideals than to spend their fahter's money

without stint for whatever their diseased appetites may crave, thus enervating and degrading themselves, debauching their associates and not infrequently transforming a whole community living upon their extravagant expenditures into degenerates and criminals.

An Illustration.—A New York man made $100,000,000 profits a few

years ago from the sale of town lots. He died, leaving to his son and daughter about $40,000,000 each. The daughter married a titled person from

Europe as a social investment, and is reported to have divorced him as a slacker in the present war. The son was reported to have married a wealthy

Philadelphia woman who had been divorced from a man who had been divoced from a woman who had been divorced. The last in the series, the

heir to the $40,000,000, was himself in the divorce court only a year or two after he was married. A shor time previous to his marriage he was brought

into court to testify against another of his class who had personated him in a matrimonial venture. As it was reported in the press, the court, out of

curiosity, asked him how much he owned. "I do not know, sir,"was the

answer. Not quite satisfied, the court sought to reach him from another

angle. "How much do you spend in a year?""I do not have any idea, sir,

how much I spend in a year."But the court was still curious and hopeful,

HOW TO LESSEN CRIME 77 "What is the nature of your property?""Really, sir, I do not know anything about my property. All that I concern myself with in such matters

is that when I want money and I represent the fact to my lawyer, he hands me a check."

The surplus from American labor and industry has created thousands of families similar to this one. The amount that goes o\er seas to pay for

titled marriages alone was estimated before the war to be about $200,000,000 annually.

The Remedy.—Abnormal luxury has been the twin companion of greed

to worry and distract civilization ever since the institution of property became effective. What can be seriously proposed now as a remedy? The

thing that up to now has been the greatest stimulus to false luxury is the hereditary aristocracy of Europe. The war is going to prove whether that is

to persist in any effective form. Another powerful factor which is to come

into the problem as an effect of the war must for the present be passed in silence for the best of reasons. Property legislation such as has been proposed by Roosevelt and others, and measures that may be suggested by our

war experiences will undoubtedly come up for examination when peace returns, but until then cannot consistently be discussed.

But there are some forces that can be engaged in such a service at any time. One is the simple remedy proposed by Sir Matthew Arnold as a cure

for war, namely, "Get a little more culture."Whenever a body of influential families determine to apply their wealth and express their good fortune in terms of a higher culture and a progressive utility, rather than in

ostentation and the various displays of affluence common in this country, they will be doing the greatest thing that any one can do in this line. If, as

has been suggested in the case of Greed and churches, the schools, the clubs and the homes would enter upon a systematic campaign for the making of an atmosphere antagonistic to false luxury and its products, no one can foretell what might be accomplished by it. It is a perfectly normal thing

to seek distinction among our fellow men, and if by any means it can be made more popular to express our rights to be noticed and honored in a pure, effective culture and an ability and disposition to serve, rather than a mere display of wealth and the disposition to waste, the former is what will be done by normal people.

Problems and Questions 1. What is culture? 2. Show that extravagant expenditures for personal

gratifications tend to weaken accountability. 3. Show that the absence of

economic incentive to labor is a moral handicap. 4. Discuss the problem

of money allowances to nonproducing members in a wealthy family. 5. Compare the moral effects of unearned luxurious private allowances and inheritances, with unearned benefits from state, for instance, free education

and free health. 6. Discuss the effect of sensuous indulgence upon the will

to conform to social restrictions. 7. Discuss the effects of conspicuous luxury, idleness and waste upon the morals of the family that labors incessantly

for the bare necessities of life.

. References

Readings, Ezekiel, on Luxury in Tyre; Amos and Jeremiah, on Luxury

among the jews; Brooks Adams, Fall of Civilization and Decay; Macaulay s

chapters on the Restoration, in the History of England; Deblen, Theory of

the Leisure Class.

Lesson IX—Greed

What is Greed?—Covetousness, on the part of one who is not in need,

for things needed by others is greed.

To crave more than a just proportion of things needed by others is greed. 78 IMPROVEMENT ERA

A craving for power over wealth or human beings with no purpose to use it in legitimate human service is greed.

An inordinate craving for distinction among men is greed. (This is

not intended to apply in any sense to the love of moral approbation.)

The Greedy Man.—The bargain driver craves an unfair share of the rewards of trade, and employs dishonest means to get it. He does it because

he is greedy.

In early days there lived in one of our southern counties a rank example of the bargain driver. He had an unusual amount of money with no

disposition to use it except to loan it to people in distress from whom he was able to exact twentyfive cents on the dollar per year for its use. He

was known throughout the country as "Old Twentyfive Percent."He was

greedy.

A few years ago a certain manufacturer, though enjoying great prosperity, reduced the wages of his men whose wages were already below the normal family standard. The strike that followed came near plunging his

state into a civil war. Many lives were sacrificed and millions of wealth

were destroyed. "When asked by an investigating commission why he did it,

the manufacturer made answer that he could get all the workmen he wanted for the reduced price and was not in business for charity. He was greedy.

When war was declared against Germany the food administrator urged a general planting of potatoes to insure our allies against hunger.

War profiteers cornered the potato supply and required those who sought to respond to the country's call to pay $5 a bushel for their seed.

The profiteers when they came to think about it must have realized that they were greedy.

The genius of Napoleon Bonaparte without his greed might have made him one of the greatest benefactors of the race. His greed turned all

Europe into a battle field, and caused him to be branded as an enemy of the race.

When this world war was started, with a wickedness of spirit which

God alone can fully comprehend, it was because a whole nation had been rendered insane by a wholesale propaganda of greed.

The reason that Lenine and Trotzky, who are detested and counted among the greatest scoundrels of the war, betrayed their country while pretending to be its deliverers, and are now fortifying their infamy by the assassination of thousands of their own people, is that Lenine and Trotzky were greedy. Fifty percent of all the crimes of the world, it is said, are

caused by greed.

The Resources of Greed.—Where animal propensities dominate, greed

prospers. Indulgence of carnal appetites, undue love of amusement, vanitv,

false pride, unregulated ambition, misfortune, ignorance of the principles of progress and universal right, unwise laws, all these contribute to the rewards of greed.

A successful manipulator of railway stock was once asked by an investigating cnmmittee how he got his fortune of one hundred millions. His

naive reply was, 'T got it by employing the best New York lawyers to exploit the imperfections of the law.'* And he was asked, "Who put those

imperfections into the laws?"

"Oh!"said the witness, "in some cases I suppose those same New York

lawyers had something to do with it."The railroad man was greedy, the

lawyers were greedy, and the legislators who were thus corrupted were greedy.

What can he Done About if?—President Wilson was once asked by the

loyal women of America, "What shall we do with our hyphenated Americans?"The answer was, "Create an ailAmerican atmosphere to which

hyphenism is intolerable and in which that detestable culture is impossiHOW TO LESSEN CRIME 70

bie."This principle is easily applicable to the commoner forms of greed.

A twin companion of greed is extravagance. This is especially true of

obedience rendered to superior fortune and a vulgar display of the capacity to spend and waste that which the majority of the human race is in want of.

Propagate in our schools, colleges, church organizations, theatres, clubs, and popular resorts, ideas and feelings such that this trait will be met with aversion rather than with a species of admiration. We talk much of a return

to "the simple life."Let all be informed that the simple life so greatly to

be desired is not the crude arts and raw livelihood of the savage, but just a hearty and thoroughgoing conformity to a Christian, humane, and Latterday Saint life.

Questions and Problems for Discussion 1. What should be said of a controlling desire to possess without due

compensation wealth produced by the labor of others?

2. What distinction should be made between the man who takes the

property of others in violation of law and the one who engages in "making money"by consciously exploiting the imperfections of the law?

3. What are the causes of the prevalence of money worship?

4. Discuss the uses and abuses of exploitation.

5. Discuss the economic sources of human satisfaction and show that

the greatest of such satisfactions comes from the service which wealth enables one to render to others.

6. Show wherein greed is opposed to the above principle and is the

result of ignorance.

7. Discuss the principle of the brotherhood. i man as presented in the

New Testament, and apply it to modern social behavior.

Good reading: Dickens, Scrouge, and Old Curiosity Shop; Mark Twain,

Gilded Age; Count de Cheverell, Account of Black Friday, Account of the

Coal Strike of 1902, Pullman Car Strike of 1894, Investigation of the New

York, New Haven and Hartford Railway; Investigation of the Chicago and

Alton Railway.

Benjamin H. Cooke, who was the son of B. F. Cooke and Mary J. Cooke,

died in St. Anthony, Idaho, May 4, 1918, from cancer. He was born April

23, 1862, in Tooele, Utah, and was a diligent worker in the Church! He did active work

for the Improvement Era, and for Mutual

Improvement associations wherever he labored. He was set apart as secretary and

treasurer of the Y. M. M. I. A. of Yellowstone stake, November 13, 1909, in which

capacity he served until his death. He was

a High Priest, and a most faithful worker in all Church lines. On March 10, 1886, he

marrkl \nnie Hobbs, who died March 25, 1911. He married again, Ingeborg Alstrop,

on June 10, 1915 He continued his work up to the last moment, having filled an

M. I. A. appointment in one of the wards

of the Yellowstone stake on the day before he was compelled to take to his bed. Elder

George H. Howe, superintendent of the Y.

M. M. I. A. of that stake says that "Brother

Cooke was never asked to perform a duty but what he did it, and his records were always kept in a very complete and neat way. His death was a serious loss

to our stake."

"I have Dwelt in the Spirit of Prayer"

'I have not lived alone these five months. I have dwelt in

the spirit of prayer, of supplication, of faith and of determina* tion. I have had my communication with the Spirit of the Lord

continuously."These were the significant key words of Presi

dent Joseph F. Smith's opening speech at the Eightyninth semiannual conference of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints, which in many ways was a notable event in the history of the Church. His words found a ready lodgment in the hearts

of the Saints, for they, too, have had the experience.

The doctrines and instructions of the speakers were plain, powerful, and to the point.

The attendance was somewhat diminished, owing to so many of the Priesthood being absent in the war, the announcement being made at one meeting of the conference that over fifteen thousand men holding the Priesthood were in the military service of our country. Others not at war, who would have attended conference, were detained at home to do work that many

of the younger men who were in the service would have done under other circumstances, thus compelling many to forego the pleasure of attending.

A cause for much rejoicing was the presence of President

Joseph F. Smith who, it had been feared, might not be able to

attend owing to the condition of his health, he having been quite ill for the past five months. But he was able to be present at

most of trie meetings and to preside as well as to make brief but inspiring remarks to the gathered Saints. The effort did

him no harm, and he seemed to feel better at each appearance.

Promptly at ten o'clock on Friday morning, the 4th, and as a complete surprise to the large congregation, President Smith entered through the door at the stand. As he entered, the organ

peeled forth a chord and the vast audience arose spontaneously and stood in affectionate reverence until he acknowledged with a wave of the hand the beautiful and sincere tribute of love and respect which the Church and congregation so beautifully exhibited towards their beloved leader. This happened time and

again during the conference.

He was visibly affected when he arose to make his opening speech which was listened to with profound silence. He said:

"As most of you, I suppoee, are aware, I have been underEDITORS'TABLE 81

going a siege of very serious illness for the last five months. It

would be impossible for me, on this occasion, to occupy sufficient time to express the desires of my heart and my feelings, as I would desire to express them to you, but I felt that it was my duty, if possible, to be present and take some little part this morning in the opening session of this Eightyninth semiannual conference of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Clear of Mind Though Weak in Body "For more than seventy years I have been a worker in this cause with you and your fathers and progenitors, pioneers who broke the way into these valleys of the mountains; and my heart

is just as firmly set with you today as it ever has been. Although

somewhat weakened in body, my mind is clear with reference to my duty, and with reference to the duties and responsibilities that rest upon the Latterday Saints; and I am ever anxious for

the progress of the work of the Lord, for the prosperity of the people of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints throughout the world. I am as anxious as I ever have been, and

as earnest in my desires that Zion shall prosper, and that the

Lord shall favor his people and magnify them in his sight, and in the knowledge and understanding of the intelligent people of all the world.

Continuous Communication with the Spirit of the Lord "I will not, I dare not, attempt to enter upon many things

I shall postthat are resting upon my mind this morning, and pone until some future time, the Lord being willing, my attempt to tell you some of the things that are in my mind, and that dwell in my heart. I have not lived alone these five months. I

have dwelt in the spirit of prayer, of supplication, of faith and of determination; and I have had my communication with the

Spirit of the Lord continuously; and I am glad to say to you,

it is a happy meeting this morning my brethren and sisters, that for me to have the privilege of joining with you in the opening of this Eightyninth semiannual conference of the Church.

"God Almighty bless you and those who shall address you, and President Lund, who will continue in charge of the services, least; and all who take part in the services ot in my absence, at

this conference, that you may have a time of rejoicing and ot

. great reward., effort to say anything "Hoping that you will pardon my

under so unfavorable circumstances to myself, I bless you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, and invoke his favor and blessing and protection upon vou now and forever. Amen. Amen than President Smith had no sooner uttered the "We thank thee, O the great organ peeled forth the strains of

82 IMPROVEMENT ERA

God, for a prophet,"at which the great congregation as one arose, and without announcement, sang impressively and with deep emotion, the popular and sacred song of the Latterday

Saints: "We thank thee, God, for a prophet,

To guide us in these latterdays;

We thank thee for sending the gospel

To lighten our minds with its rays."

Never was the hymn sung with greater earnestness and feeling.

President Smith celebrates his eightieth anniversary, November 13, 1918. Hundreds of thousands will remember him

with loving well wishes and congratulations.

Some Current History

"I have drawn a few items, by request, from the current events of the Church and its history, that I think will be interesting to be read by our people in the Deseret News, this evening, and for this reason I will submit these items to the clerk to be handed over to the Deseret News for publication."

So said President Joseph F. Smith at the close of his opening remarks at the October conference. We think readers of

the Era will also be interested in them, and hence present them here in full:

Tithing We have been blessed with a most abundant harvest in all the stakes and wards of the Church. The Lord has greatly blessed the people, and

it is gratifying to note that our tithing records show an increase in tithing paid for the first nine months of this year over the corresponding months of 1917.

Priesthood Activities In consequence of so many of our young men being drafted into the war, the activities of our quorums of the priesthood, especially of the

Elders, Priests and Teachers quorums, are very much impaired. In some

wards nearly every priest and teacher of draft age is in the war. The

quorums have been seriously depleted, and a corresponding effect has also been felt in the Sunday School and Y. M. M. I. A.

Missionary Work The extension of the draft age has also affected our missionary work, and we are not now sending missionaries out who are within the draft age.

Relief Society Wheat Our Relief Societies were called on, just prior to harvest time of this year, to supply the government with all the wheat they had stored up for years. Of course, they promptly and loyally complied with the request, and

the wheat has been taken over by the government and used to help meet the demand made upon this country by our allies. The money received for

this wheat is a trust fund, and should be kept in the banks, and when the proper time arrives, used to purchase wheat to be saved up against another time of need. The policy inaugurated by the leaders of the Church years

ago with reference to this matter is a gound policy and should be continued.

EDITORS'TABLE 33 Temples The Hawaiian ttmple is now nearing completion. Substantial progress

is being made with the Cardston temple. The building is enclosed, and the

finishing work now in process.

Military Service We believe that our brethren who have answered the call of their

Country and entered the war should have their names on record in the

Church, and Bishops should enter every member of their ward who is in the military service of the United States or its allies on the tithing record, as this record is a roll of honor. Further details will be given by the Presiding Bishopric. (It was later said by Elder David A. Smith at the request

of President Smith that fifteen thousand men holding the priesthood were in the military service of our Country.)

Reorganization of the Presiding Bishopric

Bishop Orrin P. Miller, first counselor to Presiding Bishop C. W.

Nibley, passed away on July 7, 1918, after a long and severe illness. On

July 18, Bishop David A. Smith was set apart as first counselor, and Elder

John Wells ordained a Bishop and set apart as second counselor to Presiding Bishop C. W. Nibley.

Deaths Since our last conference Bishop William Fairbourn, of Crescent ward,

Jordan stake, has passed away; and Marion A. Woolley, of Kanab stake,

and George E. Giles, of Provo, Utah, laboring in the Australian and Samoan

mission fields respectively, also passed away.

New Wards The following new wards have been organized since our last conferRedcliffe* Utah, strawberry and Alterra wards, in Duchesne stake; Veyo

and Central, in St. George stake; Wandamere, in Granite stake; Lark, in

Jordan stake; Topaz, in Portneuf stake, and Pegram Branch, in Montpelier

stake.

"The Shepherd of the Range"

This beautiful poem by T. McClure Peters, of Kaysville,

Utah published in the October number of the Era, in the fifth and sixth lines of the fifth stanza contained editorial changes unauthorized by the author, and which are considered vital to the sense of the poem.

These read in the published poem:

"What matters it what men say of the Christ,

Or even doubt He ever walked the earth?"

The lines as originally written, read "What matters it if Mary bore no Christ,

Or even if He never walked the earth?"

The suggested changes by the associate editor with the proof of the poem were not submitted as intended to Mr. Peters who

therefore requests a republication of the stanza to relieve him 81 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of a false position. He says lie never would have consented to

have his name appear as the author of the verses in the shape printed. The whole stanza as written by him would then read:

"I think at times on this that men have said,

With troubled mind, and to myself I say,

We often speak thus to our other selves,

You know it is the lonely shepherd's way:

What matters it if Mary bore no Christ,

Or even if He never walked the earth?

Since from the first I read these gospel books

The Jesus of my soul has had his birth:

His power as great as if in flesh and blood;

The truths He told of goodness do not change;

I worship Him, though that He never was,

I, a poor lonely shepherd of the Range."

Sentiments from the Soldiers

Sgt. Moroni W. Smith, writing from Camp Funston, Kansas, October 5:

"A friend has been sending me the Era and I so thoroughly enjoy it that I am enclosing subscription fee to have it sent my mother and two little brothers yet in their tender years. I am anxious that the latter shall have every

possible environment conducive of the making of real, live Latterday Saints.

That is what our father, were he still living, would have us become. My

sixteen months'service for Uncle Sam has opened my eyes to social conditions I dreamed not of. Yet it has only tended to establish more firmly in

my mind how weak and puny we are without divine guidance. My testimony is that God is love, and that the brotherhood of man should be

universal."

Private David L. Basinger, U. S. General Hospital No. 3, Rahway, New

Jersey, Ward No. 22, writes, September 19, to a friend: I have been back in

God's country, U. S. A., since September 1. I got wounded in battle in

France, July 25, by a high explosive shell which landed about twenty feet from me. One of its fragments happened to hit me, striking on the top

of my right hand and going clear through it. President Monson has been

to see me, accompanied by the conference president. They administered to

me, and I feel I have been blessed of the Lord. They gave me several copies

of the Improvement Era and several Liahcnas and The Juvenile Instructor, all of which are a source of inspiration to me. I received the Era regularly

in France, until I got in the hospital. It was a welcome guest and a great

help to me in France. I am pleased to have the opportunity of coming

back to the United States of America, a land which is choice above all other lands. I should like to have any books sent me that any one may have of

the pioneers, or the life of any of the leaders of the Latterday Saints, in whom I am very greatly interested.

Lieut. Leroy A. Wilson, writing from Oklahoma, to the folks. October

S, and sending a subscription to the Improvement Era, says: "I have been

wanting something for a long time without being able to determine just what it was. Today I thought of the Improvement Era and of the wonderful

inspiration it used to afford me, and then I knew it was this great little magazine of the Saints which I wanted, so I am enclosing my subscription.

Why don't some of the brethren start a movement to have this periodical sent to our boys in the trenches and in the cantonments? I know from contact with them that they are thinking of the gospel, and would gladly read

every copy. At least it should be among the magazines found on the

reading tables of the Y. M. C. A. I am sure they would give us space. I

EDITORS'TABLE

have been at several large camps and have never yet found any of our publications. At Camp Jackson, which I recently left, over one hundred officers

of the 'Mormon'faith were stationed, to say nothing of the enlisted men."

From "Somewhere in France"Sapper F. C. Henderson writes, August

17, 1918: "I have been a member of the Church for two years on the 24th

of Septemper, enlisting for overseas service on June 4, 1917, in the Canadian

Engineers, at Lethbridge, Alta. I formerly resided in the Taylorsville ward,

in the Cardston district. Leaving Lethbridge for Calgary, I remained

there three weeks, then proceeded to St. Johns, Quebec, for training, with

the 8th Batt. Canadian Engineers. On Dec. 9, 1917, our colonel called for

volunteers for reconstruction work at Halifax, and I went, fixing up the barracks that were destroyed by the explosion of Dec. 6. Leaving that city

for overseas, we arrived in England March 18. We were then warned for

draft leave before proceeding to France, and were granted six days. I

took my leave in Manchester, visiting with the elders and Saints there, staying with President Lester F. Hewlett and Elders Henry H. Parker and

Evan O. Perkins. I spent a most enjoyable time there, feeling like I was

among the Saints in Canada. Yesterday I received a copy of the Era from

one of the sisters of the Oldham branch. There is not a better book printed

than the Improvement Era, to my thinking. I have been very much interested in it, and I certainly thank the sisters for sending me it. Of all books

I have seen in the trenches, I like none better than the Era. I hope to write

you again very soon. I still have a testimony of the gospel. I know it is

a true work in which we are engaged, and I pray the Lord will bless you all, in your work."

The German Exhibit in the British Museum, on the Western Front.

It is stated officially that during the month of August, 1918, British troops

British Official Photo. Underzuood & Underwood, N. Y.

in France captured 657 German guns, including over 150 heavy guns. Machine guns to the amount of 5,750 have been counted, as have over a thousand trench mortars. During September and October the British must have

trebbled their August achievements.

MUTUAL, v WORK

Suggestive Preliminary Program

For November—Our Country's DestinyDeclamation, "The Mission of America,"by Woodrow Wilson. (See

Era and Journal, October, 1918.)

Address, "America the Exponent of World Freedom."

Junior girls'chorus, "Light and Truth,"Journal, October, 1918.

A Sermon in a Sentence At the M. I. A. convention of the Salt Lake stake of Zion, President

Nephi L. Morris was asked to say a few words. He arose and gave a sermon

in a sentence. It is particularly applicable to our leadership in the M. I. A.

That it might be impressed he repeated it twice. We will repeat it once

and ask that all the superintendents of the Y. M. M. I. A. throughout the

Church repeat it twice to the officers of the organization in their next monthly meeting:

"He assumes a fearful responsibility who shirks one."

Ten "Mutual"Suggestions In response to our request in the last issue of the Era, Fred L. W. Bennett submits suggestions for building up the M. I. A. organizations. We

cull from his statements:

1.. Start the meetings on time, whether there are 5 or 500 persons

present. 2. Popular favorites must not help with the Special Activities all the

time. Make it a point to get every one belonging to the organizations to

appear on the programs from time to time. Remember the Mutuals are for

mutual improvement and not for entertainment only. It is those who are

backward that the M. I. A. movement is aiming to help.

3. Special activities must not encroach on the time allowed for class

work. 4. Limit a talk or whatever it is to ten minutes, except in very special

cases. This has two objects; it gives more persons a chance to participate,

and does not allow a tedious person to bore the audience.

5. Advertise the programs in the newspapers, as much as possible.

6. Get as many members as you can working on committees, and in

other ways, so that they will be made to feel personal responsibility.

7. Bring the members together, and make the social gatherings as informal as possible. See that backward or shy members have as good a time

as the others. Encourage the members to address each other as "Brother"

and "Sister."A pernicious movement is the practice of introducing young

people to each other as "Mister"and "Miss."

8. Allow the movement to prosper by having plenty of funds.

9. Make the meetings so attractive that people will attend from choice.

10. Endeavor to make the spirit of tolerance, humility, love and reverence pervade everything that is done, that the members may feel that it is

a pleasure to belong to the organization and not attend only as a "duty.

MUTUAL WORK 87

The Mother of a Soldier

(To be used as a recitation in the M. I. A. for December, to prepare

members for contests to be held in March and April.)

He stood before me—oh! so big and strong!

I scarcely could believe he was my child

My little boy who never had grown up

Who always seemed so carefree, young and wild.

But in his grim khaki and its solemn thoughts

Had brought a worldold sorrow to his eyes

As tenderly he whispered, "Dear, be brave!

The mother of a soldier never cries!"

And all alone, in ceaseless agony,

I try to hope and work, to wait and pray,

But oh, how hard it is to sit at home

With all my fears and hopes so far away!

Then comes a letter—what a wondrous joy!

And trembling I read with teardimmed eyes:

"Just keep on smiling, honey; don't forget

The mother of a soldier never cries!"

He's numb, I sit and try to think; dead!—just

All I can realize is a big, dull pain.

The world's so empty, robbed of all life's joys.

How can I go on living just the same,

And keep my courage when my heart is lead,

With nothing left to live for or to prize?

But hark! His dear voice whispers, "Don't give up!

The mother of a soldier never cries!"

No, I will not give up! for there's a thought

That gives me strength to live my empty life.

A man must die some day. The noblest death

Is surely in the glorious heat of strife,

Where man, by courage and true sacrifice,

Can prove to God his manhood as he dies!

And so my heart is gHd, and I see why

The mother of a soldier never cries!

Rosalind Goldsmith.

New York Times, Nov. 4, 1917.

Honor Roll

The stakes named herewith have earned the Special Certificate awarded by the General Boards at June Conference for excellent work in M. I. A.

Activities. They have fulfilled the requirements entitling them to this Certificate, viz., 50 per cent or more of their wards have scored a sufficient

number of points for three months, one of which was the last month of the season, to entitle them to hold permanently the Red, White, and Blue colors: Bear Lake, Beaver, Big Horn, Bingham, Blackfoot, Box Elder, Cassia,

Deseret, Ensign, Granite, Idaho, Kanab, Liberty, Millard, Montpelier, Morgan, Oneida, Pocatello, Salt Lake, San Luis, Shelley, Taylor, Teton, Tintic,

Uintah, Wasatch, Yellowstone.

I'll "li III n-TTTTTT "i 'g&Sl >ASSING INVENTS

The SpringvilleMapleton new sugar factory started cutting beets October 10, with a prospect for a ninety day campaign.

The Fourth Liberty Loan gave promise of being fully subscribed for, both locally and nationally, on Oct. 17. Utah was to raise $18,570,800, of

which, on October 19, all was subscribed. Already the authorities of the

nation are making arrangements for the Fifth Loan.

Men and munitions captured. Since July 15 and up to Sept. 30, the

Allies captured 5,518 officers; 248,494 men; 3,869 cannon; more than 23,000

machne guns and hundreds of mine stores. During the period from Sept. 10

to 30, the Allied armies in France and Belgium captured 2,855 officers, 120,192 men, 1,600 cannon, and more than 6,000 machine guns.

Woman Suffrage was defeated in the Senate of the United States by a vote of 53 to 31, on October 1. The twothirds vote necessary was therefore, not received in the Senate. The resolution had been passed by the

House, submitting to the states the Susan B. Anthony Suffrage amendment

to the Federal Constitution. President Wilson had made an appeal to the

Senate to pass the Woman Suffrage bill as a war measure.

A terrific explosion in the plant of the T. A. Gillespie Shell Loading

Company, Morgan, New Jersey, took place in October, beginning on the 4th and lasting that night and throughout the day following. The villages

surrounding were abandoned and the few remaining were in danger. Hospitals were filled with dying and injured, there being upwards of 1,000 casualties. Millions in property damages resulted from this series of terrific

explosions.

Jack R. Ainsley with his mother were two of the survivors of the Perth

Amboy, a tugboat with a number of barges in tow which were sunk by a

U-boat off Cape Cod. An interesting and heroic narrative is told of him.

While the U-boats were shelling the tug this youngster of ten summers climbed up the mast and waved "Old Glory"defiantly in the face of the

U-boat. He didn't care a continental if there had been fifty of the murdering boches. What more could show the spirit of the real American?

The U-boat commander opened fire upon the boat without warning which action is a feature of the outrages latest perpetrated by the Hun pirates.

Officers needed in the war department, by July, 1919, will number ninety thousand of all ranks, for services with the army overseas and at home. A

large number of these must come from the colleges and universities of the

United States. Complete mobilization of all colleges and universities in the

United States for the purpose of developing officer material is therefore necessary, and a complete readjustment of these institutions has been made to put them practically on a military basis. This has already been done

with the leading colleges of Utah. The University of Utah, the Bfigham

Young University, the Agricultural College, and others. The action has

completely revolutionized the leading educational institutions not only of our state, but of those surrounding, and of the whole country.

The war news was generally favorable for the Allies, who continued the whole month their sucessful drive against the German army. The Hindenburg line was broken. Many towns in France were retaken, and the

British, French and American forces took thousands of prisoners, many guns,

PASSING EVENTS 89

and great stores of munitions. Indications that the German army of the

West is crumbling were numerous. Two peace offers, Oct. 8 and 12, from

Germany, were refused by the Allies and the battle went on constantly. The

evacuation of Belgium and France by the Germans being seemingly at this writing only a matter of a short time. Turkey is about to surrender, the

British at one time taking 50,000 prisoners. Bulgaria sued for peace, and

obtained an armistice on the Allies'own terms. The Americans did heroic

work in the sector occupied by them. Lille, France, was taken by the Allies

on Oct. 17.

Mrs. Ida Elizabeth Smith, daughterin-law of President Joseph F. Smith,

and widow of the late Elder Hyrum M. Smith, of the Quorum of Twelve,

died at her residence in Waterloo, September 24, 1918, at the age of fortysix years. She was the daughter of Andrew G. and Elizabeth Fife Bowman,

and was born at West Weber, Utah, April 19, 1872, spending practically the whole of her life in this state, except the two or three years that she was with her husband on a mission in Great Britain. She leaves five children,

the youngest of whom was seven days old at her death, and was named

Hyrum M. Smith, after his father. She was a faithful Church worker, a

kind and loving wife and mother. She took great interest in missionary

work while in Europe, and did much for war relief, &s well as for the relief societies and their labors in Europe. She was a leader at home in

labors of the Primary.

Spanish Influenza increased alarmingly in the United States in the early part of October. Influenza and pneumonia in the army camps raised the

death rate among the troops during the week ending October 4, higher than in any other week since the mobilization began. It increased from 32.4

deaths per thousand for the week ending September 27, to 81.8, an increase

of 250 per cent, up to October 11. The admission rate for disease thus largely increased. During the week ending September 20, before the influenza epidemic began, the death rate was only 4.4 per thousand in the

cantonments of the United States. In Utah the influenza increased during

the early part of October to an alarming extent. The state health authorities

of Utah promulgated a regulation on October 10,closing all public gatherings throughout the state. A similar regulation was promulgated by the health

board of Idaho. On the 11th of October, the First Presidency of the

Church, in compliance with the regulations of the state health authorities, closed the Latterday Saints temples, all meetings, Sunday schools, and other services, in the Tabernacle and in all and any Latterday Saint chapels or other places of assembly, during the time set by the officers in charge.

John A. Groesbeck reached Salt Lake City from the front in France on

July 15, the day when the Germans began their fifth drive. Mr. Groesbeck

is the first Utah man to return from the battle front. He had been in

service in Red Cross Transportation work in France about ten months and had seen active service since January 12, 1918. Owing to his age he was

refused a place with the American Ambulance Corps and therefore engaged in the American Red Cross Transportation Department in which he has done excellent service, having been in three big retreats since he joined and besides having had some narrow escapes from capture. He relates

some startling adventures in his work of operating ambulances in the service of the Red Cross from the Swiss border to the extreme north end of the allied lines. A concourse of relatives and friends met Mr. Groesbeck

upon his arrival and there were scenes of fondest affection and thankfulness for the return safely of one who has been engaged in the great conflict which at present is rocking all Europe to its very foundation and making the world tremble. Mr. Groesbeck was formerly in the automobile business in Salt Lake City.

oo IMPROVEMENT ERA

DIED IN SERVICE

Private Seth McConkie, Vernal, Utah, reported dead of accident, August 8.

Arthur G. Sullivan, Eureka, Utah, was reported killed in action, August

7. He enlisted April 19, 1917, at age of 22.

Walter B. Hanks, Loa, Utah, was reported accidentally killed at the ship

building yards, Bremerton, Wash. He was the first soldier boy from Wayne

county, to die in service.

Joseph Clyde Muir, son of Mr. and Mrs. John S. Muir, of Clinton,

Davis county, Utah, died Sept. 30, at Camp Lewis. He was twentyone

years of age, and had been training at the camp since August 26.

Private Wm. C. Layton was killed in a railroad wreck, France, July 23.

Memorial services were held in his honor at Layton, September 8. Among

the speakers were Governor Simon Bamberger, and Elder David 0. McKay.

Lieut.-Col. John M. Craig, 44 years old, for a long time with the 20th

Infantry, at Fort Douglas, and with the first contingent of American troops in France, and a veteran of many years in the army, was reported killed in action.

Private Harold Cox, son of Amasa Cox, Fairview, Utah, died at the

Camp Lewis hospital, of pneumonia. Private Cox waa twentytwo years

old. His body passed through Salt Lake City on the 6th of October, for

interment at Fairview.

Sgt. Morris Ginsburg, stationed at the University of Colorado, at

Boulder, Colorado, died Sunday night, September 29, of pneumonia developed from Spanish influenza. He was formerly one of the proprietors of

the American Florist Company, Salt Lake City.

Private Glenn Callan Perkins, U. S. Marine, was killed in France on

July 19. He is the son of Mr. and Mrs. D. A. Perkins, residing on Brady

Ranch, north of Pocatello. He was born in Dayton, Ohio, and was twentyfive years old; enlisted in the Marine corps, in August, 1917.

Corporal Flemming Hall, Midvale, was killed in action in France, July 20. He was born in Kensington, Kan., March 21, 1889; joined the regular

army at Fort Douglas, May 4, 1917. From Fort Bliss he went overseas in

June. Memorial services were held in Midvale Sept. 22, 1918.

Sadler Elmer S. Snyder, son of Mr. and Mrs. D. E. Snyder, of Salt Lake

City, and who enlisted June 21, 1817, in the artillery, fell from a train and was discovered in an unconscious condition by the side of the track. He

died a few hours later. He was born in Kansas and was 22 years old.

Waldemar Jensen, brother of James M. Jensen, Salt Lake City, was reported killed on the front July 15. He formerly lived at Monroe, Utah,

was 32 years of age and unmarried. He is survived by two brothers and

his father, in Denmark, from which country he came about ten years ago.

Arthur Duffin, of Ogden, who enlisted in the United States Marine corps, January, 1917, and went to France in November of the same year, was killed in action at ChateauThierry, according to news received by his sister, September 18. He died from wounds received in action on the firing

line. He was the son of H. Duffin, who survives him.

Winston Arnett, son of Mr. and Mrs. Millard F. Arnett, Salt Lake City,

twentyfour years of age, died from wounds received in action, according to word received here September 20. He was born in Utah; attended High

School at Butte, Montana; entered the army on September 19, 1917; went to

Camp Lewis and had been in France four months.

Marion J. Fletcher, a sergeantmajor of the 133d Heavy Artillery, died

in France, according to information received at Kaysville, October 1, where he has a sister residing, Mrs. Dr. Rutlidge. He was twentytwo years

PASSING EVENTS 91

old, and volunteered a year ago last March in Monmouth, Illinois, and had been in France not quite two months. His mother lives in Montana.

Frank George Sainsbury, of Fielding, Utah, son of R. Sainsbury, and

Sarah Ellen Tidwell Sainsbury, died at Camp Morrison, Virginia, of pneumonia, according to word received October 5. He was born at Fielding,

November 1, 1896; enlisted April, 1918, and went into a training camp in

Texas, from which point he was transferred and sent to Camp Morrison.

Edwin M. Gray, born at Central, Sevier county, Utah, October 30, 1892,

attached to the 318th Engineers train, in service in France, died in a railroad accident, in France, July 3. He enlisted with the Engineers Corps,

January 24, 1918, and received his training at Vancouver. He sailed for

Europe, May 6. He was not married, but is survived by his mother and a

stepsister.

John Henry Paulson, twentytwo years of age, son of John A. Poulsen,

of Mammoth, Utah, died of pneumonia at Portsmouth, New Hampshire Navy

Yards. He was born in Safford, Ariz., and enlisted in the navy, April, 1917.

His body was taken to Richfield for interment, where his mother died,

May 30, of this year. He has one brother, August Poulsen, on the firing

line in France.

Frank W. Thomas, son of Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Thomas, Salt Lake City,

died of influenza aboard the hospital ship Comfort, at the Brooklyn Navy

Yards, on Monday or Tuesday, September 30 or October 1. He was a graduate of the East High School and studied for a year at the University of

Utah. He was twentytwo years old, and prior to his enlistment was manager of his father's farm at Peterson, Utah.

Private Alexian E. Koshaba, twentyfour years of age, was killed in the

performance of military duties, by a cave of the sand embankment at Camp

Lewis, Washington, September 14. He was a member of L Company, 76th

Infantry; born in Persia, and had been in the United States seven years.

He left Salt Lake for Camp Lewis, July 23. A military funeral was held in

Salt Lake, September 20.

Herbert I. Wilson, of Eureka, Utah, died as a result of injuries received

in one of the drives made by the American forces in France in August. He

was forty years of age; spent his early boyhood in Payson, and also worked

in Tintic on a number of occasions. He enlisted in Salt Lake City; was

sent to Fort Leavenworth; later to Camp Merritt, New Jersey; going overseas early the present year.

Private John Arthur Hogan, of Tooele, twentythree years of age, died suddenly at Philadelphia, according to word received in Tooele, September 29. He was born in Evansville, Indiana, August 8, 1895, and had resided in

Tooele for eight years, prior to his enlistment with the Marines, in May, 1917 He was trained at Mare Island, California, and in Cuba. The funeral was held in St. Marguerite's Church, Salt Lake, with military honors.

Joseph E. Riggs, son of J. A. and Christina Riggs, of Panguitch, Utah,

was reported September 11, in the casualty list among the killed in action 3, 1894, went into the on the firing line in France. He was born December

army November 3, 1917, sent to Carnp Lewis where he left in December and Co., 163d Infantry. He arrived overseas on the 24th of that month, with M

of notification The official in the trenches. engagements in numerous was the 126th then with August 1, being it had occurred stated that his death

according front 15 July at the killed Jr., was Allen, E. Clarence InfaSt. Clarence E father his 6, by August City, Salt Lake in received to word of also School, Law Columbia the of and Yale of was a graduate Allen He at school training military entered 1916, in the bar to admitted Stanford,

Monterey that same year, graduating as second tenant, AugMt, 17.

in * abroad V**'. ordered being 1'lieutenant on first He became the Regof Regiment 30th in the months, two front about the been in had

ular Army. He was born November 18, 1891.

92 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Henry M. Jones, twentynine years of age, son of Sylvester F. and

Susannah M. Jones of Enoch, Utah, is reported dead of wounds sustained

while battling with the American Expeditionary Forces in France. He is

the first man from Iron County to give up his life for his country in the present war. He entered the army October 3, 1917, went to Camp Lewis,

thence east and across the water on May 5, this year, with an infantry regiment. He was the first man called from Iron County, the first to go overseas, and the first from mere to 2ive his life for his country.

First Lieutenant Gilford Davidson, son of Mrs. N. C. Davidson, San

Francisco, was killed in action July 31, in an aerial engagement with the

Huns. Lieutenant Davidson was at one time a member of the Utah National Guard, but joined the aviation corps when the war broke out. He

had his preliminary training at Berkeley, California. He was born at

Wichita, Kansas, October 26, 1896, and was a member of the 145th Field

Artillery before he was transferred to the aviation school at Berkeley. He

enlisted in May, and was chosen to go direct to France with a small chosen corps of fliers in August.

Naval Dental Surgeon Dr. Weeden Edward Osborn, Salt Lake City,

was struck by shells June 6, and instantly killed, while assisting a wounded fellow officer to a safety zone on the western front in France. So heroic

was the deed that the service cross was awarded to him posthumously by

General Pershing, who commended him, in a special notation, in official order. Osborn came to Utah some years ago from Chicago, where he was

born, was graduated in 1915 from the dental school of the Northwestern university, and practiced several months in Bingham, then in Salt Lake, where he was associated with Dr. A. B. Wherry. He served at the navy

yards, Boston, until December, 1917, when he was detached and assigned to duty on the Alabama, and on March 30, 1918, was ordered to report to the commanding officer of a regiment of marines with the expeditionary forces in France, with which regiment he was serving at the time of his death.

Private James W. Crosland, son of Mr. and Mrs. John Crosland, of

Holden, Utah, died of pneumonia, in a French hospital, August 12, 1918.

He was born in Holden, February 7, 1888; left his home October 3,

1917, for Camp Lewis, where he received his training. When President Melvin J. Ballard organized a

Y. M. M. I. A. in Camp Lewis, Private Crosland was chosen second

assistant, November 25, 1917. He

had previously performed a mission in that district, leaving his home November, 1909, and returning December, 1911. He left

Camp Lewis February 27, 1918, went to North Carolina, then to

New York, and sailed about May 6, 1918, for France. He was in the

big drive between the 15th and 23rd of July. His parents received

a letter dated July 23, which stated that he was feeling fine, and that the Americans had been victorious.

His brother, Lawrence Crosland, with the Marines, received mustard gas burns in the big battle June 14, at the time that Grant Lyman received wounds which resulted in his death. James'brother, George, registered September 12, 1918.

A Study for the Priesthood Quorums for 1919. By action ot the General Committee on Course of Study for the Priesthood, taken at a meeting October 10, 1918,

it was decided that a book to contain selections From the doctrinal writings and sayings of President Joseph F. Smith would be used as a text for the Melchizedek Priesthood Quorums and Classes for the year 1919.

It was also decided by the committee that it would not be the best policy to prepare a special text book for the Priests for 1919, since most of the Priests are in military service. It was therefore recommended that a book entitled, The Ancient

Apostles, uy Elder David O. McKay, be the Priests'text book for the year 1919.

It was also decided that the text book for the teachers for the year 1919 be the same book as that for the Priests; namely, The Ancient Apostles, by Elder David O.

McKay.

The text book adopted for the Deacons for the year 1919, it was decided, would be Incidents from.the Lives of our Leaders.

It is designed by the committee to prepare an outline or guide for the study of the book containing the doctrinal writings and sayings of President Joseph F.

Smith for the use of class teachers and students.

Improvement Era, November, 1918

Two Dollars per Annum Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter

Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of

October 3, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918

Address, 20 Bishop's Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

Joseph F. Smith, \ Heber J. Grant, Business Manager

Edward H. Anderson, \ Editors Moroni Snow, Assistant

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Our Flag Upon the Alps Frontispiece

Our Flag Alfred Lambourne 1 A Lesson From the Book of Job Orson F. Whitney 4

Our Battle Song. A Poem Mary Isabel Tanner 11

WilsonPershing Medals. Illustration 12

The Three Orsons. Illustrated Junius F. Wells 13

Outlines for Scout Workers. XXVII. The American Coot. Illustrated D. W. Parratt 23

Rural Labor—Its Endowment Professor Lowry Nelson 26

You Cannot Get Away From Yourself Joseph S. Peery 28

Scout Camp American Fork Canyon 31

Problems of the Age. XXXIV-V Dr. Joseph M. Tanner 32

American Troops in Vladivostok. Illustration 40

The Great Gift. A Story Eumice Creager 41

Scene in the Uintahs. Illustration Leland B. Anderson 48

Meaning of Education. XII Dr. E. G. Peterson. 49

Americans within Gun Range of Metz. Illustration 51

A Trapper's Adventure Claude T. Barnes 54

One of the Great British Guns. Illustration 55

Alfalfa Seed Supremacy in Utah. Illustrated J. Cecil Alter 56

Oldest Ward Clerk in the Church Victor E. Madsen 63

Break Your Shackles and be Free Dr. James E. Talmage 65

The Halloween Party Elizabeth Cannon Porter 67

The Loyal Sons of Utah. A Song with Music William A. Morton and Evan

How to Lessen Contributions to Crime Stephens 70

Editors'Table—"I have Dwelt in the Spirit of........... 74

Prayer."Conference address President Joseph t. Smith U

Some Current History Range."the of Shepherd "The J* Soldiers the from -; Sentiments

Mutual Work Passing Events jgiiuiiuiiiiiiiimi iiiiiiiiiiiii iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiii iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiii urn iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiin iiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiL

i'"''imrfl—bm

The output from the twelve great quarries of this leading producers firm—the

of Dark Barre the year Granite—for

1917 was just under half a million cubic

feet.

No other quarries in the world produce so much granite of such quality as these.

No monuments surpass in beauty and excellence those made of Dark Barre

Granite.

—J 1 1 ] 1 1 1 1 > 1 1 1 j 1 1 1 1 1 M l ) 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 r 1 1 1 1 1 M 1 1 1 1 M I > 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 h 1 1 1 > 1 1 r i j I: I I. I j I j 1 1 1 1 1 r 1 1 1, 1! I - 1: i I l j;,! i 1, 1, 1 1 1, I, I 1 1 Illllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllir

gUlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 r r j Mil I! < 1 1 1 M 1 1 < 1 1 1 1 1 1 [ < 1 1 1 > 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 M [ 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 [ till'.

BOUTWELL, MILNE & VARNUM QUARRY NO. 7

Barre, Vermont

.-, 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 j 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i i r 1 1 1 1 1 j 1 1 1 1 ) 1 1 1 1 i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 '1 1 < i l 1 1 m t 1 1 1 > 1 1 m 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 j 1 1 1 1 j 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 l 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i-i: 'i > i 1 1 j 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 > 1 1 1 j 1 1 j 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 > 1 1 1 d j 1 1—

JJIlllririlirTTThlllllllllllllllllllllll lllllltlllllMlltlllMinillllllMllilllilll)l(llllllllllllltllll[MIIINMIIt|IIMIIIliltlI Mill IIIIIIMIIll1llltllllllltlMllllMlllllt1Illlllllllllli1>=

I Inc. I MARK & GORDON, BARRE, VERMONT

THE HYRUM SMITH MONUMENT

Salt Lake City Cemetery This beautiful monument was erected on President Joseph F. Smith's

family lot and dedicated June 27th, 1918, in honor of his father, the

Patriarch Hyrum Smith. It is the most imposing and splendid monument in the State of Utah. It is of Dark Barre Granite, weighs over

thirty tons, and rises to a height of over thirty feet. The stones are all

perfectly cut and jointed and brilliantly polished. The inscriptions are

deeply cut in the rock in large and beautiful letters. It is among the

best examples of high class work in existence. It was made by Marr and

Gordon, Barre, Vermont.

Order monuments through local dealers. Just specify M. & G.

quality Barre Granite.

r.iiniMiiniiiiiMniiiiiiiniiiiMMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiniiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiif;-

Joseph Smith as2000 Gospel Scientist Quotations By Dr. John A. Widtaoe

Hon. Henry H. Rolapp, Chicago, HI.

My Dear Brother: I hope your One of the beat scientific expositions

splendid work "Two Thousand Gosof the teachings of the Prophet Joseph pel Quotations"will be sought after and used as its real worth deserves. Smith yet published.

It is the only book of the kind thus Cloth Binding 75c far published in the Church, and will prove invaluable to all students Paper Binding 25c in their of the Gospel who will use it Send Orders to MORONI SNOW, evstudies and investigations. The

idence of painstaking care appears General Secretary, on every page. 2022 Bishop's Bldg., Salt Lake City

"With hearty congratulations to the able author, I can conscientiously associate an unreserved comof the to all Lattermendation work Telephone, wa**uh m to investigators genand day Saints erally. In giving this book to the

public you have rendered effective service to the Gospel cause, for Jos. Wm. Taylor which I pray that you be blessed

of with the assurance work well Utah's Leading Undertaker brother, done. Truly your

(Signed) JAMES B. TALMAGB. and Licensed Embalmer October 11, 1918.

Neatly Bound in Cloth.... $1.25 Fine I neral Chapel, Private Parlor,

Show Rooms and Morgue Deseret News Book OFFICE OPEN DAT AND NIGHT 21, 23 and 25 South West Temple Street Store SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH NEWS BLDG. 6 MAIN ST.

H%**$

In this time of sacrifice and economy, the most appropriate gift for

Sympathy Is Grateful XMASWhen you're sorrowing. But it doesn'tpay bills. An insurance policy is full IS A GOOD BOOK

of the right sort of sympathy when your property is destroyed. And no

one should neglect to secure protection against such a contingency. We giveyou the maximum of insurance at minSunday; School

imum of cost. Let us quote you rates. Union

BOOK STORE.Home Fire Insurance Go. of Utah 44*East on So.Temple

Salt Lake City, Utah. 22 Main Street.

. "Keep Money at Home."

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ASSETS LIFE INSURANCE Protects your family if you die MORE

THAN A Protects you if you live

MILLION plan about our helps Ask accumulate which you to DOLLARS estate at the an time are protecting family. same yoi your

WE WANT GOOD AGENTS IN EVERY TOWN..

Beneficial Life Insurance Company

JoMph F. Smith, President Vermont Bldg., Salt Lake Lorenzo N. StohI.VicePra. & M*r.

The Home must be surrounded with the refining influence of Music

We relax under the quieting spell of Music. It turns our

sombre thoughts from our boys over there to a cheerful mental attitude.

BUY A COLUMBIA GRAFONOLA

from the big Utah Music'House of

DaynesBeebe—that offers easy terms

so easy as to be helpful and a pleasure.

gmpan 50 Fwam1..CO; STORES

[|MPLEMEMT5| DIRECTORS IN JOSEPH P. SMITH GEO. T. ODELL

W. 8. MoCORNICK G. G. WRIGHT I VEHICLES UTAH THOMAS R CUTLER JAMES. H. MOYLE AND WILLIAM SPRY C S. BURTON

HEBER SCOWCROFT JA8. L. WRATHALL Ei,W. A. KEYSER-. IDAHO W ARM8TRONG MALCOLM

R P. MORRIS GRANT HAMPTON

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA