* III <ll I* * * Here They Are!

Stars! NBCKSL

The Revelers

The Revelers, popular NBC quartet. Left to right: James Melton, Lewis James, Frank Black, accompanist,

Elliott Shaw and Wilfred Glenn.

Hear this wonderful quartet and scores of other outstanding features over Station ** i *9> *m *m-<m m> <w KSL f *m vm *m p < ]**> ii'V'v i>

Qhemprovemervt Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Mutual Improvement Associations and the Department of Education

FORECAST For Every Member of the Family

TXTASHINGTON—A EDITORIALS

y * Monument To A Man"What Are Their Fruits? President Heber J. Grant 130

is the leading article in the Whither Goest? Harrison R. Merrill 130

February issue of The ImPresident Charles W. Nibley Harrison R. Merrill 131

provement Era. Jt is copiously

illustrated beautifullyand In ARTICLES photographs.with strikingaddition to the article there Greatness in Men—President Rudger Clawson Bryant S. Hinckley 133

the Salt Great Lake On Jenkins E. Donald 140 short other severalwill be Written The Peterson Dr. 143 Word N. A. dealing withbits poems and Feeding on Coeds $16.00 a Month 146 Two Wanda Snow His CounFather Of"The Nocturne Hawaiian Fred 151 Goddurd L.

of in commemorationtry"Skillful English of Use The 158 Kenyan Wade the 200th Anniversary of Beauty in the Home (Rhythm and Emphasis). Lutie H. Fryer 155

his birth. Fortunately, SenThat Elusive Thing Called Charm Adah R. Naylor 157

ator Reed Smoot, dean of the Glancing Through Elsie T. Brandley 159

senate, is the member of the Aposthe of TwelveQuorum in FICTION presented will betles who i—Estelle 138 Webb Thomas issuethis national by PresiAmigo

Surrender of Father The Vilate Time Raile 144 Hinckley. Bryant S.dent

(Serial of Martha Story) Stone Ivy Williams 148 A Daughter

Moved—Left No Address Bryce W. Anderson 153

PRANK C. ROBERTSON, Utah's most prolific wriPOETRY

ter of fiction, contributed a Simplicity Florence Hartman Townsend 137story—"The Back Tracker"Pilgrimage Mary Hale Woolsey 147

L. Roberts Paul T Magic 152—which Helen Cott 160 Van Swan To Thewestern characters

- Bells L. Flack 161 Year's E. will present—a twofew WinterNew

sheepherders, a sheep dog, a A Britsh War Cemetery in France John R. Talmage 151

number of coyotes, a wolf, First Kiss Christie Lund 161 and some sheep in an;interRosaryWinter Mountain Florence HartmanVesta P. TownsendCrawford 161161

esting light. The story reMy Home in Canada F. Howard Forsyth 161

vealing a dog's full measure Stature Veneta L. Nielsen 161

of loyalty will begin in FebPagans What Though. 1 GeorgeLowryH. BrimhallNelson 1731 65

ruary and conclude in March.

There will be other stories DEPARTMENTS also. Church Music Committee 163

Mutual Messages 1 70

1 7TX/TNTER FUN is the ExecutiveAdult MessagesDepartment title we have given to M MenGleaners 1 72 the cover picture. We are M Men Messages 172

Girls Gleaner 173glad to present an M. I. A.

1 Girls 74 Junior outdoor team to indicate that VanguardsScouts 175 winter may also have its fun. BeeHive Girls 176

Published monthly by the GENERAL BOARDS OF THE MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS

Melvin J. Ballard, Business Mgr. EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL OFFICES: Entered at the Post Office, Salt

Clarissa A. Beesley, Asso. Bus. Mgr. 406 CHURCH OFFICE BLDG., SALT LAKE CITY, UT. Lake City, Utah, as secondclass

O. B. Peterson, Ass't Bus. Mgr. Copright, 1931, by the Young Men's Mutual Improvement matter. Acceptance for mailing at

George Q. Morris, Associationof LatterdayCorporationSaints.o'f theAllChurchrights reserved.of Jesus Christ special rate of postage provided for

Rachel Grant Taylor, Subscription price, $2.00 a year, in advance; in section 1103, Act of October,

Chairmen Era and Publicity 20c a Single Copy. 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

Harrison R. Merrill Elsie Talmage Brandley

Managing Editor Associate Editor

Heber J. Grant, Editor

What are Their Fruits?

live there long: not people do Bad r at lodge of the manager i * HE

it. is Nothing about question no President HeSince ATOTE: J- to said the Canyon Grand

* L the editor Grant, life her wickedthan J. of shortens more and finest boys young "Theme: is extremeEra,""Improvement a death lower ness. had have We associated to little ly time I been ever has busygirls and have

I since was ever this rate in church speto the preparation devote of are life, Grant, in Mr.with my until years age of eighteen now pages, cial these editorials for

I haven'tthese Mormons. young life parato select great of are expecting the average we the than

a smoker working for me. They graphs from sermons which he insurance companies. I have been

are the cleanest lot in the country."delivers, from time to time, to in the insurance business ever since

'By their fruits ye shall know run over his signature, with his that time, and I know what I am them.'And what are the fruits approval.signature, hyThethe accompanyingway, is a cut talking about."

of the Gospel of Jesus Christ? A made from his own handwrithigher birthrate than any other secing. He made the original in Jation of the country; a lower death pan in 1901, and had it enrate, a lower insanity rate, a lower graved by a Chinese engraver.

divorce rate, a lower criminal rate.

Whither Goestf

O to disengage myself from those corpses of me, which I turn and look at where I cast them.

To pass on, (O living! always living!) and leave

the corpses behind."Whitman.

A T the beginning of a new year a great deal is said sons would change their governments as well as their4% about resolutions—repentance—about resetting other organizations. He proclaimed the importance

the as if the numbering of the months of wll individuals, not merely some individuals. He

were course—justnot an arbitrary thing—as if the first of Decemgave to all men faith in themselves—their own divine like God—towards whichber were not as propitious a date upon which to berights—and a goal—to be

gin to change a habit as the first of January. to work. He changed them and knew that they

That repentance, made operative by faith, of course, would change their governments.

is the underlying principle of growth and progress, The leaven was slow to work, but it was sure.

nearly all, if not all, will probably admit. The application of the principle of the importance

corpses"—ofGrowth is livinga processalways,of disengagingalways dying—of"from layingthose ofly thetwoindividualthousand wasyearsmadewithtothenationsannouncementonly afterofnearthe

on rings, so to speak, as the spruce or the pine does. Monroe Doctrine, and more universally, at the close

It is a relinquishing and a venturing. A soul progressof the world war when Woodrow Wilson and others

theing, each day is a new soul—December or January declared for national safety thereby proclaiming

April or August. importance of individual nations regardless of their

The laws which apply to individuals, in a way, size or wealth.

apply to nations. They grow or retrogress with the Repentance is not always a sudden change of ways,

people who compose them. As the individuals lay as was made plain by the Baptist, but manifests itself

on or should I say grow on, new rings, their organin a steady and continued growth towards God. It is

izations do likewise. not merely the turning from the bad; it is the mountJesus, of course, knew better than any one else ing from good to good. Repentance, actuated by

is a moving thing forever pushing upwardsthe laws and the powers of repentance—of growth. faith,

He was a revolutionist, but one with infinite patience. toward the light. It is the walking in the newness.

He drew no sword in an attempt at any sudden of life.

overthrow, nor, so far as I know, did he criticize any On NewYear's Day, as on every day, one should governments; yet during the centuries which have look back to see if the campfires of yesterday are

passed since his day, the ideas he advanced have overactually behind him, or if he is merely milling around thrown principalities and powers. in the ashes of a dying blaze.

He began and ended his work with the individual. Comrade, not only today, but every day, the MasHe knew that eventually a world full of changed perter of Life asks you the question: "Whither Goest?"

President Charles Wilson Nibley rgl HE trail which began at Hunterfield, near Edinlihood from enterprizes which he had organized or * burgh, Scotland, nearly eightyone years ago assisted in organizing. But always he kept his face

ended in Salt Lake City, December 1 1, at 12:5 1 p. m. toward the light with an unswerving Scotch fidelity.

when President Charles Wilson Nibley, whose trail it He was never too busy or too engrossed to heed the was, passed beyond the horizon leaving his earthly caM of his Church.

achievements behind him. There can be no doubt He filled various positions ranging from those conthat the indomitable nected with his early

Scotch spirit is still offices in the Priesttoiling upward tohood, running wards new conquests. through superintendAt one end of the encies and missions

trail there was a to that of Presiding small miner's cotBishop of the Church tage; at the other, and Second Counselbeautiful homes, fine or to the President of

office buildings, a the Church.

large park where The little boy thousands play, such who had left the as the Scotch boy had miner's cabin in never dreamed of, a Scotland—following

great hotel, railroads, the gleam half around factories, hosts of the has: world—now relatives friends. and scores of relatives,

More than eightyhost of friends, andia one years ago, a tiny nearly three quarters

Scotch laddie came of a million of Latto the home of James terday Saints foland Jean Wilson lowing him.

Nibley. They nursed His trail had no

him and cared for down curves; they

him until his tiny were always up tofeet could be set firmwards the light. He

ly upon the upward has passed the horitrail. Then hand in zon out of view for

hand they began a the moment, but bejourney across the hind him are thouocean, and on across sands, faces aglow, the continent. They turned toward the

were poor, but they summits he reached had their faces turnand they know he is on before—beckoning.—theed towardGospelthelightlight

which had come to A rather complete the parents in 1844, story of his strugabout five years prior gles and achievements:

to the birth of their appeared only lastson. President Charles W. Nibley month in the ImThe trail then provement Era. At

turned aside into Cache Valley. Later it beckoned the time that story was written, he was vigorous for

the young man to Oregon and then, at the call of his age, animated, interested. The story came out.

President Joseph F. Smith back to Salt Lake City. in time to receive his approval. The powerful pen.

When he was twenty he took the hand of Rebecca of President Bryant S. Hinckley had delineated a

Neibaur in marriage and together they continued on powerful personality just in time. The article wasthe trail, and ever upward—onward. Later he marillustrated with photographs of the boy and the man:

ried another good woman, Miss Ellen Ricks, and still of the father and mother; of the little home in Scotlater another, Miss Julie Budge. Children came to land; but not with photographs which could have

him, and soon he was followed by a group of youngbeen taken of some of the great enterprizes which sters upon whom he showered his affections. were children of his brain and brawn.

He becaame interested in stores, railroads, lumber President Nibley has passed on, but his great companies, and sugar factories. Thousands benefited achievements, his loyalty, his devotion still live in.

by his wisdom and sagacity and earned their livethe hearts of those who knew him.

132 The Improvement Era for January, 1932

Church header Receives Burial in Cache ingyourtofather.you ourWithsincerefortysympathyyears'acquaintancein the passingI haveof

Valley After Impressive Rites in considered him one of my best friends."

Salt Lake Tabernacle First Governor Tells Sorrow

HpHE snowmantled Cache valley, the slope he pressiblyHeber shockedM. Wells,to firstread governorof death ofof Utah:President"InexNib-

roamed as a boy, holds all that is mortal of ley, whose physical fitness I had come to believe deCharles Wilson Nibley. fied his advancing years. Accept my earnest conThousands upon thousands Sunday saluted the dolences on loss of so great and good and loyal a counsecond the Nibley, of Mr. manliness and deeds joins."family in which counselor, my

S. Church. of the L. D. Presidency First trafin the selor of charge in president vice Robinson, F. W. SaltSalt thethe inin tributetribute theirtheir paidpaid learn to ThousandsThousands grieved "Greatly system: LakeLake fic Union pacigc

presided J. Grant Heber President while tabernacle, deepestdeepest symsym- Nibley.Nibley. CounselorCounselor ofof passing MyMy ofof

over the services for his close associate pathies to you and his associates in this your hour

Others bowed their heads as the ether waves carof sorrow."

ried the eulogies to every portion of the intermounDr. John A. Widtsoe, president, L. D. S. Eurotain country, while many hundreds gathered at the pean mission: "We are grateful for President Nibgrave, already marked by the great granite monuley's exemplary life of sincere devotion and intelliment in Logan City cemetery. gent service in the cause of truth. He was humble

and loyal, wise and courageous. A lovable man

Carved Only With Name and trusted leader. Greatness marked him. Please

The stone, carved only with the name, Charles convey to the family our deepest sympathy."

W. Nibley, overlooks the valley to the north. MounCivic Leader Expresses Sympathy

week, past the of the snows with laden heavily tains,

Herbert of the lies town west the east, to while the to stand

C.): MyS.deepestAuerbachsympathy(now toin youWashington,in your greatD. deeds noble the to many living a monument Logan,

bereavement."of pneuFriday Salt in Lake died man, of the who general vice president and former Green, C. D. monia. "DeepCompany: Light of Power Utah 8 manager spoken were Nibley to Mr. tributes stirring The Nibley. Bishop death of the of hearing regret on

first counIvins, Anthony W. Grant, President by loss greater friend, a but personal a loss to great estA chief Winter, Arthur presidency, and first the in selor Church."the state of Mormon and to Utah the secreand presidency first the office of the in clerk to sympathy "Convey Smoot: my Reed Senator education. of board church the of tarytreasurer the Church his death family. In Nibley's President that blooms of masses the were tributes silent The a family, remarkthe defender; forceful a lost has stand whitedraped the fronting space the covered I, a citizen, and a and you state, loyal the father; able roses and chrysanthemums Great tabernacle. the of Tribune. Salt Lake Excerpts from friend."staunch tokens. floral magnifient the in predominated

President Reads Telegrams Next Month time first the for fact that the overlook lON'T of symtelegrams fourteen read Grant President writer, western well known C. Robertson, Frank of the family and the church received by pathy Improvement the in appear will

President Nibley.

Among them were: Era.

T. M. Schumacher, chairman Notice to Contributors "The Back Tracker,"a gripcommittee, executive the of a a of story ping Improveto the dog—just "With railroad: Pacific CONTRIBUTORS Western kind the of sheep dog mongrel refrain to requested are Era ment in morn- I read regret profound the to western a material follows any that submitting many from dear of death of my press ing published, been already tvhich has Era take you of band sheep—will Nibley. is accompanied nwiterial A Bishop friend, such old unless will and range a western to on place and the the statement of clear a church, by the to loss great

past, tragthe of range In a glimpse publication. give you date of Western the and community in the somewhat placed has been Era loyalty. and heroism sincere railroad. Pacific My the edy—range accepting position of embarrassing

to and stories which family his articles to and printing anil sympathy set beside to is story a This a previously. As in published been joins have me James Mr. you. other Battle"and of Son "Bob Era Improvement the rule, general message."this cases in where except reprint, not does dogs. sheep heroic tales of president, Cates, 5. Louis and merit exceptional something of

Phelps Dodge corporation: interest justifies it, and only then with This story will be illustrated

to republish. The permission unthe of specific learned just "Have S. Clowes, who Paul a man by decide to right the reserves magazine father. of your passing timely maprinted previously not or whether what brush the with do can extend to hasten family reason that My for and used, shall terial be his with has done Robertson in your sympathy pubbeen ever tvhich has our heartfelt all material

sorrow."lished, even though it may have been typewriter. Robertson and

author, must the by or revised changed man- O'Brien, general J. P. for together will team statement clear of Clowes ivith it the have RailOregon-Washington ager are a great the first time. They its publication. regarding facts Company: road 8 Navigation

"Mrs. O'Brien joins in extendteam of Westerns.

Greatness in Men

resident lawson By S. HINCKLEY BRYANT

President of Liberty Stake

In this article one of the most touching tragedies of the missionary endeavors of the Church is told graphically by President

Hinckley, who, at the same time, -pays high tribute to a man of courage—President

Rudger Clawson.

"The conscience of every man recognizes courage as the foundation of manliness and manliness is the perfection of human character."(Thomas Huxley)

is a PRESIDENT RUDGER CLAWSON mildmannered man, but a man with the courage of a martyr and he has proved it.

To face with folded arms an infuriated and murderous mob with their guns leveled and waiting for the signal to fire, to say to them when you are ready "shoot"requires colossal courage. Quietly

to endure indignities and suffer unspeakable outrages for conscience sake, such as he has done, demands strength and fortitude of no common calibre.

Rudger Clawson has never seen a day since he reached manhood that he would not, if need be, die for the truth. No man in this generation has

faced more dangerous or more difficult situations with finer fortitude. Never has he wavered in

his allegiance to the truth; never has he deviated

a hair's breadth from the moral perpendicular.

JpjIS story is an interesting one. He grew to

manhood in Salt Lake City and the first twenty years of his life were not marked by any extraordinary circumstances. He is the son of

Hyrum B. and Margaret Gay Judd Clawson. His

father was a successful, publicspirited man of recognized standing and ability, and his son was given the advantages of education offered in those

Picture of Rudger Clawson, Taken April, 1930 days. He had the rare good fortune to be under

134 The Improvement Era for January, 1932

the tutelage of such men as Dr. stake of Zion for eleven years. He his discipline; still he is firm and

John R. Park and Dr. Karl G. was sustained as second counselor immovable in his convictions with

Maeser, two educators whose names in the First Presidency of the a loyalty to his Church and to will shine forever in the annals Church at a general conference held his brethren that is constant, unof this commonwealth and whose in April, 1901. questioned and admirable; a faith

influence will never die. After presiding over the Eurothat is quiet, profound and unHe was prominent and active in pean Mission wavering.

the various organizations of the (19 10 to

Church. He spent two years in 19 13) he '"PHE quality of Rudger

New York City as secretary to was able to Clawson's courage and

John W. Young. In his twentymake the the strength of his gentle heart

second year he was called on a most comwere revealed when he was mission to the Southern States and plete report just a young man twentytwo the next ten years of his life record ever filed in years old. This is clearly resome events of the vealed in the tragic narrative

most tragic and rerelated in this sketch. When

marakable characthe crucial hour comes in any ter, and from all man's life there is no defense of these bitter comparable to the defense experiences which comes from the righthe emerged a kind, eousness of his cause, no mattolerant, patient, ter what the handicap is or courageous man. what the circumstances may be.

I-JE has always 'Thrice armed is been a dilihe whose cause is'gent, painstaking, laid in justice."

methodical workThe most precious er. Early in his heritage the world

life he became a possesses is the thoroughly heroism displayed trained and skillby valianthearted f u 1 accountant Right: Lydia S p e n c e r men whose only

with a clear and Clawson. defense in great

happy understandcrises has been this thing. Witing of the essenPresidentAbove: andTheMrs.threeClatvson:sons of very

tials of record Hiram B., Samuel and Loness, if you will,

making. To scan renzo. Martin Luther at

history, private his the Diet of Worms'Right: Margaret Upper Jay

at the declaring, he which at keeps Clawson the age Bond of with little effort, 23. risk of his very

is indeed interestlife, "I cannot or Lower: Lydia Clawson

at the ing. It has in it Hoopes, age of 18. will not recant. *

just enough of de- * * Here I take tail and personalmy stand! I canity, with frequent not do otherwise,

glints of humor, to so help me God, make it really human. Amen."John

Referring briefly to Huss, the Bohemisome facts: his records the office of the an reformer, burned at the stake

show that during the Church Historian. exclaiming, as the hungry flames

past thirtytwo years, All his records are climbed about his defenseless form or since he became a brief, accurate, and he saw an old man coming member of the Council carefully and beauwith additional fagots for the fire, of Twelve Apostles tifully written. He "O Holy Innocence!"Nathan

(October 10, 1898) has a clear, orderly Hale, standing upon the fatal ladhe has delivered 4.981 intellect. All his der in the grey hours of that Sep

addresses. His records life he has been a tember morning, taunted for a

show where these adcareful student. As dying speech by a British officer

dresses were delivered a consequence he who was about to execute him, and the subject considered in each. has a deep understanding of the saying in a clear voice as he looked

He has attended 7,966 meetings and fundamentals of the gospel and into eternity: "I only regret that

traveled more than five hundred a dependable and accurate knowl- I have but one life to lose for my thousand miles to attend these edge of the rituals and functions country."Righteousness is indeed

meetings. Prior to being ordained of the Church. the armor of the innocent.

an Apostle, Elder Clawson preHe is never intolerant or radical We submit an abridged account sided as president of the Box Elder in his utterances, never harsh in of the martyrdom of Joseph a

The Improvement Era for January, 1932 13i

Standing substantially as related which escaped from their throats. approached Elder Clawson with

by President Clawson, who was They were laboring under the ex- a cocked revolver. He flourished

present and who, only through citement of passion to such an this weapon, whirling it menacthe intervention of Providence, extent that their frames shook and ingly in the face of the young man escaped the same tragic fate as his some of them foamed at the who looked down the muzzle of companion. mouth. an instrument of that character

:S soon as for the first time. It is perhaps FT was a radiant and beauti- A they came needless to state that it looked exful Sabbath morning in up to Joseph ceedingly formidable to him. The

the early summer of 1879. Standing, in a murderous fellow who performed

All nature seemed wrapped in clear voice, this part of the program accompeace and tranquility. Two loud enough panied his threatening antics with

missionaries, one twentytwo to be heard by the most foul and blasphemous and the other twentysix, all of them, he abuse, while his companions were were walking through a moving around and inwooded lane in the State of dulging in vile and proGeorgia, They were young, fane cursings. The exalone, unarmed and far from citement of Bradley—

home. Their only defense large and powerful man

was the message of peace and—was singularly noticegood will toward all men able. He was on horsewhich they carback and was holding,

ried in their with both hands, a douyouthful hearts; ble barrelled shotgun

but this defense across his animal. He

is supreme. shook so that the weaTurning a pon moved up and

bend in the road down as if he were the two young about to drop it. "Come

missionaries sudwith us,"was the comdenly came in mand from the mob.

full view of a singularposse of twelve theUpperage ofleft:35. Rudger Clawson at HPHE

men. These men Upper right: A picture taken procession

were armed, part while President Clawson was presidthen started back ing over the Mission. European mountedof them direcin the same Left: in Clawson, Rudger when horseson tion from which and the the missionfield with Elder Joseph

others afoot. As Standing (seated). the Elders had

soon as the mobLower right: An unusual picture come. Standing

of at Rudger Clawson, the takenocrats caught to be age appeared two, with old of an took who man the Elsight of a laboring under great interest little in the boy.

ders they set up, terrible strain.

unitedly, the His face continmost fiendish ued overspread yells and came with a deathly rushing toward pallor; he walked

them like a pack rapidly with his of hungry wolves who had dissaid: "Gentlefigure erect as an

covered the prey they were about men, by what arrow. He moved

to tear to pieces and devour. authority are we so quickly that

The feelings that were inspired molested upon he kept pace with in Joseph Standing, the elder of the public highthe front line of the two, at this appalling spectacle way? 'If you the mobbers,

can only be judged by his appearhave a warrant with whom he ance. His face was pale as death, of arrest or any constantly reahis features rigid, while his eyes other legal prosoned and exposbetokened the intensity of the subcess to serve upon tulated. "It is

dued excitement under which he us we would like not our intenlabored. The sensations which to examine it, tion,"said he,

passed through Elder Clawson's that we may be "to remain in mind were new and terrible to satisfied as to your authority to this part of the State. If we had

him as he was now facing a danger interfere with our movements."been unmolested we would have

which had no parallel in any for- "We'll show you by what aubeen away in a very short time.

mer experience of his life. thority we act,"some of them We use no inducements to perThe expressions upon the faces shouted. suade people to join our Church.

of these fiends incarnate were in One of the mounted mobbers We preach what we understand unison with the vengeful sounds then jumped from his horse and to be the truth and leave people

1 36 The Improvement Era for January, 1932

to embrace it or not, as they may while you do so."Standing went sionary who felt that his last mochoose,"etc. > to the spring and took a copious ment upon earth had come and

Such expostulations had not the draught. He was still very pale, that in a few seconds he would be

slightest effect in mollifying the his features rigid and overspread launched into eternity. He fully

lawless band, but rather exasperwith an expression of deep anxrealized the situation, his feelings ated them all the more. Indeed iety. being intensified by the expectation

it was not what the missionaries A desultory conversation enthat a bullet was about to crash might do for which these base sued, in the course of which the through his brain. The murderfellows had resolved to punish vilest accusations were laid against ous wretches paused a moment

them, but for what had already the "Mormons". The space of with their weapons leveled upon

been done, about one hour was consumed in this defenseless boy who folded his some of the this way when the three horsemen arms and said with measured debest and most who had left the party came in liberation: "Shoot."

respected sight. As they rode up one of The suspense of a lifetime

people in them exseemed to be thrown into the next that section claimed: few seconds. A whirling sensahaving em- \J "Follow us."tion passed over his brain and

bracedgospelthe timeAt Josephthis thention allwaswasbutdark.momentaryThis condiand

through ElStanding was when he recovered the positiond e r Standsitting with was unaltered—the murderous

ing's minishis back toruffians still stood with their guns t r a t i o n s. w a r d the leveled on him. The man who

They said horsemen, directed that the young Elder be "The Government o f Judd—grandmotherTeresa Hastings buter hadno soonthe murderedmind and countermandedsuddenly changedthe firsthis

the United ofShe Rudgerteas bornClawson.Oct. 3, command order by shouting: "Don't shoot."

States is 1812. embodied in

against you, Thomas Alfred the two words quoted been uttered HE men at once lowered their picture This Judd. is than to he leaped his feet there toand with T guns. appeared They then

teas taken from an a instantly bound, in wheeled so law as senseno the horrible of the character the old ambrotype,

Georgia for subject being 75 to face them, brought his two deed that had been committed. As

Mormons."years of age at the hands together with a sudden slap soon as it flashed fully upon them

At this point time. and shouted in a clear, loud, resothey were seized with sudden conthree horselute voice—"Surrender."sternation and instinctively rushed

men left the company and went together in a compact group as if deeper into the woods, for what seeking mutual protection from J$ MANpurpose they did not know. seated each other from the probable conclose to him sequences of the bloody act.

"pROM the time the Elders were pointed his Elder captured by the mob Standpistol at him Clawson ing seemed to be affected with a and fired. walked overburning thirst occasioned by the Young to where

Standyoung Standing which excitement undersuppressed whirled o r lying was he 'the wayhe was laboring. On

several times appealed to his capspun three ing, stooped tors for water and now an opportimes around and looked tunity was presented for the first upon his feet, into his face.

time for him to obtain it. One fell heavily The spectacle

Margaret Gay and his that met forward to the spring, the pointingof men, B. Clawson, gaze drink. sent to youngtold The him Rudger. upon the Hiramparents ofman was farthest from the pool ground, a shock

and in order to reach it would turned once through his have to pass close to several of the over, bringing his face upward and system that can never be erased mobbers, and while reclining to spread his arms widely out being from his memory. There lay his

reach the water would be an easy in such a position as to be in the companion so recently in the fullprey to any of the bloodthirsty shape of a cross. vigor of life and health—bright,crew who might take advantage As if moved by one impulse all capable and intelligent—now in

of his position to do him violence. those who had been seated upon the last throes of death. There

This possibility seemed to flash the ground arose to their feet. Sudwas a large ghastly wound in the

across his mind and he said: "I denly a member of the party, forehead directly above the nose,

don't wish to drink now."pointing to Elder Clawson, said the right eye had been torn out, the

The man who told him to slake to his companions in an aubrain was oozing from the place his thirst evidently divined what thoritative tone—"Shoot that where the bullet entered and the

was passing through his mind and man."death rattle was in his throat.

said: "You needn't be afraid; youIn an instant every weapon was Elder Clawson gently raised the

can drink as we will not hurt you turned upon the defenseless misdying man's head and placed his*

The Improvement Era for January, 1932 137

hat under it to keep it out of the he was going he indicated the genrum both gave the last full measure dust. He was then seized with a eral direction and said: "Over of their devotion.

deep and awful sense of grief, sucthere,"which they interpreted as All who read the story of the ceeded by a feeling of utter lonemeaning toward his home. tragedy which led to this monuliness which may well be imagined ment must know that Rudger

from the appalling character of '""PHIS martyrdom occurred on Clawson, in a supreme and crucial the situation. Under the circumSunday morning, July 21, hour, displayed the spirit and

stances he could only put his trust later, Sunweeks 1879, and two of courage is why a martyr—thatin God. rites 3rd, day, the last sad it. August we relate

As Elder Clawson stood gazing over the mortal remains of Joseph Lorenzo Snow's administration at his friend and companion he Standing were held in the Salt as President of the Church (1898was approached by one of the NaLake Tabernacle in the presence of 1901) was a brief but significant tions brothers, who said with ten thousand people. President one. Divine inspiration was given

strong emphasis upon the last John Taylor and President George to him and he formulated and word of each exclamation: 'This Q. Cannon were the speakers. The executed the plan which resulted

is terrible! This is terrible! This remains were interred in the Salt in liberating the Church from the

is terrible that he should have Lake City cemetery. The grave galling bondage of debt. The peokilled himself in such a manner."is marked by a handsome monuple recognized khis prophetic call,

ment of Italian marble erected by responded cheerfully and generous- ""pHE missionary perceived the the Young Men's Mutual Imly to the great law of tithing. As

intention to res6rt to the suiprovement Associations of the a consequence the debts of the cide theory and deeming it both Salt Lake Stake of Zion of which Church were met, the bonds burnimprudent and unsafe openly to he was an active member. At that ed and the saints rejoiced. Presitime the stake embraced all the dent Clawson's training as an exrepudiate it, replied: "Yes, this is

terrible."Then realizing the danCity stakes and Granite and Grant pert accountant enabled him to

ger of giving the gang any time stakes. render invaluable service to Presito (Sense the fact that to permit dent Snow during those historic

him to escape alive would be a INSCRIBED on this shaft is a days. He seemed so eminently

menace to their safety he saw there brief poem by Orson F. Whitfitted in every way to do a neceswas no time to be lost. He exney, the last stanza of which reads: sary and vital part in this epoch

claimed: "Gentlemen, it is a burn- "Our brother rests beneath his native sod, making period of Church history

are in the His murderers of hands God. sees the of Provithat one handing a leave die to shame man to

for Weep, them, not weep whose him destiny. his dence shapingin the this fashion. in woods For silent dust

Heaven's sake either you go and Here waits the resurrection of the just.'

procure assistance that the body T TNDER the most extraordinary may be removed and cared for, or This monument erected more circumstances Rudger Clawallow me to do so."than fifty years ago stands today son became intimately acquainted

He urged this point so earnestly moss covered and beautiful, a silent with Lorenzo Snow and under and vehemently that the gang witness to coming generations of these adverse conditions this friendconsulted a moment and then turnthe sacrificial devotion of Joseph ship ripened into confidence and folresults affection the and which the cause for which to said:ing to him "You go."He Standing miraculous. almost seem his brother and the prophet Hyloweddid go experiand the gruesome chapters review cannot some One

ence through which he passed in in his life without being compelled caring for and bringing home the to exclaim: "Truth is indeed

mortal remains of his innocent and than fiction."as Simplicity strangerbeloved almost were companion

the very vicissitudes Permeating ghastly and terrible as the actual By Florence Hartman Townsend of those troubled days is this conexperience of the martyrdom itself. filVE me one yellowed book, one soling thought—that oft times

Elder Clawson immediately vJ"mellow friend, the hours that seem darkest, the sought help to care for the body And I'll not travel roads that never end. experiences that seem hardest, in

to the highest are turned the end coroner's for aand to arrange flame, a hearty a fireside and inGive me trials bitterest of his Some after fame. good. scramble join the not hisquest. And I'll As he made way alone

resulted in his happiest and sweetacross the country in search of a

Give me a bit of garden by a wall, est experiences.

coroner he again met three of the And I'll not hear the gold of commerce mounted mobocrats. When he call. A proverbial patience, a flawless

fidelity, faultless faith almost an it flashedrecognized upon them bright candle burning on the Keep one decoupled a deep with in God, a they had heldhis mind that sill, conference, reconsidered their plans And it will draw me home whene'er you votion to the Church and all that and were returning to kill him. will. serviceit standsandfor, hasachievementsmade possiblewhichthe

But sustained again by that inGive me a door that swings in welcome shall remain eternally to the credit wide, altrepid courage which he had of President Clawson, of Rudger shall And I toready displayed, he continued find the whole world—at the Apostles Council of Twelve side. your

ward them, faced them, and in of the Church of Jesus Christ of response to an inquiry as to where Latterday Saints.

oJfmi go By Osteite Webb Thomas Ramon Vasquez, in his quaint way, writes interesting letters to Miss Bronson, his "lovely lady school teacher,,""Amigo"expresses the essence of friendship.

Decoration by CORNELIUS VANDERENDE

Sketches by THE AUTHOR

. i i-Js '* i

i%.jo

Mrss Bronson, and no movie pictures for many7;OMy lovely lady school teacher, miles, but for me, I love it in spite.

Somersville, U. S. A.

My very regarded teacher: 1 O begin, I was very until I remember you have ask me

You have ask me that I write you sad and downthrown on those to be Lone Scout, and also recall this correspondence when I am day you had told me goodby to a scout is brave. There comes presagain in my native land to keep the door of the train. My feelings ently on the train a so fat lady

touch together and continue my was mixed and divided. I am lonewith the eight children. These

improvement in my English comly for you and my dear schoolare not so clean they are also composition which I shall need in my mates of the U. S., but I am very suming paper bags of the candy on

business of life hereafter. joyous of my ancient grandmother sticks, and are noisy and full of

It is with difficult that I shall and Amigo, my burro, and mequarrel. I am comfortable in my

know where to begin this corresdium glad of the Padre, who has lone seat before they enter. There

pondence. It is of no interest to taught me my small knowledge is not space for the so large family.

nobody like you, beautiful Miss until my uncle carry me to the The fat mother stands in the cenBronson, this very hot climate of U. S. and I learn all from you. ter and appears very warm and

the plentiful mesquites and cactus I have struggle with the tears tired. The baby yells in an unThe Improvement Era for January, 1932 139

pleasant way. One very sticky tiful eyes also, but that is all right. The blessings of the Good Lady

child sits by my side. I arise up. Amigo is not a scout. Is he not upon you and peace follow in your

I present my seat to the so fat kind that he comes to meet me on footsteps.

mother. I go out onto Observathis so hot day I must walk home Ramon Vasquez,

tion. The wind is fiercely. I rein lonesomeness? I think he has San Josefa,

ceive a cinder in my eye. It is my hear the Padre read my letter to June 20. Chihuahua, Mexico.

daily good turn. I feel very nobly. my grandmother. He is very

wise, Amigo, but he tells me nothings. Miss bronson,

arrive Somersville, U. S. A. we

beautiful is a feeling and W HENthereacross the border Most kind in my heart. Miss Bronson, you IT is the siesta when I lady:—I have great joy in my

have not know this feeling if you arrive. Even the dogs are sleepheart when the Padre hand me

have not visit foreign lands. Peoing. The home has grown very your so kind and large correspondple talk to me in my dear Spanish smaller while I have gone. I am ence. It is kind you should miss

language. I answer them in U. S. surprise we have live in so small my presence in the U. S. where

I wish to speak in the same a house. The dogs are very thin there are the movie pictures and

Spanish, but how then will they but are full of love that I have the so many things to take the know I have attend school in the come. I make them silent for the thoughts. I have joy you should

U. S. and my uncle's money he grandmother and then I go softly think so kindly of my dear Amigo.

have spend for my education will to look at her sleeping. I am He is very wise. I will tell you of

be wasted. Then I must his wisdom.

tell them in the Spanish There is the Fiesta in what I have say in U. S. the Plaza of the village

language. It is very which I should greatly

happy. wish to see, but it is not

On the second day I kind I should leave my can see broad prairies t\ffi ancient grandmother. Her

ofcovered by cattle It is verylong horn. the i%Hk hersPeecheyessaknowy nothings,I am withbut

happy. By the noon time her. They have peace.

the train stop to obtain This woman who have water. The conductor care for her when I am

tell me it is the nearest to in the U. S. she is now

San Josefa. I dismount. in her home with her

He hand me my new many children. These

suitcase which I have exmany children have wish citedly forgot. With for go to the Fiesta. The

much groans the train two burros which they move away. I am very have will not carry the

alone. There is nothings but the frighten when I see this so very SO fat mother and all. They

water tank, and the train going old lady, like the dry leaf in auask me Amigo for the riding of away with great rapidness, and the tumn. I think she have die in her some to the Fiesta. I ask of them,

wide prairie with the cattle far off. sleep. But when she open her eyes How many? They give me an-

I have this feeling in my throat. they are not dead. Just the eyes. swer of five. I have the anger,

I have write that I am coming They are all which live. She look should Amigo ride five large chilhome but perhaps the Padre have at me and her eyes know me but dren to the Fiesta. I give answer

not yet read it to my grandmother. her lips say nothings. She is too of No. This mother has anger.

But could my ancient Grandmothold. It is very sadly in the throat Has she not care for my ancient

er come to meet with me? She and stomache when I behold her. grandmother? I have shame. Is

could not. The good Padre, too, She moves her head and lifts her this a Lone Scout's actions? I put

is old. I have shame. Is this a hand. It is as the claw of a bird. my arms on the neck of Amigo.

Lone Scout's actions? I take my I have memory. I lift and carry I whisper in his so large ear. I

new suitcase and walk forth with her in the sunshine. The hot sun tell him of these things. His

briskness. The heat is very much preserves her. It will not let her speech say nothings as my ancient

and is making waves before my die. She dries up. I know I am grandmother, but his wise brown

eyes. There comes a speck on the grown while in the U. S. I could eyes say many things. They tell

meeting of the earth and sky. It not carry my old grandmother me, Have peace, Ramon, I have

comes nearer. It sees me and still when I went away. I call this my more of wisdom than these five,.

it walks with slowness and suredaily good turn. When the Padre also the so fat mother.

ness toward my direction. I am comes to move her he is surprise. The five mount onto Amigo.

surprise! I rub my eyes. It is inMy lovely schoolteacher I must They have occupy all of him from

deed my loved burro, Amigo! I now cease. I have made the too the north to the south. They give

begin to run. I forget I am this long correspondence. I will use kicks in his full stomache and.

scout and tears run down my face. at one time all the box of paper strike with thorny stick. I have

Amigo puts his head on my shouland the Mexican stamps which you pain. Amigo walk slowly in the

der. There are tears in his beauhave so kindly give me. (Continued on page 178)

the Great By"JfOn Donald Edward Jenkins

I

Photo by D.E. J.

been Salt Lake passed, sevas has is approximately Night LAKE SALT will. nights the way one said, long and fiftyGREATenty miles At Sail on Great wide. When

goes out to visit all the islands and points Next morning low over our heads came flying two of interest on it, one cruises four hundred miles or friends of mine from the Salt Lake Airport, Lieutenmore. i ant Clarence P. Talbot with Captain (Doctor) M.

The lake has a reputation for being dangerous. Skolfield as observer. Though their main object

That is due mainly to the newspapers. When somewas to locate us for others, another seemed to be to

one becomes "lost"on the lake, which means stalled, lend us moral support by waving at us.

it is The Lieutenant did, however, give us a fine exhithe newspapers play the incident up—though

inevitable that somebody next day will chug out and bition of flying.

effect sportsmen a "rescue."The who ply this water

naturallysafely go unmentioned. after year year Even Simultaneously came the "rescue"boat, as I could

expect. operated a speedboat but was This by anyear, races are the several held each and manywhen

friend, excellence. other Olsen, boatman par Andy inside reference goesa gleaming won, to them cup is

on the sport page, where those interested are mainly In my party, besides myself, were three sedate marthe ones to notice. ried couples, one husband, a Minister, and another, a

Federal Judge. As the speedboat approached, the

ATE in June the writer, with a party, went out Judge remarked:

for what was expected to be a few hours'ride "Anyhow, they can't start a scandal!"

in a motorboat. The motor was an old automobile engine, proving to be quite worn out.

Anyway, toward evening it cracked, letting the heavy salt water inside the engine, the starter broke, and so did the clutch! Thus

we discovered ourselves condemned to paddle, as best we could, to the nearest beach, which was Antelope

Island.

There, while we jovially picnicked around a warm bonfire, the newspapers, under alarming headlines, hopefully feared the worst, the radio stations broadcasting, also the news of Many a Gleaming our awful plight. Cup is Won"

Salt Lake the Great this article in- E.ACTUALLY gives D. Jenkins many Salt JN

the safest Lake is probably details teresting world's one most of of thebody of water in the country for interesting and unique bodies of water—theboating. In eighty years of its

being navigated, nobody has ever Dead Sea of the West.

drowned from a boat on it. People cannot sink in the heavy salt

water, and with eight islands, a boat caught in a storm can always run behind an island for protection.

While it is true that a few people have been drowned along the shore, their numbers are nothing like those drowned in the fresh water lakes of the state.

From a distance most of the n islands look smooth, yet when f close one finds them much eroded, their formations, basically limeiBMl!

stone, worn into many striking forms.

The most important of the islands is Antelope, which is twenjHnHHHHH % ty miles long and about six miles across. Toward its western shore is a high ridge, sheep are put on flat barges, Buffalo on Antelope

with an eastern line of broken peaks towering skyone | and two decked, and Island ward three thousand feet above the lake. On it run towed to the shore and rail-

a herd of buffalo. Moreover, on it also is a great roads by a "cozy"with a Fordson tractor motor.

sheep ranch, at present stated to be running approximately eight thousand head. In pioneer days, it is DY permission of the owner of the island, sportssaid, the Mormon church ran thousands of head of men have been able to hunt the buffalo on Antesheep on it; then it was called Church Island. Cerlope. That is real hunting. The buffalo are most

tain it is that there are on it plenty of fresh water scary. The Island is full of ridges and rolls. When

springs. The number is variously given as eighteen the hunter comes over a ridge, off like the wind, over

to sixtyseven. However, at the present time all but the next ridge they go. Over ridge after ridge the

four have been closed in, to enable the ranchers to lohunter follows them. When he is about to give up,

cate their stock more easily. Some of the springs shut he comes over a ridge and upon them again—off overin may have been permamently lost thereby. The the next they go. It is a case of shoot on sight or

not at all. That is, it is thus unless the hunyuu: ) -ul::-':i'"m ter happens on one of the buffalo in front of

an escarpment or some place where the animal feels cornered, in which case, perhaps, the hunter will want to get out of the way.

Stansbury (Island, the second largest island, is twelve miles long, has a fine rugged mountain range upon it, and, with two fresh water springs near its center, it is excellent for stock.

Nowadays its south end is connected to the shore by a sandbar. It is named after Captain

Stansbury.

QAPTAIN HOWARD STANSBURY, U.

S. A., Corps Topographical Engineers,

made the first survey of the Great Salt Lake, back in 1850. For it he established his depot

or base camp on Antelope Black Rock Island Island. The lake must have

142 The Improvement Era for January, 1932

been at one of its low levels has no water on it, but has even then, for he drove his supplies, more birds than Bird Island, beef cattle, horses and mules some think.

over to Antelope on a sandbar which connected it to the mainrPHE island called Gunnison land. That sandbar.stood him is obviously named after

in good stead for the several Lieutenant J. W. Gunnison,

months needed for the survey, who, however, located his depot enabling him to get supplies, at Black Rock. Lieutenant Gunwhenever needed, by wagon nison also surveyed Utah Lake,

from a tiny but thriving comhad done so the autumn before, munity twentyfive miles dis- c \<1 while Captain Stansbury made tant, called "Great Salt Lake a reconnaissance to the north,

City."and, on account of scarcity of

The Captain divided his expalatable water along the north pedition of many men into three and west shores, a very dangerparts, all of whom, however, GR.EAT ous reconnaissance around the

o7ooele lake. For the Lieutenant's servsometimes worked together. One SALT LAKE

part was under his secondin- ices Captain Stansbury always command. Lieutenant J. W. had much praise. However,

Gunnison. The third was Gunnison's great services

under a Mormon civilian, as a surveyor of the West

Albert Carrington, whose are well known. The town

acquaintance the Captain of Gunnison in southern very fortunately made. Utah and Gunnison

Carrington Island, havCounty, Colorado, further ing one central peak, has attest his fame.

no springs, but is rich, as Dolphin Island, a waAlbert F. Phillips has terless, elongated pile of

written, in plant life and rocks, is named for its flowers. The Sego Lily, shape.

that delicate white bloom which is the state flower of Fremont Island, about

Utah, abounds on it. The Ranch House on Antelope seven miles long, is of imIsland portance as a sheep range.

A/TISTER CARRINGThere is a well on it, the

TON, when not with Captain sheet of spider web. The guano water from which, however,

Stansbury, made his depot or main attracts the flies, and, the flies the should be drunk only sparingly by camp on Promontory Point. Of spiders. humans.

him, in his report Captain StansWhite Rock, worthy of being Fremont is also called Disapbury has said: "He was without called an island, too, is also a bird pointment Island. John C. Freexperience in the mont, the pathuse of surveying finder, first reached

instruments; but, it in a rubber boat,

being a gentleman expecting to find it.of liberal educaabounding with

tion, he soon game. Rich in

acquired, under inherbage, this struction, the reshould have been quisite skill, and the case, but was by his zeal, indusnot. Hence Fretry, and good mont named it

sense, materially Disappointment aided us."Island, which genBird Island or erous Captain

Hat Island, withStansbury changed out water, is small to Fremont. The

and rocky, and Mormons had given the name ol called it Castle

Bird Island beOn Bird Island Island because of cause it is the its appearance breeding place for teeming millions breeding place. from some angles.

of sea birds. After the breeding Beautiful indeed is the view Notable it is, furthermore, that

season, for awhile the island is a from high on any of these islands. Captain Stansbury gave his assistgreat silver mass due to being comThe view from the top of Gunants the safer regions to be surline nison Island probably equals any veyed. To Lieutenant Gunnison, pletely covered—from water

(Continued on page 164) to water line-—by an unbroken on the Mediterranean. Gunnison

Have you recorded the emotion you experienced when you came into the presence of your "moment of exalted heroism?"If not> after you have read this article you may seize

the -pen and become, immortal.

The WritUen Word By

is the written word. a serene Sometimes moment Tj \T A Ppiprcrm have.YOURS

It is as free as the air you lose sight of is yours when you breathe. It is not the propchoking trivialities and get the

erty of the nobility, the titled nor the talented. It long level look of the spirit. The hour has struck

is neither Shakespeare's nor Milton's, nor his who is to seize the pen.

the literary genius of today. Writing is the property For one who keeps such a diary, the entire comof the plain people. It is his who will use it and plexion of life changes. Mortality takes on immorgreat is the use to which it may be put. tality. And like the ripple in the pond, the enlarge

All have ideas but we keep them hidden so that ment spreads from life to life. Even if written for

nobody knows it. How silly it is to hoard money. yourself in all privacy it will eventually bless others.

Much sillier it is to hoard ideas. So treated they are Good things will out. Pepy's Diary, written for

uninteresting and unproductive. The unemployment himself alone in an unintelligible code, found in the

of sound ideas is a social menace. Put them into good course of time its translator, much to the delight of

stimulating words so that others may read them and the English world. Yours may point the high road,

they at once go to work in the world. if not to the huge world, then to a few who live in

it and wander darkling.

I/"EEP a diary. Not the flat kind that records the The mail brought me last Christmas a precious

making of the beds, the mopping of the kitchen document telling the story of my mother's life of floor, the eating of a fried egg for breakfast, or such eightyfour years. She had written it in longhand

other details, necessary in the lives of us all but yet and afterwards had it typed. It was a pioneer saga,

such events as cast no light on the path ahead, your nothing less dramatic in incident and touching by virown or the reader's. Let tue of its Biblical simthe diary record your big plicity and sincerity. It

hours, such as surely was a great story crying come to everybody occa to be told, as are the life sionally. Hazlitt saw stories of thousands of

that life consists of moother early Utahns, not ments of special insight. perhaps to the general

Illustrative of such would public but rather to the be profound sentiment intimate family circle that stirred you on your who care so profoundly mother's birthday or at for a complete picture of

Christmas time, or a big their heroic parents who emotion that seized you are so rapidly falling in as you stood at the bier death like great trees and of a friend. Or again leaving, as the poet says,

they may result from spacious gaps in the sky passing through a long line.

affliction, or nursing someone else through f SAT yesterday by the one. In the discouragedeath bed of another

ment of it all you are at of these pioneer women, times blessed with moaged eightyfive. Her

ments of exalted heroism. saga was knocking, in

Don't let them get away. that late hour, at the

Lock them permanently gates of speech. Alas

in the best words you Brighton, Utah (Continued on page 168)

Big Sam Collins thought he would not take -part in the New Yearns celebration y but—he did y

and what a celebration it froved to be

He still sat stoically silent before the fire. The

boarders were avoiding Sam.

Blanche understood that they hated him for closing the mine, By yet craved his favor, should it open. Vilate

Raile

fFatherTime

'LANCHE'S face the seemingly perpendicular mounBlanche was thoroughly accusdrooped withBmelancholy as she tainside. tomed to mountain storms. She

stared from the window of the La Wild shrubs, fences, sheds, orelooked for the snow to fall in

Blanche Hotel. As far as her kindcars had all been obliterated. The great, soft feathery flakes, and for

ly, colorless eyes could see the vast only scars marring winter's smooth each flake to settle slowly, painswhiteness had extended itself, levsoft frosting were the deep snowtakingly, as if making itself comeling the gulch, climbing the walled paths cut through to chain fortable for a long stay, but today mountains and testing to utmost the cabins to the one open road; each fluttering particle added its

endurance the steepgabled roofs of making way to the company's weight to her burden.

the miner's cabins, which like rockstore, the hotel and the diminutive She still frowned as she turned rooted pines hung incredibly from church. from the window and walked

The Improvement Era for January, 1932 145

down the runner of red carpet to they had to taken a ten per cent money for years and years? Don't

the open fire, before which Big cut. Sat down on the job, cut you owe them anything?"

Sam was scorching the soles of his their work fifty per cent, stead of 'They've been paid."

shoes. Without ceremony she anfalling to, getting more silver out, "Money, yes! But do you think

nounced: "Sam Collins, you've and making things better. You you have the right to shut the

simply got to help turn these don't know a darn thing about mine down four days before clouds inside out before the New it."Christmas?"

Year.""Maybe you're right, Sam; but "It was on account o'the snow.

Sam took his feet from the firedidn't those men help you make Cost more to keep the road clear screen, shifted his powerful than we got out o'the bulk in the worn Morris silver."

chair, but made no answer. "That's the worst part.

Just 'cause you don't have BLANCHE contintodownget yourthe canyonold ore towagonsNilued: "I've been through wood you let us get trapped

caveins, snow slides, scores in the Hollow like rats.

of terrible things since I Even them that's got folks opened this hotel in Hadcan't get out. No Christdy's Hollow, but I've never mas mail got in. Telephone

been through anything like wires down, an'not a today. Christmas, and sixchance to get through to fix

ty or seventy kids disapem'up."

pointed.""The snow did it. Don't

"I don't see as there's blame me, for the snow."

anything to do about it.""Not entirely. You've

Sam turned sleepy eyes in been hintin'for a long time

Blanche's direction. 'bout if silver didn't come

"'Course there's nothing up the mine'd close. Course

to do about Christmas. The we didn't believe you.

day's nearly done, but the Didn't think so long as you

New Year can't find us folks could make expenses you sad as we are today. An'would."

it's up to us, Sam, you an'"What do you think we me. run the mine for? To give

"Me and you? How do men jobs, or make monyou get that way? You ey?"Sam snorted.

talk like I brought on the "Do you think we depression."want to take all the silver

"You didn't bring it on, out of the mine when we but you could help Us out can't get a price for it?

of it."Nix."

"Lot I can do, with my money all swiped."

walked Blanche "It ain't money, it's to the window. Even

hope they're needin', more'n the deepening twilight shein food or clothes or anything, could see the snowfiakes piland you are the only one ing higher and higher.

that can give them hope. "Easy five foot on the level!

Tell 'em the mine's goin'to Ain't it never goin'to stop open, Sam. I'll stage a big snowin'?"she asked aloud.

celebration New Year's Eve> Walking toward Sam she biggest ever seen in the Holadded: "Wouldn't be quite

low, in honor of it."so bad if the telephone wires

"You talk like an idiot, wasn't down, but folks feel

Blanche. You know, well like there ain't no way out

as me that the mine hasn't o'anything."

made money for the stock- "Shouldn't think you'd holders for most a year. Do have much to say about it.

you think we run it for our Your sonin-law gettin'health? Silver's bringing no away with all the money in

price at all."the bank didn't help, none.

"But runnin'the mine I'm one that'd like to get kept a lot of men busy, an'a lot Patsy turned to the group. my fingers on his throat."

of kids fed."She was white and still looking "Sam Collins,"Blanche clenched

"And gave them a place to talk as a gardenia, little and frail, her fist, and talked through her

RED, and act like heathens when but her head was high. (Continued on page 182)

eeding Two Coeds

on $1600 a Month By randa Snow W

Helen Ellis. Freshman Wanda Snow, Sophomore b

college girls can eat three nourishing, wellNeedless to say, our first few attempts at cookingTWObalanced meals every day during a month for weren't what could be termed crowning successes.

sixteen dollars. Any modern college man, After three days on fried eggs and spuds, we sped

reading that, would be apt to snort derisively and exout, and returned home armed with a score of cookclaim, "Of all the bunk! books. We have studied them

Why, I've spent that much as religiously and as profit- a week."of them inon one be Economy Contest anyably, psychologythis year, asor wereligioushave would probably heAnd

right. Nevertheless, it can be, ****JLflSStellsWANDAhere howSNOW,she aandcollegeHelenstudent,Ellis educationknow our calories,text. Nowour prowe been, done. hasand

teins, our carbohydrates, our A year, ago, when my helpedliving comfortablysolve theironfinancialeight dollarsproblemsa monthby room mate,.Helen Ellis, and each. We believe that many other college minerals, our fats, our vita-

I decided to "batch"together students have been able to hold their exmins and our markets.

this year, we made a sort of penses, if not to eight dollars, at least down first accomplishmentbudget which allowed each toandwheregirls itmightwouldfindseemit anywithindmbitioustheir powerboys /\UR of us $20.00 a month for to seek a college education. "The Improvewas to learn to cook the

food and rent. We expected ment Era"is eager to hear stories of econofood without burning it.that fuel and incidentals my—true stories—and will pay a cent a Then we tried making it apbest turned accounts the three for 'the taste. in petizing to of word out have to come Andwould each. words not than 300 more of

learned that last, we've allowances.our to make Now it: is are a college This you to do If how

the year is practically over, student at any of the institutions of higher it look pretty on the table.

and our accounts are ballearning in the intermountain region, write Besides that, we found out the cheaper foods, if preanced, we find that we have anhavearticleyourtellingregistrarhow signyou havethe articlecut expenses,as an that each spent an average of identification, and send it to Economy Conpared carefully, can be just $16.50 a month to live. That test, "The Improvement Era,"47 East South as appetizing, nourishing and

has included food, rent, fuel, Temple Street, Salt Lake City, Utah, on or attractive as their more exlaundry and newspaper. For before February 1, 1932. pensive cousins. The furors

food alone, our cash output raised by the country when has been $8.00 apiece. food experts recommended

Up to the date when we launched ourselves upon the cheaper cuts of meat seems to me to be without this batching expedition, neither of us had ever reason. Anyone should know that meat from the

planned or prepared a complete meal alone, nor had neck of a gentle cow is just as nutritious as that from we ever received any instruction in the culinary art, her loin. The problem is to make Bossy's neck look

outside of the little information we had unwillingly as appetizing as her hind quarter. This we have long

absorbed at home. since learned to do.

The Improvement Era for January, 1932 147

We learned to make our menus TXTE were at something of a disin time for breakfast, have somethe most adjustable things in the advantage, too, it would thing cold at noon, and eat at their world. If we had planned to buy seem, in that we usually bought friend's place at night. But that

lettuce, and cabbage was cheaper, things in too small amounts to be hasn't been the case with us. We've

we bought cabbage. If that was able to take advantage of the bulk never missed having breakfast one

too high, carrots made a good salsale prices. To show how small school morning this year. We

ad. That old myth about using our purchases usually were, here learned to bank the fire; so we

leftovers, covered with a bit of is a page from our account book: could always cook at least a stew

dressing, for salad became a true milk, 10c; bread, 15c; eggs, 17c; for lunch. And our evening meal

story in our lives. If fruit was vinegar, 10c; spinach, 13c; salt, has come to be something of a ceretoo expensive, we fell back onto 10c; butter, 33c. Still, there were mony with us. The times we've

the small supply of canned goods times, when we wanted only one eaten out have been overbalanced we brought from home. We green pepper or three sprays of by the times we've entertained our

learned that cakes, muffins and parsley along with the occasional friends at meals.

biscuits could be made with butroast, that the clerk wouldn't even Not only have wegot along termilk and soda as well as with charge us for so small a purchase. merely lived. We've celebrated

us, sweet milk and baking powder, Everyone has heard it said that also, and enjoyed it—both of and that even white sauces could it's easy for batching girls to live and our friends—on $16.00 a

be made from sour milk. cheaply because they don't get up month.

PILGRIMAGEBy Mary Wale Woo/sey

Out of the East, a Star!

Out of the skies, a song!

Wise Men, led from afar;

Shepherds, tender and strong;

Down thru the years, a tale Thrilling sweet to unfold—

Bearing me back, it seems, To sacred scenes of old:

The desert wind is cool against my face; And Bethlehem's heavenly music

The shifting sand, a cushion for my feet, Of peace, goodwill on earth,

As with the caravan of Magi old Rings out in strains immortal

I go, tonight, the Bethlehem Babe to greet. To hail Messiah's birth.

A radiance such as no dawn ever knew Though heard but once, yet truly Descends from yon bright Star far up above, To echo evermore—And marks the place where we shall find the King—No other hour so wondrous

To whom we bear our little gifts of love. In all Earth's treasured lore.

What though the flying years Wise Men and shepherds kneel in reverent awe

Count centuries since that day? Beside the Babe... but I must stand apart,

Though the land where the bright Star shone For here, alas! Time holds restraining hand,

Be thousands of miles away? And I can but adore Him in my heart.

What though no trace be left Yet He will know and measure my devotion,

Of the path that the Wise Men took? And if He finds me worthy, then with these

My guide is a glowing page I too shall stand, sometime, within His presence

In a great and holy Book! Who counts not space of time, or lands, or seas.

Here stand I with the shepherds on the hill. Oh, Holy Babe of Bethlehem,

All silent lie the flocks of patient sheep. Year after changeful year i

Below, the darkened city slumbers still; Thy sweet, loved story, told anew,

Then—suddenAbove, the countlesslight! Oh,starshappya vigillisteningkeep. ears And'PerfectsBethlehem'sour ChristmasStar, eternalcheer.

That hear the visiting angels gladly sing, In glorious heraldry,"Rejoice, all people! for to you this night Shines on through all the ages—

Is born a Savior, who is Christ the King'!"Still leading unto Thee!,..(

Daughter ofA Chapter Six

live days. the Conrads. "I with I work ler every to school mat Gloria, day—no whose In which I I the clean courtnights. to school go is. rls gi the weather These what

is a house. says custodian Judge to service,life been given had education"have to have nicer simply I a janitor. hundred than weigh word

broke away from the farm fifty now. I had a ride in an auto. It

and took her children to the wentbe a doctor.fifteen milesThe antownhour.is deadI'm fromgoing theto

city, where they might rebottomhas a littleof thehouseboomwherefallingwe out.can allJudgelive.

ceive an education. He got it for taxes. The girls must have

schooling. It is free. You must come.

Bring Father if he will come, but you must come anyway. The school is only

little house. the blocks We two from Eels. Turfirst. starts all October will School work. 1 IEARS.

Radishes."nips. "PElderberries. I tall."feet six am

Gloria read and reread the cipher Peter.

far into the night. That had been Gloria flushed scarlet, turnedPeter's promise to her—-a cipher pale, and flushed again. While

message, when a letter awaited her seemingly busy dusting the counwhich had been addressed to the ter, Mrs. Bottling had kept a carepostmistress. She rose early and ful eye upon Gloria's facial experformed the household tasks pression.

with a rapidity that made Aunt "No bad news I hope? Peter

Catherine gape in astonishment. well?"

Then giving Nancy full instruc- "Peter is wonderfully well and tions for the simple dinner, Gloria busy and happy. We are all proud

went for the mail herself, taking of him."If Mrs. Bottling suspect-

"Prance,"who was now old and ed that Jonas did not know the docile. whereabouts of Peter, she would

"I brought you a dozen of my not rest until, in a circuitous manchoicest eggs, Mrs. Bottling,"Gloner, she had conveyed the news to

ria handed over the gift preparahim.

tory to making her request. "Have

we any mail?"

"There's two bills for Mr. LirITTLE Claire could

Whittman,"Mrs. Bottling made not be left to the fitful care of a

no secret of her examination of all father unskilled in the care of a mail as far as possible, "two farm delicate wound. Her injured eyemagazines and I got a letter for ball withered in the socket; the

you."When her hand was secureeye lids puckered, drawing her face

ly in the egg basket, Mrs. Bottling into a slight twist. And because

produced a bulging letter from her Bruce never looked at her when pocket. "Came addressed to me. he could avoid it, the child develPeter has confidence in me. I like oped a piteous, lovehungry exthat boy. He saved my cat once, pression.

from being killed by a train. I "I think Bruce had better leave

gave him some ginger cookies that Claire with me this winter,"sughad got hard. After that, we was gested Gloria. "She would be

always friends."dreadfully lonesome over in his

house."GLORIA was ab- "I see no objection to Bruce sorbed in her letter. Page after staying with us,"added Jonas. page she scanned rapidly, knowing "The boy's room is vacant—it

there would be many later readseems Peter is not coming back.

ings. A thin slip of bluish green And Bruce has always treated me Aunt Catherine felt urged to

paper fell out. "Pay to the order with more kindness than did my protest, ''You're killing yourself,

Gloria,""Just she admonished. of Mrs. Jonas Whittman—fifty own sons."because Bruce no is moving in,

dollars."Why it was money from "If Bruce stays with us, he need to make such a celebration

Peter. He must have a job! should promise to drive the gills of it."

By Ivy Williams StoneMartha

"You have an obsession on that must have it. Somewhere back Jonas was writing a poem, over

subject of schooling."Jonas could east, I read where they put a man which he had labored for hours. It

not accustom himself to such a in prison because he refused to send seemed so garish and harsh to be positive statement from a woman. his children to school."constantly interrupted by the petty

"If Bruce stays, he must do so and Aunt Catherine threw up her irritations of his family. He really

so. You say so. I say Bruce hands in astonishment. had no objections to the girls gomay come here under any condi- "And whose children were ing to school, but Gloria was gettions I may wish to impose. We they?"she demanded. "Who has ting too independent. People ofare using his land with ours—-"the right to say what shall happen her complexion were apt to be that

"But we must educate our chilto a child except his rightful fathway, if they ever got the upper dren at the time they are receperr hand.

tive!"It was a good, new word, "Jonas,"Gloria's voice trembled "The ballot seems to have

and Gloria had spent time learning at first, but gradually gained steadturned your head,"he answered it.women—the"New fieldsgenerationare openingdemandsup for iness,school."theseAfterchildrenyou are mustgone, gowhatto absently."That is my decision,"calmlyit—the state offers it—our children will land mean to girls? Are they replied Gloria.

to grow up in ignorance, marry "If Bruce wishes to haul the uneducated men, bear children girls, well and good; but there

to whom the doors of education shall be no must about it."Jonas

are forever locked? I beg you, I returned to his dictionary. What

implore you, my husband, give to word rhymed with self?

the girls now, while they are young. Leave them nothing

when you die, but give them eduLjIFE gave no proscation now."pect of opportunity for the girls.

"One tongue is enough for a At the best the village school was woman,"countered Jonas. "The held for only five months, and

great poet Milton said that. It tugging at the heart of Gloria was

doesn't hurt a girl to work."Peter's urge to come to the town,

"A girl can be a good worker and the craving of her own soul.

who can read and cipher too."The books she had wanted to

"We'll stay here, gladly, Father read, the music she had wanted to

Whittman. It would be sorter play, the pictures she had wanted

to sing, all these things should not coldyonder—besidesand lonely inI neverthe housewas muchover to paint, the songs she had wanted

of a cook,"Bruce answered, when be denied to her children. She

responsible for their Jonas invited him to come.—shehad broughtwas them into the world

VLAIRE slept with welfare. If Jonas would not, she,

Aunt Catherine, much against Gloria, would have to do it, atone.

Gloria's wishes, but it was Bruce's Throughout one entire night choice. Gloria and her three girls she prayed for guidance. Jonas

occupied the same old room. Jonas had such a fine mind and he, too,

allowed no one to disturb his rest, in years gone by, must have had so Bruce took his former room, similar urges, else why the piano, where the walls still held the Inthe library, the conservatory, the dian pictures he had made for Pephonograph? But already he was

ter when he had first come into the suggesting that Nancy should learn

Whittman home. to milk. He was her husband.

betWhen Bruce moved in Gloria "For richer—for poorer—for confronted Jonas in the library. "If ter for worse—"But his life was

I am to wash Bruce's clothes and decided. He had had his chance.

cook his meals and care for Claire, These children were in the formnext ative he is to return The make to me by period—plastic. their enten years three to would driving mold daughters our

Illustrated by tire of life. Jonas had every span school day,"Paxil S. Clowes

150 The Improvement Era for January, 1932

achieved his one great ambition Then Gloria tiptoed into the partrack that had carried Gloria to two sections of land and a gravel lor and in the half light of breakthe Golden Spike Jubilee. But

pit. What right had they, as ing day she gathered her gourds this was no longer a carefree

parents, to deny ambitions to chiland added them to her pile. She Gloria. She was a determined,

dren, even if they did run in other did not take the phonograph, nor resolute woman who had burned lines? All she wanted for them any book; she took none of the her bridges; a woman who had

was a roof over their heads, and a food she had prepared. But the taken her children away from her

school, and food. gourds had come to her, for herhusband. "For richer—for poorer By morning her decision was self, from far away Africa. She—for better, for worse."The

made. She journeyed to the store would never leave them. car wheels seemed to beat a rhythm

with the old buggy and amazed "How the seeds rattle, Mother,"to the refrain. She peered out of

Mrs. Bottling with the size of her whispered Nancy. the murky caboose window as the

grocery order. She took no wheat "They are getting old and withtrain sped through Jonas'meaor butter to trade; but when the ered,"replied Gloria. "When I dow; she fancied she saw a thin

rice and raisins, the currants and no longer need them, there will be curl of smoke from the chimney.

baking, the spices and dried fruits three for each of you children."Would Catherine remember that

were stored in the buggy, Gloria She sliced the bacon for breakJonas liked his bacon crisp, but laid down the bluishgray paper fast; laid the kitchen fire, set the not burned? Would she serve the

cakes gradually, or would theyin payment, as though fifty dollar table for four—Jonas—Bruce

feast? Would Brucemoney orders were a daily occurAunt Catherine—Claire. Against have one big

rence. That night she stoned the Jonas'plate she propped a little do the milking?

raisins, cleaned the currants; all note.

shethe next day baked and cooked "I to will I Peter. gone have and He and work town TiHE cleaned untiland even CathAunt girls the I in keep school. will come of her. ahead and Peter lay How felterine protest. urged back to whenever to will promise have you

"You're killing yourself, Glothem driven to our school. I will have the town had grown. She had not

ria,"she admonished. "Just becomea placeto forme."you whenever you want to beenstreet therecars hadfor nosevenhorsesyears.this time,Thecause Bruce is moving in, no need

to make such a celebration of it. but a pole that carried an elevated

wire. miracles that from More atBut washed had that, I admit I'll enjoy that A RAIN Edison. confusion Noise andfruit frost cake."over the road; had man an early

all smiles frozen the ruts, until the twins—and here was Peter,

whimpered because their shoes were and store clothes, his curly brown

Gloria did not ask thin and their feet hurt. But Glohair no longer refractory, but

like herBruce ever to cut wood; she was ria paid no heed. She hurried them smoothly combed. How

still young and strong, and her axe along, through the chill early brothers he was! Tall, lean, built

rang as it with for determination new would boy who air, station. to the morning As endurance—a

logs. the desired, a getfell upon that he thing which Nancy helped the route paralleled the river, she

with the carrying of the water, and noticed a huge rock out in the river boy who would never give up. Bethe huge washing which had accubed, that had been smoothly side Peter stood another man, self

mulated. All the dishes of the rounded from centuries of erosion. assured, smiling, and Gloria had

house were thoroughly washed; all Gloria did not know the word difficulty in recognizing the lad

beds were changed; Gloria scruberosion; but she did know that the who had come to the house at

bed the floors and the halls. She rock was worn from the contact night, hungry and footsore, the lad

served a heavy supper of pork and of endless waters. Life was a river, who had left bearing the scars of

fruit cake; she managed to keep all and she was a rock. She was being Lott Gascom's dogs.

the family up later than usual; her worn smooth from contact with "It's all arranged,"explained

last act before retiring was to heap trials and conflicts. Peter making little movements

the his his in the see that tune with wood and box with hands agent obligingly flagged a Thereservoir all speech. available and buckets a "Judge Conrad owns train freight a sent to message and

fullwere water. of for little house he bought which Peter. children having were The

taxes. delinquent Yes,"added slept Jonas peacefully, confident first their train ride, the over samethat Gloria had taken her rebuke Peter, "I know the meaning of

and there would be no further fricthat word, Mother, and lots more tion. Bruce hadn't had such a as big as that too. Pretty soon

meal since his wedding night. LitNancy can come into a spelling bee

tle Claire snuggled into the emwith me. Well, we're to live in

brace of old Aunt Catherine, gratethis little house, and I'll work and ful for any morsel of human affecyou can find something to do too, tion that fell her way. and we'll keep these girls in school.

But Gloria did not sleep. She This is Francis Conrad, girls."

wakened Nancy and together they "We can't take the house for quietly packed the few personal nothing, Peter. Never accept somebelongings of Gloria and the three thing for nothing."

girls. They had no change of "Nothing indeed!"scoffed Franshoes; they had no best coats. Even cis. "I like that. Who steeped

their all made a pitfully small pile. (Continued on page 186)

Hawaiian NocturneIS By -J Fred L. Goddard

Photo Courtesy News of Haivaii, Honolulu

heavens a star as "The day is and the yet has pulsed jewels universe, of the gleamdone—not earth are enchanted"like diasparkling ing and the earth. fading sunlight to THEthrough There

dust. mond is of whisper no dusk is gathering air—the breeze stirs the leaves and branches of the A faint rapidly in distant the ravines and canyons and hollows of the hills and mountains. motionless trees and shrubbery—sways the drooping

Tall and slender coconut palms rear their feathery fronds of the indolent palms. New sounds are borne

crickets chirp vagrant of by the fronds against a breeze—the blue sky as aloft—silhouetted rustlings leaves whisperings the and silent. lies onward—the soft ocean dead beyond The day—motionless, of strumming monotonous an blue cloudflecked as—the and under the arching heavens, ofukulele—the with its eastern horizon darkened by the gathering melancholy deepthroated hooting of an owl—the

swellgloom. In the branches of a great banyan tree nearanswering cry of a Hawaiian nighthawk—the

by, a noisy swarm of mynah birds chatter and scold ing cadence of Hawaiian melody.

as they settle themselves for the night.

From afar comes the murmur of the sea. A FULL moon rises over the sharp pinnacle of

Diamond Head, flooding the city in a cascade light, silvery changing the and highlands of Oahu eastern restless the of horizon, ""PHE dusk deepens—the into silver. of a mystery ebony and hollows, slopes ravines and canyons, the wooded

of the hills and mountains—the city itself—all are

steeped mystery. in profound western horizon are earth The deep and the The heavens enchanted—the of the slumbering is faintly ocean tinged with mysteries. the lushadows are peopled by The moon glides

minous glow of the sun which has long since sunk past the drifting cloudbanks and sinks below the sea below its rim. Lights twinkle brightly through the rim.

mantle of darkness—through the dense foliage—mass The city is cloaked in silence, and the darkness of—the velvet dome of the sky is studded with the night reigns.

Left No AddressMoved

Little Tucker Tommy Sings supper. By for his

What does he get?

White bread and butter. Bryce W.

Anderson

you, I F you must have a "Letter for new kind of Christmas story, seek Mr. Tucker,"he called

elsewhere, dear reader, for here in a thin, apologetic you will find a formula as old as voice.

storywriting itself. But Tom veered toward

if you care more for the desk. The clerk

what is in the package removed the muchpost- than for the red and marked and readdressed green paper in which it envelope from the pigis wrapped and the eonhole and thrust it

Christmas ribbon with into Tom's hand. Tom

which lit is tied, you looked down at the enmay find some enjoyvelope, and as he did so the tune ment in the tale of one died on his lips and a look of pain

Tom Tucker, who sang and sadness swept over his face.

for a living. I have given you fair Then he turned and stumbled

warning; now read on at your hastily up the stairs to his room,

own risk. without a word to the clerk.

I will spare you the details of his room,Tom's departure from home; suf- W:ITHIN

fice it to say that it was not a hapTom sat down heavily on the bed py one. Leave home he did, and and stared for a moment at the

write home he did not. The envelope; then he cast it upon the

memory of certain bitter moments cheap dresser. A sob racked his

which preceded his going remained body. Rising, he walked to the

with him and stayed his hand window and stood gazing out at when he would have written. So the dull gray city which hummed

the short hand of the clock made about the Elite Hotel. The letter

many circuits, and many leaves lay peacefully upon the dresser, were torn from the calendar, bequite oblivious of the suffering it fore Tom finally did write—not had caused. Its original addressto his father, who had been, Tom was: "Mrs. Ezra Tucker, Route

letments—butfelt, the causeto ofhisthosemother.bitter mo- 4,wasOshkosh,sprawledWis."in the Acrossbold redits face

reathe a postoffice ters of stamp is over and prologue the Now to its return for son Tom: the goes show curtain up onthe itself. "Moved-—Left No Address."

The city upon which Tom A muchpostmarked and read- gazed appeared even more than dressed envelope reposed serenely usually cheerless to him at that within pigeonhole number sixteen moment. The gall of regret was

at the desk of the Elite Hotel. It his. Every hour that he had deso happened that Room 1 6 was at layed writing home now smote

that time occupied by Thomas him with a violence of its own.

Tucker, singer. "Moved—Left No Address."His

The clerk at the desk, a small, folks were gone; he knew not

thin young man with hornrim- where. The red lettering of a postmed glasses and very little hair, office stamp mocked him for alooked up from the detective maghead-strong fool. "Moved—Left

enough Simple Address!"at the soundazine he was reading No to the stars, Looking up Tom pain a cargo of words, footsteps but what and approachingof solely his merstarted sing to for

ry whistling. own amusement. they carried to Thomas Tucker!

154 The Improvement Era for January, 1932

There are some who grieve easkeeper said that Mr. Tucker had habit, as though nothing else were

ily. There are others who go expressed an intention of moving left in life for him.

through life with a laugh ever on to a town in Illinois.

the lips, a twinkle ever in the eyes. "No, he didn't say the name of

Carefree, we call them; yet it is the town,"declared the merchant JrllS wanderings this

upon these that sorrow sometimes in answer to Tom's query, "but I season took him farther north than inflicts its deepest wounds. Such think he said it's somewhere in he had strayed before, back toward

so he Oshkosh. one evening And the central state."part of the thewas case with Tucker. Tommy

off at a station lonesome left in little the store a depressed dropped worried over his hadHe Tom home folks, but somewhere in the back house, his mandolin clutched beof his head (or perhaps in the neath his frayed coat. The sign

depths of his heart) had lurked over the door of the little station a neverexpressed feeling that some 2 C\>[/V read "Perkins Corners,"and the two or three dozen houses thatday he would return home. But

litthe in twilight **. loomed up lent that more.now was no home Bp, tle distinction Still, to the name. his parents gone. wereAnd Re-

- they were comfortable looking itsmorse shot at bolt heart Tom's after the homely, fashion a perfect, scoredand bullspainful fcCg f/JvX farm homes, but a emanating eye. 1 houses,of

IS vfl 3 sort of cheer through their curIn windows. of many S tained

these windows Christmas hung afternoon, i'i T,HAT HIM bells and wreaths of holly and in his resignation.Tom handed HlMr*

His manager stormed and pleaded, T|H poinsetta, and Tom recalled withbut to no avail. Tom was firm. ** "-jL out any glow of warmth that it

Tom had been singing for his rwKi>ulFE1.1f1 was Christmas Eve.

supper, also for his lunch and As Tom shuffled down the street breakfast, ever since he had left state of mind and took the first that led south from the station, home. The salary he had received train for Chicago. looking about for a place in which

had been meagre enough, yet, in to spend the night, he was struck a strange by familiaritysome inexplainable these about manner Tom there he work- r ROM dwellings. tohad reof managed them "put Many a litaway ed his visiting south, way

tle."little his old each minded the him of on he home On that began the hamlet along to inquire the road

search route for his lost in Oshkosh. parents. A couple all of if might anyone rural who know of stores First loomed right, he to went up on his Oshkosh, and of by recently name Tucker had

inquired of his former neighbors been added to the town's populaand over a door of one of the store buildings caught whether sight he they the of knew where It his tion. slow, heartbreaking was

parents. S. Office."Post words,"U gone. had For answered They work. every At hand he met with

all, at no good reason him negatively, without excepTom paused stares blank headshakings. and

before tion. the sign stared curiand Tuckers The had just moved

it. at ously away, he nobody And now where. saw some knew Tom Once,thoughta weekhe hadoutreachedof Chicago,the endhe

smaller letters expected neither the legend, friendliness below nor of the trail. village constable A visible barely in sympathy the pale light ol from these got folk; he informed that a family him of

the no Christmas more moon. than stepped he expected. He Mrs. Tuckers just had into "the moved

nearer, Sullivan, at peered and them. "PerTom's former nextdoor old house."Chisum hastily Tom kins Corners, neighbor, Wis.,"letread spoke the the opinion the of extracted officer the from the of

ters.entire heart little Tom's gave a neighborhood said she when details law of the location this of

leap. freight train That caused "You've must folks your edifice, there, and rushed to only

Jhave carried farther grief, him than enough he never Tom. They find the in question a to man be had thought; he bein'got over supposed had sorry you left. Nathaniel Tucker—"just come

still himself Illinois. to be in to wanted But, They from get away no'th from Tennessee, suh."

after all, it difference their old what did surroundings start and green yelleaves turned to The make? turned again, over I guess. away and Tom you A lot low, red Chill and brown. winds shuffled cared! the street. on down wrote. never even You sprang ratup from the north and

And now I guess you're broke so tled them down from the trees. you want old your home then jTaND same winds chilled the bones back. The Tommy

late Well, it's too now, Tom. Tucker did of the something homeless wanderer, he had Tommy Your home's gone, and your parTucker. done before. Perhaps it wasneverthe

ents, too, and I just hope you Snow fell. Highways became Christmas spirit percolating to him

don't find 'em to cause 'em any slick with ice, and the world took through the lighted windows of more grief."on the frozen silence of winter. those cheerful, homely houses. PerTom felt of a returned letter in Another holiday season was aphaps it was the guiding hand of

jhis breast pocket and turned away, proaching. Tom was sick with Fate, that mysterious force which

his cheeks hot with shame and rediscouragement. It seemed that he gets blamed for so many happensentment. might well abandon the search, but ings. Who knows? Anyhow,

At the corner store he received it had now become an obsession, Tom pulled his mandolin from his first ray of hope. The storeand he sought from sheer force of (Continued on page 167)

Beauty in the Wome By LUTIE H. FRYER

Professor of Home Economics University of Utah IV and Emphasis Rhythm

find that in all races, monotony of equal spaces, for good from the very earliest time, proportion is necessary in repetition ifWEman has sought to beaubeauty is to be the result. Second. A

tify his dwelling place; he progression of sizes may make interwas created with what might be called esting borders for small rugs or even

a decorative instinct. From that time for draperies. This type of rhythm

to the present day, as civilization has produces rapid movement and is often advanced, design has become an immisused. Examples of this misuse is

portant factor in our daily lives, espefound when small panes of glass are cially in all matters pertaining to the set in a door in a series of steps, which decoration and furnishing of our carry the eye upward; or in the case

homes. of pictures when hung in like manRhythm is an important factor in ner. The eye is carried upward toany good design. If several people ward the ceiling and away from that

were asked to give examples of part of the room which is the center rhythm, the illustrations would vary of interest. While this arrangement

greatly, but each, no doubt, would is undesirable, a group of objects in convey the idea of related movement. which there is no variation in height is

One would mention the swinging lines monotonous. Third. Rhythm that is

of a poem or the beat of march music; produced through line movement may

another would suggest the graceful be found in the proper hanging of movement of a dance or the breaking draperies, so as to show graceful folds, of waves upon the shore. and in the running border patterns

Rhythm, in any problem of art, is used in various decorative ways. Certhe arrangement of lines and shapes to tain styles of furniture, notably the

give the impression of action or moveLouis XV and Queen Anne, show this ment. Rhythm is produced by the rhythm of line. Greek sculpture and

repetition of identical or similar lines Japanese prints contain line rhythm, or shapes, generally in a given direcand often there is a swinging movetion, as in the spiraling of smoke or the ment throughout that produces much swirl of draperies. the same sensation as does a graceful

Rhythm, then, is related movement. dance.

Plain surfaces such as walls and floors show movement, no but the moment Emphasisthat any of pattern form appears upon these plain surfaces, movement is cre- /-PHE eye and mind do not enjoy a ated. This movement may be organmere collection of lines, shapes, or

ized and easy, and thus rhythmic, or colors; they must be arranged into a

it may be very restless and disturbing, pattern. In all designs, whether a picand lacking in rhythm. ture, a chair, or a room, there should

be only one outstanding idea, all others 'TPHREE ways of securing rhythm Rhythm, gained through a progshould be subordinated. This outstandhave been suggested often (1) ression of sizes, creates a rapid ing idea is referred to as a center of

through repetition of shapes; (2) by movement of the eye as can be interest or emphasis.

progression of sizes, and (3) by reseen in the decoration on this The first thing to do in the decoratvase. well prothe beauty The oflated line First. movement. Rhythm is is ing decide a goto of what room

is portioned handle emphasizedgained repetition through shapes of this interest center ing of to and be it is as interest. center the of in be the repetition found ofmay it just should be emphamuch how the misuse example An of of in is a cabinet.drawers rhythm When literally sized. threeare a rooms this is Many in the rhythm found

secured through repetition of shape, arrangement of pictures placed ring circus. We all have seen the room

care must be exercised to avoid the against a wall in such a manner. wherein figured wall paper and pic156 The Improvement Era for January, 1932

tures were used, the floor was carpeted which show just a slight variation of pleasing transition is produced, there with rugs containing large, bold patlight and dark pattern are preferable will be an agreeable amount of moveterns, and then still further confused to those containing a noticeable movement for a background.

with figured furniture covers and a ment. Texture is of more importance

considerable amount of bric-a-brac. than design. Bold diagonal lines

The question may well be asked, Rhythm In Floor Coverings "Why are these combinations bad?"

Because the person who has such a OINCE floors serve as the base of the room has not been content to choose room and form part of the backan outstanding feature in the room but ground, the same good judgment has put equal emphasis upon all; and should be used in the selection of

the result is confusionfloor coverings. Diagonal lines should

It may seem paradoxical to define be avoided because they contradict the

Emphasis as Simplicity. But, next to structural lines of the room. This is

appropriateness for its purpose, the especially true when the lines contrast greatest quality of any object is simwith the background in strong light plicity. The keynote of Greek and and dark values. The lines of the

Japanese art is simplicity and from rugs should follow or rhyme with the lines of the successroom. most The their art that to we learn the way

ful designs carpet are those sugwhich achieve simplicity is to understand emphasis. The principle of emphasis gest interesting textures, and perhaps

states that attention should be called a slight vibration of pattern and color.

to the different parts of a design in orIn the furnishing of a room it is der of their importance. In carrying necessary to definitely determine how

out the plan of such an arrangement much movement is to be found in the in the furnishing of a room, first call wall and floor coverings before the attention to the important things and amount of design in the furnishings subordinate those which are less imcan be determined. A greater degree

portant. In the field of decoration the of movement is permissible in drapery

background should have the least emCourtesy II. Diuivoodey Furniture Co materials if the room has plain backgrounds. In case of phasis. is This an

example top.—An of a figured wall paper important law beautiful of chairAf containing the draperies should art: "Backgrounds interestlines rhythmic and be design. void of less be should conspaces. ing

spicuous than the objects which are At left.—This chest is a good

placed against example of rhythm gained Rhythm In shapes. repetition through of them."Furniture been has monotony how and Rhythm proporem- avoidedNote through good in phasis interior furniture

in tions the ALL as seen be can design are potent different width of drawers. should show

factors in producing stability rather than a sense of grace and movement. For this dignity—while reason, in the seleclack of either protion of furniture,

duces a feeling of one should select uneasiness and disstraight lines comcomfort. bined with restrained

curves which are both strong and In Rhythm graceful. much Too

Courtesy WilliamsNibley, Inc straight line in furCoveringsWall niture result will gained right.—Rhythm

as can in monotony or a/FTEN aa wall throughUpper easily connected paper or rug continuous line movement is sebe seen in a room pattern is very pleascured through the proper hangfilled with mission ing when seen in a ing of draperies. furniture when unpiece,small but relieved curved by

is lackchair Lower right.—This repeated over lines.when lines Curved ing proportions in rhythm. The a surface large as on suggest movement interesting. not are

itthe wall or floor, if and too many shows too much acpieces of curved line tion and fails to make an agreeable make the poorest kind of backfurniture are used background in every sense of the word. ground because they create rapid together, especially if

One enjoys decided rhythmic moveaction in opposite directions. the curves are exagment in small areas, such as in cushThis type of paper should not gerated, the room

ions or curtain materials, rather than be used in bedrooms because it prowill look restless. The best type of

in large areas such as wall papers and duces restlessness instead of rest and furniture is one in which there are rugs for large rooms. repose. enough straight lines to give dignity

The most effective background If a line design is desired it is betand stability, and enough of the rhythagainst which pictures, furniture and ter to choose a good stripe than a mic curves to relieve the severity of other objects are placed is one which diagonal pattern. In striped paper the the design.

contains no definite line movement. lines are closely related to the strucAn appreciation of rhythm not

For this reason sandfinished walls, tural lines of the room, and if the only enables one to purchase beautiful stippled paper and grasscloth are exdark and light of the stripes do not furniture but to arrange it in a room cellent. Next to these the wall papers show too great a contrast, that is, if a (Continued on page 163)

That Elusive Thing Called harmBy Adah R. Naylor

a ragged urchin with his bundle of pakindness and loyalty that made him pers shivering in the cold. Approachaltogether charming. But how imposing the boy he bought a paper, and sible to imitate him, because charm

paused to say, "My little man, you is the thing we ourselves express. Any

must be very cold on this windy corattempt to imitate the charm of anner."The lad looking into the kindly other would show the sweat of laface replied, "I was, sir, until you bor—and so fail. Charm is art came by!"Charm—the very essence struggle for it and it eludes you, purof it. sue it and it fades away—it must

The Prince of Wales is one of the ever be the natural, outward expression

Prince Charmings of the world of inward grace. The artist works and

toils perfect his to develop and particular in especially gifted not any friendrepel attract or you art, gives expression but he when line, attracts friendship yet the of he ships?

it, to naturally. freely does so and he his alike serves rich and poor andDO give personality your Does hostess strains to labors and The who its as will ambassador. good Kingdom radiance a out and warmth is entertain guests her never charmthat attracts people to you, or do you What is this quality in personality ing. Charm is ease, and we must do

incase yourself in a hard shell that which gives the prince and the pauper things without apparent effort, if we must be penetrated before your real alike that which the French call would be charming. Each person

personality can be known? ability and say to do his find kind and develop must own savoirfaire—the

attract friendships we Is When people the right the right thing at time? be never while of charm, and may we

say they have charm. it a something that must be born able to develop a personality as captiWhat is charm? with us or is it something which may vating as a Maud Adams, or attain

Ask fifty different people this quesbe acquired? to the robust compelling charm of a

tion and you will get fifty different The modern psychologist is very Roosevelt, we can cultivate the seed answers. Sir James Barrie, himself comforting since he assures us that which is inherent within us and at least

the most charming of men, answers it no human being is born without the be counted among those who "charmwith, "Oh, it's—it's—sort of a bloom germ of this magic power, though it the few."

it, If you you haveon a woman. within. In a few lie dormant may

else. anything need to havedon't it TTOW, then, shall we go about the And is give fully developed, others must

if you don't have it, it doesn't matter attention and cultivation if it is to cultivation of this dormant what else you have. Some women, become active. It then becomes a part power? Let us take off the lid of

the few, have charm for all, most of the personality differing in kind our personality and look within. We

have charm for one, but some have and degree according to the individmay be honest and moral, and sturdy fully in yet for character none."not charm. Isn't lack andcharm may We ual. that then conclude:may We

it girls Barrie, nineagree but that with rather the personality graces of are as different out there of kinds many will tell ten everyof they friendships? would you are different as there kinds of attract charm

rather be charming than beautiful, and people. Are we courteous?

all boys will admit that they want Do we think of others first and fine a personalityto develop which, last? ourselves

as think of charm we T XT'HENin Barrie's inference that spite of sense a of Have humor? we vv described Barrie, think by we is their belongs to only women,charm least last but not have an we And

in the terms of of Maud they too that of saying wouldway Adams—she heart? understanding

elfin fragile grace thelike——wistful—to charming. be If these possess not of do some we sweet voice, throaty birdlovely and is But charm? what traits character to of cannot hope we

like turn the personality head. of A is difficult define a It to thing most develop charm. much

attracts that enchants and It describe. to parbelongsor no civil courteous, to be be means To us,—yet

it! futile to to imitate try how Itticular place. or age be had may all attitude hutoward we owe—an

rich the are There outstanding other poor andby many beings. man alike-—neither

hovel nor palace is immune to it. types of charm. Theodore Roosevelt A selfish, selfcentered person is selwas cowboy, writer, statesman; he dom interesting to anyone but him-

T.JENRY WARD BEECHER, one was virile, strenuous, aggressive and self. It is the spontaneous act, showcold winter day, standing on a yet running through his personality ing thoughtlessness of self, which exbusy street corner in a big city, noticed was a thread of gentleness, of loving (Continued on page 169)

llful use of EnglishThem By Kenyon Wade Do you use English with the clarity, brevity, and just the shade of meaning you desire?

at quarters!"are adept he expression comof the your Ameriwe The "Go toUNLESS effective fourhis a casual can and manded, on leaving cowboy signs"to those "making

with whom we would word speech was ended. acquaintance:

his Bates, in Arlo "Talks On I I strike shall "Goodbye, hope ourcommunicate, must make we illusthis gives English,"Writing recalls again time,"the you some the spokenthoughts by known of the suppression tration nonof friendly retort the visitor a to of is heword; emand happy who essentials: city street to the car conductor who as rhetoric of shadesploys such brought, been having "Water gotten had with him: chummy as all fdodge colloquialismswill

Pilate,"Corelli to according Miss

I "I across again hope run youone the shadows. would

, (in this proceeded Barrabas) time."some case written the In of word—his hands, he lowering "Slowly

"putting our wordsoldiers on dipped them in the shining bowl, "Not if I see you coming first!"dress parade"—let us remember rinsing them over and over again "I calculate he won't show up,"

clearness:brevity and

"If I am ever obscure in my exinsparkledthe clear,in itscoldpolishedelement,receptaclewhich sayswest. the vernacular of the Souththere-pression, fancy that do not like fire."the "I against opal will he an presume not appear,"

I I really If deep.fore were am it to says the finds possible Bible proper Englander. The New

alldeep, underthe world would is all this in necessary say of that sfop to a standstill) at (come We Kingsley.stand,"Charles says a street the crossing, words: stay but we like clear founwriters, "Clear "Pilate at hotel. water, (dwell) took a a and washed put Whytains,"Landor, says Savage Walter his in hands.""congrat-u-late,"a "chew"

are."so not deep as they seem"do the in "ed-u-cate,"in into mazes of: "jew"wander a "toot"Why

all the are familiar with We is edifice "insti-fufe"that the, a (tewt) "This was in "doo"in returneditor, ofstory the who erected constructed dew, their a genand proper by when pronunenclosed the manuscript, aing long ciations tleman the are beautiful? commonly by known more

terse note:

is of where, Jack,"name "This off take "That was a good we it creation story of "Boil down; the that built,"house answers Jack at the theatre,"say, saw you meanwords."theof told in 80 world

is better far our purpose and more ing, of course, imitation.""a good

PHE lovesick swain caught the direct? The sophisticated "I will give your

spirit of this brevity when he AS a former teacher of English, proposition a write up,"is relieved poured out his soul in a note of the writer has found it posby the unsophisticated "I will two words: sible to speak correct English the write a description of your propo-

"Dear Mary: Will your'year round without resorting to sition."

To which Mary replied with slang or catch phrases for clarity equal directness: or emphasis. There are, however, j ET us not give the lie to "civil-

"Dear James: / will."those who still maintain the lat- i zation,"and let us "en-u-merWhen there was a mild mutiny ter of the following phrases is more ate"and never "enoo-merate:"

in General Grant's army, and the effective: and leave high out of "hipoc-risoldiers were later assembled ex- "Mademoiselle, your charms sy,"and remember no Nile flows

pecting a reprimand, in walked the are irresistible! I love you!"in "juvem7,"and not forget

General with boots and spurs, and "Gee! Kid! I'm stuck on you!"there are four syllables in "temper-

a red bandana around his neck. The raw "aunt"and "bath"of a-ment,"and "temper-a-ture."

The assembly was hushed in exthe middle west find strange conTo be correct we say:

pectancy. Grant stepped forward trast to the proper "aunt,"and "She was enrap-tured (tewred

on the platform: "bath"of Boston. (Continued on page 160)

Glancing Through Brief Summary of Magazine Articles* By ELSIE TALMAGE BRANDLEY

Harriet a voHoughton, 4: woman's Question No. the about How This Way Up

cational director of, advises note, I like wanderlust? If to go about

By MARGARET NORRIS young women to choose their work from place to place, I will not be hapas carefully as they would a husband. py in a schoolroom or at an office

(Collier's for Oct. 24, 1931) A few years ago a Jillof-alltrades job. I want to travel, and should find

could her way, today but a calls for make change work of lowhich womis article the written with specialize are cality. the ones en who who

of encouragingTHISthought among get ahead. Interesting gives girls the needing work Of course many money

young women the analysis of thrill of success in the doing, while immediately, cannot sit around and talents and vocations which incompatible work must inevitably wait indefinitely to find compatible will "keep square pegs out of round fail. work; but they can take a job which

holes."cites illustraauthor an The itself, offers eye then keep an and effort the assist girls. In to disintion in a a in estate real which woman desire. for the thing they open most covering interests their talents, the andfirm, rising, she rapidly where was is It their fair to themselves only and "American Association"has Woman's thatexplained her finding of method find love. they employers to Mework arranged a of guiding quesnumberthe "trial she liked purely work was failure diocrity the usually follow and tions trying which to find herself, one error."and fumbling through By a in a square situation of round peg vocationally, to ask her might ownseveral attempts, vocational and hole. advantage, that of andquitting because or of boredom by vocational a conference of workAt is: first I smart one The employers.Am therequest she manager, of happened it three ers are there that agreed was this profesfor enough job? Some it. estate, realinto liked and Her success in requisites any to sions intelligence, require unusual line—theexperience that similar to of was many in three Benjamin being up summed is girl a unfit entirely without whichother prominent who, now women industry, in- "Fs": three Franklin's for architecture them. medicine, Law, first fieldin of endeavor, one had integrity. telligence, are this type. of examples tried in others. of outbeen a number

question:Occasionally into view one comes Am The second1

physician, reporter or in enough! a profession chosenwho, having A girl I strong A Visit with the

realestate, insurance life,early years to it, but bondsaleswoman, devoted has concert "Mormons"dancer or agent, movie star, exceptional. cases aresuch Most

terrific able to stand be find the must thing singer to to have huntwomen By BRAUER CURT girls strain. it physical is would Weaker learned ofthey like, and much (Translated the German by from

office, desk. at in a better an do eliminating of the processthrough Bagley) Kemmie

I the 3 pnjoy: Will Question No. uncongenial. proveswork which

For many years employment for work? Am I temperamentally fitted (Dr. Brauer, a graduate engineer, and

and Council Educational the of for it? member undesirable andwomen was considered ColState Agricultural the of Architect has situationunladylike; but this Salt visited lege in WuppertalBarmen,

changed with other postwar changes. Lake City, in company with his two

Today records have listed "one hunbrothers. The following is a condensadred and jsixtyone vocational occupation of an address delivered by him and

have of which they someengaged—intions in which women are actively published in the "Millennal Star".)

Nowadays wommen."the bulge on X/TR. BRAUER begins his series

en, having comparatively little house- A of interesting comments and obkeeping to do, veer toward outside servations regarding the people of interests to save them from boredom; Utah, with the statement that for

others have to earn a living for themthirty-seven years following his first selves and dependents; others have a visit to the United States, he had held

driving ambition toward accomplishprejudices aroused during that visit ment which will not be stilled. Many by the people who spoke contemptuwho are in positions of prominence ously and with jllfeeling of the Morand unusual remuneration, have mons, in Utah. His second trip to

reached them through chance and hard the country found him soon surfeited work. Amelia Earhart, once a social with the sameness of the eastern porworker and a teacher, is now the prestion—a giant cauldron bubbling with

ident of a great flying organization; humanity engaged in a frenzied search

Ann Harding, a prominent screen star, for the dollar. "Time is Money,"

was, ten years ago, a filing clerk. the Americans cry, and truly does the

Chance took them out of these jobs, national picture prove their belief in and determination and effort raised the statement; but where, where in

them high in new ones. America is the true wealth—where is

leisure; where is the peace sought by

*Used with permission. the Hindu poet, Tagore?

160 The Improvement Era for January, 1932

light. The land He recalls having seen, thirtysev- music of our masters—such tones of in a radically different

en years before, a civilizationmap of indescribable, unknown instruments, was peaceful; its inhabitants bearers

America, on which the "enlightened"transporting us out of reality. Harof inward culture. "Here in the land

states of the country were distinctly mony of spheres, caroling angels, of the 'Mormons'as in no other place, indicated, and Utah was designated as nightingale's song; softly sounding is peace and leisure—the real wealth

a dark, evil, halfcivilized place. To out of the infinite distance; now awakof a Rabndranath Tagore."

the solitudes of the western heathen ening, deep and full coming nearer; To the "Mormons"in Germany,

land Mr. Brauer and his brothers turnwhole orchestras of trumpets, violins, he extended a hearty welcome, and

ed to find rest. One of the 40,000 cellos, bass horns, flutes. Was this concluded "In loyal and thoughtful

Chicago policemen showed them the music, that cannot be described, but veneration of your forebears, you have way to the railway station, and their only lived, the emotional expression of erected a marble roof, supported by journey began. On the way, they a people enthralled by a mad fancy? noble Grecian pillars, over the first

read certain recorded information about What kind of a people is this, that log cabin of the settlement. Even

the Mormons, and left the train with needs such a hall and such music for more impressive is the monument that the idea that these people were igits daily edification?"you have erected in the hearts of three

norant, mistaken, benighted; and above And here it was, at this moment, brothers, who have received imperishall hoodwinked by a low fellow, that the web of falsehood which had able impressions of your great deeds

Joseph Smith, who had made ridicubeen thrown about this people, beof culture, and who, before your deep lous claims to divine guidance; and came threadbare. religion, so manifest in your works,

by his successor in the Priestking- Mr. Brauer continues to explain the bow their heads in silent reverence."

ship, Brigham Young who had detruths which he found out concerning -*K<?iS5*5-

feated American justice by his untimeBrigham Young, Joseph Smith, and tells says people. thought,"Mr. ly death. of He "We the Mormon Use Skilful the 4&The of jolly sent, as will "this Seagulls, they surely bring miracle of the Brauer, T> 1 '7 Continued from

surprises!"were, to deliver the persecuted people rLngllSn page 158

the of crickets. plague from He first earliest surprise their was The tells not choord) with the scene."arts of the the Morof and sciences sight of of a group young Mormon

people who boarded the train at Ogmons, of their educational, cultural, "His famil-i-ar-i-ty (famil-tyarden. "We had imagined them, corartistic ideals, and the ways in which i-ty) was obnoxious.""He was

responding to the likeness of their these ideals have been realized. He covet-ous (tus not chus) of the

leader, Brigham Young, in seamen's declares that only work can speak of coupons (koo not keiv) but wa beards and frock coats; we had worth, and by the work of the Mortoo courte-ous (kur not core) to

thought the women to be something mons, he and his brothers learned their ask for them."

picture they had which The sly worth. like shy and Turkish women, eliminating you ever tried Have these people appeared first had of now these in exotic garments. Andand the "very, adverbs, modifying

just one all others; likewere people very,"leaving your sentence to the agreeably: struck us womenthing

and girls wore no hornrimmed specstand out clearly alone, "That was tacles, as most of the American women good?"Similarly, have you fado. Neither were they "enameled"miliarized yourself with the meanin no other term can one describe the ing of the words "wonderful,"

disgusting use of cosmetics—as the and "grand,"and do you always

others were. Nor did they sit use these words with caution born

prudishly and silently in a corner, but of a desire to give just the right merry,were gay and full of natural shade of meaning?

grace, tastefully dressed."were and

Going into Salt Lake was another The most ungrammatical sentence uttered, ever sheeps "Is them serene, a wonderful, wassurprise—this

is substiyourn?"euphoniously city, superior such peaceful, and

as they had not hitherto seen. Wide tuted by the correct, "Are those

streets with welldirected traffic; and sheep yours?"

these infamous Mormons—charming, *i|. Column (Kol'-um, never Kotlikeable people, with the reflected yum nor Kolume) does not find a

radiance of happiness on all their comparison in volume, which is faces, in every smile. properly "ume"at the end.

the roofgarden a hotel, From of to place Learn every word where the brothers Brauer viewed the beauin belongs a sentence:

ties of a oncedesert land, marit and veled. Trees, green fields, gardens, and To The Swan "She was going only to the

back of it all, the gleaming Wasatch By Helen Van Cott store,"means she was going to the store else. and nowheremountains. beautiful landscape A

of harmony first Swan!—in theirwas scenic store,"only to the "She impression. went OH white—all your she else means and one no went buildings next their inThe won hold imdo you symphony What divine

terest: the Temple, upon which the prisoned? to the store.

Mormons worked for forty years; the What crying note; what joyous song "She went to the store only,"

Tabernacle, an unbelievable archihas been stilled has the same meaning as the first forever in soul? to dwell yourtectural achievement, beinto brought

is voice given the power sentence. What a nail noting with or spike, and "My only object is to warn ecstacy? render such mute thehousing To seal—tounknown the of wonderorgan

world. "We heard it play, this wonOh the mystery of the melody unheard! you,"means the object I have is

to you. warnder organ. It played German to hear only that dying Oh Bird!—If is object you to warn "My inmusic neverheard German,perfection—Beeliving—music, only,"to meansthoven, Grieg you alone warn Wagner, Johann and notes divine 1 hear might more Then

Sebastian Bach, the classical sacred and understand! and not some one else.

New Year's Bells And then,first intheautumn,leaves every year when Rosary

By L. E. Flack Begin to fall, and chill winds blow By Florence Hartman Townsend

and bring Year's and YEAR'S New EVE TEW A nests hint of and snow, sparrows'A bright threads of happiness bells air; a ringing in the V eaves the beneath JPONI string hours with JC/ you, my scattered mistletoe everyEvergreen and left deserted until once spr'ng, Are more a Each precious one love bead of where.

. life were both.. when And new. clear soft ringing before Laughter and feathered hosts which southward the Then

fire's hearth fly glow; climes to warmer

carolers far across the Shall Lilting songs of pause, as they cross Fiance, and And if you go away, my dear, youth and spring When have gone, snow. down

... shall a rosary have Icy figures on on your graves and sing of I still the panes; the sweep of A momentsettle

of beads With on. memory breeze; times, olden snowy

Every ranch a wealth of white when Of the England that you know, of winter robes the trees. her renown

Bells of New Year, how they swell, like Which you so magnified; and e'er they

a stream of gold; fly away All the beauty of the new, the mem'ries Shall sing a newer song, to tell you, My Home in Canada

of the old. too, By F. Howard Forsyth

Ringing out the year that's gone, the Of the summer past, how England is year we bid adieu; today: /LOVE the boundless prairies as the

sailor loves the foam; green, still in, with Ringing joyous beautiful, and still hopes, the comStill

hills I love the coules and of my wild remembers you. ing of the new!

Canadian home.

-/aJSVa*- Would you give true joy of living to my forevermore,A British War Cemetery in First Kiss Give mesoulthen the open prairies where

France By Christie Lund the haughty eagles soar;

By John Russell T'almage TZ ISSED before? My memory replies: Where the sunshine is the brightest, and

-*V times dozen or river's the "A more."is song sweet,

in a expart (Suggested thought by But throbbing, singing heart my breezes denies: And the the wave long green grass

effectpressed the to that Rupert by Brooke... ever not "No, really. kissed before."in billows at feet; my

little he die while abroad should the spot of earth where he would be buried thenceWhere the meadowlarks rise up with forth forever "should be England.") at song breaking of the day; ter Mountain his And on the prairiedog: mound his

the headstones white upon row JZ)OW chirping is sound gay. Pierce By VestalV file Crawford stately in

proudly, Stand in mute eloquence, Here on moonlit evenings summer a calm 1LENT, as if the shadowed ages gone above the dead, radiance bathes the landWhile on the ground the verdant turf of Had passed thee by and sealed thy From low, dark East to where the silEngland's isle tongue houetted Rockies stand.

Is spread, a blanket, o'er their final bed. Placid, as if the snows of long forgotten

storms Give me just an old seaballad, and an

Far, far from home these valiant sons of Had swept thee by and left their whitened untamed, restless steed.

Britain lie forms And the open, open prairie for the freeInterred in their immortal battleground Calm, as if the hands of stalwart giant dom of my speed.

theyWhere long gods fought for freedom—and

die did Had set thy regal summit in the clouds! I can hear the rhythmic hoofbeats of

To save the future world from War's my charger on the sod, an And answering lifts rhythm soul harsh sound. my I yet is a face, And mask know thy on

to the excessive joy of God! leafy the lutes For lace of when April

far? England this Aye, butFrom square lattice in rainwashed the shade, aspen A the eagle As its loves eyrie, as the green mustang of

shall brooks a sing Thy throbbing song. its loves band, like some So lane or country meadow made the As loves, coyote the prairie, so I love bower, Intricate ledge crag by and shining of this Northern land. it eloquent ofSo England! Surely must rock

seem And all then shall heicar who listen That ye, ye honored dead, have that talk! mountain

same power Possessed by your young bard: Stature

that where ye sleep In foreign soil is by your By Veneta L. Nielsen

presence changed, Altered somehow, by subtle 0// skips along the street,: power of mystery deep, Her laughter

To be a part of England's vast Lighter than the songs of birds, domain And sings a formless melody

Now and forever more. So you Of themedefying words.

may rest And I, At home, and dream of wellWho walk beside her.

known sights and sounds—Step slow,

Decorously, poplar trees where robinsOf.leafy

nest, 'Arid those who see us never know

Of flowery lanes where Eng- T have more happiness land's rose abounds. Than she.

The Improvement Era for January, 1932

vs. Leadership

The results received during the past month from the Improvement Era campaign have been most encouraging.

Alberta, Cache, Lyman, Zion Park,

Pocatello, Union, Bear Lake, Logan,

Oneida and South Sanpete stakes have been reported over the top. Seventy

per cent of all the stakes in the Church have sent in more than fifty per cent of their quotas. Two hundred and sixty

wards have already been reported over the top and have received their rebate checks. Most of these have gone far

beyond their quotas, such as Las Vegas

Ward of Moapa Stake which has 313%\

Mrs. Deslie L. Anderson

Zion Park Stake

Honor Column

100% Stakes S. IS. Daniels

Moapa 158% Cache Stake Curlew 133% Kanab 1 18% and Springdale Ward of Zion Park Stake

Maricopa 113% which has reported the Era in every

Taylor 1 09% home.

San Francisco 107% Montpelier, Woodruff, Horn, Big 1Lyman 7% Franklin, Kolob, Juan, Davis, South San 1 1Alberta % are eighty stakes over and Morgan 1 1Cache % Teton quotas. their cent per Yellowstone, of

Zion Park 100% Deseret, St. Joseph, St. Johns, Ensign.

Pocatello:—..1 00%

Sevier, Falls, Lehi, Portneuf, South Idaho 1Union 00% Snowflake, Ogden, and TimpanHyrum

Bear Lake 100% ogos stakes are over seventy per cent.

Logan r 1 00% Rigby, Wasatch, Star Valley, Uintah,

Oneida 1 00% North Davis, Raft River, Palmyra, Utah,

South Sanpete 100% Mrs. Irene Williams Juarez, Alpine, Lethbridge, Nevada, East

Alberta Stake

Homer Englestead Carl C. Christensen Mrs. Jennie T. Swainston

Zion Park Stake Pocatello Stake Oneida Stake

The Improvement Era for January, 1932

Hard Times

Pocatello Stake; Heber J. Jensen, Alberta

Stake; Mrs. Julia Hiatt, Union Stake;

Ruth Simpson, Logan Stake; Mrs. Margaret J. James and Lyman Fearn, Lyman

Stake; Vilate Jacobsen and J. S. Christensen, of South Sanpete Stake were not

available for this issue.

Read The Improvement Era

Its contents will furnish you with inspiration and encouragement. It is the

magazine for every home. Its aim and

object is to make real Latterday Saints of its readers. Its distribution furnishes a

missionary service as vital as any, at home or abroad.

Wallace Secrist Logan Stake

Leading Stakes in the Number of

Subscriptions

Miss Virginia Daniels Ensign 600

Cache Stake LibertyOgden 1 4558 45

Utah 4 6 9 Jordan, Sevier, Boise, Juab, Mt. Ogden, Logan 463

North Weber and St. George stakes are Pocatello 44 6

over sixty per cent. Fremont, Malad, Cache 4 3 2

Maricopa 423 Los Angeles, West Jordan, Box Elder. Calif. Mission 4

Summit, Benson, Bannock, Hollywood, Grant 3 91

San Luis, Sharon, Panguitch, Bear River Idaho Falls 370 and Garfield stakes are over fifty per cent. Granite 357

Box Elder 357 The subscriptions to the Improvement South Davis 350

Era are running far ahead of those reNorth Davis 350 ceived last year. Success is only won by Salt Lake 337

Moapa 331the very highest leadership. order of The Mt. Ogden. 330

vs.problem leadership this year of is one St. Joseph 327

hard times. It is being well met. No. Weber 302

Photographs of Magdalen Sessions, Thomas F. Green Fremont 30 2

Bear Lake Stake Oneida 3Q2

M. W. Hendricks Mrs. Iretta T. Passey Elmo Clegg

Oneida Stake Bear Lake Stake Union Stake 1 64 The Improvement Era for January, 1932

4iOn the Great Salt Lake Continuedpage from142 who was recovering from very times get into the boats, where they often seem to be standing well serious illness, he gave the regions ride some distance at times before above the water, with sky undernearest the settlements, which at being blown away. These tiny neath them. Upon hot days peothe time were Great Salt Lake City, flies, however, do not bite, can ple along the shores will take on

Tooele, Provo, Payson, Farmingannoy only by their presence. the most grotesque and ludicrous

ton, and; Ogden, all flourishing They constitute the main food forms.

communities today. Mr. Carringsupply for our myriads of seagulls, On the north shore is a vast bed

ton seldom had to work alone with which early each morning flock of asphaltum, which extends out his party except when near his along the water line of the beaches under the lake.

depot. devouring them. From the lake bottom, at variFresh water from the few ous points, comes up a substance

lOR the survey the Captain constreams entering the lake does not resembling in many respects the structed a yawl and a skiff, the mix with the salt water until made medicinal base"Ichthyol."

former to tow the latter which was to do so by the wind and waves.

for landing in shallow places. On When the surface is quiet, the fresh Utah is probably one of the

heavily mineralized regions most the such of mouths painted Captain the the yawl the water—off is in the world. lake the The floats in a layer "Salicornia,"he exwhichname, streams—simply receptacle for a large part that drainage suggestion the on his to top. Thusplained "Flower men meant

of Salt Lake."They promptly Bear River Bay be impounded of it. Accordingly the water is

called her "Sally."from the main part of the lake, so heavily mineralized. Some claim

For all the grandeur of the presthat fresh water from the great that, so varied in its constituent ent lake, it is but a small part of Bear River can make it only as parts is it, a complete analysis has the huge body of water that once salt as the ocean, in order that never been made. The analyses

was here, called Lake Bonneville. mussels and other sea life might be existing show the presence of chloGrove Karl Gilbert, of the United raised there, probably would not rines soda, magnesia, potassia, sul-

.1 trace States Geological Survey, named it work. phate, calcium, some lithia,

thus in his exhaustive report of In winter, pieces of ice from of bromine. While aluminum and

iron oxides silica are and known of fresh water layers someto these It 1890. was—and is—easy to be in it, the each is of amount lake. the times float aroundsee the old lake An was at its where

highest levels, and all its succeedunwary boatman, with a wood impossible of being determined in ing levels, by the benches worn on boat, can readily puncture and solution, since the sand in the lake the mountains. A traveler on a sink his craft on such ice. is calcium carbonatei, keeping the

train can do so. At its highest Around the lake are encountered water slightly alkaline. Salinity

it was one thousand feet deeper broad paths of floating foam. The has run as high as twentyseven

than the lake now, and it covered inexperienced boatman generally per cent.

almost twenty thousand square suspects shoals, quite wrongly.

miles, instead of the three thouThe waves along the shoreline, PHIS heavy salinity makes a sand square miles or so at present. whether on mainland or island, boat ride very much higher on

There are a few other, smaller create that froth. When the wind the water, than elsewhere. Belakes in the bottom of the Great changes to offshore, it moves out sides, it makes for certain operatBasin left over from Bonneville. into the lake. ing difficulties. Pumps do not

Utah Lake, having an outlet, has The water, crystal clear, shows last. Then, since it does not cool

remained fresh water. Great Salt the bottom under several feet. as quickly as fresh or more modLake, on the other hand, having erately salty water, motors are

no outlet, has turned salt. The |N this mountain region, as summore prone to heat. Yet if a motor

only way out for its water is mer wears on, the atmosphere is exposed, and spray finds its way through evaporation, which in this becomes hazier and hazier. Up to it, the motor will stop from the

desert country is abnormally high. through Junet, from the lake this moisture, the same as it would anyNow, however, we return to haze remains almost unnoticeable, where. The corrosion from such

what the modern sportsman on afterwards becoming more and briny water in the cooling system

Great Salt Lake discovers. more pronounced, till by very late does not seam to affect the life of

fall it not only renders distant a motor noticeably; the motor

"DESIDES a certain wee kind of peaks indistinct, and finally obitself apparently wears out first.

but descends them, upon the that think such heavy Some wain the water, along the scures shrimps practically lake itself, becoming a ter slower. Expert a boat makes islands, at waterline, of theedges

are tiny sand flies. They cover fog. opinion, though, believes that it

the rocks till they are black. Yet We also have on this lake the should make a boat faster, due to

since they do not fly, onlyhover, breeze line, that heavy line, lookthe greater buoyancy of the water they stay but along the edge. Thus ing black, which stretches across and the greater grip the propeller

the people landing on an island the water ahead, frequently aphas oft it, making for reduced sliphave only to walk twenty feet back pearing as high as a railroad empage. Indeed, the experts are offrom the water to picnic or camp bankment—it approaches and disthe opinion that many World's,

quite unmolested by them. The appears. Optical illusions are Records could be made on Great

only bad feature is that they somemany and varied. Distant islands Salt Lake.

The Improvement Era for January, 1932 165

effect of the altitude, The ation. In winter, along the shore a mountainous country, one around IN four thousand two hunof the, island, back six to from it might think if strange there feet dred sea above speed fifteen on feet is waterline, from what were valleys not in the lake botis, of course, like ice. looks Investigation will undetermined—itlevel, tom. sand, is Our however, genshould not be much. it to show salts be epsom thrown erally in it round shape; quickly

the up the by boatbuilder waves. What do, should rolls into declivity. any When

ishowever, to design his to boat tried to Except we along the dynamite to a channel main shoredisplace the least very of amount line, our the pier lake boat failed, is deep enough. for the we Somewater possible. sand prominent merely rolled people claim into back great the

depths. channel again. local real estate A man is more just than THERE plain claims that bottom, seven The miles and the south of of most

salt in this water. are There is shoreline, the Southern Pacific sand. cutoff, in the

itin something akin to epsom let middle, Fortunately, he the an Southern Padown anchor four salts. In winter, it is cold, when cific is cutoff feet it hundred built that, so and did except not touch

saltsthe separate the from water, in until high bottom his water periods, sailboat drifted even about floatand under the surface in granboats miles. can two it go underneath of in our a leading One

ular form. friend of mine A places. also few boatmen claims that betweenreached down, got a handful, and Stansbury Island and Antelopeate those grains all did to Island, it—and which the southeast end of the lake, are fourteen miles AT

him that epsom salts can promise. apart, he let down an anchor on a at a point nearest to Salt Lake

As a matter of fact, years ago chain one hundred and twenty feet City, is the famous bathing and dancing resort of Saltair. capitalFrench pabuilt The on Antelope and did not touch bottom. Howis vilion out over the water. ThatIsland a plant to produce ever, epsom the deepest official reading has easy to was do. the This of endsalts, but it never into went operbeen fortynine feet. is lake feet below underlain—three

On Utah Lake 166 The Improvement Era for January, 1932 the top of the sand—by a great Black Rock the water is too shalRiver, Jordan River, and Weber

deposit of soda, too hard to be low for boats to come, in, and reRiver. The last enters the lake a

dented. Practically the only way mains that way past Saltair clear little south of Ogden. Bear rises

to get anything into it is by the to Farmington and beyond. It is in Utah, to flow northerly into

use of live steam. A pipe put down now so shallow that one can Wyoming, then into Idaho, finally

with steam quickly punches a hole wade from the southeast shore out to turn south and, touching Beai in it, however, into which a piling to Antelope Island. Indeed, it may Lake, lying both in Idaho and

can be placed. As soon as the come to pass, that Antelope Island Utah, down into Utah again to

steam is withdrawn, then the soda will be connected to the shore by enter the Great Salt Lake at a point immediately closes in with a grip a raised road, and a great resort on upper Bear River Bay almost that is unshakable. That piling will be on that island. opposite its beginning, and not

can never be budged, after that, many miles distant. The Jordan

without the reapplication of 1THE Salt Lake Yacht Club River, as such, begins in Utah Lake steam. This soda is not to be numbers at present seventy and flows into Great Salt Lake

found elsewhere around the lake, active members, both motorboatnorthwest of Salt Lake City. Time

moreover. In building their railmen and windjammers. The was when boats from the lake

way cutoff, far to the north, the majority of the member are could come up the Jordan, and be

Southern Pacific did not encounter young fellows with their ways yet kept in the river only a few miles any. Even at Black Rock, a few to make, so dues have to be kept west of the town. That is not

miles to the west, it is said not to exceedingly reasonable. At the the case now. The lake is too

occur. head of the club are these fine men, shallow along the south shore for

struggling to keep alive this healthboats to approach the mouth of ful sport. are Olsen, They Andy the Besides, Jordan. the, duck this year of however, 1931,TN Vice Johnson, Emil Commodore; in clubs the the marshes of west

first the lake is low. the For J. Holland, Commodore; Thomas city diverted so have water much intime the years twentysix sand all of Rear Salt Lake Commodore, river, the to their from makeis Antelope showing between City. is it bigger, that marshes doubtfulIsland east It the shore. has and

been fifteen feet higher than now. Boats are generally small. When if, even when the lake does come

Nevertheless it is still almost two the owner wants to go for a long up, the stream can sweep enough feet above its historic lows of 1902 trip on the lake, he ships some cans channel into the lake ever again and 1905. Indeed, since the lows or a drum of gasoline by railroad to admit boats. The Jordan, on

other canoehand, makes good Point, he the to Promontory whereof the lake 1905, has been up nine ing. can paddle Great from One can supply pick up a new whenfeet level. the above present

he needs it to come home. He must Salt Lake to Utah Lake with but

The only boating facilities are also carry plenty of palatable watwo or three little portages. There

at Saltair. So low is the lake that, ter with him. Stalling on this is a canoe club on the river, called

this fall, there is practically no walarge body of salt water can be the Whittakers'.

ter pier. the around boat Along bad where plenty to drink has not the In almost stream West anyit the where are boats to supposed been brought. large too to river. across is a jump inbe put the and taken out of

water, there is, actually, no water, Some of the fellows here even only sand! This may well milmake anchors of salt. They com- '"PHOUGH the writer is a green

itate against continued boating on press it, and the resultant anchors motorboatman, he went out for the lake. seem to be unbreakable and are extwo days and a night on the lake

cellent for anchorage. permanent in a sailboat. a sailboat had The However, the to south shore on Instead salt eaten of being the by "kicker"a little outboard on it,the west, scarcely miles but eight water, they a little. even may grow motor, in a few which came handyfarther Salt than from City Lake

Saltair (which is eighteen miles There are only three important times during the days, but not at from the City) is Black Rock, streams flowing into the lake, Bear night.

soon to be connected to the center How beautiful was that night, of town by a fine cement highway. as we bowled along under a brisk

Water there has always been deep, night wind! Our desert sky was

still is. It stays deep right up filled almost too full with bright

within three hundred feet of shore; stars. Back and forth, back and

yet the location also enjoys a parforth, under the stars swung the ticularly fine swimming beach. top of the mast. We also had a

Black Rock is along the main lines good moon. I was surprised that

of the Union Pacific (Los Angeles one could see the islands clearly and Salt Lake) and Western Pathirty-five miles away—in black

cific railways. silhouette, of course. Another sail

boat accompanying us was also in Sometime, will build someone silhouette. black wind had Thea all there, boat for dock good the high. waves made heavy Ourtime, too. houses, and bath some causes water the to froth waves on

thisNevertheless, is easier said than top. the shining Thus was moondone.

across the black water ridged everyIn the easterly direction from where in moving white.

The Improvement Era for January, 1932 167 $[Moved—Left No Address Continuedpage from154

under his coat, began to strum it wear hornrimmed spectacles, and man and the little old woman were lightly, and looking up at the stars, the eyes were all puckery around—of course—Mr. and Mrs. Ezra

started to sing Christmas songs to the corners, and the face was rosyTucker.

his own accompaniment, and soletinted from bending over the later,ly for his own amusement. kitchen stove. This face also i\ FEW minutes

And then another strange thing stared at Tom for several minutes, Tom was standing before a roarhappened. As Tom shuffled slowand its mouth also dropped open, ing hearthfire inside the cheerful,

ly along, singing to the stars, a and its eyes opened so wide that homely house, eating Christmas window of one of the cheerful, the little puckers at the corners alpop corn and telling his father and homely houses flew open, and out most disappeared. And then it mother that he had been all over

popped a little gray head. The popped back inside again, and just Ilinois searching for them.

skin of the face was gray and one second later the front door "Illinois?"said Ezra Tucker,

seamed all over with little wrinkof the house flew open, and out munching a mouthful of pop corn.

told in were you "Why, we who little it gray fringe les; the came both of hair around heads—with Illinois? here to moved down We attached, of bodies a gray,was and out behind from course—crying, died; he Toby's farm when laughingpair spectacles and and Uncle of hornrimmed "Tom! Tom!"

peered two gray eyes. The face weeping both at once, and acting that's all."

stared at Tom for several minutes, generally even more excited than "But why didn't you write?"

quite without his knowing it the Christmas spirit justifies. asked Mrs. Tucker, looking at

for Tom was looking at the stars, And what did Tom do? Why, Tom with the little puckery eyes

you know. As it stared, its mouth he just dropped his mandolin on all wistful.

dropped open and its eyes grew the frozen road and held out both "I did,"said Tom, "but the very big behind the hornrimmed arms and grabbed the little old letter came back."And so saying,

spectacles. Then it popped back man and the little old woman and he reached into his inside coat

inside again and shouted something hugged them both close to him, pocket and drew out a dirty, envelope, still unopened, like, "Oh, Maria, come and look!"and laughed a lot himself—and crumpled

across the face of which, in fadedAnd a moment later, another little cried a little, too,—and kissed

gray head appeared, but this one them both a most astonishing red letters, were the words, was a woman's head, and did not number of times; for the little old "Moved—Left No Address."

ncelsVsi*'-

Foot Ball Warriors, University of Utah

Five times champions of the Rocky Mountain Conference during the six years Coach Ike Armstrong has been in charge.

Front Row—Coombs, Mgr.; Sleater, hb; McDonald, hb; Hartenstein, qb; Bischoff, qb; Guhin, qb; Aldous, qb;

Reading, e; Luce, g; Ferguson, g; Smolka, g; Wissmar, Mgr. Second Row—Leary, Mgr.; McDonald, c; Welch, g; Tedesco, qb; Beckstead, fb; Richins, hb; Fetzer, hb; Christensen, Capt.; fb; Westphal, hb; Elliot, hb; Sonne, e; Tucker, e; Davies, e; Chez, g; Couch, Asst. Coach. Third Row—Armstrong, Coach; Nielsen, Trainer; Croft, g; R. Larsen, g; Stephens, c; Rose, g; Woods, fb; Showell,

g; Buehner, hb; Knight, e; Pusey, e; Day, e; Allen, hb; Peterson, Asst. Coach. Back Row—Moss, g; Clark, e; Howard, t, c; Ostler, t; Carlston, e; C. Larsen, g; Johnson, t; Walling, t; Bridge, c;

Moon, g; Hunt, hb; Blicksenderfer, hb.

.

168 The Improvement Era for January, 1932

4iThe Written WordContinuedpage from143 that it had not been committed to legacy, a volume containing the ality of Roosevelt. Readers bask

writing, as it might have been, wisdom that the years had distilled in the sunshine of a unique family for hers was a gifted utterance of for him. He passed away and the relationship. When Teddy wrote

which she had little appreciation. book was opened only to reveal a letter to a friend or to one of his

"I marvel at your rugged life, all the pages blank save one in the own children he glowed like a June grandma. Have the young people middle, upon which were written rose. Time stood still. That moof today the strength to live as the following words: "Keep the ment was all. He and Kermit, Ted,

superbly as you have done?"head cool, the bowels open, the feet or Ethel, were for the time being

"Yes,"she replied feebly in warm."The Alpha and Omega alone in eternity.

quaint Scotch accent, "they have of health, a medical course in a Letter writing. What an opthe strength, but they no have the nutshell. Brevity is the soul not portunity for the printed word.

will."It was a reply that might only of wit but of wisdom. This Not that we could be Roosevelts,

have come straight from Sir Walter doctor knew the power of the writCowpers, Lincolns, or Lord ChesScott or J. M. Barrie. ten word as a legacy. terfields as letter writers and pubStudents in my writing class at Says Browning, there never is lish deathless books as did they.

college often choose to write the a lost good. The high note that Fame's laurels may not be for us,

biography of their father or mothwe can not quite maintain, has but I submit there are lower rungs er. A laudable desire is this but been heard by God and we shall of the ladder that are altogether

how much better to have had an hear it bye and bye. If it has been desirable.

autobiography, written while the so heard by Him why write it What a mother I've got! What

living heart was warm. Mistakes down? For the sake of us poor a pal in dad! I'm filing away every

might have been aplenty, technical boundins who have not heard the letter I get from them. And a leterrors of sentence structure and note. Those who do not record ter from sister is an experience.

spelling, but the soul would have the essence of the years are, for us, Such expressions come only from been there in recompense. masters of life. We need the light families who pride themselves on

of their words on our paths. the written word and thereby are

A FAMOUS Viennese doctor bound each to each and all to each.

lay dying. He had amassed C"\N my writing table lies "TheReverting to the matter of book

considerable property and his heirs odore Roosevelt's Letters to publishing I hazard the assertion were eagerly gathered about his His Children."Why should they that everyone should be the author

bedside. His dying words, howbe cast into book form for the pubof three books, these to be privateever, were not about the disposilic? Why has the volume sold so ly distributed. They are a diary,

tion of lands but rather about a liberally? Because each letter is a collection of letters, and an autobook which he was leaving as a stamped with the strong personbiography.

>- *IOep)V>l-

[Beauty in the Home Continuedpage from156 so as to give comfort and an impression ter of interest such as a fireplace, a hanging of a picture or a group of of liveableness instead of the scattered, bookcase, or a window with an inpictures, or even a wall hanging of unsociable effect often seen. teresting view, a center of interest can simple Indiaprint, above the piece of

In the first place, furniture should be created by emphasizing the sofa, furniture. If the space permits the adbe grouped according to its use. The a chest of drawers or even a radio dition of a chair or two near by with

main lines of each group should be cabinet. This is accomplished by the an end table and a simple lamp or

placed to conform to the structural even a floor lamp, these all help to lines of the room. The furniture and make for a center of interest or emdecorative objects should be so arphasis in the room.

ranged in the room that the eye will A certain degree of order and livebe carried toward a center of interest ableness is desirable in every room;

or emphasis where the eye should rethis effect may be secured through the main at rest. In a living room, the following summary:

fireplace is the favorite spot especially 1 Every room should contain some during the winter days and evenings. related movement known as rhythm.

In the absence of a fireplace the book- 2. Rhythmic movement should lead

case may be the most attractive spot the eye to a center of interest generally in the room, if so, then it should serve referred to as emphasis.

as the center of interest. Or again, 3. Care must be exercised to create

a group of windows or even one winthe right amount of rhythm in a room.

dow, which affords a wonderful view 4. The walls and floors are the

of a hill, a strip of meadow, a stream background of a room and should sugof water, or even a beautiful tree, gest plain or nearly plain surfaces.

may serve as the center of interest and 5. Furniture, pictures and accesthe eye should be led there by furnisories should be arranged in such a

ture arrangement. way as to create rhythmic lines which

In the case of a small apartment lead to a center of interest where the room containing no architectural ceneye will be at rest for some time. A

The Improvement Era for January, 1932 169

room that is skillfully and invitingly upholstery and window draperies order to arrange the furniture in a arranged has ease and welcome grace should be void of design. room.

of manner. Rhythm and emphasis are 4. T. F. If objects are arranged 10. T. F. Rhythm and emphasis

factors which contribute greatly to on the mantle or bookcase, they should are necessary in every room where such an arrangement. not measure the same height. beauty is obtained.

5. T. F. A rug with beautiful

is test in of suggestion the given and a mere of an texture form 'J HIS to December Test: design Answer

is better a great than one with amount test. If objective the think you

1. Yes. 6. No. design. of circle a is true,statement around draw

T; if you think the statement false, 6. T. F. A room containing furni- 2. Yes. 7. Yes.

draw a circle around F. ture which shows all straight lines is 3. Yes. 8. No.

1. T. F. Pictures should be hung better than one wherein both straight 4. No. 9. Yes.

in stairstep fashion because it produces and curved lines are to be seen. 5. Yes. 10. Yes.

rhythm. 7. T. F. Too many curved lines

to answers error Dec. in occurred the An paper F. Wall 2. T. furniture bold in with produce marked test the objective 3 wa3 for Nov. No.

stripesdiagonal are desirable 8. because T. F. A chairrestlessness.to be comforthave been "F,""T."should and

are restful.they curves. able should be void of all

3. 9. T. F. If the rug and wall of T. F. A knowledge the prinberNote:Era werePhotographsby courtesyof homesof Hoglein theInvestmentDecempaper contain much design, then the ciples of rhythm is not necessary in Company.

*>- -4C@isfc0ft"-<* That Elusive Thing Called Charm Continuedpage from157 presses charm. Sir Walter Raleigh Personal habits go a long way in LT* ASE of movement and correct postthought not of himself, but only of the making or marring charm. Fidgety ure aid us in expressing charm.

comfort of his sovereign when he threw manners, such as rubbing the face, We should train ourselves to stand, down his cloak for her to walk upon. smoothing the hair, or fussing with to walk and to sit correctly. A well

the clothing, betrays an inward conbred person, does not slouch or loll

W/E fusion. Proper grooming and cornor does he pose. seriously—butshould take lifenot andourselves.work rectwell attirebeing, givethereforea senseweofshould,securityin andthe we Mostmightofbe,us andare yetnot a ascharmingcharmingperas

Being able to laugh at oneself is a privacy of our room, give careful atsonality is something which is entirely saving grace. tention to our nails, our teeth, our our own-—it cannot be taken from us,

it be lost. So let us make an "To understand all is to forgive hair and our apparel,—and then fornor can

all."We can't have an ugly critical get our appearance. earnest effort to increase our charm.

state of mind and attract friendships.

We should hate and despise sin, but we must separate the sin from the sinner. We may dislike John because the

bad habit of always being late has fastened itself upon him, but remember this bad habit isn't all there is of

John. It is selfish and reflects lack

of consideration of others, but since our characters are the sum totals of our habit systems, why not help John to make a correction in his habit system? Then, too, we may have

acquired a habit which is hard for

John to bear. "Forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass

against us"is a petition that should be made daily and with great humility of spirit.

A TRAIT of character which will help us to be placed on the list of Charming People is that of being a good listener. Giving strict attention to the person speaking is not only

the courteous thing, but also a helpful thing to do. When we give undivided attention the speaker is not

only better able to express himself, but he is also "lifted up"and made to feel that he is of some importance in our world. As for the listener remember that an attitude of deep interest,

of rapt attention, of expectancy, is always a charming one. Notice George

Arliss on the stage or screen when some one is speaking to him. Who Says It's a Hard Winter?

MUTUAL MESSAGES Executive "Department Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices

General Superintendency General Presidency

Y. M. M. I. A. General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. Y. L. M. I. A.

GEORGE SMITH, 47 EAST SOUTH TEMPLE STREET ALBERT FOX, RUTH MAY RICHARD R. LYMAN, CANNON, LUCY GRANT

MELVIN J. BALLARD, General Offices Y. L. M. I. A. CLARISSA A. BEESLEY,

Executive Secretary: 33 BISHOP'S BUILDING* General Secretary:

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH ELSIE HOGAN

George Washington Bicentennial

A LL over the United States and in (B) Dancing of the Minuet cherry and the boy a paper hatchet.

many other parts of the world, This is to be done by a special Have them numbered. The boy must

the Two Hundredth Anniversary of group in costume or by the whole find his partner by finding the girl the birth of George Washington will party. who has the same numbered cherry as

be celebrated, beginning February If done by the whole party the folhis hatchet.

22nd and extending to Thanksgiving lowing steps could be directed by a (E) Refreshments. Cherry punch,

Day 1932. competent leader. wafers with icing, cherries and hatchThe entire country will become alive ets.

with local celebrations to give honor Minuet (F) Decoration. Flags, red, white

blue and bunting crepe paper.to the and First President, of our The memory

inside join Partners hands and face ceiling effect carry ideathe the out genso nobly gave and may man who in line of direction. the room of cherries life hatchets. and his for inerously of us around winningour independence and the founding of I.—Take three steps beginning with

inside foot. with beginning Repeatour Nation.

foot. three steps and Sunday Evening Joint Walk Latterday Saints above all groups, outside

believing as they do that the foundturn to partner and bow. Program

partner, right give hand. of the theing adoption country and II—Facing the General theme: The Doctrine of Free partner the constitution divineof acts, Step forward toward were on

should be most anxious to honor the right foot, bring the left foot up to Agency.

memory of the "Father of our Counthe right and rise on toes. Step back- 1. Preliminary Exercises.

try."ward on left foot, point right foot 2. Presentation of Slogan.

The M. I. A. should be the leaders forward and bow slightly. Repeat 3. Introduction of theme by prein furthering a program that will bring twice and finish with a deep bow. siding officer.

into every home a reverential and paRepeat all as long as desired. 4. Singing the first verses of the

beginning, this that hymn "Knowtriotic feeling. finish the march March, Grand (C)

is every Free."Soul

is this It letter the that the posuggested In following forming by W.

5. Free minute sermon Twenty on sition verse sing of "America."be one conducted within andprogram by Agency. organization thatour they and own Reel Virginia (D) a. free agency. Premortal Reel—French cityalso cooperate town, and with partners for Four. or French Draw b. free Mortal agency. other interested in organizationsany the this couples for dance. time At c. free Immortal agency.furthering a expression community a the paper hall lady enter give the References: Doctrine and Coveduring celebrathe nine of months nants: 36, 29:35, 40; 58:27, 38;tion:

93:31; 101:78.

1. Washington Birthday Ball Compendium pages 285, 288.. February Greetings Rational conclusions.

Free agency and responsibility can 2. Sunday Evening Service FTHE General Superintendency and not exist apart. They are complements

March (See Feb. Era) * General Presidency extend hearty of each other. A free agency that seeks

3. Pageant April New Year greetings to all Mutual Im- a divorce from responsibility is doomed

to death.4. Tree Planting Ceremonial May throughoutprovement officersthe stakesandandmemberswards and

5. George Washington Drama in all the mission fields. The loyal Free agency is inseparably linked to

Evening May devotion and earnest efforts of the past law. The higher the law the greater

6. Fourth of July Celebration July we gratefully appreciate and, knowing the liberty. The lower the law the

the ability and faithfulness of the men less the liberty.

are carrying and forward who women its free of detailed abuse leads suggestive agency to The covprogram A this in work, every have we confidence loss. first highest the free of will hereering event is published form The

the the achievements future. of May is its seen inin. to willing Details subordination of the remaining program outstanding in year be an 1932 Mutual

a higher will.will later. be published; activities life every Improvement may

Special Features: touched by this great program be Free agency depends on knowledge.

(A) Cocked hat and Martha richer and fuller and nvay the spirit Ignorance can not accept an opporWashingoon Bonnet (made out of and testimony of the Gospel bring in tunity. Truth is the great dispenser

paper) Buff and blue are the colors full measure hope and gladness to all. of freedom.

suggested for the celebration. The power of choice is limited to

The Improvement Era for January, 1932 171

causes. Effects cannot be chosen extheir causes.cept through One may > canchoose to be intemperate he but - Adult Messages effect sin. the of thenot choose

The end of a course can be chosen The Project Other districts employ but two nurses only through the choice of its beeach and no examining physician; and

ginning. HPHE following is given with the South Davis has only one physician.

There are several kinds of Free idea that the method of procedDr. Beeley gave statistics to show

ure assistance the inadequacy of facilities to other stakes for menmay be of (a) whichAgency: inherent—that tally in starting deficient children their project. in Salt Lakeis coexistent the selfexistent ego with

In The Salt Lake Valley And After some further discussion theorgiven—thatindividual whichintelligence;came to(b)the Godrace and the entire State of Utah.

through the planning of the Creator; South Davis Area motion was made and carried that

to (c) comes which "Health in the Public Schools"Work Inherited—that 12th, representatives Nov. of 1931, qualitythe children the through and be as adopted the project for the enall the stakes comprising wards andefforts of the tire year. parents.—American the area above at the mentioned met it free inbirthright agency has a more suggestion a that The was made Bishop's Salt Building, City. Lake other to that counof equalthan many this committee from be appointgroup discussion the project to be on unAtries; free agency (d) to ed the contact Teacher's Parent acquired—that dertaken forth suggestions brought 36 to the obedience through comeswhich Association other health agencies. and referred were to which a committee liberty, the physical of of lawslaws

consisting committee appointed of to was gathone L. and Y. one M. Y. A health, preservation the of andgrowth

er representative prepare and stake. information each the from on intellectual progress,laws (couched of

subject to be presented the to stake subcommittee This and Thursday, met thein of the laws Study,) word, one at leaders the in ward 19th, the to meeting Building. Nov. Bishop's held be as bemoral would you (Do 3rd, Dec. classsuggested 1931. projects strength—been The had

) spiritual the by, ofdone laws growth ified three under headings: Mental keep His and commandGod—Love Civic Hygiene, Betterment, Public and reads which, modernized,ments, In Monroe Ward, North South Health.

willthe of and the Lord waysLove Sevier Stake Beeley, Dr. L. Arthur of Chairmaningly with Him. work

the the of General Adult Committee Mrs. Genevieve Tietjen writes unfree individual of exchange The stated the Board, that General Board date der Oct. of 28, 1931:

is free for high a agencyagency group desires stakes the to Committee decide is a planning Our cleanup ward It free agency. has marked ofform their projects upon and work own etc. leaves, campaign weeds, dry on civilization. ofthe march onward out carrying of ways and means them are also the working with City We the are to index standards an Moral facts forward. the of In preview are Council streets the having and free agency.quality of group last the sented at meeting opinof and graded. salvaSatan's of plan Evidently, it ions expressed, to seemed that him

tion provided against intellectual the matter of health in the public Last Spring the City Council offered progress and moral standards. schools was outstanding. He called a cash prize of $10.00 for the cleanest

There is no escape from the parfor a discussion on the subject. ward. Our ward won. We cleaned

allelism of free agency and responProper Dental Care for School Chilall vacant lots and cleared the brush sibility. dren was presented. Dr. T. F. Hardy from the outskirts of town. All back

as as well front yards a;real had that each the of member DenIntelligence, agency, and action are stated cleaning. the With money we bought tal Association Salt of Lake Countythe onwardness. essentials of the course, full reading are which we has proffered free service hours'two

enjoying now. children. for school week However, Talks Minute on 6 Four Two Out- a * * * to receive care the children such must standing of Free Agency Laws

come recommended from the ComIn last Tuesday's fun night we had (a) Love grows in the direction of munity Chest. one hundred per cent participating.

free will service. A city school nurse explained briefWe are getting people out to Mutual

In the scriptures, "Choose ye this ly the system of nurses and medical who never come to any other meetday whom ye will serve,"is couched attention in the schools of Salt Lake, ing.

the truth that in choosing whom we Granite, East and West Jordan and will serve we will love. Regardless So. Davis districts. It was stated that Class Discussion

of our wishes our love will grow in one doctor and thirteen nurses conthe direction of our chosen service. stitute the entire staff in Salt Lake. "LJEALTHY discussion is stimulatHusband love, wife love, father love, Due to the vast amount of work the ing for any group, and a good

mother love, son love, daughter love, nurses are able to inspect very few class is known by the quality of its each and all are subject to this law. children above the beginners and first discussions. However, there is always

Nor is the operation of this law limited grade. a tendency for the discussion at times

to love of persons; it extends to into wander far afield, or to take the

stitutions and causes. It is unescapform of personal opinion, unfounded

able and irrevokable; its reach is as and untried by the school of the

wide as the mental universe and as engreater masses and modern science. The

during as the eternity of intelligence. fact cannot be overlooked that one

Great lives are illustrative of the opersmall community is not enough eviations of this law. In this his birthday dence for the proof of any truth of humonth, we may fittingly refer to the man behavior. Thousands and millife of Washington: his love of counlions of cases in dozens of different

try through which he gained the title, environments must merge to show the "Father of His Country,"was the worth of a fundamental statement.

outgrowth of his service to it. When Everyone thinks that he knows the

he went to its defense his possessions rules of basic hygiene, yet nearly everywent with him; he made no mental one has different opinions on what

(Continued on page 176) are commonly felt to be the funda- a

172 The Improvement Era for January, 1932

mentals. The European peasant is

sure that the night air is bad, the -js**ultramodern mother thinks that bare MenGleanerslegs on her children in the middle of M are Itwinter good. remains

to take the evidence the scientific of for us Etiquette of the Ball Room Demonstrate:(a) A host and hostess receiving

their guests.study of experts and learn for our- 'IpHE suggestive M MenGleaner

selves. It would be impossible for Joint Program for the month of (b) The proper form of introduceach of us to prove every truth indiJanuary is "Etiquette of the Ball tions.

a asking in (c) procedure Propervidually. select the best must We (See Room."Manual, p. Men M a for dance. ladyauthorities find, can take and we from Gleaner 141; Ref- p. Manual, 25.) a refusal totheir lady of (d) proper facts findings the suit that our A

is erence given Right Thing "The asked. dance,needs. when

at 7780. All Times,"Dancing pp. leave taking of (e) is young to writman The Live"book A "How

it is far dates lost that so in back a his the at conclusion of partnerten Irving Fisher, Professor by of Pois antiquity. Social dancing alwayslitical dance. at University, Yale Economy

it fine offers popular opportunity and lady (f) or young youngand man Fisk, Doctor Eugene A Lyman culture, for the poise, of development dance. a forgotten for apologizing DirectorMedical the Life of Extengrace manners. good and Havelock guests of its (members is Institute,sion Have at in present and (g)

is Ellis loftiest, says: the "Dancing hostess leave class) of host take and edition. 1 8th includes material The

the the beautiful most moving, most activities. at evening's conclusion of latestthe findings in medicine and hyit is the arts of transbecause no meregiene. first the In to edithe Foreword

life; lation is life it abstraction or from

is Disraelition saying, as quoted Playlet Available "Pubitself."atreasons for main The lic is the health foundation which on

parties tending dancing to for are the us of Requests joy copy have comereposes the happiness the of people little the social dancing playlet opportunity and Right of the Thing of "The the a ofand country."power The contact a at the the plane at the high presented Right and upon Time,"

is is theoretical,material the not but cultural that last in the Gleaner beautiful development Convention June result trial actual the of several of surroundings Accordingly, proand good manners Department. mimeolife largerof the insurance companies,

availthis playlet are copies of vide. In the Activity graphed Community their educateto policy holders, in the

Manual, Ladies'General at will the able 117122, be found Young pp. life raising the of the healthhope and

real office helps in sent will connection upon some and with be Boardspans. results the have made The

this After this charge. discussion request, program. However, without of justified incompanies seem spending

subject, a class appropriate that suggest your conbe most room may we large in of preventive sums money is sidered this playlet a "Ball for presenting demonstraoccasion Room"service to holders. policy Apparently

tion Propurposes. the Joint the of MenGleaner Members group March forM the feel principles thatthey of modern

activities. features participate should the in Dinand "Table which gram The effective arehygiene in pracsound and

is suggested: following Etiquette."ner

tice. national has government The

also cooperated in the study so that the material is selected from an even larger field, and a more unselected life than the insurancegroup comMen Messages to be ablepanies might make. The M

shall and discover that swimming wemillions of cases worth show the of Swimmings -An M Men is importance. of prime eating,right right sleeping, right clothing, the care of disease, and the effect Activity M-Men, why not think more of this

of happiness and a good mental outimportant highclass activity? Several

look on health. The book is highly By CHARLES WELCH, Deseret Gym of the Salt Lake City stakes have held

technical in character, but is written swimming meets for their M-Men at in language that the most untechnical OWIMMING brings into action more regular and irregular intervals. Last

reader can understand. To provide a muscles than any other activity. It year Salt Lake and Ensign Stakes carmore scientific aspect and to act as develops the whole body, as well as ried their contests to stake finals. In

material for further study, the second furnishing invigorating entertainment each stake even wards competed;

section of the book contains a vast and pleasure. Brit even more imboth meets were very successful. Salt

number of references and statistical portant than these is the fact that it is Lake Stake gave the same awards to it to in the gave that material treated data in the winners on swimming life a as secure insurance policy—activities. first successful in the part other ones the a of book. comWith for that policy enjoys paying one on

first the stake basis a pleteneess meet, the treatment Following such of and basis. even installmentplan an But

is interstake this there for meet as gives need swimming book no M-Men if than there advantages other were no it itself resolved held. the practise untried personal was opinand Though that it to the seems following, me

a contest the into individuals ion between two> swimmers of one qr classified very a as be must to swimming it Stakes, Salt of Ensign discussion. and the Lake dominate Our own activity that the reason for important

is successful underto a perfect very be in accord proved of WisdomWord it orsafe the under swimmer makes taking. the contentions Twentyninth the of proved Wardwith The this to conditions. dinary water Add the Salt the meet fore Stake of to Lake the be kept can won This book. benefits the received the physical and

to a fortyseven twentyof score the if for attitude looking of the by unpossibility of saving poor some does score seven. the is not stressed scientific beHowever, at aspects the individual drowning, fortunate from conclosely events the were class. the of show knowlAccurate ginning how

edge is at the basis of all of God's tested. Some races were won by a

work, making the whole an orderly very small margin. Interest and eneffect. The scientific attitude should thusiasm ran high. These two stakes

show this orderliness and encourage have no more opportunity for swimreal thinking on the part of the class, ming meets than most of the stakes drawing out genuine contributions in the Church. Nearly every combased on the material of the text, inmunity has a swimming pool and it

stead of aimless ramblings. is possible for nearly every district in

The Improvement Era for January, 1932 173

the Church to conduct similar meets.

In meets such as this eligibility *—rules should be definitely decided on Gleaner Girls

before the contest. One (eligibility

rule that has been observed by most TOR the month of January, Disbeings; to others who have prophesied

of the wards of Salt Lake and Ensign cussions Nine and Ten of the in words that have found their speedy

Stakes, relates to the competition of "History of the Church"which cover vindication in literal fulfillment; and

letter men. This rule provides that chapters 21 to 26 inclusive, will be to the Church itself, whose growth

no M-Man who has won his letter given. (See Gleaner Manual, pp. 143has been guided by the voice of its

in a high school or college can com170.) In "One Hundred Years of Divine Leader, made known through

pete in the same class of swimming in Mormonism,"pp. 355370; in "Our the gift of revelation.""The Articles

which he won his letter. To illustrate: Church and People,"pp. 153157, of Faith,"by James E. Talmage.

If an M-Man has won his letter in and in "The Heart of Mormonism,"We give below an incident of the freestyle swimming, he would not be pp. 303312, are given good descrip- "Gift of Tongues"from "My First

permitted to enter the freestyLe swimtions, some interesting characteristics Mission,"by George Q. Cannon: This

ming races for M-Men; however, he and the accomplishments of the Prophmission was to the Sandwich Islands.

could contest in the breaststroke or et Joseph Smith, which could well be "My desire to learn to speak was the backstroke events or in fancy divused to summarize his life and works, very strong, it was present with me ing. This rule handicaps the letter before commencing Discussion Nine. night and day, and I never permitted

man but does not keep him out of Helps in connection with Chapters an opportunity of talking with the competition. At the same time, it does 2126 can be found m "One Hunnatives to pass without improving it.

not place nonletter imen at a disaddred Years of Mormonism,"pp.371The want of books was a great drawvantage because the letter men have 436; "Our Church and People,"pp. back at first; but we sent to Honolulu

usually specialized in lone style of 158179; "The Heart of Mormonfor them. I also tried to exercise

swimming. ism,"pp. 315341; 357361; "Esfaith before the Lord to obtain the gift

Following is a list of swimming sentials in Church History,"pp. 385of talking and understanding the lanevents which usually result in inter432. Please carefully watch the guage. One evening, while sitting on

esting competition. These events are footnotes in the manual, as valuable the mats conversing with some neighsimilar to those used in high school references are given to Bancroft's "Hisbors who had dropped in, I felt an

contests. They are: 160yard freetory of Utah,"Whitney's "History uncommonly great desire to understand

style relay (four men to swim 40of Utah,"Tullidge's "History of Salt what they said. All at once I felt a

yards each), fancy diving from low Lake City,"etc. peculiar sensation in my ears; I jumped

spring board (each contestant has foui to my feet, with my hands at the sides dives: the running forward dive, back of my head, and exclaimed to Elders

dive, running forward jackknife dive Gleaner Project Bigler and Keeler who sat at the table,

I I that believed received dive), 60 jackknife 40, gift the had backand is Spirit'"Gifts of the the theme races, it interpretation! of freestyle 60yard so. 100yardand was And

gathering "Treasures of for Truth"rethat time race, From medley forwardbackstroke 120yard I had but in the January. fourth for Tuesday little, if difficulty any, yards (first in understandracelay 40 swims man

Spirit, outline the Gifts of (See V, ing I the said. people what 40 mart secondbackstroke, swims might

18, Gleaner Manual.) p. be at able not third to separate once breaststroke and manyards every

swims 40 yards freestyle. This pro- "The Latterday Saints claim to word which they spoke from every

gram will permit a squad larger than possess within the Church all the signother word in the sentence; but I could

a basketball squad to enter competigifts promised as the heritage of the tell the general meaning of the whole.

tion. It gives opportunity for physbeliever. They point to the unimThis was a great aid to me in learnical activity to many young men who peached testimonies of thousands who ing to speak the language, and I felt

are not interested in basketball. have been [blessed with d/irect and very thankful for this gift from the

There is another feature connected personal manifestations of heavenly Lord. I mention this that my readers

with swimming which should not be power; to the once blind, and dumb, may know how willing God is to

in body, and weak who have gifts been bestow children. his If of the carry over halt, uponoverlooked—that infirmities their freed through from called they should bebenefit as missionthat it offers. to go

A person doesn't need to discontheir faith and by the ministrations of aries to a foreign nation, whose lantinue swimming when he reaches the the priesthood; to a multitude who guage they do not understand, it is

their voiced have in tongues testimony their this privilege to exercise enjoy faith for canMMen age limit—he with they which unwere naturally the gifts life not of sneaking rest of hisactivity the and and interpreting

overstrain himself in any way. familiar; or who have demonstrated that language, and also for every other

their possession of the gift by a phegift which they may need."

nomenal mastery of foreign languages, Please refer to "Manifestations of

What Though when such was necessary to the disDivine Power,"Chapter XI, pp. 46By George H. Brimhall charge of their duties as preachers of 50 of the 193031 Junior Manual,

"Believing and are Doing."Here mind though my like staf enjoyedthe word communionof God; to manywith whoheavenlyhave given shone, instances remarkable some hath of

throne placed Power's onAnd "Gift TI7W IHATam of Tongues,""Divine GuidIf I've a heart that's made of stone? ance,""Inspiration,'etc.

What though I'm placed beyond all need

And go and come with lightning speed The Written Word

If I've a heart that throbs to greed? This is the title of an article by

What though I live where all is glad. Prof. Peterson of the Utah AgriculAnd good full dominates the bad tural College, and in it he gives reasons

If I've a heart that's always sad? and arguments for the keeping of

What though I kneel at sacred shrine written records. After reading his

And utter prayers that sound divine ai tide (on page 143, this Era) one

If I've a will that's wholly mine? is impressed with the foresight which

What though I hope for joys afar led the Gleaner Committee to outline

Where Heaven's door is left ajar the present year's project for the girls.

If I indulge in strife and war? Editors.

1 74 The Improvement Era for January, 1932

"As pure as a pearl and as perfect;

a noble and innocent girl."LordJunior Girls > Lytton.

rTHE Junior Committee of the GenEvery day we ask our Heavenly Project * eral Board wishes a Happy New Father, for blessings, and He bestows

Year to all our Junior girls, out them on us freely. We should show What could be more appropriate

Ward and Stake Leaders. May it our gratitude to Him by giving freely for our Project, the first week in Janbring to you hope, courage, inspirato His children. uary, the beginning of the new year,

tion, true friendship, health, happiness Chapter thirteen in "Gleaning"last than Patriarchal Blessings?

and increased faith and confidence in year's Gleaner Manual by Adam S. Remember, girls, a Patriarchal Blessour Heavenly Father. Bennion, should be helpful in strengthing is an anchor or handclasp with

As we stand upon the threshold of ening this discussion on "Unselfishthe Lord. It is a sacred guide through

the year 1932 the outlook for the funess."your life to warn you of events to

ture of the Junior department is more "If purity of life is neglected, all come, to give you comfort and aid in than usually encouraging. other dangers set in upon us like time of need and distress; to help you

We appreciate very highly the splenthe rivers of waters when the flood in making serious decisions, in your did work of our leaders during the gates are open."President Joseph F. life; to be a protection from evil, and

past year and earnestly pray that our Smith. to a certain extent to mark your

Father will bless their efforts and give Our minds may be likened to the pathway through life and make your unto them the sweet spirit of love and sensitive wax of the phonograph which lineage known. A Patriarchal Blessgood will and that they may seek records accurately lovely musical ing is not a passing or temporary

and hold the key to the hearts of all sounds except that our minds are more blessing but is a setting for your entire our precious Junior girts. sensitive and record pleasant and harmlife.

ful impressions alike. The more we This is exemplified in our lives

replaced our on own when we are beautiful can store our with mindsJunior Department Notes deutter our and we feel shall thoughts, nearly the we sponsibility more the example For pendence Lord. upon life attain that be to to able of purity girls the to helping Junior "buildTN rearing her faithful in mother desire that the one every should be of—the lives,"their leaders, their we, have difficulties trials family, and when us. of

a season, this opportunity wonderful enter sickness death come, and when fire is hearts in noble our "Whatever direct their to the higher minds toward blessings the the to will turn home, also in will whatever work; our burn to things noblerand go which make to the her promises and of Lord and

is it exchasten will ours purity and fine, lives. successful happy,up and is satisfying in find comfort. She them

alt it."is rebuilt in faith given her subjects to considered be and up two The in January, "Unselfishness"and We are building lives. Let us put newed courage and strength to endure.

"Chastity,"are so very important in into these buildings the very strongest The missionary who is among the forming of character, that we and best materials, those that will forstrangers in a strange land, when hardcannot afford to pass over them lighttify and strengthen them, and nothing ships and discouragements face him, ly. They should receive the most which could cause them to crumble turns to his Patriarchal Blessing and

earnest and prayerful consideration. and deteriorate. finds joy and comfort to carry on his

Life is what we ourselves make it, In the secret chambers of our minds, work, knowing that our Father in but we are still dependent upon each let us allow only those thoughts that Heaven will be true to His promises.

other for success—and if we can drop will keep them sweet and that will At the time of the Great World War

a word here and leave a thought there uplift and make us better. many of our boys faced death, but

that may cause one young girl to turn We must keep our minds full of with their faith strong in the promises from a life of selfishness to one of bright, clean thoughts, leaving no of the Lord to them their lives were service and helpfulness, surely we have room for sordid, unwholesome ideas spared and they returned home to their contributed something of great value to creep in. loved ones.

to her life. "Purity of mind and conduct is the A stofy is told of one of our MorOne of the great lessons of life, is first glory of a woman."mon boys who landed in France and

directly front. During sent to theto to in was pleasure ministerearn take this each begin with day Let us

said, front, the at the he spent time he toing in the contributing wants, and in "Create Psalms. as prayer found little a there times he were wasto many the others. find happiness of Some heart, a clean in O, God!"And me his the fulfillment of dubious about it isthis a to do. easy others With to attached descriptions be these may Blessing Patriarchal before given himstruggle train to they themhave and girl Junior the every of in in his departure, promwas he whichselves so that the will think they of this things, a characterChurch—ised, other among many ashappiness others of enjoyment and

much as they do of their own. "As pure in thought as angels are; choice posterity. One night he was

a sent the patrol behind German with her."—Rogsell thy whatsoever way, "Go thou ers.to know her was to love if lines as surely the end looked and it

hast, to the give poor, and and thou remembered he come. had However,

shalt treasures in have Heaven."

trusted his Blessing Patriarchal and

We are not required to follow this its fulfillment. He returned home andin

injunction literally, but what a fine is now well and is the happy father opportunity we have, during this time of a large family.

stress strain, toof cultivate genand of testimony borne have Hundreds selfishness,erosity overcome and in Patriarchal their their faith by how extending help and comfort to those Blessings has saved their lives when in distress. There are so many things sickness has come upon them and no

we can give without giving money earthly hope has been given them.

gratitude, love, friendship, sympathy, a helping hand, a kindly word, and a Reading Course Book cheerful smile. Read the words concerning "Larry"

"Give the world the best you have written by one of his friends in the and the best will come back to you.""Vanguard"Notes.

The Improvement Era for January, 1932 175

it as a sacred trust. How else can I

-) explain my presence here? I mustVanguardsScouts be useful, "else wherefore born?"

His honest statements concerning

Larry utesthe Mormonof a big religionsoul. are worthy tribBy FRED TURLEY My wish is that the book "Larry"

Who Knew the Boy "Larry"Personally will find its way into the home of every Latterday Saint; the world will

TT is my pleasure to write a few inestimable part of one's life. By them be made better through homes it has

lines in favor of the wonderful it is possible to soar to the pinnacle entered and will enter.

literary gem "Larry"—the book of success, or slip to the hungry abyss;

chosen on the Mutual reading course good or bad, they largely determine Scouting in Fredonia, for Vanguards and Junior Girls. the individual. What could be finer

Larry Foster spent the last two than the fellowship, the understanding, Arizona months of his life in our home, at the unselfishness, the devotion, the love

Sundown Ranch, Aripine, Arizona. of a friend? Effeminate? No! FriendCCOUTING seems to be progressing

My life has been spent among clean ship is a strong, virile, allpowerful very nicely and I am very happy living Mormon boys and Elders in love; such a love that some two thouto have the privilege of working in

the Mission field, yet it has never been sand years ago led to the sacrifice of it, here with these boys.

my privilege to associate intimately a life which gave a new meaning to Recently we succeeded in getting the with anyone of more perfection of the word friendship. last boy in the community to join

character, love of life, love of service He entered nearly every college acthe scouts. He has always been just

to humanity, true culture and high tivity. His debating coach wrote in a little indifferent about it, but with

intellectual capacity, than Larry Foshis diary concerning Larry's work on a little personal work on my part, he ter symbolized. the debating team: "I am happy Larjoined and is now one of the best

In two months'time, at home and ry made the varsity debate team. He boys in the group. Scouting has solved

in camp, I never heard one profane always brings to his work a sponthe discipline problems of the school word, not even a swear word; no sugtaneous enthusiasm and a challenging here and all the boys seem to have

gestion of anything coarse or vulgar; mind that will make work with him an interest in their work. They give

not a boastful expression nor a single a sheer joy. * * * and it should do me the impression they are pals filled

word derogatory to any person's char- a good bit to bring debating back to with energy, rather than little rascals acter, ideas or religion. At the same its rightful place here at Lafayette. filled with mischief. We have retime he lived a wholesome, happy, The moment the campus sees that decently completed graveling the sidegenuine life, continually expressing his bating attracts men who are also able walks of the community. This was

ideas and desires for fitting himself to do something else besides talk, there a large project for the boys, so they to render more and better service to will be more support for the men on secured the help of some of the men humanity. the teams. Larry is the best possible in town. Ten blocks were graveled,

No part of this book was written recommendation for intercollegiate demaking it possible to travel any place for publication. His parents, to whom bating."in the community on good graveled

much credit is due, gathered a few One statement from Larry's philsidewalks. The boys have also done a

of his written ideas on college life, law osophy, written for himself at the age number of other good turns, such as breaking, friendship, his philosophy of eighteen: "I have always felt that get wood for ward and Relief Society,

of life, letters to his girl, letters home, my body, my mind, and my soul clean cemetery, fix seats in Ward Hall, poetry and humor and added these to were given to me to use for the betterhelp the parents of one of the boys, his diary without changing or omitting ment of my associates, my community, whose home burned down, etc.

a word from the diary he wrote while my nation; that I am the trustee of a We observed Scout Anniversary

at Sundown Ranch. Personality, and that I must regard (Continued on page 176)

Larry wrote concerning law: "Here

is the problem: How can I keep my

respect for a man who ruins his body, brain and soul for and with a little fool "firewater"no matter how much

I like him when he's sober? I wouldn't

care if he hurt only himself, but think of the people and places he is hurting:

folks, fraternity brothers, friends, college and society in general, because he is breaking a law. I may be very oldfashioned, but when a law is in the

constitution I believe it is an act of treason to break it! Now, by golly,

either I'm wrong or I'm right, and there is no compromise."

Concerning dYink: "A drunk

comes along. Helpless, hopeless, he has

no control over mind or body, he has lost his selfrespect, his honor, everything; his face is best witness to

that. He staggers, stumbles past me

and careens across the great town, another member in the everchanging crowd. He will stumble and stagger

through life, never finding himself, never finding anything worth while."

Friendship: "Friendships form an Troop 366, Fredonia, Arizona

.

176 The Improvement Era for January, 1932

HExecutive Continued fromBeeHive Girls Dept.

171 page Owing to Christmas vacations held Twice 55 Games within some wards, and also the fact that Nos. 22, 24, 3 7 (25cMusic—gamesat any book or physical reservations. His completesome associations were late in starting, store) ness of service produced a perfection

cast lot love. to his of In choosing isit all that suggested BeeHive in have envelope your an you Do the colonists with he espoused became fit their to try catch and upSwarms collectare scrap in which book you in to Liberty, the signing Declaraand the calendar. to Februaryprograms in ing published games the newspapers tion his of use calendar, areIf the of ahead you magazines? and Independence—pledging life, his fortune, his sacred and honor outlines. for eveningstwo some Civic to the cause became wedded the—he Responsibility—Would 2.February like in Adult Department ward your freedom, divorce which from was made Nymphs—Guide 17: Spirit of to have you, Bee Hive Girls, coimpossible by his free will, patrioticof

Hive and Spirit of Home. operate with them in any way in cardevotion.

their for this project year? rying out 17: "The Life (b) Love languishes in the 'direcBuilders—Guide

officer presiding Consult in charge yourof tion of neglect. the Bee"—Maeterlinck.

17: Games. of Gatherers—Guide

tithes Home 9.February class work.Evening—See November Era, ourOurprayers.love ofOurGodmeetings,fades as weourneglect

Nymphs—Guide

Daily Home Tasks. 1 8: Happiness in tionpage for35,Good"LayingManners;"theAugustFoundaEra, missionaryand offerings,work.or ourOurcontributionslove for othersfor

dies cease lending.(adapt to declines and and "Homes as we Then Now": National Builders—Guide 1 8 helping hands, speaking instead and of words Bee Scout) Hive; Poem,Anthem.

in our seeds of love "It Takes Gatherers—Guide 18: Civic Reletters off a send to Makesponsibility. a Home"—Guest.Heap O'Living in a House ownof cheer.heartsWewhensow we

there the flowers wilt we when and we is interest- a list of 16.February Birthdays—Here feel for Failing to write. to neglect ing the of Februborn in month men 19: Recreation Nymphs—Guide the destitute, cheer the help and and:j Lincoln, Franklin, ary Washington, in and Hive. the Home

is a sin unescapdiscouraged with an Charles Mendelssohn, Horace Greeley, Builders—Guide 19: Bathing the freezing the soul. of penalty: The Dickens, Ediable Charles Lamb, ThomasBaby.

7. of questions Answering Voltaire, Galileo, Charles Darwin,: Home Evenson, Gatherers—Guide 1 9 agency related to (a) How is free Russell Pepys, Lowell, James ing. Samuel

minutes. physical health? Time—-two F. (Buffalo Victor Hugo, Cody, W. 23.February

is health and mental (b), What Bill) Raphael. Longfellow and in /Business 20: it? foster free Nymphs-—Guide agency does Time how girls not to encourage your Why City. inHive and minutes. filling cells—two to of begin 761 some 20: Open. Spirthe evidences (c) are of What Builders—Guide having a "birthday 772, program?"by 20: Open. is itual it preserved health by and Gatherers—Guide how in Sept. See in "Greatness Era; Men,"Helps free minutes. agency? Time—three Keeper's Book. Bee 178 to 188 pp. the possible use the Life of exercises. 8. Closing Bee.—If Contest this lesson. in textoriginal preparing Festival.") for (See "Music 181 p.

Also read again pages 16 to 39 in The season is half over. Four

the BeeKeeper's Book. months of frequent practice on Beesongs, appearand Hive some public BeeKeep- and Anthem Flag—See training ances, splendid have been er's 45, 174, 175 51, 165, for #{ VanguardsScouts Book, pp.

and 176. A George Washington Bee Hive Girls. Now they are preContinued from

program, in keeping with the bicen- pared to put special effort into singpage 175 (or Spirit the ing of Hive""The intennial celebration be very could like following nearly the outline Week the other Bee chosen song Hive by teresting for give opportunity and in "Scouting night Magazine."One pracas as Stake BeeKeepers) often class. filling cells in several game A a in spent big the was with Jamboree ticable, contest. so as to for ready be is is conienjoyable a always which this scouts of night Kanab. During Originality test girl the see to can which make a held bonfire big played program, we

greatest using only of words number in the objectives of big Bee One ate six games gallons of and about letters the in the "Washington."is originality. name of development Hive Do "slum."troops boys both from The

desire things to not let have apyour the Bathing you have I it really seemed to enjoy think and Baby—When

girls curtail acquiring the in well class each pear demonstration, had your it it good, in that was very acquainted girl should be encouraged to watch a this very desirable attribute. Suggesand united the -boys of the two commother bathe a baby. If there is not tions are made to assist you in directmunities, possibly more than anything

a baby in her home, she could go, ing the activities of your group. Use they have ever done before.

perhaps on a Saturday morning, to them as suggestions and helps, but do During this same week both troops the home of some relative or friend, not be satisfied to stop there. Add went to La Verkin Hot Springs and

enlarge to them, and adapt upon them, for the at the regular baby's hour a a fine held had swim. have We

to the individual of members bath. the girls taken them have Then, when all of hikes, were of number which

advantage of such an opportunity, talk your swarm and yourself. And above much enjoyed by all the fellows. I

about it again in class. They will all things take suggestions from the can surely vouch for the fact that

have more to tell you, and more quesgirls whenever they are workable and scouting is and must be an outof- tions to ask. Are your girls gathering in keeping with Bee Hive work. doors game most of the time.

some attractive baby pictures illustratCell Filling There seems to be considerable ining filling these cells, to put in their It is time to begin checking more terest among the younger boys of the scrapGames—Whybooks? not plan your procloselyare doing,on theparticularlycell fillingon yourthe girlscells communitynow in scouting.as well asTheythose lookwho likeare

gram so that you will have an evening which require a longer time to comgood future scouts.

of cell filling as well as enjoyment. plete. Will your girls be ready to com- "Here's to good old Scouting, she's

See BeeKeeper's Book, pp. 74 to 77; plete rank by the end of May? See good enough for me."Merrill ChrisGames and Songs in Nymphs Book; BeeKeeper's Book, pp. 12 and 13. topherson.

The Improvement Era for January, 1932 177

(HRISTMAS eyDVENTURE Of zMlCKEY the JftfoUSE

'Twas the night before Christmas, and all through the And Mickey the Mouse was surprised and delighted house, To know that the house where he lived was not slighted.

Not a creature was stirring but wee Mickey Mouse,

There wasn't a pinhead of soot Nick, on old care, with inspecting the he was chimney And And he coughed not a cough, he but cried, "Tell me there. that St. Nicholas soon would In hopes be

quick! fear, well well he wonder, might might he and And is it has to this clean happened What up house the For chimney through Saint Nick had come down of and smoke Of the Mickey Mouse!"soot—say, last year

Then spoke Mickey told up and he knew, what smoke, strangling All with soot, with covered and dirt, That the the and smoke soot the and were taboo in choke, every a rage between swore he And

In all clean the houses throughout the great west "It's pity couldn't to a they give welcome me

Since Natural has all Gas of fuels found been the best.

fill tree! stockings and to the asked up they me When

I'v a good mind no longer appointments to keep, So Nick warmed his hands at the glowing gas grate,

But to turn my Job over to some chimney sweep!"And laughed, "Ho! Ho! Ho! I sure 'predate

The nodirt, nosmoke, nosoot of this home,

Now, Mickey the Mouse had just finished a round And now I will show it before I must roam."

Of Mouse Golf with one of his friends when the sound So he left better presents than ever before,

Of St. Nicholas swearing broke in on the game, And stuffed all the stockings till none would hold more.

And they had to admit that it sure was a shame, He said, as he left, "When I'm pleased, then I please!"

The way that good Santa Claus found himself treated. And he stretched Mickey's sock with a large hunk of

Would you like with soot and smoke to be greeted? cheese.

So this night Mickey hung up his sock at the grate, Now, listen, dear children, and tell all the folks,

And stationed himself for a long watchful wait; That dirt, smoke and soot are no ionger jokes

When he heard on the roof the sound of a clatter, If your family healthy would be every day,

And he wasn't just certain what could be the matter, Cook with gas, heat with gas, use gas every way,

Till down through the chimney came old Nick himself, And the town will be smokeless, and clean every house,

As happy as could be, the merry old elf! Take advice from old Santa and Mickey the Mouse.

What is more practical as a Gift than a NATURAL GAS

Range Water Heater Refrigerator Fireplace Heater Furnace Kitchen Heater Circulating Heater Bathroom Heater

AT STARTLING REDUCTIONS—EASY TERMS

This year give a useful gift, with the easy holiday terms and the New Low Natural Gas RatesIt's smart to be thrifty!

6- UTAH GAS COKE CO. WASATCH GAS CO Serving Salt Serving City Lake

OGDEN GAS COMPANY Twentyonewith prompt,Utahcourteous,Communitiespublic

Serving Ogden service

K&vG*0<0r*<&*&Xj0Or*&>&vv-&*'0&v 178 The Improvement Era for January, 1932

Amigo Continuedpage from139 road. I follow a short way, sad- I say, Ramon, are these Lone language which you have tell me is

ly. Sidely, there reposes a large Scout's actions? I step to these not nice. I try to lead Amigo. I

pile of stones which were a house circular men. I tell them of the do not wish they should think my

in past time. Amigo walks with unkind actions to cocks which Amigo is one of those which

slowness to the center of this pile. should kill for pleasure. They stand stubborn. I pull and coax

He does not heed the five. Then have great laughs for me. I beg him with no use. This hour goes

with great suddenness he kicks his them in earnest talk that this is by. Many persons appear. They

behind legs to the sun, and the cruelty. They have joy in my make me great laughs. Amigo

five fall upon the stones with much pain. After a large time, he of the turns his head and looks at his

screams and yelps as Tomcoyotes, cock which is the weaker, gives me burden. Then he looks in my eye

and gushes of tears. They do not answer he will remove away his and his eyes say, Ramon, I will

wish to ride Amigo to the Fiesta. cock from the fighting if I will give now do my daily good turn. He

They tell me with anger they will to him my burro. He has need. sinks down onto his knees and

not ride him should I pay them My Amigo! I have great pain. starts to roll over. The man is

moneys that they do it. This is These hombres give me great fill with anger. He shout about the

foolishment. I have no wish to laughs. I think it is hard to be words of loud swearing, and yell

pay moneys to this five that they kind. Then I think of you, most to Amigo he will kill this so exshould ride my dear Amigo. He lovely lady, I say, Ramon, are pensive cock. Amigo does not

return to me with great proudthese Lone Scout's actions? I desist. The man dance and yell

ness. He have done his daily whisper in the ear of Amigo. He me to remove this cock and I may

good turn. It is to himself. He looks at me with wiseness. His retain my dear burro. He will

is very wise. large eyes tell me he has more not take these chance. I am very

I wish you have not weary of wisdom than all these circular men. happy. Amigo is very happy,

Amigo's wiseness, for there is more To this man I give the rope. I also. He is very wise, also.

also. cannot talk there is this feeling in The blessings of our Gracious

jIT is the second day of the throat. They have surprise. Lady and all the Saints be upon

this Fiesta. The good Padre comes They have anger also. They wish my so beautiful teacher of the

to sit with the grandmother and to observe this fighting. The man school.

asks it that ride up to the Plaza of the weaker cock puts him in a Ramon Vasquez, for the small holiday. Excited is bag and takes my rope. He ties San Josefa,

the cock of is the west village. It on in the andeverywhere Amigo I Apreciable Mathe east. of clothing himself the Fiesta the the on Jose peode San and

de Escuela:—1V1 lead try he the estra to to ple are Then very a small happy. After Amigo

It is not sorrow I must with rests. his this horse I where see a these But in circulartime men salute you.

so I willing always will notposition Amigo are these cocks and knew the yesterday, of sunset the At step. I fight. move one has in theengage The man to use have in the light candle tiny which was anger. pulls great with He thisthink of nothings fightings for grandmother, of the eyes my

it I tells strength. this lead to times these seen have He me is many out. flickered

cocks kill the other one. But now so worthless burro. He speaks the We were sitting in the sun where

she loved to be, and her old face was turned to its slow departure. As the bright glow faded, a strange

$15.00 Per Month $15.00 light blazed up in her sunken eyes

for one instant only, and then all light was gone. But me, I should

forever not have it was known Padre, L. D* S* Business College gone, had not the good who

COMPLETE COMMERCIAL TRAINING hadremainedseen thiswiththinguscomingall theand day,had closed with gentleness the withAt A Low Cost

WALTON ACCOUNTING—STENOTYPY eredwithin.lids and carried the tiny form

GREGG SHORTHAND—TYPEWRITINGIt is well, the Padre says, for

ENGLISH—MATHEMATICS—SALESMANSHIP those sunken eyes have looked upENTER ANY MONDAY onSummersmore thansince afirsthundredthe taperblazingwas

lighted within them. Now they

$15.00 Per Month $15.00 have closed the weary flesh may

Includes Gymnasium Privileges at the Deseret Gym rest in peace.

It is well, but there is this L, D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE feeling in the throat and this dim80 NO. MAIN nesslittle inclawthe eyeshandswhenoverwethefoldheartthe

that have scarcely beat for so long.

.

The Improvement Era for January, 1932 179

TiHE Padre tells that I should now go to my uncle in the remaining S. is none ThereU... best Results walk For close blood who nowof my

the earth near San Josefa.

It is happy that I should look TSE Royal Baking Powder. Th IS

so soon again upon the beautiful famous baking powder containface of my so dear teacher in the school. ing Cream of Tartar, is judged most

But there remains Amigo. dependable by dietitians and food exThe Padre has not for him the

warm regard which I could wish. perts, and most healthful by doctors.

He think Amigo is as other burThe choice of three generations of ros. Though I know he is of a women!

very uncommonness. And could

I leave him to the unkindness of these Garcias, which ride him five all in the same time? I have fear

if I should take him with, heshould not love the U. S. Amigo Royal Baking Powder

is a citizen of Mexico and speak no other language. And would At all leading grocers

my uncle send the money he should ride on the train? And would

not Amigo fear this roaring monster which should carry him swiftHave Your Auto The Utah High still?ly while he yet stood He Tops Repaired School of Beautyhas travel always on his own four

strong legs and his pace is more We Specialize in Windshield and Culture 1 Clift Bldg.. Salt Lakeslow than swift. Amigo has also Tops,EnclosureSeat GlassCoversWorkand 33

these strong thoughts of his own Auto Awnings Learn a profession that would make and decides with firmness. I should We Specialize in Body and Fender you independent for the rest of

with difficult move him from one Work your life. Write for catalog.

to the other car. And should be WELLINGTON Mail this Coupon

make all the great change with AUTO TOP 8c TRIMMING Name willingness? Quien sabe? COMPANY Address

Thus, dear Miss Bronson, what George Bloomfield, Manager will become of me in the future Was. 7446 137141 Motor Ave. CityWe can provide room and board to

days is very unknown to me at Salt Lake City, Utah students out of town the present time.

May our Lady smile upon all your days and peace attend you.

Ramon Vasquez, \ Western Chocolate

San Josefa, August 10. Chihuahua, Mexico. for Western Schools

Most school cafeterias in the West serve hot chocolate, made with Ghirardelli's Ground

Gandhi's Greatness Chocolate. Managers and principals know

(.ANDHI is the world's present thatthat means clearer heads in the afternoon

day outstanding example of periods, and a better healrh average during supreme greatness. Without trying months. Attn of Ghirardelli'sGround

wealth, powerful office, social presChocolate in the cafeteria is a pretty good tige or magnetic personality, he recommendation for the management of the commands for of 350,- the homage FREE... Sixteen".Write school. "Sweet un000,000 human beings. Only Packet Recipe No.

principals, parents, teachfrom D. GhirardelliCo., usual 2, intellectual rare Correspondence powers and St., Point North 914 is invited. managers D. Ghirarers, and cafeteria Calif. Francisco, San nobility of character so procan

foundly impress such a mass of hudelli Co., 914 North Point St., San Francisco.

manity. In his greatness is found

a harmonious blending of all the cardinal characteristics of all the GHIRARDELLI'S illustrious world's leaders—simplisincerity, city, humility, courage, CHOCOLATE

t*—Nephilove of man,Jensen.and loyalty to truth. Say "Gearar-delly"

180 The Improvement Era for January, 1932

M. I. A. Monthly Report of

Accomplishments for October, 1931 Mother Nature

to "8.5 1) plenty of i itO

o3 3H sfi to g tou cs Efficient fio 4-SB tofi -o -3r—o to Q CD o a to.3 be O3 R Power a Man T3 s s *? tofi fiO of. No. 03 Con Wards gS the and A!,C S S W 03 ducting Depart- =3 03

"3 H to in ments $l i>to t3 us( &<u P? Correct 3h Ward Sessio toa1-4 *** if Wards

to ft* u Campaign 03 Vto h o3 s-fi Machinery having as s01 of fi ing of J3 >

i M 4- still combine

i o 03 O si Ifci to to i chII HOLD

E 1 YM YL YM YL Public Speaking Story Tellin*—5fi 'co3 KNIGHT to o3uQ 03P

Alberta ii 6 10 5 2 10 35 10 10 4 4 7 4 10 Spring Alpine fi 6 g 95 g 5 g 6 s 6 g g 3

Bear Lake Canyon BannockBear q q 7 7 9 7 3 4 2fi River 1?11 1?10 12 105 10 1010 129 109 88 82 3 75 3 32 8060

Benson 14 10 14 12 10 14 14 14 12 11 3 7 2 3 90

Beaver 5 3 4 \ Big Horn 5&1&L.JT0OIT'SHOTl Blackfoot 14fi 5 69 5 58 59 59 g9 g7 4fi 38 2fi 2? 33 9640

Blaine 7 3 3 3 2 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 32

Boise 10 g g 6 6 6 S 4 1 4 2 1 78

Boxelder 13 13 13 12 10 10 12 8 3 3 6 11 73

Cache g 7 g 6 8 7 7 7 S 6 4 3 1 11 90

Carbon fi 6 1 6 3 B 5 5 3 4 1 90

Cassia 5 4 4 S 4 4 86 1 4 S fi 4 4

. Cottonwood.. 105 10 "i 9 9 10 9 68 8 8 8

6 3 Curlew 3 1 3 3 2 2 2 2 5 12 3 9 9 7 9 7 9 8 9 i 4R Bast Jordan 11 8 11 8 10 10 10 10 11 9 7 8 3 2 90 and EmeryEnsign 108 84 86 81 8B 86 76 46 34 S4 42 B3 21 23 SOB0

Franklin 11 10 7 11 11 11 10 g 1 g g 7 75

Garfield 8 7 8 4 6 8 8 8 8 fi 3 3 1 3 67 9 10 6 9 9 1 8 7 2 9 8 75 ROYAL Granite Grant 14 g 12 13 5 g 13 5 13 g 12 75 f; 13

fi fi Gunnison 1 4 5 g g 2 2 2 2 Hollywood 14 s 14 12 9 13 14 13 12 g g 11 g 5 3653

Idaho 9?. B 2 5 5 B B 3?,? 1 3 45

Idaho Falls 15? 1? 1?, 10 9 10 1? Ifl 1?: 8 g 3 3 3 75

Juab 5 5 5 5 5 1 5 3 2 2 1 1 72 5 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 2 3 Kolob 5 3 5 2 5 5 B 4 B B 4 2 80 7 7 7 Lehi 5 3 4 30 7 7 3 4 7—

12 10 12 1 95 10 11 12 10 B 11 2 at the head of the list of LoganLos Angeles 1111 10 99 6 78 99 99 97 98 64 47 48 43 5B 7987 unusually Lost River 77 3 7 1 3 3S 36 3S 41 22 2 2 4 4 41.62B

Malad 9 7 9 7 9 9 9 8 6 6 3 4 1 50

Maricopa 11 11 10 7 9 11 11 11 9 10 B 8 8 8 83.9 GOOD COALS Millard 7 5 6 7 6 B B B 4 1 1

Minidoka 8 5 4 4 5 5 4 3?, 3 1 1 98

q 7 8 fi 9 g g g 7 1 3 5 3 1 85 ask your friend Montpelier 14 8 8 8 8 8 7 4 1 8 3 4 6 fi Morgan 8 7 7 B 3 5 the coat dealer Moroni 5 B 5 5 5 4 4 4 11 43 1 1 73

Mt. Ogden 8 fi fi fi 5 5 5 3 4? 3 92

Nevada 7 5 5 5 5 4 s 5 5 5 2 3 1 1 B6

Knight Fuel NorthNorth DavisSanpete 75 65 7fi 47 fi5 55 6B fi3 84 fi3 4?, 5>3 7169

4.... 3 3 3 2 2 3 3 1 2 1 9B

North Weber 14 7 13 3 10 12 12 9 12 11 6 8 6 65 Company 9 9 7 9 9 9 6....

Ogden 12 8 12 8 12 12 12 10 12 12 4 12.... 1 87

Oneida 11 11 11 8 10 11 11 11 11 10 2 5 3 4 75

1 Royal Coal OquirrhPalmyraPanguitch 6 6 6 B B 6 6 6 6 B S 6 4 4 66 6 3 4 1....3..-.4....4....4 3 3 1 3 1 75

11 11 7 10 9 7 9 10 8 10 72 B 6

?, Company ParowanPioneerPocatello 11 9 6 7 8 8 B 3 3 5 1 2 90 8 10 9 10 10 10 10 10 8 7 9, 5 3 89

LEONARD E. ADAMS RaftPortneufRiver... 86 48 57 26 85 46 B7 57 7 6 3 fi1 1 1 95

General Sales Agent 13 8 9 6 8 9 9 9 9 7 2 6 1 2 74 9.... 9.... 7 9 6 6 B 4 1 3 6 80

General Offices 8th Floor Shelley 97 7 87 B 56 77 77 77 76 4B 4?. 43?,1 21 70

Newhouse Bldg. 8 8 8 6 7 8 7 6 8 6 1 6 3 3 82

Salt Lake City, Utah, U. S. A. SouthStar ValleySevier 118 4 107 4 106 106 107 107 79 47....1 B4 B1 6 9490

13 8.... 8 8 8 7 7 B 2 2 1....

Sharon 7 7 7 B 6 7 6 6 6 6 1 B 1 1 83

Salt Lake 13 11 13 9 11 13 13 6 12 10 7 8 3 6 79

San Francisco 9.... 9 7 9 9 7 9 8 2T 7 4 2 90

The Improvement Era for January, 1932 181

M. I. A. Monthly Report of

Accomplishments for October, 1931 We Make Loveliness Lovelier

TO GO c *r-"55 itO a P. JfKtftdfelTs Pieauijj Jtfojips 3 1 q9 T3 J3

S n! u For Will a That You Wave ft 0 60a $3.00 to $6.50 PermanentLike—From 5P 60O O best supplies guarOnly wave i used—Every (4a antteed, 30 prices include and shampoo and a "3

> finger 60P additional shampoo and V of No. wave—An ConWards S-S 8

$4.00 finger with wave eB 3 Permanent Waves, W ducting Depart- &

over. and 13 11 in: ments 03 rg

Dried Hair Long FINGER WAVING—50c 62 01w3 at. en 35c Dried, Short Dried 25c Hair Not

03 Sis *Mfi t< toa to 50c MARCELLING 61 S Si ag s OJ3 "S3 Call for 10316 Appointment Was. o 8 c <M v. Bldg., Salt Medical Arts City, Lake Utah feO *H ri o O h > dg p'A.fa fc iW, sa H zm &s

toa '53 FM YL?M YL S '3

uO aa 3 Public Speaking Story Telling

San Juan 3.... 3 3 3 3 3 3 2 1 2 2 2 50

San Luis 4 4 2 4 4 3 3 3 3 90 Sevier 8 8 8 6 8 8 8 8 8 6 1 2 2 3 64

St. Johns 6 6 4 3 3 4 4 4 3 3 3 2 3 25

14 14 12 14 12 12 12 12 12 11 12 12 11 12 83

Taylor 6 6 5 6 6 6 6 6 6 5 6 5 25

TetonTimpanogos 76 6 66 "3 26 66 66 55 36 34 1 35 11 22 60

Tooele 9 6 6 5 6 6 5 3 6 e 1 3 86

FallsTwin Uintah 6 *4 83 "4 83 48 48 48 38 8 26 32 2 7560 10

UnionUtah 96 9 95 "i 59 95 95 57 59 59 29 48 22 21 10091 amatt&i

Wasatch 9 9 9 9 9 8 8 3 4 9 7 3 100 7 7 4 7 7 5 5 7 2 2 2 2 9 8 8 8 6 8 8 7 6 6 1 3 1 1 80 8 7 8 7 8 8 8 7 8 7 3 5 2 5 100 Umjl 1 4 1 2 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4Woodruff 3 6 3 "2 8550 6 4 7 9 8 7 10 7 8 8Yellowstone 2 3 3 2 5 5 4 4 2 4 4Zion Park oWndedfae 9. 87 13 41 18 14 20 12 23....24 16 24 25Calif. Mission

.... 1 1 3 25 2 2 6 mmmm. 2 3 2Canadian 4. Mission

Northwestern States 16 12 12 12 1 7 9 6 7 3 4 6 4 6 100

The Music Festival in June Boardfied, maymembersbe addedwho areto musicallythe completedqualichorus, and they too may attend the MORTICIANS interest the anhas followedGREAT festival.

the of nouncement Music Festival to be held in Salt Lake City at the time This Festival, it is felt, will mark the of the M. I. A. Conference in June, 1932, beginning of unprecedented accomplishwhich is to take the place of the regular ment in this field of M. I. A. activity.

music contests. Eligible to attend this

festival and participate in the advantages offered in the way of expert instruction, are members of all choruses—Male, Ladies'and have won out Mixed—which

their in stake competition. own The fact that the original provisions Murray Laundry

included members of one ward only from each stake, has led to the addition of "More Leisure Hours for eligibilityother regulations:

(1) Stakes desiring to augment their Mothers"ward groups, in order to give more than festival,one the the benefit of ward may Your Clothes Are Washed In to the chorus add winning ward members of other wards in the stake, provided that the entire group numbers no Rain Soft Artesian more than fifty. In this way, the work

of the Conference will get back into many Water and Mild wards, and give equal opportunity for benefit, Soap (2) In cases where there are not enough individuals in a ward to make PHONES chorus, competition up a may be set Wasatch 1637 Murray 213 aside, at Officers the decision of Stake and a Stake Music Festival substituted, Hyland 612 American Fork 213 at which time a chorus made up of memBingham 213 bers of all wards in the stake may represent the stake at the June Festival. Send Your Laundry By Parcel Post

(3) In addition, choristers and organists of all ward choruses and also Stake

182 The Improvement Era for January, 1932

4lThe Surrender of Father Time

Continued from page 145 teeth. "I ain't excusin'what closed her lips tightly, quickly

he done. Land knows I feel scanned the faces for signs of apbad enough about it, and about proval, then continued: "If any

my girl, the poor lamb! It of you wants to help, your assistain't just a matter of money with ance will be very much apprecius."Blanche blinked to keep back ated. Just ask me an''11 give you

the tears. "But after all, it's worse a job."In the manner of one havfor you to take from men a chance ing delivered a finished oration,

to work than for that boy to take Blanche strutted to the kitchen.

money. He's little more 'n a silly "Oh, mother, how can you?"

kid, much too young for an assistPatsy sobbingly questioned as the ant cashier. But you're gettin'on. door swung to.

You've been at my boardinghouse An anguished expression crossed nineteen year, an'you wasn't Blanche's face as she answered young when you come. You ought 'There, lovey, ma knows how you

From Utah's Largest to know better."feel, but help ma with the party

"When I want someone to tell an'it'll make you feel better."

LocallyOwned me what to do, I'll let you know.""I can't mother! I can't bear to

Bakery "There now, Sam, I don't mean even see people."Her slender body

a I've been mother nasty. to be tears to quivered; big her blue from you bakery Royal buy When foods—Royal in feet mustard, your soaked you; eyes in splashed of potathe pan Table Bread, Royal Dated Bread Queen poultices your flaxseed on

varieties peeling. of toes she Bread, Royal many other and put held Blanche was

Royal Cakes—you not only get the purest, chest, and such like. I'm right her hurt childbride against her been you've of delicious foods, fond most you. I know but you also patronside, ample whispered: "I and own

industry. ize a 100% home but mine; for the a manager good take I could wish heartache your

meetin'the New Year had usually been able to shift PatROYAL BAKING CO. Ithejustfolkscan't stand the thought of and carry it for you."Blanche

Salt Lake City and Ogden with conditions black as they are sy's burdens to her own broad today. I've got to do something, shoulders; today, she could only

if I do it all myself."say: 'The best way to forget

"Guess you'll have to."your own troubles, darlin', is to do

"If only you'd clear the road, something for somebody else."

fixin'wires that's the get a man

I can't. "But You how know maybe, maybe and New down,TEMPLE all feel they about Ned. They're goin'tell you're 'em Eve, Year's BRAND togrand."open the mine again, it'd be blaming"That'sme—just it, lovey, you an'

Sam propped his feet comfortme ain't in no way to blame but

Latterday Saint ably on the pile of logs, slumped some thinks 'count o'Ned we are, in his chair, shut his eyes and asan'it's up to us to do something sumed sleep, to end the discussion. to make things better. Scatter aGARMENTSManufactured in Logan, Utah by Utah Employe* bit o'joy."

Capital and Utah Patronize Industries LjY next morning Her arm around Patsy's waist Home

What Utah Makes—Makes Utah something had happened to Blanche led her to the kitchen winPERSONNEL Blanche. Yesterday's depression dow, and pushing the curtain aside

President; H. K. Merrill, J. W. Seamons, Vice had lifted. She came down stairs remarked: "It's a little brighter

President; Otto Mehr, Secretary

in stiffly starched percale, her dark in the west this morning. Maybe

No. NEW OR OLD STYLE GARMENTS hair still damp from the wet comb it won't snow much longer. Look

1 Rib Knit Lt. Wt., Ecru, Cotton $.75 that had smoothed it from her lovey, see the snowballs the JenKnit, 2 Bib Wt., White, Cotton.. Med..95 wholesome face. Her very appearsen kids have lined up there."Quality, Knit, Ex. 3 Fine Bib Ecru, Cot. 1.75

4 Bib Knit, Med. Hvy., Silk Stripe, Cot. 1.65 ance suggested action, the beginWhile the two watched the chilKnit, Fine, 5 Extra Bib White, Cotton.. 1.30 task, their dren, one busy with sheet."clean of "a

6 Flat Ex. Cot. Fine, Weave. White, 1.25 ning

lost rolled balance snowball and It long to get actake did not Fine, 7 Ex. Basket Stripe, Weave, S. Cot. 1.15

8 Bun Besistent, Bayon, Silk Stripe 95 tion started either, for at the down the mountain side. Before

9 Besistent, Dulesco Super Bayon,..... 1.75

Weight.. Med. and Cotton, 1.95 breakfast table while twentytwo it stopped it had trebled its bulk. Part Wool 10

11 Bayon Silk and Wool Cotton Mixed... 2.45 boarders were enjoying bacon and 'That's all we need to do, Pat12 to formally stood sy, start ball Blanche the Happy New Year Children's Men's Hvy.Unions—BoysWt. Winter Garment,or Girls—50cWhite up1.45 eggs,

all cordially are it'll rollin'announce: an'an'big- "You get bigger

'till big a to attend invited ger everyone's helpin'."New Year's LOGAN GARMENT Blanche at the Hojust can't."Eve banquet La me. I "All but

tel next Thursday night. Every- "Yes you can an'will. It's like "The Bestt COMPANYin the West"Write for Samples

39 West 1st No. Logan, Utah one in Haddy's Hollow is to be medicine; maybe you don't like it

invited; children too."She paused, but if necessary you must take it."

The Improvement Era for January, 1932 183

Patsy broke away and went sobSam. Blanche understood that the old year's gone. We're goin'

bing to her own room. they hated him for closing the to make enough noise New Year's

Today Blanche's toes pointed mine, yet craved his favor, should eve for the whole world to hear.

it open. Silence meant safety. straight It ahead. have would "Everybody's plannin'to make taken a tragedy divert line to her presents else, for everybody things

of march. goin'to the store,""I'm o'scraps, out little hobbyhorses, I thought Sam, OOR she the she to cook, as announced ironing boards, blocks, pincushas Blanche she the othsummoned struggled into coat, her bulky and ions, doll quilts, lifters, hot pan ers: boys. "Come, up, Draw tied fascinator an icewool over just everything I oh the men, womtell I want to about today. you her head. soon."back "Be en an'children can without make visited in every house the Hollow

and they're all crazy about our spendin'money. Won't it be

J.N one hour she was New Year's Eve party. 1931 has grand?"Blanche's face beamed

stamping the snow from her feet, been a little hard on most of us, contagiously.

shaking the wet flakes from her but those that's still got their "I need the help of every man coat, and explaining in breathy health an'strength is goin'to crow of you to help get ready. There's

sentences: "Just 'bought out the about it, 'fore it's too late, 'fore tables an'benches to be made; a

store, Moll. Banquet for a hundred an'seventy takes a lot o'food.

Course I couldn't get no turkeys or chickens, but they got five hams, an'Garry says he kind o'thinks the milkman's got one cow be might sell for beef. It ain't

any too young, an'it ain't got long to cure, but you can doll it up some scrumptuous way. I told

Garry you could make Noah's cow taste like angelcake if you'd a mind to. "Oh, an'about the puddings an'fruit cake, I bought all the raisins an'citronpeel in the store. Garry's Radio Editors

bringin'them over. If old Smedly

will beef his cow, Garry will kill it today an'get suet for the pudGhoose Golumbia!

ding soon as he can."132 Radio Editors Chose Over Ten Columbia

"Say you are expecting a hunNetwork Programs for the "Ailan'dred seventy?"

'Yes, that's what they say lives American Radio Team"here. Can you make enough pudMake

dings for that many, Moll?"

"Sure I can. Count on me to

help with everything. I think you

got a magnificent idea. I'm right sick of all this pouting around."1932

"I knew you'd help. You never

failed me yet, dearie. If you can A Banner Radiomanage without me today I'm

goin'up the road and invite everybody. I'd send one of the boardYear

ers but maybe it'll take some exListen to the Leading Programs plainin'so I'll go myself. 'Spect

it'll be near night 'fore I'm back."

And Blanche faced the snow again.

The cow was killed and the suet over by early afternoon, so before

Blanche returned every corner of the hotel was fragrant with pungent spicy odors. The men loitering in the lobby showed some

slight response to the delicious holiday scents. At least it seemed toBlanche that they were a little KDYLTHE popular STATION"

less serious, all except Sam. He

still sat stoically silent before the Member Columbia Broadcasting System fire. The boarders were avoiding

184 The Improvement Era for January, 1932

tree to be cut and trimmed; we Every boarder except Sam was

must have a tree for the children. busy at his assigned task. Ham-

A program to get up; I promised mers, saws, planes transformed the

I'd get Jim to sing his cowboy lobby into a work shop. Tables Plan NOW songs, an'that some of the rest and benches came magically into

would work up a quartet or two. being. Huge pinebough wreaths

to Plant complacentlyWell,"Blanchein thefoldedslightherindentaarms tookdow. formThoughand hungno inflowersevery winwere

tion that marks her waist line, available and no crepe paper to be

Get Our Free Seed and shook her head knowingly and finhad at the store for the "perfectly

Nursery Guide Book for 1932 ished: "There's just so much to lovely"artificial roses Patsy knew

It contains 100 pages fully ildo boys, that we won't know how to make, Blanche chanced to lustrated, brim full of just the where to start."remember that the red, white and

vital planting information needed Silence. Dead silence. The men blue paper streamers left from the

by every Home Owner. looked at Sam. Had he approved "Fourth"were stored in the attic,

If you will mention this magathey would have been enthusiastic, and Patsy consented to make roses zine when you write, we will send but they could not afford to vex to brighten the evergreen mounds also free that sought much that to grace the long tables were after Sam. The silence continued.

Outto -Make an booklet—"How

distances. at regular Blanche paled. It is fully door Living Room".

illustrated in color and written by "I'm powerful tired. Good National Experts. night boys."Her feet dragged as WHEN Blanche took

Remember, A Postal Card with she climbed the stairs. the paper to Patsy's room she exyour name and address referring to plained: "Red and white will be

the Era will bring you both of 1 HE night was long; perfect and I don't know but that

these valuable books Free. filled with disturbing dreams, and you had better make blue roses

Do It Today! troubled wakenings. For many too. Who knows that roses ain't

hours Blanche lay wideeyed starblue sometimes."Day before New

blackness, into the ing and to Patwon- Years Blanche went when PorterWalton Co. her plans dering or not whether for the flowers she was sy's room

SEED AND NURSERY affair carry. to going exwere surprised delighted beyond and The

SPECIALISTS was entailing utmost effort and unpression. Taking her child in her

Salt Lake City, Utah heard of expense on her part. If arms she rocked and petted Patsy as

it succeeded, even though it meant she used to do when she was a badenial later, money was of little by. She fondly whispered over

consequence, but if it failed and over again, "No one, but my

She flopped. It must not fail, own precious Patsy, would have

it means too much! It can't fail! thought of making blue birds for

Then she began to plot ways and happiness, 'stead of blue roses."

This means to win Sam. His particiAnd Blanche experienced her one

pation in their plans was vital joyful moment since Ned left.

84 Page That some folk had to be coaxed Patsy had forgotten the terrible to come because Sam, of necessity heartache for the time it took to

Looseleaf must be there, no one but she make Bluebirds. She thought hapshould ever know. They would piness! The party was working,

Cook Book feel better toward him if he joined for everyone except Sam. Blanche

in the festivities—Sam wasn't enresumed her work with new zeal. tirely to blame—The men hadn't Another problem awaited her in

all the lobby. The many long tables been sports about the cut—but—yours for the

working to make the party a sucleft no place for the tree. At last

asking! cess a lot of after shiftings, do sugwould Blanche many good—It

brings you more than 300 tested heart. let's soften even Sam's "I'll gested: might tell you, hang IT recipes, approved by Good Houseuntil faintit stories she reasoned the ceiling. It's the keeping Institute. two from Thousands of Thus

women who copies have of this est dawn peeped in her window. high and strong enough."it is book say the most helpful and

convenient recipe definite they've book she seen. few it'd had a "But be upside down,"one By then

can You have a copy free of charge. into so slipped objected. an plans and hour's of the boys Just send us your name and address.

SEGO MILK restful slumber. "That's all right, most everyPRODUCTS CO. Sunday Blanche made her plans thing is, but the lights and tinsel

Salt Lake City in detail, noted every necessity so will be just as bright upsidedown."

that the next day and the next "It's gorgeous! perfectly gorgeand the next were as busy as she ous!"exclaimed Moll, who had

had predicted. The quartet, the come in piled to the neck with the

double quartet, Jim the cowboy clean sheets substituting for table practiced until the cook threatened cloths.

to depart, bag and baggage. They Blanche and Moll had one grave

only laughed at her nerves"and secret. From worn sheets and a

reminded her that there happened roll of cotton batting they had to be no way out. made a most picturesque costume

The Improvement Era for January, 1932 185

for Father Time. His duty was to on you an'you'll be the grandest While the gifts were being disbe the distribution of gifts. The Father Time ever was."tributed the telephone rang, the

costume had purposely been cut to He chuckled as she finished makfirst time it had rung in eleven the generous proportions of Big ing him up. "That's right Sam, days. Everyone sat breathless as

Sam. Should he still refuse to parlaugh like that when you're givin'Patsy dashed to answer.

ticipate in their festivities they out the presents.""Yes Ned. Yes Ned. Yes Ned

planned to explain that the suit "I should think Father Time—-"they listened to every word.

happened to be too large for anyshould be a serious old duffer."Ned neemed to be doing the talkone but him. By hook or crook "No, he isn't. I think he must ing. Blanche went over and stood

he must be inveigled into the coslaugh all the time because he has with her arm around Patsy's waist.

tume. Not that some other perthe joke on everybody. Nobody

son might not have taken the part, ever gets the best o'him."PATSY turned to the

and handed out the gifts, but Sam "All right, I'll laugh if you say group. She was as white and stillas Father Time might forget the to."He entered into the part with looking as a gardenia, little and

worried grouchy Sam that had gusto; had a pleasant word to go frail by her big mother, but her

come into being the last months, with every gift, and there were head was high. In a trembling

be his own jolly self again, and do three huge cartons of them. (Continued on page 192)more for the men—-than—- "We

won't say a word about it Moll, until the 'sirologeal'moment, but keep prayin'."

New YEAR'S EVE! I. A. PUBLICATIONSEverything, that is, everything ex- E

cept Sam's cooperation had happened exactly as planned. The

banquet tables were beautiful. The For Stake and Ward Officersfood "scrumptuous."The quartet the "grand,"program and and Leaders

at full the swing,moving when men, with due ceremony, anIf you desire these books we urge that you order now. Some

nounced that during the mysteriof the editions are nearly exhausted, others are low.

ous hours they had spent away from home they had cleared the M. I. A. Handbook—50c—Outlining the complete M. I. A. program

road almost through to Nilwood,—organization—departments—activities—contests—etc. Indis-

"Hoped to make it to the end, but pensable to officers and teachers.

a slide."intoran

including plays complete I. A. M. Book of Plays—$1.00—Three looked chagrined. Blanche Sam 1932. Espeof right without royalty, until production June 15th,

seized the moment: "Sam was * cially selected for M. I. A. groups.

goin'to take care o'the road, but he had other things to think about. The Right Thing At All Times—50c—A modern book of etiquette.

He has the most important part on Manual of the joint M MenGleaner classes. An excellent guide

our program. "Come Sam, time to culture and good manners.

gettin'for ready youryou was of collection fine ($1.60 per dozen.) I. A. M. Song A Book—15c—fairlypart."he as staggered He edition. special songs. the best popular A. and standard M. I. A

followed up the stairs.

for outline.) study of study Course (With to Live—$1.75—the idea. I told "What's you How

of of the corroboration Department. Adult Word A striking before I wasn't anyfor doing

in standpoint. It should every be home from a scientific Wisdom

thing."library.

"But Sam, you are the only person this costume'll fit. We put it Study Outlines for How to Live—15c—If purchased separately the

on Garry an'it swallows him. Just study guide is 15c per copy. It is included free with each book

try it on. Please. All you have to How to Live at $1.75.

do is hand out the presents. I Community Activity Manual—Price 50c.

likeshould that."think you'd Senorita for music the 1932 contest dance. ComMia—40c—Special "I've never been for dressone I. A. posed especially everywhere. Popular for the M.

ing up.""I know Sam. It's a big favor >*@

I'm askin', but really you'll look wonderful in it, you're so big an'All publications are on hand for immediate shipment until handsome, and so jolly."editions are exhausted. All prices include postage. Remittance

"Are you sure it'll fit me?"must accompany orders. Order from Y. M. M. I. A., 406 Church

"Sure it will. I'll step out an'Office Building, Salt Lake City, Utah or Y. L. M. L A., 40 North

you slip it on. Then I'll come Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

back to put a little paint on your cheeks, fix this white hair an'beard L 186 The Improvement Era for January, 1932

SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSST, A i 4A Daughter of Martha Continuedpage from150 f

i i sage tea for my bites, to keep infecthere had been a boom and East-

f f tion out? Who sat by me and ern investors had become disgusted

i Let 1932 listened to my ravings? Who took and returned, refusing to send

t * her last money to send for my good money after bad. If you

i i Advance YOU father? The use of that little watched your chance, you could

i

t i in Music housedebt I won'towe you."even be interest on the picking. Ifupyoua bargaincould holdfor almostit, the nothtown

During the coming year, a would eventually right itself and property. valuable have you would in spent a week hours few a litto proved be XT \ turn Francis them, took Conrad favorite of your the study tle i indeed. in house which room A

i ride in his turn, a for marvelous by richly will repay instrument live eat. to cook and and room i A

like It a automobile. one t was insurprisingly with you in girls she the could which and

* there seated, except buggy, open appreciamastery creased and i slept, Peter porch where f sleep—a a horses. for Just shafts were greatest no the of music, tion of as laughingly explained, he and

fine arts. "drank fresh air for Aunt Cathhandle which he turned when he

corners. to climb It wouldn't came will progress be espeYour erine."of those There one was

i hill, a that to strong, but what was cially rapid pleasant unand i little switches, however, that t people could healthy push? skilled who der the guidance of a flooded the light. t with room No

it was Nancy's turn, the * McCune teacher. Our inlamps, no wicks, no smoke. And When

* structors are distinguished for soon Peter bought his mother a rides were always longer.

f their thorough and upto- fancy flatiron. She did not heat Gloria had the pleasure of cast-

i date teaching methods. it on the stove, like the old sads. ing a ballot for Judge Conrad. Of I

it his i great majority, in course It a fluting iron, wasn't but you i matter, really she didn't but in had t screwed socket, light a plug in the Letmusic—Enrollthis year advancefor lessonsyou

i little thrill in the the of standing * today. heated. the iron and marvels More every day! booth-—alone—on a parity with McCUNE the greatest and the richest. Her

at Gloria worked anything another's wealth she poverty or made School of Music to do. and Art could get in She took wash- i difference. no

t Lake City ings, ironed far night. into and the to even took Nancy two years

there to pull But water was no S 5 m*r w*S 5 Saltvw'5 *. WVSJ5JA3JLW1rc her educaunbalanced up home

bucket by bucket from a fortyfoot tion. She knew as much as high

well. She soon learned that a cerschool students in history and

tain class of women preferred to mathematics, but was woefully buy their pastries and bread, so she lacking in music and art. Now she WHY baked cakes, pies and biscuits which was ready for High School, where

Take a Chance? the children delivered. She went the books were not free. But

berries; to pick long she worked sample some Mrs. Conrad had it is so simple When in the canneries. a mathours The fingcopies, or rather Francis ter to protect your poultry had some

earnings in three ways: ers that had once knitted a sock sample copies, or rather Francis

a BREDday, untirsnipped beans 1. START WITH now samples. said they were They are that CHICKS, TOPAY filled ingly, or the huge tomato to Gloria, but almost looked new Production Mountain Bred, precision swiftbuckets with and things for to and Acclimated. Bred Francis loved do

2. BUY THEM HERE AT ness. them all, especially Nancy.

HOME, where you can see your The schools were free! Blessed

stock they chicks the come and of statehood. freedom All children them, before get and you from schools, I ETER was no longer in the public were equal asexpert get can you where

sistance in rearing them. even the books were provided. All custodian of the court house. He

sat in everycourt took and FRESH down 3. BUY HATCHED children to study. had do was

distance a short only CHICKS, said. in that wrote thing was He to read, learned to to paint, They to our hatchery from warm the figures, queer that above went a spell, cipher, to they even your brooder. had warm

PLAY SAFE. You can't aflittle dancing. Imagine, spending line and under the line and on the

it ail line. Afterwards, wrote he to with ford poulgamble your to to dance! money how

this profits try year. your Buy it. so read people could out The taught town They the teachmusic-—down chicks Oldest from and alike, their so looked twins much library. free Peter a there was Largest in the Hatchery West,

with 26 years of Experience in brought books home for the girls. teacher could not tell them apart.

Producing QUALITY CHICKS. It cost nothing. The door was Rodney came to see them someWrite, wire or call. open to rich and poor alike. times. He felt terribly sorry that

RAMSHAW nailsFiveovertoothbrushesthe water hungtap. on little Gloriafeared hadhis leftfatherthe mightold home.get sick.He

HATCHERIES How would he fare with only 3687 South State Street Aunt Catherine to cook and wash?

Phone Murray 474 J.UDGE CONRAD exVictoria worried over her mothSalt Lake City, Utah plained all about delinquent taxes er, too. But her concern was short

to Peter and Gloria. It seemed lived, for she came rushing in to

The Improvement Era for January, 1932 187

Gloria one day, all breathless and 'These new cars, like Francis', There was a new law now that disturbed. don't travel on air. Gasoline has made people send their children to

"Mother is coming!"she gasped. to be put into them. You can't school. There was one new the-

"Coming tonight. To me! What put enough in them to run forever. atre too, where there were only picshall I do?"Already there are places where you tures of people. They moved about

"She is your mother,"admon can go to buy ice. Some day thete and did things, and what they

ished Gloria. will be a need for places where you were supposed to say was shown

"But,"expostulated Victoria, can go to buy gasoline. A place on a screen. Something like a

"I can't comb her hair all day. I near the street, so the automobiles magic lantern, only much faster.

can't listen to her sing God Save don't have to stop too long."When Nancy had finished high

the Queen. I can't get enough For this venture she had to school and the twins were ready

cream to satisfy her!"adopt new economies. She cut the to enter, and Gloria and Peter had

"What do you expect to do family butter to one pound a week hopes of a bigger and better house, when you are old, Victoria, and and had Nancy walk home from a telegram came from Bruce. Gloperhaps Rodney is dead, like your school. She took one more ironria had always sent her address, father, and you have no home,

and you can't adjust yourself to ing. although Jonas had ignored it.

live on the charity of others—justwhat will you do?"

"Why, I'll go and live with my boy Horace, of course. I'll never

be old to him.""Will he comb your hair and An Outstanding Book

buy you all the sensational novels he can find, and let you sing yourself hoarse and satisfy your cravtor an Outstanding Group ings for certain foods?"As she

talked Gloria ironed wide flounced skirts which were to go to a debutante, and receive for which she would ffl Jfflen <utbe one dollar.

Victoria hung her head in dismay. "You have said enough, The Course of Study Program M MenGleaner the The I will Gloria. meetAunt

Athletic Schedules The train. first, I thought might you At Organization Plans The

be willing to take her. The Achievement Contest Outline

"It wasn't so bad,"chattered and other important information.

Aunt Catherine, as they rode home on the street car, "so long as the Contents of Course of Study food which Gloria had cooked up Choosing an Occupation—Preparation for Achievement—Agrilasted. I sort of enjoyed the quiet. culture—Biography of Dr. C. H. Eckles—Advertising—Biograof of phies Men—Banking—Biography all to. sing I could I wanted And of James Watt A. Frank LeadingVanderlip—Invention—BiographyAdvertising is child. Clairethat a well behaved of George The Sutherland—Merchandising Law—Biography to, speaks she is spoken ofShe when of Joseph Lee—Surgery—Biography Recreation—Biographylike a child should. Be still, HorJohn Hunter—Transportation Biography of James J. Hillace, and let your grandmother Trades—Biographies of Builders.

talk!"Contents of Activity Guide

Membership—Objective—Adult Supervisors—M Men Survey EVERY Christmas Ward Organization—Stake Organization—Division Organizafor M MenGloria packedand Thanksgiving Groups—Ward Groups—Constitution a tion—Affiliated

up Athletic of Drawing Activities Program—Athletics—Methods foodsgenerous of prepared box Standards Ball in Schedules Rules—Athletic Divisions—Basketfor Jonas. told never She him Events. Athletic for to Train a Code of The Sportman—How

what sacrifices she had to make to buy them. She sent them prepaid, M Men Achievement Contest

Course Speaking—Project—Slogan—Reading every containedand some Attendance—Public box

Ball Ball Pitching—Chinning—100 Yard Dash—Base

little girlish Claire. gift for Twice Men Broad Jump—Swimming—Bowling—M—BasketThrow—Standinga year, to Jonas, Glaria Activwrote and Public Conduct-—Debating Speaking—Miscellaneousasking him to join them in the ities—Annual M Men Banquet.

city, to leave the ranch. She reContents of M MenGleaner Program

ceived that acknowledgment no Home—Inthe Purpose—Objectives—Supervision—Etiquette everboxes had arrived, no letter Room troductions—Manners in Public—Etiquette in ofthetheBallcame in answer to hers. Etiquette of the Flag—Table and Dinner Etiquette—Courtship Gloria bought a small lot, facMarriage—Weddings—Entertainments—Leadership.

ing a corner. Judge Conrad deAll bound in one volume, price 35c. Send your order today to the

murred, suggesting something Y. M. M. I. A. 406 Church Office Bldg., Salt Lake City, Utah

about improvement taxes eating it up, but Gloria had vision.

188 The Improvement Era for January, 1932

The telegram, like Bruce, wasted "I will need linen,"announced no words: Gloria. "Have you any that is

"Father Whitman sick. Guess you'd clean?"

better come.""Claire,"called Bruce, harshly,

Bruce. "get some sheets."

GiLORIA took the ment.GloriaShestooddimlybackrememberedin amazethe

night train, telling Peter she Kafir women who had worked in would send for him if his father her mother's home. She had heard

were really very ill. The station stories of the abuse meted to

was unchanged, not even a coat of slaves in the south; but she had

paint had been added since she left. never before heard a father speak

Bruce drove up just as the train so cruelly to a child. Now she

pulled out and Gloria was deciding knew why Claire seemed afraid to she would have to walk. The same speak; why she looked so grateful Rated old oneseated buggy, with Prance for the slightest recognition; it was

as unchanged, might, though he deslave. Gloria nial Mentally best the just a little older. Bruce looked because Bruce treated her as a melike Winkle, been have Rip Van milking the did that Claire cided Lake City by the Salt asleep five years. the proshe course, that as of a matter

BOARD OF HEALTH "He's pretty sick,"he spoke vided her own fuel, carried all the

Clover LeafHarris Dairy conwithout emotion. "He went out water.

highest receives the sistently to levee the to the turn one water transbeen Jonas had When city the rating Board by fell of night, cold a and in. Caught better given ferred to the cleanness, bed and methods for Health

I guess."equipment. and better. drink, a seemed His he hot

at Claire met the back them milk Don't want from you as she Gloria eyes followed moved

Salt Lake's best dairy? door. Her eye was more sunken, about the room. She removed the

her twisted, cheek shoulher more center, the hanging from lamp Just Phone Wasatch 2177 ders slightly stooped, were her and piano, it, shaded, placed on the illfitting dress drab, removed any her to over prepared watch and youthful beauty have which might all night. sick eaf husband CloverLeafHarris hers. been smiled a frightin She

at MiILK ened manner at Gloria whose "Claire,"she smiled affably motherly embrace brought a quick the girl who stood near, uncertain flush of pleasure to the prematurely what to do, "I shall watch him old face. all night. The library used to have

Prince and the 'The a book called right—Jonas I it still there? Is breathing, Pauper.'The more wasBrucesick. hadHis beenlabored

rapid pulse, general lassitude all inshould like to see it again."

you have dicated a grave condition. He had "I don't know,"stammered

never been too robust. Gloria reClaire. "Father keeps that room

locked. He keeps the key. He the more membered the years she had shielded him from the heavier tasks, and says he won't have me wasting my

a girl with time reading. He says glad. was instantly was The room you have to one eye has no business cold; the uninviting linen and had only

read."its color. original untasted An need for lost

still stood the bed meal which by unappetising. looked The winGloria day I HE next all tightly closed. She were INSURANCE dows seemed purchased groceries in what

managed to rouse him so that he lavish quantities. She sent for delProtect what you have by recognized her and a smile of welca-cies to tempt the appetite of Joinsuring it. Buy sound come passed over his face. nas, provided sick room necessities,

insurance. Let us explain anticipated his every need, had a

the value of a policy in the vJNCE more a bed was doctor come from the city. But

Utah Home Fire Insurance hastilystood theerectedFranklinin the stove,parlor.theTherebig hisseemeddesirenotourgelivetowaskeepgone.up theTherebatCompany. piano as if it were only yesterday tle—slowly but perceptibly he that Gloria had left. The curweakened. All the doctor and GloUtah Home Fire heldtains inwereplacestill withdrapedthe backidenticaland riaing couldgentle.do was to make the passInsurance Co. blue bows which she had fash- "What do you do to live?"he

ioned. The top shelf of the whatasked Gloria. "I felt sure you

Heber J. Grant & Co. not was still vacant, where her would come back. I wanted you

General Agents gourds had stood. There were no here with me."

needles for the phonograph. The "Baking bread for hired men

Salt Lake City, Utah wax flowers had melted and run taught me how to cook,"smiled down into a rainbow hued mass. Gloria. "I bake and sell bread.

The Improvement Era for January, 1932 189

Fluting your shirts taught me how Claire from reading. She was al- "Yes, sir."There was no

tone. in change what As the meek in there, overworking ways and washto a good be ironer—I

all his I orders accepted got. the in Bruce key had sight she's put girls Peter workiron. works—the

it I this last this injunclife, so accepted guess he wore pocket, I and never first year the mya little. For

tasted butter."hole. I guess the key's plowed tion. No flicker of emotion passed

"Are the girls in school?"Glounder by now. Anyhow, it's over his expressionless face. But

ria had to lean far over the sick gone."He displayed a ragged he realized that there would be no

man to catch his whispers. pocket as proof of his assertion. one to call him to account if he did

"They all have your quick, Jonas Whittman rose up in bed not discharge the order.

wonderful brain, Jonas. They all and issued his last order. "Crown of Glory,"whispered

do nicely in school.""I charge you Bruce, to proceed Jonas Whittman for the last time,

"I wish you could understand, according to law and to divide all "I'm glad you found me on the is Gloria, stream. the only Land, years for not of Glory,"Crown alike, that I leave, share and share that perish!"possession does not endearthat called her by hehad

shall children. * * * between You my I to haveing term, had "why

land. My parents worked from have a share, for you have stayed Gloria, with Rodney, Peter and

childhood in those terrible cotton by me."Bruce assembled in the parlor

factories in England. They put fc..

me there too, when I was seven. I H 11—iih—11—1|—H—11—H—nu—II—II—ll—II—ll11—11—II—wll—M—.1111—|f

never saw a cow or a pasture or a grain field during all my child- A BOOK EVERY BOY LEADER cotcotton. Bales ofhood. Only SHOULD HAVE lint; States; cotton the ton from

cotton thread; cotton cloth. My

mother fell dead at her loom. In

the poor England the The LOG of to have land. I had couldland—itnot ownwas

my life."NEVER before had VANGUARD TRAIL

Jonas bared his innermost thoughts A new guide book of bay leadership. Indispensable to Leaders

to his wife. In his grave taciturnof Vanguard Troops. Extremely helpful to quorum supervisors,

ity he had expected her to under- M. I. A. Officers and other Stake and Ward Leaders of boys and

stand. Education, comfort, luxyoung men.

ury were as nothing if they impeded the possession of soil. Hopes WHAT IT CONTAINS:

that crops would be successful, 52 outstanding boy stories.

that markets would be propitious, Creed Haymond's Story.

had ever spurred him on. Land to Paul Kimball's Story.

have for his own; land for all his Month by Month Program.

posterity had been his one obsessActivities for Twelve Months.

ing ambition. From his viewpoint VanguardChurch, DistrictActivityandProjects.Troop Organization Plan.

the means. the end justified outline. Correlation The Plan—complete Sitting the years by his bedside, Plan. The Advancement

of toil and privation seemed to Leadership Among Boys.

roll away; he was again the The Adolescent Boy.

eyes of Jonas, with younger Relationships. vision. Vanguard—Scout—Quorum weakly toward His hand moved Troop. The Vanguard Leader and his

Gloria's curls, less shiny now, Vanball Rules.

with a tinge of gray creeping in Archery Rules.

by the temples. Churchwide Contest Rules.

"Crown of Glory,"he whisVanguard Sports.

pered again, "you have never lost How to Train for Athletics.

your courage. I am glad you put Marking Historic Places.

the girls in school. But there will Lessons in Leathercraft.

be land for them all; you will not Indoor and Outdoor Games.

be poor. Send for Bruce. I must Indian Lore, Stories and Ceremonies.

have him see to it."Indian Council Fire.

Bruce stood docilely by the bedIndian Sign Language Game.

side of the weakening old man. Vanguard Reading Course.

the library desk—in Should be in the hands of every man supervising boys or

will that which I "In paper—themy men. young

change Bring want to made. it—I

to 50c per copy. Send your orders now. Y. M. M. I. A., 406 I didn't want know it. You

do it!"Church Office Building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Bruce returned shortly. "I m-"nii- -II—.H—il—]|- ll—ll II II- -II—I*—11locked the library father, to keep

190 The Improvement Era for January, 1932

which was no longer a sickroom. took that money, and literally

Bruce had found the key to the forced me to run away. I feel sure

YOU CAN DO A LOT TOlibrary. The legal envelope was the girls and I will sell you our

opened. It contained two papers share cheaply. All we want is WARDS MAKING 1932 A a will, one a verse of poetry. enough to finish our educations,"—one

By virtue of being the eldest added Peter.

son, Rodney read the terse, short "Just what share do you will. Dated five years previously mean?"It was the first time

shortly after Gloria's departure, it Bruce had spoken since they came was properly drawn, witnessed and into the parlor. "I never said he

is not writattested. Everything of which changed his will—it

Jonas died possessed, the two secten so here. It is her word against

tions of land, the house, the immine. Can she swear he told me. I

plements, the stock, the gravel can swear he did not. Her word

point, was left to Bruce Knight, against mine, and the will is writwho was made executor. As reten!"f?ar! quired by law the sum of one dollar was willed to each of the chilto strode over PiETER of her voluntary dren. By virtue

taller the was much Bruce. He automaticdeparture, Gloria had of the two and the unrestrained, ally forfeited her rights.

of flaming his anger youth flooded like death fell that of hush A face as he looked menacingly down fireless cold, the over room.

You let printed forms at the smaller man.

"You wouldn't keep rightful help take care of the Rodney laid down money from girls, would you?

thousand little time the will, picked up the sheet of Little benefactor's girls—your at voice, poetry. His composed children? are those twins Why, consuming details of first, ere he finished. became husky yet. kids only I don't need anybusiness. your can share; have Creed my My thing—you

is just out but of Nancy High lands can from me man my still School the are are twins and We free! I are they equipped to "NoFor am takemine—and

I small, field tell you!"a to delight 'Tis plow my render inexpensively

To plan and work for greater yield 'You've made a go of it for

I soil seed to and efficiently every turn my my sow five years,"replied Bruce, "I guess it I to bring, grow. water make

kind of printing and I pray for sun and kindly rain, you can keep on that way. None

binding service. ThoughI reap andwealthplow andmy lovefields comeagain.hand in ofhim,youif caredhe wasenoughyour father."to stay with

hand "Mother, have a claim!"you

land. leave not my promised

Peter. "I've a lot heard destiny flashed should fame ThoughI will prove my

My lands are all the world to me about that in court. A wife's

Lands are my soul—they are myself!"Gloria sat on the piano stool, The Deseret 'Tis not for riches, nor for pelf third."

for poorer—for better, for worse"News Press much,""I nevermutteredknewRodneyhe caredbrokenthat and shook her head. "For richer,

the refrain ran through her head. sold the wouldn't ly. "I have 29 Richards Street, fingers ran her She over the keys Lott, if to he ground I'd known

Salt Lake City, Utah cared so. But he never talked which years before she had so

much. Well, it's all yours, Bruce. yearned to master. Before her brain

I hope you love it as much as my swept a kaleidoscopic review of the

BE INDEPENDENT byfatherhim,did.butIt'sGloriatrue, youcoulddidusesticka trialswhere itofhadthoseseemedyears.luxuryPoverty,should No Other Vocation So Profitable little, just the same."prevail—farm machinery, when

ENROLL NOW last moment, "At the For a Complete Course at the presence of Bruce and myself, in the thefoot—thechildrencuttingwereof nearlywood, whenbarethe sat idle; the carrying of men fact expressed Jonas a desire—in ofQuish School Beauty Culture water her when was weak. the instructed to he change Bruce

in The Best the West care of plowing The fleshfields—-the will the divide share property and

304-9 Ezra BIdg. Thompson the Claire. of injured Yet it was alike his children share and beween SALT CITY, LAKE UTAH nothing. a wife, She, had run Gloria Bruce."spoke slowand For Further Information away. asked nothing. She She Bruce. gaze riveted ly, her upon Call and Catalog

Wasatch 7560 or "I don't want any. I don't deserved nothing.

Fill Couponin This deserve any,"volunteered Rodney. "I prefer to take only what

"I never helped to accumulate any Bruce wishes to give,"came her it. answer. "I shall demand nothing.

"It was the kindest thing ever / can away. Bruce, not one of his

happened to me, Bruce, when you own, stayed."

The Improvement Era for January, 1932 191

This went to little dollar Market

It shivered a bit when it started. It was a timid "Ha, ha,"laughed the Dressedup Dollar

dollar, scared of crowds. merrily, "go into the marketplace and see!"

When it got to the marketplace, it saw a "Do those signs really mean what they say?"

lot of signs. "Coats reduced.""Shoes at a asked the Timid Dollar.

bargain.""Hats at new low prices.""Yes, they do And the values are wonder-

"Do these signs really mean what they say?"ful!"Dollar asked itself. "Because, if they do—

Just then, another dollar came along looking With that, the Timid Dollar ran to the like a dollarand-a-half, all dressed up in new marketplace, and came back looking like a clothes and carrying a big basket of food. dollarand-a-half, too. By the time the envious

"Oh, I say,"cried the Timid Dollar, "how Stayat-home Dollars got to market, the signs can you afford all these new things?"were down and the prices had gone up.

is and how

it came home

is worth $1.50 The dollar you spend now

The dollar you save now is worth 75c

Maybe that sounds ridiculous—but it's true today. things you need most at bargain prices, but you help

Compared with your 1929 dollar, your 1932 dollar provide a job for somebody who would otherwise have will buy about $1.50 worth of such things as staple to depend upon charity.

foods, clothing, furniture, radios, household appliances and automobiles, at present prices. If you help put this other somebody to work, he

But, if you keep your dollar, thinking it's the sam2 can buy the things you or your husband makes or sells, dollar you had two years ago, you'll find that it's worth and that will help you to have more dollars.

just about 75 cents. Think about this when you are tempted to say, "No,

By spending your 193 2 dollar, you not only get the I can't afford that now."

THE NATIONAL PUBLISHERS'ASSOCIATION 'To use available income to purchase goods normally needed and in the replacement of which labor is employed, is a condition precedent to any hopeful program to constructively increase employment."

From the Recommendations of the Committee on Unemployment Plans and

Suggestions, of the President's Organization on Unemployment Relief.

192 The Improvement Era for January, 1932

"Soon as I get those papers on picked up the reins, "I saw a calf record, I'll send each one of you break into that lucern field. You

a dollar,"Bruce's tone carried a get him up, lest he bloats."

new, overbearing note of authorQueen Victoria, active up until In 1932 ity. Reckon I've earned all I get. a week of her death, quietly ended

/ stayed."a long, useful career. Aunt Cath-

"You stayed,"repeated Rodney. erine was inconsolable.

she reigned over us His eyes "Long stayed.""You surely

victorious."In death

the room, unchanged BENNETTS swept through all the years, yet slowly she paraphrased, giving her voice molding away. A round wet spot proper funereal dolefulness.

'Property on the ceiling became damper un- "Ah there was a queen! I know,

til a full drop of water fell to the because my mother was fifth lady

Insurance; floor. Rain beat against the panes; in waiting to her, before she com-

a deeper chill permeated the room. mitted the foolish offense of marriage. Victoria, this city cream

as that Glorich as seem not does the kitchen in farm!"the serve to on used to ria struggling PAINT PRODUCTS Claire was OlJTvaliantly

will again be in demand by properprepare a meal, but her wood was Somewhere in the East two ty owners who, for nearly fifty wet, and the stove, old and cracked, brothers named Wright were years, have used Bennett's for the refused to bake. Her dress seemed spending all they owned and all

adornment and protection of all a little grayer, her shoulders a litthey could borrow on a machine surfaces. tle more stooped, her eye a little which they called "lighter than

attempts, the several After posair."It did seem not sunken. more

Manufactured by flew. actually things youngshe that Gloria was sible to

twins. She looked The Boers were fighting the BENNETT GLASS & er than her own

PAINT COMPANY like"Takea littlemedwarf.with you, Auntie Englishland sentinoverSouththousandsAfrica. of Engsol-

6165 W. First So., Salt Lake City Glory,"she pleaded as the three diers, young men, eager, light

Dealers throughout Utah, Southern prepared to leave. "Take me away. hearted, certain of victory. But an

Idaho and Neighboring States I want to go with you!"enemy stronger than the Boers rose

Bruce put on his coat. It was against them. Invisible, insidious,

his army coat, left from the Spanfatal typhoid fever killed an apish War. He was driving them to palling percentage of that fine

the station. young manhood, making their first

his instruchome. voyage from "Claire,"he calledIndex to Advertisers continued) as he authority (To be with added tions

Company P9f Beneficial Life Ins. Co Back Cover

Bennett Glass Paint Co 192Clover Leaf -Harris Dairy 188 4iThe Surrender of Father Time

Deseret News Press 190 Continued from

First Security Corporation page 185

Inside Back Cover Ghirardelli, D. Co. 179 voice she said: "I have something threatened the very foundations of

Grant, Heber J 8 Co. 188 to tell all of you. My husband the hotel. It was a few moments

Co. BroadcastingIntermountain disfirst the the before minute could the resume just phoned, Sam

. 1 8 3 (KDYL) gifts. coming, He's tribution of through. lines were 180 Fuel CompanyKnight through. They road's as the soon 178 parthe last passed College he out As Business S. D.L. side other the are from working 182 cel, little Co. touched Louise Jensen GarmentLogan

McCune School of Music and Art—186 too, nearly have the cut through his hand and looking into his face

Mitchell Beauty Shoppe 181 the slide, but he wants me to tell with brown eyes, wide with excite181 safe. is all Laundry your that moneyMurray you—nicer like said: oo! "I Oo's ment Ass'n ImprovementsMutual all. it heard at steal didn't He He us evy dave oo Taus, Santa dan 185187-189 closing, the that was mine then fing didn't oo?"wanted, we 184 CompanyPorterWalton their all four wanted or three Relief 191 Unemployment President's her tossed her up, picked Sam it looked panicky, and got money, 190 Culture Beauty of School Quish his settled air the into her and on bank, a like be there'd on the run (KSL) of Utah Corp. Radio Service as said in the he most shoulder cashier Cover Front Inside Bleadsdale, the down and

Ramshaw Hatcheries 186 to Nilwood; so Ned just loaded matter of fact tone: 'You fellows

Royal Baking Company 182 the money in our car, locked the better report at the mine MonRoyal Baking Powder 179 bank and rushed down the canyon day."

184 Company Sego Milk to whistles blow There were no he didn't Course bank. to the big 181 Inc Jos.Taylor. Win, the ringing be but was someone to wires slide the or the expect 177 Coke GasUtah greeted churchbell. 1932 was he says knows now down. He 179 Beauty Cultureof School HighUtah

Wellington Auto Company 179 that he was crazy, but I think he with an applause that echoed, and

Wellington Auto Company 179 was wonderful to save the bank."reechoed down the canyon, and

A round of applause and cheers scattered over the whole world.

SaveforafunnyDay the First Securityd)ay

GETTING ANYWHERE

to get ahead financially while spending EXPECTING every cent you earn is as foolish as hoping to go places on a rocking horse. No matter how hard you work

you find you are getting nowhere.

Swing into a sensible, progressive financial stride with a Savings Account at one of the following reliable banks SECURITY NATIONAL BANK FIRST NATIONAL BANK

Salt Lake City Ogden THATCHER BROS. BANKING CO. ANDERSON BROS. BANK

Logan Idaho Falls, Idaho FIRST SECURITY BANKS AT:

Utah Provo, Bingham, Garfield, Magna, Richmond

Idaho Boise, Pocatello, Nampa, Mountain Home,

Gooding, Rupert, Jerome, Shoshone, Hailey,

Blackfoot, Ashton, Payette, Montpelier,

Preston, Emmett Wyoming Rock Springs, South Superior umiMfioi!

Largest Intermountain Banking Organization

Life's race depends so much on getting off to a good start and is destined to a great extent by the advantage of proper associates and good environment.

Insurance can be had at such low cost, no family should dare risk the uncertainty of the future without life insurance protection.

Beneficial policies are interest bearing, savings accounts when you outlive the contract period a Godsend to the family, should you die; for the savings over the entire contract period will be paid

to your family.

Any Beneficial representative will gladly explain the added advantages of

Mj low (Jum/ - ixilQcJtXTvo oi/aleV

Offered to the public exclusively by THE BIG HOME COMPANY

J* Is your BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO

DIRECTORS DIRECTORS SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH HOME OFFICE:IBEN,

J. VICE PRESIDENT J. PRESIDENT 2ND HEBER GRANT, CANNON, GEO.

E. T. RALPHS A. IVINS, SECRETARY 1st Vice W. B. president A. OHLSON, C

F. 'JOS. SMITH GRANT General Manager V *OtaJOtO*i O. MCKAY B.DAVIDF.