l Ite

rmrove August 196S Thank You, Miss UtahMeet lovely Miss Utah for 1958—radiant Janet Secor—with her pretty attendants, Miss Joan Mathews

and Miss Doralee Durham, shown shortly after the Coronation ceremonies in the Lafayette Ballroom at the Hotel Utah in Salt Lake City, June 10th, 1958.

Nearly two hundred Miss Utah contestants and fortytwo finalists participated in the recent KSL Radiosponsored "Miss Utah

Pageant"—and the Big K takes this opportunity of saying an

appreciative "Thank you!"to all of these beautiful and THE

lovely Utah girls. Sixteen Miss Utah Pageants were MISS UTAH -

regional to select state the throughout held at key points MISS AMERICA finalists; teams covered - Miss and Utah KSL Radio PAGEANT

them all, in person and on the air, for the benefit of the vast Another Community Service of

KSL Radio listening audience. Gorgeous Miss Secor,

of awards already with the having won a number title, iksi represent 1st to City, in the goes to Atlantic September Utah

Miss America Pageant... and everybody in Utah

is wishing her the very best! KSL

50,000 watts1160 KC Full CBS Clear Channel KSL RADIO—for Continuing Listening Pleasure—ALWAYS!

Enjoy the flavor of the exotic South Sea Islands

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

Corn

Corn, one of

:|the oldest words V

in Germanic languages, is often applied to cookiethe principal CREMEFUL new crop of a region.

In England corn refers to wheat, in Scotland and Ireland to oats, in Australia and the United States to maize, and in Germany to rye.

The Efficient Animal

How efficient are farm animals in changing vegetable matter into human food? The most efficient is the

pig, which converts about onefifth t your into human food. A dairy cow confavorite grocer'sfocer's

verts less than a sixth and a beef a fullpoundfull boun only 49c steer around a twentieth. The efficient pig, however, needs mostly

concentrated carbohydrates and proteins. Cattle, fortunately, though Nearly half of the entire cookie is creme—and what

they need more material, can use marvelous creme it is! Made from real coconut, beaten

the vegetation of semiarid grassand whipped until it flows smooth, thick and creamy of microlands, the help with their in and then placed lavishly between two tender golden wafers. stomachs, organisms

... new, may be able to use properly treated They're the talk of the table wherever served

sawdust. different and most delicious. Keep some on hand.

PURITY BISCUIT CO. Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatelto

AUGUST 1958 561 The Improvement Era, The Voice of the Church, Volume 61, Number 8, August 1958.

Official organ of the priesthood quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, ward teachers, Music Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Church Features

The Editor's Page: Strong Drink and the Word of Wisdom

President David O. McKay 574

Your Question: Was Work Done for the Dead before the

Ministry of Christ? President Joseph Fielding Smith 576

Perpetuating the Purpose of the Home (Family Hour Discussion

Topic) Alma Sonne 594 The Church Moves On 566 Priesthood Melchizedek 590 Bishopric's Presiding Page '596

Special Features

Man's Three Dimensional Future Carl J. Christensen 578

Leadership Development: Who Is my Enemy? Sterling W. Sill 582

Who Shares Herself Marba C. josephson 585

A Truly Good Teacher Albert L. Payne 592

The "Me"Stage-(Continued), (So That's What Boys Are Made Of)

W. Cleon Skousen 598

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L. Evans 604, 606, 611

A Light to All the World Albert L. Zobell, Jr. 620

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 561; These Times: The Fortyninth

State, G. Homer Durham, 564; Letters and Reports, 568; Bookrack, 573.

Today's Family:

Beauty and Charm with Cut Flowers Lucille Goodyear 614

Sunday Wouldn't Be Sunday without the Calls Eileen Gibbons 617

Art and photo credits and footnotes 619

The Last Word 624

Stories, Poetry Cover—Artist Anton

the caught Dorph has Adventure Goddard in Mexico John in the recorded 586 incident

Inside Back Cover 581, 584, 604, 606, 610, 611, 618, Poems of chapter twentysecond

Matthew: "Render unto

David O. McKay and Richard L. Evans, Editors; Doyle L. Green, Managing Editor; Caesar."This detail of

Marba C. Josephson, Associate Managing Editor; Elizabeth J. Moffitt, Production Editor; the painting in fullcolor

Albert L. Zobell, Jr., Research Editor; Gordon T. Allred, Editorial Associate; Ralph is by Camera Clix.

Reynolds and Ed Maryon, Art Directors.

Archibald F. Bennett, G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Milton R. Hunter,

Hugh Nibley, Claude B. Petersen, Sidney B. Sperry, Contributing Editors.

Joseph T. Bentley, General Manager; Bertha S. Reeder, Associate General Manager;

Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription Director; Thayer Evans,

Regional Advertising Representative.

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 16, Utah

Copyright 1958 by Mutual Funds, Inc., and published by the Mutual Improvement Associations of the Church of Jesus Christ

of Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subscription price, S2.50 a year, in advance; foreign subscriptions, $3.00 a year, in

advance; 25c single copy.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage

provided for in section 1103. Act of October 1917, authorized July 2, 191S.

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on

acceptance at the rate of l'.ic a word and must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

Thirty days'notice required for change of address. When ordering a change, please include address slip from a recent issue

of the magazine. Address changes cannot be made unless the old address as well as the new one is included.

562 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FOR

1. Say the Good Word

Oscar A. Kirkham

Favorite readings, poems, and sermons by the beloved Oscar A.

Kirkham, including "How to Build A Fire/'"He Could Sleep When the Wind Blew,""Kirkham's Totem,"and others. An outstanding

handbook for leaders of youth. $3.50

5. Joseph Smith and

World Government Dr. Hyrum L, Andrus

This remarkable study establishes the fact that Joseph Smith laid the foundation of the Kingdom of

God in a political as well as a religious sphere, and presents his concept of world government.

$1.75 Tabernacle 2. A 4. The Genealogical Reader Noel C. Stevenson in the Desert

Stewart L. Grow Collected together in one volume you will find outstanding articles

A factual history on the building of importance, written by authorities, on genealogical research.

of the Salt Lake Tabernacle that Many pointsof-view are represented, and many aids are offered reads like fiction, written by Dr. for better, more efficient methods of research in genealogy. $2.50

Grow, chairman of the Department of Political Science at Brigham

Young University.

$1.25

3. Jerry Lindsey

Explorer to the San Juan Willard Luce Illustrated by DESERET BOOK COMPANY

Farrell Collett 44 East South Temple

Salt Lake City, Utah Exciting reading for Gentlemen:

young folks on the early Enclosed you will find check money order exploration and settlehave an account. Please charge. Amount enclosed $...

ment of colorful San for encircled (numbered) books:

Juan county, with breath- 1 taking accounts of enName counters with Indians and lifeand-death struggles Address with the elements. City Zone State

$1.95 Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

AUGUST 1958 563

Samsonite brings the upholstered These Times look to the world's strongest steel chair The Fortyninth State

by Dr. G. Homer Durham

VicePresident, University of Utah

The flag of the United States of serve to impress those who opposed

America now contains fortynine the admission of Hawaii on racial stars. July 1958 marked the entry grounds. The admission of Hawaii,

into the American Federal Union of with its variety of peoples, would the new state of Alaska. A new add tremendously to the prestige of

source of life thus enters the Amerithe United States in Asia and Africa.

can Republic. Not since 1912, when 4. We may expect increased comNew Arizona and New Mexico were admunications to be opened between

mitted, has such an event taken the State of Alaska and the rest of itidestructible place. There has always been trethe United States. Canada must be

mendous stimulus and impulse appreciated, and understood and given American institutions by the respected in this development.

provision of the Constitution that Canada is a most important neighstates, in Article IV, Section 3, bor. Americans, wishing this sum-

"New states may be admitted by the mer to drive to Alaska, must not look."at Canada as a piece of "unpaved Steel Folding Chair I Congress into this union...

Alaska was acquired by purchase highway,"separating Fairbanks, and from Russia in 1867. The purchase, Havre, Montana. Rather, it is a

Special Samsonite process arranged by Secretary of State Wilgreat, powerful, and properly sigliam A. Seward, was made pursuant nificant, a proud and loyal neighbor.

bonds nonscuff vinyl to steel to treaty. The amount of $7,200,000 The present Alaskan highway is unseat, for new elegance was involved. Now, with approxipaved through Canada. But we can

in any room! matelythe Union210,000as people,state numberAlaska entersfortyexpectnear future!that it Thiswill inbeitselfpavedwillin helpthe

Now—Samsonite brings you a completely nine. promote and test AmericanCa-

different folding chair! Watch your surWhat are some of the consenadian relationships.

roundings take on new beauty with quences? 5. American presidential elecSamsonite upholsteredlook chairs. Guar- 1. The vitality of the American tions will take on new flavor. Alaska

anteed by GOOD HOUSEKEEPING. In Federal Republic will be demonwill have at least three electoral

washable tan or grey monk's cloth patterns. strated throughout the world. The votes. Nominees or their represenTests prove: lessons of admitting a new state, of tatives will have an added area in

growth, will not be lost to other which to campaign.

PlastiSamsonite! peoples, in Europe, Asia, and Africa. 6. There will be two new UnitedShield is slashproof

Slash it! Knife blades 2. The effects on the Soviet Union States senators from Alaska. The

are ineffectual against will be salutary. Little Diomede size of the Senate will increase from

PlastiShield's surface. Island is only two miles from 96 to 98. New voices, reporting new

Won't nick, cut or tear. Soviet territory. The Soviets are problems and wider horizons for

aware of the tremendous military America and the world, will be establishments constructed in Alaska heard.

Samsonite Plastiin the past fifteen years. Now that 7. In 1910 Congress decided to

Shield is wearresist- Alaska is a state and an integral hold the size of the House of Repant! For all its luxurypart of the USA as such, the Rusresentatives to 435. Alaska, with

fine texture, Plastisians, who respect strength, cannot one new Congressman, will temcolorful Shield's surface help porarily, impressed. being at least, increase the House is durable, stands up

obstacles to 436. of Representatives that have blocked After 3. The of under years wear.

the admission of Hawaii may be the 1960 census, Congress will be lessened. Alaska, from the standfaced with the problem of reapporpoint of air and missile strategy, has tionment.

Samsonite Plastigreater significance in modern de- 8. Alaska will undergo new and

!Shield is stainproof the result velopments than as a Istremendous development Hawaiian

cry over spilledWhy lands of of statehood. sea in the days Texans Texas and power alone.ink, nail fruit polish,

stains? PlastiShield's The presence in Alaska of Aleuts, may become somewhat selfcon-

protective surface Eskimos, and Indians comprising scious. They are no longer the

sponges clean. onesixth of the population, will "biggest"( Continued on page 619

FOR FREE BOOKLET write today to: Shwayder Bros.

Inc., Institutional Seating, Dept. IE-8, Detroit 29, Mich.

Also Makers of Samsonite Classroom Furniture 1958 564 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA...,,.;.:..,. y...,

A Mask &ur$e MORMON m \m%\ XXITKINE "}mmlogy

McCONKIE I

CORD KEEF1N6 nil RESEARCH

S808CS&FT

1. MORMON DOCTRINE... 3. A Basic Course in Genealogy

A Compendium of the Gospel by Gardner, Harland & Smith by Bruce R. McConkie Here is the first complete course of instruction for stake and teachers. workers and ward

gospel of the whole a compendium Here is this 200 illustrations, with pages 400 Almost of doctrinal subjects are thousands in which analyzed and explained clearly and concisely. book answers such questions as: What are my

responsibilities in genealogical and research encyclopedia covering the This near800-page

I?? lines follow should ancestral work What

is field religion, digest of revealed of a whole? I research should work begin where How and

topics the gospel 1100 Alpha from to Omega.

? I etc. chart, do compile a pedigree How

$5.00 fingertips. at your S $3.95

2. The Word of Wisdom and You! 4. PATHWAYS TO HAPPINESS

by Dr. L. Weston Oaks by David O. McKay

There is no longer any need for uncerCompiled by Llewelyn R. McKay

tainty on the part of Latterday Saints as to Here is wisdom and beauty to inspire the whether research and medical experience supsoul... and to bring true happiness! Written

port the Word of Wisdom. In this vital volume, with skill and imagination, this enriching volDr. Oaks presents the facts! The reading of ume clearly reflects the profound thoughts,

this important work will bring about a better noble emotions and keen insight of President understanding of how to live the divine law of McKay. Each chapter is full of practical, downhealth. An M.I.A. special interest class text. toearth helps. A book you'll love and cherish.

$3.00 $3.95

r i BOOKCRAFT1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah 8-58 i Please send the following circled books for i which I enclose $ i ( ) money order.

3 4 BOOKCRAFTPUBLISHERS TO THE L.D.S. TRADE

1186 SOUTH MAIN HU 7-7488 State..

AUGUST 1958 565 "For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever helieveth in Him should not perish, but have everlasting life."John 3/6"

This and other beloved portions of Holy Writ appear in The Church the sixth edition of the 0tm pea Bibie Magnificent condensed version of the King James Old and New Testaments Moves On

NOT ONE WORD ALTERED

434"x6%". FITS IN COAT POCKET,

HANDBAG. PERFECT TRAVELERS GIFT

BEAUTIFUL, DURABLE, BLACK LEATHERMarch 1958 ETTE COVER, GOLD LETTERING

LARGE, EASILY READ PRINT Elder Keith M. Taylor sustained as president of Houston NAME OF BOOK TOP OF EACH PAGE.

EVERY VERSE, CHAPTER NUMBERED (Texas) Stake, succeeding President Melvin M. Gillie. President Taylor was serving as President Gillie's second counEDITION HANDSOME Only $150 selor. Elder Wayne L.'Stevens was retained as first counselor; BIBLE PAPER

Elder Everend Leland Jacobson was sustained as second counselor.

AT LEADING BOOK STORES, AND Crown Publishers, Jnc. April 1958

419 FOURTH AVENUE, NEW YORK, N. Y.

Elder Joseph T. Bentley was sustained as general superintendent of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association, succeeding General Superintendent Elbert R. Curtis.

General Superintendent Bentley's assistants were not announced.

General Superintendent Curtis and his* coworkers will carry the work until after June conference.

The semiannual conference of the Deseret Sunday School

Union was conducted in the Salt Lake Tabernacle.

. T Elder Hugh B. Brown, recently sustained as a member of the

* Council of the Twelve, was ordained an Apostle by Presi-?/'dent David O. McKay at the regular weekly temple meeting.

President McKay also set apart Elders Gordon B. Hinckley and

Henry D. Taylor as Assistants to the Council of the Twelve, and

Elder Albert Theodore Turtle as a member of the First Council of the Seventy.

The Intermountain West's President David O. McKay and his party departed from Salt

Largest and Finest Lake City for southern California, where they will board a plane for New Zealand and the dedications of the temple

Bridal Salon and college.

Mrs. Ruth May Fox, former president of the Young Women's

Mutual Improvement Association, and Utah's oldest resident, died at the age of 104.

Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson of the Presiding Bishopric spoke

on the topic "Be Ye Men of Faith"on the "Faith in Action"radio series of the National Broadcasting Company.

Utah State University Stake was formed with membership of students living away from home and married students and their families attending the Logan institution. Elder Reed Bullen

VISIT OUR was sustained as president of the stake and Elders Wendell O.

NEW LOCATION Rich and Reynold K. Watkins were sustained as counselors. The

38 South Main Street Salt Lake City \ Utah

566 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

stake, the 259th now functioning in the Church, the second for college students (the first one being at Brigham Young University), was organized under the direction of Elder Henry D. Moyle of the

of the Council to the Sonne, Assistant Elder Twelve and Alma THE BIRD... stake the Twelve. Council of operation began with five wards. The

Elder J. Earl Garrett, former second counselor of the Glendale (California) Stake, sustained as first counselor, succeeding

Elder Harry V. Brooks, who was recently called to preside in the

Hawaii Mission. Elder Alton C. Wickman sustained as the new

second counselor.

Elder Roy E. Gibson sustained as second counselor in the

presidency of the Juab (Utah) Stake, succeeding Elder G. Ray RAIN BIRD,

Burtenshaw. of course!

President David O. McKay and his party arrived in Auckland, There are handsome dividends

New Zealand, en route to the temple dedication. to be earned in providing your

own weather for crops and pas-... there's no better way President David O. McKay dedicated the New Zealand ture

Temple at Hamilton, New Zealand. to do this than with Rain Bird

Bountiful North Stake created from portions of Bountiful Sprinklers. Get water where

(Utah) Stake with Elder Henry E. Peterson sustained as president you want it, when you want it!

and Elders Myron O. Bangerter and Frank D. Eggett sustained as Single installations have more

counselors. Wards included in the Bountiful North Stake are than doubled—even tripled—

Bountiful Fifth, Tenth, Twelfth, Thirteenth; West Bountiful and yields and insured stability of

West Bountiful Second. This is the 260th stake now functioning crop income. See your dealer.

in the Church. The division was effected under the direction of

Elders Spencer W. Kimball and Mark E. Petersen of the Council Write for free information.

of the Twelve.

San Diego East Stake created from portions of San Diego NATIONAL RAIN BIRD (California) Stake with Elder Cecil Ivan Burningham sustained SALES & ENGINEERING CORP.

as stake president and Elders David Sherman Price and John C. Azusa, California

Wallace as counselors. Wards included in the new stake are

Chula Vista, El Cajon, La Mesa, National City, San Diego Second, and San Diego Ninth. Branches are Spanish American and Tiajuana. This is the 261st stake now functioning in the Church. The ENJOY A LIFETIME OF

division was effected by Elder LeGrand Richards of the Council of the Twelve and Patriarch Eldred G. Smith. HEALTH... (T

Bountiful of created Bountiful South Stake from portions '- and INVEST IN A susstakes, South Davis (Utah) with Elder Holbrook Ward C.

tained as stake president and Elders M. Newell Tingey and DelLEE HOUSEHOLD

mont Hayes sustained as counselors. Wards of this stake are FLOUR MILL

Bountiful Second, Fourth, Seventh, Eighth, Fourteenth, and ELECTRIC

Fifteenth. The division was effected by Elders Spencer W. Kimball PORTABLE

AUTOMATIC Petersen E. Council of the of the Twelve. This is the and Mark ECONOMICAL

stake in functioning 262nd the Church. now Stone grind your

Elder Stanford G. Smith sustained as president of Bountiful flourbefore a fewbaking.hours

Stake with Elders S. Lawrence Moss and Russell H. Sheffield as Toste the differcounselors. They succeed President Thomas Amby Briggs and his ence!Choice of 4 mills,

counselors, Elders Horace P. Beesley and Roy Miller. writeSave foron prices!introduc-

... Elder Kenneth T. Calder, second counselor in the San Diego torysend flourcouponofferwith

Stake presidency, sustained as first counselor to President Barry check or money or-

P. Knudson, succeeding Elder Daniel Kristjanson. Elder Chester derFlourfor is5 lb.stonepkg.

J. Cannon sustained as second counselor. shipped.ground the day

Elder C. Wallace Rollins sustained as president of South LEE ENGINEERING

Davis Stake with Elders Alma D. Eakle and Lloyd R. Hicken as his MilwaukeeCOMPANY1, Wis.

counselors. They succeed President Ward C. Holbrook and his

counselors, Elders Arthur T. Morley and M. Newell Tingey.

BAKE AN Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson of the Presiding Bishopric dedi- j HONEST

cated the chapel of the Vallejo WardVallejo Second Ward, Santa LOAF!

Rosa (California) Stake.

LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY, Dept. IE-8-58

1, Wis. Ave., Wisconsin 2023 Milwaukee W. services Final dedicatory at the Zealand Temple were New

.:.. 5-lb. $1.50 pkg. only Flour Pp. Smith Deaf conducted O. David by President McKay.

.... 5-Ib. pkg. $1.00 Flour only Pp. Wis. Minn.

( Continued on page 572 Name

Street

City State

-s AUGUST 1958 567 everlasting Church, will take a lesson from

President McKay's heavendirected words and live an example such as his the rest of our days.

Sincerely, Jack R. Kindall, USN

Rockport, Wash.

Dear Sir: Since I received my first issue of the

Era in 1953 I have always looked forward to its coming and I would hate to miss an issue now.

As a convert, I have found the Era most valuable in helping build and maintain my testimony. I have particularlyLetters valued articles by Hugh Nibley and Milton

R. Hunter and Joseph Fielding Smith's

"Answers to Gospel Questions."The new

series of articles pertaining to the ward teaching lessons I also find most helpful.and Sincerely,

Donald L. MacDonald

Grand Turk Island, FloridaReports Dear Editors:

Except for occasional visits to the mainland, where I can meet with the few friendly arid warmhearted Saints living in the Melbourne, Florida area, my only connection with the Church is the standard works and The Improvement Era, with its messages of inspiration and guidance. A

few times I have received the evening

EXPLORER POST 46 HONORED Tabernaclevery weak, choiris as joyousbroadcastto hearwhich,as thoughangels'voices.

Sincerely yours, Robert H. Christensen

RCA Pan Am. Airwavs

Patrick AFB, Florida

Hiroshima City, Japan Dear Editors:

I was very pleased to receive your card informing the Era to be sent as gift. I

wish to express my deepest and most sincere thanks for the wonderful magazine.

I have never seen such a beautiful and instructive magazine. It is true that I

Twentytwo Silver Explorer Awards at Priesthood individual awards. cannot understand the articles as well as

one Court of Honor have been given to In the picture are front row: Ray Anderyou American people, and for the first

Explorer Post 46—young men residing in son, committeeman; Norman Anderson, time I had to consult dictionary so often

Harrisville Ward, Farr West ( Utah ) Stake. Joe Stromberg, Lynn Wheeler, Ronald that I was tired, but I have become able

This could well be a national record for a Larsen, Boyd Crowther, Neil Christensen, to read rather easily.

post with a membership of thirty. It comTheran Crowther, Tom Magee, Bill God- I translated President David O. McKay's

prises row: Satterthwaite; back every Lynn young man in the wardfrey, Richmyeditorialfamily.andI (appreciated)read for myThefriendsDead andSeaincluding ard Barth, H. Parker, Bean committeeman; nonmembers.

Almost fifty percent of this post are also post adviser; Kent Slater, Lynn Edwards, Scrolls and their significance for LDS and

Eagle Scouts and more will receive their Lyle Haven, Dee Harmston, Wayne MIA reading course Jesus the Christ. I

in enjoyed Christmas the Holy and Lands Seager, RichardEagle awards. Mark Allred, the twentytwo Of who Wheeler,

to is a good the Era help a way me get Satterreceived their Silver Brent Explorer and Richard Thompson, awards, about seventyfive percent have their Aaronic thwaite. wider scope of the work done by the

Church. I am very sorry that I cannot

express my feeling and gratitude freely in my poor English. Please forgive me many

mistakes and impoliteness I may make in

Memphis Naval Air Station The article which interested me in parwriting letter.

Memphis, Tennessee ticular was the one in the February issue,

Dear Editors: "The Prodigal Son."I, along with thouSincerely yours,

sands of other young people away from Nobuko Suzuoka

The first thing I want to mention here home, know how easy it is to become just is to thank President David O. McKay for such a person as mentioned in this parable. P.S. I read "Woman of Courage"by

his fine Era articles and to let him know When we are away from home and conMarba C. Josephson in Improvement Era,

that we, the young people of the Church, stant parental guidance, we begin to March 1957. I was so deeply impressed

are indeed grateful for the guidance and realize that we must choose for ourselves about her. It has been my long cherished

inspiration we receive from his fine examthe life we are to live. The path we hope to read the book by Deta Petersen

ples of Christian living. These articles choose may very well be our downfall or Neeley. I saw the advertisement in the

contain a great many fine building blocks it may become one that leads us to celestial Era November 1957, and asked the misthat are essential to a true and lasting reward. Therefore, I sincerely hope and sionary to get the book for me.

testimony of God. pray that we, the people of this great and (Continued on page 570)

568 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Postum is the natural wholegrain drink

When you're looking for a hearty, healthful drink, try Postum.

Postum is made from wholegrain cereals, slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor.

Postum is 100% coffeefree, contains no caffein or other artificial stimulants. And don't forget, Postum tastes so good

—and it's so good for you!

100% coffeefree Another fine product of General Foods

AUGUST 1958 569 Letters and Reportslearn more... earn more

LDS Business College equips young people to meet life (Continued) successfully... educationally, socially, religiously. Lausanne, (Vaud) Suisse

Dear Brethren, Four big advantages for you at LDS: May I stress my appreciation for The

Improvement Era. Indeed, it is heartily

accepted and warmly welcomed each

BUSINESS monthand thoughtsas it bringsfrom theour inspiredChurch messagesAuthoriTRAINING ties.

It gives the missionary current contact

Training with the 1 latest with the Church, a solid thus becoming office machines, proceaccounting guide spiritually both temporally. and

dures and business techniques is Every missionary should have his own available from the finest, most qualipersonal copy. It is not a magazine to

fied teachers. Special honors and be skimmed through and discarded, but

read cherished. and

awards are made to students who grateful I am for the effort of my bishop show marked distinction in their in seeing that I received a year's subscripwork. tion.

Sincerely, Elder Lowell Kendrick SOCIAL Osage, Wyoming ACTIVITY Dear Brethren:

first I recently received copies of my integrated pro- A fully since The Improvement Era 1955. I was

social, cultural,gram2 includes and impressed with of issues. the the beauty

athletic activities for building self The changes you've made certainly are assurance and leadership and develbecoming, but most of all I was impressed oping'latent talents. An excellent with the spirit of the magazine. It's beaudormitory is maintained at moderate tiful. I'm sorry I've lost two years of

rates for girls. Other living accomImprovement Era from my life.

modations are also available at May the Lord continue to bless you.

reasonable rates. Thank you,

Sincerely, Mrs. Mickey Clark

RELIGIOUS

TRAINING New Brunswick, New Jersey

Institute of religion classes Dear Editors: 3 with absence other and What much matthe scriptures come to life and make

I just have to today taken time read give students a practical outlook first article Era's on tersThe Improvement by the religion of the Latterday Saints. Chief Skousen. His approach is most

These institute classes help to give sensible and he writes well. This should

students the wellrounded education provide the Era with an outstanding series so important to proper adult deandhope shouldwhen makethe seriesa popularis completedbook. I toshallbe

velopment. able to read them all.

Thanks for your thoughtfulness in letting me see this. Hope we shall again be

crossing paths soon.

EMPLOYMENT Sincerely, SERVICE Wheeler McMillen Chairman, Relationships service placement The Committee4actively covers the intermountain inNational Council B.S.A.

dustrial area, finding the most suitable positions for graduates. Also,

students wishing parttime work will Minneapolis, Minn.

be assisted in every way possible. Dear Editors:

Employment assistance is available I find the Era invaluable as reference throughout the student's business material throughout the year in teaching career. Sunday School. In addition it is about

the only way we have to keep in touch with the Church throughout the world on a regular basis. In my estimation the value FALL QUARTER BEGINS SEPTEMBER 8 of the Era grows with each copy that is

Write or Call for Full Information addedderful work.to my library.May the KeepLord upblesstheyouwonall

in your work.

Sincerely, J. Earl Faulkner

Dept. of Math. It.

University of Minn. Business CoCCcge LDS

70 NORTH MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY PHONE EM 3-2765

570 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA We must look at the space age through eyes like these

One day they'll come to focus on a career—in science...

law... philosophy... medicine... engineering... the arts.

To prepare our youth in these challenging times, help is needed as never before say educators. Many companies are responding

with financial and other aid.

Standard long ago recognized its obligation as a good citizen to help support our education system and for 20 years has encouraged and assisted young minds to explore the wide field of learning.

We have helped hundreds of students attend college, 241 this year alone. Included in our program are scholarships, graduate

fellowships in engineering, science and business plus financial aid to university departments concerned... broad projects in basic

research... outright money gifts to schools.

Besides these, a program of "learn by doing"kits, film strips, motion pictures, booklets have been used and acclaimed by teachers. To millions of children, the Standard School Broadcast

has long meant an opportunity to hear and enjoy good music. All

of these projects are continuing.

Worthwhile? We think so, because one of the most productive

investments is in human beings—those who in time to come will

take over responsibilities in industry and in our nation.

Progress in education means...

Preparing for 2,500,000 additional students in U. S. colleges and universities by 1968.

6,500,000 3,000,000

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

plans ahead to serve you better

AUGUST 1958 571

"If I wore white shoes, I'd beg for The Church Moves On

HOLLYWOOD SANIWHITE"( Continued

President David O. McKay dedicated the new Church college

You don't have to beg for of New Zealand.

HOLLYWOOD President David O. McKay dedicated the chapel of the Tamaki Branch, New Zealand Mission.

Mission with Elder Marion Turley sustained as president and Elders saniwhite Yuma Stake organized from portions of the California

L. as Sessions sustained D. Westover Robert Donald counand POLISH SHOE

the stake has Wellton Second, The Yuma, wards Yuma But... you'll demand Hollywood SaniWhite once you selors.

know how good it is. Keeps white shoes looking smart and Parker Branch in Arizona, and Blythe, Brawley, El Centro

fresh at all times. and Does not streak. Safest for wards, and Calexico Branch in California. Dependent Branches

it's nontoxic. baby, because

from the Indian Mission will be attached to the Yuma and Yuma

Second wards. This stake, the 263rd in the Church, was organized

under the direction of Elder Mark E. Petersen of the Council of

the Twelve, Elder Eldred G. Smith, Patriarch to the Church, and

Elder Henry D. Taylor, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve.

May 1958

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

James Dennis as director of the New Zealand Temple bureau of information. At the time of this appointment

he was serving a labor mission in New Zealand. His home is in

southern California.

The appointment of Anne Bennion to membership on the

Young Women's Mutual Improvement Association general board was announced.

'FOR THE WHITEST OF WHITE, President David O. McKay dedicated the chapel of the Suva

GET SANIWHITE"Branch, Fiji Islands.

Also makers of the famous It was announced that General Superintendent Joseph T.

SANIBROWN, SANIBLACK, Bentley of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement AssociaSANI-RED tion had selected his assistant superintendents with the

AND ALL HOLLYWOOD SKUF currentlyapproval ofservingthe Firstas presidentPresidency.of theTheyCentralare ElderStatesAlvinMission,R. Dyer,and

COLORS Elder G. Carlos Smith, Jr., president of the Holladay Stake.

If your dealer is out, call or write: The blacktopping of the parking lot and the resurfacing

BEEHIVE SALES toof besomemadeof theat theclay Georgeinfields Q.areMorrissome ofsoftballthe improvementspark, it was

COMPANY announced. The unique fourdiamond park is the home of the

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Church softball teams in the Salt Lake area, and the site of the

Phone HU 5-1476 allChurch softball tournaments in August.

P. O. Box 1233

i m n Appropriate Mother's Day programs were held throughout m imT—

the Church.

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS Elder Richard L. Evans of the Council of the Twelve

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple dedicated the chapel of the Central ParkNorth Central Park

Salt Stake. South Lake throatsore other minor mouth wards, and sustained in counselor as second Stanley G. Elder Brewer

irritations. throatand presidency, (Utah) Stake succeeding the Elder Ogden Mount

HALLS REMEDY William S. Moyes.

Salt Lake City, Utah The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

Parley A. Arave as president of the Western Canadian Mission, succeeding President Moroni M. Larson. President

1949, and has been a member of that stake presidency since 1942. TYPEWRITERS Arave has been president of the Blackfoot (Idaho) Stake since

FOR GENEALOGY WORK Sister Arave will accompany him to his field of labor. They have

Buy or rent—save 60% on factory rebuilds one married daughter.

SCHREYER TYPEWRITERS Write for Free Literature 757 So. State Salt Lake City, Utah

572 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

Bookrack

... ADD TO YOUR FAITH

VIRTUE Mark E. Petersen. Deseret Book

Company, Salt Lake City. 1958. 19

pages. 35c.

In a straightforward and convincing manner Elder Mark E. Petersen

of the Council of the Twelve hits at the root of all spirituality: virtue.

As he states succinctly in the first SOMETHING'S STIRRING! Have you heard talk lately about Rancho Vegetable Soup?

part of his appeal, What tickles us is that folks say they love it. We hear comments like "real fresh

vegetable flavor.. nicer color... more body... better seasoned."Why not an opinion

"Without virtue there is no purity. pollfrom yourfamily on Rancho Vegetable Soup? Tonight, perhaps? Tomorrow, sure!

Without purity there is no strength.

Without strength there is no character.

Without character there is no spirituality.

Without spirituality, there is no salvation in the Kingdom of God."Getting itiem is half the -fiin /

All teachers and parents should be grateful to have this plea made available for them to give to their young people.—M. C. /.

THE CANDLE OF THE LORD

Adam S. Bennion. Deseret Book

Company, Salt Lake City. 1958.

339 pages. $3.75.

Those who were privileged to know Adam S. Rennion will find in

this book many happy hours of reading and rereading. Others will

find incentive and joy in their introduction to a great personality—one

who as teacher, educator, Churchman won the love and admiration of all whom he addressed or wrote or taught. It was a rare inspiration

to listen to his admonitions and follow his instructions. This book,

taking its title from a baccalaureate See your Cvnardauthorized Travel Agent and..address he gave to the 1950 graduQO CUNARD

ating (Continued on page 612) QUEEN ELIZABETH QUEEN MARY MAURETANIA CARONIA BRITANNIC

MEDIA PARTHIA CARINTHIA IVERNIA SAXONIA SYLVANIA

AUGUST 1958 Strong drink by President

On the twentyseventh of February, 1833, the Prophet Joseph Smith received the revelation recorded in the eightyninth section of the Doctrine and Covenants, which includes the following:

"Behold, verily, thus saith the Lord unto you: In consequence of evils and

designs which do and will exist in the hearts of conspiring men in the last days, I have warned you, and forewarn you, by giving unto you this word of wisdom by revelation—

"That inasmuch as any man drinketh wine or strong drink among you, behold it is not good, neither meet in the sight of your Father,..."(D & C 89:4-6.)

This is the word of God to the people of this generation! It stands in force

and effect with these words of our Savior, "If any man will do his will, he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether I speak of myself."(John 7:17.)

Members of the Church know this statement of the Savior's is true; we

testify that if any man will do the will of God he will receive the testimony in his heart that the gospel of Jesus Christ is true. We accept the words of the

Savior, "... except ye repent, ye shall

all likewise perish."(Luke 13:3.) Those

eternal truths, so tersely expressed, we accept as true. We may not live up to

them wholly, but as a people we accept them, because they are the words of

God.

Just so strong, just so eternal stands this truth: Strong drink is not good for

man. Yet many years have passed, and

during that time this doctrine has been preached every week, if not every day, in some congregation of Israel;

and still we find in our midst those

Editor's Page

and the Word of Wisdom David O. McKay

who say by their acts it is good for man. make the address of welcome. This he did, and at

I am glad when I study this passage, to find that the conclusion of the address he explained:

the Lord did not say, "Strong drink to excess is not "Your Excellency, before proposing the toast I good"; nor "Drunkenness is not good."Suppose he wish to explain why I am drinking lemonade instead

had weakened that expression by modifying it and of the customary wine. I am a member of the Church

saying, "Strong drink in excess or when taken in large of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. Every Sunday

quantities is not good"? How soon we should have morning I teach a class of young people. It is one

justified ourselves that a little drink is good! But of our tenets not to drink wine or strong drink, tea,

like other eternal truths, it stands unqualified; strong nor coffee, nor use tobacco. I cannot consistently

drink is not good. tell them not to use intoxicating liquor and then in-

I have met men who have said: "I do not want dulge myself; therefore, you will understand why

to be deprived of the privilege of taking a little on this occasion I am drinking lemonade. And now

liquor if I want it. When I think it is going to do I propose a toast to the health and happiness of his

me good, I want to take it."Others, I rather think, Excellency, governor of Tahiti."

would say that the Church is a little too strict in There was a tense silence among the ship's crew regard to the Word of Wisdom. "A little beer,"they as the governor arose to make his response. He was

say, "does not harm anyone."It is sufficient for me a true gentleman and appreciated the loyalty and

to know that God has said: "Strong drink... is not manhood of the man who had given the welcoming

good"for man. I wish that all members of the address. And the governor said:

Church would accept that divine statement and prove "Captain Vaio, I thank you and your associates in their lives to the whole world that they accept for this welcome, and I am glad to learn that you this as a revelation from God. maintain the ideals of your church in regard to temperWhen President Hugh J. Cannon and I visited the ance. I wish we had more men with such sterling

beautiful Island of Tahiti in 1921 we learned of an character to take charge of the government's ships."

incident associated with Captain Vaio, a member of As we sailed that evening in 1921 toward Rarotonga, the Church, who was then captain of one of the I wondered in admiration how many of the members government schooners. of the Church were as loyal to the ideals and teachThe newly appointed governor of the Island was ings of the gospel as was Captain Vaio. Then the

to make a tour of inspection of the ship. Captain words of the Savior came to my mind: "Not every

Vaio and his associates decorated their vessel, placed one that saith unto me Lord, Lord, shall enter the fruits and delicacies on the table, and made ready kingdom of heaven; but he that doeth the will of my

for a suitable and appropriate reception for the govFather which is in heaven."(Matt. 7:21.)

ernor. A glass of wine was placed at each plate with As in the days of the Savior, in the days of the

which, at the proper time, all would respond to the Prophet Joseph Smith, in the days of Captain Vaio, toast and drink to the health of the governor. There or now, a member of the Church should do this

was one exception, however—at Captain Vaio's plate one thing: to live as a member of the Church should

there was placed a glass of lemonade. One of his live.

associates protested saying that the captain would Captain Vaio has gone to his eternal reward. Peroffend the governor if he drank only lemonade at haps he knows that many, many times I have told this

the toast, but notwithstanding these protestations incident to the youth of the Church who have been

Brother Vaio insisted that he would drink only lemencouraged by the story along the pathway of duty.

onade when the toast was proposed. Captain Vaio had the courage and loyalty to do

It was Captain Vaio's responsibility and honor to what he knew was right.

AUGUST 1958 575 Was temple work done for the dead

was done in the temples

QUESTION: "In discussing the work for the

dead the question was asked: 'Was temple work

done for the dead before the time of Christ?'It was

decided by the majority that no such work was done.

One member took exception to this and asked what was done then in the temples in Old Testament times, if it was not work for the dead? Will you please

clarify for us so that we may all be in full agreement?"

ANSWER: There was no work done for

the dead until after the Savior turned the key when he visited the spirits in prison. The work that was

done in the tabernacle (or temple) Moses built in the wilderness, and in the temple of Solomon and the latter restored temple in Israel, was confined to ordinances for the living. That they did have ordinances is clear from the writings of Moses in the

Pentateuch. The Lord made that perfectly clear to

the Prophet Joseph Smith in the following words, Your when revealing the need for a house of the Lord where ordinances could be restored:

"And again, verily I say unto you, how shall your washings be acceptable unto me, except ye perform Question them in a house which you have built to my name.

"For, for this cause I commanded Moses that he by Joseph Fielding Smith should build a tabernacle, that they should bear it

President of the Council of the Twelve with them in the wilderness, and to build a house in the land of promise, that those ordinances might be revealed which had been hid from before the world was. x The work done in the wilderness and later in the temple in Jerusalem was confined to ordinances for the living, as certain scripture will clearly show in both the Old and the New Testaments. Many of the

ancient prophets held the keys of the priesthood, which enabled them to perform the ordinances and obtain the necessary blessings to entitle them to a place in the celestial kingdom. And these blessings

continued to be given to those who were worthy, and after the resurrection of Christ they came forth to obtain their exaltation in the celestial kingdom.

All ordinances for the dead had to wait until after

See page 619 for footnotes.

576 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA before the time of Christ, and if not, what

in Old Testament times?

Jesus Christ had gained the victory over death, and Savior entered his ministry he visited his home town, then to Peter and his brethren the authority to officiNazareth, and upon entering the synagogue the ate in behalf of the dead was revealed. Unfortunately, scriptures were placed in his hands. He opened

there is little written in the New Testament giving the them and read the words of Isaiah, and said to the history of such ordinances having been performed. people: "This day is this scripture fulfilled in your

Paul has given us the clearest insight in his first ears."5 That is to say, the time had come for the

epistle to the Corinthian saints wherein he spoke of preaching of the gospel and the redemption of both baptism for the dead, implying that this principle was the living and the dead.

very well understood. He used it as an argument in The most positive saying of the Lord in relation to

favor of the resurrection. In some of the writings of the status of the dead before his resurrection is imthe "early fathers"there is also some knowledge that plied in the story of the rich man and Lazarus. This

such a doctrine was practised. is one of the most familiar of the Lord's parables.

President Brigham Young has given us a clear It is so interesting and pertinent to this question that statement, fully covering this question. Said he: it is not amiss to quote part of it here:

"Jesus was the first man that ever went to preach to "There was a certain rich man, which was clothed the spirits in prison, holding the keys of the Gospel in purple and fine linen, and fared sumptuously every of salvation to them. Those keys were delivered to day:

him in the day and hour that he went into the spirit "And there was a certain beggar named Lazarus, world, and with them he opened the door of salvation which was laid at his gate full of sores, to the spirits in prison."2 "And desiring to be fed with the crumbs which fell

There are in the Bible many references which have from the rich man's table: moreover the dogs came

a bearing on this question. First let us consider the and licked his sores.

words of the Lord to Isaiah: "And it came to pass, that the beggar died, and

"I the Lord have called thee in righteousness, was carried by the angels into Abraham's bosom:

and will hold thine hand, and will keep thee, and the rich man also died, and was buried;

give thee for a covenant of the people, for a light of "And in hell he lift up his eyes, being in torments, the Gentiles; and seeth Abraham afar off, and Lazarus in his bosom.

"To open the blind eyes, to bring out the prisoners "And he cried and said, Father Abraham, have from the prison, and them that sit in darkness out mercy on me, and send Lazarus, that he may dip the of the prison house. tip of his finger in water, and cool my tongue; for

"I am the Lord; that is my name: and my glory I am tormented in this flame.

will I not give to another, neither my praise to graven "But Abraham said, Son, remember that thou in images.""thy lifetime receivedst thy good things, and likewise

"The Spirit of the Lord God is upon me; because Lazarus evil things: but now he is comforted, and

the Lord hath anointed me to preach good tidings thou art tormented.

unto the meek; he hath sent me to bind up the "And beside all this, between us and you there is

brokenhearted, to proclaim liberty to the captives, a great gulf fixed; so that they which would pass

and the opening of the prison to them that are from hence to you cannot; neither can they pass to

bound."4 us, that would come from thence."

These references to the opening of the prison and This is as far as the parable relates to our question.

the proclaiming of liberty to the captives evidently There was a great gulf which separated those who have reference to the dead who had been confined had not complied with the laws of the gospel from in darkness, not knowing their fate. Shortly after the those who had, and (Continued on page 602)

AUGUST 1958 577 w

&":?.''>-/.;

r<(Mrk (\n Wl

n s ns

r v-IS Via *i fi;A

=7- Xs- -C. -CSjt-V.

tefe??

i2-2 l

60 l*-ES >,l3pV SK* COSMIC RAY PARTICLES'

MICROMETEORITES EXPLORER

iOOO

KasS'tfv:

o 'fsy

by Dr. Carl J. Christensen, Director of Cooperative Research,

University of Utah, and a member of the Deseret Sunday School uture Union General Board

Man, in ages past, has been restricted in his comall we can believe the good purposes of the Creator ings and goings to a surface-a twodimensional will be served by this fearsome new instrument.

region. It is not yet five hundred years since he The impact on the people of the world of the event

realized this surface was that of a crude sphere of of orbiting the first manmade satellite can best be modest dimensions, and hence quite limited in extent. appreciated when it is realized that its Russian name

During the past fifty years or so, he has been probing Sputnik was integrated into the dictionaries of many the third dimension, the up and the down, and has languages within fortyeight hours of the time it was been able to burrow into the earth two miles deep; put into an orbit by a Russian rocket engine. The

by means of wings of his own fashioning, the Bell reaction of the world to this event is the more re-

X-2, he has ascended into the atmosphere 23.8 miles markable when one realizes: 1) that man has underabove the ocean level. These probings into the third stood the principle of a rocket engine since the

dimension have been puny, however, when compared Chinese first made a rocket with gunpowder as the with the infinitely vast distances available. propellant about the second century in the Christian

The Bible tells us the Lord thwarted one attempt era, and 2) that the nature of a satellite orbit has been of man, at the Tower of Babel, to get away from the fully understood since Sir Isaac Newton published earth's surface, for the probable reason that the athis Principia in 1684. This principle in celestial

tempt was foolishness. Nevertheless, he allowed man, mechanics is studied by every American boy and girl

on October 4, 1957, to put a satellite into orbit. This who takes a course in high school physics. Even

was a tremendous technological breakthrough, the though these principles have long been understood,, consequences of which are not yet fully appreciated. the achievement of a manmade satellite was not

This date may come to be recognized as one of the expected by the rank and file of humanity. They,

great dates in human history, more important perhaps apparently, had tacitly assumed this to be an act than October 12, 1492, or July 4, 1776. possible only to God in his creation. Perhaps many

For the moment, this new freedom into the third of us are only beginning to comprehend the tredimension appalls us, frightens us, perhaps for the mendous things the Creator has in plan for us, his reason that it came about as a byproduct of the despirit children, to achieve.

velopment of a terrible weapon of war which can In its simplest terms a rocket engine is a chamber literally rain down fire from of gas at high pressure with a single outlet, called a (left)Drawing the shows upper it heaven—as indeed may, nozzle, from which the gas streams at high velocity.

limits lowerand orbit of of *i i i i r.1Explorer I; (right) the orbit of m the hands r evil, designMost people have experienced the kick'of a gun

the satellites, first three drawn ing men. But in the overresulting from firing a shot from it. A machine gunto scale their size in to show

relation to the earth. (Two

Russian and one American.)

AUGUST 1958 '579 firing a rapid sequence of shots would give a sequence An orbital curve, which is also an ellipse,* can of kicks which, if frequent enough, would seem aleasily be drawn by putting two pins in a piece of most as a steady pressure. Such a machine gun paper, putting a loop of string over the pins and

would be a rocket engine of a sort. The bullets, in running a pencil around the pins inside the loop of

the case of a rocket engine, are extremely numerous string, as shown in the sketch. The result is a closed

and exceedingly small chemical particles, called curve with two focii located where the pins are.

molecules by the chemist. Each of these, as it rushes When the two focii are moved together, the curve

from the nozzle of the rocket engine, give a backbecomes a circle, which is a special kind of ellipse.

ward kick to the engine, just as a bullet gives a As the two focii are separated more and more, the backward kick when leaving the muzzle of a gun. ellipse becomes more and more elongated until when

Such an engine is simplicity itself. The triumph of the focii are infinitely far apart the ellipse becomes

the rocket engine which sent Sputnik into an orbit another special kind of curve, called a parabola. A

is its guidance mechanism, and the control of the satellite traveling in a parabolic orbit would go off fuels which have large amounts of energy locked into space never to return, for the second focus within their chemical strucabout which it must turn is at tures, and which energy is reinfinity. Any ellipse could be

leased to heat the resulting an orbit; hence there is an inmolecules and put them under finite number of possible orbits

very high pressure when the about any massive body. The

fuel reacts chemically with oxyorbit taken by the satellite will gen or similar chemical subdepend entirely upon the orbitstance. Rockets will become ing process. If this can be

more powerful and more efficlosely controlled, the orbit cient as the chemist finds ways can be selected as one chooses.

of locking more and more But close control is an ability energy into the chemical strucwe must yet acquire. As of

ture of fuels. Accordingly, many now the rocket men are pleased

chemists are now engaged in DRAWING AN ELLIPSE to get the satellite into any the task of creating new fuels orbit which is wholly outside of high energy content, and we the main portion of the atcan expect to see some exotic, new chemical submosphere of the earth.

stances created for rocket fuels. When the chemist The body about which the satellite is orbiting

has provided a fuel with twice the energy per unit always is located with its center at one of the focii weight locked in its chemical structure than now is of the elliptical orbit. Accordingly, the satellite does

available from common fuels, man will have no not remain a constant distance from the earth. This

great difficulty in sending a rocket hurtling off into is shown in the sketch of the comparative size of the outer space, even outside the solar system. That such orbits of the first three satellites successfully launched.

fuels will be produced is almost a certainty. In fact, The only exception to this would be when the orbit

chemists are even now dreaming of fuels with ten is a circle, and this will not often happen, since to times the usual energy, per unit weight of fuel, achieve this particular orbit the orbiting process locked in their chemical structures. would require much more precision than is now

Sir Isaac Newton in 1684 taught us that a body in available to us.

motion will continue to travel a straight path unless Since gravity decreases as one recedes from the it is acted upon by an external force, such, for inearth, the orbital speed of an earth satellite must also stance, as gravitation. The gravitational force causes decrease as it gets farther from the earth. Thus the

a satellite to depart from a straight path such that moon has a lower orbital speed than does Sputnik.

its new path becomes that of a geometrical curve Sputnik I, when closest to the earth in its slightly called an ellipse. It can be shown that this departure elliptical orbit (the orbital position called perigee),

from a straight path is just that which would be exhad an orbital speed of about 5 miles per second.

pected if the satellite were freely falling towards the If the speed had been greater than this at perigree, center of the earth. Because of the forward velocity **The floor plan of the Salt Lake Tabernacle approximates

of the satellite in its orbit, called the orbital velocity, an ellipse and the building shell itself is half of an ellipsoid we have the seeming anomaly of the satellite forever ofif onerevolution.drops a pinThe innaturea hatofattheonesurfaceof the generatedfocii all theis suchsoundthatis

falling toward the center of the earth but never reflected in phase to the second focii. This explains the

pindropping famous phenomenon in the tabernacle which arriving there. is familiar to many.

580 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the orbit would have been a more elongated ellipse, beginning in man's conquest of space. But it is also

until with an orbital speed at perigee of about 7 extremely significant and assures us the quest will be miles per second the orbit would have been a parafruitful. In its realm it is comparable to the discovery

bola, and Sputnik would have passed into outer space of America by Columbus. This generation and the

beyond the confines of our solar system, never to renext will enter with great vigor upon the exploration turn. That is, it would have done this unless perand subjugation of outer space. Billions of dollars

chance it had passed close to another large body in will be expended. Thousands of scientists and engithe solar system and been strongly influenced in a neers of nearly every imaginable specialty will be

suitable way by the gravitational pull of this new required in this development; new technologies will

body. probably arise and new subsciences may be created.

You ask, "If a satellite travels in a fixed orbit why In a research and development activity of this kind then does it eventually fall to the earth?"The answer a scientist hesitates to put a time schedule on signifiis that the satellite would travel forever in its orbit cant developments, since the solution of many of the

if it did not encounter conditions which would gradinherent problems may be delayed by unexpected ually drain away its energy, i.e., the energy given it difficulties. To the scientists and engineers now

when the rocket engine put it into orbit.* In the case working with rockets and fully aware of the problems

of Sputnik the most important process acting to yet to be solved it appears assured that the developdrain away its energy is the friction it encounters ment will be exceedingly fruitful.

when going through the residue of the earth's atmosAs we go into our threedimensional future, our phere still remaining at the altitude of the orbit. If lives will continue to be filled with wonder, as has

the orbit is farther from the earth, as is so for the been so for the past one hundred years, and we will

American rocket "Explorer,"then this residual atmosexclaim with the Psalmist: "What is man, that thou

phere is less, the rate at which energy is taken from art mindful of him? and the son of man, that thou

the satellite is decreased, and the satellite orbits about visitest him?

the earth for a much longer period of time. "For thou hast made him a little lower than the

As its energy is decreased, the satellite gradually angels, and hast crowned him with glory and honour.

spirals in towards the surface of the earth. Finally, "Thou madest him to have dominion over the works

when it gets deep enough into the atmosphere, the of thy hands...."

frictional heat becomes intense enough to make the And we shall continue to marvel at Brigham satellite incandescent and it burns or vaporizes, just Young's great insight into this phase of science as is like a meteor, a traveler from somewhere in the imevident from his telegram to Bishop Lorin Farr of mensity of space which is a fragment of the creation Ogden when the Deseret Telegraph was dedicated.

and which has been finally caught in the gravitational He said in part: "In my heart I dedicate this linefield of the earth. to the Lord God of Israel—for the building up

The sending of Sputnik into orbit is a very humble of His kingdom, praying that this and all other improvements may contribute to our benefit, and the *This energy is tremendous. One ounce of Sputnik has

about the same energy as a Cadillac automobile traveling at glory of God: until we can waft ourselves by the

bullet with shoot a could If one per hour. 100 miles the power of the Almighty from world to world to our

the energy times have 100 that bullet would of Sputnik,speed of a bullet shot from the best army rifle. fullest satisfaction."

CARTHAGE

by Leah Cannon Smith

Fear stalked the empty, silent streets.

Deserted were the homes, the taverns, the churches, and the governing seats.

Fearing retribution, everyone had fled,

Leaving behind a few aged and helpless and the dead.

"The Mormons will come. How could you do such a thing. How?"

"I didn't do it. It was he,"was the general cry.

Retribution! Too heartsick and stunned were they to try.

They remembered the admonition. "Turn the other cheek."

Guilty conscience, condemned, tortured, but never was vengeance wrought by the meek.

AUGUST 1958 581 Who

by Sterling W. Sill

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

The inspiring story of Friends and enemies, the Good Samaritan was like "blessings,"somegiven by Jesus in answer Just as we are sometimes unable to times come in disguise.

to a lawyer's question, pick out the villain in a mystery But even without any "And who is my neighmovie, so we are sometimes unable disguise, our batting avbour?"(Luke 10:29.) As erage has not been very

people have pondered to tell our friends from our enemies. good in identifying eithe answer for 1900 ther. We don't always

years, some construcrecognize our parents or tive ideas have been impressed into their minds. An our teachers or our religious leaders in their true light.

appropriate story illustrates and clarifies ideas in a And at the same time, we allow enemies in the most way that sometimes makes them even more valuable flimsy disguises to infiltrate our ranks and rob us of our than the actual experience itself. Helpful thoughts blessings without even realizing that they are being

must first be clear, and then they can be stamped lost. "Who is my enemy"is a timely question. To think

deeper and deeper into our minds to become more about it may sharpen our skills in the processes of effective in their influence. identification. Another story may help us to see some

The other day another "lawyer"asked a question. of the answers more clearly.

After some discussion and confusion about some perOne of the most instructive stories of any age is the sonal problems, he said in substance, "Who is my story of Mark Anthony, the friend of Julius Caesar.

enemy?"That is a good question to think about, Just after a group of thirtyeight conspirators had

and we don't always get the right answers. Just as we assassinated Caesar with the intention of taking over

are sometimes unable to pick out the villain in a the government of the Roman Empire, Mark Anthony mystery movie, so we are sometimes unable to tell came on the scene and by an effective argument at our friends from our enemies. Jesus was the best the funeral of Caesar, started the ball rolling away

friend the people of this earth have ever had, and from the conspirators. Then Anthony and Octavius

yet in his own day, as in ours, he was not always so Caesar organized their forces and began a long, fierce recognized. "Mistaken identity"is one of the common struggle for power,

misfortunes of human experience. Wolves in sheep's Plutarch, the great Greek moralist and historian

clothing are an everyday occurrence, and just as who lived contemporaneously with Anthony, tells how frequently, people unknowingly turn their backs on Anthony, armed with his convincing speech, his logic, their best friends. his courage, and his ability to lead men, took the

55 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA world away from the conspirators. Anthony went of difficulties called forth his greatest effort; the

from one success to another to become perhaps, the deserts and mountains which he conquered made him world's most illustrious and powerful man of his stronger. His problems actually increased his abilities.

time. He overcame every difficulty. He endured the But when he "turned aside from glory's way,"and

most arduous marches; he lived for long periods on set himself against his own best interests, there was

rations of insects and the bark of trees. He shared no power that could save him. He deliberately laid

these most extreme hardships with his men with himself in the dust. Of his own accord, he "madly

wondrous good cheer. He gained the unquestioned threw a world

loyalty and devotion of his soldiers, who were willing away."

to follow him in every enterprise. How striking

But when the power of Anthony seemed secure and is the parallel further need for struggle appeared to be unnecessary, with what might

Anthony became idle. He fell in love with the bebe our own sitwitching Queen Cleopatra of Egypt and became a uation. Many

victim of the soft luxury and perfumed elegance of people at this inthe Egyptian court. His great mind became clouded stant have every a "strumpet's fool."

with the fumes of wine. He lost interest in the procblessing within their easy reach, but they are deess that had brought about his success. He became liberately throwing them all away, including the

what Plutarch calls "a fishing rod general,"and celestial kingdom and all that goes with it. God has

Shakespeare says he was transformed into- a "strumgiven us power over our own welfare. If we fail,

pet's fool."it will be because, like Anthony, we have destroyed

Like so many others have done since, Anthony ourselves.

abandoned his better self. It was not long, therefore, Aristotle recited to Alexander the Great an imbefore he began losing his power. His prestige began portant truth with which we should be familiar. He

to slip; his winning personality went into an eclipse; said, "The greatest enemy that ever confronts an army

and his ability to perform began a swift decline. He is never in the ranks of the foe, but always in your own

lost his sense of morality and responsibility. He lost camp."This is not only one of the most important

the loyalty of his men, the admiration of the people, truths but is also one of the hardest to learn. It is

and the support of Octavius. The magnificent accomvery difficult to protect ourselves against ourselves.

plishment of Anthony was reduced to rubble. Finally This applies to individuals, churches, armies, and

Octavius sent soldiers nations.

is the greatest enemy of a democto Egypt to take AnFor example, who thony into custody. racy? It is not Russia nor China. The greatest

Anthony avoided arenemy of a democracy is weakness and sin within.

rest by seeking death Who was it that sold America's atomic secrets? Who

on his own sword. is it that causes strikes, bitterness, distrust? If AmerAnd while he lay ica is overthrown, who will be responsible? The

dying, he recounted great civilizations of the Jaredites and the Nephites to Cleopatra the stimdestroyed themselves, just as did Anthony.

is the greatest enemy of the Church? Noulating idea that Enemiesdisguises infiltratein the mostour ranks.flimsy Or who

there had been no possible power "outside"the Church can stop its power in the world sufficient to overthrow him except progress. The only people who can hold back our

his own. Anthony had been undone by himself. He part of the work of the Lord are ourselves. As early

said, "Only Anthony could conquer Anthony."as 1834, the Lord said that "were it not for the transEverything in the world that Anthony desired, he gressions of my people... they might have been

had held firmly in his own hands. There existed no redeemed even now."(D & C 105:2.)

earthly power sufficient to take it from him, except Sometimes we destroy ourselves over the most his own. The opposition of the conspirators only trivial things. Anthony's fall started, with his idlemade him more determined; the stimulating challenge ness and the evil attraction of an Egyptian queen.

AUGUST 1958 583 Others throw their blessings away with no better should "love our enemies"is because they tend to excuse. Faith is lost because of idleness, sloth, and point out our faults and sting us into activity. At

sin on the inside. least they keep us on our toes, whereas our "friends"

The Prophet Joseph Smith was less fearful of the sometimes lull us into the sin of selfdelusion where acts of the mob than he was of those who might disaster lurks. Carlyle says that "the greatest fault

prove to be traitors among his own people. One of is to be conscious of none."Almost more than

Joseph Smith's own counselors, William Law, assisted anything else, we need to be able to analyze and in betraying him into the hands of his enemies, and criticize and look objectively at ourselves.

on June 12, 1844, Constable David Bettisworth of The Lord has indicated the great joy that will be

Carthage arrived in Nauvoo with warrants for the ours if we bring one soul unto him. Isn't it logical

arrest of Joseph and Hyrum which finally resulted in to believe that the pain will be in proportion if we their deaths. These warrants were issued upon comlose one soul through our negligence or mislead one

plaints sworn by Francis M. Higbee, who had been soul through our bad example? The Lord says,

a member of the Church. "... wo to him by whom this offense cometh."(D & C

Enemies in our own camp have always been the 54:5.)

biggest problem in the Church. President McKay Our own weakness or lack of integrity or inferior

has said, "The Church is seldom, if ever, injured by leadership may prove a more effective stumbling the persecution of ignorant or misinformed or maliblock to others than any deliberate opposition that cious enemies. A far greater hindrance to its progcould be given, and if we are not conscious of our

ress comes from faultfinders, commandmentbreakers, problems, our offenses may grow larger and more and shirkers inside the Church."numerous. We should make sure that the work of

We need to identify the present enemies of the the Lord will not be cut down from within, by us.

Church if we are going to do anyWe might apply this question of thing about our problems. Who is "Who is my enemy"to ourselves perstopping the progress of the various sonally. Who is it that keeps me igwards and stakes? Who is responsinorant and poor and unsuccessful?

ble for blessings being lost by a large How can we fail to be impressed with number of inactive members? Who this tremendous idea that the Lord

is responsible for the unpaid tithing has placed before us every blessing and the undone ward teaching? There Our "friends"sometimes lull us and opportunity in time and for etercan only be one answer. The diffiinto the sin of selfdelusion. nity. The celestial kingdom for ourculty lies with members of the selves and our neighbors is within our

Church, both those who fail to lead and those who reach. There is no power in the world sufficient

fail to follow. to keep us from those blessings, except ourselves.

The Lord will not hold us guiltless. He has said "Only Anthony can conquer Anthony."Even Satan

that all men must be "left without excuse."(See D & C himself cannot force us to do wrong against our will.

88:82.) And that applies to those who fail to hear We are responsible forour own actions. The sinner

and even more particularly to those who fail to teach. brings about his own condemnation. The "sloth"loses

Leaders must bear the prospective condemnation of the blessings of the work which he fails to perform.

Paul who said, "Woe is me if I preach not the gospel."If we truly believe what we say we believe, then

It is so easy to fall a victim of that serious weaksome of us would not do as we do. For if we lose

ness of human nature wherein we tend to "justify the celestial kingdom, it will be only because we ourselves"in the things we do, whether good or bad. ourselves have "turned aside from glory's way"and

We pass very lightly over our own shortcomings. We deliberately thrown our blessings out the window,

have a most serious blind spot which prevents us for there is no power in the world than can stop from seeing our own weaknesses. One reason we our eternal exaltation and happiness, except our own.

HOLIDAY

by Ethel Jacobson The sea was sapphire, dazzling at noon, But the shining sea was no bluer than I—

And indigo under the August moon. Till I saw you smile, till I heard you sigh;

The air was fragrant with brighthued flowers, For a holiday's wasted with no one to share

And laughter and music filled magic hours. But it can be heaven for two who care!

584 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (Above) Castle in Wewelsburg, Germany, scene of 1957

East German Mission Youth Conference. (Below)

Formals in action.

Young women of East German Mission attired in formals sent by

Bonneville Monument Park Stake.

WHO SHARES HERSELF"by Marba C. Josephson

Associate Managing Editor

To most young women the first formal is an eventSome excerpts follow:

to the young women of the East German Mission it "... I was pleasantly surprised when I became your

was more than that, for the evening dresses cemented dress. It is my first formal and I am glad to have

the bridge of sisterhood between the East German such a pretty dress.

Mission* and the Bonneville and Monument Park "At this time I am on a youth conference in a village stakes of Salt Lake City. named Wewelsburg. We live in a real castle. It

The occasion was the MIA youth conference of the was buildt in the 16th year hundert. It is surrounded

East German Mission to which flocked Berliners from from fields, meadows, and large woods. It is a wonthe East as well as the West Zone, and from "behind derful youth conference and we have much joy...."

the iron curtain."Two balls were scheduled for the "Just I will give you a few words about me. I go

gala conference at which the girls appeared, many to a High School in Bendsburg and I'm in the ninth of them for the first time, in formal dress. grade. I'm fourteen years old. I was baptized in

To Sister Belle Oswald, president of Bonneville the seventeenth of July this year."

Stake, came letters following the youth conference. "It is the first time that I write an English letter.

One signed by the East German Mission MIA superBut I try to finish the letter on a good way. I was

visors said in part, "At our dance the girls expressed very happy when I got the dress. It hadn't gotten

their wish to say thanks in a personal way. We didn't every one such a fine dress as I. I am 17 years old."

have too much time to do this, so all the girls didn't "Because I am in the process of dedicating this have the opportunity to write a note. If you could wonderful ball dress, I would like to express my

have seen the girls as they enjoyed themselves (most gratitude and thanks."

of them in their FIBST formals) you would know "My very dearest sister: I'm awfully glad to have

that they sincerely mean what they've written."got this dress; it's my first 'big'dancing dress—it's just

Herold L. Gregory, then president of the East Ger- a fulfilled dream.... I'm 17 years old and living in

man Mission, wrote, "I am also attending the youth North Germany. We are not many Latterday Saints

conference at Wewelsburg.... I think the young in my home town, so I'm very glad to be here."

ladies all look very nice, and we feel it was a very And so the letters continued; all girls expressing

friendly gesture on your part. gratitude for the thoughtfulness and generosity of

"May the Lord bless you."their American sisters—thirtytwo letters—thirtytwo

Sister Mary Ethel Gregory, mission mother, wrote: cables on which a bridge of love and understanding

"Most of the dresses fit perfectly, and I think it will could be erected—thirtytwo heartbeats of gratitude.

please you to know that you have made many, many The genuine appreciation from these East German young hearts glad."girls'letters carry to their American sisters some little

The letters from the girls are poignant. Some were knowledge of what the German sisters across the

written in German, others in quaint and expressive ocean are experiencing. From this knowledge gratiEnglish. All bespeak gratitude for the generosity tude must also spring in American hearts for the

of the American sisters. plenty which they enjoy and which they may in turn

'Now the North German Mission. share.

AUGUST 1958 585 NS

"M

\ r

Life?

S"%\

v4;//

586 IMPROVEMENT ERA s Popocatepetl, Aztec for "Smoking Mountain,"lies about forty miles southeast of Mexico City.

The 17,784 foot volcano still active, is the highest mountain in North America.

One of the most memorable adventures of mv life occurred in Mexico when I was twentyone years old. My father, P.

L. (Jack) Goddard, with

whom I have shared innumerable fascinating experiences, and I were about to embark on an expedition through Mexico,

Yucatan, Guatemala, and Nicaragua, and had been accompanied as far as Mexico City by my mother—

a wonderfully understandThroughout the thrilling history of human achievement, ing woman who, with almost saintly patience and tolerthe drive for adventure has activated men to traverse unance, had resigned herself to having her only son charted oceans, to explore strange lands, to delve into the follow a somewhat precarious career in exploration.mysteries of the universe, and strive continually to penetrate

the veil of the unknown in all fields of endeavors. From the moment we arrived by trainat the colorThe discovery of America was achieved because of the ful metropolis, my mind was seething with plans for

resolutely adventurous spirit of one man, Christopher Columan ascent up Popocatepetl, the fabulous "Smoking bus, who boldly faced dangers and hardships to prove his Mountain"which has figured so prominently in Mexirevolutionary theories.

In the midtwentieth century, the ambitions of many youths can history and legend, and which is numbered to become pilots, detectives, or deepsea divers, seldom find among the highest peaks on the earth—with an altifulfilment. I feel particularly fortunate, therefore, in being tude of -almost eighteen thousand feet.

able to realize my boyhood aspirations of becoming a proUpon getting settled in a picturesque hotel in the fessional explorer—not only satisfying my adventuresome soul, heart of the sprawling city, I made inquiries about

but contributing, I hope, to a broader scientific knowledge, and perhaps an increased appreciation of the strange world what procedure was necessary to make the venture.

about us. Each query elicited the same response from the naAUGUST 1958 587

tive guides; namely, that I should see one "Serior Leo rigorous horseback ride. But even so, the road was

McAllister,"the founder and honorary president of deeply rutted, and our progress was slow.

the Mexican Explorers Club. Upon arriving, we were The horizon ahead was dominated by two massive

met by a Mexican boy. I explained our mission as mountains—one on the right of us, Popocatepetl, and

best I could in my high school Spanish, whereupon one on the left, Ixtacihuatl or "The Lady in White"he shook his head and informed us that "the boss"(commonly referred to as "The Sleeping Lady"). Aztec

was out of the city on business and wouldn't return legend says that Popocatepetl and Ixtacihuatl were for several weeks. I related the details concerning at one time living lovers who, having displeased the

my outing to him. When I had finished, he launched gods, were transformed into volcanos. After underinto a vehement tirade against such a foolhardy ungoing this metamorphosis, the woman died, but the

dertaking. From what he told me, I gathered that man was doomed to live on and gaze on the dead

March was the last month in the year that any form of his beloved forever. At times, in his deep

respectable climber would let himself be found anygrief, he trembles and moans while tears of fire where near "Popo."He branded any such enterprise course down his furrowed cheek.

as completely out of the question. He painted a We drove on, climbing higher and higher. The

frightful picture of the dangers I would encounter atmosphere was filled with the fresh scent of pine and should I attempt the climb. In short, he tried in fir as we penetrated deep into the forest. We stopped

every way to discourage me—concluding with the for a few moments by a sparkling stream, rushing

grim fact that a great many people had been killed headlong from the heights above. After replenishing

climbing "Popo"since the days of the Spanish the radiator and refreshing ourselves, we continued.

conquistadores. We finally arrived at the end of the road; and after

But firmly believing I could conquer the mountain, a few words of fond farewell to my resigned parents, this harangue only served as a goad to whet my Juarez and I set off along a faint game trail. Followdesire. ing it for a mile or so, we came upon a dilapidated

After failing to secure the services of a professional old shack used by woodchoppers. It was dusk by

guide in the city, my parents and I rented an ancient the time we reached the hut, where we proceeded to "taxi"and set out for the closest village to the volcut some wood and cook our dinner of tortillas, grape cano, Amecameca, some forty miles from Mexico City. juice, and frijoles. Juarez did not speak a word of

This sleepy little Aztec town is the "last outpost"of English, and my Spanish was far from fluent; so we

civilization for climbing parties, and I was able to retired as soon as we had eaten, and spread out on hire a little peon—one Juarez Vicente—as my "guia."the cold dirt floor.

For fifty pesos (ten dollars American currency) he As the night wore on and I lay in my sleeping bag, agreed to defy with me the hazards of an "out of my mind was filled with the stories I had heard of season"ascent up the precipitous slopes of the great how infested this region was with bandits. I was

mountain. We purchased a few items of food to thinking how wise I was in leaving my wallet, ring,

sustain us during the outing, and rented two ice axes and watch with my parents, when I heard some heavy and two pairs of crampons. This was the extent of footsteps outside. Instantly I was fully awake, every

our equipment and since that time I have become nerve in my body alert. I fumbled for the Luger I

increasingly aware of the need for thorough preparahad brought for protection, and finding it, slammed tion before launching any exploration! Crampons a shell into the chamber and tensely waited as the

are somewhat like ice skates, but instead of having sounds drew nearer. Through the soiled burlap

blades they are fitted with inchlong spikes—four on curtain hanging over the entrance, I could see the

the sole of the boot and two on the heel. Without lustrous ball of the moon rising in the east. Though

crampons, it would be impossible to scale "Popo,"I had retired fully clothed, I shivered in the chill because the last three thousand feet consists of hard, atmosphere of the cabin. I was tempted to spring

smooth ice instead of snow. Scrambling up a sheet out and surprise whatever was responsible for the

of ice as smooth and steep as a tin roof would culminoise, but decided to first awaken Juarez, who was nate in certain disaster without such equipment. snoring blissfully in one corner of the hovel.

After Juarez said farewell to his family, we all. I quickly disentangled myself from the kapok bag

piled into the "old hack"and set out towards the and tiptoed across the bare dirt floor to his sleeping towering volcano. Some years before, a local pulp form. I shook him gently. As he became conscious

company had constructed a dirt road from Amecameca of me bending over him, I whispered "Oiga!"(listen).

to the beautiful pine forests surrounding the base of At this point the sounds were just outside the door.

the mountain. This proved a considerable help as We both stood up just as a hulking form blotted out

this part of the trip would normally necessitate a the moonlight filtering through the burlap. I pushed

588 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the safety catch off my gun and prepared for the slopes. Often we sank to our knees in the fine

worst. The curtain was rudely thrown aside with powder, making our ascent a nightmarish ordeal.

a quick flourish and there—in the bright gleam of The breeze whipped cinders into our faces and

moonlight—was revealed the horned head and beefy filled our nostrils with dust. We plodded on and

shoulders of a wild steer! I couldn't help feeling very reached a huge mass of volcanic rock which Juarez

foolish when I discovered that my bandits had mateinformed me was called Las Cruces by the natives.

rialized into a curious ox, who, after sniffing loudly We didn't stop to rest because of the stinging wind, in our direction suddenly whirled around and sped but looking up, it seemed an endless climb to the off into the forest. I grinned sheepishly at Juarez top. The distance to the snow line seemed miles,

and jumped back into bed with his chuckles ringing and covering it proved to be one of the most exhaustin my ears. ing ordeals I have ever experienced. With every

After a few hours of fitful sleep, I heard him stirring step, our feet sank out of sight in the dust and in his corner and knew it was time to get underway. ashes. Sometimes we floundered on our hands and

We prepared a hurried breakfast of tacos, soup, and knees as the whole mountainside seemed to come chocolate—eating sparingly as the strain on our bodies loose and start sliding down. For every foot we

would be great enough without weakening our sysgained, it seemed that five steps had to be taken.

tems with a heavy breakfast—and set out through the At last we reached the snow line and sat down

forest. The moon was almost directly overhead and to rest and don our crampons. We were approxishone down on us with such luminousity that a mately sixteen thousand feet up, and as we observed

newspaper could have been read in its light. Ahead our surroundings, the first faint rays of the sun began

and above us towered the monstrous volcano we to streak the horizon. It was an inspiring sight to

hope to scale. The snowtopped peak gleamed watch a sunrise from such a unique vantage point. I

coldly beautiful like a gigantic mass of smoldering shall never forget that view of "The Sleeping Lady"phosphorous. I asked Juarez what time it was, and as the sun's rays transformed her into a lifelike figure.

he replied, "possible two in the morning."I won- I watched the few lights of Amecameca and the little

dered why it was necessary to rise so early, but I city of Puebla blink out far off in the distance below learned later that clouds and mists obscure the peak us. I could barely make out the lights of Mexico

from noon on—thus the early start. City, seemingly suspended on the western horizon.

We hiked about two As it grew lighter, I looked up at the tremendous miles through a framass of snow and ice stretching up and ever upward—

grant pine forest before seemingly to infinity—and wondered if I could posarriving at the mounsibly make it all the way to the top. My heart

tain's ashcovered base. pounded so violently it shook my whole body, and

It was bitterly cold, it seemed impossible to draw in enough air to ease and a chilling breeze my tortured lungs.

added to our discomAs we rested, the thought passed through my mind fort. Already I was havthat we were truly a pair of oddlooking mountain

ing difficulty breathing climbers. I had on a pair of Levi's, a lumberman's

and was feeling woozy shirt, and an old wool sport coat. Juarez'"getup"

from the effects of the was even more curious—a battered sombrero tied to

altitude. his head with a strip of cloth, a homemade cotton

I began feeling I shirt and pants, with a padded jacket to keep him was licked already, but warm. On his feet were sandals like none I have

something within me ever seen. He had cut them from a discarded autowould not let me turn mobile tire, and had embellished them with leggings

back or rest; and I of cloth to keep his feet warm and protected. He was

continued trudging up only about five feet tall and looked more like a young the steep slope, with muchacho than a thirtyfive-yearold father of six

Juarez directing the children. Throughout the climb, he displayed reway. Many climbers markable stamina and endurance—a living testament

are thwarted in their to the Word of Wisdom, for he neither drank nor attempt to ascend smoked.

"Popo"by the deep After briefly pausing to gather strength, we tackled blanket of ash that the frozen waste ahead. As the sun rose higher, the

covers the lower ice glare almost blinded {Continued on page 606)

Melchizedek Priesthood

How to magnify priesthood callings

Those who magnify their callings in the MelchizeFather's kingdom; therefore all that my Father hath

dek Priesthood are promised exaltation in the highest shall he given unto him.

heaven of the celestial world. Consequently, it is "And this is according to the oath and covenant

and should be of transcendent importance to every which belongeth to the priesthood.

priesthood bearer: "Therefore, all those who receive the priesthood,

1. To know what his calling is; receive this oath and covenant of my Father, which

2. To have a clear understanding of the powers, he cannot break, neither can it be moved.

privileges, duties, and responsibilities that go with "But whoso breaketh this covenant after he hath that calling; and received it, and altogether turneth therefrom, shall

3. To know how, in actual practice, to go about not have forgiveness of sins in this world nor in the

magnifying the particular calling involved. world to come."(D & C 84:3341. Italics added.)

To gain a clear understanding of what it means All that the Father hath is eternal life, exaltation, to magnify a calling in the priesthood, with the conor godhood. Accordingly, when any man has the

sequent inheritance of the fulness of the Father's Melchizedek Priesthood conferred upon him, and kingdom, we must remember what the priesthood is when he is ordained to an office in that priesthood, and what blessings flow from its righteous use. by that course he enters into a covenant with the

Lord. That covenant is a contractual agreement in

Nature of Priesthood which man promises to magnify his calling in the

Priesthood is the power and authority of God delepriesthood and in which the Lord swears with an gated to man on earth, to act in all things for the oath that in such event he will give man eternal life salvation of man. The greatest blessing flowing from in his Father's kingdom. To work out his salvation

righteous use of the priesthood is named in the reveand exaltation in the celestial world man, hence, lation outlining the oath and covenant of the priestmust devote his talents, strength, and means to maghood. nifying the particular calling he receives in the Mel-

"For whoso is faithful unto the obtaining these two chizedek Priesthood.

priesthoods of which I have spoken,"the Lord says, "and the magnifying their calling, are sanctified by Callings in the Priesthood the Spirit unto the renewing of their bodies. What are callings in the priesthood? They are

"They become the sons of Moses and of Aaron and assignments, offices, or positions; they are callings

the seed of Abraham, and the church and kingdom, to perform certain ministerial service. It is common

and the elect of God. to speak of ordained callings and of administrative

"And also all they who receive this priesthood recallings. The ordained callings in the Melchizedek

ceive me, saith the Lord; Priesthood are elder, seventy, high priest, patriarch,

"For he that receiveth my servants receiveth me; and apostle. Examples of administrative callings are

"And he that receiveth me receiveth my Father; quorum presidents, stake presidents, high councilmen,

"And he that receiveth my Father receiveth my and positions on stake or quorum committees.

590 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TmwWM

What course must be followed to magnify a calling? 1. To get a Church assignment for every inactive

First, one must learn the duties that go with the brother;

calling. Then he must step forth—courageously, 2. To lead him carefully and wisely along the path

affirmatively, with devotion and selfsacrifice—and of temporal and spiritual progression;

do the work involved. To magnify something is to 3. To get him and his family sealed in the temple

enlarge it, to build it up in importance, to make it as a prerequisite to the continuation of the family unit great and important in the scheme of things. An in eternity; and

elder magnifies his ordained calling as an elder by 4. To direct his course to the final inheritance of

learning the duties of his office and doing them; an eternal life in the mansions hereafter.

elders president magnifies his administrative calling Priesthood reactivation procedures follow this outby following the program of the Church in running line:

the affairs of his quorum. 1. Get the facts about all members of the quorum.

Now, since priesthood in its nature is the power Make the annual confidential visits and learn all posand authority to minister for the salvation of someone sible about the state of personal righteousness of else, it follows that those holding various callings each member. Have the Fact Finding and Reporting

are given assignments to minister for the salvation Committee make out the White Cards and the Reof their brethren, or for our Father's other children. capitulation Sheets.

Let us look at the calling to serve as the president 2. Study these Recapitulation Sheets; get a good

of an elders quorum. The president is appointed picture of each brother's activity (or lack of it) in

to sit in council with his brethren, to teach them mind and then sit down with his bishop; see if sometheir duties, to see that the full blessings of the priestthing can be arranged which will result in the man

hood flow to every quorum member, to lead his receiving a Church assignment. Perhaps in the

fellow elders to eternal life in the kingdom of God. course of a few weeks the bishop can find an approSuppose then that there are members of that quopriate position for him to fill.

rum who do not put first in their lives the things of 3. Those who do not get a working assignment

God's kingdom, who are not pressing forward along from the bishop should be induced to begin to render the straight and narrow path with that steadfastness service on quorum projects.

which will enable them to endure to the end and 4. If there are those who have strayed so far that

gain all that the Father hath. If such is the case, they do not respond to invitations to serve in the

then it is the calling of those who preside in the ward or the quorum, then the provisions of the quorum to lead their lost and straying sheep back Personal Missionary Approach apply. An active meminto the security of the sheepfold. ber of the quorum is assigned to work with each

inactive brother. This work is done quietly, wisely,

Objectives of Reactivation Program carefully, through social, fraternal, business, or other

The objectives of this great program of priesthood channels, with a view of mellowing the individual reactivation are: and rekindling the spark of (Continued on page 618)

AUGUST 1958 591 Conducted by the Unified Church School System

t4tu to4>A Juicfi&i n

The ability to inspire is probably the most imporwould have patience -with mediocrity, laziness, protant characteristic of a good teacher. He is inspiring crastination, sloppiness, or with work finished but

because the subject is important to him; it has vitality. not well done. The master teacher not only makes

He is inspiring because of his enthusiasm and his learning fun, exciting, and exhilarating; he makes

sincerity. He kindles lights in each student, lights of the final touch—the highest degree of perfection

wonder and desire and understanding. He makes attainable by a student—the most satisfying of all.

the students want to know more. He shows them the He advocates growth and encourages pride in excelgreatness of what they already know. lence. He requires each student to extend himself

This is a little like eating a meal. There is a point to do his very best. He teaches satisfaction of achieveat which we are parment but he also teaches

tially filled, but we the joy of doing the best would enjoy a little My rainbow lured me higher still; that can be done. He

more. Our appetites I climbed and felt the climber's thrill. whose inspiration is

have been a little more My rainbow fled to the mountaintop; greatest is impatient

whetted, but they have I climbed, I would not, could not stopwith anything less than not been satisfied. So it Thank God, I said, for my rainbow. completion plus the

is with a wise teacher:—George H. Brimhall highest degree of perhe does not merely tell fection possible.

how important and satisThe really good teachfying his menu is; he provides nourishment to his er is both learned and unlearned. It is true that

students, but leaves them a little hungry. the teacher must have background rich in experience

We frequently hear a teacher extolled for his paand facts, that he must know his students as well as tience. Every successful teacher is patient—patient his subject. But is it not equally true that he must

to try and try again to reach an objective; patient with be humbly conscious of his own need to learn? Is it

growth, with individual differences; patient enough not also true that he must exhibit the "process of

to encourage persistence. But truly great teachers learning"as well as his learning? In order to inspire

are impatient, also. Certainly no great teacher growth, he must be the living example—he must be

592 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA by Albert L. Payne

Associate Director, LDS Institute of Religion University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah

are not of equal value. The ideas he presents are

therefore presented simply, that they may be understood and carried away like a treasure. Students are

taught to weigh and evaluate ideas and are given practice discriminating between them. This is the

last and greatest area of his inspiration. Now the

student feels the love of the teacher and sees the love of the teacher for development and growth. The

student feels his own worth; he begins to feel the

power that is within him; he knows the joy of exercising this power for himself.

growing with his students. The really good teacher, The truly good teacher inspires students with the

then, has both a wealthy and a hungry vision; he has vitality of his subject, with the joy of learning, with

a good supply, but he still wants more. He imparts the satisfaction which comes from doing one's very

love of learning because he is learned but still learnbest. These things are not achieved easily or quickly.

ing; he inspires growth and scholarship because he Too often in the Church, teachers have looked upon

is growing. themselves as reformers, or as disciplinarians, or as

The most loved teacher is one who loves his studispensers of factual material. Each of these may

dents and understands them. He makes students feel have its proper place in teaching but these are not

their worth; he makes the learning situation dignified the teacher's primary function. The deep influence

by seeing to it that all people are respected. In of a great and inspiring teacher, whose general aporder to do this he must lead gently and sympathetiproach to knowledge and life can be a practical guide,

cally. He is more like a shepherd than a reformer, goes far beyond the recitation. The truly good teachmore like a companion than a director. He loves to er imparts more than the course material. A wise

see growth in ideas and attitudes and habits. He teacher once wrote: "It is my business to start hares,

teaches his students that all people are to be equally not catch them."The good teacher helps students

respected, but that all ideas, attitudes, and habits to begin a great adven- (Continued on page 602)

AUGUST 1958 593 Our civilization rests upon three pillars—the home,

the school, and the church. Of these, the home is the

most important, for it produces those qualities in people that most decisively determine their social, cultural, and spiritual development.

Today the home is under attack. Insidious forces

are at work to undermine and weaken its influence.

Thousands of parents are being awakened—sometimes

tragically and too late—to the fact that there is no

substitute for a good home.

Many parents have robbed their children of the right to a fair opportunity in preparing for the struggle of life. These parents have also robbed themselves

of the great joy and peace that can come to those who have sons and daughters.

The Latterday Saint home is a Christian heritage.

That heritage has nurtured the ideals of the home Perpetuating as a divine institution. Its preservation is a solemn

obligation resting upon parents and children alike.

We know very little about the Savior's early life.the purpose of It is the seed plot of virtue and integrity.

History is silent about the influences and conditions surrounding the home provided by Joseph and Mary, except that Jesus was the eldest of five brothers and two sisters. His home life must have been congenial the Home to his divine nature for he "grew, and waxed strong

in spirit, filled with wisdom: and the grace of God was

by Alma Sonne upon him,"and he "increased in wisdom and stature,

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve and in favor with God and man."(Luke 2:40, 52.)

Mary was divinely chosen before Jesus was born, and her fitness for the high calling of motherhood surely can be taken for granted.

It is not difficult to picture that home with Mary as the homemaker, preparing the meals, keeping the simple house in order, nursing the children through all the ailments of childhood, and counseling with her husband, Joseph, the carpenter, who no doubt taught his sons his trade and impressed upon them the virIn preparation for the next visit of tues of hard work and the dignity of manual labor.

the ward teachers, it is hoped that We may conclude from the Savior's knowledge of the scriptures that Mary and Joseph implanted firmly each family will read, as a part of in the minds of their children the stories and teachtheir family hour, this stirring artiings from the word of God. The parents belonged to

cle. It is one of a series in which a scripturereading people. The Old Testament, all

of which was available to Mary and Joseph, supplied

General Authorities, in cooperation a firm basis for morality. The scriptures* ancient and

with the Presiding Bishopric, discuss modern, when read in the home, are a safeguard against infidelity and skepticism. They inspire men the monthly ward teaching topics.

Family Hour Discussion Topic

and women with an abiding faith in God to sustain pointed parents, and in manifestations of criminality them through the journey of life. which are so widespread and flagrant.

The conquest of poverty and the economic wellWhat is the answer to a condition so threatening being of the family begin in the home. There is no and disheartening? Is it not a home life centered

grander spectacle than that of a young man and around spiritual ideals and standards, such as that woman joining hands in holy wedlock, earnestly facestablished by the pioneers who made settlements in ing the battle of life, building a home, providing the the "midst of the Rocky Mountains"and who laid ordinary comforts, and organizing their efforts tothe foundation for growth and stability? A spiritual

wards the goal set ahead. To them belong the fruits concept of the family must be restored with the father

of victory and success. Frugality is their watchword. as the head of the home.

The problem of income and outgo is always a chalIt was under conditions of family disintegration lenge. The proper and successful management of the that Jesus delivered his strong condemnation of dihome eventually becomes the responsibility of the vorce. The marriage union is sacred to him. Husentire family. Cooperation and careful planning are band and wife belong to each other, and the implidesirable and necessary. "Extravagance lengthens cation of an eternal relationship is clear. Both are

the hours,"said Calvin Coolidge, "and diminishes the expected to observe the same standards.

rewards of labor."These teachings are basic to our understanding of

Events during the past few decades have moved the purpose of the home. How can we perpetuate

along with marvelous rapidity. It has been an age that purpose?

of reckless spending. We have been buying luxuries Today the world is growing increasingly complex.

and comforts as never before. There are those who Changes are rapid and farreaching. Highly techniare trying desperately to outflaunt their neighbors and cal methods of communication in some respects are

friends regardless of the means at their disposal. The complicating the communication in the home. Telepassion for display and pleasure threatens the home, vision, radio, and the movies are competing for the

disrupts family ties, and casts aside the fundamental attention of the youth. In the face of such compevirtues of honesty, thrift, and industry. tition it is sometimes difficult to keep the simple relaThrift is one of the outstanding needs of the Ameritionships open in the family.

can home. It provides for the future and protects the As technical progress continues, the task becomes

family or the individual against emergencies that may greater. The speed of events, the diversified interests

prove disastrous and overwhelming. A program of and pulls, and the modern distractions on the family,

thrift and industry will inspire confidence, create initiaeven when it is physically together, are creating tive, and will, most surely, develop character. Thrift stresses and strains on family unity.

is essential to our financial and economic wellbeing. Children are facing the realistic danger of knowing

The home is not only the unit of civilized society; their parents less today (Continued on page 602)

it is also the heart of civilization. As the oldest institution in the world, it has provided the framework

for all human governments. The family is the product

of the home. From a deep sense of family obligation

come the strongest incentives for welldoing, honesty, Elder Alma Sonne sobriety, and good conduct. But in these modern wasandbornwasin Logan,reared Utah,on a

times in which we live family life is deteriorating, Cache Valley farm. A banker

and marital antagonisms are increasing. The sanctity importantby profession,roles inhethehasbusinessplayed

of the marriage covenant is being discounted and and agricultural life of northern ignored. In many places the religious background Utah.England.He filledHe wasa missioncalled asin

has entirely disappeared, and marriage vows are made an Assistant to the Council of thoughtlessly and irreverently. The results are aptheHe TwelvereturnedintoAprilEurope1941.as

parent in the divorce courts and in broken homes, president of the Eurofollowing pean Missions disrupted families, undisciplined children, disapWorld War II.

AUGUST 1958 595 The Presiding

Bishopric 9s

:::-:-:-:-:-::v:':::>.:v:>:.:y::-,:-:

Page

:;::?tt;:-.-fe:;:::i::;

Senior Members MORE VISITS TO WARDS

NEEDED BY STAKE COMMITTEE HOPES AND FEARS MOTIVATE SENIOR MEMBERS In a recent survey, we were alarmed to learn that 43.02 percent of stake committees for Aaronic PriestThere are various oppositions that tend to keep hood Under 21 averaged fewer than one visit a ward

senior members of the Aaronic Priesthood from being a month. In some instances, the average indicated

active in the Church. Group advisers should tactthat wards were being neglected as long as six

fully apply strong motivating forces to override these months.

oppositions. We respectfully urge stake committees not visiting,

The two general emotional forces that move people on an average, each ward each month, to review this to action are hope for reward and fear of punishment. part of their assigned responsibilities and to take imThe Lord assures us that the law of compensation mediate action to bring their stakes up to at least

is at work in the world. the minimum number of visits recommended.

"Whatever principle of intelligence we attain unto Bishoprics and their ward leaders need this asin this life, it will rise with us in the resurrection. sistance from the stake committee and the program

"And if a person gains more knowledge and intellisuffers when they are denied such help.

gence in this life through his diligence and obedience than another, he will have so much the advantage in the world to come.

"There is a law, irrevocably decreed in heaven LOOKING IN ON before the foundations of this world, upon which all A QUORUM ADVISER blessings are predicated—

"And when we obtain any blessing from God, it is A young deacon had been urged by his quorum by obedience to that law upon which it is predicated."adviser to attend Sacrament meeting as one of the

(D & C 130:1821.) requirements for the individual Aaronic Priesthood

It is thus apparent that we can't be cheated. We award. The advice was presented in a very effective

will be rewarded for obedience, and suffering will manner. But there was a puzzled look on the deainvariably follow our transgressions. This law of con's face.

compensation brought to the conscious attention of When the lecture was ended, the deacon inquired senior members, will be a great stimulus in helping of his quorum adviser, "If you had to attend Sacrathem to be active in the Church. ment meeting 75 percent of the time as I do, would

Group advisers who make their assigned group you qualify for the award?"

members aware of the rich rewards and blessings The deacon had rarely seen his quorum adviser in that result from obedience to gospel principles, and Sacrament meeting.

the void and sorrow that come from disobedience For each young man who asks such a question, will reach their objectives. The work of group adthere may be scores who merely wonder. Quorum

visers is to reveal to men their desires and how to obadvisers will find that the right example in leadership tain them; and their fears and how to escape them. is infinitely more effective than words alone.

596 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA STUDY GUIDE FOR WARD TEACHERS the home by having them share in the everyday tasks

SEPTEMBER 1958 of the home; (6) teach them to be industrious and to

avoid indolence; and, (7) educate them in the prinPerpetuating the Purpose of the Home ciples of thrift and frugality.

Home is the abode of man. It is of divine origin

and is, therefore, a sacred institution. The home has INTRODUCTION OF STUDY GUIDE

long been recognized, as the foundation of community FOR OCTORER 1958 and nation. Through the facilities of the home all "Be Slow to Anger'

the virtues of a noble society are preserved. The

human race is perpetuated; the foundations of character are laid; industry is promoted; wealth is

accumulated; art is cultivated; and religion is mainAaronic Priesthood Under 21

tained. Home training is the factor that determines

the future of most men. In homes where high ideals THE CALLING OF THE

are maintained, parents and not teachers lay the "QUORUM ADVISER"foundation of character, the principles of thrift, and faith in God in the hearts of their children. In the Aaronic Priesthood program for young men

Present civilization is a product of the home, the 12 to 21 years of age we have "quorum advisers"to school, and the Church. Of these three agencies the teach priesthood lessons and to look out for quorum

home is by far the most important. McCirtloch in members needing attention—these leaders are not

his book, "Home the Savior of Civilization,"has this called "teachers"in this program. We have often

to say, "Of all the factors that enter into the environbeen asked why such officers are called "quorum ment of a child, or of anyone else for that matter, the advisers"instead of "teachers."

home is by far the most powerful, so much so, that The answer is obvious: if we had nothing in mind

one may say that home either makes or mars charfor such a person besides the teaching of a quorum acter. The child from the day of his birth, for at lesson each week, we would call him the quorum

least twelve years, is so dominated by the influences "teacher."However, teaching the lesson, while imof the home, whether good or evil, that he is abportant, is far from being the whole responsibility of

solutely helpless to resist them."A definite responsisuch appointee.

bility rests upon parents to provide the influences The "quorum adviser"is expected to advise with of the ideal home. and counsel each member of his quorum as personal

From the time this Church ivas organized, home needs arise: He is expected to visit with each quorum

building has been one of its major objectives. The member in the home, meet his parents and other

home according to our belief, if properly established, members of the family: He is expected to be a "big

is a permanent institution that will endure throughout brother"to each quorum member, ever solicitous of the eternities. Evil farces are at work undermining his temporal and spiritual welfare, helping him to

and threatening to weaken the sanctuary of the home. guard his habits, to think correctly, to behave propIf the training a child should receive in the home is erly: He is to share in the youthful problems of

neglected, the Church and the school can in no way young men and assist in their solutions: He is to

compensate for the loss. Parents should endeavor to teach, counsel, advise, visit, observe, understand, and

live in compliance with the divine admonition, love each young man under his direction: He is to

"And they shall also teach their children to pray, spend most of his leadership time in the "second and to walk uprightly before the Lord."(D & C. mile,"beyond expediency, beyond a lesson period

68:28.) each week, as far beyond average needs of the inIf parents are to achieve this goal successfully, the dividual as personal needs may require.

following are some of the fundamentals that should This is the work of a "quorum adviser"; these are

receive attention in training of children in the home: some of the reasons why he is called a "quorum ad-

( 1 ) implant in their hearts faith in God; ( 2 ) conviser"instead of being called a "teacher."

stantly emphasize the necessity for living on a high We do not minimize the importance of the moral plane, thus safeguarding virtue and chastity; "teacher."We simply prefer to call the secondmile

(3) train them to be obedient and law abiding; (4) teacher a "quorum adviser"to emphasize the overemphasize honesty in dealing with their fellow men; view of his responsibilities and leadership opportuni-

(5) instil in them a desire to accept responsibility in ties.

AUGUST 1958 597 Third of the Series So That's What Boys Are Made Of

The "Me"Stage (Continued)

by W. Cleon Skousen

Chief of Police, Salt Lake City

The Facts of Life "They grow them in a special place which God made for growing babies. It is a warm, pleasant place

Most new parents assume that when Junior gets not far from the mother's heart."

to be an adolescent they will have a nice long talk Many months later he will want to know how the with him about the facts of life. They feel comfortbaby got into this special place, and he is usually

able in the thought that this task is still a long way satisfied when he is told that the baby grows from off. This will account for the apoplectic reaction of a tiny cell that was part of the mother already. He

a friend of ours who was recently in the process of may return in a few more months to ask, "But how shaving when his bright little fouryear-old came is the baby born?"Unless he is seven or eight, it is

walking into the bathroom and said, "Daddy, how do usually best to simply say that a special passage is we get babies?"Our friend said it was a good thing provided when it is time for the baby to be born.

he wasn't shaving with a straight edge. He looked However, older children respond to a chart or illusdown into the innocent little upturned face and said, tration in the family "doctor book"showing the

"Oh, no, Son. Not so soon!"marvelous mechanics of human birth.

But our doctor tells us this is all very normal. He Somewhere along the line there will be questions

says that between three and six, children have a genuabout the place of the father. The fact that the baby

ine sexual awakening, and it involves both physical will not start to grow until the mother and father and emotional responses. It is the age when they share their love with each other is usually sufficient

become very curious about themselves, about the in the beginning. Later on a youngster can begin to

opposite sex, and eventually, about babies. Hence appreciate the naturalness of marital relations as the

the doctor suggests four rules: "highest expression of love between a mother and

1. Be very matterof-fact about it. father."Once more the family doctor book will be

2. Do not tell too much and do not excite more helpful, but terminology should be scientific rather

curiosity with provocative answers. than colloquial, and the entire matter should be

3. Use accurate scientific terminology when retreated in a very casual, matterof-fact way. This is

ferring to physical processes. certainly the time to stress the sacredness of the

4. Give the child the feeling that you will be glad human body and to emphasize the necessity of showto discuss this subject with him whenever he has a ing respect and love for that future sweetheart whom

question. Junior will someday marry by keeping himself circumMany good books are available for parents which spect and not sharing himself with anyone until after

suggest ways and means of explaining this important his marriage.

part of life. All the authorities agree that the simple, With a little forethought, all of these problems

direct approach is best. can be handled in a delicate but highly satisfactory

When a fouryear-old asks "where babies come manner for all concerned.

from,"it is simple curiosity requiring a simple explanation, "Babies? Oh, they come from their Portrait of a FiveYear Old

mothers."By the time Junior is five he has usually discovered

"But how do mothers grow babies?"that he doesn't have to fight his parents in order to

598 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PNss get their love and attention. Therefore he levels off The Criminal Psychopath

considerably. Once more the tide begins to ebb. He In some homes a real tragedy occurs at this stage

may still suck his thumb occasionally (when he is through reckless and unsympathetic treatment of a under tension or lonely), and he might even wet the youngster. A harassed parent may express by word

bed sometimes. But his appetite should be picking or action that Junior is a nuisance. If a child ever

up considerably and his tendency to get up in the gets the idea that he is disliked or unwanted, there can be serious trouble ahead for his parents, himself, and the entire community. This is the foundation for

the socalled "rejected personality."

A rejected person goes through life trying to retaliate by getting even. The vast majority of the criminal

population in our jails and prisons are individuals of this type who have normal brains and bodies but who are at odds with the world. They fight life and

therefore become their own worst enemies. Psychologically they are highly susceptible to "escape devices"like alcoholism and narcotic addiction. They

are called criminal psychopaths.

Under careful psychoanalysis most of them can trace their soured, curdled personalities to a period in early childhood when they somehow got the idea that they had been completely rejected. If this had

been quickly corrected, such people may have never had to go through life as twisted, tormented, and deformed personalities.

The needs of a child during the "Me"stage are therefore much more important than many have assumed. Neglect or mistreatment at this age may lay

the foundation for sixtyfive years of existence as a human misfit with its trailing sorrows of drunkenness, divorce, dissoluteness, and crime.

Developing a Philosophy oj Discipline

Having emphasized the necessity for love and affection, let us now say a word about discipline.

Discipline and love are teammates. Either one without the other is a monstrosity. If there has been any

one single weakness in the structure of American society which stands out above all others, it is our failure to apply sound principles of discipline. This

is particularly true in the social structure of the night and wander around the house will usually disapAmerican family.

pear. Recently a prominent judge began to ask why it

This is a good time to assure Junior that he is an was that many European countries had very little important part of the family. He especially likes to juvenile delinquency. In those countries poverty is

go out with his parents, engage in a lot of rough and rampant, the standard of living low, contagion for tumble play, and every so often receive a good dose crime is everywhere, yet the families are able to hold of TLC (tender loving care). He likes to curl up in their children in check.

his mother's lap as if he were a tiny baby. Usually The judge came to the conclusion that the magic

it will not last long, and when he has had enough, element which had made this possible was authority he will scoot away with a newly won sense of inin the family. Therefore, he wrote, "Let's put father

dependence which in this case means he feels a back at the head of the home."This doesn't mean

it simply makeswarm sense of security and selfconfidence. that the father becomes a dictator—

600 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA him the president of the firm. In harmony with this 2. Be sure the child knows why the punishment is

basic idea other principles necessarily apply: being given.

1. Reasonable standards of conduct are laid down 3. Be sure it is applied where Mother Nature seems

and agreed upon. to have intended it.

2. Firm and consistent enforcement of these stand- 4. Get your own emotions under control so the

ards is made the rule. spanking is not harsh or abusive.

3. Within the framework of these disciplinary It is suggested that discipline not include pinching

boundaries copious quantities of affection and love or slapping where a deserved spanking releases tenabound. sions, pinching or slapping increases them.

Now, the question arises, how do we keep the activities of the family within the boundaries we have The FiveYear-Old Profile set up? Experience teaches us that love alone will Before leaving our fiveyear-old let us summarize

do it ninety percent of the time. But what about the a few final facts. Physically, he is poised. He is

other ten percent? That is where we strike a culvery attached to his mother and seldom leaves home

tural vacuum. For more than two generations we to visit the surrounding neighborhood as he liked to

have promoted the idea that love should also be the do at fourand-onehalf. He is aware of so many new

cure for those who smash down the barriers of the things that he has nightmares about animals or "bad family or of society. Authorities are beginning to men."Even in the daytime he says he is afraid somefeel that this is where we made our mistake. Obthing might happen to his mama. He may get

viously something is wrong when the American juve- a lot of comfort from a doll or stuffed animal. Even

nile crime rate is skyrocketing to a level which is setthough he is still in the "Me"stage, he makes a very ting a world record. Authorities are beginning to ask special effort to be a "good"boy and please his

parents to recognize that discipline means restraint—mother. His willingness to try and get along makes

gentle restraint where possible, firm restraint where this a good time to start kindergarten. Usually it is

necessary. For nearly two generations this has been a smooth adjustment.

missing from our way of life and society is beginning to pay a terrible toll. Portrait of a SixYear-Old

Keeping this in mind, let us take a look at a child Now that we are accustomed to the tidal pattern of in the "Me"stage. It will be recalled that during the human development, we know six should be another

"Age of No Reason"—from one to three, the doctor period of dynamics. It is! In fact, this period of growth

said we should try to rock along with Junior and resembles the month of March—it comes in like

help him establish his selfconfidence. However, a lamb and goes out like a lion. The transition from

when we reach the "Me"stage the doctor says reafive is smooth, but then we begin to see some rather sonable standards of conduct should begin to be set swift changes. Junior loses his milk teeth, and the first

up. This seems fine until our fouryear-old suddenly permanent molars pop in. His body chemistry

decides to smash them down. Now let us turn to a changes. It leaves him rather frail for awhile and

competent psychologist for help. He will probably very susceptible to infectious diseases. In matters

come forth with a few simple rules of applied disciof behavior he seems under compulsion to go to expline: tremes. He is a crybaby—but sometimes will burst

1. Be sure the rule is reasonable for a child of that out laughing in the middle of a good cry. In a conage. test or game he always has to win. He is a poor

2. Be sure he understands it and realizes there loser and becomes very quarrelsome under any kind

is a penalty for deliberate violations. of social pressure. He tries on and lays aside many

3. Make one or two allowances for a possible lapse moods. He lives in such a world of extremes that he

of memory but caution him concerning the future. constantly demonstrates that human beings are "a

4. If another violation occurs shortly thereafter, bundle of opposites"—hope and fear, joy and pain,

always apply the expected discipline. selfishness and altruism, helpfulness and laziness.

The sixyear-old is easily frightened. He has many

What about Spankings? imaginary fears and little tolerance for "horror"movies

The next question is whether or not family discior bizarre stories. In order to go to sleep he may have

pline should include an oldfashioned spanking once to have a flashlight under his pillow or have his door in a while. More and more parents are beginning to left open so he can see the light from the hall.

find that it has remarkable therapeutic qualities. If Since Junior will be in the first grade this year, we

it is used, here are some suggestions: can expect some problems in deportment. He may

1. Reserve it for exceptionally serious situations. be one of those who is (Continued on page 613)

AUGUST 1958 601 Perpetuating the Purpose task as if it were theirs alone, as if good family life and grow up feeling of the Home therehelp werethem. no Withsubstantialthat viewpointagency to thatstrengththe andhomelove,is anda sanctuarythe purposeof

parents can take nothing for granted, of the home will be perpetuated (Continued) than children of and whatever is added outside the from generation to generation. Our

past generations. Only studied and home adds that much more to the examples today are the roots of toserious effort can keep the frayed virtues and love taught in the fammorrow's homes.

line of family communication from ily circle. The home depends upon the

breaking. It is not that parents may Home building and homemaking Church and the priesthood for surnot be conscientious and good, but are important to the growth of parvival as an eternal institution. The

their drive to communicate this ents as well as children. When parmarriage covenant for time and all

goodness and personal integrity to ents are with their children, they eternity is solemnized through and their children may be lost in the are usually at their best. In a parby the Holy Priesthood. To be

competitive struggle for their chilent's desire to be an example, he eligible for this eternal relationship dren's attention. grows accordingly. Then love exparents and children must prove

Parents who work and who are pands out of the kindnesses and unthemselves worthy by keeping all preoccupied with social and business derstanding that such a relationship the commandments. The home, the

activities are at a critical disadvancultivates. Children help parents, Church, and the quorums of the

tage in this communication chaland parents help children in their priesthood are a unit in providing lenge. It can become tempting to mutual development. It is a divine the ways and means for exaltation

take the "easier path"and to procycle. As parents love them more, in the celestial kingdom. The percrastinate the family responsibilities. children respond to that love and petuity of the home and the family

The weary decision that "I can wait store up in the well of their characcomes as a result of clean living, until tomorrow"may be fatal. Toters the ideals that will guide them honorable conduct before God and

morrow will come and go and with as parents in their future homes. man, a demonstration of faith in the

it could come and go the ties to In other words, if parents set the true and living God and in the rechildren. pattern in their own homes, it bestored gospel of Jesus Christ, and by

Family responsibilities begin with comes a pattern that can be perobserving all the laws and ordiparents. These responsibilities canpetuated in the homes of their nances pertaining to the plan of

not be shifted to the school or to the children. In this way children will life and salvation. There is no other

Church. Parents must assume their learn the techniques and ideals of way.

Your Question shall be their doom; and the whole A Truly Good Teacher

heavens shall weep over them, even (Continued) it could not be all the workmanship of mine hands; (Continued) ture. Neither the

passed. It was this great gulf that wherefore should not the heavens teacher nor the student may desigour Savior bridged when he went weep, seeing these shall suffer? nate its exact outcome or anticipate

to the spirits in prison. President "But behold, these which thine its importance. The teacher motiJoseph F. Smith's vision of the reeyes are upon shall perish in the vates and energizes the mental

demption of the dead is in perfect floods; and behold, I will shut them capacity, challenges the curiosity,

harmony with this parable. Christ up; a prison have I prepared for teaches selfconfidence and love of

did not go to the imprisoned wicked them. truth. He may not know where it

spirits. He declared his message to "And that [i.e. Christ] which I will lead, but he knows it is not in

those who were worthy. Then he have chosen hath plead before my vain if he has inspired one of God's

organized his forces and commisface. Wherefore, he suffereth for children.

sioned his faithful servants to cross their sins; inasmuch as they will rethe gulf and take the message to pent in the day that my Chosen The inspiring story of the Good

shall return unto me, and until angiven sat in darkness. that Samaritanthose by Jesus in was who

7 shall in torment."day they be question, lawyer's is further swer to a "And light thrown on There

this question in the vision given to who is my neighbour?"(Luke

Enoch when the Lord appeared to 10:29.) As people have pondered

him. FOR EVERY CHILD the answer for 1900 years, some con-

"Wherefore, I can stretch forth structive ideas have been impressed mine hands and hold all the creaby Grace V. Watkins into their minds. An appropriate

tions which I have made; and mine story illustrates and clarifies ideas

eye can pierce them also, and among For every child, abundant bread, in a way that sometimes makes them all the workmanship of mine hands A bowl of milk, a clean white bed, even more valuable than the actual there has not been so great wickedDeep roots within a wellloved experience itself. Helpful thoughts

ness as among thy brethren. place, must first be clear, and then they

"But behold, their sin shall be The comfort of a listening face, can be stamped deeper and deeper upon the heads of their fathers; SaAnd every twilight time, the fair into our minds to become more effectan shall be their father, and misery And cleansing holiness of prayer. tive in their influence.

602 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA wuess what the boy with that "hollow feeling"

finds good, and good for him!

/ i

nabiscoHONBY GRAHAMS Nabisco SUGAR Honey Grancinns THE Available in oneand twopound packages

because they're made with rich graham flour and pure honey! What a wholesome way to "fill up"

hungry pantryraiders! Nabisco Sugar Honey Grahams,

GRAHAMS snapThe perfectinto bitesizebetweenhalves- meal (lesssnack.crumbs).NabiscoWrapsscoresthemthemin to3

InEr-Seal wax packets for lasting crispness. Get some today.

NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY

AUGUST 1958 603 Sight is Precious To keep learning...

Light Costs Little Richard L. Evans

Last week we cited this quoted sentence: "The

grand essentials to happiness in this life are someTHE thing to do, something to love, and something to for."like SPOKEN hope today to add 3 And we should WORD

learn. to it another element: to something We

are not living a static life, as suggested by this sentence from an unknown source: "If you were graduated yesterday, and have

learned nothing today, you will be uneducated tomorrow."- In

looking at learning, past and present, it is sobering to consider PLAN how much change there has been; how few textbooks, for example,

in technical subjects. Sometimes young people lose faith, or beLIGHT from which we were once taught, have since survived, especially

for latercome learnconfused,that becausewhat theyof somelost theorytheir faithor supposedfor has finding,since beenand

all faith real for little reason. to learning. have keep "We We LIVING abandoned or modified by further findings—and so they lost their

.."3 shall see shall never the time not taught. need to be when we

Live Better AdultsAll peoplehavein allto professionskeep learninghavelongto keepafterlearningthey haveor theyleftwillschool.soon

Electrically findthinksthemselvesbecause hefarhasbehind.a label,Andbecauseanyonehe haswho,acquiredat commencement,credits and

credentials, he can now relax and wait for things to come his way, with FULL HOUSEPOWER has thought what simply isn't so. Commencement means being

about to begin and to prove that what he has learned can help

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. him be profitable and productive, not forgetting the great investment that parents and others have in him, and not forgetting also

to pay some part of his debt to the past. Smugness in learning,

conceit in learning, is never becoming to anyone. We must confaith, to truth, humility. a simple stantly keep and a mind open "BANQUETMASTER"principles, of of standards, of the keeping a framework THE NEW LIGHT WEIGHT Within

FOLDING BANQUET TABLE commandments, we need to keep a flexibility in our lives for the for Designed today's beautiful

Churches Schools continued revealing of truth, for the further finding of facts.

Cafes Private Homes "... Something to do, something to love, something to hope for"1

and something always to learn. "We shall never see the time

when we shall not need to be taught."3

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Columbia Broadcasting System, June 1, 1958, Copyright 1958.

Made in the West by (See >age 619 for footnotes.)

L.D.S. workmen.

BISHOPS—Before you buy, compare Banquetmasters for quality of material and

workmanship, beauty of design. Low

cost—only $22.66 freight paid.

Satisfaction Guaranteed Sample table sent for your inspection.

Write or telephone collect JA 2-660T.

D. H. LOOSLI CO., INC.

Idaho Falls, Idaho LAW ON THE LAND You Travel Best when by Elinor Lennen you arrange your Men test the wind judicially that first

Travel with Had tested stamina of flesh and mind:

Drouth for their fields, and for their bodies, thirstFranklin J. Murdock But, unconvinced, they search again to find

TRAVEL AGENT Oasis in the desert of their days.

torrents silver skies of brass? from come Can

A WorldWide rfOgLSy&fc will obeys is the the final law Hope

Travel Service After all earlier dominions pass.

51 North State Street Salt Lake City, Utah Dial Davis 2-1129

604 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Not since TCP such an important gasoline advance!

NEW CONOCO ROYAL with TCP/f/us At last! A gasoline that protects as it powers!

First in history to combine exclusive oilplating action with TCP*...to boost power

as it cuts wear as it increases mileage!

OUR PLEDGE TO YOU: To give you prompt, friendly,

expert service... Conoco Royal Service

... so that you'll always get that HOTTEST

Royal Feeling when you drivel BRAND

GOING! *Trademark owned and patent applied for by Shell Oil Company. i 195S, Continental Oit Company

AUGUST 1958 605 Adventure in Mexico At last when we were within four was impossible to sit at this altior five hundred feet of the crater, tude because of the extreme inclinaus.(Continued) forced were We ice. on, I felt the of tion Struggling of a burst enthusiasm. sudden weto slit squint to eyes our a to escape finally set effort forth I rewarded with were renewed and when wegoing snowblind.

of zeal. in over the bodies our rim passed heaved even Juarez my struggled higher, As we found we for lay last gasping the feet volcano. proved hundred These few Weit to impossible straight proceed up all. of before several minutes to had the arduous most be we Wethe mountainside, as an avalanche to surroundings. steps survey take our energy then a would and few

allhad swept footholds away.

It the ice panting. amazingly axes within over our hang It was warm

like ants icePerched on an cream cone, we began to follow a diagonal zig zag course and managed to make headway. By now, it seemed as if

we had been climbing for half the day and night. My muscles knotted,

aching, and my legs seemed encased in buckets of cement.

discouragingly advance Our was the simple slow, and inched upward, I Marriage—and as we

realized why the climbing season was restricted between October 1 doing of duty and January 1. During October,

November and December, "Popo's"mantle of ice is enveloped in a thick Richard L. Evans

layer of soft snow, providing safe footing; but in March, the snow has We have talked not infrequently before of what

packed into a brittle crust which goes into the making of a marriage: of love and

is easily broken. Every step we THE loyalty, of trust and confidence, of patience and

took caused chunks of ice to crumSPOKEN faith, of character and encouragement, of kindness

WORD and consideration, and of the importance of comble. One slip from this level would

be calamitous, with nothing to halt mon convictions, common background and belief—and of the

a plummeting body. desirability of marriage, its advantages, benefits, and blessings:

Juarez told me of a tragic climbthe family, the sense of belonging, the solid and satisfying associaing accident which had occurred the tion. With all of this as background, it would seem that we should

previous year, where one of his also say some few things most sincerely concerning the doing of closest friends had become faint just plain duty. Duty isn't a word that is always quite comfortable

from the altitude and had fallen or convenient. But the free and easy making of marriages, and

from halfway up on the ice blanket. the free and easy undoing of them by divorce, suggest, for the

He tumbled and rolled all the way sake of all concerned—for children, country, community, for

down the mountainside. When the family and friends—for ourselves and for our eternal future

rest of the party reached him at the (and for selfrespect as well as for a quiet conscience)—that we

bottom, there wasn't a whole bone should say some things concerning the simple doing of duty. Conin his body. The buffeting had tracts aren't always convenient. Commitments of any kind aren't

literally pounded him to a pulp! always convenient, including covenants, debts, obligations or honor.

With this story fresh in my mind, But if easily we were to shed our obligations and contracts, and

I proceeded with utmost caution. commitments, it would seem that nothing much could be counted

By now the cold was almost unon. Marriage is a commitment of all that we are, of ourselves,

a commitment wonderfully well worth itbearable, and it was torture to our family, our future—

are character there kindness understanding and and and when air.breathe the face and hands My

of consideration, of purpose oneness and harmony and background stiff, I andwere and was numb it belief. tugof-war, a a cold a war, and becomes But when to restore toforced feeling them

all apart, pulling sincerely of better thing concerned examine had placing hands under armby my my it see to will for look themselves the save and what—commitment

pits to time, then time from masto obligations includes sacred covenants of marriage solemn and saging my face with my warmed ourselves, to society, to children, to family, and to the everlastinghands.

future. failure or insubstantial for reasons to shallow any And

as Intermittently abated, the winds contracts sacred covenants keep and might and commandments sun's rising spasin the reveledwe solid satisfying not or face very the seem and when Judge we of contrast warmth.modic The is self, of selfwilled Father thing of of or us all. Happiness not a

vivid sky and dazzling snow was selfishness, or of mere pleasure, or personal convenience, or passing unfortunatelybreathtaking but is—a I preference, to of byproduct but doing ought what do we

appreciate to too spent it comwas to be. aside ought all the other of being what from and And we

Ipletely. could, it seemed Try as essentials, simple, sincere every the marriage of duty, needs doing

impossible to quench my thirsty for stability, for respect, and for happiness at home.

lungs; and I fatigued myself further

by gulping in massive droughts of "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the rarefied oxygen, to no avail. Columbia Broadcasting System, June 8, 1958, Copyright 1958.

606 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA is one of the great universities of the world. Its students of

high moral character and scholarship come from every state in the union and 32 foreign countries to study on this fastgrowing, beautiful campus, equipped with the finest facilities and staffed with an adequate faculty well trained in 85 universities and colleges.

But there is a PLUS at this great university

It provides spiritual growth in addition to the academic and physical, and retains all the friendliness and personal attention of the small college. Plan NOW to attend. For information write to Public Relations Department,

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY Provo Utah

AUGUST 1958 607 crater itself; and even though the I clambered a few yards down the was so rigorous that many natives

frigid wind raged all around the crater to pick up some unusual died, and the rest suffered damage mouth of the volcano, we soon were volcanic specimens. As I did so, to their hearts and bodies from exthawed out. It was like entering my head began to swim from inposure and strain. After this epi-

a sheltered ShangriLa from the haling the acrid vapors. I quickly sode, "Popo"was not scaled for

cold outside world. snatched up a handful of the colormore than three hundred years, so

Finally, with immense effort, I ful rock and returned to where far as is known, until Mexico was stood up and glanced about. My Juarez was setting out some cold freed from Spain in 1827.

first impression was that I had sudtortillas for our lunch. My body As Juarez talked, the ground

denly been transported to Dante's craved rest and oxygen much more trembled and rumbled underneath

Inferno. My head whirled and than food, but I sat beside him anyus, and I realized "Popo"was far

throbbed, and I saw everything in way and began to munch on the from extinct. There have been ten

a dizzy haze. In this condition it corn meal cakes. He related some major eruptions since the time of

was not hard for me to imagine I interesting traditions about "Popo."Cortez, and the eleventh is long

was in the infernal regions so vividly He told me that the first known inoverdue. I couldn't help feeling

depicted in Dante's immortal poem. dividual to scale the volcano was one apprehensive when a shower of

The rugged sides of the crater glisof Cortez'captains, who performed rocks slid from the wall of the tened with yellow, sulphurous inthe feat despite the warnings of the crater and splashed into the tiny crustations intermingled with outnatives. They had reportedly inemerald lake.

croppings of black volcanic slag, in formed him that no mortal could After taking one last look at our vivid contrast to the sparkling white climb the mountain and survive, but bewitching surroundings, Juarez and patches of snow. Great fissures in undaunted by such ominous admoni- I took deep breaths and began the

the sloping crater,, emitted pungent tions, the heroic captain successlong downward trek. It was a

sulphur fumes. Other vents spewed fully completed the ascent and ticklish business descending the ice

forth mists which swirled around reported to his leader. cap, and we moved cautiously. Once

the gaping pit, creating a thousand He described the great masses of we had negotiated the slick, icy weird shadows and variegated brimstone in the crater, with the crust and reached the ash line, our colors. At the bottom lay a mysresult that Cortez is supposed to progress was swift and even fun. I

terious miniature pond of bright have forced hundreds of Indians to found that I could make tremendous green water which bubbled and labor in accumulating a supply of leaps downward, and when I struck, steamed in constant effervescence. sulphur for gunpowder. The work it was much like skiing, with the

Wire Rope

Wire

Industrial Wire Cloth Heavy and Special Steel Items and Space Screens

o3EB Springs6 and Welded Wire THE COLORADO FUEL AND IRON CORPORATION Formed Wires

Fabric Salt Lake City Sales Office: 212 West 13th South Street

Metal Processing Beits Rails and Fasteners Hardware Products and Realock Chain Link Fence

Wire Products for Farm and Ranch <S244

608 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

i *

'jk,0fb,

II i I Ml r rS #-

Ha*'-* 'V Jfr iMiw

FULLER'S SPECTACULAR NEW HOUSE PAINT to your homeAdds at least 2 extrayears ofpaint beauty

Revolutionary new kind of paint for wood! Gives your home a fresh new painted

look for 2 years longer than the finest paint you've ever used! Holds its colors, HERE'S HOW NEW FULLER HOUSE PAINT

holds its gloss for years! Spreads faster, easier than the best of them! Dries hours COMPARES WITH THE FINEST PAINT

sooner! And costs no more than ordinary house paint YOU'VE EVER USED

THERE'S NEVER BEEN A PAINT astonishing new kind of paint. As the numFinesthousetraditionalpaint HouseNew FullerPaint

LIKE IT BEFORE... ber of these testpainted homes grew...

fresh, resist rigorous Keeps Can new original there are in today formula hundreds developed and The was of them at least appearance weather General Western Fuller's tested, 1951. watched, chemists years. longer than only 2 years a few com-... appearance:

finest house the pared. Fuller chemists, through knowhow and paint.

continuous research, found that by comRESULTS WERE PHENOMENAL bining certain materials, to "miracle"lose glossy lustre glossy Keeps new Fuller Paint every House met rigorous test GIOSS: Starts after for years. appearance exterior they could produce an

first months. few paint so of... weather wear it outperformed and

resistant to wear, so amazingly superior in the finest house paints.

it every that finest way made even the because of 7-year this tremendous Colors: Startsabout 6tomonths.fade after Keepsness forcoloryears.brighthouse oldfashioned paint seem comToday, by

Fuller field experience, this can offer you parison.

paint, revolutionary house without new with Readily stained Cannot be rust of America's largest chemical laboraTwo nails, stained, White: rust from qualification, as FINEST THE HOUSE gutters, etc. screens, tories tested these findings. and confirmed BUY. CAN PAINT YOU

FULLER WANTED TO BE SURE If you're going to paint... get 2 extra Goes on fast and Goes on faster and

field Fuller's into the went Out men. for years Homes of beauty... your home at no Application: easy. easierhouse paint.than finest

the all over this were painted West with extra cost! Fuller Paint! Get new House

W. P. FULLER & CO. At least 6 hours; Dries dust free in as

Drying: target for dust, little as 2 hours.

leaves, fog, rain. Rain won't harm it.

ssa m < Forpreferred,stucco usesurfacesthe famouswhere aFulColorflat finishExis

MM terior Latex Paint. 42 beautiful colors.

ipf Goes on so easy and smooth that this man So durable, so weatherresistant that it will FULLER side in its the wholecovered color brightness of a house glossy less keep and lustre PAINTS GLASS regular paintthan 4 hours. house longer 2 years than the finest With paint you've

he'd have done much less. ever used! 42 beautiful colors.

same exhilaration. Glissading along

in this manner, we reached the base SAVE in a surprisingly rapid descent.

The sun was high in the heavens when we returned to the little shack from which we had set out. with the FINEST We basked in the warm sun, soaking up energy and heat. My one

thought now was how to return to

Mexico City almost fifty miles away; NEW ALLWEATHER so after indulging in several minutes

of luxurious repose, we started hikMotor Oil ingupontothetheroad,dirtwehighway.followed itComingdownward until we reached a brick and

cement monument erected to the his of Cortez of and band SAVE memoryadventurers. at this spot It was

Gasoline that the Spanish explorer first—up to 2 extra gallons glimpsed the city he had come to conquer.

from a Hours later, having returned part tankful of gasoline way on a bucking pile of logs in a '29 Ford truck, and the rest of the SUPER distance in a truck full of people and assorted barn yard animals, I SAVE

Motor Oil joinedbefore stoppingmy anxiousat aparents,local restaurantbut not clothes to shake free of dust and my—up to 88% more

thick layer the wash of grime from miles per quart my hands and face. I weighed myself on the way to our hotel and

SAVE thandiscoveredjust fiftythatpesosI tohadseepaidmy dreammore true,. "Popo"come

of avoirdupois. Your Motor namely,of climbingeight pounds

—eliminate valve Still, it was small enough sacrifice

lifter rusting for such a wonderfully unique adventure. And climbing the 17,800

foot volcano will remain in my mind

Available in as one of the outstanding events of 48 States my life.

Give your car the tare it deserves at Utoto dealers where you expect more and you get it! SOLACE

by O. L. Abbott

My cup of bitterness has passed,

I've shared a little, in my way, A WEALTH OF EDUCATION I've drained the gall of bitter loss,

BEHIND A 4 STAMP AndHis agonythoughuponmy daysthe Cross;are long and

MAIL TO black Now that my lovedone's gone from

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY me, Adult Education and Extension Services I know that I shall never lack,

Home Study Christ's loving hand will comfort me;

Prove-, Utah And while I never shall forget

Name...., The loss of one who's part of me,

Address That Tender Hand will guide my

BRIGHAM. YOUNG UNIVERSITY City & State steps

STUDY HOME Please send me without cost To peace and true serenity. COURSES 300

Brigham Young University's Home Study Catalog

610 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

for Privacy for Beauty

for Safety "He gave me a good mother. BUILD A FENCE!

Richard L. Evans

A grateful daughter had this to say concerning her once famous father: "He transmitted to me a

his side, heredity on sound THE and he gave own me a 1 SPOKEN mother.'then she good added: And "A young WORD

..... asked once did not he man was marry. why

a certain very beautiful but rather frivolous girl.... Is she a

person whom you would pick out to entrust with the bringing up of your children?'"he said. When his questioners conceded this R D D "'Well, not so, he added, was not to entrust I do choose her! with M-Design fs

the bringing of mine.'are "* There gifts that up fathers good many

give: their experience, their advice, their love and loyalty, their 12 Different Designs

providing, their companionship, their character, their patience, There's an M-Design Redwood Fence to their strength, their good name, even their discipline when needed, suit every home and every taste. See the

and their example. But scarcely could they give a greater gift samples at your local lumber dealer and

than these two that affect so fully the family—so fully the everchooseRedwoodfromFencesa dozenhold staindesigns.finishesMDesignlonger

"... lasting future: heredity a sound on side, and... a his own

1 terms.... and they last a lifetime. Buy on budget good mother."to you moving marriage, toward who are Now

its decisions: sobering In marriage and choose do we the parents Send for Free fence design folder

children, itself this in of our without and other consideration, any is an awesome and sobering decision: the name, the heritage of AT YOUR LOCAL LUMBER DEALER

our children, now and ever after. Surely this is not something

that should be decided on the fulness of the moon, or on the mood MORRISONMERRILL & CO.

of the moment. To quote the phrases of a lovely and longliving 205 NORTH 3rd WEST

song, it is "not for just an hour, not for just a day, not for just a SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH year, but always—"-—not for just an evening, not for just a summer

season, but day after day, month after month, year after year, into the farthest reaches of the future. Marriage means the making

of a living, providing a home, keeping a house, cooking tens of thousands of times, doing tens of thousands of routine daily duties, in sickness, in sorrow, in health and happiness, in discouragement ANTHEM BOOKS and success. And because fathers and mothers and family and

home are so everlastingly important, we cannot in wisdom make for such decisions superficially and shortsightedly, nor in good confail to science take into account for choose the parents we our CHURCH CHOIRS children, character the of and and companionship love those we and live with, "not for just an hour, not for just a day, not for just CHANCEL CHORISTER 1.00

CHORISTER 65 always."- transmitted a year, but "He to me

75 a sound heredity on CHURCHEIGHT FAVORITE ANTHEMS 1 side, his and he gave a good mother."own me VOL. 1 75 GATES ANTHEMS

GREEN BOOK PROGRAM CHORUSES 1.00

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the MASTER CHORUSES 1.50

Columbia Broadcasting System, June 15, 1958. Copyright 1958. SACRED CHORUS FOR

MIXED VOICES 75 See page 619 for footnotes. SCHIRMER COL. OF FAVORITE

ANTHEMS NO. 3 1.25

SING UNTO GOD 75 RED BOOK PROGRAM CHORUSES.... 1.00

Music Sent on Approval THE MEASURING OF MOMENTS i UseDAYNESthis advertisementMUSIC COMPANYas your order blank | 15 E. 1st South

by Eunice J. Miles l SaltPleaseLake sendCity the11, Utahmusic ind cated above.

On Approval G Charg e Today was the future of yesterday, Q Money Enc ose d

And the myriad days out of sight; l Name....

Tomorrow may mean the endless years I Address

Or the end of a sleepless night.! City & St ate

Today is the peak of eternity For him who can think and plan, the count making moments And today aunes Music fashioning of the a man. Means

15 E. 1st So.

145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PROvW Salt Lake City 11, Utah

AUGUST 1958 611 KITCHEI1 CHflRm WAXED PAPER Bookrack ume will help recreate in the minds

KEEPS FOOD ( Continued) class of the University whenand heartsthe ofEmigratingthe readerFundthe timewas all its functioning the emigrants continues from to urge and of Utah, FRESHER LONGER!

their to beginning long readers England were a "Candle become indeed of the Lord."Into this book have trip to "gather with the Saints."

gone many of his conference ad- -M. C. J.

dresses, his talks to various organizations, and his radio addresses. WHY I AM A MORMON

Together they sum up to an imWallace F. Bennett. Thomas Nelson

pressive number—and to a testa- & Sons, New York. 1958. 256 pages.

ment of the beliefs and ideas that $2.75.

impelled this great leader and In Why 1 Am a Mormon Elder modernday apostle.—M. C. /. Bennett comes to the conclusion that

he became a Mormon because his

SAY THE GOOD WORD parents were Mormons, and also beOscar A. Kirkham. Deseret Book cause as he grew older he found the

Company, Salt Lake City. 1958. 273 way of life of the Latterday Saints

pages $3.50. good and completely satisfying.

In 24 chapters the author analyzes

Few people have captured audithe Mormon faith and his own acences of people as has Oscar A. ceptance and attempt to live accordKirkham, as President Marion D. ing to that faith. Eighth in a series

Hanks states in his foreword to the dealing with the faiths of people in book. In addition to a compelling these United States this book takes

personality, "Oscar"also made use of its place alongside other challenging the concrete in his talks, which, toworks: Why I Am a Methodist by

gether with his dramatic presentation Roy L. Smith, Why I Am a Lutheran

to in his none second him made I a E. Victor Beck, by Am Why WITH MILLIONS POPULAR of attention ability the to command Hiller, Presbyterian Park Hays by OF HOUSEWIVES... listeners. Baptist a Louis D. by Why I Am ALL LEADING AT GROCERS

stories incidents of the and 1 Disciple a Many Newton, of Why Am monfroe whichforce arehe includedused within thissuch volume,telling AmChristan byEpiscopalianHampton byAdams,John McGillWhy 1. FOLDING Say the Good Word, in which the & Krumm, and Why I Am a Jew

BANQUET readerment ofcan"Oscar's"almost presence.feel the exciteFrom byLatterdayDavid de SolaSaintsPool.will find Why

TABIES the note in his father's diary to an I Am a Mormon challenging reading.

excerpt from his diary which closes -M. C. J.

Direct Prices & the book, there is much of challenge to Discounts will valuable prove help which and YE MIGHT HAVE THAT JOY "%| Churches, Schools, reader. writer or or! to speaker the Lodges, Salt Clubs, S. Hinckley. Bryant Bookcraft,

and all Institutions Divided into the three great acLake City, Utah. 1958. 132 pages.

tivities of his life: all pertaining to $1.50.

building the gospel of Jesus Christ, A companion volume to Elder of Birthright, the Noble Youth "On earlier Hinckley's volume, by Not TRUCKS storingMONROE For Spirit, Forth Honor,"Send Thy My Chairstruck easy, Alone, wayTables modernFolding That Bread Have Might Ye chairs EachandConstruclast the part do and storage Dreams tablesNo. permits handlesthetion of citherTruck Come TSCor basic, the continues Sforoge Transport sound same Joy

space. in limited

No. TS Truck the President True, which shows way in that the philosophy found was

54 for Discounts Write Catalog showing his to dreams. Kirkham moved The earlier sizes Hinckley's book. types Folding Elder Tables, wide and of MONROEand

line of Folding Chairs. popular and Trucks. Also its stir will /. C. book readers.—M. in in leadership experience the

WCH>loe. THE COMPANY

249 STREET. COLFAX. IOWA Church has pointed out to him the CHURCH ROUTE FROM needs of young and old. In his writLIVERPOOL TO GREAT ings he has indicated the ways all

SALT LAKE VALLEY should live to bring the greatest and longest lasting happiness. Such FILMS! A reproduction of book as registered titles to his succinct articles as

DEVELOPED & PRINTED in Stationers Hall in 1855. $4.00. Ideals are Real, The Highest Help,

A reproduction with the steel enTrue to Every Trust, Great Sayings, "-F% JUMBO gravings and the quaint centuryold Creed of an Optimist, Eternal Rich- a"}*—

printing, this book becomes a es, Forgiveness, Meeting FrustraExposure to tions, Steadfastness of Purpose, curiosity a deoc. in 1958—and what

35<r the variety curiosity! lightful only a few, indicate From of name the map Rom HBHSPHrWgjjjlfly

Printed Copied and OLD PHOTOS right the stimulation that lie in this front of the book and Utah in the for each GENEALOGY—60<

this volvolume. to the Appendix, through Guarantee! Moneyback

SAM'S PHOTO LAB Lake City, Ut.lIP. O. Box 1115, Depf. AA, Salt

612 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Bryant S. Hinckley has long inspired, with his editorials and his

addresses. These pertinent writings are an added contribution from

this gifted man.—M. C. /.

family dinner JOSEPH SMITH BEGINS HIS WORK once a week Including the 1830 Edition of the at the

Book of Mormon reproduced from sheets.uncut Edited by Wilford C. COFFEE 1958. $5.95.Wood.

This reproduction of the first ediSHOPtion of the Book of Mormon will provide much interesting reading and study by members of the Church.-M. C. /.

Hotel Utah

Max CarpenterThe "Me"Stage Manag er (Continued) bossy, who kicks, bites, quarrels, calls names, pushes, pulls hair, scratches, and fights.

On the other hand, if he is a backward sixyear-old and is terrorized by his more aggressive classmates it to protect is important from him? PROBLEMS is SKIN scars. emotionaldeep he When

skin, or itching or scaling rough, troubled are with If you eight, it for will easieraround be given troubles have up skin adolescent and with are an him to stick up for his rights. despair thinking no product would relieve or heal yourin

Ointment. At five Junior was usually mama's skin, then you owe it to yourself to try H & M

to effective clear to enough diaper rash and Mild enough attenbov. seeks favorable he Now

foot. this skin odorless colored cream athletes heal Use

father, likes histion from too. He bites, skin, insect itching sunburn, for pimples, eczema,

to go with him in the car, to the or longstanding skin problems.

store, or on an errand. As a rule ABSOLUTELY GUARANTEED TO SATISFY.

he flatly refuses to do any task by himself, but he will often work like GetL>et itit axat youry< Drug Store—or order direct from

a Trojan if his father is helping. A

sixyear-old is very dependent upon Laboratories adult guidance and adult discipline. 151 EAST 2ND NORTH, NEPH1, UTAH

is himself, at loose ends withHe SMALL SIZE - $1.25 POSTPAID LARGE SIZE - $2.00

disciplines *M his par- H enforcedand by ents or the school make him feel it is an orderly world. When he is in

his bad moods, he seems constantly underfoot. convery become We IT COST HOW MUCH WOULD

is scious of his presence. That whywe will miss him so much when he TO REPLACE YOUR HOME?

suddenly flies the coop as a sevenyear-old and moves up into the next The average homeowner today carstage. Before we know it Junior ries only 40% enough fire insurance. Let us check your

will have passed to thinking into a completely He's what his backward replacement valcycle of growth.new to cost, instead of forward property

Our next article will deal with what it would cost to REPLACE it. ues for you.

"The Hot and Cold Period."This

will include the critical years from seven to twelve. UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

Heber J. Grant & Co., General Agents 20 South Main Street Salt Lake City, 1

AUGUST 1958 613 Flowers in a home should do two things: add to

the beauty of the home and express the personality of its mistress. Beauty and Because ultra modern arrangements are out of

harmony with homes that are filled with antiques, the wise housewife takes stock of her home, the type of decor, and the color scheme before executing a Charm floral arrangement. The size of the room is another

thing to consider, as floral arrangements that are too large tend to make a small room appear even smaller.

Careful thought must be given to the spot where with cut flowers the flowers are to be placed. If they are to be placed

on a small table, keep both container and arrangeby Lucille Goodyear ment small. For an occasional table arrangement,

remember, if there is something to look at beyond the flowers, such as a window, mirror, or picture on the wall... don't cover it up... keep your arrangement low and wide.

Follow one color scheme throughout the house to achieve the greatest amount of beauty and good taste in your arrangements. Keep the style of your

containers in complete harmony with decor of the room. That is to say, a cute animal or a comical

container has no place in a formally furnished living room, this type would be more fitting in the kitchen, or a child's room.

With the use of floral arrangements it is possible to establish a mood. When house guests are expected, your flowers should express quiet warmth

and welcome. (Lilacs, stock, delphinium, and snapdragon are but a few that can be used for such occasions.) On the other hand, for a gay party, they can

be lively with vivid color, dramatic and suggesting

Todays Family movement. (Here one could use bird of paradise,

Eileen Gibbons, Editor exotic parrot tulips, day lily, hybrid lily, as well as

614 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA %M":%'&

the different types of iris.) For a

formal tea, or luncheon, a more deliin colors cate arrangement that linen, or the table complement spe- \J cific table setting, is in keeping with the formal theme. (Roses, carnations, asters, or lilies of the valley or FLY BONANZA AIR LINESdk

other delicate blooms may be used for such occasions.)

In choosing colors for your arrangements, keep in mind the color wheel, with red, green, yellow, and paint it with blue as the primary colors. Complimentary colors are the opposites...

and colors the analogous are shades 1 coat... blendings. and combination A good

is a primary color, blended with nearby shades, and heightened by a flower or two of the complimentary color. (Example: deep blue iris,

blended with pale toned blue iris, set off by a bloom, or two of yellow, or near green iris.)

To add interest and foundation of color to your arrangements, try using a cutting of greenery from some blooming, or nonblooming shrub in your garden. In the use

of a cutting in bloom, take care that the color really compliments the main theme of your arrangement. (Mock orange, forsythia, and rhodoBENNETT'S KRIUKOTE

dendron are some that can be used.. a superwashable flat wall paint

successfully.)

Lovely arrangements are formed in 1,322 Cyitfity colors

Bennett's, 65 West 1st South; 21st South and 2nd West; and Bennett's branches and dealers in the

Intermountain Area and Southern California

AUGUST 1958 615 Table Queen sandwiches by using flowers at progressive full stages of a bloom, such as a partially bud, and—great picnic treat IjSji bloom, opened

the bud itself. (Roses lend themselves wonderfully to this type of

arrangement.) This not only adds

interest but also lends a living element to your arrangement, and makes a longlasting arrangement.

Cut and arrange your flowers in the cool of the day for more lasting freshness. Do not place cut flowers

in or near a draft or in the direct sun. The containers must be filled

with fresh water and changed often if the flowers are to remain lovely.

The use of needlepoint holders, the weighted type; are especially

helpful in arranging topheavy bloom such as irises, peonies, exhibition mums, and some types of lilies.

Fresh... They are also helpful when placing

Nourishing... Delicious! BakingRoyalCo., flowersOne caninalsoa symmetricaluse crumpledformation.chicken

Salt Lake& Ogden mesh placed in the bottom of a tall container to keep long stemmed blooms from drooping and flopping about in a careless manner.

The ways one can beautify a home or a room with floral arrangements NOW! another (AlM/UCM

simthese are many. By following Th e recent of expansion AMERICAN

suggestions, a dash and using in to Sugar House Salt Lake ple tOaw wawwS@1"V* VAIJj WW SAviNGS

City, Utah, marks another move toof imagination and ingenuity, one ward even greater AMERICAN service. can easily add a great deal of charm

34 years of uninterrupted, dependable and color to the decor of one's service, PLUS AMERICAN'S substantial rehome.

serves mean added security for your savings.

At AMERICAN you earn a big 3'/2% per annum on INSURED savings—INSURED up to $10,000 by an agency of the FedHousehold Helps

eral Government.

—Save by mail the AMERICAN way—Payment for Household Helps used will

be one dollar upon publication. In the

event that two with the same idea are submitted, the one postmarked earlier will receive the dollar. None of the ideas can

returned, but each will receive careful beSUGAR HOUSE BRANCH: SavingSm, consideration. 2186 Highland Drive, *&0#*t s44444ZCltt&*l

Salt Lake City 6, Utah to eggsthat are to cottage cheese Add HOME OFFICE: 63 South Main, Salt Lake City 11, Utah

is texture scrambled. be The flavor and

GRANGER: 3555 South Market Street, DIVISIONAL OFFICE: Honolulu, Hawaii delightful and fewer eggs are needed.

Salt Lake City 4, Utah BRANCH OFFICE: Hilo, Hawaii—S. //., Hinckley, Utah

To clean dusty paper flowers quickly, put them stems up in a paper bag containing a few handfuls of table salt. Shake

EVERYBODY LOOKS theflowersbag,getholdinga thoroughonto cleaning.—Mrs.the stems. TheM.

BETTER IN S., Los Angeles, California

Cook stewed prunes in sweetened pineapple juice for a surprise flavor. The

prunes will be plump and delicious.—A. A.,

Salt Lake City, Utah

Instead of throwing away pea pods, wash them and cook them in soup, then remove before serving. They add heaps

of flavor.—Mrs. A. M., Ogilvie, Minnesota

616 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

FOR THAT

'Sunday wouldn't be Sunday WONDERFUL LUCCA FLAVOR * without the Calls"

"We can't manage family meetwhen his high council appointments mgs! call him elsewhere, but churchgoing *

"I can't hold a Church job and is always a family activity, and folk children, too!"likerear say wouldn't seem Sunday young SunFirst "I'd love to in the Afton School without day go to Sunday Ward

with the children, but how can I? the row of neatly groomed Call

By the time they're ready—I'm exchildren who regularly attend with

hausted!"their parents.

Valid complaints evenings from the The Call home LDS dedetailed servemother? mention. Unless the are comPerhaps. They

mon, and good answers to them are daughters who take piano lessons elusive. But now and then we run can accompany a song, it isn't

into a family who seem to be imsung. Scripture is read, along with

bothered by these problems—in spite thoughts and stories from The Imof many obstacles usually called up provement Era, The Children's USE

as excuses—and it sets us to wonderFriend, and other Church publicaing. Maybe we could try a little tions. If any of the family faces talks

harder. or other ward assignments, he is

Such a family are the Evan Calls given help. Housework and choresof Afton, Wyoming, a Mormon com- (the Calls live on a ranch) are diSTARITALIAN

munity in beautiful Star Valley. This vided. Individual achievements are

valley has its share of loyal—and noted. It is decided what time the

large—Church families, among whom youngsters should be in from a party, FREE Recipe Book: Write A. Giurliani &Bro.

the Calls are typical. Evan and and which coming events will be -X. 537 Front Street, San Francisco 26. Calif.

Bessie and their fourteen children attended. Each youngster has a

(twelve since the two oldest, Jennie chance to bring up his own problems and Kayl and, married recently) hold for family discussion if he wishes.

regular home evenings; Bessie teachSome home evenings are made

es in the MIA, having worked in the special by a birthday or by the parChurch auxiliaries ever since her ticipation of Grandmother and marriage; and come Sundays the Grandfather, who are often invited

whole family go to meetings toso that the children may have the Red Fabrikoid gether. Sometimes Dad is missing, advantage of their friendship, counLoose-Leaf

Left to right and around: Bessie Warren Call, holding Ruth, Father

Evan holding Grace, Warren, Jennie, Jill, Annie, Ralph, Wynn, Dee, Kayland, Louise, Don, Ben, Lenna. ERA Binders

HOLDS 13 ISSUES

$1.75

The Improvement

Era

50 North Main St.

Salt Lake City 16, Utah

AUGUST 1958 617

sel, and stories. In the summertime,

outside the Calls go for bonfire gatherings in the meadow or up by the ranch spring. So that all would

have the fun of outdoor life, last spring the whole family camped for three days on a far side of the ranch.

Refreshments, of course, are a favorite part of the family hour, and especially so here because almost everything is homemade and homegrown that goes into Bessie's ice cream and cake, banana cream pie, punch and cookies, doughnuts and apple cider, or hot chocolate and toasted cheese sandwiches.

For several years now, the Call youngsters have occupied seven or eight seats on the school bus. One

morning as the bus waited before their mountain home while they filed on, a new student on the bus asked in amazement, "How many families live in that house?"

The answer is easy. One! For

indeed, if they were not, if each did not consider himself "his brothers'keeper,"their remarkable accomplishments would not be possible. m&J&gSL Melchizedek Priesthood

ceptance of a Church assignment Only 20 Extra Seconds will( Continued) spirituality so that acbe forthcoming.

Obviously there are many ramifiTo Make HOT Starch cations to these procedures. But

calltheir seeking to magnify ways inspirawillSaves Only. hot.. Makesstarch ironingpenetrateseasyingsalert quorum presidents who are to get the be able

Cold starch coats the surface tion to know what to do in individual20 Minutes

Ironing... Makes ironing hard. priesthood,cases.If we magnifythere ouris everycallingsreasonin theto

Time lessbelieveactivethatandmanydiligentof childrenour Father'swill be returned to the security of the is of surThe easiest starch to iron quorum fold and—what

Try it... You'll See I passingshall throughpersonalactivityinterestandto uspersonal—we #8 righteousness keep the covenant

which assures us of eternal life hereafter.

Makanote SENTINELTO COMPAREFAMILYTHE PLAN DESERT SCENE

policy protects Dad One each)—even ($5,000), FUTUREMother ($1,000),arrivals withand allno by William Allen Ward ($1,000 the children

increase in the one low premium. If Mother and Dad are

25 years old, the premium would be only $9.44 per month

or expect children have they regardless many of how the desert naked on to Out folder cost. For special present your with have! Compare warriors like Indian Buttes stand to: details, write complete giving

of old...

Out there it seems, one can wash

His face with a thundercloud And dry his hands with the Dry night wind.

Underwritten by Sentinel Security Life Ins. Co.

618 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA No more dried out hamburgers!

These Times (Continued) state of all. Alaska Morning Milk

mileswith square 586,400 is more sizethan double the with keeps hamburgers of Texas its 267,339 square miles. The govermoist and tender, yet firm,

nor of Alaska expects that 50 years from now Alaska will have a popuright through cooking lation of 30,000,000. Alaska is

rich in strategic metals such as antimony, chromite, copper, iron, lead, Mmercury, tungsten, nickel, and others. It also has oil, vast timber

resources and a climate not dissimilar from the Dakotas, Montana, m.

and the Pacific Northwest—if you HImake discounts for more sunlight

in the summer and a great deal of nj&cLjrje, and 4ccdarkness in the winter months!,;

The fortyninth state represents a Juicy, moist and tender o great new frontier. The influences HAMBURGERS

of successive frontiers on American (Makes 4 to 6 servings) development has always been tremendous. Here is a new land, with VA1 'A poundsteaspoonsgroundsalt beef Vi1 cuptablespoonfinely choppedpreparedonionmustard

'Achallenges of hardship, of teaspoon pepper opprepared new undiluted '/] cup Morning 1 horseradishtablespoon Milk forportunity disthose be who may all Lightly in ingredients bowl. mix Divide mixing into mixture meat ortressed in discouraged other six parts. grill equal patties. gently into Place or Shape in folding on

areas. The fortyninth state symuntilwire broiler.done as Cookdesired.over glowing coals 4 to 5 minutes on each side, or

bolizes the open road to opportunity. Welcome, Alaska! BARBECUE BURGERS

EVAPORATED While grilling hamburgers, brush several times with spicy Barbecue Sauce

MILK Milkmade display.from recipe found in free recipe folder at your grocer's Morning

FOOTNOTES AND REFERENCES

FOR ARTICLES:

Your Questions >D & C 124:3738. Jack Jqrrard

-Discourses, 3Isa. 42:6-8. p. 378, 1925 ed. He Means Business

Wrid., 61:1-2.

Luke 4:2.

Hbid., 16:1926.

''Moses 7:3639. Italics author's. "Speaking of Business"is

Jack E. Jarrard's daily column

The Spoken Word To keep learning... on the business page of your

Accredited to Addison, original source not Deseret News and Telegram.

known. 2Author unknown. It's a column filled with the

sBrigham Young, Journal of Discourses, 10:

221 (1863). latest news on appointments

"He gave me a good mother..."earnings... new busiBlackwell, Alice Stone What I Owe to My

Father B. Blackwell.) (To Henry nesses... construction...

Irvin Berlin. -Always,

product developments and ART AND PHOTO CREDITS: everything else that's news to

Clix, cover, Camera Davenport, John 604;

Taylor,561, 593, 612, 599, 624; Bob 600; Wideart, the businessman and stockWorld Photos, 578; Dale Kilbourn, art, 582,

583, 584; Trosjean Studio, Afton, Wvoraing, holder. Follow it in your fam617; Doug Snow, art, 586, 589; Harold M.

Lindorff,Lambert, art, 591; Lorin 590; Jeanne

Wiggins, Boyart 591; L. ily newspaper. Frank Studios, 595;

Gaynor, 614; Deseret News, Hal Rumel Studios,

620, 621, 622.

THE MOUNTAIN WEST'S (/ NEWSPAPER

He is a wise man who does not grieve the things he has for which rejoicesnot, but for those he I which has.—Epictetus

[tXlSitrff 'C7\T7 AUGUST 1958 619 Actually the conference, which was more than a year in preparation, had begun Thursday, June 12, with an allday YWMIA camp institute, a drama Light workshop, a music workshop, a banquetprogram for A

Master M Men and Golden Gleaners, and rehearsals for the festivals. to all the world Then between 8:00 and 9:10 a.m., on the south

An account of the generalside of thesuperintendenciesSalt Lake Templeandon Templegeneral Square,presidencythe

MIA Conference held withan estimatedtheir boardsthree formedthousanda receptionwho had line,come greetingto conJune 1315, 1958 ference.colors of TheMIA—goldreceptionandlinegreen—andwas flaglineda breezewithkeptthe

those colors flying.

by Albert L. Zobell, Jr. At 9:30 a.m., following the reception, the first sesResearch Editor sion of the conference began in the wellfilled Tabernacle. Here was the first youth chorus of many which

were to thrill the conference—this one from Orem,

Orem West, and Sharon stakes.

At this session there were greetings by General

President Bertha S. Reeder, newly appointed General

Superintendent Joseph T. Bentley, and retiring General Superintendent Elbert R. Curtis.

The MIA theme for 195859 was announced as

Matthew 5:16, and was presented in drama against

>#"""*"*. a backdrop of the Anton Dorph painting of "Christ

,'N Blessing the Disciples."(See The Improvement Era

March 1958 cover for painting.) "Let your light so

shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your father which is in heaven."In commenting upon this theme later during the conference,

Second Assistant Superintendent G. Carlos Smith

charged each with the responsibility to see that the "light"we carried was the light of Christ, and not an optical illusion.

Dr. Arthur A. Schuck, chief Scout executive, Boy

Scouts of America, was at the June conference and

Junior Gleaners distributed spoke several times. At this morning session he said:

programs on Temple Square "I believe that the Boy Scout movement was ordained to morning. Left Friday right: of God for a purpose, but only by our willingness to Shaw, Sue Burnett, Ruth Ann

Barbara Huber, Berdeen Horman. participate in it on a basis where we take the power

of God and use scouting as an instrument for the

From the prayer meeting early Friday morning, saving of youth and their contributing to the world

June 13, where the general superintendencies and will we justify this movement having been given to the general presidency of the Mutual Improvement the world....

Associations met with members of their general "It is true that one out of every four boys of our boards in humble supplication, to the end of the Cub Scout, Boy Scout, and the more difficult Exlast meeting on Sunday, June 15, there was but one plorer age, one out of every four in America is a word to describe the fiftyninth annual conference member today. It is true that your great Church

of the Young Men's and Young Women's Mutual leads the way, and you have better than one out of

Improvement Associations. And that word was every two boys of those ages participating in the

inspiring. program...."

620 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Talcing a text from the Church hymn, "True to the ties in a war. Very largely the answer to whether

Faith,"Elder Mark E. Petersen of the Council of or not the youth of Zion will falter rests upon the

the Twelve and an adviser to the MIA, said: "As I kind of training given to the youth of Zion, and it

think of the conflict of those two forces, the force of comes right back to those who do the training. What

righteousness rolling forth eventually to fill the whole kind of training job do you do? Do you qualify

earth, and then the other force which is already mak- [youth] not only for the offensive in life, but do you ing of the world, even of our great nation, America, also qualify them for selfpreservation?.. /'

a wicked and an adulterous generation, I ask myself, Friday afternoon featured the Magic Valley (Idaho) 'Shall the youth of Zion falter in defending truth and Mixed Chorus and the first Churchwide Mia Maid right?'rosetying ceremony. That meant that an average of

"In every great conflict the soldiers who survive sixty percent of the Mia Maid girls in the stakes had are generally not those who are trained well for the received their individual awards as to living the offensive, but those who are trained well in selfstandards and activities of the Church. (Some stakes

defense, in selfpreservation. The untrained, the raw had reported over ninety percent.)

recruits, they are the troops who never win the battle. Friday evening, and twice Saturday evening in

The untrained are the ones who pile up the casualthe Salt Lake Tabernacle the MIA arts festival

Above: Some three thousand conference visitors shook hands with the General Board executives

and members of the General Board in the reception line, Friday morning on Temple Square, June 13.

Below, left: Junior M-Men and Junior Gleaners "rolled into meeting"Saturday in this "Pleasant

Ward"bus. Nonie Sorensen, group leader, and a former member of the board; Steven Bennion, Becky

Summers, Steven Cook, Gail Purchase, Lynn Davidson, and Don Waterworth.

Below, right: Sisters Emily H. Bennett, Bertha S. Reeder, and LaRue Longden greet Sister Salome

Sam Fong, agegroup counselor from Honolulu Stake (third from left).

Friday evening's allgirl dance with other numbers of the dance festival presented Friday and Saturday thrilled audiences at the University of Utah stadium.

Dr. Arthur A. Schuck,

Chief Scout Executive, Boy Scouts of America, one of the many visitors to the conference. He spoke at

several of the meetings.

Camille Lamoreaux plays the harp and Elaine Rich the autoharp at the combined arts festival. The

festival was given three times.

A 625voice youth chorus from northern California sang Sunday afternoon and elsewhere; the Churchwide Mia

Maid Rose Tying ceremony in the

Tabernacle, Friday.

Praise Ye the Lord was presented. It depicted God's may you be alert, and arouse your thousands of foldealings with man, using music, drama, speech, and lowers to the dignity of young manhood, the purity

dance to bring to life these great moments in history. of young womanhood, and to loyalty to the restored

Friday and Saturday evenings, in the University Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

of Utah Stadium, near capacity audiences saw "May God's choicest blessings attend the Young

The Great Builder, this year's dance festival. More Men's and Young Women's Mutual Improvement

than six thousand young people danced in these perAssociations in all their noble endeavors."

formances. From the short address of President Clark:

As one contemplates the magnitude of these festi- "I was greatly pleased last night in seeing how vals and realizes that the first rehearsal might be the modestly our sisters were dressed for that dance.

dress rehearsal, one must surely conclude that the I rejoiced in it, and I have thought, if I might put it prayers, voiced and unvoiced, of thousands are surely crudely, straightforwardly—bare flesh is never in and

heard in behalf of the MIA. of itself an art exhibit. Arsenic, taken in increasingly

Saturday was a day of departmental work and large doses, is no more poisonous to the body, the meetings. About twenty locations throughout the physical body, than erotism is destructive following

city were used. the same course, to the soul of man. In both death

Sunday morning, again in the Tabernacle, the tralurks. God give you the strength and the power to

ditional meeting was held under the direction of the protect your virtue, that above all else seems now to

First Presidency. President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., be threatened...."

presided and conducted. Here he reminded that at President Joseph Fielding Smith of the Council

the April conference, General Superintendent Curtis of the Twelve, advised at the YMMIA session Saturhad been released, together with his assistants, Elders day:

A. Walter Stevenson and David S. King and the "The Lord has called upon our bishops and others

general board of the YMMIA, with the provision that in the order of the priesthood to train the youth these brethren would carry on until June conference. and bring them up in light and truth. You brethren

In April, Elder Bentley had been sustained as the who have been called in the Mutual Improvement new general superintendent and had later named his organization likewise have the responsibility of doing assistants, Elders Alvin R. Dyer and G. Carlos Smith, your part, and I am grateful that you can do this

Jr. Now the new general board of the YMMIA was part by precept and also by example."

sustained. The Tabernacle Choir sang at this session. Elder George Q. Morris of the Council of the

Sunday afternoon in the Tabernacle, the presentaTwelve, and a former general superintendent of MIA, tion... Ye Shall Prosper in the Land was given speaking Sunday morning in the Tabernacle, said:

under the direction of the speech department. Music "I bear my humble witness that the Lord Jesus

was furnished by the MIA Youth Chorus of the Christ has established this Church and is calling

Northern California stakes. upon all men to repent and believe and become memDuring the conference, President David O. McKay, bers of his Church and become his people, to be a

recovering from eye surgery, sent a message which light to the world,... We see, therefore, the sacredread, in part: "To the retiring superintendency... ness of our holy calling with our youth, with our

I extend congratulations and commendation!... members, to bring to pass these glorious purposes and

They have been devoted, capable leaders, responsive glorify our Father in heaven in all things."

to every call—true servants of the Lord! I also exElder Richard L. Evans of the Council of the

tend congratulations and commendation to the memTwelve, speaking near the close of the conference, bers of the board who have been associated with said: "Now as to you, the youth: This is a glorious genthem. eration. The Lord God has given us to understand

"The general presidency and members of the genthat he held back choice spirits for this very day. He

eral board of the Young Women's organization have told Abraham that he was one of them. I have a conmade an outstanding record in enrolling, instructing, viction in my heart that many of this generation of

and guiding the young girls and women of the Church. youth were numbered among those choice ones so

We also express appreciation to them for the servprivileged. There is nothing in righteousness that

ice they are rendering. you cannot accomplish. Do not worry about the

"To the new general superintendency and board of future. Do not brood about it. You cannot live it all

the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association, at once. Take it a day at a time and a step at a time.

we express our confidence and give our blessing. Prepare and live and meet the problems as they come,

"The road stretches far ahead with opportunities and as things have unfolded for your parents and for good on either side. To all these opportunities, your grandparents... so life will unfold for you...."

AUGUST 1958 623 The Last Word

Worry is like a rocking chair. It will give you "George,"the tearful wife sniffed, "your mother

something to do, but it won't get you anywhere. insulted me today."

"She what? She's a thousand miles away!"

gives every God bird its food, but he does not "But a letter came for you... and I opened it."

it nest. into thethrow

"What about the insult?"

The man who really wants to do something finds "In the postscript, she wrote: 'Agnes, don't forget

a way; the other kind finds an excuse. to give this to George.'"

There is no smaller package than a man wholly THOUGHT FOR THE MONTH...

wrapped up in himself.

—Facks"N"Figgers "I "Iwon't"can't"is isa agoodfor-nothing.quitter.

"I don't know"is lazy.

"I might"is just waking up.

"I will try"is on his feet.

"I can"is on his way.

"I will"is at work.

"I did"is now the boss.

—Anonymous

A woman's promise to be on time carries a lot of wait.

Spare moments are the gold dust of time. Of all

the portions of our life, the spare moments are the most fruitful in good or evil.—Sunshine Magazine

:v:::; y::::-: 'v'::':: ': ': ': ': ": '':, '''; ": ':

George Santayana: Broadmindedness is the result Voltaire: To forgive our enemies their virtues—that

of flattening highmindedness out. is a greater miracle.

About the time you get even with the Joneses, they The landlady of a resort boardinghouse made a refinance. point of asking her departing guests to write something in her visitor's book. She was very proud of

the names and the sentiments inscribed there.

"But I can't understand,"she confided to a friend,

A friend, after several months of strenuous dieting, "what one sourlooking man wrote. People always

paid a surprise visit to her daughter's home. Her smile when they read it."

fouryear-old grandson, after gleefully welcoming "What is it?"queried, the other.

her, stepped back, wideeyed, and asked hesitantly, The landlady replied: "He wrote only the words,

"Granny, what did you do with all the rest of you?"'Quoth the Raven.'

624 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

NAVAJO WEAVER

by Maude Rubin

She weaves with the skill of an ancient race,

With the patience of growing wheat—With the prism colors of sky and space Where storm and sunshine meet.

Wool that warmed lambs in the cold spring wind, Drenched with brief desert rain,

Was carded and spun till its strands were thinned And bright as a pinto's mane.

She weaves with the color of sunset and air, Of turquoise from desert mines,

With the gray of the cloud and the jagged flare Of the lightning in her designs.

No jam tastes like the kind RAINBOW END you make yourself by Ivy Houtz Woolley It's easy... thrifty...and no failures with SUREJELL or CERTO

And then there came a day When I, a passenger on God's great train, Sped past the station by the name

Of Girlhood; there was no pain

In leaving that loved place. I bravely

went Into a sweeter land; and quite content

I rest amid the joys which are so Recipe: perfect homemade peach jam! Stir in 5 cups sugar at once. Bring to full

dear Peel, pit and crush 3 lbs. fully ripe peaches. rolling boil. Boil hard for 1 minute only,

fruit in prepared very large stirring constantly. Mix 4 cups This boiling timeBecause

1 SureJell. I found you waiting for saucepan with use liquid less (Or box juice boils means you get up away—soshort me here. bottle.) Stir Certo—recipe over high to yield, on higher the flavor and comes 50%

heat until mixture comes to hard boil. through fresher—best you ever tasted!

Your choice!

ADVISORY BORED SUREJELL by Jane Merchant powdered natural fruit pectin

Some hardships I have boldly dared, CERTO

But it can still undo me liquid natural fruit pectin

Pectin jelling. causesTo note that friends have come prein Amounts of pectin heat, from Remove then alternately stir and pared fruits vary. off for five skim minutes. foam into Ladle

To talk some sense into me. glasses. (No paraffining with newtypejars.) No guessing with

Yield: 9 medium glasses, for mere pennies recipes you get with

a glass! And you're sure of perfect results SureJell or Certo.

with powdered SureJell or liquid Certo/ Products of General Foods

FAMILY PLAN provides life insurance

for you, your wife, your children

... in one lowcost policy.

There's something for every member of the family at the funfilled amusement park...

offering wholesome doit-together recreation.

There's also something for every member of the family in Beneficial's new allin-one Family

Package Plan. For example:

wJfttkdl?, who needs the most life insurance, has

$5,000 permanent insurance per unit (2 units $10,000;

3 units $15,000). Accidental death pays double; if disabled, premiums are automatically paid. Builds generous

cash and retirement values.

I|/|V| has $1250 insurance per unit, if she's Dad's age; more if younger, less if older.

Willi L*I1tI are each insured for $1,000 per unit until age 22... and can then be converted to permanent insurance up to $5,000...without

evidence of insurability. New babies are automatically

insured for $500 per unit from 15 days old to six months, and thereafter for $1,000 per unit—at no extra cost.

This insurance program grows with your family—but the one low premium stays the

same!

Ask your Beneficial man about this convenient allin-one policy that protects your entire family—or mail the handy coupon below.

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO.

Beneficial Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send information about:

Family Package Plan BENEFICIAL UEE

Name fnAutomce

Street or RFD. Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

City, Zone... State.

E88