is the themewEXPANSION"of BYU Homecoming, Oct. 28Nov. 2

The "expansion"theme chosen by BYU students for Homecoming is appropriate in many ways. Enrollment is three times

that of 1950, and to accommodate this upsurge the faculty has grown and eighty major, permanent buildings have been built.

Now under construction are the new Y Student Center, which will be one of the largest student activity buildings in the nation, the Fine Arts Center, largest academic building on campus, and five sevenstory residence halls. Also a drive is under way to

raise funds for a new stadium.

Homecoming Schedule Oct. 24—Assembly presentation of queen

But more important is the academic growth. In the same candidates.

time five colleges have grown into eleven colleges with sixty Oct. 29—Devotional Assembly.

departments, and the doctor's degree has been added. In the Oct. 31—Homecomingtion of HomecomingAssembly,royalty.presentainterest of scholarship, the semester system has replaced the Nov. 1—House decorations judging.

quarter system, with complete revision of the curriculum. The Concert, The Dave Brubeck Quarscholarship program draws the finest students. The Honors tet.Coronation of Queen.

Program accelerates gifted students. And with 38 wards in three Presentation of awards.

Homecoming dance.

stakes active on campus BYU offers all the advantages of a

Provo.

USU. big university but also the friendliness of a small college. Nov. 2—BigFootballParade,game,DowntownBYU vs.

Presentation of winning floats.

Open houses.

Queen's banquet.

Lighting the Y. Brigham Young University Fieldhouse Frolics.

Alumni dance and dinner. P RO VO UTAH

Exploring TWICE AS CRISP!

the TWICE AS FRESH Universe I

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr.

IKsl

COMPACTS NOT SO COMPACT

Surveys by traffic engineers in

Michigan and Maryland show that drivers of small cars operate them in the same manner as those drivinglarger cars. Significant space is PAC&spared on the parking lots however. NEW!

EARLY GLADS & CRISP THIN A method for inducing gladiolus bulbs to sprout without the usualwinter rest has been developed reSUPREME cently. Radio waves of a certain

frequency are used for a few minPOlJtfDVNl* utes on the exposed bulbs. NE

STORMY NAMES

Bureau has WeatherThe US used... because there are twice as many indigirl's tropical to identify names

hurricanes in the Atlantic, Caribvidually wrapped packs in every package of since of the Gulf Mexicobean and Supreme Saltine Crackers! You open fewer dishort are1953. and names The

rect and help reduce confusion in crackers at a time... keep the rest sealed

communications. up fresh and crisp. Get a package next time

FOREST FIRES you shop!

sandcasting machine has beenA Enjoy Supreme cookies, too... of digging capabledeveloped and

throwing 100 cubic feet of sand per they're "Kitchen rich"good...

minute. At a fifty foot range it is baked as you would!

most effective against direct flames;

at greater distances it can be used to "fireproof"the area toward which the flames are moving.

ANTS HAVE QUEENS TOO

About ten thousand species of ants are known today. About three thousand species of insects mostly small

beetles, have been found living as parasites and guests in ants'nests in the world, according to Dr. S. H.

Skaife. Popularly it is assumed that

there is one queen ant to a nest, but as many as 150 or more may be found in a large community. OCTOBER 1963 SUPREME817

The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for October 1963 Volume 669 Number 10

Church Features

The Editor's Page: Some Thoughts for an Autumn Day, ART AND PHOTO CREDITS

President David O. McKay 828 82829832-33 Photo:Art: TedUnknownNagata

83538 Photos: Doyle L. Green

Productions Lindberg PhotoYour Question: Condition of Mankind in the Resurrection, 838

Scanlon Art: Maurice 839

President Joseph Fielding Smith, 830 840 Photo: Deseret News

843 Photo: Fabian Bachrach

The Church Moves On, 826; Melchizedek Priesthood, 872; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 874. 85455850-53 Art:Photos:TonyUS SmithArmy

857 Art: Warren Luch

87273 Photos: Dean Pierpont

Special Features 87475874 Art:Photo:TedFabianNagataBachrach

87677 Art: Dave Burton

Polynesian Village, David W. Cummings 835 878 Art: Phyllis Luch

Only Then, Robert F. Hicks 839 All otherStudio.art and photos, Ralph Reynolds

President Henry Dinwoodey Moyle 18891963, Gordon B. Hinckley 840

Science and Religion, Dr. Harvey Fletcher 844

Genealogy: Pertinent Questions Answered 846

A Teacher's Witness of Jesus the Christ, James R. Harris.... 848

Mormons at West Point, Mardeane Carver Jordan... 850

What Happened to Sacaj'awea? John M. Woolf 854

Life Is a Golden Peach, Christie Lund Coles 857

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans....858, 862, 864, 868, 870

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 817; These Times: The National Effort at

Foreign Language Development, G. Homer Durham, 820; Letters and Reports, 822.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Treats from the Wide Open Spaces 876

Pick and Treat, Evelyn Witter 879

Getting Your Weekly Booster? Genevieve Van Wagenen 892

The Era of Youth 893

The Last Word 904

Stories, Poetry Hearken My Heart, Margaret Bunel Edwards 832 THE COVER:

Poetry 834, 843, 856, 868, 870, 882, 885, 886, 888, 892 The cover of the October Era catches a part of the Polynesian Cultural Center at Laie, Hawaii, now being readied for dedication. The photograph is by

Era Managing Editor Doyle L. Green.

For the story of the Polynesian

The Improvement Era Offices, 135 South State Street, Salt Lake City 11, Utah Cultural Center see page 835.

Editor; Richard O. Associate Green,David and Managing Doyle C. Josephson, McKay Editor; Marba Managing L. Albert Zobell, Editors;Stephan, Editorial Larsen, Associates;Research Blake, H. ReedL. Arlene Carter Judith Editor; Pinnock, Florence Today's Family MarJr.,

ion E.YouthGrant,L.Editor;Evans, Hanks,Editor; Era Associate Editor; Art Cannon, D. Direction: Youth Era Elaine The The Studio. of Ralph ReynoldsB. of

G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Hugh Nirley, Sidney B. Sperry: Alma A. Gardiner, Nathan E. Tanner, Contributing Editors.

CarlosG. Smith,

Director; Evans,Jr., GeneralAdvertisingManager;Director.Fi.orence S. Jacobsen, Associate General Manager; Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription Thayer

Inc., 1963 Funds,Copyright published by Mutual Associations and Improvement Church by the Mutual of The

reserved. Subscription in price, year, $3.00 a subscriptions, advancemultiple 2 years, $8.25; $5.75; 3 years, eachof succeedingJesus Christyear,of Latterday$2.50 a yearSaints.addedAll torightsthe

price.three year

Entered of Octoberat the1917,PostauthorizedOffice, SaltJuly Lake2, 1918.City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. Act

is for not responsible Era Improvement unsolicitedThe for manuscripts contributions. arc paid but Manuscripts at the rate on acceptance welcomes of 2c

a sufficient word and must be accompanied return. delivery by postage and

in full color Lithographed Cover isThirty for days'required of address. change issue a please recent include address change, of the magazine. ordering Address slip from a

by Deseret News Presschanges cannot unless old the Whenthefor well as noticebe address as included. made one is new

818 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IN TIME FOR CONFERENCE

1. NEW! THE LATTERDAY SAINT PROPHETS AND THE DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS

V L U M E I by Roy W. Doxey

Rov W. Doxey, author of the Doctrine and Covenants and the Future, Doctrine and Covenants Study

Guide, and the Book of Mormon Study Guide has now compiled a text that offers commentary on the Doctrine and Covenants as found in the addresses of the General Authorities of the Church.

The amplification and illustration of principles of the gospel in modern revelation are by members of the First Presidency, the Quorum of the Twelve, the Assistants to the Twelve, the First Council of the Seventy, the Presiding Patriarch, and the Presiding Bishopric. This volume is rich, new, and

different! $3.95

2. NEW! OLD TESTAMENT, NEW LARGE PRINT AND

ILLUSTRATED EDITION A new Deseret Book publication that will thrill every reader! Here

is the Old Testament, at last, with over 50 pages of colorful and meaningful illustrations by many prominent artists and with an attractive hard, illustrated cover. New, large type will prove a boon

to both young and old and makes for easier reading.

$5.95

3. NEW! FASTINGTHE SECOND STEP TO ETERNAL LIFEpasting

by Alan P. Johnson

Why do we fast? How often should we fast? For how long should we

fast? All these, and many more questions, are answered in Fasting—Second

The Second Step to Eternal Life. The history of fasting, as well as

is fasting attitude in toward churches, by included many current gtei* 119na! Life DeseretVisit theBook theibis provocative to that Saints Latterday study. book will want

Store Nearest You $2.75

for the Very Finest in Church Literature.

Deseret Book Company 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

Gentlemen:

Enclosed please find check money order I have an account, please

P Heoeret A N COM Y Book 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AT MALL charge. Amount enclosed $ for encircled numbered books. 1 2 3 COTTONWOOD AND

SALT LAKE CITY 2472 WASHINGTON BLVD., OGDEN Name

777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA

Address.

City.... Zone State...

Residents of Utah include VA% sales tax.

Choose any one of these outstanding recordings for only $1.00 and become a

member of the L.D.S.

RECORD CLUB. THE NATIONAL

AS A MEMBER you may select (or reject) EFFORT AT the various "collectors"religious selections that will be offered the FOREIGN during coming buy ANYyear.of theThereselectionsis no obligation(as there tois LANGUAGE

in other record clubs), yet the selections offered will be available ONLY through DEVELOPMENT this club. $1.00 Your makes you a THESE TIMES of the club to member and entitles you

choose either: By Dr. G. Homer Durham

President, Arizona State University, Tempe

VIolUINo, containing three excerpts from the Doctrine and Covenants. 12inch, 33 Vz RPM. Sells regularly for

$3.98.

SONGS OF MORMON PIONEERS Authentic songs from historic trek westward, sung by Rosalie Sorrels. Plus 20page "Songs"booklet. Package nor- "And the whole earth was of one of the committee. His study of the

mally sells for $4.98. language, and of one speech."American high school, showing the

(Genesis 11:1.) But that was long, need for intensive language study

VOICE FROM THE DUST conlong ago. over many years, rather than "extaining four contrasting

passages from the Ten years ago this column pubposure,"had recently been pubrecording complete of the Book of—B---to Fosterlished "AnDulles,"OpentheLetterAmericanto Mr.SecreJohn lished.experienceHis wereprestige,of decisiveinfluence,influand

Mormon. tary of State, urging that represenence in the success of the program in

tatives of the United States abroad its first two years; and, in causing

be qualified to learn the language the Commissioner of Education (to of the nation in which they served. whom the committee officially reThere has been much discussion of ported) to give due attention to

such need in recent years. the program.

In 1958, in response to President Professor William Riley Parker of

Eisenhower's several messages, ConIndiana University helped establish gress enacted the National Defense the branch as first acting director,

Education Act. Title VI of that succeeded shortly thereafter by

statute provided for national effort Kenneth Mildenberger. Professor

at foreign language development. A Parker was also an original apLanguage Development Branch was pointee to the advisory committee.

established in the US Office of EduToday, four years later, D. Lee

cation under a director, a small staff Hamilton serves as director of the

YES, send me: collected, and a national advisory branch and is assisted by a staff of

"Visions""Voice""Songs"committee of eleven members approximately 32 workers and speand Record to your LDS add my name

Club mailing list. My $1 is enclosed. appointed. cialists in five sections: Language

NAME This writer was privileged to be Institutes; Language and Area Cenappointed as one of the original ters; Fellowships; Research and

ADDRESS. members of the committee, concludStudies; and a special Latin AmeriCITY ing a fouryear term on June 30, can Studies unit.

1963. Dr. James Bryant Conant, It has been an experience of great

the distinguished American eduinterest to travel to and from Washcator, served as the first chairman ington, to see an intimate picture of 3600 Market St.

Salt Lake City, Utah

820 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA for those you love SEASON'S GREETINGS to Caifds picturing you and your family

what is sometimes called the "federal bureaucracy,"observe a branch come into being, to assess its effectiveness, methods, and results—almost from inception to the present

time. The results have been good

in my opinion. The 32 civil servants,

approximately, that I met and associated with were dedicated, devoted 50 CARDS with ENVELOPES $3.49

men and women of high technical 100 CARDS with ENVELOPES $5.99

theirqualifications (considering pay, living in CHOOSE YOUR FAVORITE problems ofexpenses, and FAMILY SNAPSHOTWashington). They showed always

a keen concern for the law and The most delightfully warm and

Greeting ofpolicy established by the Congress so inexpensive! personal—andChristmas Run

their responsibilitiesand for favorite to adallthrough your family vance knowledge of languages as a negatives now—pick the one

national resource. I was also imyou want to appear on your

pressed at the reliance placed by Christmascoupon belowCard today.—and Yourmail

the staff on private associations Christmas cards will be on their and organizations whose capability way to you in a few weeks, needed to be mobilized, and the envelopes and all! Order now to

fine response from these private asavoid disappointment!

various associations well as from education. of Americansegments ILLUSTRATED: NEW SAM'SP.O. Box 1115,PHOTODept. AA, SaltLABLake City, Utah

A number of years ago, I remem- "SLIMLINE"Please find enclosed $ for ber how impressive the news was CARD - ACTUAL SIZE: Christmas Photos with attached negatives.

that the Book of Mormon had been 3-Vi"x7"Please Print printed in twenty or thirty lanSATISFACTION GUARANTEED Name guages. As a member of the lanAddressguage advisory committee, I learned ORDER NOW!

that there are more than 3,000 lanSorry! No guarantee of delivery on City State.

guages and dialects in current use. orders received after December 1. RESIDENTS of UTAH add 3'/2% TAX

The SeventhDay Adventists, for example, translate and publish into as many as 928 languages. One

memorandum shows that the Pub- U rr lishing House of Foreign Literaturein Moscow, USSR, regularly pubBURNED OUT lishes in about 70 or more languages. REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY

Important political speeches are ordinarily published in about fifty A fire may mean you are out of a place to live, languages, in addition to Russian, with tremendous added expense before you find within weeks of original release, another.

such as Abaza, Aisor, Altai, AzerbiLet us explain your need for ample insurance jabi, Baskir, and other minority lanto cover today's higher values.guages of the USSR and elsewhere.

Since NDEA was enacted (as the (Continued on page 868) UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

OCTOBER 1963 821

A TOTAL ELECTRIC

Letters and Reports

A wonderful new way to live

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

Buy now from your dealer NEW EAGLES YOUTH SECTION The rank of Eagle Scout was recently preIn my travels to the stakes of the Church sented to five boys and their Scoutmaster during the past five months as a represenin Troop 38 and Post 88 in the Berkeley tative of the Belief Society General Board,

P.L.C. landscape co. SecondStake. Ward,During OaklandBerkeleythe past year, Troop( Calif.38 Isponsehave accordedbeen impressed"The ErawithoftheYouth"eager secre-

was honored as one of the 25 outstanding tion of the Era by church members, old designing, remodeling Boy Scout troops in the Church. In the and young.

and complete landscaping pastadvancedyear, atallleastof theone boysrank, inandthe severaltroop peopleI haveof thehappilyChurchobservedlook forwardthat youngwith service by professional advanced three ranks. Pictured are Victor anticipation to reading their own section

landscape architects Lindblad, retired district scout executive, of our official church magazine and thrill

Mt. Diablo Council; William B. Wallace, to the challenges presented in such a vitroop committee chairman; David K. brant, fresh, and convincing manner. They

Hulme, Scoutmaster; Bruce M. Bicks; love the inspiration which comes from the

Wayne Z. Hale; John B. Balmforth; Alan reading of accomplishments of their peers,

B. Balmforth; Frank Hulme; and Bishop located in the branches and stakes all over

world. Bichard W. Owens. the

young reader declared, "The teens One presented in 'our section'of the Era not only live by the standards of the Church, but they seem to have so much fun doing it."

Church members everywhere, from Portland, Oregon to Tampa, Florida, are ardent in their praise for President Marion D.

Hanks and Sister Elaine Cannon. Their

appropriate themes, effective layouts, and, most of all, the appealing writing style go straight to the hearts of our young people.

One youth leader said, "Elaine speaks the language of our youth. Young people

devour every word she writes because

IDAHO MISSIONARIES they don't want to miss out on something good, and she makes having a testimony

Six elders and a lady missionary from and living the gospel the most cherished maas & grassli landscape architects TetonSwiss Mission,(Idaho) metStake,recentlyall laboringat Bern inwherethe thingMy inownthetestimonyworld."has been increased

they had the opportunity to go through through hearing of the genteel spirit, the the temple. They are, front row (1-r): gospel truths, and the tremendous uplift

Neil Kunz, Betty Miller, and Neil Moulton; found in these pages.

prove 3738323 back row, Blake Moffat, Denny Ure, Sincerely yours, ogden 3992931 Mickey Hansen, and Laddie Schiess. Hazel S. Cannon

salt lake city 4664746

822 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE SUPERIORITY OF THE ALLEN ORGAN

FIRST IN WARD

John Brown and Christopher Rickett are the first to receive the "Duty to God

Award"in the new Caldwell Ward, New

Jersey Stake. John is also the ward's first

Eagle Scout. Both are active in high

school athletics and have been named to their school's honor rolls.

NEW BRANCH ORGANIZED

Even with the sun brilliantly reflected off the snow, January 6th was a cold day in

Chama, New Mexico. Yet for many like

Alice Judd Wood, who had waited fifteen years, it went unnoticed as thirty Saints gathered to organize a branch of the

Church in the isolated, pine fringed ( elevation 8,000 feet) northern New Mexico town. CHURCHES SELECT AN ALLEN AND KNOW!

far removed from the existing So districts the in Westernbranches and place have no and chancetaking that guesswork Allen, At we believe disit is in the that "mailStates Mission is This such as an organ. investment major of a in the selection directly thetrict"supervised from and

mission headquarters in Denver, Colorado, especially true in churches and institutions, where an important the branch expects considerable growth purchase is also an important trust.

years with a soonto-betheduring coming of project At Allen, we know that all electronic organs are not alike in tone. Reclamationstarted Bureau

which will bring a sizable population We believe (and we have been told) that the tone of our electronic increase. organs is the finest. We support that judgment with this special The branch was organized under the

direction of Horace A. Christiansen, misSilver Anniversary guarantee:

sion president. The new branch president With the purchase of an Allen, we guarantee the tone of the Allen is Stewart Geddes.

to be superior to that of any comparable electric or electronic model within one year of its purchase. To prove this superiority

(if the issue arises), the tone will be adjudged in a sideby-side demonstration by a substantial congregational vote with a procedure satisfactory to all.

If this vote decides the Allen is not tonally superior to a competitive model, Allen Organ Company will adjust the organ to make it superior, replace it with another Allen, or refund the purchase

GAIN HONORS price.

This offer applies to any church or institutional Allen Organ purof Branch, the PromontoryAll young men 1, Sept. celebration, Silver Anniversary our chased new during received Stake River (Utah)South Bear for will be in effect This guarantee 1964. Sept. 1, 1963, through except two individualtheir awards who

entered the program too late in the year one year after the day of purchase.

winners qualify. Pictured are the awardto

presidency. Front row This is our guarantee—and your assurance. You can select an Allen the branchand

(1-r), Lyle Richman, 1st counselor; Merlin Organ with complete confidence, knowing you select the finest.

Larsen, president; Joseph Nicholas, 2nd

counselor; and Floyd Woodward, clerk. Cox Music Center Corcoran Music Co.

Second row (1-r), Gayle Richman, Ken7203 Woodlawn Avenue N.E. 3255 Wilshire Boulevard

neth Eggli, Howard Nicholas, Dale NichSeattle 15, Washington Los Angeles, California olas, Wells, Ronald Co. Music William Flint, Brent Schroeder Organ Summerhays Wells.Larsen, and Lael

State 3719 South 1434 E. McDowell

Phoenix, Arizona Salt Lake City, Utah

OCTOBER 1963 823 A sparkling collection of meditations, each combinDestined to be another best seller, this new book ing deep spiritual insight with brevity and beauty deals with the prophecies of Joseph Smith and their of expression. Dynamic, modernas-tomorrow, yet subsequent fulfillment. Liberally illustrated with

down to earth. charts and rare photographs.

$3.00 $3.95

8 BOOKS TO ENRICH YOUR 3. THE DAY THEY MARTYRED THE PROPHET By Henry A. Smith

The complete and detailed, account of this tragic event in Church history. Dramatic, moving, authentic. A story every Church member should know.

$3.25

Here is a limited edition reprint of a highly prized classic in Church literature. Exactly like the original

in every detail, but with new photos and additional biographical data added.

$4.00

ORDER FROM YOUR NEAREST BOOKCRAFT DEALER OR FROM BOOKCRAFT 1063 s 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send the following circled books for which I enclose check or money order12for $ 3 4 5 6 7 8

Name Address

City Zone State J music The MIXED VOICES Church Moves Seek and Ye Shall Find 25cNow Let Us All Praise God 25c On

An Evening's Pastorale.20c

Bach ALLELUJA #13 25c The Lord Is My Shepherd 25c Worthy Is The Lamb 25c JULY 1963 LADIES'VOICES The twoday YMMIA allChurch golf tournament at Willow

Let All My Life Be Music 25c J Creek Golf Course southeast of Salt Lake City ended. Winners

Old Things Are Done Away 30c included Henry G. Kershaw, Phoenix (Arizona) Fourteenth Ward,

allchurch champion; Arthur R. Evans, Layton (Arizona) Second

Ward, veterans'division; and Lyal Stringham, Walla Walla, WashMEN'S VOICES ington, over65 special trophy. Retaining their 1962 titles by

I Dream of Jeanie 25c winning again in 1963 were Richard H. Harris, Jr., of Menlo Park,

The Sleigh 20c California, junior division, and the Monument Park West (Salt Lake

City) team consisting of Perry Lane, Gary Wilmarth, and Ray

Tucker, who have won their title three years in a row.

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Mrs.

Lucile C. Reading as second counselor to General President

Music Co. LaVern W. Parmley of the Primary Association. Mrs. Reading,

a member of the Primary general board since May 1962, succeeds

IDAHO FALLS, IDAHO Mrs. Eileen R. Dunyon, now in England where her husband is

president of the Central British Mission.

This was the day of the Pioneers in the week and the month of the Utah Pioneers. Wherever there are Saints, they appropriately remembered the coming of President Brigham Young into

the Valley of the Great Salt Lake. In Salt Lake City there were

sunrise services; a more than two hour parade; Valiantly Onward,

a pageant; and a rodeo.

Two regions of the Church welfare program—Grand Coulee,

which includes Grand Coulee, Yakima, and Richland stakes;

and Spokane, which includes Spokane, Lewiston, and Coeur dAlene stakes, were organized. The designation given to the

former welfare region, Eastern Washington, was dropped.

AUGUST 1963

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

Thomas R. Stone of Glendale West Ward, Glendale (Caliryson fornia)headquartersStake, inasPapeete,presidentTahiti.of theHeFrenchsucceedsPolynesianPresidentMissionKendallwithW.

Young. President Stone, a decade ago, was filling a mission in

note! Tahiti, serving for one year as mission secretary and two years as a

counselor in the mission presidency. At the time of this call he

ctt nitoxia Landmaik on was the YMMIA activity counselor in Glendale Stake. To this

* WiLfzizE J-Swd., in i/axk atsa assignment will go his wife, Diane Stevenson Stone, and their two

small daughters. This is the oldest foreigntongued mission of the

laxqs ituaio 1&2 bs.dn.oonz crftiti.. Church; missionaries departed from Nauvoo on June 1, 1843 to go

nsiuLu utih.oints.ci in. tiaaitionaL to the South Seas.

Luxutu hiiuate. aaiasn rot uoui ch.iLa.isn America's Witness for Christ, the historicreligious pageant,

J}egan its twentysixth season of presentation tonight at the 2701 Wilshire Blvd.

Los Angeles 57, California Write for free brochure

826 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Hill Cumorah, New York. The four

nightly performances utilized some twentyfive stages, and a cast of four hundred augmented by some two hundred technicians. This year two

new scenes were added: one, depicting Lehi's exhortation to his people

and the other the instructions from

King Mosiah to his sons. The accompanying music for the pageant

was written by Dr. Crawford Gates.

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder John Peter Loscher, a Salt Lake City builder and former bishop of Cannon Ward, as president of the

Austrian Mission. He succeeds

President W. Whitney Smith. At the

time of this appointment President

Loscher was serving as a building missionary and construction supervisor in Germany. He is a native of

Germany, having filled a fulltime mission there before coming to the

United States in 1928. He filled another mission to Brazil, 193133, and

one to the SwissAustrian Mission, 195254. His wife, Frieda Marie

Huxhold Loscher, will accompany him on this latest church assignment.

One of their three children is currently serving a mission in Bavaria.

LDS missionaries first visited Vienna, the headquarters of this mission, as early as 1864.

The Wyoming Region of the church welfare program was organized with the following stakes:

Big Horn, Casper, Billings, and

Wind River.

Stake conferences began this "We switched to a Norelco sound system-

I weekend after the short summer vacation. and now everyone hears perfectly..."

Elder Fred A. Schwendiman sustained as president of Brigham In Parleys Stake House, Salt Lake City, the sound problem was

Young University Third Stake with complex: a gymnasium 60'xl25'with a cathedral ceiling, hardElders A. Harold Goodman and M. wood floors and nonacoustical walls. The solution: a Norelco sound

Carl Gibson as counselors. Presisystem consisting of an amplifier, microphones and sound columns

dent Schwendiman and Elder Good-—plus a Norelco tape recorder.

man were serving as counselors to The result is that now everyone can hear clearly, whether in the

President A. Peterson Dean who has

in permanent seating section or any other place in the hall. called to presiderecently been

the Norwegian Mission. Want to know how a Norelco installation can solve a sound probElder Nephi K. Kezerian sustained lem in your chapel, tabernacle or stake house? Write to Dept.

as first counselor to President Clyde IE11, North American Philips Company, Inc., Commercial Sound

D. Sandgren of Brigham Young Department, 100 East 42nd Street, New York 17, New York.

University Second Stake, succeeding

Elder Phileon B. Robinson, Jr.

Elder William R. Siddoway susfiloreico?/d

tained as second counselor succeedSound Systems ing Elder Kezerian.

( Continued on page 885

OCTOBER 1963 827 It is true that faith is Today is a part of eterChoose good companan essential principle in nity. What we are today ions and find among

all progress, not spiritual will determine largely them those with whom progress only, but to all what we experience, and you would like to go progress; next to faith as what we are tomorrow through life and eternity.

an essential to man's and will help to deteradvancement is free mine our position in the agency. world to come. Reverence for God

The Lord is not just and sacred things is the an absent, faraway inchief characteristic of a

The responsibility is These ideals are the fluence. He is a kind great soul.

upon each individual to eternal verities—individFather, solicitous of the

choose the path of rightual freedom to choose welfare of his children eousness of faithfulness one's life as long as one and ready and willing Young people: Is it

and of duty to fellow does not deprive another to hear and answer their the body you are going men. If he chooses of that right: integrity, call. The answer may to serve and be a slave

otherwise and as a result fair dealing, unbroken be negative, as someto or is it the spirit you meets failure, misery, pledges whether spoken times a wise parent are going to develop and death, he alone is or written, faith in God gives a negative answer and live happily in this to blame. and belief that there is to the pleadings of a life and in the world

much good in our fellow child, but he is ever to come?

men. ready to hear and to

answer.

I commend to you, The true aim of life young man and young is seeking the spiritual woman, the virtue of development rather than selfmastery if you would physical enjoyment or fulfil the true measure the acquisition of wealth. of your life in subduing

in order to realize the ideal, the spiritual development of your soul.

828 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

mmmmmm

Temptation does not The secret of true To work out one's Knowledge comes come to those who have happiness consists not salvation is not to sit through personal effort.

not thought of it before. of having, but of being, idly by, but it is to perIts acquisition involves

Keep your thoughts not of possessing, but of form daily, hourly, molabor. Exact and definclean, and it will be easy enjoying. It is a warm mentarily, if necessary, ite knowledge comes to

to resist temptations as glow of the heart at the immediate task or all of us in exact ratio they come. peace with itself. Man duty at hand and to conwith the amount of inis the creator of his own tinue happily in such telligence, moral courhappiness. It is the performance as the years age, and perseverance

The Lord has revealed aroma of life, lived come and go, leaving we put into the active in this day the plan of in harmony with high the fruits of such labors search for it.

salvation which is nothideals. either to self or to

ing more or less than others, to be bestowed the way to the spiritas a Just and Beneficent ual realm in character Father may determine.

worthy of entrance into his kingdom.

In the Church of Jesus Christ there are no masSeeking first the kingters and no servants but dom means subordinatall working for everyone ing to the principles and each one for all.

of the gospel all other aims and pursuits. The

first duty of the citizens of the kingdom is to live exemplary lives.

OCTOBER 1963 829 CONDITION OF MANKIND IN THE RESURRECTION

question: "Is a person resurdie will be raised as children for

rected to appear at the same age there is no growth in the grave, but as that to which he or she had will some appear to be thirty years attained when the body was laid old and some eighty or one hundred, in the resurrection?"down? I realize that children who YOUR

answer: There is no reason for in its perfect form; both limb andany person to be concerned as to QUES joint shall be restored to its proper

the appearance of individuals in frame, even as we now are at the resurrection. Death is a purithis time; and we shall be broughtfying process as far as the body is TION to stand before God, knowing even

concerned. We have reason to as we know now, and have a bright

believe that the appearance of old recollection of all our guilt.

age will disappear, and the body "Now, this restoration shall come ANSWERED BY will be restored with the full vigor to all, both old and young, both of manhood and womanhood. bond and free, both male and feChildren will arise as children, for JOSEPH male, both the wicked and the

there is no growth in the grave. righteous; and even there shall not FIELDING

Children will continue to grow so much as a hair of their heads be until they reach the full stature of lost; but everything shall be retheir spirits. Anything contrary to SMITH stored to its perfect frame, as it is

this would be inconsistent. When PRESIDENT OF now, or in the body, and shall be

our bodies are restored, they will THE COUNCIL brought and be arraigned before appear to be in the full vigor of OF THE TWELVE the bar of Christ the Son, and God manhood and womanhood, for the the Father and the Holy Spirit, condition of physical weakness will which is one Eternal God, to be all be left behind in the grave. Amulek, when speakjudged according to their works, whether they be

ing to the people of Ammonihah, presented this matter good or whether they be evil.

of the resurrection in clearness in the follow- "Now, behold, I have spoken unto you concerning ing words: the death of the mortal body, and also concerning

"And he [Jesus Christ] shall come into the world the resurrection of the mortal body. I say unto you

to redeem his people; and he shall take upon him that this mortal body is raised to an immortal body,

the transgressions of those who believe on his name; that is from death, even from the first death unto life,

and these are they that shall have eternal life, and that they can die no more; their spirits uniting with

salvation cometh to none else. their bodies, never to be divided; thus the whole

"Therefore the wicked remain as though there had becoming spiritual and immortal, that they can no been no redemption made, except it be the loosing more see corruption."(Alma 11:4045.)

of the bands of death; for behold, the day cometh that This is a very clear and informative statement in

all shall rise from the dead and stand before God, relation to the restoration of the spirit to the body and be judged according to their works. through the mercy of our Savior Jesus Christ. This

"Now, there is a death which is called a temporal great truth should impress every living soul with the death; and the death of Christ shall loose the bands need of obedience to all of the commandments of

of this temporal death, that all shall be raised from the Lord and impel us to be true to every covethis temporal death. nant and obligation contained in the fulness of

"The spirit and the body shall be reunited again the gospel. The fact that every soul shall live again

830 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA should be an incentive to all to live in strict obedience is this: When we shall have the privilege to meet our

to the divine will of our Eternal Father. To be mother, our aunt, our sister, this noble woman whose

banished from his presence and to be a partaker of mortal remains lie here now, but whose immortal the punishment which is in store for those who wilspirit has ascended to God from whence she came, fully and knowingly transgress the laws of the Eternal when that spirit shall return to take up this tabernacle

Father, should impress every soul and impress all again, here will be Aunt Rachel in her perfection....

to live lives of righteousness. While there will come Under the law of restoration that God has provided,

the universal resurrection, there are various times apshe will regain her perfection, the perfection of pointed for the coming forth of the dead. One great her youth, the perfection of her glory and of her being,

resurrection has already come to humanity. This was until her resurrected body shall assume the exact

at the resurrection of the Son of God. There will be stature of the spirit that possessed it here in its perfecother resurrections yet to come, and all will not come tion, and thus we shall see the glorified, redeemed,

forth at the same time, but this subject need not be exalted, perfected Aunt Rachel, mother, sister, saint discussed at this time. The great truth that is here and daughter of the living God, her identity being

emphasized is the fact that all shall come forth evenunchanged, as a child may grow to manhood or tually. Moreover, that there will be a restoration of womanhood and still be the same being."(Gospel

the physical body in its proper frame. Doctrine, President Joseph F. Smith, pp. 2324.)

President Joseph F. Smith when speaking at the Salvation would be incomplete if individuals should

funeral of Sister Rachel Grant, the mother of Presiarise in the resurrection with all the deformities, dent Heber J. Grant, had the following to say in weaknesses, and imperfections that are found in so

relation to deformities in the resurrection: many of the human family in this mortal existence.

"Deformity will be removed; defects will be elimiWe have every reason to believe that the spirits of

nated, and men and women shall attain to the perfecmankind and all other creatures were in a perfect tion of their spirits, to the perfection that God form in the spirit world. It would be an awful

designed in the beginning. It is his purpose that men stretch of the imagination to think that the imperand women, his children, born to become heirs of fections found so frequently in mortality were defects

God, and joint heirs with Jesus Christ, shall be made which were designed in the creation. Moreover, as

perfect, physically as well as spiritually, through the Lord made it clear in relation to the man who obedience to the law by which he has provided the was born blind, it was not an immortal condition. By

means that perfection shall come to all his children. the great power and faith of the Son of God, he was

Therefore, I look for the time to come when our dear able to correct deformity, blindness, and give to the

Brother William C. Staines, whom we all knew so deaf the gift of speech, by the word of his power.

well, and with whom we were familiar for years—I was The question has frequently been asked when a child

familiar with him all my life, just as I was familiar has been born with some physical defect or dewith Aunt Rachel here all my life, and do not rememformity, was this a punishment or a condition which ber the time when I did not know her—I look for the was his before he was born? No! All of these ills are

time when Brother Staines will be restored. He will ills of the flesh or defects that are due to mortal condinot remain the crippled and deformed William C. tions which may have come upon the body even before

Staines that we knew, but he will be restored to his birth, but we may be assured that these defects were perfect frame—every limb, every joint, every part of not conditions which existed in the world of spirits.

his physical being will be restored to its perfect It is the will of the Lord that in the restoration of all frame. This is the law and the word of God to us, things there shall come perfection. The physical deas it is contained in the revelations that have come fects, some of which may have resulted before birth,

to us through the Prophet Joseph Smith. The point are defects which are due to some phyical and mortal

in my mind which I desire to speak of particularly condition and not an inheritance from the spirit world.

OCTOBER 1963 831 i taljrf5*1 flSSfcs..."j,i.

": >'-f.-.'''*./

hk|rWy

BY MARGARET BUNEL EDWARDS

'Sudden plans for a holiday, far from home, hurtI smiled as I closed the door behind my patient. His

bewilderment could not have been more apparent and astonished me. Despite my protests at being

had he bluntly asked me, "How can you possibly be thrust into new surroundings with unfeeling strangers, a competent psychiatrist, when you are deaf?"my parents packed. We loaded the heavy Reo touring

Several things made it possible, I thought, as I car and headed for Quebec province. Our destinacrossed to my desk. A concealed tape recorder, from tion was Kamouraska, an isolated little fishing village

which my secretary transcribed notes for me to study, where my father had studied French and gathered was one of them. My lip reading and small hearing marine data for a thesis many years before.

aid were others. The village clung to the hard bare shore line of the

But the greatest asset was an intangible, a gift of broad St. Lawrence River. It braced itself prelove I received the summer I turned twelve years cariously against the ocean tides which churned the

old, the summer when an ear infection left me almost inland waters and salted them with life from the deep.

totally deaf. "I know these fisherfolk,"my father reassured me,

How bitter I had been. Eyes closed, fingers writing neatly on a sheet of paper. "They have somedrumming the desk before me, I experienced again thing to teach you, believe me."

the crippling emotion of selfpity that had discolored Teach indeed, when even if I could have heard my every thought and threatened to leave me as them speak, I did not understand a word of the blind to life as I was deaf. French language!

832 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA But gloom and dejection are not natural to a boy Low bushes covered the farflung berry patch, and of twelve, and curiosity about my new surroundings we bent eagerly to the task of filling our pails with finally drove me from the little cottage we had rented. the ripe, richly purple fruit. Engrossed in what

Fascinated, I watched the crashing, pounding waves I was doing, I wandered from the rest. Not until

seethe about the weathered rocks. Curious, I I straightened and sat for a moment on a large rock,

searched in the salty pools for strange little did I notice that Jean Paul was some distance away.

creatures as the water drained from the crevices However, a large clump of trees was directly beand indentations. hind me, and I decided to explore its shady secrets.

And soon I had a silent companion, a boy about How good it felt to step into the cool shadows after my own age, but what an odd boy. His eyes were being so long in the direct sun. But as I walked

crossed behind his steelrimmed spectacles, his teeth slowly, peering curiously about me, the earth suddenly showed crooked when a shy smile lit his long, thin opened at my feet, and I plummeted to the bottom face. Black stockings clothed his boney limbs, cushof a deep hole.

ioning a little the brace he wore on one leg. Still, Breathless and feeling decidely shaky, I examined

he knew the best places to play, had permission my surroundings. The pit was about four feet across

to use a small boat, and I grew to enjoy his and even when I stretched up my hands, I could not reserved company. reach the top. I dug my fingers into the earth and

"Too bad Jean Paul is so ugly,"I remarked at supper tried climbing, but my shoes slipped, and I came one evening. We sat around the table, the simple down again, hard.

furnishings of the room glowing warmly in the coalLeaning against the side of my prison, I stopped to oil lamplight. "If only he looked like his mother—she think. The trees hid the hole from sight, and no one

has such nice brown eyes."could possibly hear a cry for help above the chatter

"Jean Paul is adopted,"my father wrote. and singing of the pickers.

"Then why didn't the Levesques choose someone Desperately, my fingers closed about the earth else,"I demanded, in astonishment, "someone with under them. Of course, that's what I could do!

straight eyes, someone whose legs were normal?"Quickly, I scooped up handfuls of the moist earth

"They took Jean Paul because they felt no one and started lobbing them into the air. Surely I would

else would,"was the answer, and somehow I was be missed! And anyone seeing balls of earth

ashamed of my astonishment. I was humbled when shooting up from the trees would become curious

I thought of the steady, hardworking couple who and investigate.

could love a twisted waif. My arm grew tired from the constant throwing, and

The days passed pleasantly, swiftly. A small island, just as I felt my efforts were useless, a startled face

offshore, its vegetation starting at the line of the appeared over the side of the pit.

high tide, provided the background for every activity "Help, help,"I shouted, dancing about in my two young boys could imagine. Jean Paul and I narrow prison.

became friends, without reservation. The cool Two strong, tanned hands were thrust in my direcbreezes, laden with the pungent odor of seaweed and tion, and I grasped them firmly. Then my sturdy

fishing boats, filled our lungs with health and vigor. rescuer, a darkeyed woman with a blue scarf tied

But always the thought recurred to me. What was over her long hair, pulled backwards and with this

I to learn from these simple villagers? They fished assistance, I walked straight up the side of the pit.

and worked as their forefathers had, leisurely living Later, as I told my parents of the mishap, I had out their days in this small, isolated place. to laugh at what had happened. "Dad, can you

Then one morning, everyone who could spare the guess what that French woman did after she'd pulled time from his usual job, met in the big, open field me out of the hole?"

beside the dairy, ready to gather blueberries. Hot He shook his head.

sunshine beat down on the gaily dressed group. "She looked into my tin to make sure I hadn't

In company with my pal, surrounded by the happy spilled any berries. And then, as if on second

villagers, their spirits bubbling, I set out. My berry thought, she felt my arms and legs to see if I'd

pail hung about my neck, to allow both hands free hurt myself."

for picking. The old FrenchCanadian folk songs Dusk was settling softly over the neat wooden

sounded faintly in my ears, and I knew everyone was houses of the village as we returned to our little singing lustily as we walked in time to the music cottage. Lamplight flickered gently over the gay

through the fields. hooked rugs on the scrubbed pine floors.

OCTOBER 1963 833 I was glad to sink down on the cushions of the sounded fuzzily in my ears. Suddenly words and

couch, to ease my back from the stooped position sound and hearing made no difference. The message

of the berry picker. The wood stove had been of kindness, of affection came through, true and clear,

lighted, and soon our supper would be hot. How as I stood in the little group by the open door.

good my feather mattress would feel tonight! And then I knew I had learned my elusive, mysLater, seated at the table, I spread the thick French terious lesson. These friends had taught me to listen

bread with generous pats of dairy butter and with my heart.

ate hungrily. How the remembered closeness of that faraway

I saw my mother glance toward the door and knew evening could still kindle warmth within me! I

someone must have knocked. Curious, I ran to open turned to the typed report on my desk, ready to study

the sturdy pine door. the facts of my patient's case. And to the facts, I

There, smiling modestly, stood Jean Paul and his would add the feeling and impression his presence mother. In her outstretched hands, she held a shalhad left with me.

low woven basket. And in the basket I could see a Yes, that gift of understanding, received so long ago,

goldenbrown, sweetsmelling, juicy, bubbling bluewould supplement my findings with vital emotion.

berry pie! Once again, it would help me toward a wise decision,

Distant exclamations of delight and blurred talk as I hearkened to my heart.

Here in the city I am a captive Marching in a concrete trench Stopping and starting at a guard's command,

Living in dull shadows Of cold stern canyon walls Seeing a thousand faces Yet not one a friend. e xoo The rush, the noise, the heat

They grind my life away.

The fog, the smoke, the dirt, They crush my soul.

I long for the world of God.

BY RACHEL GRANT TAYLOR I long for the mountain height,

For the mirror lakes, its waterfalls,

Its rugged slopes, its pungent breeze,

Its sunlight sifted through the pines,

For snowbanks creeping close To beds of fern and columbine;

For the murmur of tall quaking asps

When quiet breezes blow, For the peace and silence of the night,

The sky a luminous deep blue covering

Pierced by a thousand brilliant loopholes into heaven;

They light my soul.

I long for thee, world of God!

834 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA POLYNESIAN CULTURAL CENTER... new life for

an ancient heritage

BY DAVID W. CUMMINGS

More than a century ago, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, although small and short of manpower, began establishing missions. Two were

singularly related—one the American Indians, the

other their cousins, the Polynesians.

The deep interest in the Polynesians shown by this longago mission has continued with constantly increasing scope and intensity. The Church has built

a temple in Hawaii and one in the land of the Maoris,

New Zealand. It has spread a network of chapels

and missionary facilities throughout Polynesia—established a modern school system, which consists of four

high schools in principal Polynesian centers and several grade schools, with the apex of the system, the

Church College of Hawaii.

Besides these religious and educational evidences of interest, Latterday Saint observers have shared warmly in the pride the Polynesian takes in his ancient arts and crafts and in the high level his disOne of the many beautitinctive culture attained centuries ago. But with the

panels carvedfully which passing years Polynesians have been forced to recoghouses. decorate the Maori

nize that it was a vanishing culture. The old masters

Saints Tongan weave were passing on, with fewer and fewer taking their fronds. mats from coconut

places. The sages in whose memories were stored

the unwritten traditions and genealogies of their people were fading from the scene, leaving scarcer and scarcer the guardians of their timeless lore.

But interest in this fact did not stop with mere concern. It was given effect in decisive action. Out of

long observation, firsthand experience, and intensive research came a concept that is absolutely unique.

Designed to serve the interests of the entire Polynesian race, idealistic in its aims and highly imaginative in giving them expression, it is a keenly fascinating place to see—the Polynesian Cultural

Center in Laie, Hawaii.

IMPROVEMENT ERA COLOR PHOTOS

BY DOYLE L. GREEN 835

LDS Polynesian Village at Laie, Oahu, Hawaii, to he opened to the public on October 12, 1963

To roam through the Cultural Center is to make a Church College of Hawaii, and now the Polynesian

PanPolynesian tour in a day. You see Maoris, TahiCultural Center. President David O. McKay many

tians, Fijians, Hawaiians, Samoans, and Tongans, each years ago envisioned Laie as a focal point of spiritual group occupying its own, trueto-life village. You and cultural activity in the Pacific. He together with

see them busy at their arts and crafts, living their Edward L. Clissold, Wendell B. Mendenhall, and

ageold folkways, reflecting in daylong activity a others have been the moving force behind this culture born in the untimed past. project. His vision has become a reality.

In effect, the Cultural Center is the show window The center has a geography of its own. Each vilof Polynesia—six villages peopled by six branches of lage has a name, a short phrase in its native tongue

a single race in one beautiful tropical setting—the translated into English and displayed on picturesquely

one opportunity in the world to see in living reality designed placards. Like a ribbon tying the six viland in all its varied survivals, the heritage of which lages together, a fresh water lagoon winds through

the Polynesians are so proud. the center. Bridges spanning it connect villages facWith all this to excite interest, it is not surprising ing each other across the lagoon. Each end of a

that the center, even before it was finished, was given bridge is decorated with the native artistry of recognized as potentially one of Hawaii's top tourist the village to which it gives entrance. At one point

attractions. E. W. Albrecht, Pan American Airways in the lagoon is an island covered with coconut palms.

manager in Hawaii, declares it to be the greatest There are three to five structures in each village, tourist asset produced in Hawaii since the war. This each structure having its peculiar use; for example,

is a curious paradox, for its basic purpose was not in the Fijian village has a temple, a chief's house, a the travel field at all! Yet it is a welcome paradox, for council house, an old people's home, and a commoner s

the more people who visit the center, the better its home. Douglas W. Burton, architect of Los Angeles,

purpose will be served. designed the center and all the structures and

The prediction of travel experts is that visitors to special features in it. He spent over two years in

the center will run into hundreds of thousands yearly. intensive research to make sure that the architecture

Lying some forty miles north of Honolulu, it is was authentic in every detail.

readily accessible by a drive through some of the A particularly striking feature of the center is the most magnificent scenery in Hawaii. On the left of Maori Village, consisting of one large meetinghouse

the highway are the deep green, curiously ribbed and two other houses, all ornamented with the fantasKoolau Mountains, on the right the restless surf tic carvings and woven panels for which the Maoris rolling out of the blue Pacific, and in between, exare famous. No such collection of Maori art exists

panses of beautiful countryside. Your destination, anywhere outside of New Zealand; it is one of the

Laie, has been a Mormon community for nearly a most valuable features of the center.

century. It is the home of the Hawaii Temple, the Near one end of the Cultural Center is a large

836 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Samoan sisters mix pleasure with work.

stage, and facing it across the lagoon are tiers of seats, forming a large amphitheater. The dressing rooms at

the rear of the stage have rock walls, and water cascades gently over the front walls into the lagoon.

Two performances will be given in the amphitheater daily. The performers will be students from the

nearby Church College who have won high admiration throughout Hawaii for their talent. The entertainment will be strictly Polynesian songs, dances,

pageantry, and spectacles.

There are guides to conduct visitors through the center. Lunchroom service is available both from

within the center and from the highway outside. A

moderate admission fee is charged. The revenue derived from it will go first to liquidating the cost of

building the center and second to setting up an operating fund. All net earnings will provide scholarships at

the Church College of Hawaii for graduates of the church high schools in the South Pacific.

The Cultural Center preaches a powerful sermon.

Under the direction of mainland supervisors, this gathering place of Polynesians was built largely by (Above) Against

Polynesians—and they put their heart in it. The visitor the backdrop of

their ferncovered sees in it a strength of faith and a depth of fidelity houses, three which stir not only admiration but also a desire to Fijians prepare know more about the religion that is the wellspring. grassline thebundlesceilings.to

That sermon, proclaimed in terms of an ancient Through a Tahiculture by a branch of the house of Israel, will tian fare, one can see the Hawaii reach hundreds of thousands yearly. The results Temple in the

are immeasurable. J distance.

Meanwhile, those legions of visitors will be instrumental in achieving the original, basic objectives of

OCTOBER 1963 837 Hawaiians weave pillows and make nets in front of their "Little Grass Shacks."

the Cultural Center. Actually seeing

Polynesia's art and craftsmanship being produced in the ageold ways is bound to create a widespread demand for them.

They will be available for purchase on the grounds. This interest can be

expected to expand into a demand which can be met only by drawing on supplies from home islands—for them an economic lift and a fresh stimulus to their

pride. Another practical return will be

gainful, supplying sparetime employment for Church College students.

The Polynesian Cultural Center is designed to be a revitalizing force, infusing new life into a culture that was tragically fading away. The objective

will be methodically to perpetuate its techniques.

Church members in the major Polynesian islands have been called for a given period to people the villages of the center. They include the skilled

and the unskilled—those who will teach

and those who will learn. Students at

the Church College nearby, who have caught the dream, will, as their schedule

Tahiti membersChurch from their completion five permits, join the learners. Thus, therush of

authentic houses. skilled will teach the unskilled. As

Skilled workers in New their tenure in Hawaii ends, they will carveZealand wooden panels return to their homelands, the learners houses.for Maori

newly rich in their race's finest treasure—its ageold arts and crafts and

colorful lore. Meanwhile others will

replace them at Laie, a ceaseless turnover through the years. It was for this

vital reason most of all—a practical

purpose molded by spiritual ideals—that

the Polynesian Cultural Center was created. It is the sanctuary of an ancient glory, destined to keep it vigorously and realistically alive!

y H BY ROBERT F. HICKS

1We hear much about the ill effects of isolation which her faith. Once there was a lapse of twelve years

often come to members of the Church. The problem before she again saw a member of the Church. There

is a familiar one to church officials who have seen was no bishop or branch president, not even a travelwhat the lack of contact with the Church can do. ing elder to counsel with, but how often her counsel

To many members, it leads to inactivity or complete was sought.

loss of interest in the gospel. Sometimes, however, Despite her good deeds, she was not without her

there are valiant exceptions, and Mother King was own trials. A serious blow came to her when a

one of them. grandchild at age two was injured in a fall, and as a

She was sprightly for her years. Never had I result the little girl was unable to hold up her head,

seen such a little old woman display such spirituality rather it would lie on one shoulder.

and enthusiasm for the gospel. And yet, until that Then word came from Akron, Ohio, that the

night, I never knew she existed. President of the Church would address the Saints

I had returned to a little Ohio town in 1950 on a living there. How glad was her heart! She would

selfappointed mission to visit "home folks"and go and meet her beloved Prophet!

preach the gospel to my own flesh and blood who Transportation that far was hard to obtain, but had never before heard it. I had been converted she managed the problem with faith and prayer and

as a lad in my teens, after my family and I had moved arrived in time to enter the small chapel before the away. While visiting in my home town, I attended meeting started. There in the foyer before her

the LDS branch in the nearby town of Alliance. stood the Lord's Anointed! With a gleam in his

The hall where the Saints met was small but comkindly eyes, the President grasped Mother's hand, fortable, and a spirit of love was prevalent. Only one gazed deeply into her eyes, and said, "Sister King,

member was missing that day—Sister Bessie L. King, from this hour, your grandchild (of whom he had

who was out of town that morning. She was known been told nothing) is healed of her infirmity."And

affectionately among the branch members as "Mother it was so!

King."The people were so lavish in their praise of In time the elders came to her town. Preaching

this woman and her good works that I decided to pay the gospel to many of the townspeople was easy in

Mother King a visit. That night my steps wound some ways, for a certain Mormon in their town had

their way to her door, and as the evening progressed, taught them these truths for more than a generation.

I listened amazed as she related her experiences, Baptisms followed.

which now have become a part of my own testimony. As I left Mother King that night, I felt that I had

The entire town knew and loved Mother and conconversed with an angel. How, I wondered, would

sidered her "their"Mormon. There was no home

that experienced grief, sorrow, or tragedy, without I stand up under isolation? I haven't been too sucMother there to give comfort. It may have been cessful at times with a chapel only a few blocks away.

only a verse or two of scripture, but to many it pointed Yet I know that if we are to accomplish the things the way or gave a new meaning to life. the Lord would have us do, we will all need a testiThrough two world wars, a depression, and other mony like Mother's. Only then will our greatest

worldshaking events, this good woman maintained tasks be accomplished.

OCTOBER 1963 839 President and Sister Henry D. Moyle at home.

Know ye not that they which run in a race run all, but one receiveth the prize?

So run that ye may obtain.

I therefore so run, not as uncertainly;

So fight I, not as one that beateth the air:

(1 Cor. 9:24, 26.)

These words from Paul, perhaps more than any other scripture, characterize the life of President Henry

Dinwoodey Moyle. They became a repeated theme

as he spoke to missionaries in many parts of the world.

"All are in the race, but only one receiveth the prize,"he was wont to say. He believed in excellence. He believed in achievement. He ran with

the competition wherever he found it, and "not uncertainly."He fought for the causes in which he

believed, "not as one that beateth the air."

Now the fight is over. The prize is won. He

passed away quietly in his sleep in the early morning of September 18, 1963, at the age of seventyfour, having been born in Salt Lake City, April 22, 1889.

In his office hangs a painting of the Master calming the stormy sea. It is titled, "Peace, Be Still."It

is characteristic of the man, and his life and death.

Wherever he went the impact of his tremendous personality and the strength of his trained mind soon began to stir the quiet and shake the lethargic.

He was a champion, a crusader, a clearthinking, unequivocating exponent of any cause he espoused, unrelenting in his advocacy. And then one night, at

the close of a strenuous day, came rest, and a sleep without an awakening in mortality. "Peace, be still."

Paul was his favorite writer, and Paul wrote his epitaph when he wrote his own:

"I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept the faith:

"Henceforth there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous judge, shall give me at that day...."(2 Tim. 4:7-8.)

His restless strength was an inheritance from strong President Moyle at the time of the dedication of the Bern, Switzerland chapel. forebears. His character was the blend of a remark840 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

PRESIDENT HENRY DINWOODEY MOYLE 18891963 BY GORDON B. HINCKLEY

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

able inheritance. The Moyles came from Cornwall States Mission of the Church. While serving in this

where England reaches a rough finger into the capacity he helped begin the great annual pageant at

Atlantic. The storms of centuries have lashed its the Hill Cumorah, "America's Witness for Christ."

rocky surface, testing its strength, but also leaving The figure of Moroni, which stands atop the hill, bears a green and rugged beauty. The Moyles were stonethe likeness of this man who presided over the mismasons, strong of body, independent in thought, sion at the time it was sculptured.

hardworking, and courageous. More than a century Henry Moyle's mother was Alice Dinwoodey, a

ago two Mormon missionaries knocked at the home woman of refinement, of artistry, with a love for the of John Rowe Moyle and asked for the privilege of beautiful. From her came a priceless endowment of

holding a meeting. They were invited in. To the faith, of humor, of simple and unaffected graciouspeople of the community this was like opening the ness, of appreciation for thoroughness in planning

door to the plague. But John Moyle, President and good craftsmanship in execution.

Moyle's greatgrandfather, was moved by convicHis mind was educated. He commented on one

tions and not by popular sentiment. The family was

baptized into The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. James, one of the boys and the grandfather of President Moyle, wrote of the occasion of

his baptism: "I covenanted with the Lord that I

would serve Him through good and evil report. It

was the turning point of my life."

The Dinwoodeys were drawn from Lancashire.

Henry Dinwoodey, President Moyle's maternal grandfather and whom he somewhat resembled physically, was born in the shadow of the mills, the smokestacks, and the pitheads that mark this great industrial area of England. Left fatherless at the age of thirteen, he

became an artisan in the manufacture of fine furniture. The substantial business in Salt Lake City that

bears his name is the lengthened shadow of his pioneer enterprise.

Good fruit comes of good stock. This fact of life

was clearly evident in the nature of Henry D. Moyle.

His father, James H. Moyle, was a giant of a man occasion: "At one time my father was afraid I would

in his physical bearing and in his achievements. He never go to the university, and then he was afraid I

was one of Utah's first lawyers. He was a dynamic would never get through going."Altogether he spent

force in politics. He served as Assistant Secretary nine years in university training. In 1909 he received

of the Treasury under appointment from President a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of

Woodrow Wilson and as United States Commissioner Utah in mining engineering.

of Customs under appointment from President FrankHe then served a mission to Germany, and followlin D. Roosevelt. He was obedient to the call of the ing his release in 1912, he enrolled in the university

priesthood, and at an age when most men are in of Freiburg where he took a year's study in geology.

retirement, he was asked to preside over the Eastern Upon returning to Salt Lake City, he again entered

OCTOBER 1963 MaMftiK

Two million Mormons all over

one President Moyle was of the speakers Church. "s: forceful of the

the University of Utah and took out another degree he was unrelenting, consistent, and persuasive in in science. He then went on to the University of his advocacy.

Chicago Law School, and from there to Harvard to His law practice led naturally to widely ranging complete his law studies. business interests. These included transportation

Law became his profession. He built an enviable (with directorships of one of the major railroads and

practice on the merits of his ability. He was recogone of the great trucking firms of the nation); oil (he

nized as an aggressive protagonist and an unyielding with his brothers and close friends organized three defender. He regarded himself as an equity lawyer. refining companies, and built them into highly sucHe disliked rigidity in the law as in all else. For cessful and prosperous businesses, he also served

twentyfive years he taught principles of equity at as consultant to one of the great refining corporations the University of Utah. These were of his very of America); ranching and livestock (he served as

nature. Judgment, in his opinion, should be based president of a large firm owning thousands of acres

on morals, ethics, and circumstances, rather than of choice range land in the high valleys of Utah and unyielding and impersonal rules. Wyoming); mining (with training in geology, mining

It was characteristic of his entire life. He recogand law, he handled extensive mining litigation in

nized the need for law and order, but above these the West); and banking, insurance, and finance (he

was the application of Christian love and an apprewas at home with men in these fields all over the ciation of human worth. When questions of discipline nation). His sound judgment and his business acuarose in the affairs of the Church, he constantly men became an invaluable asset to the Church in

pleaded that our responsibility is to save and not the administration of its affairs.

to condemn. Following the pattern of his father, he took an

The law was but one of many interests, and he active interest in the affairs of government, and made excelled with dynamic enthusiasm in all of them. He a significant contribution to civic affairs. In World

possessed tremendous physical vitality. His mind was War I, he was commissioned a captain of infantry.

flexible and alert. He had the selfdiscipline to unite In World War II, with the very life of the nation

both, and used his strength to achieve remarkable depending on the availability of gas and oil, he was accomplishments. He detested mediocrity. He appointed a director of the Petroleum Industry

pleaded with young men to live above it. In speaking Council, and chairman of refining for district four,

to them of their possibilities he put a solid pedestal which included the Mountain West area. He was

under their feet and a new star before their eyes. later named a director of the National Petroleum

"You can do anything you want to do,"was a freCouncil. Oil executives over the nation became his

quently repeated statement as he spoke to missionaries. intimate friends and respected him for his judgment,

Life is an opportunity to be lived with enthusiasm his dynamic handling of problems, and the goodness and with seriousness, and not to be frittered away. of his life.

Such was his philosophy. To a group in Amsterdam Water also became a challenging interest to him.

he declared on one occasion: "Life is a serious thing. He fully realized that the growth of the West deIf there is any one thing you can learn on your pended on conservation of water and its best use.

missions, in addition to a testimony of the Lord Jesus Governor George D. Clyde has said of him: "As a

Christ, it is to learn the seriousness of life."member of the Utah State Water Board, he rendered

He so lived it. Whether as a young missionary in great service to the people of Utah."He has, in

Germany, as United States Attorney pleading a cause very deed, been a selfsacrificing public servant in of justice, as an executive building a new business, times of national stress and in meeting the continuing as an apostle testifying of the divinity of the Lord, needs of the people. (Continued on page 888)

842 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the world mourn his passing

President Moyle as he appeared when he was sustained a member of the First Presidency in 1959.

SCIENCE BY DR. HARVEY FLETCHER

844 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I remember, when I was first ordained a deacon, and living things. Matter from either class has many

I went to priesthood meeting where the bishop was common characteristics, and both are subject to two presiding. All of a sudden he called on me to talk. great and universal forces. The first is called the

Well, I responded. I stood first on this foot and gravitational force. Every particle of matter in the

then on that foot and squirmed around. You know, universe attracts every other particle. No scientist

when you get frightened, all the words go out of has yet been able to say why this is true, but it is your mind. Finally I heard these words. I thought possible to predict the time of eclipses of the moon

it must be someone else speaking. I said, "I'd rather hundreds of years in advance of the actual occurrence

be good than great,"and sat down. and do it with an accuracy of less than a second. So

These words have stuck with me. I think the most everyone is attracted to every other individual whether

important thing in our lives is our religious activities. he likes it or not. Also each one is tied to every

They are more important than any achievements other particle in the universe by this force. We are

which we make in the secular world. conscious of this gravitational pull of the earth upon

"Science and Religion"seems to be a favorite topic our bodies in all of our activity, and we have to for young people, especially in this space age. T cope with it in spite of the fact we cannot understand

think this is particularly true of those who have been why it should be, and what property of matter makes taught a creed and philosophy about the relationship it that way.

of God and man, and then on attending college find It would be foolish to say, "I don't believe because some facts which seem to be contrary to what they I can't understand it."

have been taught at home. President Brimhall used The second great physical tie between all of us and

to refer to this period as the unfolding of the sophoevery other material particle comes from another more's mind. It is sometimes a difficult adjustment property of matter. Matter is composed of molecules,

to make, and some students never make it. which, in turn, can be broken down into atoms. Each

A scientist who has faith in God can keep that atom is a tiny universe of its own. It has a nucleus

faith by continuing to think and practise religious about which tiny particles of electricity called electhings. Such a person is able to do this in spite of trons are revolving. These electrons are the fundascientific conclusions that seem, at the moment, to mental constituents of all matter. Some of them are

be contradictory to his religious faith. This has cereasily detached from the atom, and, when so freed,

tainly been my experience. Then he tries to rationalthey produce all the electrical phenomena.

ize both his religious thinking and his scientific These electrons are a great social group. They are

finding to see if some agreement can be reached. all tied together by invisible ties such that when any

Frequently, he finds that what he thought was his one of them starts or stops or changes its motion in religious belief, and what he thought was a scientific any way, all the other electrons in the universe fact can be changed to bring them into agreement. are affected.

Sometimes, however, such a resolution does not satisfy When such a change is made, a wave is sent out his religious associates or his scientific coworkers, but from the electron, going away from it with the speed brings satisfaction into his own mind. Sometimes, of light or with a speed of 186,000 miles a second.

too, there appears to be no possibility of agreement. So whenever such a change of motion of an electron

For these cases, he just has to leave it as a problem takes place, it is signaled all over the earth in less unsolved and hope that at some future time more than oneseventh of a second.

knowledge will resolve the difficulty. It is this property that makes possible radio and

Let us take a look at our physical world and see television. The electrons in the sending antenna

some of the limitations of the human mind in underare made to dance in tune with the music or speech.

standing it. One of the first things we see is that Their manner of dancing is conveyed with the speed

the world is made up of matter. This matter can of light to the electrons in your home set, and there

be divided into two classes, dead or inanimate things the electrical vibrations are converted into sound.

From a talk delivered to Brigham Young University student body. Satellites are a good (Continued on page 882)

OCTOBER 1963 845 In 1911, Nephi Anderson, later the secretary of the Genealogical

Society, speaking in the Assembly Hall made these prophetic comments regarding the recordgathering role of the society.

"In conclusion, let me suggest the future of this work. I see the

records of the dead and their histories gathered from every nation under heaven to one great central library in Zion—the largest and

best equipped for its particular work in the world."

At the time this statement was made, there were fewer than 2,000 printed books in the library of the Genealogical Society, and, as the microfilming program of the Church did not start until some twentyseven years later, these volumes represented the total records available in the library.

The literal fulfilment of the prophecy of Nephi Anderson is evidenced by the latest statistics released by the Genealogical Society. As

of July 1, 1963, there were 67,000 printed volumes available to the patrons of the library of the Genealogical Society. In addition to the

printed books, there were 342,483 rolls of microfilmed genealogical records representing the equivalent of 1,649,161 printed volumes each of three hundred pages. Ample evidence of the fulfilment of the

prophecy of Nephi Anderson and the establishment of what must be the largest genealogical library of its kind in the world!

GENEALOGY

This great volume of available genealogical records files but also in the locating of genealogical material does not mean, however, that all the records have in other record depositories throughout the world.

been gathered from every country. In fact, there As this service grows, it will be of tremendous value

are some areas from which there are few genealogical to those who are seeking out their dead.

records available in the library. There are even counAs another means of assisting its patrons, the library

tries from which no genealogical records have yet has instituted a Custom Service which will reproduce been gathered. upon request paper copies of pages of printed books

The main function of the library of the Genealogical or even pages of microfilmed material. A request for

Society is to be of service to its patrons, who include such a service can be made either in person or by correnot only individuals from many countries of the world spondence. A nominal charge is made for this service.

but also many nonmembers of the Church. On an Requests must, of course, indicate what page of what

average, up to 600 people use its facilities each day; book is to be reproduced.

as many as 1,000 rolls of film are requested every day, As Nephi Anderson foretold over fifty years and as many as 1,200 books are used by the patrons ago, records of the dead are being gathered from of this service organization daily. many nations. Up to 200 new printed books are

In order that its facilities will be available to an added each month to the library. Each month over

even greater number of people the library is now open 3,000 rolls of microfilmed records are added to the from 8:30 am to 9:00 pm Monday through Friday, and already vast collection at the library.

from 8:30 am to 5:00 pm on Saturday. With these records and the recently added service

A reference service department has recently been facilities, members of the Church are being helped added to the library at which patrons will be able to in gathering records of their dead which will be receive assistance not only in the use of the catalog "worthy of all acceptation."

Pertinent Questions

Answered QUESTION: care in the compilation of their family group records

Our ward genealogical chairman has just introduced by following the standards outlined in the Genealogius to the new program whereby family group sheets cal Instruction Manual. In order that a further check

are to be checked by a member of the ward commitcan be made before the sheet is sent to the Genetee before such sheets are submitted to the Genealogical Society, it is recommended that the clerical alogical Society. My questions are (1) why is there a correctness of the sheet be checked at a ward level

need for such a program when the sheets are checked by a ward record examiner.

when they get to the Genealogical Society and (2) how (2) All ward record examiners will be given a spewill the ward record examiners make any necessary cial instruction booklet prepared by the Genealogical additions or corrections on the sheets? Society for their guidance in checking family group

sheets. Ward examiners have been instructed to

check the sheets within a day or two after receiving

ANSWER: them. They have been instructed also not to make any

(1) Although the standards of correctly compiling additions or corrections on the family group records family group records are covered in detail in the they check. Errors or omissions will be indicated

Genealogical Instruction Manual, many of the sheets by notes attached to the sheets. As this checking

received at the Genealogical Society are clerically inwill be done on a ward level, it will be possible, in correct. Consequently, a great deal of time is spent most instances, to discuss any errors or omissions

by the record examiners at the Genealogical Society with the patron who compiled the sheet so that the in correcting these many clerical errors. As a result same mistakes will not be repeated.

of this, the actual work of processing a sheet is slowed Ward record examiners will perform not only the down considerably, and the time between the subduty of "record censors"but also that of teachers, mission of the sheet and its clearance for temple for their personal contact with the compilers of family ordinances is lengthened. group records can be used to advantage to rectify

Members of the Church are encouraged to take the errors being made in record keeping.

OCTOBER 1963 847 A Teacher's Witness of Jesus BY JAMES R. HARRIS

FACULTY MEMBER, LOGAN INSTITUTE OF RELIGION

"Beware of the sophistry of the Gentiles."This warning expressed by the Prophet

Joseph Smith was recently restated by Elder Harold B. Lee who identified sophistry

as one of the major evils of our day:

"We have gone through—or are going through—a period that we might call

sophistication. I do not know what that word means either, but it generally

means that there are so many confounded smart people that they are not willing to listen to the humble prophets of the Lord. And we have suffered from that. And

it is rather a severe test through which we are passing."(BYU Devotional, Feb. 7, 1962.)

The power of man has become impressive, and his arm is mighty, producing a generation with a strong tendency to trust in technology. As physical persecution

took its toll of church members in an earlier period, so at the present time, sophistry and ease cause men to put their trust in the arm of flesh. Communist ideology may

represent the extreme position on this issue, but the "free world"is not without its exponents of a godless philosophy. Four years ago, while engaged in graduate study

at an eastern university, the writer, with his class, followed the activities of the "Sophists"during a week of devotion to the work and memory of Charles Darwin.

CONDUCTED The opening address, given in a chapel dedicated to worship, illustrates the extreme

BY THE position taken by some intellectuals. The keynote speaker announced that the time

had come to walk with God to the edge of the universe and tell him to jump. "WeUNIFIED

have no more need of thee.... We have grown up and become too sophisticated to

CHURCH believe in witches, good fairies, or Gods."

SCHOOL Still others in our culture profess God "... with their lips, but their hearts are far

SYSTEM from me...."(Pearl of Great Price, Joseph Smith 2:19.) They do not feel their dependence upon him. They may admit that they should look to him in all things, but

they do not feel the necessity to do so.

"And thus we can behold how false, and also the unsteadiness of the hearts of the children of men; yea, we can see that the Lord in his great infinite goodness doth

bless and prosper those who put their trust in him.

"Yea, and we may see at the very time when he doth prosper his people, yea, in the increase of their fields, their flocks and their herds, and in gold, and in silver, and in all manner of precious things of every kind and art; sparing their lives, and

delivering them out of the hands of their enemies; softening the hearts of their

enemies that they should not declare wars against them; yea, and in fine, doing all

things for the welfare and happiness of his people; yea, then is the time that they

do harden their hearts, and do forget the Lord their God, and do trample under their feet the Holy One—yea, and this because of their ease, and their exceedingly

great prosperity.

"And thus we see that except the Lord doth chasten his people with many afflictions, yea, except he doth visit them with death and with terror, and with famine and with all manner of pestilence, they will not remember him."(Helaman 12:1-3.

Italics added.)

Most lamentable is man's readiness to discard the counsel of the Lord as given

the Christ

through the scriptures, the living prophets, and the kind of knowledge that is barren and unfruitful. We

Holy Spirit. Our Lord gave the priesthood a strong are sometimes left with the impression that drawing

reproof for this "grievous sin"in this dispensation! near to the Savior involves the memorization of physi-

"But behold, verily I say unto you, that there are cal features or the enumeration of divine character many who have been ordained among you, whom traits. Obtaining true ideas about the physical ap-

I have called but few of them are chosen. pearance of our Lord is an important step in building

"They who are not chosen have sinned a very that confidence necessary for the exercise of faith.

grievous sin, in that they are walking in darkness at The same thing can be said for true ideas relative to noonday."(D&C 95:5-6.) the character of God. If, however, our knowledge of

Those who bear the Holy Priesthood and will not the Savior ends with these intellectualized descripbend their will to the will of their Lord are left to tions, we cannot expect to be "fruitful."Fruitful

themselves, i.e., to their own natural strength. They knowledge involves a partaking "of the divine nature."

cannot partake of the "powers of heaven,"and without (Ibid., 1:4.) The qualities of faith, virtue, knowledge,

the powers of heaven to purify their hearts, expand and others, are as characteristic of the divine nature their understanding, and strengthen them in their as they are to the saintly nature, for a genuine Saint resistance against evil, they are not able to overcome has become one with God. As we become partakers

sufficiently to become the sons of God. of the divine nature we add to our faith his divine

"But verily, verily, I say unto you, that as many virtue, his divine knowledge, his divine patience, as receive me, to them will I give power to become his divine love, and other divine attributes, through the sons of God, even to them that believe on my the purifying and conditioning influence of the Holy name...."{Ibid., 11:30.) Spirit. To know the nature of God, to any degree, is

The supreme joy for a teacher of the gospel is to to be a partaker of that nature, to experience that pierce the shell of sophistry, to soften the unbelieving nature. A teacher may in all sincerity stand before

heart, and to see the human will bend to the divine his class and testify that he has read the words in the will. This is righteousness, and there is no other scriptures which declare the justice, the mercy, and

standard of righteousness. the love of God; he may assure students of his belief

A teacher's power to penetrate the shell of sophistiin these words, and such assurance will benefit and cation with a soulstirring witness of the divine misuplift his hearers. But consider the strength of his

sion of our Lord and Savior, seems to be in direct testimony if he can bear firsthand witness that our proportion to his personal knowledge of the Savior Savior is a God of mercy because he has tasted of and the spiritual influence that accompanies his his love and has partaken of the "joy of the Saints."

words. To expand this personal knowledge and (Alma 36:2426.) To have this kind of witness carried

intensify this spiritual influence is of primary iminto the hearts of students by the Holy Spirit will portance to effective teaching. The Apostle Peter lead to changed hearts, changed desires, and renewed

enumerated the characteristics of a Saint, admonishing bodies—even as Enos who, in the words of Spencer

all who would serve our Lord to be diligent in their W. Kimball, came to realize that:

efforts to acquire these qualities. Peter followed this "No one can be saved in his sins, that no unclean

admonition with a promise that those who would take thing can enter into the kingdom of God, that there his counsel would "neither be barren nor unfruitful must be a cleansing, that stains must be eliminated, in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ."(2 Peter new flesh over scars. He came to realize that there

1:8.) The implication is clear that some knowledge must be a purging, a new heart in a new man. He

of our Lord is abundantly fruitful and that there is a knew it was not a small (Continued on page 858)

OCTOBER 1963 849 Since the days of the Mexican War, when President Polk called upon

Brigham Young to form the Mormon Battalion, young men of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints have served in the armed services of their country.

The entire Corps of Cadets is served three meals a day, simultaneously, family style, in the interior of Washington Hall.

Checking his rifle for SI (Saturday Inspection) is

Cadet Wylie Smith, Ogden, Utah.

Cadets show form for a winter review in Central Area.

8SO Mormons at West Point

BY MARDEANE CARVER JORDAN

"There will be a meeting of all Plebes who first ray of sunshine in the otherwise almost unbeare members of The Church of Jesus Christ lievably hectic days since he entered the Academy of Latterday Saints at the right of the on the first Tuesday in July.

center mess hall door after dinner today."Immediately upon the arrival of the new plebe

class, upperclassmen begin the task of shaping these

Each year this simple announcement is made from the average American boys into orderly, welldisciplined balcony of the huge mess hall at the United States members of the Corps of Cadets. The constant

Military Academy. Looking over the sea of faces orders, "Get those shoulders back, Mister,""Head up,

below, one would find it impossible to pick out the chin in,""Pop up that chest, DoWilly,"barked at the new plebes (Freshmen) to whom this message is plebe by unrelenting upperclassmen, put the young directed. Their identical uniforms and shortcropped man in a veritable "brace."

hair outwardly tend to take away individual identity. The new plebe quickly learns, too, that any slovenly

These young men may be sons of the rich, sons of habits of tardiness, irresponsibility, or untidiness have the poor; generals'sons or sergeants'sons; former no place in his new life. For sixteen frustrating hours

students, or soldiers from the ranks. Now they are a day he doubletimes to formations and drills, and

the same, plebes at West Point. undergoes endless inspections. Everything he does,

To the Mormon plebe this message may be the no matter how insignificant it may seem, must be

Nine of the eleven LDS plebes who entered the academy in July, 1962, are shown after their second meeting with the Mormon group.

OCTOBER 1963 851 Cadets, elders, soldiers, and friends join in singing Christmas carols following a skating party and chili supper.

done to the very best of his ability.

West Point has the duty to demand the best from each member of the Corps of Cadets. The primary

mission of the Academy has been the same since

President Thomas Jefferson signed the Act of Congress authorizing the establishment of the United States

Military Academy (with a strength of five officers and ten cadets) on March 16, 1802. That objective is

to furnish the United States Army with officers, excellently trained and in every way qualified for a lifetime career of increasing responsibilities in the defense of their country.

West Point is steeped with rich tradition and heritage, for the beginning of our country marked its beginning also. The colonists, fighting for

their freedom from England, realized that if the

British were allowed to control the Hudson River, the colonies would be cut in half. To prevent this,

they wisely determined to fortify the Hudson Valley.

Crossing the Hudson on ice, the troops climbed to a small plain covered with yellow pines. Here they

tramped down the snow, spread their blankets, and

West Point had its beginning. Since that day one

hundred and eightyfour years ago, this point of land

Cadets briskly march into formation to lunch in Washon the west shore of the Hudson River has been ington Hall. central to our nation's military history. From its

barracks and classrooms have come such leaders as assisted Utah, Ogden,Cadet Larry H. Isakson, with inGrant, Lee, Pershing, MacArthur, and Eisenhower.

also Ogden. P. Wangsgard,struction of by Chris

In answer to the announcement made in the mess hall, the newly arrived LDS plebes, waited by the center door of Washington Hall. Here, for the first

time in the summer of 1962, they met Cadet Don

Reid of Washington, DC, a first classman (Senior).

Don's summer military duties assigned him to the first Beast Detail, training the new plebes. His

church duties gave him the responsibility of conducting the Latterday Saint meetings during the first half of Beast Barracks.

On hand, too, were the LDS families of service personnel stationed for duty at the Military Academy.

Though the hymns they sang were familiar, and the

LDS plebes (cadets of the fourth class) working on a project for the building fund are, (I to r), Cadets Richard

Woodward, Torrence, California; Richard Green, Bountiful, Utah; and Garry Droubay, Butte, Montana.

Sacrament service proceeded much the same as in ings for the LDS plebes with the help of the Yearlings their home wards, the plebes didn't forget for a mowho continued to come in from Camp Buckner, and ment that they were at the Military Academy. Upperassisted by the missionaries from the Newburgh,

classmen smiled to themselves, remembering when NY area.

they, too, had first attended church with this group. With the arrival of Reorganization Week in SeptemIn a short time they knew, the plebes would come to ber, all members of the upper classes who had been

realize that here no rank existed, only brotherhood. on leave or assigned to other duties away from the

Midway through Beast Barracks the plebes were Academy returned. Members of the Fourth Class

given their first "walking privileges."(Saturday afterwere assigned to their regular companies, paraded

noon off.) On this occasion the new Mormon cadets with the entire brigade for the first time, and were

were invited to join with other members of the LDS formally admitted to the Corps of Cadets.

group at a cookout in the back yard of one of the Though weekly parades continue and military discimember's homes. pline never ceases, in the fall of the year West Point

They listened to the tales of "Now when I was a takes on more of a collegiate atmosphere. Academics

plebe"from those who had gone through the experibegin, and every afternoon the football team can be ence last year, three years before, and even sixteen seen at practice on the playing fields while plebes years before. Before long they were swapping stories count off the days until Army's first big game.

of their own experiences with the rest and laughing West Point was our country's first and for years its at their own mistakes. only engineering school. After the Civil War the

The following week a second Beast Detail arrived, course of study at the Military Academy was strongly and a new group of upperclassmen assumed command expanded beyond the engineering field. Two world

of the last half of rigorous Beast Barracks. This time, wars also taught that the effective army officer must

Cadet Wylie Smith, a second classman (Junior), from have an even larger variety of skills and knowledge,

Ogden, Utah, was on hand to supervise church meetboth military and (Continued on page 886)

Li. Kenny Wallace, class

of 1962, demonstrates a In a rare moment of reskill that gave him a laxation, Cadet Donald A.

place on the West Point Phillpotts, El Paso, Texas,

Gymnastics Team. writes a letter home. Graduation is time for the traditional "Cap Throw."

WHAT MAF>F>EI\IE.D TO

BY JOHN M. WOOLF

Once when I was a young man, I passed a group of when my headlights picked up a road sign. There

young men at a gun emplacement on the shores of was a short semicircle running just parallel to the the Pacific Ocean. As our company marched by, highway, a short strip of bulldozed dirt road, so I

they fired a stream of tracers out over the ocean. I pulled off the highway. Turning the headlights

don't know where they hit, but it is safe to say on, I climbed through a barbedwire fence, tearing "Somewhere in the Pacific."my trousers, and in the faint gleam read the tablet

In target practice the objective is to hit the target of brass.

squarely. As a writer I have tried to hit the story It marked the actual spot where the center line

behind the name Sacajawea squarely on target. I of the spine of the RockyAndes chain from Tierra del

have some distance to travel yet, but regarding her Fuego to Alaska known as the great divide crossed death as a very old woman, I have pinpointed it and the South Pass road.

visited the region in which it occurred. South Pass was grassland cut by one creek eating

Consciously setting out to write something in the its way into clay banks and called the Wind River.

field of history for the first time, I decided to do some It descends from the most remote mountain scenery research on the life of this famous woman since she I have ever seen in traveling from San Diego to interested me strangely, and since I too had lived Seattle and El Paso to Laramie. Two Wind River

in the American West. At the outset I knew nothing peaks are named after two historical figures—Fremont

about the fact that she had guided Lewis and Clark and Sacajawea. Fremont sought out this farfamed

and their scouts on a long journey over the American Indian woman guide and made friends with her. An

wilderness from North Dakota to Seaside, Oregon. army officer with a fine technical background, he

The question I asked was—did she ever return from charted much of the west and wrote a travel journal

the Pacific Coast to her native childhood haunts or on his explorations. He thought the peaks in this

did she stay on the coast and die there? region unique enough to bear his name. Fremont

In my basement I found a Wyoming road map Peak and Sacajawea Peak stand side by side, looking with her grave marked by a small red square. It down on the little Indian post called Fort Washakie.

was near a place called South Pass. I was curious. I Fremont traveled on to California and ran for

decided to visit South Pass and her grave not far president of the United States, but Sacajawea stayed.

from Lander on the Wind River Reservation at Fort She went to Fort Bridger on the modern Lincoln

Washakie, Wyoming. Highway (US Highway 30) in Wyoming to help

At Jackson I discovered a unique geographic fact. negotiate with Washakie and the government repreThe town square contains a rustic roof over a map sentatives, the treaty creating the Wind River

with a printed legend. It tells of the not fardistant Reservation for the Shoshone nation.

point in the mountains called Ocean Creek where Washakie befriended Brigham Young and the trout swim both ways over the great divide. The Mormon pioneers who passed in peace with their

great divide is, of course, the ridge of the Rockies covered wagons. Later Washakie and six hundred

from Alaska to South America. A gas station atbraves called on the Mormons in newborn Salt Lake

tendant also told me, and the chart confirmed it, City for powwow and dinner. The whites called

that all three rivers, the Columbia, the Colorado, and him the George Washington of the Shoshone and the Missouri, had tributaries that rise in these mounhonored him along with a statue to Jim Bridger and tains near Yellowstone. They flow along three routes Brigham Young in the center of Salt Lake City. A

toward Astoria, Oregon, the Gulf of California, and magnificent bronze figure represents Washakie with

New Orleans. the lithe limbs of the young Indian warrior.

Leaving Jackson behind, I was determined to find Grace Hibbard, a folklore expert at the University

South Pass and visit the grave of Sacajawea. The of Wyoming at Laramie, was determined to do work

drive through high mountains was as rugged as I on Sacajawea. She went to the old scattered sodhave ever taken. roofed log huts on the reservation and found Saca-

I found on the road map a dot representing a monujawea living on a government pension with daily ment or marker of some kind to mark the spot where trips to the trading post for groceries in sight of the the ridge and the highway cross. It was late at night high peak named after her by Frement. Also before

OCTOBER 1963 855 her was the row of needles near Lander, Wyoming. of Fremont. He described South Pass in a beautiGrace turned up some interesting facts. ful, realistic, and straightforward prose account.

First of all Sacajawea died at about a hundred It is, he said, a natural saddle or highway crossing years of age. Second, her grave lies between two the great divide, and over it the herds of buffalo cross

markers for her two sons, one adopted and the other the Rockies. Their hooves have worn a path,

the offspring of her halfbreed FrenchCanadian hustrampling out the grass, and they have made natural band, Charboneau. This boy, slung on her back highways to the west for the pioneers to follow. Brigpapoose style, had jogged and ridden in boat and on ham Young read Fremont's journals and pondered

portage, following the river system from the Mandan their lessons. Fremont had written about his short

Indian village which is now Stanton, North Dakota, cruise in an Indian raft eighteen feet long down where a pageant annually recalls the events, to the Bear River and into the Bear River Bay of the

Astoria, Oregon, and down the Oregon coast a few Great Salt Lake. This same lake the young twentymiles to a pleasant beach at Seaside, Oregon. yearold Jim Bridger had greeted, and after scoopOn a later trip to Seaside I saw a marker showing ing up a mouthful had declared that it was the

where she had stopped with the party of scouts to "Pacific Ocean!"

distil sea water for salting jerked venison for the The little log fort at Bridger, Wyoming, east of return trip to St. Louis, Missouri, on the Big Muddy Evanston, is little noticed by tourists today, driving

River. When she got back near Lander, she was along the highway.

encouraged by Clark to part company with her I had a flat tire there late at night while I was a husband. She did so. Clark took her son to St. Louis driver for a family en route from New York to Salt

to educate in the white man's ways. Later the boy Lake. It was then an oasis in a vast wilderness. It

met Prince Rupert of Bavaria whose journal of westwas a day or two west of the divide that Jim met ern travel tells of the meeting in the forests and of Brigham Young, and the two parleyed, and Bridger the boy's returning with him to Bavaria. When said that he would give a thousand dollars if he only

Batiste came back to the United States, he returned knew that corn could be raised in the Salt Lake Valley.

to the Wind River Reservation, lived in the outof- A researcher at the old mansion on South Temple doors, and at last lay buried with his adopted Street brought me a clipping. In picture and text,

brother beside his mother on a lonely hill in Wyoming. it told how a beautiful, maturelooking Indian woman,

I stood beside her grave as wind rippled the bunch who looked for all the world like a princess in her grass on the hillside in the shadow of her own peak beaded headband, long, braided, ravenblack tresses, and that of Fremont. Then I drove a mile to an

Indian graveyard in a walled enclosure. A monument buckskin, and fringe decorated tunic dress had come

to Washakie lay inside inscribed with his "name and to the Indian school at Brigham City one day for fame"—"Washakie—a wise leader."instruction and stayed to study. She was the grandBack on South Temple Street in Salt Lake City one daughter of Sacajawea. She has joined the Mormon

afternoon, dropping into the State Historical Society's Church. She and her family live near the border belovely old mansion, I browsed through the journal tween Wyoming and Utah in the Evanston region.

THE PRAIRIESTUDIO

BY GEORGIA MOORE EBERLING

The plains lie like a canvas in a frame. With purple shadows in the sheltered glades.

Each artistseason paints with colors bold, But fall depicts bright glints of bronze and umber,

And no two etchers see or paint the same, With overtones of russet and leafbrown;

If color be gamboge or pirate's gold. Then nature calls the weary world to slumber

In spring the silversage and cactusgreen And drapes a coverlet of pale snow down.

Spread to the distant hills, while rainbow shades The prairiestudio holds priceless art

Of prairie flowers adorn each picturescene, For those who have the artist eye and heart.

856 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA LIFE IS A

A month or so ago, I reached into my refrigerator, and in my vegetable tray I found an enormous, LD El\ golden peach—beautiful, firm.

It was past the peach season, and I wondered how it had managed to stay here so long. Then, sudiaTU1 denly, I knew.

My husband had left it for me. I had left it for

him. Each of us had looked at it and probably

thought that it was just too nice to eat yet. We

would keep it a little longer, savor it more later.

I cut it open. On the inside, instead of the peach

being firm and juicy and sweet, it was brown and soft. The life, the flavor, everything that made a

peach good, was gone, spoiled.

As I held it in my hand, I thought how often we commit this same sin against life itself. In a sense,

we put it aside; we think tomorrow I will be kind,

I will be happy, I will enjoy the day. But, right

now, it is so much easier to procrastinate, to be unhappy and grumpy, to neglect those around us, our friends, our family, always thinking we can make it up tomorrow or next year.

What we don't realize is that the happiness which would mean so much today may lose its savor if it comes too late. The kindness may meet bitterness

that has accumulated through years of neglect. In

fact, the fruit of living may have lost its sweetness and gone sour.

I am thinking of a friend in another city. For

years, her husband had been mean and niggardly with her. He had seemingly begrudged her every

cent he gave her. She had gone to work to earn

enough for the things she wanted or even needed.

Now, they are older, and he suddenly lavished her with gifts. But so much bitterness has grown within

her through the years, that she merely told him to take them back, adding, "There is nothing I want that you can give me."

Probably, in the back of his mind, he was always thinking, "I will deny her now so that someday I can give her better things."

What he didn't realize was that even the smallest thing can be given—or denied—with grace. It was his

attitude that was wrong, as well as the idea itself.

For it is a proven fact that as we grow older, our pleasure in possessions lessens. The bauble which

would have meant so much to a woman when she was young, lies meaningless in her jewel case, when she is older.

So grasp the golden peach of life today, savor it, share it, and you will have all its goodness, plus an even more important thing, a golden memory.

BY CHRISTIE LUND COLES

OCTOBER 1963 8S7

A Teachers Witness of the divine nature does not speak power of God, and when the class

Jesus the Christ of the experiences of Paul, Peter, has been motivated to the point that

Alma, and Amulek as ancient hisits members "desire the sincere milk ( Continued from page 849 tory. The words of these men come of the word, that ye may grow

thing to change hearts, and minds, alive as they fall from his lips bethereby": (1 Peter 2:2.) On the other

and tissues."(BYU Devotional, Oct. cause he has tasted as they have hand, teachers of the world may at11, 1961.) tasted, and when he follows their tain to great heights in popularity

Thus, having tasted the heavenly experiences to heights that he perand influence, but they cannot bring gift, students will hunger and thirst sonally has never attained, he retheir fellow men to Christ because that they might taste again and joices with them and is spurred on they know not the way. "True

again, until that promised day is by the living hope within his heart. shepherds"are not concerned with

reached when they can feast upon The ideal teaching situation is building their own kingdom, but in this sweet fruit "even until ye are reached when a teacher, prepared bringing others to taste of the exfilled, that ye hunger not, neither by experience, stands before his class ceeding great joy of the kingdom of shall ye thirst."(Alma 32:42.) filled with desire to teach principles God. Alma reflected upon those

The teacher who has partaken of of salvation with the authority and experiences that led him to taste, and describes the fruitfulness of his labors from that time forth:

"Yea, and from that time even until now, I have labored without ceasing, that I might bring souls

THE EXCESSES OF AGE - untothem repentance;to taste of thatthe exceedingI might bringjoy

of which I did taste; that they might AND YOUTH also be born of God, and be filled

with the Holy Ghost.

"Yea, and now behold, O my son,

RICHARD L. EVANS thegreatLordjoy indoththe givefruit meof myexceedinglabors;

Some weeks ago we spoke of moderation, of broadmindedness and narrow- "For because of the word which mindedness, tolerance and intolerance, and of extremes and excesses in he has imparted unto me, behold, different directions. And we closed with the comment that even socalled many have been born of God, and

moderation is sometimes excessive. To embrace an evil, even with restraint, have tasted as I have tasted, and

is hardly moderation in the sincerest sense. To partake of that which is have seen eye to eye as I have seen;

not good, to use that which should not be used, to do that which should therefore they do know of these not be done, is, in the sincerest sense, excess. It is apparent that the purthings of which I have spoken as I

suits of people often swing like a pendulum, from a far direction one way do know; and the knowledge which

to a far direction in another; from the underdoing to the overdoing; from I have is of God."(Alma 36:2426.)

lukewarm, lack of enthusiasm to feverish excessive obsession. In the older Note that the Lord gave Alma

years of life we are likely to come to more of moderation, sometimes "exceeding great joy in the fruit of because of more mature judgment, sometimes because of necessity. But his labors."What greater incentive

how much better to avoid extremes even in the earlier years. "The excesses could a teacher have than to stand

of our youth,"said one seasoned observer, "are drafts upon our old age, before his class with the sustaining payable with interest, about thirty years after date."1 As to those who power of the Holy Spirit and experiwould rush all things, who would push all things, who press life too fast ence sublime joy and satisfaction in

too far—those who are disposed to speed, to seek socalled thrills, those who his immediate efforts and have the

pursue the headlong living of life, to such Thomas Jefferson said: "Of prospects of rejoicing evermore in

all calamities this [intemperance] is the greatest"2—this stampeding as if the fruits of his labors?

one wished to live life all at once, this taking reckless chances, without The master teacher, who is a true regard to physical safety, to reason or conscience or caution. Those who witness of our Lord, can be diswould press for extremes, who would run against the law, the commandtinguished from his colleagues in the

ments, the conventions; against the rules of safety, the laws of health, world by several unusual characteragainst simple, common sense—to all who would run rashly, who would istics. First, he loves to read the

risk rashly, who would place all on one run, one race, one chance, one scriptures. Second, he listens to or

moment, one impetuous impulse—all such should most earnestly consider attends general conference sessions

that life is forever, through the days and years of time, through the endand seriously ponders the words of lessness of eternity, and ought to be paced and apportioned, with a look our Church Authorities. Third, he

at lasting values—and this attitude of daring to "live dangerously"will not fasts and prays as often as necessary

hold up well over the whole long length of life. The thrill of a moment to retain the companionship of the

isn't worth a long lifetime of regret. Spirit, for without the Spirit of the

Lord, his works are dead, his words *Caleb C. Colton (17801832), English clergy. empty and powerless, and his

-Thomas Jefferson: Letter to Mary Jefferson Eppes, 1798. classes lifeless.

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Columbia The master teacher could never

Broadcasting System, April 21, 1963. Copyright 1963. (Continued on page 862)

858 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Most service stations today give good service. Some, of course, are better than others. Many of

these—many of the best—are Conoco stations with fast, friendly service that makes stopping

a pleasure. We like to say that Conoco service... and Conoco dealers... are truly as "Friendly as

the West."Stop in and see if this isn't so!

CONOCO Hottest Brand Going!

1962, Continental Oil Company

OCTOBER 1963 859 IN THE FINEST TRADITION

QREAT SWELL TEDAL (ACCESSORIES

Open Diapason....8 Flauto Dolce 16 Diapason.16

Bourdon 8 Diapason 8 Sub Bass.16 Completelybination action.adjustable(Three SwellcomDulciana 8 Rohrflote 8 Octave..8 pistons, three Great pistons,

Octave 4 Salicional 8 Bourdon..8 four General pistons and four

Rohrflote 4 Principal 4 Super Octave......4 toe studs)

Quint 2% Gedeckt 4 Blockflote..2 Great to Pedal reversible

Super Octave 2 Salicet 4.IV Register crescendo pedal

Mixture IV Nazard... 2% Posaune.16 with indicator light

Trumpet 16 Octave 2..8 Individual expression pedals

Trumpet 8 Flautino 2 Schalmei 4 for Swell and Great manuals with indicator lights Clarinet 8 Mixture IV Pedalboard light Chimes Fagott 16 Celesta Trompette 8 COUPLERS Operating pilot light

Oboe 8 Swell to Great.....8 Fallboard cover and lock

Clarion 4 Great to Pedal......8 Chorus control

Vibrato Swell to Pedal 8 Pedal expression switch

Main—Full—Echo switch

860 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA OF ORGAN WILDING

Stop for stop, the magnificent new Baldwin a vastly superior musical ensemble plus PIANOS

Model 11 church organ is designed exactly all the beautiful solo and subtle tonal qualias a fine organ must be. Each step in its ties for which the Baldwin Organ is famous. BALDWINORGANS

design and construction carries through, You will find controls that are what they in every detail, those console requirements ought to be and where they ought to be. D. H. Baldwin Company

an organist expects. Then ask yourself where else you can find 1801 Gilbert Ave., Dept. A-3

The versatility, evident in the stop speciany instrument to equal the Baldwin Model Cincinnati 2, Ohio fications, provides superbly for leading 11 for under $9,000. Please send me

congregational hymn singing, for choir Why is the new Baldwin Model 11 so Organ booklet "Why"accompaniment, for preludes and postmuch like the church organ you've been Information on Baldwin Organ ludes and for all incidental musical needs seeking? Sendforournew booklet, "Why."Installations

during the church services. It tells you quickly how the new Baldwin NAMELook over the broad list of specifications. Model 11 is designed to respond to music

Then accept your Baldwin dealer's invita-—from classic to contemporary. Ask for ADDRESStion to see, hear and play it. You will find installation details, too.

CITY ESTATEOCTOBER 1963 861 (Continued from page 858) neglect of the things of the Spirit, of the words of Peter at the close forget his great dependence upon the man of the world will enlarge of the Master's sermon on the bread the Lord, but from time to time he upon every failing in what he reof life; at which time many were

must be made to feel what it is like gards as the accusing conduct of offended and departed from him.

to be on his own. The result of this his brother. Our Lord asked of the Twelve,

experience is always remarkably The teacher must therefore be "... Will ye also go away?

beneficial—he turns to the Lord cautious and avoid questionable "Then Simon Peter answered him,

with all the energy of his heart, with conduct; he must avoid criticism of Lord, to whom shall we go? thou

a renewed determination to keep others. He must avoid the appearhast the words of eternal life."

the commandments and to walk ance of evil and that lightmindedness (John 6:6768.)

according to his covenants. which would enable Satan to catch The spiritual experiences of men

The amount of energy and devohim off guard. And yet he must he of God demonstrate.their importance

tion expended to maintain this kind cheerful. He must walk in the as indispensable conditioning media

of a relationship with God does not straight path, hungering and thirstfor those who would partake of the seem realistic to the man of the ing for that which is "precious, which divine nature and, consequently, world. This person speaks of "balis sweet above all that is sweet, and become powerful witnesses of our

ance"and, in all sincerity, is conwhich is white above all that is Savior. As our Lord submitted

cerned for his brother who appears white, yea, and pure above all that himself to the will of the Father, to have an obsession for the things is pure"; (Ibid., 32:42.) Having so man must be willing to submit

of the Spirit. In his subconscious tasted this fruit, what fruits of the himself to the will of the Father and

efforts to justify himself in his earth can satisfy? One is reminded the Son. (Mosiah 15:7.) He must give

more than lip service to this challenge. It does not do to say, "I'll go

where you want me to go, dear Lord, but don't ask me to sacrifice my home, to impose a serious adjustment upon my children, or to sap my financial resources."It is impossible to ob- "LIFE KEEPS HAPPENING

tain the gift without paying the price. The gospel is a message of

hope and joy, but the joy cannot come without repentance. There

RICHARD L. EVANS will always be those who love their

sins too much to be willing to sacriLife is an endless process of trying—of doing—sometimes succeeding, and fice them for the promised joy. To

sometimes facing discouraging setbacks. The pioneers and patriots went this group of humanity the message

through this process—with the courage to begin—and with faith in the of Christ is a rock of offence.

future. They had their problems. They laid their lives on the line (Isaiah 8:14.) Our Lord will not

against the elements, against ignorance and adverse influences, against justify the offensive words of a caretyranny at times, with comparatively few comforts and conveniences. As less steward, but requires of every

in the past so in the present, life doesn't always move on an unruffled man a humble and contrite heart.

surface for any of us. There are highs and lows, good days and difficult Words tempered by love will penedays, and opposition in all things—with faith and doubt, encouragement trate the hearts of the honest and

and discouragement, success and failure, daylight and darkness, and no humble people of the world. The

man's life is free from difficulties. Always there are the uncertainties, rest cannot be helped.

always the unknown, as we move forward on "the silent tread of time."Every step toward the divine naAnd to those who in this long, yet swift, short process, are disheartened, ture is marked by obedience and

discouraged, disposed to give up, disposed to retreat from responsibility, sacrifice. Our Savior trod the "wine

to all such, we would cite some sentences approximately remembered from press"alone and, as he waited for a recently presented play: "Life keeps happening—keeps doing things. No the assurance of the Father, that his

matter how you feel today, you won't feel the same way next week"1—and sacrifice was acceptable, he exthen the question: "Will you try to keep alive until next Tuesday?"1 To claimed, "My God, my God, why

which we might add: Will you try to keep alive until tomorrow—or even hast thou forsaken me?"(Talmage,

until eternity? "Life keeps happening."1 And for each day there is an Jesus the Christ, pp. 660661.) The

endurance equal to what must be endured. "... he that endureth to the Prophet Joseph Smith was permitted

end shall be saved."2 Selfrespect, faith, peace, and understanding come to taste the torment of the "wine

with doing and enduring—and no matter how discouraged you may be press"(mortal man is incapable of

today (or any hour or day) look to a time that will seem less so. "Life enduring more than a taste) on occakeeps happening."1 Live it with honor and courage and faith for an sions such as his confinement in

endless journey, doing the best you can with each day, with each decision. Liberty Jail. Through these experiences he partook of the Savior's

xThe Eleventh Hour, TV program. nature and grew in an appreciation

Matthew 10:22. of his atoning sacrifice.

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Columbia On one occasion Joseph Smith

Broadcasting System, July 21, 1963. Copyright 1963. stated:

862 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA firstclassNow! Go

...go Phillips 661

(It costs no more)

Firstclass service! Like the redFirst-class products! Phillips gasFirst-class stations! Phillips stacarpet treatment? You'll get it at Phillips olines actually have power to sparetions look firstclass—clean, bright,

66—with a big, warm welcome and give free rein to all the horsepower the neat and modern. (That goes for Phillips

cheerful, expert service. When it manufacturer built into your car. TropCertified Clean Rest Rooms, too.) So

comes to taking care of your car, your Artic Motor Oil is one of the finest ever if you think it's more fun to travel firstPhillips 66 dealer is a real pro. produced—anywhere, by anybody. class, stop at the Phillips 66 Shield

OCTOBER 1963 863 "Reading the experiences of the experiences that should accomyear, but through an extended period others, or the revelations given to pany and follow the ordinances. No of devotion, tasting his love and

them, can never give us a compreunclean thing shall enter the kinggoodness, growing in appreciation, hensive view of our condition and dom of heaven, therefore only those and growing in knowledge of him true relation with God. Knowledge sanctified (made pure) by the Holy until every selfish and unrighteous

of these things can only be obtained Spirit will enter. And no one will be desire is consumed. Elder Spencer

by experience through the ordisanctified by the Holy Spirit who W. Kimball also emphasized this

nances of God set forth for that puris not valiant in the testimony of truth. Said he:

pose."(DHC VI, p. 50.) Jesus. To be valiant is to place the "I wish Latterday Saints would

The minimum requirement for Lord first, to love the Lord above become more valiant. As I read the

entrance into the celestial kingdom everyone and everything else. No 76th section of the Doctrine and

is not partaking of the ordinances one can expect to arrive at that Covenants, the great vision given to alone, but is becoming pure through point in a moment, a month, or a the Prophet Joseph Smith, I remember that the Lord says, to that terrestrial degree of glory may go those who are not valiant in the testimony, which means that many of us who have received baptism by proper authority, many who have received blessother ordinances, even temple THE THRILL - AND THE REGRET ings, the celestial will not reach kingdom of glory unless we live the commandments and are valiant."

(Conference Report, April 1951.)

RICHARD I. EVANS The valiant "have taken the Holy

Spirit for their guide,"(D&C 45:57)

Last week we spoke of the fact, to quote a phrase, that "Life keeps happenand through the experiences availing,"1 and that each day requires its own endurance and decisions. Deable to them "while in the flesh"

cisions can be exceedingly difficult, and in one sense, there are no will partake of the knowledge of unimportant decisions, for even small decisions often indicate character the Son of God. Man, "through the

and judgment. Any expression of preference may indicate much more power and manifestation of the

than we sometimes suppose. Said Jean de la Bruyere: "A man reveals Spirit while in the flesh,... may

his character even in the simplest thing he does."2 And, of course, basic be able to bear his [the Lord's]

decisions—decisions involving principles, commandments, conscience—presence in the world of glory."

around these decisions the whole course and direction of life revolve. We (Ibid., 76:118.) The valiant shall

sometimes see the paradox of everyone's seeming to be very busy, and yet bear his presence in the world of with difficulty in deciding how to use time; with a great diversity of things glory and, in this world, they shall

to do, and yet a restless searching for what to do; with greater speed than bear witness of him, that he lives,

ever before, but with greater desire to go yet faster; with more to choose that he knows and loves every

from, and yet some surprisingly shortsighted choices—choices that somehuman being.

times take rash chances. There are decisions of recklessness; decisions All who teach in the Church

of pride, of bravado and daring; decisions where the thrill of the moment, should accept the challenge given

the risking of too much on too little, is too much in evidence, and with by Elder Marion G. Romney retoo much overlooking of the everlasting values. What we do with life specting the objectives of the corhere and now determines eternal direction. What we decide to do at relation program.

any time determines direction. And having been given life and mind and "Through a program of priestwondrous physical faculties, we have a solemn trust in choosing how we hood correlation, we bearers of the

live. And when faced with decisions as to the reckless risking of what is priesthood must increase our efforts

most precious and irreplaceable, we ought deeply, sincerely to stop short to encourage, teach, and inspire the and look at the course and at our conduct, and ask ourselves if this is Saints to become partakers of the really what we want, if this is really worth the price that must be paid; or, divine nature,'to use Peter's phrase,

in a negative sense, if this is really worth the regret. When decisions move through obedience to the sanctifying

to the tarnishing side, it seldom, if ever, could be said that the thrill of the principles of the gospel."(The Immoment is worth the lifetime of regret. In summer pleasures and pursuits, provement Era, December 1962,

in all pursuits at all seasons, it is wise to pause, to consider, to appraise, to p. 938.)

look to tomorrow, to the next moment, to next summer, to next season; to The challenge to every teacher is

look both at the present and the far future, and all the everlastingness of life; to strive to understand more fully

and in physical risk, financial risk, moral risk, or in recklessness of any and to give obedience to the sanctikind never forget what is at the other end, for too often—and never to be fying principles of the gospel, to the

forgotten is this—the thrill isn't worth the regret.

end that they shall experience the xThe Eleventh Hour, TV program. divine nature and that their teach2Jean de la Bruyere, Les Caracteres, it. ings and testimonies penetrate and

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Columbia illuminate the hearts and minds of

Broadcasting System, July 28, 1963. Copyright 1963. their students.

864 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Architectural Department of L. D. S. Churcli

Masonry Contractor: Gappmeyer & Close of Orem, Utah

Gladding, McBean Face Brick Blends Two Trends

Nestling dramatically in the mountains, The Church Through the years, the sound, substantial look of of Jesus Christ of LatterDay Saints, East Millbrick has been considered especially appropriate for creek 5th, 8th and 10th Wards, Salt Lake City, churches. And the Gladding, McBean Face Brick

reveals both modern and longestablished trends in you see here in walls and tower long has been a architecture. favorite of churches throughout the West. (It is

Cameo Rose Matte.)

Notice how beautifully the architect's design blends traditional and modern. The brick tower

strikes a completely modern note, while the steeply pitched roof reminds of both ecclesiastical Gothic and modern A-frame structures.

Building with Face Brick assures beauty that endures, with varied textural interest, construction strength, summer coolness, winter warmth, and lowcost maintenance. Gladding, McBean Face

Brick assures brick that lays and looks the way it should, due to superior clays, automatic mixing and firing, and precision pressing. And, at INTERPACE, you will find just the Gladding, McBean

Face Brick for any job—the greatest range of

shapes, sizes, colors and textures available—always

competitively priced.

FACE BRICK

Q A Gladding, McBean building product by

IblTERPACE Ihm international pipe & cer:ramics corporation.

los angeles/san francisco/ portlan seattle/spokane/salt lake city/phoenix

OCTOBER 1963 865 NEW AMERICAN *100.PAYS WEEKLY.

TO YOU THOUSANDS OF READERS WHO KNOW THAT DRINKING AND SMOKING ARE HARMFUL!

You do not drink or smoke... so why pay premiums for those who do?

Why pay the penalty for those hospital in the world. Choose your Here's all you do.

in addition to pay other any own! We Fill right. the the application out at or drink smoke? who carry. insurance you And we pay rates! the Notice amazingly low Enclose

in free! cash... tax to you pick Every day you the paper you direct up it in mail envelope to American an and

read more evidence that drinking and We send out our payments to you Air Temperance Associates, Box 131, Liberty -

Special so Mail in cash have shorten you life. Because can they smoking hand ville, Illinois. will get you Upon approval,

is fast. there limit no are on the America's health probleading And numamong policy coveryour promptly by mail, and lems—leading to cancer, heart trouble, ber of times you can collect. age begins at noon on the effective date

sinus trouble, liver trouble and many of your policy. No salesman will call.

other cause a prime delay! Don't diseases—they're almost Every day 50,000 all sicknesses of 2) We cover hospitalizarates the high most premium hospitals. people enter day, of one Any and accidents. tion plans should charge. But you pay why could yourself be you. Protect them bethe price for those drink or smoke? who covers Your policy confore it's too late! every you for

to! Here's why. no longer have You ceivable kind of accident sickness and

except pregnancy; any act of war or \MmmjmJSJJBU&ummsu!MEn

Our rates are based militarytions; or hospitalizationservice; preexistingcaused condiby use

on your superior health of liquor or narcotics. Everything else

that could possibly happen to you HospiThe Temperance new American

You'll covered. as be protected never is MONEYBACK talization Plan is not offered to drinkers and smokers, because of the high rates before—at amazingly low rates! they cause. We can bring you a whole GUARANTEE

new set of rates that are unbelievably 3) Other benefits for loss within Read over your policy carefully.

because low they're based your good on 90 days of accident Ask your minister, lawyer and health as a nondrinker nonsmoker. and

it doctor to Also, premiyour American examine Temperance sure it. Be (as in described policy) raised never because can be you ums grow it provides exactly say what we older for or claims. too pay have Only accidental many $2,000 cash a We

general rate adjustment up or down could death. We pay $2,000 cash for loss of does. Then, if for any reason at

affect your low rates! And only you can one hand, one foot, or sight of one eye. all you are not 100% satisfied,

for loss cash pay $6,000 cancel your policy. We cannot. We of both just mail your policy back to us eyes, feet. hands, both or both

within will im30 days and we HERE ARE YOUR AMERICAN mediately entire prerefund your We invite close comparison TEMPERANCE PLAN BENEFITS with any other plan. mium. No questions asked. You

1) You receive $100 weekly—There really is no other plan like ours. can gain thousands of dollars...

even for life But compare our rates with others for you risk nothing.

similar coverage. Discover for yourself

The very day you enter a hospital you what you save. And remember, there is

begin to get $100 a week cash... as no limit on how long you stay in the hoslong as you are hospitalized, even for pital, no limit on age, no limit on the numlife! Good in any lawfully operated ber of times you can collect!

866 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TEMPERANCE PLAN LIFE!EVEN FOR

Here at last is a new kind of hospitalization plan for nondrinkers and nonsmokers only! The rates are fantastically low because

"poor risk"drinkers and smokers are excluded. And because your

health is superior... there is absolutely no age limit, no physical

examination, no waiting period. Only you can cancel your policy...

and no salesman will ever call! Starting from the very first

day you enter any hospital...

SEND FOR YOUR POLICY NOW BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE!

302 APPLICATION TO IMPORTANT: CHECKFIRSTTABLEPREMIUMBELOWWITHANDAPPLICATIONINCLUDE YOUR i\ ROCKFORD, ILLINOIS LIFE INSURANCE PIONEER COMPANY,

FOI AT300 LOOK AT THESE AMERICAN TEMPERANCE HOSPITALIZATION POLICY

Name (PLEASE PRINT) AMERICAN TEMPERANCE LOW RATES

Street or RD #: Pay Monthly Pay Yearly

City.Zone..County..State.

Age Date of Birth.

Month Day Year Each child 18 $080

Occupation..Height..Weight and under pays Beneficiary. Relationship. 2 $28

also apply for coverage for the members of my family listed below:

NAME AGE HEIGHT WEIGHT BENEFICIARY Each adult $480 1. 1964 pays 3 38

3. Each adult $C90 To the best of your knowledge and belief, are you and all members listed above in good health 65100 pays 5 $59

free physical impairment, or disease? and any from No Yes

of or knowledge, have you best your To the listedD had medical advice or above any member treatment, or have you or they been advised to have a surgical operation in the last five years? SAVE TWO MONTHS PREMIUM BY PAYING YEARLY!

If give details stating so, please person affected, cause, date, name and fully physician, and recovered. whether Yes G ofNoattendingG address

Mail this application with your first premium to

AMERICAN Neither I nor any person listed above uses tobacco or alcoholic beverages, and I hereby apply for a policy based on the understanding that the policy does not cover conditions originating prior to its effective date, and that the policy is issued solely and entirely in reliance upon the written answers to the above questions. TEMPERANCE ASSOCIATES

Date: Signed: X Box 131. Libertyville, Illinois

1 AT- 1 AT

OCTOBER 1963 867 IT'S INDIAN SUMMER AGAINI These Times

BY LUCY WELLS BIGGS (Continued from page 821) Once again this uncalendared season

Arrives with its sweet talk and honeyed ways;

And just when we were quite reconciled National Defense Education Act of

To frostrimmed nights and the noon's strange chill 1958 is called), the US Office of

Now suddenly without rhyme or reason Education has made serious effort,

We are swathed in gentle nights and days. or has at least "dabbled,"in about

163 languages of critical importance

The plant is urged with an Evepersuasion to the United States. The effort has

To revert to its early blossoming time; concentrated in 33 universities, in

While man, beguiled, abandons his plans as many as 85 special institutes held

Begun with prudence against the colds, annually for elementary and secondAnd songbirds postpone their southern invasion. ary language teachers; in fellowEach day's as unreal as a nonsenserhyme! ships to insure a supply of language

scholars for the future (all cannot

But Nature's uncaring that through some collusion be engineers and physicists); and in

Bird, plant, and man are in happy confusion. limited research studies designed to

illuminate the languagelearning process, and to provide dictionaries and other tools, not heretofore available.

The Language and Area Centers.

| THE Some 53 language and area centers

SPOKEN'GRAY AREAS"are now in existence at 33 universiWORD ties. In the last year, congressional

funds to these 33 universities amounted to $2,080,000, (a small sum compared to the $153,000,000

RICHARD L. EVANS spent for a single linear accelerator

by the Atomic Energy Commission

Last week we spoke of sound and of shortsighted decisions with attention for highenergy-particle research in focused on the fact that "the thrill of the moment isn't worth a lifetime of possible speeds faster than light, regret."But aside from definite decisions there are in a sense "indefinite near Stanford University). These

decisions"—the tampering with, the flirting with, the neither one thing grants have been more than matched

nor the other sort of situation. There is much said of "gray areas"with an by the local effort of the 33 uniassumption that a little compromising of principle isn't too serious. It may versities concerned. These centers

not seem so, but in a sense all choices are significant. We cite again the are not for the wellestablished study

said: his character reveals la Bruyeresentence from "A man who Jean de of French, lanother German, and

areas. live in simplest always thing gray he does."cannoteven in the We guages in supply. in good Early

Some things either we do or we don't do. Consider, for example, signing work, the language branch, with theits

a contract. The moment a name is on the dotted line a commitment has help of the Modern Language Assobeen made. At some point the situation has changed from saying "no"ciation and a number of university

or saying "maybe"to saying "yes."It is true that there are some half and government consultants, detersteps, that there are degrees of commitment in some things. It is true mined that there were "critical"

that a person may join something or agree to something and be halflanguages, some less critical (inhearted about it. (It is true that a person may make a mistake and either volving fewer numbers of people or

quickly pull back and repent, or persist in repeating his mistake.) Such strategic interest), and some which

circumstances may all be taken into account. But at some point decisions represented merely prudent and

may be likened to entering a car on a roller coaster. There is a point at wise development against an unwhich we can get out—or not get in at all. But once on, and once the car known future.

has moved forward to the chain that takes it to the top, at that point, The centers work largely in the in a sense, we are committed for the full ride. We could take a halfmajor critical areas. There are now

hearted attitude toward anything in life, and endeavor to live in a gray 13 in Mandarin Chinese, 12 in area altogether. But every decision is significant, and every choice leads Japanese, 12 in Russian, 8 each in

in a definite direction, and there comes a time when either we do or we Arabic (one at the University of don't—when we sign or don't sign, consent or don't consentand we must Utah aided by Professor A. S. Atiya)

have standards and convictions, and courage to do what we should do and Turkish, 7 in HinduUrdu, and wholeheartedly—and not to do what we shouldn't do—not even halfheartedly. 6 in Czech. There are single centers

in such languages as Zulu, Xhosa, 1Jean de la Bruyere, Les Caracteres, ii. Javanese, Kannada, Lettish, Shona,

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Columbia Yakut, and Kurdish; but also 2 in

Broadcasting System, August 4, 1963. Copyright 1963. Ukrainian, 7 in SerboCroation, 4 in

868 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA You'll

The extra

of a Fall Vacation by Domeliner

COLORFUL AUTUMN is an ideal time to travel... and and Coach travel. Generous baggage checking allowance

for pure pleasure, Domeliner is the ideal way to go. on all tickets.

SCENERY is more romantic and beautiful viewed at HERE'S an added convenience. By rail, you leave (and

eyelevel through widevision Dome windows. arrive) DOWNTOWN. Plan a fall trip now. See your

nearby Union Pacific ticket agent for reservations.

DINING CAR MEALS are exciting adventures. Delicious

foods of your choice, expertly prepared... an extra

treat in the AstraDome dining cars on the "City of UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD

Los Angeles,""City of Portland,"and "City of Denver."

ACCOMMODATIONS so restful and relaxing you'll wish the trip were longer. Your choice of economical legrest "CITYDOMELINERSOF LOS ANGELES""THE CHALLENGER'

reserved Coach seats or luxuriously private and quiet—east to Omaha and Chicago

—west to Las Vegas and Los Angeles

Pullman rooms. Lounge cars also add to your travel "CITY OF ST. LOUIS"

enjoyment.—east to Denver, Kansas City, St. Louis

—west to Las Vegas and Los Angeles

MONEYSAVING FAMILY FARES apply to both Pullman

OCTOBER 1963 869 Swahili, and so forth. These centers ing in the elementary and secondary Germanic and Romance languages.

are located in twentythree states. It schools, 80 summer institutes and 5 Fellowships. In 196263, 1,006

is notable that in the sparsely popuregular are now reaching nearly fellowships were awarded to Amerilated mountain west, Utah, Arizona, 4,500 teachers annually (568 elecan graduate students in about 53 and Colorado each have one. The mentary and 3,919 secondary in languages, with the largest number

number and distribution of centers 196263) at a cost to the federal taxgoing to students devoting themis a rough index of the foreign lanpayer of $7,250,000which wouldn't selves to the "critical six,"namely guage (critical) strength of the unigo very far in firing a metal missile, Arabic, Chinese, HindiUrdu, Japaversities of the nation. California but may help "fire"some mental and nese, Portuguese, and Russian, with

(first in aerospace research) is secideological missiles in the long run. 100 being added in Spanish in parond in language area centers with 7 Since the language curricula of the tial response to the Cuban crisis and

to New York's 9. Michigan and elementary and secondary schools the growing needs for language spePennsylvania each have 4, Illinois, are limited, institutes have been concialists who can understand Latin

Texas, and Massachusetts 3. ducted thus far only in Chinese, America.

The Institutes. Designed to modJapanese, Russian, and Modern In the autumn of 1958, 16.4 perernize and stimulate language teachHebrew, in addition to the regular cent of America's high school population enroled for some study of a

modern foreign language (grades 9-12), a total of 1,298,687. Of these,

very few acquired more than a "smattering."Thanks to Mr. Conant and others, more high school

to are students encouraged now THE QUALITY OF GOODNESS years four study at least and acquire some mastery of the language. There

has been a profound change in the better high schools. Aided by

RICHARD L. EVANS NDEA institutes it is estimated that

this September, 1963, 28 percent of

We have talked of sound and of unsound decisions, of thrills and regrets, all high school students will have an of living in gray areas, and today should like to quote a short, significant opportunity to study a modern forsentence: "Good men have the fewest fears."1 Often we hear someone eign language, and to study it under

say that someone is a good man. It may be meant in many ways, but in conditions and by means of methods

all its meanings "good"is one of the most satisfying words to apply to which will give earnest learners people, especially in a day when cynicism, worldliness, low standards and more than a "smattering."

loose living, departing from commandments and conventions are too much There has been an appreciable in evidence—not only in evidence, but often justified, condoned, and shockchange since 1958, wrought by a

ingly accepted. There are many qualities that people look for in other small staff, never more than 32 peopeople—attractive appearance, beauty (sometimes), ability, talent, pleasant ple, plus splendid cooperation from

personality, skill, knowledge, the social graces, many others also, but there other institutions, public and private.

is no substitute for sincere goodness: goodness of thought, of heart, of act, Moreover, the program has been deof intent; goodness of life, including honesty and chastity, reverence and signed to take root in the school

respect, and the upright qualities of character that one can count on. systems, colleges, universities, and

Blessed is the wife who can say of her husband: He is a good man. Blessed other enterprises of the nation, indeis the husband who can say of his wife: She is a good woman. Blessed is pendent of federal support, as some

the child who can say of his father: He is a good man—or a father of his university language and area centers

son or daughter. As we see defection, dishonor, unfaithfulness, homes have always been, and more

broken, secrets sold, businesses embezzled; as the cracks in the weakening may become.

wall show glimpses of perfidy and immorality on the part of people who have held high trust; of traffic in things that destroy the souls of men;

of condoning or indifference to unnatural and perverted practices—with all

this we come to an unavoidable conclusion that the quality of goodness, NATURE'S MINT like cleanliness, is akin to godliness, and is an essential ingredient for the BY VIRGINIA LEACH BALLOU salvation of the world, and for the temporal and everlasting salvation of souls. "The earth is upheld by the veracity of good men,"said Emerson.

2 his that loses has conscience the wholesome."world"They "He make silver poplars, the on Sheen of

.. is keeping."3 ". happiness"left that nevernothing Wickedness worth was to gold, turn trees that 4 Aspen

all times, influences of these the eroding would say—and against we The green and cedar of pine

fears."the goodness."fewest "Good"Thank men have God for leaves beech unWhere of copper

fold. 'Christian N. Bovee (18201903), American author and editor.

-Attributed to Emerson, by David Starr Jordan: The University and the Common Man.

"Nicolas Caussin (15821651), French Jesuit author. This wealth may not be purchased

Alma 41:10. Nor bartered in the market place,

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Columbia But nature coins with lavish hand

Broadcasting System, August 11, 1963. Copyright 1963. Riches for the human race.

870 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA There are 244 feet of softness in every roll of Zee toilet tissue.

For softness and economy, you can't get more for your money.

OCTOBER 1963 Bishop's, don't fail your youth!

Name of Girl or Boy - Age

Home Ward -StakeNew AddressNew Ward into which moved, if knownStake

Reason for move: School - Employment- -OtherActivity in Home Ward

Parents'names and addressrMEKHIZEDEKH

REMARKS: I PRIESTHOOD i

a

Mail promptly to Elder Spencer W. Kimball or Elder Mark E. Petersen, 47 East South Temple, Salt Lake

City, Utah after one of your young people has moved away to attend school, seek employment, etc.

FORM ND. 12-1 (over) PRINTED IN U. S.'

Many young folk leave home for summer work or -work for the winter.

various kinds in many places. Because they will be At the next ward council meeting the home teachers

away from home for no more than three months, should be able to report the names and new addresses many ward leaders fail to send to the committee on of this great army of our youth. With equal facility

girls and boys a card giving the new temporary adand great speed the names and new addresses should dress. As a result, many of these members do not be placed on the proper cards and mailed to Elders

attend the wards or branches of their new area. In Kimball and Longden.

this short period of twelve Sundays a promising youth As rapidly as the cards are received, duplicates will may establish new habits which will work against be sent to each proper ward, and the bishop of that him in his future church relationships. Even though ward alerted to the presence of the young folk. Many

the absence will be for the summer only, the card bishops will be the recipients of these cards. What

should be sent to Elders Spencer W. Kimball and do they do? Each one immediately assigns the card

John Longden at church headquarters in Salt to one of his counselors. He, in turn, makes a perLake City. sonal call on the newcomer, establishes friendly relaAs each bishop reads this page, there will be thoutions, invites him to the ward meetings, and then,

sands of the youth of the Church leaving home to most important, alerts the appropriate youth leader attend colleges in every state in the Union. There to follow through until the youth is at home in the

will be more than ten thousand attending Brigham ward and active.

Young University, more than six thousand will be at The card is then returned to Elders Kimball and the University of Utah, other thousands enrol at Utah Longden with proper notation of the situation on the

State University and Weber State College. The reverse side.

junior colleges at Price, Ephraim, Cedar City, and Already this system has made easy the transfer

St. George will receive their quota of students. of shy young people from home to new locations.

In like manner Idaho, Wyoming, Arizona, ColoAlready many, on their way to bad environments, rado, Hawaii, and California colleges will register have been turned to better things. It will work to

Latterday Saint youth in great numbers. A smaller the happy acceptance of nearly all of our youth if

number will be scattered in the schools of the alertly followed through. Let each one do his part:

remaining states. Then there will be large numthe sender, the receiver, and the committee. Then

bers of young women moving into cities, seeking the youth will do its part.

OCTOBER 1963 873 THE IF I PRESIDING BISHOPRIC'S WERE 99 PAGE YOU

ADVICE

TO YOUNG MEN

If I were you, I would want to prepare myself to ern prophets, also through the founders of this nation live successfully and joyously in the greatest age in as well as scientists.

all history. As we know, this is the "fulness of times"If the world is to use what God has given us to

when God is pouring out his Spirit on all mankind. bring joy instead of destruction, there must be more

As was predicted, young men are dreaming dreams, men of character and leadership capacity. If I were

'Never before has you, I would aim to be a leader. It is not trying andand old men are seeing visions.

such progress occurred in man's ability to do things failing that brings regret, but aiming too low. Those

that are good or evil. who aspire, even if they do not fully achieve their

This has been called the scientific age because of goals, have a satisfaction never realized by those who the vast outpouring of scientific truth that God has never pursue the difficult. It is "the pursuit of the

revealed to those who have searched diligently. difficult that makes men strong."

With this scientific knowledge men now have the It is my experience that there is no substitute in material means of eliminating hunger, poverty, leadership preparation for training in the priesthood.

disease, and misery or to destroy themselves. Perhaps I am particularly conscious of this because

Which it will be depends primarily, not on the my principal training came through the priesthood amount of scientific knowledge we have, but on our and the Church. I have been active in church and

capacity to use our knowledge for good rather than priesthood work and leadership from the time I was evil. God has not left our correct use of knowledge ordained a deacon in Rexburg, Idaho.

to man's reason or chance. He has prepared us for Helen Keller has said, "Not until we can refuse to

this age. He inspired great American statesmen to take without giving can we create a society in which

establish a country on the basis of political principles the chief activity of man is the common welfare."

that will free man everywhere from all forms of Through the priesthood programs we are trained bondage and revealed through modern prophets the in the habit of giving. We give of ourselves to serve

principles of living that will bring universal joy. If I others, first as Aaronic Priesthood members in the

were you, I would prepare myself to use in my life physical aspects of church responsibility and later what God has revealed so clearly through his modas holders of the Higher Priesthood in spiritual mat874 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

BY GEORGE W. ROMNEY

ters. Furthermore, the range of our giving experience Currently, in public life, my adherence has had the

is complete. We minister to the temporal needs and opposite result from what some predicted.

the spiritual needs; we serve as leaders in quorums, If I were you, I would resolve to live up to church

wards, and stakes, and we work with individuals and principles at all times regardless of the inducements families as missionaries and ward teachers. or practices of others. Emerson has pointed out that

The most difficult thing for men to use correctly is "In the world it is easy to live after the world's opinauthority over their fellow men. Through priesthood ion; in solitude it is easy to live after our own; but

and church leadership responsibility we are trained the great man is he who in the midst of the crowd in the art of using authority over others to bless them keeps with perfect sweetness the independence through serving them rather than through ordering of solitude."

them to serve us. As a priesthood holder you have an unequaled opIf I were you, I would participate regularly in portunity to prepare yourself for leadership responsipriesthood work to acquire skill in using leadership bility. With priesthood training you can excel in the

authority in the manner God has revealed it should right use of political, social, economic, and scientific be used. truths. With priesthood training you can more effecNot only have I found my priesthood experience, tively inspire others to join in creating a world "in

including my missionary experience in Great Britain, which the chief activity of man is the cominvaluable preparation for business and public leadermon welfare."

ship responsibilities, but critics have been mistaken in their predictions involving adherence to revealed principles. When I first came to Detroit, many said Governor George W. Romney is a past president of the

I couldn't succeed in an auto industry composed Detroit Stake and the father of four, two boys and two largely of harddrinking and cigarsmoking men. To Isles—onegirls. As a ofyounghis sonsman recentlyhe servedreturneda missionfromto thedoingBritishthethe contrary, each promotion was related to my livsame—and attended the University of Utah. He has reing to my beliefs. Men tend to respect those who ceivedUniversity.an honoraryPrior todoctor'shis becomingdegree fromgovernorBrighamof MichiganYoung

do what they believe in doing. he was the president of American Motors.

OCTOBER 1963 87S TREATS from the WIDE OPEN

TODAY'S FAMILY FLORENCE B. P1NNOCK. EDITOR

It's time to look in the back of the closet and get out that pair of old comfortable walking shoes. The whole outof-doors is calling. October is that

refreshing moment to pause and replenish a tired outlook carried over from the heat of summer. It is a time just before we close our doors and

walk inside for the winter. This month of suspension has vibrant beauty,

and we all like to go out in the fields and mountains to meet nature at least halfway. Crisp autumn mornings and brisk late afternoons are a hunter's

paradise. Whether you take a book to read, a brush to paint with, or a

dog to walk with you through the brush, the results are the same. At this

time there is a wonderful feeling of freedom and of abandon, a time when you are your true self with no little nagging worries and apprehensions of the belittling brushings of the hurrying, scurrying world.

If, on these expeditions to "outer space,"game is brought home, take good care of it and stock your freezer for the winter's needs. Deer, elk, and

antelope are usually cleaned on the spot, but small game birds can be plucked and drawn as soon as the hunter gets home. Never put birds into

boiling water to remove their feathers. They are best plucked dry, then

washed well, dried, and stored in the refrigerator. If the game is not to be

cooked within two days, wrap it airtight in foil and freeze it immediately.

It is only fair that the cook does all in her power to prepare and serve this precious game in a delightfully appetizing way. A family can learn

to look forward, with great anticipation, to this time of year and consider itself lucky to be able to enjoy these scarce, fastdisappearing wild birds and animals. A meal can be prepared fit for the finest company if the

hunter has taken proper care of the meat.

876 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It is up to someone, Mother usually, to cook and serve this game. This

too can be fun. The method of cooking depends upon the age of the bird

or animal. When a pheasant whirls up from under your feet, it is almost

impossible to know in the instant whether it is a young or old bird; the same

is true of a duck in flight. But in cooking, you should know. If a pheasant

is young, you can do almost anything with it, and it will turn out juicy and delicious, but if it is an old bird, take care. Moist heat and longer cooking

is necessary to make it ready for the table.

Let us begin with a recipe for pheasant, luscious enough to set before the most discriminating gourmet.

Pheasant a la Elegant

1 large plump pheasant, cut up V& cup flour salt and pepper 1 teaspoon paprika 1 teaspoon monosodium glutamate % teaspoon pepper 2 cups milk 3 tablespoons butter 1 small clove of garlic, pressed 2 cups commercial sour cream

Sprinkle pheasant with salt, pepper, and monosodium glutamate. Combine the milk and garlic. Marinate the pheasant in the milk for about an

hour. Drain the pheasant, dry, and roll in the flour, paprika, and pepper

mixture. Brown the pieces on both sides in the butter. Place in a casserole

and bake at 325 degrees F. for 1 hour or until the pheasant is tender. Turn

the meat occasionally so meat will cook evenly. Remove the pheasant; keep

OCTOBER 1963 877 TREATS FROM THE WIDE OPEN SPACES

warm. Stir sour cream into the amount of chicken bouillon, cover, tightly and bake in a 350 degree F.

drippings. Heat, but do not boil, and cook slowly about an hour or oven for 30 minutes. Uncover and

and pour over the pheasant. This until tender. continue baking about 15 minutes,

serves 4 people. Venison is a versatile meat. It, or until steaks are done.

A pheasant may be filled with like beef, can be prepared in dozens Roast venison is one of the most dressing roasted just as and a of different stewed, ways. Barbecued, popular to venison, ways cook and

chicken if it is a broiled, tender bird. If a roasted, ground up, and of the also one poorly most prepared

pheasant is young, its feet are still used in chili are fust a few of its in many kitchens. This recipe for

gray and the spur is rounded and many varieties. When friend or husroast venison is one of the best.

flexible. band brings home that deer, welcome him with open arms, and with

Roast Pheasant with Dressing space in the freezer. Be sure he has Roast Venison

taken care of the animal as soon as

Clean the bird, wash the inside well, it was killed and then delivered it Cover a large roast of venison and fill the cavity with a sage dressto a good butcher to hang, cut, and (about 6 pounds) with the marinade ing. Truss, and brush the skin with quick freeze. The rest is up to the (recipe follows) then refrigerate for

butter. Place breast up on a rack cook. Take some of the steaks, not 24 to 36 hours.

in a shallow pan. Sprinkle with salt necessarily the choicest ones, cut Drain from marinade and place

and place bacon slices over the about Vz inch thick, and try this deon rack in shallow pan, add enough breast. Roast at 325 degrees F. for licious dish. salad oil to cover bottom of pan.

about IV2 hours or until tender. ReRoast in a 375 degree F. oven until

move the bird from the pan, add Venison Steak Special done, 25 to 30 minutes a pound for some consomme to the drippings, medium welldone. During the

and thicken for gravy. 6 venison steaks roasting the meat may be brushed

2 tablespoons fat with oil.

Roast Wild Duck 1 teaspoon salt

Vi teaspoon pepper Marinade Vz Clean, wash, and salt the inside of onion cup chopped the bird. Stuff with sliced onion, % cup chopped celery

apple, and potato. Truss, and place 1-6 ounce package fresh mushrooms, 1 quart water

breast up on rack in roasting pan. quartered 1 cup vinegar

Rrush with melted butter or lay 3 tablespoons butter 2 large chopped onions bacon slices over the breast. Pour 2 beef bouillon cubes Vz cup chopped celery

about 1 cup of water in bottom of lk teaspoon salt 1 diced carrot the pan. Cover tightly and roast 1 cup cooked wild rice 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce

at 350 degrees F. for 15 or 20 min- 1 cup cooked brown rice 1 clove garlic

utes a pound or until bird is tender. V2 cup light cream 1 teaspoon dried thyme

Discard the stuffing and serve. A 1 teaspoon whole black peppers

tart currant jelly is delicious served Brown the steaks. Pour off the fat. 1 tablespoon salt

with the meat. Season the steaks with the teaspoon 2 tablespoons chopped parsley

of salt and pepper. Cook the onion,

Fried Rabbit celery, and mushrooms in the butter Mix all ingredients together in a until tender. Add the bouillon saucepan, bring to boil, simmer

Cut dressed rabbit into serving cubes to the hot mushroom mixture. covered about 1 hour. Cool. Pour

pieces. Soak in salted water in reCrush the cubes and stir until disover the venison roast and marinate

frigerator for a few hours. Dry, dip solved. Add the 4 teaspoon salt, in refrigerator.

in melted butter, then into seasoned rice, and cream. If the rice appears

evaporated milk, and then into fine too dry, add more cream. Put this It is possible to serve a venison

bread crumbs or crushed corn flakes. mixture in a casserole. Place the steak dinner in just 30 minutes. Try

Rrown in hot fat, adding a small browned steaks on top. Cover this menu.

878 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Broiled Venison Steak Noodles Romanoff (comes prepared in a package) Frenched green beans Apple and celery salad Frozen Peach Pie

Broiled Venison Steak

6-V2 inch thick steaks from a young animal 3 tablespoons salad oil 1 tablespoon lemon juice '<ng FOOTBALLS

Vs cup melted butter 1 tablespoon onion juice

Brush the steaks with the oil and lemon juice and let stand 15 minutes.

Broil about 8 minutes a side. Combine butter, onion juice, salt, and AND BASKETBALLS

pepper and brush on steaks just at the last. Serve piping hot. with boxtops Barbecuing seems just the right ZOOM Save boxtops from ZOOM, the famous HeMan hot cereal,way to cook venison. Perhaps this

comes from the idea that wild meat and get this terrific sports equipment, FREE:

needs special flavoring and tenderizing ingredients to make it taste its very best. Here is a good recipe. Lee Grosscup Official "LG"

FOOTBALL Barbecued Venison DuraHide cover; official size. Deeppebbled

light tan cover with white end stripes.

6 venison chops cut about 1 inch Double Rawhide lacing, tough butyl bladder.

thick Ideal for wet weather play. Yours for 9

1 tablespoon dry mustard ZOOM boxtops, or 5 ZOOM boxtops and $1.

4 teaspoon chili powder 1 tablespoon finely grated onion 2 tablespoons minced parsley V4 pound of butter hk cup lemon juice Spalding Pacesetter % cup chili sauce BASKETBALL Vz teaspoon salt All rubber basketball with rugged Permalite cover for roughest outdoor use. Bright new

Blend the mustard, onion, chili poworange cover. Surehandling deep pebbled surder, and parsley, and the softened face with black channel seams. Yours for 10

butter thoroughly. Shape into 6 ZOOM boxtops, or 5 ZOOM boxtops and $1.00.

small balls in ice water and chill until firm. Barbecue the chops on a

grill. Brush chops frequently with

the mixture of lemon juice and chili sauce and salt; turn only once. Cook The HeMan hot cereal for all

taste. to to youruntil done Remove

platterheated a ball place of hot cereal lovers. You get POWER in goodtasting and

spiced butter on each chop. Garnish Whole Wheat Zoom! START SAVING BOXTOPS NOW!

with parsley.

Buy Fisher's MAIL TO: Zoom Sports Club;

Venison Paprika goodZOOM,- tastingthe P.O. Box 1099; Seattle 11, Wash.

HeMan hot Please send me: (check the items you want)

2 pounds boneless venison shoulder Cereal.

2. Collect ZOOM V4 oil cup

Boxtops in your GrosscupOfficial LeeFootball OfficialBasketballPacesetter 1 neighborhood. clove garlic, cut in half

3 cups thinly sliced onions Mail them (plus I enclose.....ZOOM boxtops and $ cash

if recashIV2 cups water (approx.) quired), with

your order, 2 to NAME AGE beef bouillon cubes

V2 green pepper thinly sliced ZOOMCLUB,SPORTSBox ADDRESS 1099, Seattle 11, Washington CITY ZONE STATE

OCTOBER 1963 879 2 tablespoons minced parsley 3 tablespoons paprika salt to taste 2 tablespoons cornstarch 2 tablespoons water 1 cup dairy sour cream Hot cooked noodles

Cut the meat into 1 inch cubes. Heat

the oil in a heavy skillet which has been rubbed with cut side of garlic halves. Then throw away the garlic.

Add the onions and cook slowly until tender but not brown. Add the

meat, brown it, add the water, green pepper, parsley, paprika, and salt.

Cover tightly. Simmer gently for

about 1% hours or until meat is tender. Blend the cornstarch with

2 tablespoons water; stir into meat

mixture. Cook until thickened,

stirring. Blend in the sour cream.

Heat but do not boil. Serve over hot

noodles. Garnish. Yields 6 portions.

For those who can't go out and shoot their dinner, here is a recipe that is delicious. All you have to do

is to walk to your freezer, or to the PICK AND TREAT freezer in store, grocery your and BY EVELYN WITTER pick out a of frozen pound haddock fillets.

Try "Pick and Treat"at your house "How would this be?"Bill

Fish Fillets Supreme (6 servings) this Halloween for healthy, wholegathered the little group around some, characterbuilding fun. You'll him. "Let's make this Halloween

2 pounds frozen haddock fillets find the unwanted cobwebs of pranks different. Let's use the word pick

2 tablespoons butter created by ghosts and goblins from instead of trick."

1 tablespoon French's instant the Land of Tricks easily whisked "How do you mean, Daddy?"Our

minced onion away by the clean sweep of straight sevenyear- old Louise was interested 1 tablespoon French's prepared thinking. Halloween can be fun time even though she looked doubtful.

mustard and not worry time, if clearthinking Bill took a pencil and paper.

1-8 ounce can tomato sauce rather than deviltry takes over. "We'll pick a list of children you

1-3 ounce can sliced mushrooms Last Halloween our two masquerknow who can't go out tonight;

1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce aders, along with three or four of shutins like Bobby Larson down the

V2 teaspoon salt their costumed friends, approached block whose broken leg isn't dash of pepper my husband and me with: "May we mended yet."

1 egg yolk go out to Trick or Treat as soon as "And Nancy Anne who can't go

V4 cup evaporated milk it gets dark?"Their eyes were wide out because she just got over the

with pleading. flu,"one of the children cut in.

Thaw frozen fish as directed on "You don't want to trick anyone, "Exactly!"Bill exclaimed. "Topackage. Cut into servingsize do you?"Bill asked them. night well pick those who can't go

pieces. Melt the butter in a skillet. "Well,"our son Jimmy hesitated, out, those less fortunate than ourAdd onion, mustard, tomato sauce, "we want to have fun like all the selves, and treat them."

mushrooms, with liquid, Worcesterkids do.""I'll help,"I volunteered when I

shire sauce, salt, and pepper. Dip The others shook their heads in saw hesitation on the children's

fish pieces in sauce. Bring to a boil; agreement. "Yes, we want to have faces. "You children come along and

cover. Reduce heat; simmer 10 to 12 lots of fun,"they said. get the corn popped while I make

minutes or until fish is tender. Re- "Okay,"Bill smiled. I must admit the syrup for popcorn balls."

move fish to hot serving platter. I had a moment of foreboding. I Many hands made fast work of

Combine egg yolk and evaporated didn't want the children to miss out sticking the popcorn balls together milk. Add a little hot sauce from on any fun, but I didn't want them and wrapping them in waxed paper.

the skillet to mixture. Pour into begging treats under the pressure During this time Bill hurried to the

sauce in pan, stirring continuously. of, "or else we'll trick you."The grocery store for candy and more

Heat to boiling point. Pour over whole idea was so contrary to everyapples.

fillets and serve. thing we were trying to teach them. In the basement, Jim found some

880 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA strawberry boxes which we quickly balls. It turned out to be a gala A change from conventional shortmade gay by covering them in tin evening, and the children agreed cake—use a rich batter about the

foil and with sprigs of bittersweet the warm reception they received consistency of soft drop biscuit from the dining room centerpiece. and the pleasure they gave made dough. Bake in waffle iron until

Filled with apples, candy, and popan exciting Halloween. crisp. Serve with strawberries.

corn balls they made very acceptable treats.

By dark the halloweeners were If you scorch a white garment while ready with the seven boxes they ironing, wet a cloth with hydrogenhad helped fix for their night of HOUSEHOLD HINTS peroxide, place it over the spot and street thefun. they went, Down iron scorch over hot the run it. The If skillet or a pot plan to use you their of "You're with messagehappy instantly. off Fruit almost comes fireplace, a over outdoor an rub treat!"for pick aour this stains also way. can removed be it. of coating over soap Afterward returned children the from When

their hour of calling they were exsoot will wash off easily.

hilarated and happy.

"Everyone was glad to see us,"When you are hanging picturesJimmy reported. "And they all For the washable tablecloth you press a thumbtack in each corner

of the frame. Tacks on the back to colorfast plan use outdoors—sew the HalloTreat Tick andthought

slide, will and marks be left, no it. will patches as will act on These idea!"a swellween'was less collects. will find dust you silver, for pockets or napkins, any treated said "All children the we things that might away. blow

as as if theythey fun had had much halloweening,"to able gobeen rolls, place dry sweet To freshen his said, faceLouis lettuce leaves or four on a glowing When you have a little spare time, three with fun. chop or mince onions for future use, moderately hot griddle or frying

"And now you've been picked for put into the sections of a plastic ice pan. Place rolls on top of the

treats, too,"I told them, "because cube tray and freeze. Remove from leaves, cover with lid, and heat for

you have been thoughtful of others."tray. Store frozen cubes in plastic about 5 minutes. The rolls will be

I poured the cocoa, and Bill brought bag in freezer until needed. as moist as newly baked ones.

in the tray of candy and popcorn

informative... stimulating -%**

3 Vital Volumes for Fall Reading! v

THE DAY

THE LAW THEY THE OF THE MARTYRED LIFE OF HARVEST THE PROPHET JOHN TAYLOR

By By By Sterling W. Sill Henry A. Smith B. H. Roberts

A collection of fiftytwo religious disMore than a retelling of familiar A prized "outof-print"church classic cussions from a weekly radio program incidents, this book is a dramatic and now available again after 70 years.

series pointing out the "law of conmoving account of the real significance Printed just as the original—but

sequences"... everything we think of the original episode. The complete updated with new photos and an

or do completes itself in us. $3.50 story in one fascinating volume. additional historical section. This is

$3.25 a limited edition. $4.00

;l 7L ORDER BY MAIL Please send the following circled books for which I enclose check or money

order for $

1 2 3

Name.

DOWNTOWN COTTONWOOD Address L CITY STATE J OCTOBER IOCS 881

Religion and Science Two is that tiny world where moleteen minutes of his time, he would cules, atoms, and electrons are the witness all the historical events on individuals. Entirely new times earth from Adam to the present time.

( Continued from page 845 and lengths reign here. It would In World Five, we must again intake 100 million atoms placed side crease our scale by about a billionby side to reach an inch. The time fold. It is the world of nebulae or

example of the use of these elecscale is correspondingly small. the family of galaxies. Astronomers

tronic strings. Engineers stationed Some of the electrons make 1,000 can observe considerable detail in

on the earth with appropriate million million trips a second around these giant creations by using very electronic apparatus can pull these the nucleus of the atom. If it were large telescopes. They tell us these

strings as though the satellites were possible for an intelligent being to are separated by billions of light puppets, even though they are live on the electron, and he called years. Each is a galaxy by itself,

speeding around the earth at four his time a year that it took his tiny similar to the one of which we are or five miles a second. planet to make one trip around its a part. It is estimated that there

Engineers were able to guide the nuclear center, then he would conare millions of these galaxies within

Venus probe satellite for three clude that it took 1,000 million milrange of our telescopes.

months. Even when it was millions lion years for the colossal figure Then, finally, there is World Six,

of miles away, passing close to the called man to blink his eyes. called the eternal world, in which

planet Venus, it sent back valuable This is not the end, for as we move there is no time. This is hard, if not

information concerning the surface within the atom which I will call impossible, for us to understand, but of Venus. World Three, the time and space that it is scriptural is evidenced by

Everytime you think or flex a scales are changed again by another the following:

muscle, these waves are sent out factor of a million. It is the explora- "And the city (New Jerusalem)

from the electrons in your body. had no need of the sun, neither of

Every physiological activity—the the moon, to shine in it: for the

heartbeat, the breathing, etc.—sends glory of God did lighten it, and the

out electrical waves. They can be GREEN THUMB Lamb is the light thereof.

picked up by appropriate electrical BY DOLORES PLACE MACKEY "And the gates of it shall not be apparatus and are used by doctors shut at all by day: for there shall

in diagnosing troubles in the huFriendship's garden be no night there."(Rev. 21:23, 25.)

man mechanism. Needs regular seeding, Another that is plain is in Alma:

I have given you this very hasty Constant watering and "... all is as one day with God,

sketch in headlines so you will Occasional weeding! and time only is measured unto

realize that, even in a material sense, men."(Alma 40:8.) Now that is not

you are part of a great and precise entirely a unique idea, because the organization and can never act or Hindus believe the same thing. They

think without influencing all other tions in this World Three that have believe where God dwells, there is individuals in the world—those nearproduced the atomic and hydrogen no time, and time is only unto man.

est to you most and those farthest bombs and nuclear power. So in this World Six, there is neither

away least. Now as we move away from these beginning nor end of time.

With this picture in mind, let us tiny worlds, let us look at some of Now let us consider some of the consider for a moment the limitathe worlds larger than ours—World problems of rational thinking about

tions of the human mind in compreFour—the starry universe. The space science and religion. Two difficulhending what we call space and scale convenient to use here is the ties for a believer in God will first

time in our universe. distance light will travel in a year be discussed and then two difficulLet us look at what I will call six which is about 6,000 billion miles. ties for a nonbeliever in God.

different worlds where time and The bright stars we see are from Where does God dwell? Where

space are so vastly different we can three to one hundred of these units is heaven? How does God answer

hardly comprehend them. away. Similarly, the time scale prayers? Heaven is not just above

First is World One, that world must be changed for World Four. the clouds as was once thought even

around us in which the mind can Astronomers tell us that the great by the early Christians. The Ruseasily sense space and time. Here a galaxy of stars, of which our sun sians claim their astronauts and

second of time is about the time it with its planets—including the earth satellites have passed all around the

takes for the heart to make one—is a part, is shaped like a giant world up to 1,000 miles and have

beat. A day is the time from sun wagon wheel and is slowly revolvshown that heaven is a myth. At

up to sun up, and a year is the time ing around a common center, making least if it exists, it is not visible to it takes the earth to revolve once one revolution in 200 million years. the human eye. If it is placed out

around the sun. Distances are measNow again, if an intelligent being of the vast stellar system somewhere,

ured in terms of yards, i.e., an arm's could live on one of these stars, the problem of communication belength, in miles, the distance a perand if he called his year the time it tween God and man becomes alson can walk in about fifteen mintakes this galaxy to make one most incomprehensible to a scientist.

utes. These times and lengths revolution, and then also divided However, if one believes that God's

are intimately tiedin with our this year into minutes as we do, representatives and other departed daily experience. he might look at the earth to see spirits still are existing on this earth

Now, in what I will call World what was taking place. In just fifor near it, but due to their nature

882 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA cannot be seen or sensed by human beings, then the difficulty disappears. As stated before, messages

by radio can be sent anywhere in this world in less than oneseventh of a second. And it is not hard for

a scientist to believe that if such beings are around us, they could make their presence known by certain devices which he could easily conjecture.

Or, one might solve the problem by assuming that there is a communication faster than that due to light, something like gravitational waves. Although man has not yet

found such a method, it might exist so that rapid communication might be had throughout the whole universe.

Along with a belief in God, one must, I think, have a belief in man's survival after death. This is a real

difficulty for a scientist who sees the body disintegrate back into the earthly elements of which it is composed. From a strictly scientific

point of view, this seems to be the end of the individual.

At first thought, there seems to be no way out of this difficulty. But,

on the other hand, if this is the end of man, then man was just a machine brought together by chance.

This thought is revolting to one's own dignity, and I want to underline this, it is mathematically impossibleif we use strictly the laws of probPEANUT ability as we know them. So one isled to think of man as a dual being BUTTER

and only one part disintegrates afterdeath and the other part lives on, <?JELLY

although we have no scientific way V-;|| V-lfk'-

its presence.of sensing BUNS!!!

These two difficulties for a be- "*%A.'- Fingerlicking good... bake 'em high and

liever are offset by the following handsome with Fleischmann's high high rising yeast two difficulties for a nonbeliever PEANUT BUTTER & JELLY BUNS (makes 24) in God. i/l cup milk i/2 cup sugar 2 eggs, beaten

In the organic world, we have a 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 41/2 cups unsifted flour (about) principle called entropy. It states 14 cup Blue Bonnet Margarine % cup Planters Creamy Peanut Butter

2 pkgs. Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast inthat all the inorganic processes

-115F.) water (105 cup warm %6 tablespoonscup strawberryBluejelly,Bonnetjam orMargarinepreserves a take place inworld such way that 1/2

hot things are getting cooler and Scald milk; stir in sugar, salt, 14 cup with half the peanut buttermargarine

cold things are getting hotter. Anmargarine. Cool to lukewarm. Dismixture. Spread with half the jelly.

other way of stating this is that the solve yeast in warm water. Roll up from 12"side; seal seams.

whole world is going from a more flour.Add Beatmilk untilmixture,smooth.eggs, halfMix thein greasedCut 129"oneinchsquare pan,slices;cut placeside up.in

complex to a more simple organizaenough flour to make soft dough. On Repeat with rest of dough and filling.

tion until there will be no available lightly floured board knead until Cover; let rise in warm draftfree

energy left. This result can be presmooth and elastic, about 8 min. place until doubled, about 1 hour.

dicted from mathematical calculaPlace dough in greased bowl, turnBake at 375F., 2025

tions based upon the laws of chance. ing to grease top. Cover; let rise in minutes or until done.

draftfree until place warm doubled, in to assignment speak For my PLANTERS 1 hour. about Punch floured down. On first the after the on SundayChurch Cleomu.,,,.7. >, half. in divide board i,.. dough P?J

Ihistoric explosion, atomic bomb Blend peanut butter softened with PEANUT Vj| took as my subject, "The atomic margarine until smooth. Roll half the if BUTTER

dough into 16"x 12"oblong. Spread

FINE PRODUCTS OF STANDARD BRANDS

OCTOBER 1963 883 bomb proclaims that there must be Science is an orderly arrangement tists than exist among the gen- a Divine Creator."This was the of observed facts. Certain laws and eral population.

reaction it had upon me. And you hypotheses are formulated so that One great evidence that scientists

see why. Because, if the world is these facts are more meaningful. A can harmonize science and our own

continually running down, which is true scientist does not go much LDS religion is the large number of a fundamental statement of science, beyond the range of observed data. welltrained scientists and engineers

who wound it up? If he does, he leaves the realm of who are now receiving the plaudits

In the world of living things, just science and enters into the realm of their fellow scientists and are, at the opposite kind of processes are of speculation. On the other hand, the same time, bishops, high counciltaking place. Growing things go religion deals with ultimates, such men, and stake presidents, who are

from the simple to the complex, as the relationship of God to man, performing many other faithful from a small seed to a complex orpurpose for man's existence, where duties in the Church.

ganization. Each living thing has he came from and why he is here, I could list a whole page of world

a goal toward which it goes, and in and whither he is going. These are scientists who have declared their

so doing overcomes many obstacles nearly all outside the realm of obfaith in God but must be content in trying to reach it. In the process served facts, at least by most here to quote briefly from only two.

it violates all the laws of probability human beings. These two played a major part in

which rule in the inorganic world. Let me illustrate by an incident winning World War II. One is a

In other words, there must be a in the life of Thomas A. Edison, the famous scientist, a Nobel prize

guiding influence of some kind great inventor. He was asked what winner and college president, Arthur

directing these living processes to electricity was. "I do not know,"Compton.

their goal. Some have called this he answered. "I only understand "Science and religion join hands

influence "antichance,"and by some of the things it will do."in the battle against ignorance,

various other names. The Hindus "But how do you explain it?"he superstition, disease, poverty, and

believe that all these living things was asked further. underprivilege. If religion fades,

are only manifestations of a great "I can't explain it. It just seems to freedom and democracy wither. If

general spirit, which is the guiding me God has given it his power. I religious faith is reborn, we have the

influence. That coincides closely take it on faith and go on working."first guarantee of the perpetuation

with our own belief that the Spirit Religion also deals with a way of of our democracy. Every church

of God in some way goes throughlife and how to live so one gets the and every synagogue becomes a out the universe and has an influmost joy out of this life. This part sentinel of liberty. A strong church

ence upon all living things. Even a of religion can be rationalized. As a is the defender of freedom because

group of Russian scientists recently matter of fact, psychologists have it breeds the faith that makes stated that biological processes described what is termed "the good men free."

could not be explained without life"and the characteristics of a The other is a famous electrical assuming some intelligent guidmature adult, and it agrees very engineer, Dr. Vannevar Bush, who

ing influence. closely with what our religious headed the office of research and

So we run into blind alleys by leaders have been teaching us for development for all the country rational thinking, whether we take centuries. But remember it is faith during the last war.

the position that there is a God or and honest convictions that produce "So those who contend that manthe position there is no God. The the internal motiveforce and drive kind is engaged merely in a futile

human mind does not seem to bring that make one live this good life. dance, a meaningless fluttering over

into a consistent whole all the pheThe physical sciences are more the cruel surface of the earth before nomena which it observes and feels. exact but deal only with inanimate an inexorable curtain descends, with

As Hamlet said, "There are more things. Here if the physical scientist no more to life than a struggle for a

things in heaven and earth, Horastays strictly in his field and the reseamy existence, do not do so on the tio, than are dreamt of in your ligious teacher in his field, they canteachings of science. They do so

philosophy."not conflict, because they are in because they conclude that the

As a human being, I am conscious different fields. Apparent conflicts limited observation of our weak

that I am alive and have subtle arise when a religious leader tries to senses and their petty aids encominternal feelings and experiences instruct about the laws of dynamics passes all there is of reality. From

that are the most real things in or atom fission when he knows little such a fallacy come materialism and life. These experiences vibrate so about it, or a scientist tries to critithe fatalism now built into a political

strongly within me that I am concize the behavior of a truly religious system geared for conquest."

vinced that indeed there is more to person, when he himself has never Heaven forbid that such scienthis world than just what the mind felt the inner conviction that motitists should ever emerge from this can comprehend. So I have a firm vates such a person. school [BYU]. No, they will not.

belief that God lives somewhere, There has grown up among some Rather, men of goodwill with a firm somehow, and that life has purpose LDS members the notion that scienfaith in God and at the same time for each one of us living here on tists, in general, do not have faith with great scientific ability will go this earth. in God. It is true that many scienfrom here to all the world and play

Some of the apparent conflicts betists are agnostic and a few of them an important role in saving our tween science and religion are are infidel, but it has been my expepresent civilization during the dark resolved when we clearly define rience to find a larger percentage days ahead when materialists and what is religion and what is science. who believe in God among the scienfatalists are bent on destroying it.

884 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Church Moves On (Continued from page 827) &&>k'/

I The first LDS International ExIplorer Conference opened on the campus of Brigham Young University. Some 3,700 young men

of high school age and their leaders who came from twentynine states, with a new the District of Columbia, and five foreign countries attended the fiveday conference. Among the church automatic

leaders participating were President

Henry D. Moyle of the First Presidency, President Joseph Fielding

Smith, and Elders Harold B. Lee,

Ezra Taft Benson, and N. Eldon

Tanner of the Council of the Twelve.

Chief Boy Scout Executive Joseph

A. Brunton and US Peace Corps

Director R. Sargent Shriver also CLOTHESwere in attendance, each enriching

the conference.

I The First Presidency announced I the appointment of Elders WilDRYER liam S. Erekson and Percy K. Fetzer

to membership on the church home teaching committee. They are both

recently returned mission presidents.

President David O. McKay Buy from your dedicated a new $340,000 chapel

at Merthyr Tydfil, Wales, not farfrom the home where his mother was Gas Appliance Dealer born. The business community of

Salt Lake City and Utah had given the President an organ for this chapel, as they honored President

McKay last December. He and his

party had left Salt Lake City August21st by air. The Atlantic flight from go modern

New York to London took six and onehalf hours, contrasted with the seven and onehalf days that President McKay remembers that it took him to cross the ocean for his firstmission in the British Isles in 1897. go GAS

President McKay returned to Salt

City August 27th, completing the ten thousand mile round trip. Gas is best for Clothes Drying

The annual allChurch softball tournament opened today at accurate temperature control

George Q. Morris softball park, delicate fabrics come out softer,

City.Salt Lake

brighter, fluffier TREE IN AUTUMN costs less per load

BY MARIE DAERR fast action The tree now weeps, it can be seen,

Because it lost its crown of green.

pass, breezes sympatheticAs >UNTAIN FUEL /f\ SUPPIY COMPAHYIts grass. to the tears fall golden /IZJHX

A/atujt/iA GaA StejujifiA 1 I

OCTOBER 1963 885 Mormons at West Point no evasions. Both formal and informal "hops"'

The success of the Honor Code is (dances) are held throughout the (Continued from page 853) a credit to the Corps. academic year, and on weekends the

The physical education as well as Academy even resembles a coacademic. Consequently, courses the mental development of every educational campus!

taught at the Academy now range cadet is of prime importance at In the winter, ice skating and from Shakespeare to astronautics to West Point. It was General Douglas skiing are popular activities. Cadets

problems of developing nations. The MacArthur, Superintendent of the are fortunate in having ski facilities

Academy now offers more liberal art Military Academy from 1919 to 1922, at West Point which are among the courses than the average engineering who planned the vigorous program finest on any campus in the country.

school and more science and engiof physical instruction which all That such fine facilities (including a neering subjects than the average cadets are required to take. In adsnow-making machine) are available

liberal arts school. Graduates of is due in large part to the efforts of

West Point may choose either the Lt. Col. Oren Moffett who recently

fields of mathematicsscience-engiserved as ski instructor at the neering or social scienceshumanities TO A MISSING SON Academy in addition to his duties for postgraduate schooling. Over BY CAROLINE EYRING MINER as a foreign language instructor.

fifty percent of West Point graduates Colonel Moffett was organist and now have the opportunity for further I cannot now believe you gone, my Sunday School teacher for the LDS education and are accepted for adson. group during his tour of duty at

vanced study by the leading graduSo lately you were sitting in the glow West Point.

ate schools of the nation. Of firelight, your favorite record low, The big interest in the fall of the

Cadets may also compete for Most tunefully weaving melodies year, of course, is football. The ocRhodes scholarships. By 1962, fortynow done. casional trips to New York and

five West Pointers had been awarded So lately whistling you took your Philadelphia for the big games are this coveted scholarship, three of gun prized diversions from routine cadet whom were leaders in the LDS Down from the rack proud that you life. When football season ends

Church group while cadets at West now could go with the everexciting ArmyNavy

Point. Alone, a man, and walk it row by game, all cadets look ahead to

By attending classes in small secrow Christmas.

tions of from twelve to fifteen stuAcross the crisping corn into the sun Plebe Christmas is essentially holidents, every cadet may actively Late setting in vermilion sea. At the day time. From all over the country,

participate in every subject every crack parents and girl friends come to day. Cadets are sectioned according Of rifle I went rushing to the door, visit their special cadet and enjoy

to their ability in each subject and But after straining hard, I saw your the many activities which range are periodically resectioned accordback from formal hops to an ice skating ing to the rise or fall of their grades. As you picked up the quivering bird. carnival. Families and friends of

Grades are posted weekly. Before Mormon plebes meet with them in

In his studies, as in all aspects of You came to show me, I was well their church services and also at a his daily life, the cadet is governed inhand. Christmas social.

by the Honor Code. The rule that And I shall be again—You underSince the time when Brigham

a cadet will not lie, cheat, or steal stand? Young's son wore cadet gray at West

is the simple basis of the code and Point, the number of Mormon cadets is enforced by the cadets who are has grown to twentythree, filling honor bound to report themselves the ranks this year. For many years

or anyone else in violation. Any indition, nearly half of the Corps is now cadets who are members of the

fraction of this rule results in immeinvolved in intercollegiate sports Mormon Church have not only been diate dismissal from the Academy. during the academic year. Among allowed to hold their own services,

If a reason is needed for this unthe Mormon cadets, Kenny Wallace, but have been given every conwavering demand for complete honClass of 1962 and LDS Group sideration and help from the auesty, it is best explained by former Leader 196162, was a member of thorities at the Academy in finding

Secretary of War, Newton D. Baker. the varsity gymnastics team. Darrell a time and a place for their meetings.

"Men may be inexact or even unGertsch, also Class of 1962 was a disHowever, participation in their own truthful in ordinary matters and tance runner on the track team. meetings must be in addition to atsuffer as a consequence only the Cadet Steve Childers is a varsity tending one of the three chapels

disesteem of their associates or the swimmer. recognized by the Academy.

inconvenience of unfavorable litigaThe opportunities for recreational After attending compulsory chapel tion; but the inexact or untruthful enjoyment are many and varied. each Sunday morning, the Mormon

soldier trifles with the lives of fellow Summer activities include sailing, cadets join with other members of men and with the honor of his Govwater skiing, picnicking, swimming, their own faith in Sunday School and ernment. It is therefore no matter and canoeing. Fishing is a favorite Sacrament service at 10:15 a.m. On

of pride but rather a stern discisport of some cadets, too. Sunday afternoons two hours are

plinary necessity that makes West There are fiftyseven organized often spent in a choir practice and

Point require of her students a charextracurricular activities to choose quiet social gathering at a member's acter of trustworthiness that knows from at West Point. home. In order to join in weekly

886 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA priesthood lessons, the cadets also meet together at 6:30 a.m. on Tuesdays, and to study more of the gospel they have organized their own

seminary class each Thursday at 6:30 a.m. A system for group teaching roughly corresponds to the

activities of the home teaching program.

Recently these young men have begun to use part of their scarce free time to work on projects which will help establish a "building fund."

Never daunted, they look forward to a time when a Mormon chapel will have its place at West Point.

Spring may creep slowly over some parts of the country, but at

West Point it arrives with a clash of cymbals. The stirring music of

the Academy's marching band echoes across the Hudson and the

Corps may once again be seen in parade formation on the plain.

Finally the welldrilled plebes, together with sophomores and juniors, pass in review before the graduating class at Graduation Parade. The

scene in the area of barracks immediately following this last parade of the year is one a plebe will always remember. This is recognition—the

culmination of a year unlike any other he will ever live. Those same

first classmen who have driven, for the harassed himbadgered, and offer a salt lake city him elevenpast months now firm handshake in recognition of his JMcw... 43 h\wiuL f\im fwom

achievement. He made it! Looking

back on plebe year, the typical cadet Quhaw hlmiL SjimM. \mtJbh poo(j

reaction is, "I wouldn't do it again for a million dollars, but I wouldn'ttake a million for the experience.">

Another graduating class now $50 tojoins the long gray line and will ADDRESS LABEL SHOWS assignments to first dutysoon report $500 CASH! EXPIRATION MONTH

of our counforceswith 1 FOR YOUR the armed CHURCH try. New first classmen prepare to SCHOOL CLUB The last issue of your current subscriptake over the leadership of the S7

tion is indicated on your address label;Corps of Cadets. Most of the new $50.00SENDCASHNO everyMONEY!time 10 membersmmmmmmmof your month's for a sell leave 10 classmen group cans each ofsecond KitchenFresh letters the Chocmean your for example, OCT

at or Coconettes $1.00 can. per with combatleaders platoonduty as size The PROFIT! olettes100% cannisters cost in expires subscription October—DEC, only 50c for $1.00! of units Army each—sellquartready the US

lc! INVESTMENT!group 100 Order in yourNO EVEN NOT etc. in December, it will expire that plebes, former now to and the cans 500 today.Europe; to Take to 30 days send up

third classmen, are off for a month payment.and completeGive address,your name,the title,name,phoneaddress,numberetc. Subscriptions entered for more than

officer, of 2nd of quantity group, name of each by extensive to be followedat home, nearest and Freight Office parcel (no one year have numbers following the training Buckner desired,post).military Extras sent at Camp cost. shipping to cover FREE

for the rest of the summer. OFFERTODAY! OPEN TO GROUPS ONLY! WRITE month, such as OCT 84. This means

A full year has run its cycle at VERNE COLLIER, Dept. IE-1 that subscriptions will expire in Octosteps Point. Academy The up 900 N. 19th St., Birmingham 3, Ala.West

ber of 196kCheck your address label arrival of for the a newpreparations plebe class where other LDS men Keep your Eras by binding them in Improvement often and renew at least one month will proudly don the cadet gray and Era binders. Available now for only $2.50. ahead of the expiration date.

adopt for their motto, Duty, Honor, Send your check or money order to and Country.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Improvement Era 135 So. State Salt Lake City 11, Utah

OCTOBER 1963 887 President Henry D. Moyle under date of December 30, 1911:

"Qualifications as a speaker, Very (Continued from page 842) good; as a writer, Good; as a presiding officer, Very good; knowlBut with all of this activity, two edge of the Gospel, Good; Has he

other interests were paramount in been energetic, Very!"

his life—his Church and his family. From 1927 to 1937, he served as

Stake. of Cottonwood that president with a loyalty loved both He the tragic deprestime During this never could be doubted. He knew

that the things of earth are transient, sion of the thirties overwhelmed the but that the associations and values nation and much of the world. The

of Church and family are eternal. answer of the Church in meeting

From the time he was ordained the needs of the people was the to the Aaronic Priesthood in the old welfare program organized in 1936.

Twelfth Ward in Salt Lake City, to Henry D. Moyle was named a memthe evening of his death, he was a ber of the general committee, and

Latterday Saint, true and faithful. a year later was designated its

At the age of twenty he was called chairman.

to the SwissGerman Mission. His Here again his dynamic leaderfirst field assignment was in the ship was apparent. With his close

great city of Zurich, Switzerland. associates, Elders Harold B. Lee and

While he was yet scarcely able to Marion G. Romney, now of the

speak the language, he led the Council of the Twelve, he led this mission in proselyting. work from feeble beginnings to the

it stature has reached tremendous the in Gerproficient became He of today. Scores hundreds and lost the use never tongue and man

earth, projects the over scattered of it. people the loved of He

producing food and clothing, preserving, conserving, and creating are

OUT OF THE HEART testimonySmall wonderof this leadership.it is that when

BY RUTH HOLT PAYNE Charles A. Callis of the Council of

the Twelve passed away in the Brother spring Moyle of 1947, looks beyond heart that Give me the President called George was by IS THEIR HEALTH dart the poisoned word, The careless in the vacancy to fill Albert Smith HANDS! IN YOUR

And sees a tivisted soul in needthe Quorum.

Your children's health is precious. Here's an inGive me the understanding heart. He was in New York City on busito expensive way get ness when General Conference contheir into more nutrition

diet. Stone grind your vened. President Smith telephoned

flour before hours a few baking your bread and Germany and Switzerland among him. President Moyle returned

rolls. Enjoy pure wheat... whom he labored. They were held immediately and was sustained by processed by you

avoid chemical additives. in affection by him all of his life. the membership of the Church in his

Next to America, the land of his sacred calling. He immediately

birth, he loved the Germanlanguage turned over his business to others,

INVEST IN A countries of Europe. Although he locked his desk, and never went

LEE HOUSEHOLD had traveled over a major part of back. This was the nature of

FLOUR MILL the earth, he chiefly enjoyed going the man.

of Automatic following the death In 1959, Switzerland, and to Germany, back Portable PresiPresident Stephen L Richards, Electric itself is a comThis in Austria.

Economical mentary on his effectiveness as a dent McKay presented the name of to Second today!Order become D. Moyle learn to love most Henry for we mills. missionary,Choice of 4 Presidency. First in the Counselor best. prices! forWrite those we serve

on introducSave offer. It was heartwarming to see him With the death of President J. Reuflourtory

Send coupon with with the Germanspeaking members ben Clark, Jr., in 1961 President

orcheck money for 5-lb. of the Church. It was fascinating Moyle was sustained First Counselororder

Presidency.pkg., stone the First of in response eager witness the shiptoground day four and a quarter years the During as to them these he spokeped. people

highest council the in service his of Deutsch.

LEE ENGINEERING CO in of his strength the of Church, the In the missionary department of 1, Wis. Milwaukee

the Church is an old record book personality and the ardor of his faith

IE-8-63LEE Dept. CO., felt across the Church ENGINEERING been is have leather binding the from which

Ave., 1, Wis.2023 Wisconsin Milwaukee W. equalled. seldom impact with an It mission the contains 5-Ib. Flour, pkg. ppd. Smith $1.50 peeling..... Deaf Only

.... Wis. Minn. Flour, 5-lb. pkg. ppd. Only $1.00 president's confidential appraisal of He has become an example to

Name Elder Henry D. Moyle. It reads the entire membership in his unStreet

City State

888 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA One Longyielding loyalty to President McKay. He has never spared his Distance

strength or time in furthering the work. He has lifted his voice in call can pep

cities in thetestimony great and of of up yourthe small hamlets nations the the world, in humble cottages and whole in great halls. There has never been

a word of equivocation, a shadow of week. Try

doubt in his witness of the reality of God, of the divine Sonship of the it and see

Lord Jesus Christ, of the factuality Pick up of the restoration of the gospel.

His driving power of persuasion, your phone his logic, his gift as a trained advoand go with employedcate all been have.. of visiting testifying in sinceritydeep

these things. tonight!

Coincident with his coming into the First Presidency, he was namedchairman of the missionary comMOUNTAIN mittee. Building on the substantial STATES

foundation laid by his predecessors, TELEPHONE he proceeded to put the weight of his faith and strength into this program. There were approximately

five thousand missionaries in the Ideal for Conference Visitors field at the time. Today there are

twelve thousand. SE RANCHO MOTOR HOTEL

He toured the missions. He testiwhen they are in Salt Lake City... because at the Se Rancho they can be

fied, he pleaded, he urged, he chalcertain of comfortable, clean rooms, each with a room phone and message lenged. Mine was the opportunity andservicetelevisionand 24withhourpowerswitchboardantenna. service,Take yourrecordedchoice HiFiof single,musicdoubleand newor familyradio

to travel with him in many parts of suites. Especially nice at conference time. Se Rancho is just 4V2 blocks from

for parking, heating offstreet water features hot Square. Se Temple Rancho days twentythree world.the In

"42"street is just the Rancho across convenient from and luxurious and daysafety 1962,during we held July of in Salt travelers Center. you're Recreation Lake, smart do as time Lanes Nextlong meetings with all of the mis- 3 do... Stay at beautiful Se Rancho Motor Hotel.

sionaries in the twentyone missions RESTAURANTS of Europe and the British Isles. I

bear witness of his unrelenting OF TEMPLE SQUARE drive, of his untarnished devotion to this great work, of his unforgetting love for the young men and

LANEwomen who are in the world as 42 ambassadors of the Lord and witBOWLING truth. of hisnesses

AND this period, 267,669 conDuring verts came into the Church. PresiRECREATION

dent Moyle's memory will be CENTER preserved in their lives and in the lives of the generations who come after them because of the part he played in this great work.

His nature was not all robust IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS strength. He had a gentle side that Aids in treatment of Canker, simple

was enriching to know and rewardsore throat and other minor mouth ing to be near. His life was not and throat irritations.

without disappointment. He knew

of sorrow.the meaning

his Prayer was solace. He talked HALL'S REMEDY

to the Lord as "one man speaketh Salt Lake City. Utah BIG $$ CAKE DECORATING. Housewives

with another."Prayer was his comwanted! $5 hour easy spare time. Endless

for lovely Decorations Prodemand and Cakefort, loved prayer and a few who fessional for birthChristmas, Candy weddings, PLAY RIGHTAWAY!

Don't If Know You Even all parties, occasions. days, show you how We First dearly. thesehim was among Music of Now Note to turn mine. gold capital kitchen your No

it's to EASY Wowahis treasured companion. She was required. Start business small, your grow intoown instrulearn any

subscription big. to for exFREE 3 Send boring month No life. It his ofthe sweetheart was playing Start ment.ercises. Profit for "Fun magazine Hobbies"Cake &

pieces notes Decorators facts on Makers, Candy and and away. littleright byAmazing

time. in No at instruction. complete CAKE, home & CANDY FewBOOK.cents 1,000,000home, lesson. progressper Dept. D-799, California. Fallbrook, Washington, students.spareStudio Music, of School S. U.

Education. teacher.forPortFREEof A12010,WriteState Dept. Y. Licensed N. (Est. 1898) Y. N.

OCTOBER 1S6S 889 YOU CAN RENT IT!

his evident; manner reflected the DEVELOPED his of affection. HOWE RENTS depths

married Alberta OctoWright SALES AND RENTALS He AND PRINTED rou 1919. folber 17, that The years

Roll Beds—Wheel Chairs lowed brought the next precious of For any 6, 8 or 12 Exposure B A W

Commodes—Crutches his possessions, his sons and daughJUMBO PRINTS only 35c per Roll

ters, able and faithful men, beautiful

Dishes Tables—Chairs—their and gifted women, who loved COLOR FILM Grills Bowls Punch—father. are! a family they What Silverware No man could have a greater treasDEVELOPING

Tractors—Forklifts ure, and this for all eternity. KODACOLOR

filled, Roll 8-Exposure His yes, to per overcup was Trucks Air Compressors—

Printing roll and Dev. $2.55 flowing. deeply. drank He He All Tools Types

1 Roll 2-Exposure per it, life—the loved of storms the Dev. roll Printing and $3.00 Salt City Lake

it, of tall the mountains, the Reprints Color 20< each State South 2375 4860055 peace quiet valleys. He knew them all.

Ogden SLIDES COLOR forceful a part of was them. 1627 Washington Blvd. EX 4-9414 He Slid es per mm Color old In an notebook, written in 201 35exp., Dev. and Mount $1.35 roll

his bold, sure hand we found these 1 35 mm Color Slid es per—HICKORY FARMS OF OHIO—words: "No fonder hope, no higher 36 exp., Dev. and Mount $2.40 roll

Color Movie per ambition, no lofty goal more can "BEEF STICK"| 8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 roll

Pepper""No Jfe in imagined Life "No Garlic"be than Eternal

Vinegar "No "No that is The DELICIOUSLY DELICACY Pork"the kingdom of our Father with GENEALOGY PHOTOS

DIFFERENT-A MUST enthusiasts and SPORTSMENfor GOURMETbecause those we love."NEGATIVES MADE of OLD

lasting of FRESHNESSUN- PRINTS 60c each. PHOTOS,

"Featured USUALIts longFLAVOR. at Seattle MILESTONES MARK LIFE of NEGATIVE, 4c each Fair."World's

"Guaranteed Satisfaction and OF SERVICE Send coin only - no C.O.D.'s Safe Delivery"

—No Charge for Mailing—Some milestones in the life of PresiMoney-Back Guarantee

dent Moyle: BEEF PURE 100% April 22 in Salt 1889—Born Lake Hickory of Ohio Farms

City, a son H. Alice of James and Division Western LABUtah DinSAMSP. O. Box 1 11 5 Dept.PHOTOAA Salt Lake City, P.O. 3306, Box Nuys, Van Moyle. Calif. woodey

sticks lb. beef are ea., includ- $5.98 4 the University from 1909—Graduated all ing packing mailing. and Send of in engiUtah with a degree mining or check order. money

Called as a missionary Please in Security to Do You Want Your Home? NewshipCustomerme beef sticksOld@ $5.98Customerea. neering.Germany.

fail Should your gas power or mission, from entered To: 1912—Released the University of Freiburg, studied THERMORITE

geology one year. "The Miracle Glass Enclosure"

will coal, heat like your rooms a to Salt Lake 1913—Returned This stove. City, coalwith modern of enjoyfront way "Don't Forget a Friend This Xmas"entered the University to study of Utah still fireplace ing your security. is andthe have

science and law.

1915—Received

University the of Chicago, later studied GENEALOGY at a degree in law from NoSmoke University. Harvard Admitted PHOTOCOPIES Utah State Bar Assn. Joined the lawto NoNoSparks

Drafty of faculty the University of Utah,

Floors A SPECIALTY he where 25 served years.

Ample private in law practice Heat 1916—Began Prices, Fastest Service,Lowest Salt City. Lake Solid

Brass from the Army US 1918—Discharged Highest Quality after in serving as a captain 21st the

Write for complete price list and supplies Infantry. Named US attorney for Utah "ATreasuredThing of inBeauty,Fine HomesEconomyEverywhere"and Safety

to mail your pictures in. and served two years. Write or Phone for Free Colored Folder

Alberta Octo1919—Married THERMORITE Wright SALES

Blvd. Salt HolladayBENNION City, 4817 Utah ber 17 in the Salt Temple. LakeINKLEY 8-8811 or Phone CENTERS CR PHOTO AMLake63310

of president the as in leading furniture glass, Available buildand 1927—Sustained Photofinishing Custom Lab stores in ing supply the intermountain area. Stake, Cottonwood held a position he

2486 Washington Blvd. Ogden, Utah for1936—Namedten years. a member of the origFULLY GUARANTEED

inal1937—Appointedgeneral church welfarechairmancommittee.of the THE

general1940—Nominatedwelfare committee.to run for governor 13"ROYALTONhigh, 9"wide

of Utah on the Democratic ticket, but Beautiful, versatile, a was defeated at the state convention. decorator light of

1943—Called to the Petroleum Inmany purposes. Use

for halls, entrance dustry Council refining to head patios. porch, comsun and room, porches Comes TV mittee District for Rocky Mountain Available chain. gold 3-foot with in emerald

frosty white. red, and aim organization as the National known

freight collect sent orders Mail 4) I.jU|-

will repair, restyle and rebuild We 6 April as a member Petroleum1947—SustainedCouncil. favorite your lamp.

of the Council of the Twelve, ordained Come see our large selection.

IMPERIAL Lighting Studio 7th East South 465 Salt 2, Utah Phone EM 3-4184 Lake City

890 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -K SALT LAKE CITY'S *7tece4t 'tVotel

AutUMf April 10, 1947, by President GeorgeAlbert Smith. HOTEL

Salt to on Lake City 1954—Returned of TEMPLE SQUARE four tour month 24 from aMarch

Europe, where he met all mission presiMODERN COFFEE SHOPS DINING ROOMS dents, reported favorable progress of

Swiss1955—ParticipatedTemple construction.in dedication of DOWNTOWN RATES:

11. September Temple,Swiss SINGLES $6.00

dedication 11 March 1956—Attended $8.00 Left Salt DOUBLES Temple. theof Los Angeles

Lake City in April on a four month TWINS $10.00

tour of South America, Central America,1958—Deliveredand Mexico. baccalaureate address at Utah State University, June 6.

Attended dedication of the London

Temple,1959—WasSeptembercited on7. his 70th birthday

by fellow workers for more than 21 years as chairman of the Church general welfare committee.

1959—Called by President David 0.

McKay, June 13 to serve as Second

Counselor in the First Presidency to fill vacancy created by the death, May 19, of President Stephen L Richards, who FREE Drive /nParking was succeeded as First Counselor by

Jr. Clark, J. ReubenPresident Clarence Manager L West, as a 18 set June apart EL 5-2961 1959—Was PHONE

in speFirst Presidency of themember Salt Lake City, Utah South Temple 75 West Temple. in Salt the Lakecial ceremony

President McKay officiated. Later was

released as general welfare committee chairman and placed in charge of the missionary1959—Citedprogramby Consolidatedof the Church.Freightways,1960—MadeInc., for aservice.special trip in December to Europe to meet with mission

officials and check on London Temple tax matters.

1961—Was baccalaureate speaker

June 2 at Brigham Young University commencement in Provo. Given honorary degree of doctor of humanities

June1961—Named2. a member of the board

of directors of the Denver & Rio

Grande Western Railroad July 17.

in the Counselor First 1961—Named

the 12 to fill OctoberFirst Presidency vacancy created by the death of President1961—TouredJ. Reuben Clark,the missionsJr. of the

Church in Europe for five weeks. Returned before the end of the year and

reported extensive growth of the—

Church.1962—-Delivered the baccalaureate

address May 3 at Utah State University NEW LOW PRICES! rites.graduation

MULTIPLE YEAR and of July tourthe month 1962—Spent

in of the Church 21 missions ing FOREIGN ERA

Europe.1963—Represented the Church in SUBSCRIPTIONS

the British tax suit with in itsFebruary the In effect now prices for ALL before appearing Government,

House of Lords. Also toured several Improvement Era subscripmissionsEuropean before returning to tions are as follows:

City. Salt Lake

"|yf presented Nathe Utah 1963—Was

1 3.00 2 years5.75 3 years8.25 March tional Award Guard Minuteman

for1963—Passed"outstanding service"away atto Deerthe Guard.Park, Each succeeding year add

Florida, while inspecting church prop- $2.50 to 3 year price.

erty1963—-Funeralthere, Septemberservices18. held in Salt Subscribe today!

Lake Tabernacle under the direction of President David O. McKay, September 21.

Hi II Lull'II m The Improvement Era 135 HS. State St. Salt Lake City, Utah

OCTOBER 1963 891 GETTING YOUR WEEKLY BOOSTER?

BY GENEVIEVE VAN WAGENEN

compliment To your We are living in a world of wonmiles apart, across our great country. Marriage Temple

derful inventions, a world of rapid Microwaves have a tendency to change. Wonders never dreamed of travel in a straight line, rather than

'# a few years ago are commonplace follow the earth's curvature. WithOthers from $5.95 for 100. today and taken for granted. out these stations they would conradio, voice tinue the lost. your into The on space But and be napkins and wedding Also

in lettering raised for FREE being albums. Write of these music played hundreds stations booster the catch

only samples catalog and miles are transmitted through microwaves, picaway pick the fading up temple.) is microwaves. picture Likewise the ture or the that sound becoming 83440 Rexburg, Idaho REXCRAFT(state'

(Catalog sent airmail for 25c) on your television set was beamed faint, and recharge and amplify it.

into space. With this new spurt of energy and

The drama or dance being prostrength the microwaves are then

A Cherished Possession duced in New York is seen and focused like a searchlight at the

PORTRAIT heard by us and those on the West next station. The sound is sent on

IN OILS its way again, as clear and rich and vibrant as when broadcast. The picmagnificently ture is as sharp, distinct, and clearly

painted on pure GOODBYE defined as when first taken. old or silk from

new photos of BY ETHEL FLORENCE TURNER These are marvelous and modern those you hold inventions. But did you know that

most dear. THE pERFECT G)FT we as Latterday Saints have been

Beautiful authentic works of art at amazGood-bye: It has a doleful sound operating on a "booster system"for

ingly prices. low this than years? sur130 more uttered a friend. Does by When Sizes 8"10", x 11"and x 14", It tells Well, have! you? days Every gone by, prise we of happy $9.95 $14.95. of us has one at pleasures recharged, end. need to be an Of Send order. check or money

Outstanding artists guarantee living likeIt hints of lonely days to come... revitalized, and spiritualized every

nesses. When ordering send good quality That saddening goodbye. seven days. If we are not, we soon

color instructions photo and for hair, eyes, fade and become weak comaway clothing, complexion. Satisfaction guaranas the or radio sound Goodbye, can be a heavenly sound pletely—just

the heart, television picture would do, if it teed.ZION ENTERPRISES If spoken from P. O. Box 15601, Dept. 1-8 A fervent prayer for blessings on were not "boosted"with new

Salt Lake City, Utah The friends from whom we part, energy.

For "God be with you"is the prayer The Lord in his great wisdom and

ATTENTION SCANDINAVIANS! Order This With every fond goodbye. love for us established his Sabbath

extent the our of day. Knowing ABLESKIVER PAN strength, has and he.. Goodbye: Oh, it's a hopeful sound! endurance Made of Durable Moulded Aluminum

Bakes oldfashioned delightful Danish If God be with us here, commanded that we meet in his pastry. They're different and deliFor he will lead us home at last, holy house and partake of the SacKids cious. love Delivering us from fear. rament that we may have his Spirit Recipe them.

included. And if no more to meet on earth, to be with us.

We shall beyond the sky These "spiritual boosters"are

ONLY In realms that know no parting most marvelous. They not only

to *375 Never hear "Goodbye."magnify us and bring us closer God, but because of the greater

strength and power we receive through renewing our covenants,

FOR MAIL ORDERS ADD 30e POSTAGE

Coast, just as clearly as if we were the truer understanding, the sincere right it? isn't there. appreciation Marvelous, love purer and we We PEHRS0N HARDWARE it all is for take granted! acquire, us. nearer to But draws how God

S. 11th East,2115 Salt Lake City, Utah

all this possible? reThis spiritual renewal and

Scientists and inventors knowing charging keeps us in tune with the that sound gets fainter and fainter Lord. It keeps us from going off

the farther It it travels lost. that a tangent picon and and becoming Catalog FREE tures gives us strength deto resist the and dimmer become dimmer AIDS STUDY AIDSTEACHING

invented as so structive forces are "booster today. prevalent what known AIDS GENEALOGICAL

stations."stations getting booster Are your These weekly you P. O. Box One AIDS LDS is It to feet range in height 400 your assurance and booster? up UTAH 10 No. Main SMITHFIELD

thirty spiritual are spaced of average against death. an fadeout and

892 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA! God bhe Lord passed by! And the sea was upRphold

shaken: bufcj/et bhelovd was hpfli/arl find t,hft GdVbU was

the earfchquahe, theJt&eXin Ahdkep a bhe. still small voice, onward come the Lord.

Mendelssohn's Or86oWo"Elijah"see also 1 Kings 19: 13

TheAoiGe behindu you

the Era oPYoubh October 763 Manion D. Hanks, Ed.

Elaine Cannon,Assoc. Ed.

'hatj/i want

prodding and plea*9

,.. 7a& caufcionmo COmPotting and

inspiring, oomL mom many f /*-

. and meny places

iPUPparents, teachers,

.you movies Gomes iJpflhfc fvoin the deep epjP 1 1, OOmes il From a still mamhisper*611#W>

. |beco/ne:familiar with ****/

the Voice behind \ou Elaine Gannon BY MARION D. HANKS

,, I saw a vertt thing ocgup bhe OOilol ClIlluilO /T)6e6ing The person who offeredQ bdGI the invocation at the meeting was short in stature.

He bent the microphone arm down to fit his size as he prayed. We heard him well.

But then a very fascinating thing happened! At first I thought it would occur

once and then not again. But it did.

Every person who stood at the pulpit for the rest of the evening, most of them much taller than the individual who gave the opening prayer, either bent down (quite unnaturally) to that microphone or did not bend and was not heard by the congregation!

Not a single one adjusted it to his own size!

Can you imagine what I was thinking about for the rest of the evening?

What would you have been thinking about?

My thoughts went to the scriptures, and to young people and their companions, and to human relationships in general. How many of us stay at mediocre levels

because someone else "adjusted the microphone"for us at that height?

Surely we are uncomfortable there and unhappy and unproductive, but we do not change things: We let them set the standard for us. We march to their drumbeat,

dance to their tune, follow their lead.

But the Lord said, through a great prophet "... they have become free forever,.. v to act for themselves and not to be acted

upon,..."(2 Nephi 2:26. Italics added.)

Decide for yourself! March to your own drumbeat! Set your own pace! And let

it be the right decision, the steady drumbeat, the strong and enthusiastic pace.

"Adjust the microphone"to the level where you can speak your own convictions, bear your testimony in strength, express your love, do your best. Refuse to

let any other person set standards for you which are not worthy of you or of your high and noble calling or of the name you bear or the commission you have accepted. God bless you to act for yourself and not be acted upon.

*'*3dr**'*Se*3*,wsss

l H <n i >. * <gxsf$&T?&rfi%T'jr'j

voices BY EMILY BENNETT BY LARUE C. LONGDEN

Some of the most stimulating voices come from You have read about the voice bededicated teachyour ward leaders—Sunday School teachers, MIA hind you—good,

leaders and directors. Listen to them. You can ers who have taught the beautiful

listen to voices better if you look at the one that is principles of the gospel of Jesus speaking, so learn to listen with your eyes as well Christ—dear, loving parents who

as your ears. Really look at your leaders. Note have lived lives which have set

the color of their hair, the particular warmth of you good examples—all these so

their smiles. Catch the sincerity of their manner. that the voice behind you would

What a wealth of experience they bring to you. become a happy plan for your

Someday you'll look back at these leaders with life. Let's talk about the voice

loving respect and gratitude, so why not anticipate within you which, after all, unthis "someday"now and give these truly great like anything else, is with you people your attention. At least be polite! They every moment of your life. If

count on you. The timbre and strength of their given a chance this still, small

voices depend upon you. Church leaders are difvoice will lead you on the straight

ferent from other leaders. Theirs is a gift of and narrow path which is just

service. They receive no financial "pay."Their another way of saying it will

help to you is as free as the air you breathe and help you live a truly happy life.

in many ways as necessary. Today the whole world is beset

Who is your leader? One who is called by your with conflicting ideas and ideolbishop especially to help you! One who gives ogies. They are made to sound so

time, prayer, study, devotion—willingly, freely. plausible and reasonable. HowOne who has a great need for, and every right to, ever, most of these ideas have

your full attention. Your leader is a voice of been around a long time. People

wisdom, experience, knowledge, understanding, have always wondered whether and love. it is really necessary to be "honListen est, true, chaste, benevolent"all the time. Are there

really a God and Jesus Christ, his Son, our elder brother?

Is there such a thing as the Holy Ghost? It is most

important that we receive correct answers to these questions; that we be not led astray by "designing men."

Loving parents and good teachers have done so much for you, but even more than these you should be thankful for an awareness that is with you every minute of life, since confirmation as a member of The Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints, is a still, small voice which we know as the Holy Ghost. Others call it the Spirit of

God within us. Call it what you will, it can be with you

continually, and it will never lead you astray.

On the contrary, if you will but listen, it will say "yes"or "no"or "do this"or "don't do that"at just the proper time. There is only one trouble, all over the world

people are not listening to this little voice and thereby hangs the tale of sorrow, disappointment, and disillusionment. It is interesting that usually those troubled souls

will say, "I knew better; something told me not to do it.

Why did I?"The answer is "You just didn't listen to the

still, small voice within you,"or "Maybe, too, you may have been avoiding that voice for so long that you don't hear it any more."

We are all spirit children of our Father in heaven and as such are heirs to that voice within us. Dr. Carl Gustav

Jung, a SwissGerman scientist one of the founders of psychiatry, said, before he died, "Man is always concerned with God.... God is the voice within us which tells us

what to do and what not to do."This from a man who

probably knew nothing of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints but knew he was a child of God.

President David 0. McKay, our own prophet today, has

said, "The spiritual road has Christ as its ideal, not the gratification of the physical, for he that would save his life, yielding to that present gratification of a seeming need, will lose his life."(Messages of Inspiration.)

Isn't it important, then, that you listen to the promptings of the still, small voice? Some prescriptions

which will insure keeping the voice within you always might be, first, to form the habit in your youth of listening to its promptings. Second, if you are ever tempted

to ignore that voice, be sure to change what you're doing immediately to something else worthwhile and good.

Another great idea is to pray often and sincerely, not asking Heavenly Father for what you want, but for the thing that will be best for you. Also, the voice can be

very well heard in Sacrament meeting, and when you're keeping the commandments; also, when you're learning

what you do believe as a Latterday Saint. In case you

young people think we want you to do nothing but attend church, you're wrong. You can hear the voice at dances,

campouts, beach parties, and all kinds of social events if you're with the right people, in the proper spirit, and at the right time. We all love folks who are fun to be

with, but we love them because they recognize the things that make for real fun and true happiness.

The story is told of a great actor who, at the end of several curtain calls, repeated the 23rd Psalm for his audience. As he finished the applause was deafening.

The audience stood and shouted, "More, more!"The

actor had seen a man in the service of God near the front of the theater, and quietening the audience, he called the good man to the stage and asked him to repeat the 23rd

Psalm. As the man finished, there was a dead silence,

and a feeling of sweet spirituality seemed to permeate the theater. It was too sacred to applaud. The actor

stepped forward and with his arm around the man said, "I know the words of the 23rd Psalm. This man knows

the Shepherd."

What a thrilling experience is in store for all young people who will come to know the Shepherd because daily, hourly, every minute of their lives they listen to the promptings of the still, small voice, which is his gift to them to keep them safe, secure, and happy for eternity '- TiiiiSiiiairii i*> l

Had a hero lately? Oh, not some faroff Winston Churchill or MickeyMantle,reach—someonebut someoneto strivejust towardfar enoughand beaheadinspiredof youby. to Ifbenot,almosttry findingwithin

one. You'll discover yourself reaching and growing.

Years ago I heard a professional tennis coach say, "Never play much with someone you can beat. The only way to improve is to play

somebody better than you. You never learn from winning."And I

noticed that all the really good players followed his advice. In practice,

they always tried to get up games with someone ahead of them on the ladder, and in tournaments they hoped for a draw that would let them play the best touring player. One of the local champs said as he came

off the court after a predestined loss to a traveling bigwig, "Boy, I never played better! I had everything to gain and nothing to lose. Never

been so relaxed."And the next time he played in a local tournament he

hit the ball with a new confidence that carried him to an easy victory.

Yet some of us are willing never to expose ourselves to such a challenge. We're so afraid we might lose. When we ski, we stick to

the ropetow slopes, afraid to venture to the alluring but maybe treacherous heights of the higher hills. When we are asked to perform, we

shun the chance, fearful of the possibility of embarrassment. When

we read, we confine ourselves to primer prose, sure that "literature"and poetry are only for the intellectual. When we compete, we cling

BY EMMA LOU THAYNE to easy victories, content with unchallenged mediocrity. And so with *

friends, we drift with cozy and convenient crowds, unmoved by inspiration, untouched by hunger for improvement.

Robert Browning, a poet with the vigor of an athlete, once said, "A man's reach should exceed his grasp—Or what's a heaven for?"Why not try exceeding your grasp? Find a hero—a hero worthy of

your reaching—and then try to catch him. No, don't imitate him;

emulate him. Make his strong points yours. And he'll move you up

the ladder.

You'll probably outgrow this hero, and the one after him. But he

will have been important in your life because he will have moved you and your ideals from a little hill to a big one. And you'll find your

whole view better, broader, by far more interesting for having known him.

Beyond all of us, at any age, is a hero. It may be a teacher, an

older brother, a mother, a bishop, a coach, an upperclassman, or a friend just waiting to be discovered. By daring their acquaintance, by

challenging their world, we may lose some of the security of the familiar; but we shall gain a fascination for the unknown, and thus be

lured from the commonplace to the unusual. Follow that hero—he'll

guide you there.

BY HELEN etei GIBBONS beautV You, too, can be beautiful (or handsome, ass t.hpthe pftfipcase maymn.v Viabe) VAccordingAS At to

the ads, it's easy. Businesses by the score are eager to help you. Beauty has

become big business.

You can buy creams and cosmetics and chic clothing. You can do exercises

and go on diets. You can enroll in charm and beauty courses and learn to walk,

talk, and look your best. There are tints to color hair, skin, lips, and fingernails.

You can buy beauty at the supermarket or in the exclusive salon.

It's true. A little extra care and effort (and money) can help almost everyone to look more attractive.

But "beauty is in the eye of the beholder,"they say.

People never quite agree as to the standards of beauty. Our loves and

hates, personal tastes and feelings influence our preferences.

This brings some interesting thoughts to mind. Does God have the same

standards of beauty as those we have set up for ourselves? Does he put much

emphasis on the shape of a nose or the style of a haircut? What does he see

as beauty?

When I was a teen, I met a young woman who had the misfortune to be born a hunchback. At first, to see her, I felt repelled because of her deformity.

Then I came to know her natural gaiety of spirit, her graciousness, and I often forgot her handicap as we chatted and laughed together as friends. One day,

thoughtlessly, I boasted about my vigor, how fast and far I could walk without getting out of breath.

My friend, one shortened leg resting against a stair, grew quiet.

"I'll walk with you in heaven,"she said softly.

it. A serious illness soon took her from her Of course she will—if / make

twisted mortal frame, but even here on earth I wonder if our Father did not look upon her as possessing a kind of rare beauty.

We hate the blemishes that sometimes appear upon our faces: the pimples,

spots, wrinkles. Perhaps our "little faults"of character appear to God as just

such blemishes upon our spirits. We receive our immortal souls to house our

bodies, and then we warp and deform them by our selfish acts and foolish habits.

If we could see petty jealousy, what would it look like? Our Father in heaven

sees beneath our carefullygroomed exteriors to see us as we are. Think how

twisted we must look from habits of cheap dishonesty, the tendency to lie, to cheat. No matter how we scrub our skin, our unclean thoughts must show up

on our soul as filth and garbage. If we hate and cherish hate, how can we look

but ugly to one who knows our character?

On the other hand, what qualities might have the opposite results. The glow

of love is said to be the greatest of all beauty treatments. Unselfish love for

others must show up as beauty on the inside. Think of faith (what a dazzling

radiance it must present), honesty and purity, (how straight and true and clean such a soul must look), happiness and thankfulness (a lovely combination), humility and repentance. The list is very long, and the words even sound beautiful.

The next time you get dressed to look your best, stop and wonder about the wrinkles on your soul and how you might erase them. A little extra care and

effort to forsake bad habits may just help you look more attractive inwardly.

that inner glow would shine a little on the outside, too And—who knows—perhaps

II the VOiGe beh'ndiouandthe

THE HILL MANTI

Prophets have walked here, On this hillcrest, Up this slope Where we have walked.

One, fugitive from battle, Stopped long enough to dedicate

The stone ramparts underfoot for building

And then moved on, driven by the sword.

Another, stalwart, strong, Ground his cane in the sod, Saying, "There is no question, Gentlemen!

This is the Place!"

And so it is the place.

Let us walk softly up this slope,

Quietly along the crest of this hill

With awe shining in our eyes

And with thanksgiving For a tattered soldier, The modern Moses, And a kindly, itinerant Carpenter.

BY BRUCE FINDLAY, EPHRAIM, UTAH ahead

/ WILL believe in God and take the necessary steps to strengthen this belief. Believing in God

I will communicate ivith him in the accepted manner, that I may more effectively find my way in a complicated and wayward world.

II I WILL be subordinate to the righteous desires and wise counsel of my parents. In doing so, I

can best honor those who have given me life and the opportunities of home and education. I

will respect them in this capacity even though I may have a privilege to disagree.

Ill I WILL not directly abuse my body. I will not indirectly abuse my body through inducing into

it anything that will contaminate my thinking or destroy my health or spiritual wellbeing.

IV I WILL be selective in what I read and what I see. I will select only that which inspires, edifies,

or informs on worthwhile subjects. In this manner my mind will be free and unencumbered.

V I WILL honor and respect those of the opposite sex by maintaining a high moral standard in any relationship I may have with them. I will maintain a "handsoff"policy, except in those

situations where good conscience and social norms permit.

VI I WILL speak well of my country, friends, family, and modestly of myself.

VII

I SHALL establish goals... goals that are realistic and attainable. I will then set out to

attain these goals with diligence and dedication.

VIII

I WILL develop the talents with which I have been so richly endowed. I will pass no reasonable opportunity to discover any latent ability I may possess.

IX I WILL seek only those people for friends who maintain the same high standards of conduct and morality to which I subscribe.

X I WILL prepare myself for a call upon my time or energy, whether this call be from God or country. I will best accomplish this through a sound education and careful consideration of

civic and spiritual matters. Written by Stanley W. Stevenson

East Los Angeles Stake ac are some who

Nevada's choice of Junior Miss for representation to the national contest tvas Sheila Ann Kenworthy, selected by school officials and advisers for her scholarship, talent, and poise.

She is secretary of the student body, president of the chorus, and pep club. Her biggest activity is singing either at church,

public functions,- or at home—

she is a member of a winning MIA quartet, a featured soprano of the school chorus, and a member of a family quartet. A Nevada newspaper stated this

For her essay "What is Ameriabout Sheila: "Truly a fine young

can Patriotism?"Susan Broadperson of high ideals and a beaubent won first place in the tiful talent."She is also an Voted as outstanding girl citiCalifornia Legion American

contest,essay receiving a thouactive seminary student. zenCleggofof herIron school,Mountain,ConstanceMichisand dollar scholarship. She gan, finds time for three church

will serve this year as treasurer jobs, too. Connie has excelled in

of the student body in El Centro, scholarship, maintaining an A

California. Susan is an honor average throughout her high

student, a member of the Naschool years, earning her an tional Forensic League, and a award of a scholarship to Brigmember of the California Scholham Young University. She has

arship Federation. She has also served as secretary to the stuserved as president of the Fudent council, president of the

ture Teachers Association, chairSpanish club, and president of man of the Foreign Exchange the future business leaders. She

Student Committee, and was a is Sunday School secretary, Era representative to Girls'State. director, and branch organist.

Susan has three individual She is one of the few Mormons awards, is a seminary graduate, in her area and wouldn't miss and has been an organist in the the 250 mile drive each quarter

Primary for four years. to district conference.

"I was on top of the world, just going around and around. Boy,

I was happy. I didn't even know

what to think. I have my parents and my faith to thank for

winning."These are the words

>of James D. Stokes, 1U, quoted

from the New York Herald Tribune as he was announced:-'l "Mr. Teenage Physical Fitness

of America."The competition

Chosen not only the outstanding was sponsored at the Waldorf mathematics student, Joel GylAstoria Hotel in New York lenskog, although a junior, was City by the Dance Educators also named outstanding chemisof America. Contestants were

try student of Carlmont High tested for agility,, coordination,

School, Belmont, California. This strength, endurance, posture,

Eagle Scout has received his and balance. J. D., as he is often

Duty to God Award with four called, ivas a fullback on the 90 percent individual awards Sunset Packer's little league and is a seminary graduate. He football team and won an award

was selected as the outstanding as outstanding player in the

Explorer Scout of the NorthLayton, Utah, little league footern California area, privileging ball. He also plays basketball,

him to meet the governor. A baseball, tennis, and skis both on

water and snow. At North Davis

Junior High, where he was student body president, J.D.

won the table tennis championship last year. Thanking his

"faith"for his fine health training, J.D. has received priesthood

awards, has served as secretary of his deacons quorum, and was

Boy Scout patrol leader for three years. He is a member of the

Sunset Fifth Ward, North Davis

Stake. The Last Word

Nobody appreciates autumn Some people are like blotBrevity is not only the soul of wit, more than the fellow who ters they soak it all in it is the lifeblood of intelligent has no leaves to rake. but get it all backwards. conversation. Douglas Meador

It's pretty, but is it art? Rudyard Kipling

Definition of a paradox: Two doctors.

W H::s'f V

Threefourths of the earth's surface is water Visitor to ancient: "Do you like to

and only onefourth is land. It's clearly see your birthdays roll 'round each

intended that a man should spend three times year?"Ancient: "I do that, Mum.

as much time fishing as he does plowing. If ever they stop, I'll be dead."

The stork is a bird A friend once asked the famous conductor of a with a great big bill. great symphony orchestra which instrument in

He brings us the the orchestra he considered the most difficidt to babies whenever he play. The conductor thought for a moment, then

will. Then comes the he said, "The second fiddle. I can get plenty of first

doctor and when he is violinists. But to find one ivho can play second

through, you find that fiddle ivith enthusiasm—that's the problem! And

he has a big bill too. if ive have no second fiddle, ive have no harmony."

Every noble work is at first Act with kindness, but do not impossible. Thomas Carlyle expect gratitude. Confucius

He used to praise me for my looks, and There are two things needed rate my beauty pretty high; but now he in these days: First, for rich

calls, "I'm hungry! Say, bring on that men to find out how poor

apple pie!"And do I mourn for bygone men live; and second, for

days or sit around and sigh? Not me! I poor men to know how

grab the rolling pin—and bake an apple pie. rich men work. Atkinson

Serve era how yout Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

TYPICAL YOUR

FAMILY FAMILY

AGES: Husband 33

Wife.... 33

Children 7&12 INCOME: $6,0007yr.

Now, how much do you need for the following?

CLEARANCE FUND

creditors Remember: come How much first; your family gets

what is left.

life $2,000

MORTGAGE FUND

So they will inherit a insurance home—not a mortgage.

$10,000 is enough?

READJUSTMENT INCOME

Provides time and income TRY THIS to adjust to a new standard of living. $400.00/mo.*

( 12mos.) 3-MINUTE CHECK UP!

DEPENDENCY PERIOD

INCOME The gift of a mother's time during the period when the children $350.00/mo.*

need her most.

LIFE INCOME FOR

YOUR WIFE Gives her the dignity of financial independence. $150.00/mo.

EDUCATION FUND

To give your children the start they need in today's complex world. $3,000

RETIREMENT FUND

Should you live to retirement age, you'll have a guaranteed monthly $350.00/mo.<

income.

BENEFICIAL LIFE

*You've probably concluded that this kind of "budgeting for the future"requires some expert help. This calls for your Beneficial Life man, who has been carefully

Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah trained to give you answers you can count on—now and in the future. Write

today for further information and name of the Beneficial Life agent in your area.

Over 580 million dollars "Includes Social Security of life insurance in force