is Intelligence. NO. 3. VOL III The Glory of God

IMPROVEMENT iLrflAxil ttt&tsooa Organ of Young Men's Mutual Improvement Asst&iations.

PUBLISHED BY THE GENERAL BOARD.

j Business ) J. Grant, Heber

Manager,. 1 Hull. | EdUors—,.1 - Thos. SwTneFPH PAnderson,Smith

JANUARY, 189.

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

Experiences in the Life of President Wilford Woodruff Apostle A. 0. Woodruff 161

Spiritual Side of Burns C. W. Nibley 165

Acts of Special Providence in missionary

Experience Geo. H. Islaub 171

174 His Inspiration Religion on Samoa W.O.Lee 175

Loving Words. A Poem Selected 185

Walks and Talks with Unbelievers J. H. Ward 186

We are not Here to Sigh. A Poem 189

Work, and Keep Your Promises Apostle Heber J. Grant 190

Gospel Studies—V. The Reality and Significance of Heaven and Hell Prof. N. L. Nelson 198

My Prayer. A Poem John G. Whittier 208

J. M. Tanner 209 The South African War Dr.

Why Don't You Laugh? A Poem Independent 217

The Life and Labors of Sidney Rigdon.—II. John Jaques 218

Editor's Table: Death of President Franklin

Dewey Richards—An American Port in

China—A Question on Tithing 230233

Notes 234 In Lighter Mood 235 to Manual QuestionsOur Wtork—Answers

Book Review 236238 Events of the Month Thomas Hull 239

SALT LAKE CITY:

214 AND 215 TEMPLETON BLDG.

Published Monthly. $2. pet* Annum.

>All who enjoj good living will appre11 ft YY A Tl ft C HAJM8'BREAKFAST BACON AND LARD oiate thoroughly the merits of H I\|V1 U U 1\

Remember the Name. ARMOUR A COMPANY.

Saponifies. =THEe

STATE BAK

of UTAHHeber J. Grant, Prest.

William B. Preston, VicePrest.

Heber M. Wells, Cashier.

Chas. S. Burton, Asst. Cashier.

DIRECTORS: Heber J. Grant, Chas. 8. Burton,

Pennsylvania Saponifier is the original and William B. Preston, Philo T. Farnsworth,

old reliable Concentrated Lye for family Joseph F. Smith, Heber M. Wells,

soap making and general household uses. A. W. Carlson, Isaac Barton,

Beware of counterfeits. The success of this Byron Groo.

article has induced unprincipled parties to imitate it. None genuine unless Pennsylvania Salt Manufacturing Co., Philadelphia, is

the ontamped lid. Ask your grocer for it ACCOUNTS SOLICITED and other noand take

CORRESPONDENCE INVITED.

Pennsylvania Salt Manufacturing Co.,

PHILHDBLPHIR.

Drafts Drawn on All Parts of the World.

Ifaep JRoney at Home to each person interField the Eugene MonFIELD'S ested in subscribing to By Insuring Souvenir Fund. ument

Subscribe any amount in the——desired. Subscriptions

will as $1.00 enlow P0E|WS astitle to this daindonor

"Field Flowers"A $7.00 tily(clothartistic volume, bound, 8 by n),

as a certificate of subscription to fund. Book

contains a selection of j BOOK Field's best and most | THE Book of the representativeand is ready forworks,delivHOME century. Handery.

somely illustratBut for the noble con- \ ed by thirtytwo tribution of the world's of the World's greatest artists this

Greatest Artists, \ book could not have been manufactured for less than I7.00. FIRE

The Fund created is divided equally between the family of the late Eugene Field and the Fund for the building of a momument of to the memory of the beloved poet of childhood. Address UTAH

EUGENE FIELD HONUMENT SOUVENIR FUND,

St., Stores.) 180 (Also Chicago. Monroe at Book Heber J. Grant & 60.,, enclose to send also wish postage If you 10c.

Mention this Journal, as Adv. is inserted as our Contribution | GENERAL AGENTS. shsesbseseshshshssshshsesshsssH

(WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS MENTIOl* THE ERA.)

I BUY AND SELL JOHN C. CUTLER, JR. Z. C. M. I. Stock,

Deseret National BankStook, Co. Stock.Stocks and Investments Utah Sugar

GOOD INVESTMENTS FOR HOME MONEY. And any Dividend Paying Stocks Bought and Sold.

Telephone 127. 36 S. Main St., Salt Lake City.

StiifleMer *

FARM WAGON

Conceeded by all Farmersand Teamsters to be the Best and

Lightest Running Wagon on the Market.

The Celebrated Studebaker Four Spring Mountain

Wagon, with "A"Grade Wheels, complete with

White Duck Express Top. and the Finest Hand

Made Double Harness complete with Collars, for $140.

Just tMnk of such an offer for such fine work. This means a

Cut of |50.00 to each member of the Y. M. M. I. A.

If you want a buggy, send for one of our 1| Izzer Buggies with Four Bow Top and Set of Single Harness, for $100.

"A CUT OF $27.50.

Largest Stock of Vehicles and HarnessEverything in Same Proportion.

Carried in the West.

Studebaker Bros., Mfg. Co.,

J57 and J59 State Street, SALT LAKE CITY.

Are you subscribing for

inPROVEHENT ERA V

It is the PROPERTY and organ of the Y. fl. n.I. A.

$2 per annum in advance.

(WHEN writing to advertisers mention the era.)

NEWEST OAK STOVE BUILT NICKEL BASE AND

CIRCULATING FLUE

POSITIVELY AIR TIGHT,

AND

HANDSOME ENOUGH FOR ANY PARLOR

good, waoon & Machine go.

Utah and Idaho.

GEO. T. ODELL, Gen'l Hgr.

orPRESIDENTS

'I. A. Y. M. M.

Are reminded that if they obtain 5 per cent, of the Latter day Saint population of their wards as subscribers for the ERA their Association will receive 25 cents for each and every subscription taken in the ward. Every Association should

work for this.

(WHEN WRITING to advertisers mention the era.)

CO.DAYNES MUSIC

10: M

THE TI7UTe TRIED FRieiSD OF UTHH,

LHHGB STOCK CONSTKNTLY ON HKND. S@ND E=OR CRTKLOGUB

DAYNES MUSIC CO.

THE LEADING MUSIC DEALERS. 74 MAIN ST., SALT LAKE CITY.

EVERYTHING KNOWN IN MUSIC.

Take The THE NEW MANUAL$10 CHAISE ON WESTERN THE DISPENSATION OF—BETWEEN THE FULLNESS OF TIMES Salt Cak;e Qity and 0<5d<?n,

is a most valuable compendium prouo, Eura, /TVarti.

and text book on Church history

BMIHMIH8I1B ASIDE upIt tocontains1839. many gems from

the history of the Prophet JosephTwo Fast Trains to the EasJ daily, carrying all classes of equipment, including PullSmith.

man Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars, Free Reclining Chair Cars.

routes distinct of threeChoice through Send orders to magnificent the most the Rockies, and scenery iu the world.

For printed matter or information, apply to THOS. HULL,

F.A.Wadleigh 214 15 Templeton Blk., Salt Lake City.

General Pass.

Price 25 c. each.

Salt Lake City.

(WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS MENTION THE ERA.)

ROYAL B. YOUNG, Prest. ESTABLISHED 1879. JOS. YOUNG, VicePrest.

CO.,YOUNG BROS. 35 7UTFUN STR66T.

Dealers in Domestic, New Home and Standard Sewing Machines, Bicycles,

PIANOS, ORGANS.

Largest stock of Musical Merchandise in Utah. Music Boxes, 11

sizes, all prices, from $ J. 25, $8.00, $12.00, $25 00, $45.00, $60.00, $75.00,

$90.00, $110 00 to $250.00 each. Wholesale and retail.

Agents wanted everywhere. Write for catalogue.

At Our Store if you wish to bujT the best and the cheapest.

We carry the most complete stock of J% Jit jit

Furniture, Carpets, Wall Paper, Curtains, Draperies,

Stoves, Tinware, Crockery, Etc WEST. TO BE FOUflD IJ* THE

- Salt Lake City. fl. DINWOODEY FURNITURE CO.,

SAVE YOUR MONEY, AND WHEN YOU GET A DOLLAR DEPOSIT IT WITH

ZION'S SAVINGS BANK & TRUST COHPANY.

DiflECTOflS.

Lorenzo Snow

President George Q. Cannon,

VicePresident.

George M. Cannon,

Cashier.

Joseph F. Smith,

Lorenzo Snow, Francis M. Lyman,

Heber J. Grant,

Angus M. Cannon.

T. G Webber,

James Jack, H. B. Clawson,

George Reynolds, L. John Nuttall.

1, 3 & 5 MAIN STREET, - - - SALT LAKE CITY UTAH.

(when writing to advertisers mention the era.

Vol. III. JANUARY, 1900. No. 3.

EXPERIENCES IN THE LIFE OF PRESIDENT

WILFORD WOODRUFF.

BY ABRAHAM 0. WOODRUFF, OF THE QUORUM OF TWELVE APOSTLES.

FIRST YEAR OF MISSIONARY LABORGUIDED BY A LIGHT

FROM HEAVEN—SYSTEM OF SUMMARIZING

THE YEAR'S WORK.

[The first of a number of short sketches from the busy and crowded life of President Wilford Woodruff, promised in the prospectus for Vol.

Ill, is here presented, to be followed by others which have been selected and compiled from his journals, by his son, Apostle A. 0. Woodruff,

especially for the Era.—Editors.]

President Wilford Woodruff kept a faithful journal from his boyhood until the last day of his life. In presenting to the readers

of the Era this, the first article on this subject, I have chosen his record for the year 1835, his first year in the missionary field.

162 IMPROVEMENT ERA

My reason for doing so is that the record for this year is indicative of the life which [followed, an evidence that the character of

Wilford Woodruff was of an unchangeable nature, and that his love for God and his fellowmen, and his faith in the Gospel of Jesus

Christ did not fluctuate.

The first page in this day book reads as follows:

"Home of Brother Wright, Seven miles east of Liberty, Clay

Co., Mo., Jan. 13, 1835.

"This is the first mission, or the commencement of my travels to preach the Gospel of Jesus Christ, on the 13th day of Jan., 1835.

I commenced traveling in company with Harry Brown as my partner. We now intend, if the Lord will, to visit the Southern

States. May God grant us wisdom and make us meet for our

master's use and assist us to rightly divine the word of truth and render to every man his portion in due season, that our garments may be clean of the blood of this generation."

During this year my father met for the first time the late

President Abram 0. Smoot, my grandfather Smith, and many other

men who became noted for their usefulness and love of the Gospel.

Among the many interesting incidents of this year, the following is recorded under date of Sunday, Nov. 15:

"Preached at Brother Clapp's on the attributes of God, and baptized five persons, then mounted our horses and rode to Clark's

River. I was in company with Brother Seth Utley and four other

brethren and two sisters. We rode to the creek but could not

cross without swimming our horses, and a heavy rain had fallen the night and day before. Night was overtaking us and as it was

dangerous for the sisters to attempt swimming their horses, we tried to head the creeks sufficiently to ford them. In the attempt,

both the darkness and a heavy storm of wind and rain overtook us, and we lost our way. We had neither fire, light nor road, but

were sitting astride our horses in rain and wind, creek, mud, water and tree tops. The sisters had more the appearance of fishermen

than travelers. I thought of Paul's perils by water. But the Lord

doth not forsake his Saints even in their severest troubles; for

while we were in the woods, groping as the blind for the wall, suffering under the blast of wind and rain, suddenly a light shone

EXPERIENCES IN THE LIFE OF PREST. WOODRUFF. 163

round about us without either sun, moon or stars, so that we were able to reach a house where we received directions and procured some torches to serve us as lights. We went on our way rejoicing

although the rain and wind beat upon us and the darkness returned.

We reached Mr. Henry Thomas'house at about 9 o'clock at night,

without much harm, after being five hours in the storm, riding, as was judged, twenty miles, and fording creeks and branches twenty or more times without murmuring, either male or female, and felt to thank God for our preservation."

Perhaps it would be of interest, especially to our missionaries, to present herewith a synopsis of my father's labors for 1835.

He himself prepared it at the close of the year and from it we may compare the system of preaching the Gospel without purse and scrip in that day, with the system frequently adopted in later years: "On the night of the last day of December and of the year of our Lord, 1835, I perused my journal and found it to contain the following account of my travels and proceedings in the year 1835, commencing the 13th of January, 1835, making one year, twelve days excepted.

"Traveled three thousand two hundred and fortyeight miles, divided in the following manner: from 13th of January to the 28th

of June, traveled one thousand eight hundred and four miles while holding the office of a priest; two hundred and twelve miles in

Missouri with Elder H. Brown; six hundred and fiftysix miles in

the Arkansas Territory; six hundred and eight with Elder Brown

and fortyeight alone; nine hundred and forty in Tennessee; seven

hundred and sixty with Elder Warren Parish and one hundred and eighty alone.

"Traveled from the 28th of June to the 31st of December, after holding the office of an elder, in the states of Kentucky and

Tennessee, principally alone, one thousand four hundred and forty miles. "I held one hundred and seventy meetings, divided in the following manner: while a priest, ten with Elder Brown, fiftysix

with Elder Parish, and fourteen alone. One hundred while holding

the office of an elder, principally alone.

"I baptized fortythree, eight while a priest and thirtyfive 164 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

while an elder; three were Campbellite priests; was an assistant to

Elder Brown while baptizing two in Arkansas; also assisted Elder

Parish while baptizing eighteen persons in Tennessee and Kentucky.

"I procured twentyfour subscribers for the Messenger and

Advocate and two subscribers for the Star.

"I procured seventythree signers to the petition to the

Governor of Missouri for redress of wrongs done The Church by the

Jackson County mob, ten in Missouri, fiftysix in Arkansas and seven in Tennessee, while a priest.

"I wrote eighteen letters, eight while a priest, ten while an elder, and received ten.

"I ordained two teachers and one deacon.

"I expelled seven members from The Church, but not while hope remained.

"Held three debates.

"Three companies in the form of mobs gathered together against me; at one time the company consisted of about five

hundred men, led by a Baptist priest.

"The before mentioned is the account of my proceedings of the year 1835, which had born its report to heaven of me and all other men, and could it not have borne more welcome news? Ah,

it cannot be recalled. The sable shades of night have already

spoken the departure of 1835, and the queen of the night is issuing forth in her brilliant light to welcome the dawn of 1836. God,

enable my heart and hands to be clean for a year to come."

SPIRITUAL SIDE OF BURNS.

BY C. W. NIBLEY.

Why is the poet, Robert Burns, so universally honored? Here

is a man dead more than a hundred years, and yet on each recurring 25th of January, throughout the Englishspeaking world, there are gathered together men and women who celebrate the day of his birth and who delight to do him honor. Surely he must be a remarkable man who has so long kept love in the hearts of the children of men. There is a secret here, if we might only find it. So

dissipation, his wrongmany phases of his life, too, against him—his

associations! He is not loved and honored for these failings, but

in spite of them. At this point of the world's history, the object

all the world seems most to honor is wealth. The man who

care howis the possessor of many dollars—and we do not much

he got the dollars—is the man to whom the world now takes off its

hat. I suppose in Burns'time, too, there was a similar feeling.

The richest man in Edinburgh—how much above Burns was

he? Doubtless he could scarcely afford to notice Burns. And yet

now we ask, who was the richest man in Edinburgh? Who among

the wealthy, was the wealthiest? Alas! we do not know; they are all

long ago decently forgotten, as they should be. The temporal is

ever the thing that perishes; it is the spiritual only that giveth life

and lives. Even in the great field of politics, we can not remember

who was Premier in Burns'time; or whether it was "Willie Pitt or

Charley Fox,"or both.

Burns had a deep spiritual nature, and it is to that more than to all else to which I attribute the lasting quality of his work. He

was not a mocker and scoffer, as he is often thought to have been, 166 IMPROVEMENT ERA..

but he had no patience with the cant and hypocrisy of his day.

Neither could he accept the narrow creeds of the churches.

Especially hateful to him was that Calvanistic idea of predestination which destroyed the free agency of man. Hear how he

satirized that doctrine in Holy Willie's Prayer:

Thou, wha in the heavens dost dwell,

Wha, as it pleases best thysel',

Sends ane to heaven, and ten to hell,

A'for thy glory, And no for ony gude or ill They've done afore thee'.

On the other hand, we have in his Cotter's Saturday Night such a portrayal of the true spirit of religion as has been seldom given to this world. After he had written his Holy Willie's Prayer

he was persecuted by the local clergy, some of whom Burns considered were themselves guilty of evil. He justifies his course

in a letter to a friend, in these lines:

I own 'twas rash, an'rather hardy,

That I, a simple, kintra bardie,

Should meddle wi'a pack sae sturdy,

Wha, if they ken me, Can easy, wi'a single wordie,

Lowse h-11 upon me.

But I gae mad at their grimaces,

Their sighan, cantan, graceprood faces,

Their three mile prayers, an'haufmile graces,

Their raxan conscience, Whase greed, revenge, an'pride disgraces

Waur nor their nonsense.

But lest he should be considered as ridiculing religion itself,, he adds these lines which show forth the true spirit of the man:

All hail, Eeligion! maid divine!

Pardon a muse sae mean as mine,

Who in her rough imperfect line

Thus daurs to name thee;

To stigmatize false friends of thine

Can ne'er defame thee.

SPIRITUAL SIDE OF BURNS. 167

Then we have such glimpses of love, tenderness, pathos, pity for the little hopping bird, when the cold winter storm is raging:

Ilk happing bird, wee, helpless thing,

That, in the merry months o'spring,

Delighted me to hear thee sing,

What comes o'thee?

Whare wilt thou cow'r thy chittering wing,

An'close thy e'e?

The spirit of forgiveness, too, is not wanting; listen to this:

Then gently scan your brother man,

Still gentler sister woman:

Tho'they may gang a kennin wrang,

To step aside is human:

One point must still be greatly dark,

The moving why they do it:

And just as lamely can ye mark,

How far perhaps they rue it.

Who made the heart, 'tis He alone

Decidedly can try us;

He knows each chord—its various tone,

Each spring, its various bias:

Then at the balance let's be mute,

We never can adjust it;

What's done we partly may compute,

But know not what's resisted.

Burns has an eye to see through all sham and show. In an

age when the nobility of Scotland were all but worshiped by the poorer classes, Burns refuses such homage unless the titled one is worthy thereof:

Ye see yon Birkie ca'd a lord Wha struts and stares and 'a that,

Tho'thousands worship at his word

He's but a coof for a'that.

I am told that in one of the textbooks on mojral philosophy, in use in the public schools of some of the states, the following.

168 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

lines of our poet on "moral duty"are printed in one of the lessons:

The great Creator to revere, Must sure become the creature,

But still the preaching cant forbear,

And ev'n the rigid feature:

Yet ne'er with wits profane to range,

Be complaisance extended;

An Atheist's laugh's a poor exchange

For Deity offended!

"When ranting round in pleasure's ring,

Religion may be blinded;

Or if she gie a random sting, It may be little minded;

But when on life we're tempestdriv'n,

A conscience but a canker A correspondence fixed wi'Heav'n,

Is sure a noble anchor I

In the inequalities of Fortune's favors, his great, just soul, with true spiritual insight, gives forth its lamentation in this wise':

See yonder poor, o'erlabor'd wight, "So abject, mean, and vile, Who begs a brother of the earth

To give him leave to toil;

And see his lordly fellowworm The poor petition spurn, Unmindful, tho'a weeping wife

And helpless offspring mourn.

My comments must be exceedingly brief, to bring out in one short article so many selections to show that it is because of their deep spiritual nature that his verses are so loved and his name so honored.

The Scriptures prophesy of a time when the enmity that exists between man and beast shall be taken away -when peace shall reign, and the Spirit of God shall be in every heart. Even the

beasts shall not harm nor destroy. The lion and the lamb shall lie

down together.

This beautiful spiritual thought occurs to Burns as his ploughSPIRITUAL SIDE OF BURNS. 169

share turns up the nest of the little fieldmouse, and when the mouse, panicstricken, runs in terror away. To man was given

dominion, it is true, but why this abuse of power?

Listen to these lines on that subject:

I'm truly sorry man's dominion

Has broken Nature's social union,

An'justifies that ill opinion,

Which makes thee startle At me, thy poor earthborn companion,

An'fellowmortal!

Again, what better or truer gospel could be preached than this:

To make a happy fireside clime

To weans and wife, That's the true pathos and sublime

Of human life.

Thoughts of what we understand to be the united order, or brotherhood of man, occur to him, too, as witness the following:

Lord help me thro'this warld o'care!

I'm weary sick o't late and air!

Not but I hae a richer share Than mony ithers;

But why should ae man better fare,

And a'men brithers?

Why indeed should one man fare so much better than another, if all are equally good, willing and obedient unto the extent of the ability that God has endowed us with? And yet he cannot be made

to believe that such unjust conditions will always continue. Nay,

on the contrary, he knows they cannot last forever, and with true poetic insight, almost with the voice of a prophet and seer, he breaks forth into prophetic song:

Then let us pray, that come it may,

For come it will for 'a that,

When man to man the world o'er,

Shall brothers be and a'that.

170 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Surely the millennium were here, if man to man the world over would brothers be, and all which that implies.

This, then, can be accepted as certain, that any book will last in proportion to its true spiritual worth. Byron rhymes most

cultured poet, but how many read Byron now? beatifully—is a

Alas! he is of the earth earthy, too much of the world, the flesh

and the devil. There is nothing or next to nothing, of the spiritual in Byron.

Carlyle's Sartor Resartus and his Oliver Cromwell will be read with great and increasing interest for many years yet, but his

Frederick the Great, although its author bestowed great pains upon it, will sooner lose its interest. The reason is that Cromwell fought

for his Puritan religion, and Sartor is full of beautiful spiritual thought, while Frederick fought for dominion and glory.

Notwithstanding the spiritual side of Burns, we must however sorrowfully confess that he made of life a failure.

The chief reason therefor is not hard to find. His aim, his

purpose in life, was not single. It is written, "no man can serve

God and mammon."Burns unfortunately vacillated in his course.

He knew his duty but could not resist temptation.

The wedge, if it has one edge, will split the log, if you keep hammering. But if it is turned part one way and part the other,

you may hammer it to little purpose except to batter and destroy it. "If thine eye be single, thy whole body will be filled with light."

Burns failed as many of us may fail, in trying to serve two masters. It can never successfully be done.

But for the beautiful songs he gave us, for his fund of mirth and humor, and, above all, for the spiritual truths that he taught us, we will revere his memory, and for many ages yet to come, there will be celebrations of his birthday when many other more blameless poets are decently forgotten.

ACTS OF SPECIAL PROVIDENCE IN MISSIONARY EXPERIENCE.

CHILDREN RESTORED TO HEALTH.

BY GEO. H. ISLAUB, AUSTRALIAN MISSIONARY.

We have had a remarkable evidence of God's power being manifested through his authorized servants in this dispensation.

It is not the first by any means, since I have been on my mission, but this particular case has its peculiar features, so I will relate

it.

There is a family here in Brisbane, Australia, by the name of

Lind. They joined The Church some three or four years ago, but

for the past two years they have not associated with the Saints, in fact the husband had requested that his name be taken from the books. The matter was brought to my attention, and I concluded

to take up a labor with them, so I called on them one day. Brother

Lind, (I will call him brother), was out, and his wife received me very coldly. I visited with her for sometime, and after some persuasion

secured her consent to call on them some evening when he was at home. I did so, and had a long night with them, leaving somewhat encouraged. During our conversation Brother Lind boasted

that since he had left the Church, he had prospered more than when he was in full fellowship with the Saints. I warned him against

boasting, saying that God had his own way of humiliating his chilren.

A few days after this, his second youngest son took suddenly 172 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ill. The doctor was called in, and did all he could for the child,

but finally informed the parents that he could not hold out any hope for its recovery. The night previous, the mother dreamed she

had sent for the elders, and, as a result, the child improved. The

following morning, the child feebly asked for "Brother Islaub to come."Nothing had been said to him of the elders, and he had

only seen me on two occasions. The dream and the child's request

impressed the mother, and about noon she sent for me to come over. My companion and myself immediately answered the call.

It was about one mile from our quarters. Upon our arrival we

found a very sick child. The mother, almost overcome with grief,

requested us to administer unto him provided we thought it would avail anything. I asked her if she had faith; she said she had.

Then I told her that if she had faith that through the administrations of the elders he would be healed, it would be so. We officiated in the sacred ordinance, and three days following the child

was up and dressed.

Then followed the sickness of the youngest son. He too was

suddenly taken ill. He had not been blessed and named, so we delayed until the following day that the consent of the father might

be obtained in having him blessed by the elders. We called the

following day and performed this ordinance, and also administered to him. The next day we also called and found that the child had

become much worse. For some reason, we were not asked to administer to it on this occasion, though we remained two hours, and

even suggested that the ordinance be performed, for we felt the influence of evil prevailing around the child. However, we departed feeling that the mother had soon forgotten the testimony

of God's power in the restoration of her other son.

Next day, about noon, we were summoned to the house with the request to hasten. Upon arrival we found the child in the

throes of death. The doctor had been there, and had told the

mother he had no hopes for his recovery. The poor mother was

distracted, and well she might be, for death had surely laid his cruel hand upon her child. I became filled with an influence that I

could not resist, and said: "I will not give up that child."I told

the mother to take the child in her arms, to summon all the courage and faith she could, and, if it was God's will, the child would

ACTS OF SPECIAL PROVIDENCE. 173

be restored. We proceeded to attend to the ordinance of administration. My companion applied the oil, but could hardly speak the

words necessary in doing so. I was mouth in the administration.

We had no more than placed our hands on the head of the child, and I had pronounced the words, "in the name of Jesus Christ and by authority of the Holy Priesthood, we command the power of death that is upon this child to be stayed,"than I felt that I had been seized by an evil power. Great beads of perspiration stood

out all over me, and I felt as though I would be overpowered.

With a tremendous effort I resisted it, keeping my hands on the child's head and pronouncing the rebuke, and sealing God's blessings upon the almost lifeless child. I then staggered to a chair

and called for a drink of water; after which, I went out into the air

and soon revived, though all that day and night I felt tired and languid as a result of an experience I shall never forget. The experience of my companion was almost identical.

That night the parents sent word that the child was doing nicely, and that it was in sweet sleep, so we did not call on them till the following day. When we called the next day, we found

the child with a pleasant smile to greet us. The cold deathlook

had left its face, and was replaced by the pink tint of health. The

parents were very profuse in their thanks and praise to the elders for the restoration of their children. We reminded them that to

God should be given all the glory, that they must give him thanks and praise as we were only humble instruments in his hands, and, as we gave him praise, so must they give him the honor. I am in

hopes that this evidence of God's power being in the Church will awaken an interest in these people, and I have no doubt that it will.

These are the sweet periods of a missionary's life; to partake

of the sweetness of the Divine Spirit, is worth more than the riches of worlds to a humble elder. Of course, during my experience in

the Church I have seen many very remarkable demonstrations of

God's power, and this experience is only an additional testimony that the gifts of the Spirit are in the Church; but it is pleasing to

learn that our lives are so far approved of our Divine Parent, that he manifests himself through his servants.

I desire that this experience shall impress itself upon my children, that they may grow in that faith for which their father gave 174 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

up father, mother, brothers and sisters to embrace, and again left wife and children and the comforts and pleasures of a happy home to carry to a world fettered with the bonds of sin and wallowing in the mire of superstition and unbelief.

HIS INSPIRATION.

A writer in Success, who visited Sir Thomas Lipton on the

Erin, gives the following on the early struggles of the baronet, when he did not own a floating palace or a cup challenger:

"I remember, as if it were yesterday,"said Sir Thomas, "how utterly hopeless my financial condition seemed to be when I was a boy of fifteen in New York. I had run away from home to see the

world. My experiences were anything but pleasant, without work

as I was, a stranger in a great city. I got used to living on a few

cents a day, but when it came to such a pinch that I couldn't buy a fivecent stamp to carry a letter to the old folks in Glasgow, I very nearly gave up. I really think that decided me to go back.

It accentuated my homesickness. I thought of the prodigal son. I

borrowed five cents for that letter, and resolved to get back as soon as a chance offered. I can tell you I was glad when I once more

set foot on the other side. I had refrained from telling my people

how hard up I had been. This was largely a matter of pride with

me, but another consideration was their feelings. I would do anything rather than distress them. So I stepped up, on my arrival,

as jauntily as you ever saw a lad, and when a proposition was made to me by my father, soon after my homecoming, to set me up in a small grocery, I jumped at the chance."

"Was that the beginning of your fortune?"

"Yes. I made money from the start. I put in practice what

I had seen abroad—such as displaying goods attractively in windows, keeping the place as neat as a pin, and waiting personally on

my customers. Every dollar that I earned I saved—not that I

really loved money myself. That was not my inspiration,—it was

my father and mother."

RELIGION ON SAMOA.

BY W. 0. LEE, SAMOAN MISSIONARY.

So far as outward appearances are concerned, the Samoans are a very devout and a strictly religious people. One cannot help

realizing this on first acquaintance with them because of their familiarity with the scriptures, and their greeting to strangers, which is always mingled with thanks to the Lord for the preservation of their own and their visitor's lives. Every night, as darkness comes,

each house in the village is lighted by a lamp, or a fire made with cocoanut shells, and the family devotional evercises begin, sometimes by reading an extract from the Bible, and always by singing a hymn followed by prayer. We believe that the London Missionary Society are entitled to the credit of introducing this pleasing custom which we found universal among the natives. There is but one

objectionable feature in connection with it, and that is the publicity of each family's devotion, on account of the houses being open all around. Where so close together, the praying in one house is

marred by the singing in the next. However, the Samoans have become so accustomed to this confusion that it does not seem to affect

them. In fact, like most colored races, they dearly love this outward show of what may, or may not, be an inward grace.

One of the most remarkable things to a foreigner who has been taught to look upon the natives as ignorant, and classed with the heathens, is their perfect familiarity with the contents of the

Bible. Most of the present generation learned their A B C's, or as

the Samoans would say ole a ma lee ma le i, out of that good book.

It was also their first, second, third and fourth reader, and, therefore, no wonder they are so familiar with the letter, if not the spirit, of the scriptures.

176 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

The rapidity with which the natives can turn to any chapter, or verse, of any book in the Bible, is a surprise to all strangers not familiar with the custom among the Protestant Sunday schools, of devoting a portion of the exercises of each week to seeing which member of the higher class can turn quickest to any chapter and verse given out by the teacher. We doubt if another people can be found

who are more careful than the native Samoans in observing the Sabbath day as a day of peace, and rest from temporal labors, and a day given up to the worship of God. It is true that they have not

all come to a unity of the faith in Christ, but, in all our travels among them, we found but one skeptic, as an exception to the rule of general belief in the Bible, and the worship of God according to the rules and regulations of the three distinct bodies of religious worshipers known as the Protestants, the Catholics and the Latterday Saints.

THE PROTESTANT CHURCHES.

The Protestants were the first to commence proselyting on

Samoa. About the year 1830 or 1833, native missionaries from

Tahiti came to Samoa representing the London Missionary Society, and ever since they have been nicknamed the "Tahitian"Church, and among the natives are so called to this day. These, with a few

Wesleyans from Tonga, comprise the Protestant churches. There

seems to be an understanding between these two sects to the effect that the former shall enjoy all the privileges on Samoa, while the latter is allowed the same on Tonga, for purely economic reasons.

The London Missionary Society, through its missionaries during the last seventy years, has succeeded in reducing the native dialect into a written language. They have translated and printed

what is generally considered a very good translation of the Bible, together with a treatise thereon, not so good, and quite a number of works on educational subjects.

The Tahites, or Protestants, are by far more numerous than all other sects on the islands at the present time, and they have what is probably one of their strongest organizations on Samoa. In almost every village there is a native Protestant teacher

who is at once the spiritual teacher and the day school teacher of the village. Boys that are apt to learn are adopted by him, and

RELIGION ON SAMOA. 177

receive special care and training, and if they still continue bright and quick in their studies, at sixteen years of age, they are sent to

Molua, the Protestant training school for native missionaries on

Upolu. Here they take a four years'course in theology, and the

common branches of education, under white teachers, and at the expiration of that time, are considered ready to fill any vacancy as village pastors, or as missionaries to any other group of islands.

In this way the Protestants get the cream of the brainy ones for their work, and the schooling makes them more intelligent than their fellows. There is also the respect shown the religious office,

and a small salary attached that make it a very desirable position for the ordinary native. It is understood that in time of war these

village pastors are free from military duty, and the natives have been taught to give a tithe of their food to the village teacher, and to those dependent upon him, so that, to a great extent, he is also free from the manual labor necessary to gain a livelihood. The

Protestant work is looked after by some eight or ten missionaries who are salaried, and well taken care of, by the London Missionary

Society, and they live in ease, dress well, and are accompanied by servants wherever they go.

THE CATHOLIC CHURCH.

Next to the Protestants, numerically, are the Catholics, represented by the Jesuit fathers from France. The very appearance

of these men with their black beards, black gowns, and careworn faces on which there is no trace of a smile, repels one from their presence. They commenced their work some years after the country had become Protestant. It is said that their entrance into the

religious life of the natives was opposed most vigorously by the dominant church, which opposition has continued ever since. This

feeling of enmity between Protestant and Catholic, has had much to do with the recent internecine wars on the islands over the kingship question, (Malieatoa being a protestant, and Mataafa a Catholic,) since each sect was fearful of its rights, privileges, and property if the other should have a representative on the throne.

The Catholics have a number of fine concrete churches, which, with their stained glass windows and interior decorations, far sur-

178 IMPROVEMENT ERA

pass any others on the islands. On account of the natives being

fond of bright colors, pomp, show and ceremony, we often wondered why it was that the Catholics did not make greater headway and more converts. Hovever, as is usual with this sect, their converts

are converted in very deed to Catholicism, and they pride themselves very* much upon the fact that there are many more

Catholics than members of any other Christian sect on the earth at the present time. To the native mind, that is one great proof of

truth and right, and they take great pleasure in asking one the question, for personal gratification: "Which sect has the greatest

number?"While the Catholics are more exclusive than the Protestants, yet we have often been most hospitably treated by them, and we have many converts who were previously members of the Catholic church.

THE LATTERDAY SAINTS.—THEIR HISTORY IN SAMOA.

Last, but not least, except in numbers, among the religious bodies on the islands, are the Latterday Saints. There is quite a

romance attached to the begining of our work on the islands; briefly

it is as follows:

In the year 1857, when Johnston's army came to Utah, the

Elders on missions in foreign lands were called home. We believe

this request was generally obeyed, but there was one Elder, Walter

Gibson by name, on the Sandwich Islands who chose to ignore the request of President Young, in this matter, remaining on the islands. Seemingly he took it for granted, as did many

of the enemies of the Saints, that their extermination was sure. On

the islands and among the natives, this ambitious schemer saw opportunities for wealth, fame and personal aggrandizement enough to satisfy the most ambitious of men. He succeeded to a most remarkable extent. He became very wealthy and rose in political

power until he became the king's prime minister. It seemed, for a

long time, as though the Lord had forgotten this man who had thus usurped the authority of the prophet of God in establishing on

Hawaii a church of his own after the pattern of The Church, except that he sold the offices of the Priesthood at varying prices ac RELIGION ON SAMOA. 179

cording to the importance of the office. Then he robbed the overconfident native Saints by inducing them to buy an island, as a

gathering place, which was deeded to himself, thus furnishing him with the necessary wealth and prestige to begin his political career.

Some day when the history of Walter Gibson shall be written, it will furnish another most forcible proof of the folly in any man deserting the work of the Lord for the things of this world, and vainly imagining within his heart that he can make a counterfeit of the genuine church. He was cast out of The Church, and, in the

end, was banished by his political opponents from the islands, and died an exile from what had almost been his own kingdom, in the streets and gutters of San Francisco, without home, without friends, and almost forgotten.

During this man's power he sent two native elders, Kimo Belio, and S. Manoa, to open a mission on the Samoan Islands. While these

native elders were not properly sent by this usurper, yet they had previously been ordained to the priesthood, and labored with zeal and considerable success. The last mentioned, however, transgressed,

leaving the former to prosecute the work alone. Much credit and

honor is due to Elder Kimo Belio, for the good work he did on

Samoa. Unaided and alone, after his companion sinned, he succeeded

in establishing a strong branch of The Church on the island of

Tutuila. Had he lived to continue his labors, who can tell what we

would have found when we went there twentyfive years later to assist in reopening the mission, in the place of the scattered sheep, who, for the greater part, had wandered back into their former folds! But Lamafa, Ifopo, and many others, together with the long

since repentant Manoa, held themselves aloof from all other sects, still hoping, praying and sending occasional letters to The Church on Hawaii beseeching in most earnest pleadings that a white shepherd might be sent to gather them together again, and lead them in the true way.

It was the reading of these letters, at the Sandwich Islands mission, by Elder Joseph H. Dean, that created in his heart a desire

to reopen the work on Samoa. In 1888, he was set apart for that

purpose, together with his wife Florence, and they landed on the ittle island of Aumm. This island is separated from the larger

sland of Tutuila by a channel about a mile wide. Both of these

180 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

islands, if the proposed division takes place, will be given to the

United States. It was here that they found a nucleus of The Church

in a few of the remnants of Belio's flock, who received them with tears of joy and childlike rapture. Four months later, when our

party arrived to assist President Dean in his labors, we found him with a nice little branch of the Saints on Aumm. He had become

quite proficient in the language because of the similarity between the Hawaiian and the Samoan dialects. Neither language nor space

will allow us to describe, in this article, the peculiar feelings of our hearts, and the strange sights that we beheld with our eyes as our boat rode over the breakers, and the anchor was dropped in the surf, in front of the only village on the little island of Aumm, our first home on Samoa. All the village turned out that day and we received a royal welcome. Big, brownskinned, natives waded out

to our boat, and, locking their hands behind their backs, invited us to kneel on their hands, put our arms around their necks, and ride ashore. We men folks gladly availed ourselves of this opportunity,

but Sister L., demurred, until the thoughts of two long weeks on

the ocean, with that dreadful longing to reach land once more, was too much for her, when she too took her first manback ride from boat to shore. Then came that wonderful, joyous greeting

with the natives. From a Mr. McFarland, a quartercast, on the

same vessel returning to the islands, we had learned the native greeting, but the way we saluted the native women with a long drawnout talo-fata-ma-i-ta-i was undoubtedly, as Brother Dean said afterward, one of the most laughable things that he had ever heard.

With Brother Dean as our teacher and critic, and the natives to practice on, with the aid of the native Bible and dictionary, we began our daily exercise in the native language. For physical exercise, we went out each day into the forest and cut sticks and logs

for our first meeting house. After its completion, President Dean took

the other brethren, crossed over the channel to the island of Tutuila, and they made a complete circuit of that island, holding meetings, in nearly every village, being well received by the majority of the natives, and baptizing some before they returned.

During the absence of the brethren on Tutuila, we felt the weight of a responsibility entirely different from anything else in

RELIGION ON SAMOA. 181

our experience. When Sunday came, we took charge of the meetings, and strange are the stories that our companions are wont to

tell of how we made up in gestures what we lacked in words, in the earnestness to deliver the first message to the natives without an interpreter. It was during this time that Mr. Clark, the senior

member of the London Missionary Society, hearing of our work on

Aumm, came from Apia to investigate the new religion on the islands.

One day we received a call from him, and, naturally, our conversation drifted onto religious matters. Before going, he asked

the question, "Do you expect to establish your Church here?"

To which we replied, "Most certainly; we have come fivethous-

and miles for that purpose."

"Then,"he said, "I have come tenthousand miles to stop you."

He had recently returned from his vacation in England. We

met Mr. Clark many times after this, and each time we had more

converts, more branches, of The Church; and, lastly, our headquarters was established on the island of Upolu, within three miles of his

own. It was also during these first two months that we heard of

an agent of the Tamasese government being sent to arrest us, but before he reached Aumm, his government had fallen, and the Germans were compelled to bring back and reestablish Malieatoa as king of Samoa.

Within six months we had a number of converts on Tutuila.

and we moved headquarters to Vatia on that island. While at this

place, Elder Brigham Smoot, of Provo, was nearly drowned while bathing in the bay, on the day after his arrival. Through the blessings of the Lord, and our efforts, he was brought back to life againHere it was that we witnessed the destructive hurricane of March,

1889. Elders Dean, Wood and Beesley were on a trip to the island

of Upolu arriving at Apia in our little boat, the "Faaliga,"on the day before the hurricane. We were, therefore, eye witnesses of

the effects of that terrible typhoon on the lives of the sailors, and on the vessels of the United States and German navies. The brethren had been led to make this trip to Upolu through receiving a

letter from Ifopo, one of Belio's converts, who had been anxiously waiting with the other scattered Saints for the day when white missionaries would be sent to them. The joy of Ifopo on meeting

182 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the brethren, was unbounded. From that time until his death, this

devoted native gave his time, home, and all his energies to assist us in the work of the Lord. Among a people that are generally

considered as unstable as water, this man, with many others, remained true and faithful to the end, passing through trials that would have tested the faith and endurance of many more favored

Latterday Saints. He and his associates were often driven from

their native villages and made outcasts for the work's sake.

After the arrival of Elders Solomon, Smoot, Booth and Bennet, we were scattered. President Dean took the first two with

Elder Wood and his family to Upolu, where they bought a piece of land, at Fagalii and built a rustic mission house which still remains, with additions, as our headquarters on the Samoan mission.

From there Elder Wood went to the largest island of the group,

Savaii, and was very successful in establishing The Church there.

We remained with Elders Beesley, Bennett and Booth on Tutuila and

Aumm. From this time the work spread rapidly all over the islands,

until, when we gathered at mission headquarters for October conference, 1891, we numbered twentyone Elders, one sister and two children, with hundreds of native converts, and branches of The

Church on all of the islands except Manua. The authorities refused

to let us proselyte there because of an agreement between the chiefs and Protestants that no other sect should be allowed on the two islands in that group.

Meantime, President Dean and family had returned to Zion, leaving ourselves to continue the work. Elders Smoot and Butler

were laboring under difficulties to establish the work on the Friendly

Islands, (Tonga,) five hundred miles south of Samoa, and Elders

Damron and Seegmiller were preparing for their journey to reopen the Society Islands (Tahiti) mission, whence Elder James Brown and others were banished, in the early fifties, leaving large branches of native Saints that were afterwards visited and taken by the

Josephites.

Thus the work grew in numbers and spread over the islands regardless of all efforts to stop it. To the credit of the Catholics,

let it be said that they left us alone. But the Protestants, in their

native newspapers, republished all the old lies, and many new ones

RELIGION ON SAMOA. 183

that we had never heard of before, concerning the prophet Joseph

Smith and the Latterday Saints.

Our Elders had many interesting fireside discussions with the

Protestant native teachers, who, seemingly, were taught that when they left their training school, they were equal to any white missionary. They often came to us with all the assurance in the world

expecting to prove it. The writer had the pleasure and satisfaction of

accompanying President Dean on the first trip made by our Elders around the island of Upolu. At one village where we stayed over

night, in the house of the village chief who was also head chief of the district, we were visited at night by some twenty Protestant native teachers who had been moving a white missionary and his family from one station to another. Hearing of the advent of

Ofaifean Mamona (Mormon missionaries) in their district, they desired to interview them and confound them in argument. That this

was their object, we soon discovered, as they began to ply questions from all sides of the house which was now filled with the teachers and villagers banked upon the outside, curious to hear the discussion.

President Dean, who, through many years of experience on Hawaii, had become familiar with the native character, requested the teachers to choose one of their number as spokesman, and then questions would be asked back and forth, without confusion. This rule was

adopted, and their spokesman asked his first question which was answered by Brother Dean.

To illustrate his replies he placed some pebbles in a row on the mat in front of him and stated that we could easily understand how the native teachers had received their authority from the white missionaries, and they from the Society in London, and they back to Martin Luther, but there the chain of succession, like the row of pebbels, ceased.

"Now,"said he, "where did Martin Luther get his authority to organize the Church of Christ on the earth?"

After consulting with his companions, their spokesman answered, "From the Bible,"which was objected to, and passages were quoted proving for what purpose all scripture is given to man.

Then he said, "He received his authority from the Holy

Ghost."Objected to again, and proofs quoted from the scriptures

showing the various offices of the Holy Ghost. Then he ventured

184 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the assertion last of all, that Luther, feeling the weight of his own sins, prayed earnestly to the Lord until he felt in his heart that he was forgiven, and, therefore, his authority was assured. This last

weak reply was objected to by Elder Dean, and as he began to prove from the Bible that divine authority does not come to man in that way, the native teachers became excited, and tried, by asking all sorts of questions, to turn the tide in their favor, but in vain. Then the chief reproved them for not abiding by the rules;

at which their spokesman turned on him with abusive language, and was in turn ordered out of the house, with the declaration by our host that, "today I was a TalutiProtestant, but now I am a

Mormon.'"After the natives began quarreling among themselves,

we retired, and let them settle their contention. The end of the

matter was that the teachers, after inducing their spokesman to apologize to the chief, and vainly trying to persuade him to reconsider his threat to join us, they went away and sent three elders, or retired teachers, men of great influence, to labor most of that night and part of the next day to calm the anger of their muchcoveted member.

While we did not baptize our friend, yet the incident did us a great amount of good. The news of the affair preceded us around

the island, and we found the natives anxiously waiting to see us and to hear all about the controversy with the teachers.

The Protestants have done their work so thoroughly on Samoa that we often felt to say, "What a pity that they lacked divine authority, and divine wisdom in the doing of these things, so that their work would not have to be done over again P All this, because men choose to take upon themselves the authority to preach in the name of Jesus and interpert the Holy Scriptures, forgetting that no man taketh this honor unto himself, but he that is called of

God as was Aaron."

As to the future of the Samoans and the permanency of our work among them, we cannot hope for the best results, until they are separated from their native customs. Many of these are in

opposition to gospel teachings, but so strong are they that it seems almost impossible to wean the natives away from their tattooing, eating things strangled, and blood, their marriage customs, etc.

RELIGION ON SAMOA. 185

Just what effect the division of the Islands among England,

Germany and the United States will have upon the religious phase of the Samoan question, we cannot determine now, but no doubt it will be interesting to see these various forms of modern governments exercised so close together, and coming so closely in contact with each other every day.

It would be cruel to bring the Samoans to our cold climate where they would have to work eight or ten hours a day, instead of a few hours now and then, for a living, as they do on Samoa.

Our ceaseless work would crush their spirits, and create dissatisfaction. Some day, a more natural gathering place for them

might be found in Central or South America, when our missionaries go into those countries where the climate will be similar to their island home, and where they can be reunited with their

American brethren, the Lamanites, and Ephraim will teach them until they once more become a white and a delightsome people.

LOVING WORDS.

"Loving words will cost but little,

Journeying up the hill of life;

But they make the weak and weary

Stronger, braver for the strife.

Do you count them only trifles?

What to earth are sun and rain?

Never was a kind word wasted, Never was one said in vain.

"When the cares of life are many,

And its burdens heavy grow, Think on weak ones close beside you,-

If you love them, tell them so.

What you count of little value

Has an almost magic power, And, beneath their cheering sunshine,

Hearts will blossom like a flower."

Selected.

WALKS AND TALKS WITH UNBELIEVERS.

BY J. H. WARD.

I.

You need not throw down this article carelessly. It will do

you no harm. It assumes no dictation. It is simply the honest,

homelike talk of a walker on life's road, to be read by the young who need friends—by the middleaged who have none too many

—by all who wish to know and appreciate the truth, but who in

the bustle of life have not taken time to gather the pearls scattered along life's wayside. You say you do not understand it.

Who of us does? There is something so much beyond, as yet unrevealed to human minds, that one has scarcely time to stop and

think about it.

Yes, my young friend, we are walking along. The road turns

now to the right and then to the left. It is not altogether smooth,

yet we can pick our way along, if we heed where we set our feet.

There are thorns, thickset, along the road -their points stand ready to lascerate all who would force their way through, without regard to paths. And there are others on this same road; some

are old, some are middleaged, and some are young with you.

There are flowers and beauties along the roadside, but few of us see them. There are hidden beauties which must be sought outthere are countless bowers behind the thorns—there are mossy

banks at the foot of many of these old oaks, where friends can sit and be happy. We run from the cradle to the grave, reaching

for some hand in the distance—striving to gain a place on some

vehicle far ahead, swiftly flying still farther from us. Few of our

WALKS AND TALKS WITH UNBELIEVERS. 187

earthly hopes are ever realized. How the 'dreams of our youth

recede! The song of love dies out, and there sweep over the soul

storms of passion, dark shadows driven by fierce blasts.

It is then that the unbelief, of which we seemed so proud, shows itself in all its terrible hideousness. Why, I observe, my

friend, that the unbelief, of which you boasted the other day, seems now, in the hour of perplexity, to afford you no consolation.

What is this that you are reading in the hope of relief from the sorrows that oppress you? #

"The Vision of Mirza, as written by Joseph Addison.

I am glad you find comfort in this kind of reading. For

though it may be only the dream of the poet, it shows conclusively that your mind needs that consolation which religion alone can give. It also shows that the author had views on human origin

and destiny that socalled Christians seem to have ignored or forwho reject God's word, will gotten Strange it is that unbelievers, accept the same truths when presented under the form of a vision or a dream!

But let us read: "I had often been told that the rock before

me was the haunt of a genius; and that several had been entertained with that music, who had passed by it, but never heard that

When he had raised the musician had before made himself visible.

my thoughts by those transporting airs which he played to taste the pleasures of his conversation, as I looked upon him like one astonished, he beckoned to me, and by the waving of his hand directed me to approach to the place where he sat. I drew near

with that reverence which is due to a superior nature; and as my

heart was entirely subdued by the captivating strains I had heard

I fell down at his feet and wept. The genius smiled upon me with

a look of compassion and affability that familiarized him to my imagination, and at once dispelled all the fears and apprehensions with which I approached him. He lifted me from the ground, and

taking me by the hand, 'Mirza,'said he, 'I have heard thee in thy soliloquies: follow me.'.

"He then led me to the highest pinnacle ot the rock, and 'sa.d he and placing me on the top of it: 'Cast thy eyes eastward

toll me what thon seest.''I see', said I, 'a huge vdey and a prodigious tide of water rolling through it.''The valley that thou

188 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

seest/ said he, 'is the Vale of Misery, and the tide of water that thou seest is part of the great tide of Eternity.''What is the

reason/ said I, 'that the tide I see rises out of a thick mist at one end, and again loses itself 'in a thick mist at the other?''What

thou seest,'said he, 'is that portion of eternity which is called

Time, measured out by the sun, and reaching from the beginning of the world to its consummation. Examine now,'said he, 'this sea

that is bounded with darkness at both ends, and tell me what thou discoverest in it.''I see a bridge,'said I, 'standing in the midst of

the tide.''The bridge thou seest is human life; consider it

attentively.'

"Upon a more leisurely survey of it, I found that it consisted of three score and ten entire arches with several broken arches which, added to those that were entire made up the number about an hundred. 'But tell me further,'said he, 'what thou discoverest

on it.''I see multitudes of people passing over it,'said I, 'and a black

cloud hanging on each end of it.'As I looked more attentively I saw

several of the passengers dropping through the bridge, into the great tide that flowed underneath it; and upon further examination,

perceived there were innumerable trapdoors that lay concealed in the bridge, which the passengers no sooner trod upon, but they fell through them into the tide and immediately disappeared.

"I passed some time in the contemplation of this wonderful structure, and the great variety of objects which it presented.

My heart was filled with a deep melancholy; to see several dropping

unexpectedly in the midst of mirth and jollity, and catching at everything that stood by them to save themselves; some were

looking up towards the heavens, some were in a thoughtful posture, and some who were in the midst of a speculation, stumbled and fell out of sight; multitudes were busy in the pursuit of bubbles that

glittered in their eyes and danced before them, but often when they thought themselves within the reach of them, their footing failed and down they sank. The genius, being moved with compassion

towards me, bid me quit so uncomfortable a prospect. 'Cast thine

eyes on that thick mist into which the tide bears the several generations of mortality that fell into it.'I directed my sight as I

was ordered, and I saw the valley opening at the farther end, and spreading into an immense ocean, planted with innumerable islands

WALKS AND TALKS WITH UNBELIEVERS. 189

that were covered with fruits and flowers, and interwoven with a thousand little shining seas that run among them. I could see persons dressed in glorious habits, with garlands upon their heads,

passing among the trees, lying down by the side of fountains, or resting on beds of flowers, and could hear a confused harmony of singing birds, falling water, human voices and musical instruments.

Gladness grew in me at the discovery of so delightful a scene. I

wished for the wings of an eagle, that I might fly away to those happy seats; but the genius told me there was no passage to them

except through the gates of death that I saw opening every moment upon the bridge."

Well, we have read enough; the above gives hints at preex-

istence; man's present state and his glorious destiny. It seems to

me, my friend, that you are not so much of an unbeliever as you profess to be. Perhaps we will talk again.

WE ARE NOT HERE TO SIGH.

"We are not here to sigh and moan

And make our kindred sad:—

We're here to do the best we can

Toward making others glad.

Cheer up, cheer up, and do not fret,

If things don't come your way;

Be glad that some one else has luck,—

You'll have your turn some day.

But until then just try to be As cheerful as you can, For gloomy ways and gloomy speech

Are man's worst gifts to man!"

WORK, AND KEEP YOUR PROMISES.

BY HEBER J. GRANT OF THE QUORUM OF TWELVE APOSTLES.

I desire to impress upon the minds of the young men the fact that there is no telling when or where benefits may accrue to them or their associates, or at some future time, even to their posterity, provided they faithfully do their best in the daily battle of life. I will give some personal experiences to verify this.

In 189091, earnest efforts were being made to establish the beetsugar industry in our territory. Because of the financial

panic of 1891, many who had subscribed for stock were unable to pay their subscriptions, and I was sent east to secure the funds needed to establish the industry. Having failed in New York and

Hartford to obtain all of the money required, I was subsequently sent to San Francisco where one hundred thousand dollars was secured from Mr. Henry Wadsworth, cashier of Wells, Fargo &

Co's bank in that city. I am confident that my having been faithful when a boy in his employ, at the time he was agent of Wells

Fargo & Co., in Salt Lake City, had some influence in causing him

to loan to my associates such a large sum, at a time when there was a great demand for money.

One of the parties who signed bonds with me when I engaged in the insurance business, was Brother Horace S. Eldredge, and as

each bond required two signatures, he suggested that I ask Captain

William H. Hooper to sign with him. I explained that I knew the

Captain only slightly, and feared he would not care to become one of my sureties. Brother Eldredge thought otherwise, so I solicited

the Captain's signature, but he promptly declined. I walked direct

to my office and had been there but one or two minutes when a

WORK; AND KEEP YOUR PROMISES. 191

messenger from the Deseret National Bank, where I had just left the Captain, called and said that Mr. Hooper desired to see me.

My answer was that I had just seen the Captain and our conversation had been of such a character that I had no particular desire for another interview. The messenger insisted that he had seen

the Captain since I had, and I finally concluded, therefore, to call again. On reaching the bank, the Captain said: "Young man,

give me those bonds."He signed them, and then said, "When you

were here a few moments ago, I did not know you. I have met

you on'the street now and then for a number of years, and have spoken to you, but really did not know you. After you went out,

I asked who you were, and learning that you were a son of Jedediah M. Grant, at once sent for you. It gives me pleasure to sign

your bonds. I would almost be willing to sign a bond for a son of

Brother Jedediah if I knew I would have to pay it. In this case,

He related a however, I have no fears of having that to do."

number of incidents about my father, which showed the Captain's love for, and confidence in, him. What the Captain told me,

filled my heart with gratitude to God for having given to me such a father, and Captain Hooper's remarks have never been forgotten.

They impressed me with a strong desire to so live and labor that my children would be benefited, even after I have passed away from this life, by the record which I shall have made. The action

of Captain Hooper profoundly impressed me with the benefits derived from having a good father. Although my father died when

I was a babe nine days old, twenty years after his death I was reaping the benefits of his honesty and faithful labors. The incident referred to above happened twentythree years ago. Many,

many blessings have since come to me because of the honesty and integrity of my father.

While working in the same building with A. W. White & Co.

I was not employed with and also Wells Fargo & Co. (although

bank work, except the collecting in the latter bank,) I learned quite well, by assisting the bookkeepers and tellers, the banking business, which knowledge qualified me to accept a situation as acting cashier of Zion's Savings Bank and Trust Company, during the absence

I not been willing of my predecessor on a mission to Europe. Had

to sacrifice a portion of my unoccupied time while in White's and 192 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Wells Fargo's banks, I would not have been qualified to accept the position in Zion's Savings Bank.

I maintain that it is the absolute duty of each and every member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints to so order his life that his example will be worthy of the imitation of all men, thus bringing credit and blessings to himself and his posterity and also making friends for the work of the Lord, which should be the loftiest ambition of every Latterday Saint.

In line with the lesson taught in "Never Despair,"quoted in my last article, I desire to impress upon the minds of the young men that because they have not succeeded in the past, or have failed to live proper lives, they should never feel that there is no hope for them in the future. There is no teaching of our Lord

and Master, Jesus Christ, which is plainer than that laid down by him to the effect that there will be none of our past sins held against us, provided we repent and forsake them, in the future laboring diligently for the right.

Look not mournfully into the past; it comes not back again. Wisely

improve the present; it is thine. Go forth to meet the shadowy future

without fear and with a manly heart.

I commend my readers to learn by heart and put in practice the inspiring poem by Longfellow, "The. Psalm of Life."I will

quote two verses, not that they are better than the others but they are more applicable to the subject on which I am writing:

"Trust no future howe'er pleasant,

Let the dead past bury its dead,

Act, act in the living present,

Heart within and God o'erhead.

"Let us then be up and doing, With a heart for any fate, Still achieving, still pursuing,

Learn to labor and to wait."

It has been said, "All things come to him who waits,"but I

WORK, AND KEEP YOUR PROMISES. 193

have no faith in this saying, unless in connection with the instruction contained in the lines:

"Still achieving, still pursuing,

Learn to labor and to wait."

I have pleasure in quoting from the National Fourth Reader an article which greatly impressed my youthful mind:

DANIEL WEBSTER AT SCHOOL.

When Webster first entered Phillips Academy, at Exeter, he was made in consequence of his unpolished, countrylike appearance, and because he was placed at the foot of the class, the butt of ridicule by some of the scholars. This treatment touched his keen sensibility, and he

spoke of it with regret to his friends where he boarded. They informed

him that the place assigned him in the class was according to the standing regulations of the school, and that by diligence he might rise above it They also advised him to take no notice of the laughter of the city boysfor after a while, they would become weary of it and would cease.

The assistant tutor, Mr. Emery, was informed of the treatment which

Webster received. He, therefore, treated him with special consideration

told him to care for nothing but his books and predicted that all[would end well This kindness had the desired effect. Webster applied himself

He soon met with his with increased diligence and with signal success.

reward which made those who had laughed at him hang their heads with

S am lt the end of the first quarter, the assistant tutor called up the class in their usual order. He then walked to the foot of the class, took Webster by the arm, and marched him, in front of the class, to the head,

where, as he placed him, he said, "There, sir, that is your proper place.

This practical rebuke made those who had delighted to ridicule the country boy feel mortified and chagrined. He had outstripped them.

This incident greatly stimulated the successful student. He applied himself with his accustomed industry, and looked forward with

some degree of solicitude to the end of the second term, to see whether he would be able to retain his relative rank in the class. Weeks slowly

nassed away; the end of the term arrived, and the class was again

summoned to be newly arranged, according to their scholarship and deportment, as evinced during the preceding term.

While they were all standing in silence and suspense, Mr. Emery,

194 IMPROVEMENT ERA

their teacher, said, fixing his eye at the same time upon the country boy:

"Daniel Webster, gather up your books and take down your cap."Not

understanding the design of such an order, Daniel complied with troubled feelings. He knew not but what he was about to be expelled from school

for his dullness.

His teacher perceived the expression of sadness upon his countenance, but soon dispelled it by saying: "Now sir, you will please pass

into another room, and join a higher class; and you, young gentlemen/'

addressing the other scholars, "will take an affectionate leave of your classmate, for you will never see him again!"As if he had said: "This

rustic lad whom you have made the butt of ridicule, has already so far outstripped you in his studies, that from your standpoint, he is dwarfed in the distance, and will soon be out of sight entirely. He has developed

a capacity for study which will prevent you from ever overtaking him.

As a classmate you will never see him again."

It would be interesting to know who those city boys were who made the young rustic an object of sport. What have they come to? What

have they accomplished? Who has heard of the fame of their attainments? Scholars should be careful how they laugh at a classmate because of his unpolished manners or coarse raiment. Under that rough

exterior may be concealed talents that will move a nation and dazzle a world, when they, in turn, might justly be made a laughing stock on account of their inefficiency.

Webster having learned the lesson "to labor and to wait,"the result was that he became one of the greatest statesmen of America, one of the foremost men of his or any other age. Some of his great

speeches are marvels of eloquence, and make plain to all who read them the wonderful ability which he possessed.

The following from the Cosmopolitan quoted in the December Era, is of interest in this connection,

"Successful writing means work. * * * * Great geniuses do

not have the power to throw off masterpieces. They are men who labor

patiently, sometimes developing one thought through weary months. Upon

one occasion, Daniel Webster, after an apparently extemporaneous speech in the United States Senate, was congratulated upon the genius that enabled him to use an expression which seemed to his auditors to be particularly felicitous. 'Extemporaneous?'he replied. 'Why, that was the

work of my three weeks'fishing trip last summer;'thus illustrating the

saying that genius is an infinite capacity for taking pains."

WORK, AND KEEP YOUR PROMISES. 195

Not only are the words from I Chron. 22: 16, "Arise therefore, and be doing, and the Lord be with thee,"true as to the

benefits which will come to us in this life, but the Lord has promised if we are faithful here that we shall be rewarded in the life to come:

"Whatever principles of intelligence we attain unto in this life, it will rise with us in the resurrection;

"And if a person gains more knowledge and intelligence in this life through his diligence and obedience, than another, he will have so much the advantage in the world to come.

"There is a law irrevocably decreed in heaven before the foundations of the world, upon which all blessings are predicated.

"And when we obtain any blessing from God it is by obedience to that law upon which it is predicated."(Doctrine and Covenants, Sec.

130: 1821.)

I assert with confidence that the law of success, here and hereafter, is to have a humble and a prayerful heart, and to work, work, WORK.

"Blessed work! If ever thou wert curse of God,

What must his blessing be?"—J. B. Silkirk.

The Lord is no respecter of persons, and will give success to all who work for it. If I can only impress upon the minds of the

youth of Zion the eloquence, the inexpressible eloquence of work,

I shall feel fully repaid.

"Adverse circumstances should not discourage us. If there is ever

a time to be ambitious, it is not when ambition is easy, but when it is hard. Fight in darkness, fight when you are down, die hard and you

won't die at all."—Beecher.

"He who has resolved to conquer or die, is seldom conquered, such noble despair perishes with difficulty."—Corneille.

"What are the aims that are at the same time duties? They are

the perfecting of ourselves, the happiness of others."—Kant.

I hope that no young man will throw away any of his time commend to all the words waiting for "something to turn up."I

196 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

of Sidney Smith: "In order to do anything worth doing, we must

not stand shivering on the bank and thinking of the cold and danger. Jump in and scramble through as well as you can."And

also the following, by the same author: "Let every man be occupied in the highest employment of which his nature is capable, and

die with the consciousness that he has done his best."Let us endeavor to discover the occupation for which we are best suited by

the natural abilities which the Lord has given us, and then labor to improve upon these talents.

"For what doth it profit a man if a gift is bestowed upon him, and he receiveth not the gift? Behold he rejoices not in that which is given

unto him, neither rejoices in him who is the giver of the gift."(Doctrine

and Covenants, Sec. 88: 33.

Being an only child, my mother reared me very carefully; indeed, I grew more or less on the principle of a hothouse plant, the

growth of which is "long and lanky,"but not substantial. I learned

to sweep, and to wash and wipe dishes, but did little stone throwing, and little indulging in those sports which are interesting and attractive to boys, and which develop their physical frames; therefore, when I joined a base ball club, the boys of my own age, and

a little older, played in the first nine, those younger than myself played in the second,and those still younger in the third and I played with them. One of the reasons for this was that I could not throw

the ball from one base to the other; another reason was that I

lacked physical strength to run or bat well. When I picked up a

ball, the boys would generally shout, "Throw it here, sissy!"So

much fun was engendered on my account by my youthful companions that I solemnly vowed that I would play base ball in the nine that would win the championship of the Territory of Utah.

My mother was keeping boarders at the time for a living, and

I shined their boots until I saved a dollar, which I invested in a base ball. I spent hours and hours throwing the ball at a neighbor's

barn, (Edwin D. Woolley's,) which caused him to refer to me as the

laziest boy in the Thirteenth Ward. Often my arm would ache so

that I could scarcely go to sleep at night. But I kept on practic.

ing, and finally succeeded in getting into the second nine of our

WORK, AND KEEP YOUR PROMISES. 197

club. Subsequently I joined a better club, and eventually played in

the nine that won the championship of the Territory. Having thus

made good my promise to myself, I retired from the base ball arena.

I was not willing to do the I have never seen the day when meanest work, (if there is such a thing as mean work, which I doubt) rather than be idle. The Lord has said through his inspired Prophet

Joseph Smith:

For behold it is not meet that I should command in all things, for he that is compelled in all things the same is a slothful and not a wise servant, wherefore he receiveth no reward.

Verily I say, men should be anxiously engaged in a good cause, and do many things of their own free will, and bring to pass much righteousT1GSS *

For the power is in them, wherein they are agents unto themselves.

And inasmuch as men do good they shall in nowise lose their reward.

But he that doeth not anything until he is commanded and receiveth a commandment with doubtful heart, and keepeth it with sinfulness, thelsame is damned. (Doctrine and Covenants Sec. 58: 2629.)

I think this should apply also to boys, and when I think of the hours and days and weeks and months partially wasted by me,with the am impressed with sole object of learning to be a baseball player, I the thought that I was not anxiously engaged in a good cause neither following Sidney Smith's advice to be engaged in the higham convinced est employment of which my nature was capable. I

of the deep obligation which rests upon all parents and officers in theY M M.I. Associations to exert the best energy of our minds to

direct aright the labors of the youth of Zion. There was one thing,

owever, accomplished by my experience as ball player, namely, the fulfilling of a promise made to myself.

In my last article, I endeavored to impress upon the minds of the young men the necessity of being careful to fulfill all promises made to themselves so as to strengthen thereby, through the force of habit, the promises made to others. Every young man shou d

do this, and also have an ambition to qualify himself for labor to the full extent of his ability, so that he will be able to accomplish all that is possible for him to do in planting the standard of truth firmly on the earth.

GOSPEL STUDIES.

v.

THE REALITY AND SIGNIFICANCE OF HEAVEN AND HELL.

BY PROFESSOR N. L. NELSON, OF THE BRIGHAM YOUNG

ACADEMY, PROVO.

[In studying the following article, the young reader is cautioned that Professor Nelson is presenting old truths in a new way, and that in so doing, he places great stress upon selfeffort, seemingly to the neglect of the mercy of God, without which all our work is as nothing.

Let it be remembered that the words of Christ are true: "But lay up

for yourselves treasures in heaven, where neither moth nor rust doth corrupt, and where thieves do not break through and steal: for where

your treasure is, there will your heart be also."

That we are immediately rewarded or punished for our acts in this life, and that such reward or punishment is all that we will obtain throughout eternity, is an assertion that requires all the stress of modification that the author has placed upon it by employing the word "potentially."In the day of judgment, the righteous will undoubtedly

awake to find to their credit many mercies that never were realized to them in this life—many blessings and glories that they had never dreamed

of in this probation, while the wicked will, perhaps, discover that their evil actions have separated them further from the presence of God than they had ever comprehended in this world.

The farmer who sows is not immediately rewarded, yet that act is the cause of his future harvest; he could not reap without sowing. By

that act he is potentially—i. e. not positively but in possibility—

GOSPEL STUDIES. 199

rewarded; but what that reward shall be, great or small, depends much

upon how he shall further comply with the laws of nature in cultivating his crop, and undoubtedly, in a greater degree upon the God of harvests who in tempering the earth and the elements, giveth the increase. So all our acts in this life are as the seed and the labor 01 the

husbandman; but in the end, the reward is realized through the mercy

and justice of Him who judgeth all men righteously according to the deeds done in the bodv. Editors.]

My next proposition is trite through constant repetition, and seems so much like a truism that my only reason for introducing it is that it needs enforcing. It is this:

Every thought, word, and act of our lives immediately raises us toward Heaven or lowers us toward Hell.

This is true not only of Heaven and Hell when considered as states of the soul, but also when considered as places or associations; for there are large external beginnings of both Heaven and

Hell right here in earthlife.

Take two typical cases. Let the first be that of a man

whom the Gospel has rescued from the depths of sin. What, we

may ask, had taken place within him on the day he entered the waters of baptism? He will tell you he was a changed man A

new ideal of righteousness, crude and indistinct perhaps, had been created within him. This was the inner kingdom of God of which

Christ speaks in Luke (17: 2021). In other words it is the

beginning of Heaven as a state of the soul. True to the law

discussed in a previous article, he finds no more pleasure in old associations. He is seeking environments that shall correspond

with the new state of his soul. Baptism is the first real step

toward them. Communion with men and women of like ideals gives

him ecstatic joy. Day by day as his knowledge increases, his ideal

becomes clearer, and he seeks to make his life conform thereto.

Soon he begins to long for Zion as a place more completely realizing outwardly his spiritual state. Let us suppose that thus,

precept upon precept, he grows in the conception as well as in the outward realization of Heaven until the highest associations of righteousness on earth are his to enjoy.

What have been the rounds in the ladder of his ascent? Paul (i. e., the harmony answers the question. The righteousness of God

200 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

of the universe) has been made known to him from faith to faith. Ideals successively more perfect were given by the Spirit

of Truth, just as each in turn was. wrought out in conduct and

association. Each step was accompanied by joy above and pain

and unrest beneath: joy in the newfound inner Heaven; unrest till

its corresponding outer associations were formed. Such is the

history of a little part of the road to Heaven; the rest of the way,

even to the highest glory, does not differ in kind—only in degree!

Consider next an opposite case—that of Sidney Rigdon will

do. Here was a man resembling in many respects the previous

example in the degree of the Heavenspirit and Heavenassocia- tion to which he attained. But when his day of trial came he fell.

How far he fell, and whether at this day he is falling or rising, the

Father of all knows. Sufficient for my purpose that a man who

had the glories of the Celestial Kingdom opened to his vision, who conversed with heavenly beings, and who saw and heard things unutterable and unlawful to utter—sufficient for my purpose that

such a man fell.

What is the inner history of his fall? Just as in the first

example light entered the mind creating successively a more perfect ideal, so now with Elder Rigdon's first sin, darkness entered, obscuring his ideal and lowering the tone of his soul's Heaven.

For what is sin but treason to our ideals; i. e., a refusal to

conform in conduct to the righteousness of God which has been revealed to us?* In the first case there was joy above and unrest

below. In the second, these feelings are reversed. The moment

our inner Heaven becomes lower than our outer, we feel an unrest above.

Our environments bore us. We can't stand to be so

good."We distrust our associates, or sneer at them as hypocrites

which latter judgment is a reflex from our own hearts: we should

be hypocrites did we act as we lately acted and as our associates are acting. There is no remaining in such a state; we must either

* The reader will see, by a little thought, that this definition is merely a new statement of the expression; "Sin is the transgression of

the law/'The "righteousness of God"—what is it but "law"? "Transgression"—but proving traitor to the heavenly ideal revealed to us?

GOSPEL STUDIES. 201

repent, i. e., restore the brightness of our inner Heaven, or pass

below where our associations correspond with our ideals.

Sidney Rigdon chose not to repent. It was inevitable therefore that he must sink successively to lower levels. Every sin

would lower his ideal, and the unrest caused by environments above would compel him to change his associations to match. Nor

is there any resting place in this downward scale short of perdition.

At any stage above the last, however, repentance—which begins

by a change of attitude toward God and righteousness—may start

the soul heavenward again.

But we need not take extreme cases to illustrate the law that man rises toward Heaven or sinks toward Hell by every thought, word, and deed of his life. Let the reader appeal rather to his

own experience. Happy indeed is he whose life is an unbroken

ascent; woeful and deserving the pity of angels he whose inner

and outer life succeed each other in an unbroken descent. If any

thought can rouse in man the missionary spirit, the instinct to rescue, it must be this latter.

now For most of us, however, the course of life is zigzag, upward, now downward. Do you sometimes feel bored with the

thought of family worship? Are you tempted to break the

Sabbath day or refuse communion with the Saints? Be sure that

the tone of your inner Heaven is lowered, and your impulse is to find associations to correspond. Most of us remember such times

in our livesdownward tendencies mercifully checked perhaps through the chastening hand of our Father. Conversely do you

remember a time on your mission when you would willingly have walked a hundred miles to grasp the hand of a Latterday Saint and partake with him of the Sacrament? That was strong evidence Why that your inner Heaven was more exalted than your outer.

don't you feel so now?.

Blessed is he who daily takes stock of the sum total of harmony within him. His inclination or disinclination to pray is

no doubt the best single ledger account of his standing; but the

books he has appetite for, the companions and associations he chooses, the kind of food and drink that passes his lips, the thoughts and suggestions that arise in his mind are all signs o his spiritual solvency or insolvency. Perhaps the best general

202 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

way to determine the direction he is going, is to consider day by day whether his joys or his pleasures predominate in life. The

distinction between these two ideas is so rich in food for instruction that I reserve it for a future paper. By way of a hasty conclusion of this topic, it may be said that his life will be safely

upward who strikes a trial balance every night; for we cannot

well conceive in the same man a wisdom that would enable him to discover daily how he stands, and a folly that would keep him from heeding the lessons taught thereby. It is the man who

drifts that is in danger.

My next proposition may seem startling to some readers of the Era, but it ought not, for it is merely the truth of the last proposition put into a new form. It is this:

We are rewarded or punished instantly for what we think, say, or do; potentially there is no other reward or punishment throughout

eternity* Scarcely a Sunday passes that we do not hear advanced the old sectarian doctrine of laying up treasures in Heaven, in the sense oj storing something afar off in time and space, the joy and glory of which we shall come into possession of by and by. So,

too, Hell is painted only as a distant doom the punishment of

*I use the word "potentially"here to forestall an obvious objection.

Rewards and punishments as conscious realizations may be put off till the day of judgment. But even this will rarely be the case, save in part.

Which of us does not begin to feel Heaven or Hell, at least in part, as soon as the act is done which brightens or darkens our souls? This

qualification of the proposition is discussed further on. My purpose in

this pointed statement is to bring before the reader the neglected truth that our thoughts, words, and deeds, daily and hourly pass judgment on our souls. Suppose the summons: "This night shall thy soul be

required of thee,"—to be brought to you or me, and we should have to

stand before the bar of God; would not our reward or punishment be

there potentially in our own souls? Furthermore, was it not there and

at least partially realized during life? But whether realized or

unrealized until the judgment day, the fact remains, our rewards and punishments do actually begin, increase, decrease, and otherwise vary, as instantaneous effects of our thoughts, words and deeds. Future

rewards and punishments are only awakenings; potentially we are

already damned or blessed.

GOSPEL STUDIES. 203

which may be escaped for a time, but which will eventually overtake the sinner.

The evil of this partially true, partially false conception lies in the fact that it lulls effort here and now. The rich man who

gives a million to charity mistakes the laudations given him on; whereearth for a foretaste of what will be his reward in Heaven

as the only "treasure"he lays up by it is in the extent to which his soul is enriched by the act of giving, which perhaps could not equal that of the widow who gave her two mites. Indeed, if

vanity or worldly fame were in whole or in part the motive for the gift, the average of his soul's Heaven would be lowered, and therefore by so much he would actually be laying up his treasure in Hell.

The habit of transferring our rewards and punishments to remote points in time and space, as one might convey earthly treasures to a bank, results in turning our eyes away from our daily lives—where they should ever be, watching the process of

Heavenmaking and Hellmaking, as it goes on within us daily and hourly—and setting them upon creations of the fancy afar off,

where, like spiritual misers, we tell over the treasures we have laid up to await our arrival; swelling our glories and exaltations,

thrones and dominions, with no other let or hindrance than the ability of our speculative powers to soar and spread out; neglecting in the meanwhile the conquest of self, which alone can give

us any degree of Heaven whatever. How many Latterday <4Saints

there are whose only preparation for Heaven is in being "good"and receiving the ordinances of the Temple; forgetting that

ordinances do not confer exaltation—they merely furnish opportunity to gain exaltation.

With what an accelerated pace we shall aid in ushering in the

Millennium, when the last vestige of this artificial conception shall be weeded out of our thinking; when in place thereof the true

significance of Heaven and Hell shall be fully realized; which

significance I take to be this: There are no "treasures"in Heaven

for any man apart from those "laid up"in his soul, no punishments in Hell save the discords accumulated within his own bosom; the

only harmonies that will ever exist for him will be the sum total of those to which he daily attunes his soul; the only glories those

204 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

which make bright his glories of intelligence daily and spirit—the

hourly achieved.*

As before observed, we are in the very midst of Heaven's processes. Whoever forgets that earthlife is an integral part of

is potential and may to a large extent Heavenlife—that Heaven

become dynamic in our everyday associations—will wake up at

some distant point in time, at which he is now fondly though idly gazing, and find that his Heaven remains vet to be begun. For it is

a truth that we make our own Heaven—God furnishing the opportunity (ordinances, Priesthood, endowments,) and the guide, (the

Spirit of truth). Heavenmaking is in fact the only legitimate

business of life; and Hellmaking is nothing else than Heavenmaking neglected.

Whatever other books there may be out of which we shall be judged, certain it is that the Book of Life—as its name would

indicate—is the record which each individual soul is daily recording in itself; and so absolute is this record that, as Christ said, we

shall even have to account for every idle word we utter. In one

particular this simile of a book out of which judgment is to be made, is at fault; for with such a record judgment can be rendered

at best only at intervals; whereas in the liferecord each of us is

making, judgment is instantaneous: every thought, word or deed

instantly conditions the sumtotal of the Heaven or harmony within us, as surely and effectually as a pebble cast into a pond changes the shoreline.

And this is the essential essence of a man's Heaven or Hell—

the harmony or discord which reigns at any moment within his own soul. For Heaven secured within him, he begins to live in

Heaven, even though his externals be Hell. The more discordant

his environments, the more narrowly circumscribed perhaps will be his Heaven—the more hedged in will be his soullife; but small

*Let it not be supposed, because I thus emphasize, selfeffort, that I do not take the mercy of God into account. 'God's merciful guidance

through the medium of the Spirit of Truth is the very source of the

Heaven ideals, conforming to which constitutes "laying up treasures in

Heaven."Furthermore, the conforming thereto is possible only as God,

by the same means, gives us courage and fortitude.

GOSPEL STUDIES. 205

though it be, the light within his bosom will be celestial light—

differing in no respect from the light which shines from the warmththrone of God; the warmth within him will be celestial

differing in no respect from that which he wonld feel should he grasp the hand of angels..

Nor is it to be understood that the Heavenlife within him is circumscribed in the sense that his soul's light does not shine out and his soul's warmth radiate. It is only that the medium about as so, as truly warmth; and light the perceive to unfitted is him tints, and hues thousand its with sunlight of glories the that

would be but black darkness were there no eye to see them; or to

in art light shineth scripture, "The of language in the luTit he as It is only it not."comprehendeth darkness the ness and

man moves into environments where harmony begins to take th companionshipthat and sympathy finds he that discord, of nlace diffuand refraction for atmosphere find an warmth and s Ught h tan, within Heaven of joy the and Heaven have may He 7ol him without also Heaven find till he rest at be never will he but mans of a essence""essential the I say that therefore, No"are himthey within discord or harmony the is Hell or Heaven external as Hell and Heaven for states; future his of all noTIhe the and tares herethe realised imperfectly tat are realities pleasure get any tares the Whether t! Lw toLther by being increased pain their will have ZfSLt I may be doubted; but there can be noSKIto themselves, from fSd

Question that the wheat suffers from * that its inner life will -t expand gT*totM—'L and bliss till they b.i remove punish. *, and

have been judgmentwhat or,.**

*- since the moment that.*., th,ught, word,

tares. our place in in grew, took they y P1J sigmficant* of 1. taow trueand substantially

we are the shaping of our Iivesviz- no 206 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

instantly for what we think, say, or do; potentially there is no

other reward or punishment throughout eternity.

But there is another aspect of Heaven and Hell equally significant in the shaping of our lives for eternity. It is an aspect

which has been foreshadowed many times in this discussion, but which I now desire to state definitely, viz:

At the judgment day a man will receive that degree of external

Heaven which corresponds with the Heaven he has accumulated within him; a higher or a lower degree would be in the nature of Hell

(or discord) to him, by just so much as the difference between the status of his soul and his new environments; so, too, for him whose

life has been negative, the degree of Hell to which he is doomed will correspond with the want of harmony in his life; a lower or a higher

Hell, or any degree of Heaven, would be punishment both unjust and unmerciful.*

This proposition, so selfevident when stated as it is here, is far from being realized by many Latterday Saints. "Lord, forgive us our sins, and when we have finished this life, save us in

the Celestial glory,"is a very familiar petition. If the prayer

means, "Help us day by day to put our lives in harmony with thy laws so that in a million years or so we may find our outer Heaven

I have no objection to make.f But Iin the Celestial glory"—

* "In fine, so great had been my iniquities, that the very thoughts of coming into the presence of my God, did rack my soul with inexpressible horror. Oh, thought I, that I could be banished and become extinct both

body and soul, that I might not be brought to stand in the presence of my God"Alma 36: 1415. Is not this a true picture of how a soul

would feel if placed in glory for which his inner life unfitted him?

Would not the degree of his suffering correspond to the extent of the difference between the status of his soul and the nature of his environment?

1 1 say a "million years or so,"but I confess that it is really impossible to make a clear judgment on this point. A million years seems a

short time for so great a work, if intelligence comes to us as slowly as it comes on earth; but it is probable that we shall conform to the laws of

God in a much accelerated ratio, as our eyes are opened to the real meaning of salvation and exaltation.

GOSPEL STUDIES. 207

suspect these good people desire to make a sectarian leap from earth conditions into associations which only beings perfect as God and angels can endure.

Think what would happen should their prayers be answered!

Truth would buffet their imperfections on every side. Inexorable

law, to a thousand expressions of which they have never learned to conform, would crush them to agonized helplessness. "God

dwells in everlasting burnings."No man can behold his glory

and live. Fire was the only comparison by which the Prophet

could make us even faintly realize the gap between us and His perfection. Less awful would be most men's suffering were they

placed in the abode of the damnedless awful because their inner life would still be nearer the discord of Hell than the perfect harmony of Heaven. But going to either place would entail an

agony which neither mercy nor justice can ever permit to happen.

bliss. us to give fitted is which that Heaven go to shall We'are we done sooner are! still No that we children Foolish

believing in Aladdin and his wonderful lamp than we begin to think ourselves wise, and straightway give credence to marvels concerning Heaven and Hell more impossible than anything recorded in the Arabian Nights Entertainments. Consider for a moment what

would be the nature of the segregation should this eternal judgment be passed on the Latterday Saints now living, with just one A few day's notice. How many would go to a Celestial glory J an associationsto to higher pass doubt no very fewwould a todaytheir inner Church The than perfect Heaven more external an have they life outer any than more exalted purer, ng be Hf to consigned be would many But to. to conform un"y oppor the since earth on here have they than perfect less associations

"deals today are far below the external requirements made of differing not Heaven a be would there us, of most For'the hem striving now are we which to organization Church the from mnch h sinpnrer would fc life new the of Joys The Tconform. the for as But wheat. the with growing be longer no would tares he out work to opportunities the truth, of standard est-"ne se f- overcome we which by sacrifices the us, within Hetenideals or higher much were if they for same; the much be fheTewould

208 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

more difficult, there would be such a gap between us and them that they would be meaningless to us and therefore useless.

What then? Was it a futile promise that we should inherit

eternal lives in the Celestial glory? By no means. That is our

destiny. We shall become like unto God when we have bridged

the gap between us and God by selfeffort guided and directed by his Holy Spirit—in short by doing just such unostentatious duties

and making just such unheralded sacrifices as are daily required of us in this life. It may take us a long while to reach this goal; but

let us not forget that potentially we are in Heavenfrom the moment we start toward it: and at any stage in our journey toward the Celestial Heaven we are in the highest glory and most perfect bliss that

the universe can at that moment afford us. But we shall yet

reach a higher and more perfect outer Heaven as day by day we build a more perfect inner Heaven, for there is no end to time, nor space, nor progress.

MY PRAYER.

If there be some weaker one, Give me strength to help him on;

If a blinder soul there be, Let me guide him nearer thee.

Make my mortal dreams come true

With the work I fain would do;

Clothe with life the weak intent,

Let me be the thing I meant;

Let me find in thy employ Peace that dearer is than joy;

Out of self to love be led, And to heaven acclimated, Until all things sweet and good

Seem my nature's habitude.

John G. Whittibr.

SOUTH AFRICAN WAR.

BY DR. J. M. TANNER, PRESIDENT OF THE STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE, LOGAN, UTAH.

II.

Since the war broke out in South Africa there has been a general disposition on the part of the people of England to support the party in power. It is no longer a question of partisan politics, but

a question of patriotism, a war in which the success of the English arms is dear to the heart of every Englishman. On the other

hand, it must not be supposed that the war is a popular one. Many

of the Liberals are very strongly opposed to it; they thought that

the war with all its harsh and unhappy consequences might be avoided by the exercise of some patience and diplomacy.

The Uitlanders in South Africa saw in this division the probabilities of a longer delay in the adjustment of their difficulties than they wished for, especially in case the Liberals came into power The Liberals are Home Rulers. The very questions that

bear them up in the popular elections of England are questions that go to the fundamental rights of the Boers in the rule of their own country. The Uitlanders saw that as the wheel of political

success turned round, sooner or later the Liberals would again be on top and they had much less to hope for from them than from the Conservatives. The policy, therefore, of the Uitlanders waste

force the questions to an issue, and force it as soon as possible

In the Foreign Minister, Mr. Chamberlain, they had a warm friend

and sympathizer, and if they missed the opportunity of forcing the 210 IMPROVEMENT ERA

issue during his administration, they might have to postpone the fulfillment of the hopes which they were building up, for an indefinite period of time. It became, therefore, an easy matter to increase

the agitation in South Africa, to multiply difficulties, and to make an intervention on the part of another country almost an absolute necessity. But England had other reasons for preferring the war

now.

It will be remembered that in 1896, the Jameson raid revealed the fact that Rhodes and others were laying a scheme for an uprising in which the Uitlanders would take the initiative and England be compelled to follow. The Jameson raid was a conspicuous

failure. It was so bold and untimely as to create the most intense

feeling of hatred on the part of the Boers for the English. Jameson had not acted wisely, and about the only explanation that Mr.

Rhodes could offer was that Jameson had upset his apple cart, and Rhodes'calculations were therefore all scattered, and it must necessarily take a long time before they could be gathered up and concentrated as Rhodes thought he had them concentrated at the time of the Jameson raid.

This led to the unification of the Dutch throughout all South

Africa, so that those who lived in Cape Colony under English Dominion made their sympathy for their brethren in the Transvaal a political issue, and conceived the idea that the Dutch through all

South Africa should be united in a common cause, with common interests—without undertaking to throw off English rule—in certain national aims. This was called the "Africander Bund,"and

leading Englishmen saw that as this Bund become more powerful it might very easily lead to an alliance of all the Dutch in South

Africa—an alliance that, in case of war, would group all the Dutch

together in arms against the English. And again, it might be the

initiative leading to a South African revolution. If the Dutch of

Cape Colony, an English province, should rise in arms, the rebellion would be more formidable, because all the Dutch practically could enter the field, while of the Englishof Cape Colony there would be only comparatively few in numbers who would be prepared to take up arms. Soldiers would have to be provided from elsewhere. In Cape Colony there are two hundred and sixtyfive thousand Dutch and one hundred and ninetyfour thousand English. The

SOUTH AFRICAN WAR. 211

preponderance, therefore, of the Dutch over the English in this colony, and the disposition on the part of the former to take up arms being more general than it would be among the English, might increase the difficulties which England would have to encounter in case of a general uprising.

It may thus be seen that those who most favored the aggressive policy of Mr. Chamberlain, and especially the Uitlanders, have

been governed largely by the idea that it would be dangerous to postpone the war, and that the difficulties might by postponement be protracted for an indefinite length of time. The causus belli,

however, of the war is to be found largely in the commercial difficulties which the Uitlanders have to encounter. They jare dependent for their existence upon the outside world. Their breadstuffs, their clothing, all implements, and most all of the necessaries of life come from abroad, and these are taxed as they pass

through the different colonies on the road to the great city of

Johannesburg. Long lists of grievances of a commercial character

have been set forth by the Uitlanders as evidence of the oppression they were under. Examples of this may be found in the tax on

dynamite used for mining purposes. It costs there seventeen dollars per case, when it could be bought out of the state for less

than ten dollars. And a concession on dynamite has been granted

to a company which makes millions of dollars a year out of it.

Enormous prices by reason of similar concessions are paid for candles. The railroads discriminate and charge as much for hauling freight a distance of fortyseven miles from the border of the

Transvaal to Johannesburg as it costs to haul the same freight a thousand miles from the seaport.

Those who undertake to justify England in this war claim that one of her purposes is also humanitarian; that the treking of

the Boers was not simply for the purpose of migrating to a land wherein they could enjoy greater political privileges, but for the purpose of maintaining the institution of slavery,and that symptoms of slavery still exist in that country. This, of course, is denied by

the Boers who undertake to show that the native service is simply a condition of employment. But it will hardly do to ascribe the

English position in this war to the slavery question. There are

those, no doubt, to whom this excuse appeals very strongly.

212 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Connected with the charge of slavery is also the charge that

English missionaries have been treated very harshly by the Boers.

Whatever that treatment may have been, it is certain that the missionaries manifest a strong dislike of a people into whose religion they have been unable thus far to make any inroad. The

Boers maintain strongly their faith, and it has been one of the leading causes of their union, and, no doubt, one of the leading causes of the great treks which they have in the past undertaken.

Before and at the opening of the war, the ministers certainly did all they could to create popular prejudices throughout England and America by writing in denunciation of the Boers, and wherever a missionary discussed the question, people generally expected to find him against the Boers and in favor of this war. But while

the missionary sympathizers may justify the war in part on the grounds of the grievances set up by the missionaries, it is certain that the treatment of missionaries by the Boers has played really no part whatever in this matter. Besides, the grievance is old, for

in recent years there has been but little conflict between the Boers and the missionaries.

It is evident that even now, in the midst of war, the leaders among the Liberal party have not withdrawn entirely the strong opposition which they felt at its commencement. Bryce, the author

of the "American Commonwealth,"a prominent Liberal, has written a work upon "Impressions of South Africa."Bryce is very popular

and considered a very impartial author. His book was published

in 1898. Now that the war has broken out a revised edition is to be

issued, and in it he says, speaking of the causes that led to this war: "The Boers made concessions, but the English held these concessions insufficient. In the course of this dicsussion the British ministry used

language which led the Transvaal people to believe that they were determined to force the Boer government to comply with their demands;

and they followed up their dispatches by sending troops from England to Africa. They justified this action by pointing out (and the event

has shown this to be the fact) that the British garrison in South Africa was insufficient to defend the colonies. But the Boers naturally felt

that if they remained quiet till the British forces had been raised to a strength which they could not hope to resist, they would lose the only military advantage which they possessed. Accordingly, when they knew

SOUTH AFRICAN WAR. 213

that the reserves were being called out in England, and that an army corps was to be sent to South Africa, they declared war, having been for some time previously convinced, rightly or wrongly, that the British aovernment had resolved to coerce them. They were in sore straight,

Indthey took the course which must have been expected from them, and, indeed, the only course which bravemen who are not going to make further concessions could have taken."

Continuing further, Mr Bryce says regarding the present situation:

"To some of us it appears a calamity for England also since it is likely to alienate, perhaps for generations to come, the bulk of the white population in one of our most important selfgoverning colonies; it may,

indeed, possibly mean for her the ultimate loss of South Africa.

At the outbreak of the war, Mr. Chamberlain had but little to

say, and the press indulged in some comment over his reticence and wondered how it was possible that he could restrain himself m which from speechmaking in which he frequently indulges and his representations are of the most extreme cnaracter Recent, however, he found it convenient to arrange for a speech at Leices tar He had been extremely goaded by certain portions of the ontinental press, and the attitude of some French papers was exasperating to him. Indeed, the papers hat most had Queen, of the person the attacking J and were criticism extreme was notice of worthy not although that, a vileness de cendedto

extremely aggravating. The

ann(cment.that theSis from Queen arose the J*\t upon attack the to fte of Itahanpart the in winter coming the spend would she in the who delight those for country delightful and a warm Riviera, Europe. northern of months wintry cold the during funshine of the shore the along Genoa from extends Riviera The season, winter the during and, Nice, as west far as Mediterranean of he part in any found as can be Paradise as nearly Perhaps h make to the Queen led conditions political I suppose Trd

France, of to instead to Italy go and Inge ot English<%*at the outbreak the toward critical very were French as disreputable, most the Some "of *--* war the of the Queen, upon the person attack an began journals, French and made references quite vulgar in their character.

214 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Mr. Chamberlain seems to have lost his temper, and he undertook in his speech to lecture the French, and, in his reference to

France, made statements that were threatening in their character.

He warned the French that such attacks "may have serious consequences if our neighbors do not mend their ways."He also

spoke of the very friendly interest existing between England*

Germany and the United States. He made reference to an AngloSaxon, or Tuetonic alliance. In the use of the word "alliance,"he

had accentuated perhaps too strongly the friendly interest between

Germany and England, as a number of the German newspapers at once repudiated the idea that there was an alliance between England and Germany. However, he did represent that these three

countries were practically in accord with reference to their foreign policy. Whether that accord of foreign policy will lead to an alliance, is yet to be seen. England had recently been treating Germany to high consideration. She has practically withdrawn her

interest in the Samoan Islands on terms most favorable to Germany, and according to Germany's own wishes. The adjustment of the

Samoan question between England and Germany, was evidently a stroke of high diplomacy on the part of England in her play for the friendly interest of Germany.

That the Liberals will take every advantage of what they consider the mistakes of the Conservatives in this war, to strengthen their position, may be seen again from the remarks of Lord Rosebery at Edinburgh, wherein he makes reply to Mr. Chamberlain.

Lord Rosebery says:

"We have no right to go into the gutters (speaking of the French) to fish up the derelict press of any country and to hold it up to scorn, as a motive of our policy. It is impossible that the Queen could be

besmirched by such attacks, which only recoil on the attackers; but,

whatever the degraded outburst may mean, it does not represent the best or highest opinion of France. We have been overready to flout

other nations, and it is no wonder that Great Britain is unpopular abroad. I do trust that this undiplomatic frankness will cease, for

these stinging words rankle long afterwards, and it is not for statesmen to speak under the passing irritation of the moment."

The events of the war clearly demonstrate that England has again been guilty of the sin which has characterized her moveSOUTH AFRICAN WAR. 215

ments in almost every war of the last half of this century, namely, an underestimation of the strength of her enemies. At this time, it

is not possible to give any very correct idea of what has actually taken place in the movements and contests on the battlefield. The

Boers have moved their forces south into Natal, a British province, where most of the fighting, up to the present time, has taken place. There have been battles at Glencoe, Colenso and Estcourt.

Seventeen thousand British are now shut up in Ladysmith, Kimberly and Mafeking. The battle of Modder River is perhaps the

most sanguinary struggle that has yet taken place, but the paucity of news from the seat of war is such that it is very difficult at this writing to give the results of the struggle.

The British own the cable lines from South Africa, and the news that reaches us has, of course, a strong British coloring.

Recent statements from the other side, show a wide discrepancy in the estimates, not only of the men lost, but in the size of the forces. Here is an example. The English say that from four

thousand to nine thousand Boers occupied Talena Hill October 20th, under Lucas Meyer. The account of the Boers gives the number

as about one thousand. In the attack made by General Symons

upon the Boers, the English report says that from six hundred to nine hundred Boers were wounded. The Boer report says twentyseven The fact that the war office in England permits so little

of the news coming from the front to be made known, indicates at any rate that the English are not meeting with that success which the friends of England are looking for. m the It has been supposed that the Boers had deteriorated

use of their arms, and were not the excellent riflemen that they were some years ago. When the battle of Majuba Hill was fought

in 1880 the Boers were victorious in a conflict against six hundred

English soldiers, when their own soldiers numbered only one hundred and fifty. In the Jameson raid, however, fewer than thirty

men were killed, and this small number is said to have been the result of a general deterioration on the part of the Boers in the use of the rifle. Many have supposed, therefore, that the Boers

would be outmatched in markmanship, and, therefore, at a disadvantage when they came to meet the English soldier on the field.

All this speculation about the falling off in the standard of mark216 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

manship of the people of the Transvaal seems to have been entirely misleading; and now the English are reminded that within the last

year or two the Boers have been in constant practice, that they have been under the training of French artillerymen and German officers, and are constantly trained to a higher standard of markmanship than was supposed to exist among them. It is hardly

likely that the Boers will undertake the storming of the cities in which the British are shut up. That would entail a loss of men

which they cannot afford, and it is said that even should they intend to storm Ladysmith, they have no bayonets with which to make a charge.

There has been some thought that the natives would join the

British in the present war. Certainly the British would offer no

aid to such a policy as this, and have already probably informed the natives that in the absence of an attempt on the part of the

Boers to invade their lands, they are to remain neutral. News,

however, reaches us of an uprising among the natives, and an effort on their part to take sides with England. This would be somewhat

of a serious movement to the Boers. The natives in recent years

have been to some extent armed, and if they should attack the

Boers on the rear the latter would be obliged in defense of their homes and families to withdraw a considerable portion of their army to defend the frontier against the negroes. On the other

side, it is not unlikely that an effort to secure the assistance of the natives would result in disaffection among the Boers of

Cape Colony, who might easily be induced to leave this British possession to join their brethren in the Transvaal.

Indeed, it is already said that numbers of farmers from the northern part of Cape Colony have already cast their lot on the side of the Boers in the present war. At this time it is not possible to determine just how many soldiers the Boers have in the

field. Only the "firstcall"men, about twentyfive thousand were

summoned. The "firstcall"men include those between the ages

of eighteen and thirtyfive. It is said, however, that five thousand

of the secondcalled men have joined the army of the Boers without a summons, and that about ten thousand from Natal and other provinces have enlisted, so that the entire army must now aggregate somewhere in the neighborhood of forty thousand men. EngSOUTH AFRICAN WAR. 217

land expects to put eighty thousand men in the field, and at present it is doubtful whether the Boers will be able to resist this with a greater force than fifty thousand. The country, however, is mountainous and the Boers must act largely on the defense; and if they

maintain a stubborn resistance, the war is likely to result in a terrible loss of life and treasure.

WHY DON'T YOU LAUGH?

Why don't you laugh, young man, when troubles come,

Instead of sitting 'round so sour and glum?

You cannot have all play, And sunshine every day;

When troubles come, I say, why don't you laugh?

Why don't you laugh? 'Twill ever help to soothe

The aches and pains. No road of life is smooth;

There's many an unseen hump, And manv a hidden stump Why don't you laugh? O'er which you'll have to jump.

Why don't you laugh? Don't let your spirits wilt;

Don't sit and cry because the milk you've spilt;

If you would mend it now, Pray let me tell you how:

Just milk another cow! Why don't you laugh?

Why don't you laugh, and make us all laugh, too,

And keep us mortals all from getting blue?

win; always will laugh A grin—just laugh, If you can't

Why don't you laugh? Come onlet's all join in!—Independent.

THE LIFE AND LABORS OF SIDNEY RIGDON.

BY JOHN JAQUES, ASSISTANT CHURCH HISTORIAN.

II.

On Sunday morning, January 3, 1836, "President Sidney Rigdon delivered a fine discourse on revelation."

In a council at Kirtland, on the 13th, under the hands of

Joseph Smith, Sidney Rigdon, and Hyrum Smith, several brethren were ordained to the High Priesthood and to be counselors in that stake of Zion. Also Joseph, Sidney, W. W. Phelps, David Whitmer

and Hyrum Smith were appointed to draft rules and regulations to govern the house of the Lord, which was done accordingly, and in a council on the 15th the rules were unanimously accepted. President Rigdon, on his request, was administered to for a severe

111 trUbled ***'mSt at nigH probably neurtlTa 0l the 1 th Sidney and others 'JSeph attended a council of? \ ti,the Tiwe ye, where some unpleasantness'caused by harsh expressions

was mollified, and the brethren covenanted to be more regardful of each other's feelings, Joseph stating that he did not countenance harsh language, neither in himself nor any other man.

The next day, Sunday, an excellent meeting was held, the brethren confessing their faults to each other.

At meetings on the 21st and 22nd, at which the Presidency and others were present, the ordinance of anointing with oil and of blessing was attended to, many glorious visions were beheld, and the ministration of angels was enjoyed. On the 28th and 30th

LIFE AND LABORS OF SIDNEY RIGDON. 219

the several quorums of the authorities of The Church met and were set in order. The holy anointing was further attended to and more

angelic visions were beheld. A similar meeting was held on the 1st

of February.

The next day, in the school house, President Rigdon delivered an animated discourse, chiefly on the scattering and gathering of

Israel and "the Spirit bore record that the Lord was well pleased.

During the same month a number of other meetings and councils were held at which more visions were seen by some of the brethren.

About this time, Joseph, Sidney, and other brethren were engaged in learning Hebrew, under the teaching of Professor Seixas.

On the 25th, President Rigdon's wife was very sick, but after being administered to by Joseph and other brethren she began to recover.. >

On the 3rd of March, the Presidency and several quorums met to consider certain resolutions concerning licenses, at which time my motto; and one Joseph said, "Equal rights and privileges, is

all men well; and that as if he behaves as another, is as good man official of an distinctions regard to alike, without esteemed be should

nature."Joseph was nominated as chairman of conference to sign

licenses and Sidney as chairman pro tern.

On'tne 13th, the Presidency and Twelve decided that they move to Zion (Western Missonri) on or before May 15th, if the way was dney preached a fine discourse at the fnneral of PenCttT8th"

S SUSan Onthe lrning of the 27th, in solemn assembly, at the dediand dosed opened Rigdon President Temple, of theTirtland cation other among hours half a and two preached and also oraver hv of d.vers.ty and parties and sects conflicting that thingslowing when obtam would ever and had obtained ever reSutsentiment

took offering the first prayer, an angel entered the window, fat betwen Father Smith and President Williams, and remamed vision, glorious Many prayer. the during Sre aeo tne ottered angels. with Hewere filled was temple said the Tnsenh the upon rested of fire, pillar a like light, bright A p-yer. clry

220 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

temple, and the people in the neighborhood "were astonished at what was transpiring."

On the 29th, Joseph, F. G. Williams, Sidney, Hyrum Smith, and

Oliver Cowdery met in the most holy place in the Lord's house, and sought for revelation concerning going west. During the meeting,

Sidney washed the feet of Joseph Smith, Jr., and his father, also

of Hyrum Smith. Joseph washed Sidney's feet, and Hyrum washed

David Whitmer's and Oliver Cowdery's. The feet of many other

brethren were washed also, on that day and the next.

On the 31st, the temple services were repeated.

In a Council meeting, April 2, Sidney Rigdon and F. G. Williams were appointed a committe to devise means to discharge the

debts of the printing company.

On May 27th, Joseph Smith's grand mother, Mary Smith, died.

Sidney Rigdon delivered the address at her funeral.

Presidents F. G. Williams and Sidney Rigdon, June 16, presided in a High Council meeting at the trial of Preserved Harris

and Isaac McWithy.

On the 25th of July, Joseph, Sidney, Oliver Cowdery, F. G.

Williams and Hyrum Smith wrote to W. W. Phelps and others, in

Missouri, advising them not to be the first aggressors, but to'be wise and prudent, to preserve peace with all, and to stand by the constitution. Also one to John Thornton and others, of Liberty,

Clay County, concerning the Missouri troubles.

The same afternoon, Joseph, Sidney, Hyrum Smith, and Oliver

Cowdery left Kirtland and in the evening took steamer at Fairport, arriving at Buffalo, N. Y., next evening. Thence they took a line

boat for Utica, arriving there on the morning of the 29th, then took rail for Schenectady, on the first passenger car on the new road, being six hours traveling eighty miles, and by rail also to

Albany, arriving the same evening. There, next day, they went on

the steamer Erie, which had a race with the steamer Rochester, the

Erie arriving at New York a few hours ahead. Thence by steamer

to Providence, and from there to Boston by rail, arriving at Salem,

Mass., early in August. There they hired a house and engaged in

preaching and teaching, returning to Kirtland in September.

A conference in the house of the Lord, December 22, was attended by the First Presidency and other authorities of The

LIFE AND LABORS OF SIDNEY RIGDON. 221

Church. The subject of the emigration of the poor to Zion, and

their settlement there, from the churches abroad, was considered and motions were passed accordingly.

On the 2nd of January, 1837, Sidney Rigdon was chairman at a special meeting of the "Kirtland Safety Society,"when the old constitution, adopted November 2, 1836, was annulled and a "preamble and articles of agreement"were adopted of the "Kirtland

Safety Society AntiBanking Company."

During the winter, many well attended meetings were held by the different quorums in the house of the Lord. The Kirtland

high school was taught in the attic story.

"On the 1st of February, the firm of 0. Cowdery & Co., was

dissolved by mutual consent, and the entire establishment was transferred to Joseph Smith, Jr., and Sidney Rigdon, Warren 0. Cowdery

to act as agent in the printing officeand bookbindery and as editor of the Messenger and Advocate.

Preparatory meetings, with washings and anointings, having membeen had on April 3, 4, and 5, a solemn assembly of official bers of The Church was held in the Lord's house, Kirtland, at which

Presidents Joseph and Hyrum Smith, Sidney Rigdon and Oliver

Cowdery addressed the assembly.

In May, the Messenger and Advocate office and contents were transferred to Wm. Marks, of Portage. Presidents Smith and

Rigdon continued the office by power of attorney

About this time a spirit of speculation crept into the quorums. Heber set apart Presidency First the June, 1st of the or about On the and on to England, mission a to Hyde Orson and Kimball C WUla and Sidney Rigd0B SfSnWft S6t

t0 "tPresidents Joseph Smith, Sidney Rigdon and T. B. Painsat stopped was Joseph but for Canada, Kirtland left Marsh day Next Kirtland. to returned all so lawsuits, malicious by e Buffalo, for steamer by thence Ashtabula, for again started Ihev Kirtto of August last the returning and STToronto,

land Smith September Kirtland, at held a conference At an W ill.m Rigdon Sidney and as president presented 3, F.Joseph was Presidents First the constitute to three the counselors, as his

222 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

The Church. F. G. Williams was not sustained. Other officers were

presented and sustained.

On the 10th, in an assembly in the Lord's house, Kirtland,

President Rigdon read the rules and regulations of the house of the Lord, as passed January 18, 1836, which were received. Some

misunderstandings and incorrect reports were corrected.

September 17, at a conference in the house of the Lord,

Kirtland, it was voted that Joseph and Sidney "go and appoint other stakes, or places of gathering."On the 27th, Joseph and

Sidney accompanied by William Smith and Vinson Knight, started on that mission, arriving at Terre Haute, Indiana, October 12, and at Far West, Missouri, in the latter part of October, or early in

November, and attending a meeting in that place on November 6.

Next day at a general assembly or conference, President Rigdon introduced the business. Joseph Smith was accepted as president, and Sidney Rigdon as one of his counselors. F. G. Williams

was objected to and rejected, and Hyrum Smith was chosen as counselor in place of Williams. President Rigdon and congregation called on the Lord to dedicate the land for the gathering of

the Saints and for their inheritances.

President Rigdon attended a general meeting at Far West on the 10th, when the subjects of laying off cities, consecrating for public purposes, and the prospectus of the Elders'Journal, were considered. It was also voted that the city of Far West be enlarged to contain four square sections, or two miles square.

In November, Joseph left Far West for Kirtland, arriving there on or about December 10. Sidney was probably with him.

"On the 22nd of December,"says Joseph, "Brigham Young left

Kirtland in consequence of the fury of the mob, the spirit that prevailed in the apostates who had threatened to destroy him, because he would proclaim publicly and privately that he knew by the power of the Holy Ghost that I was a prophet of the Most High God, that

I had not transgressed and fallen as the apostates declared.

"Apostacy, persecution, confusion and mobocracy strove hard to bear rule at Kirtland, and thus closed the year 1837."

Joseph continues: "A new year dawned upon the Church in

Kirtland in all the bitterness of the spirit of apostate mobocracy;

which continued to rage and grow hotter and hotter, until Elder

LIFE AND LABORS OF SIDNEY RIGDON 223

Rigdon and myself were obliged to flee from its deadly influence, as did the apostles and prophets of old, and as Jesus said, 'when they persecute you in one city, flee to another.'And on the evening of the 12th of January, about 10 o'clock, we left Kirtland on

horseback, to escape mob violence, which was about to burst upon us under the color of legal process to cover their hellish designs, and save themselves from the just judgment of the law. We concontinued our travels during the night, and at 8 o'clock on the

morning of the 13th, arrived among the brethren in Norton township, Medina county, Ohio, a distance of sixty miles from Kirtland, where we tarried about thirtysix hours, when our families arrived, and on the 16th pursued our journey with our families, in covered wagons, toward the city of Far West, in Missouri, passing through

Dayton, Eaton, etc., to Dublin, Indiana, where we tarried nine days

and refreshed ourselves.

. "The weather was extremely cold, and we were obliged to

secret ourselves in our wagons, sometimes to elude the grasp of our pursuers, who continued their race more than two hundred miles from Kirtland, armed with pistols, etc., seeking our lives. They

frequently crossed our track, twice they were in the houses where we stopped,once we tarried all night in the same house with therewith only a partition between us and them; and heard their oaths and imprecations and threats concerning us, if they could catch us; and late in

the evening they came in our room and examined us, but decided we were not the men. At other times we passed them in the streets,

and gazed upon them, and they on us, but they knew us not. One

Lyons was one of our pursuers."

At Dublin, Indiana, Joseph and Sidney separated, meeting again at Terre Haute. After resting, they again separated, and

continued their journey.

Joseph crossed the Mississippi river at Quincy, Illinois, and arrived at Far West, March 14, being met a hundred and twenty miles on the way by brethren with teams and money and received at Far West with open arms, warm hearts, and great hospitality.

Sidney was detained near Paris, Illinois, by sickness in his family, and afterwards at Huntsville, through his wife's ill health. Brigham Young, Daniel S. Miles., and Levi Richards arrived with Joseph

at Far West; Sidney and family reached there April 4, having

224 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

had a tedious journey,and his family having suffered many afflictions."

Joseph and Sidney presided at a meeting in Far West, April 6, "to celebrate the anniversary of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints,"etc. Various officers were appointed.

On the 7th and 8th of April the general authorities of The

Church held the first quarterly conference of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints, at Far West, which was attended by

Presidents Smith and Rigdon.

Early in April, Joseph and Sidney wrote a letter to John Whitmer in consequence of his withholding the records of The Church in the city of Far West, asking him to give up his notes of Church history.

A revelation was given, April 26, through Joseph to the

First Presidency and all the officers and members of The Church* concerning Zion and the building of a house of the Lord at Far

West, and directing the First Presidency not to get into debt any more for the building of a house to His name, also concerning the appointing and building up of other stakes around there.

On the 28th, Presidents Smith and Rigdon attended the High

Council by invitation, and acted as counselors in an appeal case from the branch near Gymon's mill.

For several days the first Presidency were largely engaged in writing Church history, and on May 5th, in writing for the Elders'

Journal.

On the 10th, President Rigdon, although suffering from a severe cold and hoarseness, delivered an address at the school house, elucidating the policy of both the Federal and Democratic parties, by which address Joseph said, "I was highly edified."

On the 12th, Presidents Joseph Smith and Sidney Rigdon attended a meeting of the High Council, concerning their pecuniary affairs, they being very poor. The Council made over to Joseph and

Sidney each an eightyacre lot, and also appointed a committee Of three, who agreed that Joseph and Sidney should receive a just remuneration for their services for the year in the printing estab.

lishment, and in translating ancient records, etc.

On the 13th, Sidney preached the funeral sermon of Swain

Williams, son of F. G. Williams, and on the next day was preparing

and correcting matter for the press.

LIFE AND LABORS OF SIDNEY RIGDON. 225

On the 18th, Joseph, Sidney and others left Far West to visit the north country and lay off a stake of Zion, making locations and laying off claims for the gathering of the Saints, the benefit of the poor, etc. They traveled to the mouth of Honey Creek, camping

there for the night.

On the 19th, they crossed Grand River, at the mouth of Honey

Creek and Nelson's Ferry, then went eighteen miles up Grand River to Lyman Wight's, at the foot of Tower Hill, so named by Joseph because they found there the remains of an old Nephite altar or tower. There they camped. Then Joseph and Sidney went up the

river to Wight's. Ferry, which the brethren called Spring Hill, but,

said Joseph, "by the mouth of the Lord it was named Adamondi- ahman, because,"said he, "it is the place where Adam shall come to visit his people, or the Ancient of days shall sit, as spoken of by

Daniel the prophet."

On the evening of Sunday, 20th, they went six miles north and camped. On the 21st, they made some locations, and returned

to Robinson's Grove, two miles, to secure some land near Grand

River. In council they voted to secure the land between there

and Far West, especially on Grand River.

On the 22nd, President Rigdon went east with a company and selected some of the best locations in the country. Next day all

traveled east locating lands on Grove Creek and near Adamondi- ahman. Joseph and Sidney went to Col. Wight's toward evening.

On the 24th, Sidney and company went to Grove Creek to finish surveying, returning on the 28th to Far West. The company

kept surveying, making locations, also building houses, etc., for

several days.

A conference was held near Lyman Wight's, Adamondi-ahman, on the 28th, and that stake was organized, with John Smith as president, and Reynolds Cahoon and Lyman Wight as counselors.

Adamondi-ahman is beautifully situated, immediately on the north side of Grand River, Daviess County, Missouri, about twentyfive miles north of Far West.

On the 4th of July, at Far West, there was a fine celebration, with a grand procession. The corner stones of the temple were

laid, with much rejoicing, after which an oration was delivered by

President Rigdon.

226 IMPROVEMENT ERA

On the 9th, at a conference of the Twelve Apostles, at Far

West, President Rigdon gave some counsel concerning provision necessary to be made for the families of the Twelve while laboring away, and advising them to instruct their converts to move promptly to the places of gathering, and strictly attend to the law of God.

On the 10th, Joseph, Sidney, Hyrum, and G. W. Robinson visited

Adamondi-ahman.

In the latter part of this month, Judge Morin, of Mill Port, informed some brethren that the mob had determined to prevent the "Mormons"from voting at the election on August 6, and thereby elect Colonel William P. Peniston, who led the mob in Clay

County. Judge Morin advised the brethren to go prepared for an

attack, and stand by their rights. But the brethren hoped better

things and paid little heed to his friendly counsel.

On the 26th, the First Presidency, the bishop's court and others held a meeting at Far West, when various financial matters were considered and arranged.

Joseph and Sidney left Far West on the 28th for Adamondi- ahman to settle some Canadian brethren, returning on the 30th.

On the 5th of August, Elder Erastus Snow and President Rigdon preached. Several were confirmed, among them F. G. Williams,

he having been rebaptized.

On the 6th, the citizens of Caldwell County, assembled at Far

West, unanimously recommended Sidney Rigdon for postmaster of that place, W. W. Phelps having resigned.

The citizens of Far West met and unanimously agreed to have a weekly newspaper, Sidney Rigdon to be the editor. It was also

voted that a petition be circulated to locate the county seat at Far

West. Joseph, Sidney and Hyrum advocated the measure and urged

on the brethren to build and live in cities and carry on their farms outside, according to the order of God.

This was the day of election. Toward midday, William B.

Peniston mounted a barrel, harangued the electors, exciting them against the "Mormons,"who, he said, were horsethieves, liars, counterfeits, etc., boasting that he headed the mob to drive them

out of Clay County and "would not prevent them being mobbed now."Soon quarreling, fighting and mobbing commenced. The

county authorities said it was a premeditated thing to prevent the

LIFE AND LABORS OF SIDNEY RIGDON. 227

"Mormons"from voting. The mob collected with guns, knives, etc.

The brethren of Far West hid their wives and children in a hazel bush thicket, and stood sentry over them during the night in the rain.

On the 7th, reports came that two or three of the brethren had been killed at Gallatin, and others prevented from voting, and that a majarity of the Daviess County people were determined to drive the Saints from the county. Joseph, Sidney, Hyrum Smith

and fifteen or twenty others started for Gallatin, to assist the brethren there, reaching Colonel Wight's that night, and learned that none of the brethren had been killed, but several were badly wounded.

On the 8th, several citizens of Mill Port called, and it was agreed to have a meeting next day with some of the principal men of the county at Adamondi-ahman, at which a peaceable agreement was come to between the two parties. Joseph and his companions

returned to Far West that night, 9th.

On the morning of the 11th, Joseph and council and Almon W.

Babbit left Far West to visit the brethren on the Forks of Grand

River, who had come from Canada with Elder Babbit and had settled there, contrary to counsel. Joseph and council returned to

Far West on the 13th, and were chased ten or twelve miles by evidesigning men, but eluded their grasp. When eight miles from

home, Joseph and council were met by some brethren who said a writ had been issued by Judge King for his arrest and that of

Lyman Wight, for attempting to defend their rights. The spirit of

mobocracy continued to stalk abroad, notwithstanding all treaties of peace.

On the 1st of September, the First Presidency, with Judge

Higbee as surveyor, went north fourteen or fifteen miles, and appointed a place for a city, and the brethren were instructed to gather immediately into it. The presidency returned to Far West by

evening.

There was great excitement at this time among the Missourians. All of upper Missouri was in uproar and confusion. The mob

was collecting all around, saying they meant to drive the "Mormons"from Daviess County, as had been done from Jackson County.

On the 2nd, Joseph sent for General Atichison, of Liberty, 228 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Clay County, to see if he could not put a stop to the collection of people and to hostilities in Daviess County. The General arrived at

Far West the next day.

On the 4th, General Atchison was consulted with, who said he would do all in his power to disperse the mob. Generals

Atchison and Doniphan (partners) were engaged as lawyers and counselorsat-law, to defend the brethren. The same day Joseph

and Sidney commenced the study of law under the instruction of

Generals Atchison and Doniphan.

The result of the council with Generals Atchison and Doniphan was that Joseph and Colonel Wight volunteer to be tried by Judge

King. Accordingly on the 7th, the trial commenced, William P.

Peniston, the mobocrat being the prosecutor. The result, although

there was no proof of crime, was that Joseph and Colonel Wight were held in fivehundred-dollar bonds.

On the 2nd of October, Joseph, Sidney, Hyrum, Isaac Morley, and G. W. Robinson met the camp of emigrants about five hundred

eight hundred and eightysix miles the miles from Kirtland—about

escorted them into Far West. Presidentway they traveled—and

Rigdon provided supper for the sick. Other brethren provided for

the rest.

On the 3rd, Joseph, Sidney, Hyrum, and Brigham Young went with the emigrants a mile or two and then returned to Far West.

On the 24th, Thomas B. Marsh, formerly President of the

Twelve, having apostatized since the conference, went to Richmond, and made affidavit before Henry Jacobs, justice of the peace, to vile calumnies, lies and slanders against Joseph and the Church.

On the 31st, Colonel Hinkle, commanding the Caldwell Militia,

Far West, made an unauthorized agreement with the State Militia, or rather mob leaders, to give up the Church leaders to be tried and punished. Colonel Hinkle and the officers of the governor's

troops then waited upon Joseph Smith, and invited him to go into the camp for an interview; accordingly Joseph, hoping to settle

the difficulties without the enforcing of Governor Boggs'exterminating order, accompanied by Sidney, P. P. Pratt, Lyman Wight,

and George W. Robinson, went into the camp, when they were taken

as prisoners of war, and treated with contempt, insult, taunts and sneers, and in the evening had to lie on the cold ground.

LIFE AND LABORS OF SIDNEY RIGDON. 229

On the first of November, Hyrum Smith and Amasa Lyman were brought prisoners into camp, a court martial was held, and the prisoners were sentenced to be shot the next morning on the public square as an ensample to the "Mormons."General Doniphan said

he would have nothing to do with such coldblooded murder, and he would withdraw his forces. General Atchison withdrew when Governor Bogs exterminating order was received.

The militia then went into Far West, abused the inhabitants, and plundered their houses at pleasure. Eighty more men were

taken prisoners, the remainder being ordered to leave and disperse on pain of death.

On the 2nd, the martial law sentence not having been carried out,

Joseph, Sidney, Hyrum, P. P. Pratt, Amasa Lyman, and George W.

Robinson were taken from Far West, by the governor's troops, on the way to Independence, arriving there on Sunday, 4th.

On the 6th, fiftysix more brethren were also made prisoners by

General Clark at Far West, and started off for Richmond next day.

On the 8th, Joseph, Sidney and the prisoners at Independence were started off for Richmond, arriving there on the 9th, where they were handcuffed and chained two together. While there in

charge of Colonel Price, all manner of abuse was heaped upon them.

On the 13th, Joseph, Sidney, and a number of others were placed at the bar of the court, Austin A. King, a Methodist, presiding as judge,

The examination continued till Saturday, 24th,when several were acquitted. The remaining prisoners were released or bailed on the 18th.

except Joseph Smith, Sidney Rigdon, Lyman Wight, Caleb Baldwin,

Hyrum Smith, and Alexander McRae, who were held on the charge of treason and murder. Also P. P. Pratt and some others were

sent to Richmond jail on similar charges. Those who were to go

to Liberty jail were taken there about the end of the month, where they were closely confined and all personal communication with friends was cut off.

About this time, W. G. McClellan, Burr Riggs, and others,

plundered the houses of Sidney Rigdon and other brethren under pretense or color of law, or order from General Clark.

Said Joseph: "Thus, in a land of liberty, in the town of Liberty,

Clay County, Missouri, I and my fellow prisoners, in chains, dungeons and jail, saw the close of 1838."

a

EDITOR'S TABLE.

DEATH OF PRESIDENT FRANKLIN DEWEY RICHARDS.

Just fourteen minutes after midnight, on the morning of

December 9, 1899, Apostle Franklin Dewey Richards, President of the quorum of Twelve Apostles of The Church, died at his home in

Ogden. He was born at Richmond, Massachusetts, April 2, 1821, and

was the son of Phineas and Wealthy Richards. He was baptized by

his father, in 1836, was ordained a seventy in 1839, an apostle in 1849, and became president of the quorum of Twelve Apostles when

Apostle Lorenzo Snow was chosen President of The Church, in 1898.

He was buried in the Ogden Cemetery, his funeral being attended by

President Snow, the Twelve, and large concourses of people.

He filled many missions at home and in foreign lands, and his name is familiar to the Saints in all the world. It may truly be

said that he served the people all his days, and that, too, in both a religious and a civil capacity. He held the important office of probate judge in Weber County from 1869 to 1883. Among his other

labors he was historian of The Church, and in this capacity did much to preserve valuable data, civil and ecclesiastical. He was

also the president of the State Historical Society.

He was among the first to recognize the value of mutual improvement among the young people, and established and presided over a successful association in Ogden two years before the general movement was inaugurated forming these associations in 1875He was ever after interested in them, and was a dear friend to the youth of Zion.

He was an ideal Latterday Saint. Kind, fatherly, loving—

man who won the respect and confidence of all who knew him.

EDITOR'S TABLE. 231

When he spoke, all listened as to one who would utter only that which was good, and which would grieve none. He was thoroughly

in accord with the spirit of Joseph Smith, his very being vibrating with the testimony of the prophet's divine mission.

One of the sweet traits of Brother Franklin's character was the exemplification in his life of the saying of Job: "Though he

slay me, yet will I trust in him."He bowed always to the will of

God, and endured much, but by such humility and endurance set an example that has strengthened others to bear more joyfully their burdens of life, and to yield instead of breaking into pieces. He

was for Zion, true and faithful under all circumstances, and was one of the noblemen of the human race. If such as he are not exalted in the presence of the Lord, who then on earth will ever gain

a glory? Thousands will remember his fatherly advice, his interested friendship, his kind words, his respect for authority and his

deference for the servants of the Lord; and so remembering, will be

better, and happier, and more charitable and loving, because Brother

Franklin lived.

The Church will greatly miss him, and in every home in Zion is dearly there will be felt an indescribable loss, as when one who loved has said his last good night. His example will shine out like

all exclaim: "You may count me a beacon light, and well may we

with him. I wish to be with him, to associate with such as he, in

the Kingdom of God throughout the ages of eternity."His memory,

his character, his works, will be an inspiration to the living of noble lives by all who learn of him or knew him.

AN AMERICAN PORT IN CHINA.

Those who have studied the Philippine question and the problem of expansion from a commercial point of view, have realized that the question of our possessions in the Philippines was but a preliminary step to something further. The war with Spam led to

political conquest, and that political conquest will lead us into commercial struggles. Commercial interests are very likely to drive

232 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

us onward just as they have driven Germany, Russia, and other nations into an aggressive foreign policy, and the question now forces itself upon us, Do we also want a port in China?

That country promises to be one of the greatest markets in the world, and about it are centered today the greatest commercial struggles of Europe. Russia has a port in China, and so have

France, England and Germany, yet the commerce of France, Germany, or Russia in the Chinese Empire is not equal to that of the

United States.

In 1893, our trade in China amounted to eight million dollars, chiefly from cotton and woolen goods. Within six years it has

grown to twenty million dollars, and this seems to be but a small beginning of American commerce in the Celestial Empire.

Many advocates of expansion in the Philippines have had constantly in view its bearing on our Chinese trade. As neighbors to

China, we shall feel that we are entitled to the highest commercial considerations.

From what has been said, the far reaching consequences of the step which the administration has just taken can be readily understood. Our embassadors are instructed to obtain from Russia,

France and Germany written assurances that our trade shall not be interfered with by any policy of annexation which may be followed by any of these nations. We shall stand shoulder to shoulder with

England in demanding an open door, and the commercial interests of these two great AngloSaxon nations will demand from all other

European countries adequate protection for their trade. One is

naturally led to wonder whether the United States, when order and government are established in the Philippines, will not take the first opportunity to secure a port in China. At any rate, it is evident

that no important changes can be made in that country without taking into consideration the interests of this country in that empire.

Russia and Germany have all given assurances of their intention to open the ports under their jurisdiction free to all foreign trade. Russia has taken great pains to assure the American people

that there is a friendly feeling and interest in that country for the

United States and that her ports are open to trade, and if the

American people desire a "sphere of influence"it can be had in

EDITORS TABLE. 233

Manchuria. This Chinese province is directly under Russian control. France has made no reply.

Strong hopes are now entertained that the Pacific will increase immensely in commerce with Asiatic countries, and there can be little doubt that the government will do everything in its power to promote American trade among our neighbors in the Orient.

A QUESTION ON TITHING.

A friend residing in Dingle, Bear Lake County, asks a question on tithing, and requests a reply through the Era. His inquiry

reads: "Do people who are engaged in cattle and sheep raising, and who pay a tithing on their cattle or sheep, owe a tithing on the hay said cattle and sheep eat?"

The answer is, "Yes; provided the hay is not purchased."The

law of tithing is very plain: First, the Lord requires all the surplus property to be put into the hands of the bishop of The Church;

my people; and "and this shall be the beginning of the tithing of

after that, those who have thus been tithed, shall pay onetenth of their interest annually, and this shall be a standing law unto them forever, for my holy priesthood, saith the Lord."

What is the tithing on the interest of the field? Onetenth of

the hay, or grain, or vegetable product.

What is the tithing on the interest of the cattle? Every tenth

calf, every tenth pound of butter or cheese, and every tenth gallon of milk....,

In paying tithing, the point to remember is that all interest increase and profit, should be tithed; and, further, the payment of

tithing is a dealing with the Lord unto whom we owe it to be as liberal as*he is with us, or in other words, to deal as liberally with the Lord as we hope that he will deal with us.

NOTES.

Irresolute people let their soup grow cold between the plate and the mouth. Cervantes.

"Tis never offered twice; seize, then, the hour

When fortune smiles, and duty points the way."

Those love truth best who to themselves are true,

And what they dare to dream of, dare to do. Lowell.

The high prize of life, the crowning fortune of a man, is to be born with a bias to some pursuit, which finds him in employment and happiness. Emerson.

There are few things more beautiful than the calm, resolute progress of an earnest spirit. The triumphs of genius may be more dazzling; the

chances of good fortune may be more exciting; but neither are at all so

interesting or so worthy as the achievements of a faithful, steady and fervent energy. Dr. Tullock.

The true key to happiness in this life, is to make others happy.

Many people are discontented because they look around and find others whose circumstances seem to be more favorable than their own. President Snow counseled the Saints, at the April conference, in 1899, to try

to make others happy, and if they were in adverse circumstances, then to try to find some one whose condition was worse than their own. He

asserted that pride is an abomination in the sight of the Lord. It is

pride that would cause us to desire a better position than our fellows, but the Spirit of God will fill us with gratitude and thanksgiving, whenever we contemplate the many blessings which are bestowed upon us by our Heavenly Father. A knowledge of the Gospel is of more value to

us, provided we shall be faithful in keeping the commandments of God, than all other blessings.

IN LIGHTER MOOD.

Employer: "You put that note where it will be sure to attract Mr.

Smith's attention when he comes in, didn't you?"

Office Boy: "Yes, sir; I stuck a pin through it and put it on his

chair.""How is this, John; what made you put the children to bed so soon?"

asked his wife, on her return home.

"Because they disturbed me in my writing, my dear."

"And did they allow you to undress them quietly?"

"No, that one in the corner screamed dreadfully."

"That one in the corner?"She goes and peeps. "Why, bless me,

what have you done, John? That's Freddie Squall, from next door!"

A little boy with an interest in the meaning of familiar words, said to his mother:

"What is the meaning of 'civil?'

"Kind and polite,"answered the mother.

A puzzled look brooded for a second on the boy's face. Then he said:

"Was it a kind and polite war that was in this country once?"

Herr Scheel tells of a conscientious cornet player in one of his orchestras who gave an unexpected rendering of a wellknown passage.

"Let's have that over again,"requested Scheel, surprised at hearing a note which was not in the score.

The note was sounded again and again. "What are you playing?

.. last. at he asked blaz what am on ze paper,"said the cornet player. <<TI Maying "I am

vat is before me."

"Let me have a look."

The part was handed to the conductor. "Why, you idiot, he roared,

"can't you see that this is a dead fly?"

"I don't care,"was the answer; "he vas there, and I blayed him.

OUR WORK.

ANSWERS TO MANUAL QUESTIONS.

A friend in Nephi, Utah, asks: "Question 17, Lesson 5, Manual for

18991900, reads: 'In authority what quorum stands next highest to the

Twelve?'Should this be answered as above or below the Twelve?"

The answer suggests itself, the moment question 18 is read: "Next

lower?"It is evident from this that question 17 means: "What quorom

is Higher than the Twelve?"The order of the first three quorums of

The Church is as follows: First Presidency, the Twelve Apostles, the

Seventies. It is generally understood that the First Seven Presidents of

Seventies with the senior president of the first sixtyfour quorums of seventies, form the Quorum of Seventy, who, being unanimous, are equal in authority to the quorum of Twelve Apostles, or the First Presidency.

We have been asked to answer question 18, lesson 6, in this season's

Manual: What is that sealed part (of the Book of Mormon) said to have

contained? The following quotation from II Nephi 28: 10, 11, is a complete answer:

"But the words which are sealed he shall not deliver, neither shall he deliver the book. For the book shall be sealed by the power of God,

and the revelation which was sealed shall be kept back in the book until the own due time of the Lord, that they may come forth: for behold,

they reveal all things from the foundation of the world unto the end thereof. "And the day cometh that the words of the book which are sealed shall be read upon the house tops; and they shall be read by the power

of Christ: and all things shall be revealed unto the children of men

which ever have been among the children of men, and which ever will be, even unto the end of the earth."

We have also been asked to explain question 8, lesson 5: "Until

what time is this Priesthood to remain on the earth?"The intention of

the question is evidently to draw out the statement of John the Baptist

OUR WORK. 237

that this Priesthood "shall never be taken again from the earth until the sons of Levi do offer again an offering unto the Lord in righteousness."But the natural inquiry on rendering this answer, is: When the

sons of Levi do offer such an offering, will this Priesthood then be taken away?

A number of explanations have been offered, some of which we give in order to show the variety of opinions:

1. Righteousness can not come by the law, therefore the sons of

Levi can not under old conditions offer an offering unto the Lord in righteousness; hence the statement of the heavenly messenger is equivalent to saying that this Priesthood will never be taken from the earth.

This, however, does not make it much clearer, because the time may come when, under new conditions, under a Gospel dispensation, the sons of

Levi shall offer an offering unto the Lord in righteousness. If such a

time may come, the query still stands unanswered.

2. The words of Oliver Cowdery are quoted as the proper explanation: "He said, 'Upon you my fellow servants, in the name of Messiah, I

confer this Priesthood and this authority, which shall remain upon earth, that the sons of Levi may yet offer an offering unto the Lord in righteousness.'"(Pearl of Great Price, p. 71; also note 2, Lesson 5,

Manual 18991900.) This would seem to answer the question except for

the fact that Brother Cowdery's rendition is not the authorized version of the words of John the Baptist. If Oliver was right, why not have

the correct rendering in Section 13 of the Doctrine and Covenants?

The inference that the word "until"conveys the idea that the

Priesthood shall not remain after the sons of Levi make their offering in righteousness, is erroneous. Evidently John the Baptist only intended to

give absolute assurance to the Saints, or to those who might become

Saints that the Priesthood would remain upon the earth for a sufficiently long period to accomplish all they could desire in righteousness, without intending to leave the impression that after that time it was to disappear The Priesthood is to remain forever.

4 The Priesthood of Aaron, conferred on Aaron and his sons, will be taken away and the Priesthood of Elias take its place, as before the

Mosaic law.,.

5 The Aaronic Priesthood will not remain forever. The time

must come when every son and daughter of Adam that will and can be saved shall have been saved, when repentance and baptism, and the temporal duties now devolving upon us will no longer be necessary, when all the functions and duties exercised in the Priesthood will be in that higher division of God's authority which we are taught to call the

Melchizedek Priesthood. When this time comes, although the same

238 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Priesthood (that is, authority or agency delegated by God to man) will exist, there will be no need of the particular functions in which it is now exercised, and therefore will not be exercised on this earth when it has reached its state of celestial perfection. We may, therefore, practically say that it will be taken away, being an appendage to the Melchizedek Priesthood necessary for the temporal and imperfect conditions

under which we now dwell. With Paul, we may conclude that when

that which is perfect is come, that which is in part will be done away.

Whichever of these is right, if any, matters little. We incline to

the last named view, because when the sons of Levi do offer again an offering in righteousness to the Lord, the time may have come when the particular functions of the Aaronic Priesthood are no longer to be performed. Some may say that if sacrifices are to be restored, this Priesthood will be needed, but it must be remembered that sacrifices were

offered in the Gospel dispensations of Adam, Enoch and Abraham, long before the lesser Priesthood was conferred upon Aaron and his sons. Be

that as it may, it matters not. It is wholly immaterial to the student

of "The Dispensation of the Fullness of Times"whether or not the Priesthood is to be taken away at the time inferred, so long as he is assured that it is to remain until the sons of Levi make an offering in righteousness. When that time comes, we will doubtless have further light

upon it. In the meantime, question 8, lesson 5, should be answered by

simply quoting the words of John the Baptist: "Until the sons of Levi

do offer again an offering unto the Lord in righteousness."

BOOK REVIEW.

A readable book, a useful addition to home literature, is "Sketches of Missionary Life,"by Edwin F. Parry, recently of the

Presidency of the European Mission. The little volume is divided

into fifteen chapters, each full of incidents and experiences which tend to awaken faith in God, while at the same time they teach valuable lessons. One good feature of the book is that it can be read

and understood by the boys and girls, who become intensely interested in the stories of the handdealings of the Lord with his servants in the missionary field. The purpose in its publication was to

supply "fresh reading matter of a wholesome character to the youth of Zion."The book well fills its mission. George Q. Cannon &

Sons Co., Salt Lake City. Price, 50c.

EVENTS OF THE MONTH.

I. A. BY THOMAS HULL, SECRETARY OF THE GENERAL BOARD OF Y. M. M.

November 20th, 1899. Smallpox is reported to have broken out in

Sanpete County. Five cases are said to exist in the town of Sterling,

and the place is quarantined. * * * General McArthur enters

Dagupan finding it deserted. General Wheaton's troops had already been

there and had withdrawn. * * * The German Emperor and

Empress arrive in England on a visit to Queen Victoria. An enthusiastic

welcome is accorded them.

21st: VicePresident Garret A. Hobart dies at his home in Pater,

son, N. J., at 8:30 o'clock this morning. President McKinley issues a

proclamation to the people of the United States announcing the death, in which the following appears:

In sorrowing testimony of the loss which has fallen upon the country, I direct that upon the day of the funeral the executive offices of the United States shall be closed, and all stations of the army and navy shall display the national flag at halfmast, and that the representatives of the United States in foreign countries shall pay appropriate tribute to the illustrious dead for a period of thirty days.

* * * General Lawton is crowding the insurgent forces very hard. Reports from the field show great hardships suffered by the

American troops on account of the rapidity of the advance. Many men

and some officers are nearly naked, their clothing having been torn to pieces getting through the jungles, and are barefooted, their shoes being literally worn off their feet.

22nd: Joseph E. Taylor is fined $150 for unlawful cohabitation.

The court asks the accused for a promise to obey the law hereafter, but he refused to commit himself as to the future.

23rd. The American forces continue to closely crowd Aguinaldo,

A and the rebellion is believed to be practically at an end. * * *

desperate battle is fought between the Boers and English at Belmont.

The British win a great victory but it is dearly bought.

240 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

29th: In a great fire in Philadelphia, by which $2,000,000 of property is destroyed, the building of the great publishing house of J. B.

Lippincott & Co., is completely ruined.

30th: By a telegram from his wife, received this morning, it is

learned that Oscar Eliason, the celebrated young Utah magician, has been shot and killed in Australia. No particulars are given.

December 3rd: The report of the postmastergeneral is made public.

It shows the total expenditures for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1899, to be $101,632,160.92, while the receipts from all sources were $95,021,-

384.17, leaving a deficit of $6,610,776.75.

4th: Congress opens in Washington. In the House of Representatives David B. Henderson, Republican, of Iowa, is elected speaker. When

the roll is called, upon reaching the name of Brigham H. Roberts, of Utah,

Representative Robt. W. Tayler, of Ohio, objects to his taking the oath

and the representative from Utah is ordered, by the speaker, to stand aside. Upon the completion of the roll call a resolution referring the

question of Roberts'admission to a committee is presented by Mr. Tayler

and by agreement goes over for one day.

5th: The House of Representatives adopts the Tayler resolution

referring the Roberts'matter to a committee for investigation. * * *

President McKinley transmits his message to Congress. The message

opens with a tribute to the memory of the late VicePresident Hobart.

Reference is then made to the unusual prosperity of the country; the

business with foreign countries; receipts and disbursements of the government. The President recommends the maintenance of the gold standard, suggests that additional powers be given to national banks, and

urges that Congress confer "the full and necessary power on the Secretary of the Treasury and impose upon him the duty to uphold the present gold standard and preserve the coins of the two metals on a parity with each other, which is the repeatedly declared policy of the United States."He

calls attention to the value of an American Merchant Marine and the necessity thereof to a proper national development. Indirectly the President

favors subsidies to increase the merchant shipping. Trusts are referred

to and Congress recommended to ascertain and assert what power it possesses to suppress unlawful and hurtful combinations. The message treats

at length upon our fereign relations; the Philippine question; the peace

with Spain; praises the volunteers; recommends liberal appropriation

for the navy, and modifications in the pension laws; refers to affairs in

Hawaii, and recommends a form of temporary government for Porto

Rico.

Swift's

Silver Leaf

Lard.

Winchester Hams.

Winchester Breakfast Bacon.

FINEST QUALITY.

MILDEST CURE.

INSIST ON ABOVE BRANDS BEING EURNISHED

ON YOUR ORDERS.

TAKE NO INrCMOW SUBSTITUTk FAST EXPRESS SERVICE* THE Item YorkSouthampton -(JET) at 10 a. m.AMERICAN Bailing WEDNESDAY

LINE Returning, Sail SATURDAYS,Same Day. calling at Chkrboubo

Philadelphia - Liverpool Sailing SATURDAYS.

Steamers of this service cany only Second

Cabin and Steerage Passengers.

THE Jim YorkRED STAR LINE flotmerp Sailing WEDNESDAYS at Noon.

BELGIUM.

One of Shortest, SWITZERLAND.

Cheapest, Best HOLLAND.

Routes to THE RHINE.

FRANCE < ITALY, i w.INTERflflTIOflilli ]UVI6ATI0]i GO, --

W. C. SPENCE, Agent, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

EITHER WILL PLEASE HER, AS BOTH THE

rentium Chocolate (Blue Label) AND.* BEST COCOA

ARE MANUFACTURED BY 9'W. H. BAKER,

198 West Broadway, NEW YORK CITY.

Quality Guaranteed. WHICH HAND?

(WHEN.WRITING TO ADVERTISERS MENTION THE ERA.

5cgwc IiNEWorld DENVER.RIO GRANDL

RAILROAD.

THE POPULAR THROUGH

CAR LINE FROM THE?<*

Northwest -TO ALL POINTS East a F. NEVINS. Genl Agcn. S. K. HOOPER. G. P A T A. SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH. DENVER, COLD

Oregon Snort Line Railroad*

UTAH, IDAHO, WYOMING, OREGON and MONTANA.

f?r>/\nTHE ONLY

To BUTTE, HELENA, PORTLAND, and the NORTH PACIFIC COAST.

Four Daily Trains between SALT LAKE CITY and OGDEN. The POPULAB LINE to all Utah Mining Districts. The Only Road to MKHCITR.

The Fastest Service to All Points East.

BUY YOUR TICKETS VIA THE -SHORT LINE "UTAH'S

FAVORITE RAILROAD.

City Ticket Office, No. 100 West Second South St., Salt Lake Cty.

S. W. ECCLES, General Traffic Manager. D. E. HURLEY, Gen. Pass, and Ticket Act

W. H. BANCROFT, VicePrest. and General Manage,.

(WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS MENTION THE ERA.)

GO flPWEBEH WAGONS STODDftKD

Tiger and Granger Hakes The old reliable. More in use

than total of other kinds.

Havana Press Drills Insure even growth, and use one third less seed and raise one third

OB SLEDS larger crops.

KING OF ALL. Beck Hav Loaders

Save time and hay. Strongest

made. Will elevate from swath,

wind row, or cocks.

60., 6oOD6rativ6 Waoon & Machine

EXCLUSIVE AGENTS IN UTAH AND IDAHO FOR ABOVE LINKS.

GEO. T. ODELL, General flanager.

We Hoixx JWake YOU DUholesale Prices On anything you want in the line of Guns, Ammunition, Fishing

Tackle, Pistols, Baseball Goods, Boxing Gloves, Athletic

Goods, Tents, in fact all kinds of Shooting, Fishing, Camping and Sporting Goods.

Our new catalogue is out and it contains the most complete line at prices It is Free to all We.also that will astonish youWHOLESALE PRICES.

have the agency for six different makes Bicycles (about eighty different kinds) and will be pleased to send catalogue of any of them and makences.

CO., BROWNING BROTHERS

2461 Washington Ave., 5 Main St.,

Ogden, Utah. Salt Lake City.

(WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS MENTION THE ERA.)

George Q.

Cannon

++++-H-++++++'H.++++++++++ & 11 and 13 riain St.

Salt Lake CitySons Co.

Have the Largest and Best Display of

Christmas Holiday Goods IN THE STHTE.

Dolls, Toys, Leather Goods, etc. Books of the old

Xmas Cards, Books of all kinds, standard authors

Novelties, Toy Books, Latest Books of the

Toilet Cases, Books for Girls, most popular livPocket Books, Books for Boys, ing authors,

Bibles and all Mormon Church Publications, in elegant bindings suitable for presents.

If you are in the city, call and During the Holidays we will% 5* {* + see our display.I STAMP NAME IN GOLP

! all Leather on Goods FREEJ J Send for our New Catalogue.+ *

ft! '? ''I''f* ''f '1 'f 'f '*t * *l * '*f '*f * ''I * 'V 'I ''I'vy 'I t'f*y 4p 'I

George Q. cannon & sons Go.

(WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS MRN1 ION THE ERA.)

CHAMPION Six -Roller Harvesters and Binders.

FARM AND FREIGHT Light FoldingReapers,

Combined Reapers and Mowers, and Draw Cut Mowers,WAGONS CONSTITUTES THE -i-y JVIost Complete Liine of JVIaehineny

Candied in the State.

Sold exclusively by the Cooperative Wagon & Machine Co., in Utah Jtff#'The Success we have experienced

in the Sale of These Machines has been and Idaho. Phenomena/.

A Celebrated Case. | The Best Wne

-OfjMfe There is only one Threshing outfit made that gives Entire STEEL PLOWS

Satisfaction.

AND

During 1897 and 1898 there were sold in Utah and Idaho HARROWS more Case outfits than all others IN THE, WORLD

.. Is Made by..

JOHN DEERE & CO., J. I. CASE T. M. CO., combined.w

Racine, Wis. MOLINE, ILL.

GOOPERATIVE GO, WACOM POTE <Xl EXCLUSIVE AGENTS IN UTAH AND IDAHO FOR ALL ABOVE LINES. |N<>

HEBER J. GRANT, President. JOSEPH F. SHITH, Vice=Prest.

Melvin D. WELLS,GEO. T. ODELL,

General Manager. Secretary and Treasurer.

(WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS MENTION THE ERA.)

< V

Agts.HEBER J. GRANT & CO.,

The Hartford North British Fire Insurance and Mercantile CO. COMPANY, INSURRNCE

(United States Branch.)

MartforcL, ConnAssets, Jan. 1, 1898, - $4,280,505

Net Surplus, over all Assets, Jan. i, 1898, - $10,898629 liabilities, - - 2,103,877

Net Surplus, over all The combined fire and life assets of the North British and Mercantile liabilities - - 4,249,725 are over $65,000,000.

German Pennsylvania

American Fire Insurance INSURKNCE CO. COWPRNY,

NEW YORK. IPrailaclelptiiaL.

Assets, Jan. 1, 1898, - $7,834,699 Assets, Jan. 1, 1898, - $5,100,286

Net Surplus, over all Net Surplus, over all liabilities, - - 3.678,999 liabilities - - 2,197,726

CO., Agts.HEBER J. GRANT &

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS MENTION THE ERA.)

VALUABLE TEXT BOOKS

-FOR-

,.. Theological Classes ot...

Sabbath Sebools

'rass ad QuorumsTHE People's THE paVoi*ite

The Great Overland Route, the Union Pacific Railroad, is a strictly "up to date"transportation line, and offers its patrons unequaled mind the service. Please bear in That /Ifoanuatefollowing undisputed facts:

by using the Union Pacific you will save many hours time to all J. The Life of Jesus.

eastern points; therefore the time 2. The Apostolic Age.

earned. to money is equal Fullsave you of the Dispensation 2. The Utah from East line only The text a Times. Being of The only ness car service. dining with

smoking line equipped with buffet book on the history of the Church

Pullman through library cars, and ordinary from J805 to J839 and containing and palace vestibuled sleeping cars, free reclining chair many choice items not generally cars with no change to Missouri accessible.

river and Chicago, and only one Price 25c each.

change to New York As the lowest rates to all points why apply via the Union Pacific not use it in preference to any Send orders to other line? Detailed information

of every kind relating to railroad and steamship transportation will THOMAS HULL, be promptly and cheerfully furnished on application to H, M. 214 Templeton Bldg.

201 No. Agent, General Clay, - UTAH. Utah. SALT LAKE CITY, Lake City, Salt Main street,

(WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS MENTION THE ERA.)

CO., MARTIN WAGNER

paokers ok Baltimore, Md..,

RT THB SIGN OF TH[ OVSTEHS, DOC'S HBKD LOOK FOR THE HIQHEIT PEFECTION IN CANNED QOOOI.

8t FRUITS DOG'S HEAD VEGETABLES.

CORN TOMATOES PEAS PINEAPPLE PEARS LIMA BEANS APPLES STRING BEANS PUMPKIN BLUE BERRIES PEACHES STRAW BERRIES OYSTERS BLACK BERRIES SWEET POTATOES.

BRAND. i The Highest Achiovement in Canned Goods. Baked EANS )

WERNICKE! BOOK CASES. LIBRARY GLOBES.

C. CO., F. WEBEH &

SCHOOL, CHURCH m OPERA HOUSE FURNITURE. -Sehool Supplies.

Telephone 480-4. B. A. McMTLLEN, Manager.

77 W. First South Street, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

TWIN

BROTHERS MUSH

Delicious. Nutritious.

j* Economical. &

THE FAVORITE BREAKFAST FOODS Speciallj adapted for Children, Aged People and Invalids.

mm. ALL GROCERS SELL IT,

(WHEN WRITING TO ADVEBTISEB8 MENTION THE ERA.)

gggggggggggggggggs THIRTY Years ago—in October 1868—ZION'S COOPERATIVE MERCANTILE INSTITUTION was organized to do a General

Merchandise Business. During each and every one of these

YEARS the Institution has observed closely the policy indicated by

Pres. Brigham Young at the time of organization, viz: to secure

good goods, and sell them as low as possible. This method

OFdividing profits with the people, by furnishing them the bestM classes of merchandise at the lowest possible figures, has proved a policy for success which will continue to control. In this

I. AGE of close competition Z. C. M. I. maintains the lead of all competitors in the west, in having the latest and choicest goods of

all kinds at the very Lowest Prices. Our Patrons, as wise

buyers, realize this.

T. G. WEBBER, Superintendent.

heatine Vv

THE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT BREAKFAST FOOD.I

Made from choicest quality white California wheat.

All the woody fibre taken off.

All the gluten retained.

FOR SALE BY ALL FIRST CLASS GROCERS.

SgJSiiySJEMiJDU SMS