Hie IMPROVEMENT

April 1952 Cooking is so much easier

with a new

automatic gas range

ClZZLING, chartype steaks perfectly And something else you'll like; autocooked under the pure, live flame of matic Gas cooking requires no watching

a smokeless Gas broiler! Beautiful or waiting so you save valuable time

featherlight cakes evenly browned in an—long aircirculated, kingsize Gas oven! Burnfor other things. It's thrifty too

ers that give triggerfast cooking heat on economy. When you go "range

from slow simmer to rolling boil. Instant shopping"check these advantages firstautomatic lighting without matches. hand, and let your Gas appliance

And whole dinners ovencooked by dealer show how easy it is to own clock control. These are features the

new automatic Gas ranges have... a brandnew, handsome Gas range

plus many more. right now.

SEE YOUR GAS APPLIANCE DEALER,

PLUMBER, CONTRACTOR OR MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. 1bSafer

p>ELGiUM produces about 320 bushels of potatoes on each acre compared with 110 for the United States. There

is only one of the nineteen countries of northern Europe that has yields of less than 160 bushels on each acre.

The production of grain in the United CHOCOLATE DROP to 18.6 bushels an acre States amounts figCOOKIES to the United Kingdomcompared

ures, Denmark 39.3, Germany 29.8 are always perfectly

the Netherlands and Belgium 37.7.

baked, perfectly "he reason is unknown as to why delicious!

the temperature in the stratosphere And they cost less is 90 F. lower over the equator than

over the poles. than homebaked

cookies of equal HP he present chemical process of makquality.

ing cortisone involves thirtyseven processes. Cortisone is useful in the

treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and other diseases.

A cellophaneprotected carton A compass which points east and of TOWN HOUSE Cookies west instead of north and south containscookies. Thatan averagemeans theof cost34

could be made if the alloy silmanal per dozen is very low indeed.

were used instead of ordinary iron.

Silmanal can be magnetized sideways instead of the usual lengthwise.

HP he Korean alphabet (On mun) invented in the fifteenth century, is the only native alphabet of the Far

East. The Korean language is quite

different from the Chinese though it may be written in characters of Chinese origin. Chinese is monosyllabic, and

Korean is polysyllabic and forms compound words by combining simple words.

""he debris which accumulates with occupation of cities over long periods of time may reach surprising thickness.

At the site of BethShan in Palestine the depth of material was over seventy feet, nearly as much at Megiddo and about as much at Jericho. Archaeologists

can read the history of the city as they dig down through the layers of successive periods to the earliest period on the bottom. The reliable method of

dating the sites and the levels is based on comparison of pottery shapes and decorations. What will future archaeologists think of us when they dig down

through our garbage dumps and successive rebuildings? PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY SALT LAKE - PHOENIX

APRIL 1952 209

PRESIDENT TRUMAN'S PROPOSED FOR perfect, low cost

PUBLIC SEATING 195253 BUDGET NEW HPhe fiscal year of the national govBy DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

Science Department, of Political

University of Utah AllMetal mencesernmentJuly of1 andthe Unitedends theStatesfollowingcomHead

June 30. In January 1952, an election Samson year, President Harry S. Truman's 1.5 billion for "general government."

to 16c about "peanuts"amount These of dollar proin the percent) budget (16 Folding Chairs budgetabout 852messagebillionproposeddollars Julyspending1, 1952June 30, 1953—the next fiscal year. The posed to be spent in 195253.

figure approximates $85,444,000,000.00. THE OTHER 84c (84 percent) GOES

Eightyfour cents of every dollar of FOR THE COST OF MAN'S INthis sum (84 percent) is proposed to be ABILITY TO LIVE IN PEACE WITH spent for military services, military HIS FELLOWS ON THIS PLANET:

foreign aid, foreign economic assistance, War and the consequences of war.

veterans'care, and interest on the naIf the total budget does not make us tional debt, some $72,454,000,000.00. think, at least the problems posed by

The President estimates tax revenues the 84c should make us think.

during the year, from all sources, will War was described two decades ago amount to only $70,998,000,000.00—or by Robert E. Sherwood, as I recall, as

seventyone billion in round sums. Idiot's Delight.

The seventyone billion to be raised The only comfort is that we, the in taxes is about $472.00 for every man, Americans, are not the only idiots.

woman, and child in the We have extensive com-

U. S. A. My family of pany among our fellow

five, to pay its avermen in the human race age share, would pay the world over.

$2360.00 to the national It has been computed

government. Inasmuch as f. that in the first 156 years

the other members of a\uM under the American Conmy family are not wagestitution, the nation col- *Also available with spring cushion or wood earners, I will, suplected 248 billion dollars seat. posedly, have to dig all—through two world

Ideal for this up myself. So, the wars and President F. D.

Schools Churches $472.00 a person average is someRoosevelt.

Meeting Halls Lodges what unrealistic, because family heads, In the past six years, 194551, 260 or any hall where public seator family heads and working wives billions were reported to have been ing comfort is essential. together, will have to "divvy up."collected, the bulk of which has been

Of course General Motors and Clark spent for rearmament and the kindred "* Larger, more comfortable seat Gable will pay some big money. But preparations for and consequences of

W Strong enough to stand on the little fellows are going to pay 2023 the threat of war.

Safety seat hinge can't cut fingers percent of their net, or more, too. Former President Hoover, on January

* Noiseless folding action compact, This seventyone billion, please note, 27, 1952, addressed the nation via radio easily stored aid foreign the quite will pay for not television, or questioning whether and k Six colors smart decorator if costs the spending, military and really a threatened of not were by we "A"tip Will not or fold when open interlast care veterans'in the and war military attack Russia from whether and steel Electrically legs welded tube X est are included. national the debt on to us threaten bleed (which such sums

finproof, Chip nonchalking enamel * ish on all metal parts The President's program calls for a white) were required for national se- * Specially arched tubular steel cross deficit of 14'/2 billions. This will boost curity.

braces for extra rigidity the national debt by a similar amount. As stated many times in these

* Electrically welded steel tube seat This deficit will be necessary to pay columns, the necessity for armed strength used Frame throughout—no screws for the in the "peanuts"security, budget (assumto to national maintain and

"k Steel furniture glides replacewith priority) ing the top "84c"gets of the world, the peace guard cannot feet able rubber newtype * Padded, cushioncomfort spring seat 2.6 billion for welfare and security be questioned. We cannot put our

w Concave, formfitting, upholstered.67 billion for housing programs heads in the sand. But how much

back rest.62 billion for education and research armed strength, at what price? And,

k All metal parts rustproofed by "bon- 1.5 billion for agriculture must our strength be placed only in the

derizing process"3.4 billion for natural resources, conarmed arm of flesh?

servation developments, irrigaThe crucial issue lies in the field of tion projects, et al. foreign policy. The shape of our foreign

1.6 billion for transportation and policy will control the shape of our ZCMI communication budget. Currently, the President's proOFFICE OUTFITTERS.83 billion for finance, commerce, posals seem to place the American

57 SO. STATE ST. SALT LAKE CITY and industry economy, as well as the national sePhone 3-1575 - Ext. 442.25 billion for labor law administracurity, in the hands of the generals.

tion and services (Concluded on page 280) 210 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to Be Sure of Getting How to Read Only Good Books AND SAVE UP TO 60% ON THE BOOKS YOU BUY!

THEfoundedFamilyto selectReadingand Clubdistributewas books which are worthwhile, interesting and entertaining without being objecare good -way! These in any tionable

CREATIVE HOME of your every ThorndikeBarnhart member which books DECORATING with read can family pleasure—books DESK DICTIONARY Rockows By The chilolder leave where safely can you really comprehensive A your wonders if Work wish they—read them can dren enContains book. 80,000 this in manhuge with home in your home retained be to books tries, illustrations,! illus700 500 ual Contains below, how Read, pride. with library written,; pages. Newly 900 fullcolor 41 trations books wonderful these brings the Club upto-date printed, newly rooms"; "demonstration enable you that prices at bargain to you synaccurate. Includes stepby-siep and complete you the books to on save to up 60% for etc. Reantonyms, onyms, volume methods. A the join to the coupon mail Then buy. lovers. all Pubin real featured cently home Life the of three get any can while you Club edition, $4.95. lisher's Publisher's edMagazine.! for only $1.89 this page on shown books

ition, $2.75.

CRUSADE IN EUROPE THE GREATEST BOOK

By Dwight D. Eisenhower EVER WRITTEN

Oursler Fulton By whole The story Testament Old II the of World Wargigantic—drama Eve, Moses Adam, battles, the the strategy,

Biblical all the immorThe—ofof in fateful decisions—told

; beautitals and simply ac- a and human warm FINE BOOKS OF THESE in narrative fully retold Supreme the count by

author the famous by form Allied the of Commander

Story Greatest of "The copies forces. 1,000,000 FOR Publisher's Ever Told."historic this book! of sold

{ edition, $3.95. ed., $5.00. pub. Orig. ONLY

THE PRESIDENT'S LADY PLUS FEW Reader's30th AnniversaryDigest Reader By Irving Stone CENTS of the 100 than More story love gripping DELIVERY The inspirmost bescknown, of Rachel Jackson—howarticles helpful ing and the maligned by she was

IN THE WITH MEMBERSHIP in the Readprinted ever and nation by medicine, er's overyet enemies Digest—on her—attacked history, religion, science, all dethrough odds came

sports. cream The drama, to husband, her votion to 'JumikfRcadincj CM popmost world's of the Presidenthe to lead him

Publishular magazine! States! the United of cy

edition, $3.50. er's edition, Publisher's $3.50. HERE IS WHY WE MAKE

THIS UNUSUAL OFFER unusual IN this BUCKSKIN makes Club Reading DOCTOR Family The COOKS AMERICA in the membership demonstrate offer how to Allen D, T. By Browns The enjoyable By most and best the brings you Club story pioneer exciting publishers'An the than at books much recinew 1600 over Contains a of inare Northwest the of publishers editions! retail—lessmonth Each finest each the pes—will his believe meet doctor and frontier books they vited submit to from states the 48 of of—Board Our standards. Club Reading Family the bride how and Eastern—oldfash- mouthwatering it recomcan selects the book then Editors of worked lived and they upto- to favorites ioned members. to enthusiastically most mend to open Indians the among sensations taste theminute You To Territory by Means Membership the Oregon What your delight will that in the membership for is charge There no and respect the gaining diCrystal-clear palate. the of cost the beyond Club Reading Family natives. the of cooperation it impossieach $1.89 rections make only pay themselves. books You edition, $3.00. Publisher's you books for the handling) to wrong. (plus ble go postage and

review magabook the reading after purchase month. each will to your home zine come which

every a book purchase to is necessary not each four as as few accept may Itmonth—you NOW! COUPON MAIL

selections All membership. your retain to year 10,000 N.Y. GARDEN Dept. MINEOLA, 4-ER CLUB, FAMILY READING wellwell-printed and complete, are new, as below books my written three the send Please to delivered will me be QUESTIONS books your ANSWERED And bound. selection, first Club Books Gift and Membership two read! to postman—ready the door by your F. F. Ed. Rockwell by all three. delivery) (plus for bill $1.89 only and me Books Free "Bonus"field the of whole Covers

distributes "Bon- a Club Reading Family The 1 in gardening question and selections you Club four for free each Book us"form, with imporanswer Club will high the meet books take. These I 2 tant problems superior answered interest, excellence, of standards

matter—and subject experts. wholesome com15 by and writing A I 3 this library way fine build a home up can you plete, 1,488page indexed Reading of Family the of books enroll as member purchase a expense. Also extra The me I at no encyclopedia with hunof the review of a month, each eachinstead $1.89 send me, for only and Club Club the from pictures. of Pubdreds of privilege the selection. have of $3.00 prices retail I regular forthcoming publishers'Club's the

edition. accept lisher's to $4.95. wish I not each I do to in on 35'/e advance from notifying you you $4.00—saves 50% to

special I the offeredat of the value the alternate ifbook or selection, accept. when And you any book

postage and (plus as in, save is can each you figured only of price Books Bonus members'r fees, I or dues { dollars! membership of are book as your no$1.89 60 There handling). much

or selections four as as few accept I and may I Money Join No Send—Now a altermem- As twelve months. the coming HANDY during HOME nates will apwhich club in a believe If book vou four each with free Book Bonus receive will a I ber, I of MEDICAL of every ADVISER instincts member finest to the peal accept. I alternates or selections Club to the let introduce family, Famyou Fishbein, us Morris By your M.D. return will I delighted If not I GUARANTEE: NORISK get can you while ily Club Reading NOW, of cancelled. America's foreOne will be this membership 7 in and all days books wonderful the of of choice your THREE ANY doctors most has written 1 your as FREE two here described—books Mr. this clear, complete and first Club your as Gift, one and Membership Mrs I authoritative Print 1'lease guide that just money, $1.89! no only Send selection—for Miss help this unyou as understand However, today. the mail coupon I

time, we at any of illnesses. withdrawn offer be willmany Address our usual own may

Covers symptoms and urge you to mail the coupon NOW! I

treatments Zone City CLUB READING in easily unFAMILY derstood terms.

MINEOLA, NEW YORK the 105U.. BondS.StateA. Afje,Underif21 SameOffer pricegood onlyIn Canada:In St.,andTorontoCanada.2. JI *m i

APRIL 1952 211 \Jfhciai \Jraavi ot THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, IMPROVEMENT MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES ERST OF 'THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH'',+Jhe Lhufck of

affisTit'of cLatterdciu -Sainfe n> n-> VOLUME 55 NUMBER 4 n-J iAmlt 1952 n->

Editors: DAVID 0. McKAY - JOHN A. WIDTSOE - RICHARD L EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Manuscript Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT - Research Editor: ALBERT L.

JR. - ZOBELL, "Today's Family"

Editors: Contributing ARCHIBALD F. BENNETTEditor: -BURLG. SHEPHERDHOMER DURHAM Uke C-gouer

FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. - HUGH NIBLEY - LEE A. PALMER

CLAUDE B. PETERSEN - SIDNEY B. SPERRY

General Manager: ELBERT R. CURTIS - Associate Manager: BERTHA S. REEDER Business Manager: JOHN D. GILES - Advertising Director: VERL F. SCOTT MORMON PIONEER MEMORIAL

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR BRIDGE

This fullcolor painting of the Mormon Pioneer Memorial Bridge, being built across the Missouri River, is the

The Editor's Page work of Arnold Friberg and was drawn especially for The Improvement Era.

The "Whole"Man David + McKay 221 (See also page 229.)

Church Features

Evidences and Reconciliations: CLXIV—Are Latterday Saints

Homeowners?. John A+ Widtsoe 222

Latterday Saint Settlement at Winter Quarters EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES

Joseph Fielding Smith 224 50 North Main Street of the Doctrine Resurrection The Orson 227 F. Whitney

St. Offices, North Main Y.M.M.I.A. 50 in Microfilming Ireland R Cunningham and Wales James 235

St. Offices, North Main Y.W.M.I.A. 40

the The World of Jaredites—VIE Nibley 236 Hugh

Spirituality and Armed Conflict (The Book of Mormon Speaks on Salt Lake City 1, Utah

Current Problems) William E. Berrett 242

Inc., CorporaFunds, by 1952 a Mutual Copyright Appointee to Y.W.M.I.A. GenDoes Tobacco the Soothe Nerves? of the Mutual Men's Improvement Young eral Board 213 Science Says No! Asahel of the of Jesus Christ D. tionAssociation Church

The Church Moves On 216 Woodruff 277 Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subof

Melchizedek Priesthood 276 Presiding Bishopric's Page....j 278 scriptionsubscriptions,price, $3.00$2.50 aa year,year, in inadvance;advance;foreign25c

single copy.

Special Features Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah,

for in section provided rate special of postage at Pioneer Bridge The as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing Memorial Mormon L. H* Karrer 228

July authorized 2, 1917, of October 1103, Act of Arbor Meaning The Day P* Walter 230 Cottam 1918.

A Report on M Men Basketball 195152....'. Doyle L, Green 249 The Improvement Era is not responsible for unThe Spoken Word from Temple Square solicited manuscripts, but welcomes contributions.

..Richard L* Evans 256, 260, 268, 292 All manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient

Exploring the Universe, Franklin On the Bookrack....239 postage for delivery and return.

...209 S. Jr. of Inspiring Report an "Family

of Address Change Truman's These Harris,Times—President F. Hour,"and Don Mary West 195253 notice required for Proposed Fifteen Budget, days'of adchange G. Riggs 223 ordering change, include please dress. a When 210 Durham Homer

slip of issue a recent from the magazine. address Girl's Prayer, Patricia Young A Bless Like These, Verne God Men unless be cannot old the changes Address made Austin 265 Hayes -.-. C. is 214 Frame included. the well as one new as address

That Master Teacher 218 Your Page and Ours 296

Today's Family—National Advertising Representatives

Color Selection, A. D. MacNotes on Vitamins 288

Ewen 284 Handy Hints 289 S. TOWNSEND COMPANY May How

Russ Building Popular?

California Francisco, RexI A.BecomeSkidmoreMore....286 Ways with Eggs....290 EDWARDSan

HENRY G. ESCHEN,

Stories, Poetry EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Los Angeles 17, California The Opened Door—An Easter Story Lucile Hawkins Furr 232 1324 Wilshire Blvd.

ASSOCIATES SANGSTON SADLER AND Supper Easter Story 240 Janie Rhyne Guest—An Ave. 342 Madison in April Apple Pie Lovell Frances Stockwell 245 17, N. York New

Poem in Gold, Grace V. Watkins213 Morning Resolve, Elaine V. RAY H. DAVIS Y.

Poetry Page 217 Emans—.256 30 N. LaSalle St.

Frontispiece, Flowerseller's Song, Leap Year, Nell Griffith Wilson....273 Chicago, Illinois

Solveig Paulson Russell 219 River Tunnel, Christie Jerreries....283

Pink Lines, John Nixon, Jr 246 Flowers, Evelyn Wooster Viner....294 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

212 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA RITA JONES NASH,,:{ggi

Appointed lo

General Board

Mrs.pointedRita Jonesto theNashgeneralhas beenboardapof

the Young Women's Mutual Improvement Association where she will serve on the Junior Gleaner committee.

Mrs. Nash, who has been serving

in double capacity as Liberty Ward

Junior Gleaner leader and as a member of the Liberty (Salt Lake City)

Stake Sunday School board, is the daughter of Willard L. and Lois Earl

Jones. They are now ordinance

workers at the Salt Lake Temple.

president the first Elder Jones was of Stake, (Nevada) having SEE WHY FARMERS SAY IT'S THE the Moapa served in that position for twentyseven years. The new board member

is the wife of Elder Karl E. Nash, LIGHTEST RUNNING first counselor in the Liberty Ward

bishopric. Their only child died in

infancy. She is a graduate of the Utah State FORAGETate a look at a Case Forage HARVESTERHarvester. Turn the knifewheel pulley

Agricultural College. She is formerly by hand. Notice how easy it turns, how it keeps on going. This easy-

a speech director on the stake rolling wheel is just one of the many things that make Case "the

Y.W.M.LA. boards in the Salt Lake Lightest Running Forage Harvester."Antifriction bearings, oilbath

and Moapa stakes. gears, highstrength steels for light weight, simple design with few

moving parts—all leave extra power for cutting extra tons every day.

Both Standard and LongCut models use interchangeable rowcrop,

POEM IN GOLD windrow pickup, and cutterbar units. Both do good work with a full

2-plow tractor, have strength and capacity to make use of 5-plow power.

By Grace V. Watkins Engine attachment available.

HPhe darkest day can have a bit of sun, *- clouds are though heavy Even in the to don't have shut SENDTOUTtitTULL STOW You sky: field, in waiting the down of or muffins a sponge cake pan doneA full line builds tractors great a Case of for 25 and Case Forage the Blower perfection, gold a spring butterflyTo machines. those margin farm write or in Mark to It surpriscatch puts up. tall, I. are hollyhocksHovering Co., need. Mail where Case to you may coupon J.

Racine, tall silos, Dept. D-44, into Wis. ing tonnage little girl pinafore, in a yellowA

Baler DAutomatic Forage DLongCut with, power. moderate honeysuckles Has a garden wall byAnd QSelfPropelled

thick beside a kitchen door. features, and sweet reliable safetyOr Combines DStandardCntHarvester

springhinged hopper. AuQForageHarvesterBlower DPuIiTypeCombines

available tomatic unloader (Give sizeAnd even if no yellow can be seen

With the eye, if there is laughter in the for falseendgate wagons.

heart, Works fine as grain blower, NAME.

If like glory, love shines a routine each too. full details from Get POSTOFFICE smallHowever plays its part and humble dealer. your Case

as sight, suns mighty ourEven beyond.STATE RFD For all the shoreless universe is light.

APRIL 1952 213 GOD BLESS MEN LIRE THESE by Verne C Frame

the Church grows, and two AS stakes or two or three wards

L are organized where only one has functioned before, one of the major problems is new priesthood and auxiliary organization leadership. One answer is bringing back

into full Church activity those members who have slipped away.

But how is this accomplished?

One stake president found himself in such a predicament. His

stake had been so divided that most of the tried and true leadership had gone into the "other"stake. Prayerfully he and his counselors approached the problem.

sisters Thenpeople—finethey beganbrotherscallingand on their

not been too had some of whom VkvA Bun/an recently. in the Church active

was members nonactive among not "I do the comment: generallynever saw one lifcerftfc Their answer to that first call

feel that I am worthy of this call.

(see railroad things. to big of used 13,700 miles wasPaul map Bunyan only increase would accept it To efficiency alltime set below), the logged our Upside we MounHe Down

guilt."of my feeling last fortain year. Puget and Sound Babe record dug More efficiency

the Blue Ox. But he never saw a train meant not only more speed, but Then came a gentleness, a kindlithe like of ours, and all brand new! more cars for Western and Westward ness, a sympathetic understanding

Our new Southern Pacific train shippers. emanating from the Spirit of our

has 452 diesel locomotives, 185 pasWe don't tell you these things to Father in heaven as the stake presisenger cars, 46,180 freight cars (inbrag, but to show you that this exdency replied: "None of us has

cluding 10,100 jointly owned refrigpanding, demanding, giveus-morethe state of perfection to which he erator cars for Pacific Fruit Express), ofeverything West is something to aspires. In fact, that is one of the

cost towith. keep coupled and $388,000,000 up earth. for on our life reasons We milesgether long! be 400 would intend to on keeping keep we And find tonight visiting you are who

it, sort enterprise quite with work That's a free Paul making up Bunyan the in need of constantly ourselves ours. train. the It stock prosperity rolling represents your and forof

Southern Pacific has ordered since help and the love of our Heavenly

V-J Day. And we've invested millions Father to aid us in our assignments.

more in other facilities to serve the We, too, felt as you now feel when

West better, and to keep in step with the opportunity to serve came to our country's defense program. us. Now, we feel that we need the

We've increased our freight car help that you can give us. Would

ownership 27% in the last six years, you consider putting yourself in compared to about 4% average incondition to accept?"

crease by the nation's railroads as a whole. And, "getting there the After a long pause came the

fustest with the mostest"on our humble reply: "Yes, I would like to

think it over."

it over for a A SYMBOL OF/tHNWESTERN PROGRESS "Then, you think month or six weeks, and we'll call again."At the end of this time the stake presidency returned to these homes.

SwiiiHSS!*!! v:i:>iwK::0:iw**>fij(iV 'Some felt that they were ready to

accept Church assignments: others

Southern Pacific Company, D. J. Russell, President (Concluded on page 283)

214 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Easy to read, inexpensive editions of the

ofBOOK MORMON with valuable commentaries and study helps

BOOK OF MORMON d.)

Missionary E dition. $1.00

BOOK OF MORMON (2) Large Print Edition. $3.00

BOOK OF MORMON (3) Leather Edition. $4.50

STORY OF THE THE DUST THE FROMA VOICE BOOK OF MORMON byEdited and arranged

Genet Bingham Dee (4) By Florence Pierce (8) fasciof in Book The Mormon of MorBook The complete sein the story form and nating in a doctrine story and mon actually as of events they quence form; fascinating readable,

and hiswith religious happened; both for young reading good

extorical and other background people and adults.

$4.00 planatory matter.

$3.00 BOOK OF MORMON OUR BOOK OF MORMON

GUIDE BOOK By Dr. Sidney B. Sperry (9)

Verla BirreM (5) A thoroughly scholarly yet high- "Those interested in the Book ly readable aid to Book of Morof Mormon would do well to mon study. Dr. Sperry especially

have this book at their comgives an overall concept of the mand for frequent reference."importance of the Book of Mor-

—Dr. John A. Widtsoe. An exmon, its organization, literature,

cellent Book of Mormon and the religious concepts of unistudy, further enhanced by versal appeal.

valuable maps and charts, $3.00

and a crossindex.

$5.00 FROM BABEL TO CUMORAH

By J. A. Washburn and

WITNESSES OF THE J. N. Washburn (10)

BOOK OF MORMON This book is an attempt to bring

Compiled by Preston Nibley (6) together brief narratives from the of Mormon, Bible and emBook this published in book, Here relationship close phasizing the first in volfor the time one with examples the two, between all present are the ume, narrative from and facts to the pertaining known prophecy.

of later experiences lives and the eleven witnesses to the $2.25

Book of Mormon.

$2.25 Its easy to order by mail. Postage prepaid by Deseret

Book.

BOOK OF MORMON COMMENTARYVol. I

Eldin Ricks (7) DESERET BOOK CO. I

The complete text of the First 44 East South Temple *'

Book of Nephi with explanaPlease send the following books; (circle numbers detory notes; an invaluable aid sired). Check ( ) or money order ( ) enclosed:

to everyone who seriously 10 studies the Book of Mormon. 123456789 1

$2.00 I I I I I I All books prepaid; residents 1

of Utah please add 2% sales 1 Deseret Book Co! I

44 East South Temple tax. 1

J APRIL 1952 215 THE CHURCH MOVES ON

First Presidency announced The 9 ** February 1952 -|A Delbert March 1952 of Elder the appointment

first in the counselor RexTaylor, G. Merrill the of of Southern Joseph I Ward R Redondo 3 Elder as presipresidency, Stake (Idaho) burg x in his died of the Twelve Council the allChurch fornia won M CaliMen sucof States Mission, the Eastern dentsleep. by defeating tournament basketball

President David O. McKay, and Elder ceeding President George Q. Morris, Capitol Hill (Salt Lake City) by a 5240

Alma Sonne, Assistant to the Council recently sustained as an Assistant to score. Third place was won by Reno,

oi the Twelve, meeting with stake the Council of the Twelve. President Nevada, followed by Dublan, Mexico;

Eastern in the mission filled a Taylor presidents at Los Angeles missionand TwenLogan First, Utah; Fork Spanish

of bishop States 192023, has been and of thediscussed for the financing plans City; Salt Lake Waterloo, tieth, Utah;

Fourth Rexburg the Ward. of Temple. Angeles theconstruction Los Minersville, Utah; Fifth, Utah; Logan

It that General announced was in programs evening many reMinersville Sunday Utah. Honeyville, and

Curtis; Elbert R. Superintendent Genof the branchesof the and wards trophy. sportsmanship the ceived

S. Reeder; Bertha President eral Marvin Scouts, given the Boy were byChurch the announced Presidency First athletic superThe A. Y. Ashton, M. I. M. J. anniversary the being monthFebruary

of their organization. visor, and Mrs. Edna K. Pay, Y. W. appointment of Elder Donovan H. Van

Netherlands the of president director, sports been I. A. had Dam as named M. F. succeeded Elder Alonzo Hopkin

succeeds President Van Dam of Mission. control of of board the members I. of the WilliamsPresident Joseph

reLillywhite, P. who President John the At time same Deseret Gymnasium. Stake. (WyomingUtah)Woodruff New the following last January turned home are for rates in half cut membership are Elders sustained Lawcounselors

at DecemHague, his wife of The death individual wins every boy an who B. Ross Williamrence and Johnson

Rapier, Elder 1951. Don ber W. 22, his certificate in of Aaronic award Victor Elders succeedWarner. They

to first counselor secretary and former girl for every Priesthood and work who Bowns. and MatthewsW. J. Wilburn

is acting head Lillywhite President now certificate in of the a award visited the wins persons 27,700 had Some

President who Dam, mission. this of Van I. Y. program. A. attendance M. W. Hospital during Children's Primarynew beNetherlands the in filled mission a

its closed inspection, of which week first is councurrently 1928, in ginningthis 11 Sunday. ionfor a twomi i i Plans new Highland Stratford in Ward, the selor

of dollar program expansion City. Salt Lake in bishopric Stake,

First Presidency announced S. Salt in City o Hospital L. Lake D. The

"the appointment of Elder Peter J. were announced. Included will be the

Ricks, Rexburg (Idaho) Stake Patriarch, early construction of a sevenstory adas president of the Southern States Misdition. 9 President David O. McKay dedision, succeeding Albert Choules. Presicated the Primary Children's

is of the bishop former adent Ricks Hospital. that was made announcement An O A

for served Third andRexburg Ward, '"nearing construction complededi- was Richards Stephen President L of president as Rexburg yearssixteen at unit the tion a on Ward, of the new dryspraying chapel Mantua cated the

Stake. plant milk region welfare Pioneer Stake. Elder (Utah) South Box

is of drying six hundred capable which to Assistant Longden, for Elder services John Elder Joseph Funeral n of the milk skim an hour by pounds 'dediof the Twelve Council the of the F. Merrill of the Council

fifty will produce spray This method. Ward, of the Newdale chapel theTwelve were held in the Salt Lake pounds of dried or powdered milk. cated

Stake. (Idaho) RexburgTabernacle. North

Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the Council Presiding Bishop LeGrand Richards the chapelof the dedicated Twelve of O Fourth Bountiful Ward the dedicated

Branch, Northern (Iowa)the 'g ThebasketballannualtournamentallChurchbegan.M ThisMen Ames Stake. (Utah) Davis chapel, South

States Mission. year twenty teams are competing.

Facilities of both Deseret Gymnasium Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin of the

i A President S. Dilworth Young of and the University of Utah field house Presiding Bishopric dedicated the chapel

x V trie First Council of the Seventy will be used. of the Smithfield Fourth Ward, Smithdedicated the chapel of the Axtell Ward, field (Utah) Stake.

Gunnison (Utah) Stake.

Elder David H. Yarn, Jr., of the O H The First Presidency announced

P. of the Elder O. appointment of University faculty Brigham Young of the Stapley L. Delbert Elder 6 the to preside Tahitian over Pearce of the a Men's and Young member addressed Twelve of the Council

R. President Mission, succeeding LeRoy genAssociationMutual Improvement States House United of the a meeting

for lory three there presided has Mai who series eral of addresses board, a began interfaith of an Representatives of filled a years. mission President Pearce over hour. the Radio on Church KSL the on D. C, in Washington, group,

1925. to to islands these 1922 from He Congresswoman of Utah's invitation

is the Patients assistant in were from School the moved an Sunday 12 old Primary Children's hospital superintendency of the Granger (Salt Reva Beck Bosone.

to the new building. Although it was Lake County) Third Ward. The annual M. I. A. music festival

snowing most of the day, the move was Colorful ceremonies officially opened opened in the Assembly Hall, on Temaccomplished on schedule and without the allChurch M Men basketball ple Square, with fourteen quartets mishap. tournament. participating.

216 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SPRING AGAIN VENTURE PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

By Zelda Davis Howard By Beulah Huish Sadleir A Tribute to the President After His Passing

Again the grass and trees are wearing Tt is time for the spring April 4, 1870—his'birthdate

** velvet, * Trailing young lambs and goats By Ruth May Fox

Spring's favored fabric in all the shades of To come over the hill in her gay petticoatsso still, so quiet and Pink bonnet, green; bows on her

will;Lilacs Father's of yew, And branches to the have donned their capes of perHeObedientlay

fumed purple, Lady slippers toetilted to His gentle spirit took its flight

And the crocus tilts a cap that may be seen Catch starlit dew. To dwell with God in endless light.

From the window. The tulip buds show

smiles of It is time for the spring Prophet, President, and Seer,

Sunshine, matched by the gold of the To call up her plump robin, His ministry doth now appear daffodils. To sew leaves on the trees To place a halo on his brow,

The chirp of the robin is a cadenced call With her shuttle and bobbin, To which in reverence we bow.

the bare to valley the spring drapeAnnouncing and the To to all, he loved friend mankind lilac with A lace hills. heirloom Quaint mind. heart for and with wrought them And petals feather attach And all the hear word, children must God's face. daisy is of eachSpringtime a season gay magic To is restored. gospel message The single sound, without a is performedThat

In serene stillness sleeping buds and roots With joy he traversed many lands,

Awake to the warming touch of gracious Living and teaching God's commands;

ground. "Love one another"was his theme

As written in the law supreme.

Of all the seasons the springtime is most fair; As he traveled near and far,

With winter past, our days seem devoid of Ever before him shone a star, care. The star of hope for a stricken world,

When Christ's banner is unfurled.

REBORN Oh, glorious rest; at last, at last,

Your cares and sufferings all are past;

By Catherine E. Berry Ten thousand tongues your praise shall tell,

will be wise, I said, And so dear friend, farewell, farewell.

I And guard my heart. *-*ffc->*-

one shallTo no I give WHEN APRIL COMES part A beggar's

Of any dream of mine. By Mabel Jones Gabbott

These I will hold clods part to welcome brown stress the of windsAbove When of green, blades cold. blow That may

And pungent earth, newturned, smells good

But fires of spring can make and clean;

An ice jam move; When rainsweet winds t6ss tumbled tufts

Even a hardpacked seed of white

Will burst the groove Against a Wedgewood sky, so blue, so

So long confining it bright;

And upward shoot, When blossomed fragrance tantalizingly

A stilled heart touch the strings Hops every other breeze and rides it free;

No longer mute. And bluebirds perch on porch and picket

fence earth garmentsAs Hadley summer—Paul full trill of confidence; note a gay To ilame, glowing With

littlest heartbeats April comes, my When like spreads wildfire beautyAnd sing—tame, Never and in with heaven and earth love I am READ NOT DICTATED BUT too,So, heart reached up my spring.

the rue, Beyond A. Chaffee By Eleanor

scattered locked far dreamsThe

By love of you. HPake * please.a letter... to April; and no copy, TAKE TIME TO DREAM

Beatrice Wilson young, April Munro that By was when I knew FAITH Dear OF SWORD gravely the England waked tall NewI Who for dreaming! time some HPake trees Romolo By Gene

needs * Every mortal scarf silver winter's danced where And

Unsheathe the sword of faith and keep was flung, Time to note the rainbows it bright I think of you now; and of that stranger That spring from pansy seeds.

for battle world's here reconsecration! aTo to hours Quiet remember

streets of heedless city world guiding masquerades wears God's grown and onA Who thing lovely Every fetters forged to blind unbelief drained unfamiliar ofAnd by warmth mask An the brown bud dream; once God's Was of shining clear. need blades unstainedHas by war spring. is a leaf, come That its lest, cleave like blighted dares smiles at bondsTo or her even one a No

sheaf, To speak her name. Yet, April, there are He surely dreamed of bird's song

Man's soul shall atrophy and it be cast those Or birds would all be mute.

Into a holocaust of his creating. Who live between stone walls and dream He dreamed the lovely blossom

Unsheathe faith's sword! The time is long at night Before he gave us fruit.

since past Of little hills where unforgotten goes

For weak procrastination! The echo of your footsteps, sure and light. Let us dream, then, planning lilies

Unsheathe the sword Of these am I, and you may find my heart Where only thistles grew.

That knights mankind for service to the On any stem where the first white snowLord, let us dream the right dreams

Lord! drops start. Give us strength to make dreams true!

APRIL 1952 217 t MASTER TEACHER Bookcraf Jhat

in KarlProvoG. forMaeserone week,hadthatbeenApril

of 1876, and was just beginning to realize the enormity of the task of organizing an academy. Worse

still, he had just received a dismy

Your Key to patching thatthatin Fridaythree afternoon,days PresidentstatBrigham Young would be in Provo

Spiritual Growth to examine the written plans for the

Bookcraft publications have gone into thousands of homes carrying out of this fine project.

throughout the world... providing consolation, peace of But there were no written plans.

mind and a wealth of inspiration to Church members He immediately went to his desk everywhere. and endeavored to get the heavenborn ideas that flitted, spiritlike,

Sunlight through his consciousness, upon ll SUNLIGHT paper. But his arduous labor was

and to no purpose; the dawn crept in

to find his task not yet begun. All

day Saturday he spent at his desk, but to no avail; Saturday night

proved a repetition of the night before, and all through the long

Sabbath he engaged his mind in the same fruitless attempt. Sunday

evening he was heartsick; President

Young would be there in the morning to review the plans that did not exist.

Almost overcome with despair, he dropped to his knees saying: "O

Father, show me the way, help me to make the plans for this great work. I cannot do it of myself."

All at once the burden was lifted from his heart, and it seemed almost as if a voice said to him, "Brother Maeser, why did you not think to ask before?"

Have you these spendid Book He sprang to his desk and wrote.

of Mormon Reference Books? In an hour or two the plans were

to to President submit ready Young. Christ for Witness New

in America, Volumes 1 & in later years, Dr. Maeser Temple Record A Dr. And Francis Kirkham, 2, by

each $2.75 would often tell his students this America and the Ancient

it with the plea: "alBinder MiltonBook of RMormon,Hunterby andDr. story, ending

Ferguson Thomas 4.00 ways ask Father first."

of Book MormonS. Commenfam- genealogical and valuable your File= Ricks $2.00 Eldin tary, by safely. This easily and quickly, ily records= the Wall, Branches Over protect to designed especially was binder= $1.00 Pate Stewart Ora by forms. Cover genealogical all present

the of of Story MorBook Posttemple. richly goldembossed showsH= Pierce Florence $3.00 mon, extensions. typeis

1 BLACK OR BROWN LEATHERETTE

= PUBLISHERS OF

FINE

= L.D.S. BOOKS (!

M/X.1ISI 1186 SOUTH salt Lake\MlCity 4, Utah

Fill218 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Flowersellers Song

by Solveig Paulson Russell affies for sale! Sweet daffodils,

Just picked this morning From dawnspangled hills!

Picked with the sunrise caught in each one,

Beauty for lamplight When daytime is done!

Daffies for sale! Sweet daffodils,

Gay dancing beauties In fragrant gold frills!

Daffies for sale! A wonderful buy!

Sweet bits of magic From God's earth and sky!

—Wayne B. Hales

APRIL 1952 219 MODEL 531 TABLE, 631 CHAIRS. TABLE TOP MEASURES 35"X 60"WITH ONE LEAF

AS SHOWN. ALSOROMEAVAILABLE WITH TWO LEAVES EXTENDINGDINETTESTO 72"(SEATING EIGHT)

Virtue Bros, dinettes make mealtimes truly festive occasions. The bright sparkle

of gleaming chrome and stainless steel combined with the brilliant hues of micalite* table tops and luxurious duran* upholstery, are joyously stimulating.

—and table and chairs are so practical

A damp cloth keeps both sparkling new.

See the many attractive styles available at leading western and midwestern department and furniture stores today.

TRADE MARK REGISTERED [Housekeeping) VIRTUE BROS* IVlFG* CO* The West's largest manufacturer of Chrome Furniture

LOS ANGELES 45, CALIFORNIA 5>5?5>5s5\5v5\5

>*fSii.VV#''

The "Whole"Man by President David O. McKay

c/i'n Shakespeare's Othello, these and privileges and sometimes of life itself. It

words are uttered by Iago: is necessary, therefore, to care for our physical

bodies, and to observe the laws of physical "Who steals my purse steals trash; 'tis somehealth and happiness.

thing, nothing; Here is a selection from Edward Everett

'Twas mine, 'tis his, and has been slave to Hale, reflecting his views on some of the thousands; physical factors of life, and written a half

But he that filches from me my good name century or so ago:

Robs me of that which not enriches him, "The peril of this century is physical decay.

And makes me poor indeed."This peril is gravely eminent with respect to

{Othello Act III, Sc. 3.) all who dwell in our great cities. All the conThis suggests in some respects the relative ditions of life in the modern American city

importance of the outward tangibles and the favor it; wealth or the accumulation of the

inner intrinsic values. If we are true within, wherewith to gratify the desire is the great

if we remain steadfast in integrity, we are incentive of our contemporaneous life, and rich in the eyes of God, who sees the heart and under its fevered stimulation, vast numbers of judges therefrom. The true life within is men and women, utterly careless of the body's

largely the measure of what we are. But we needs or demands, struggle in the great conare dual beings: our body, the outward part flict and eventually go down victims of the

is the temple, if you please; and the spirit unchangeable law of nature.... There is

within, the true life. We cannot ignore the im- a great natural truth, universally demonstrated,

portance of the complete picture, as suggested with regard to the various forms of living orby the Apostle Paul (in speaking of the Church) ganisms, and that is when all the functions of in the twelfth chapter of Corinthians: the body work together harmoniously... there

organism, strong, healthy is normal, a found the "For is not one body but member, that would conditions existing of under capable... many.

in which dissolution of one quick the mean the I eye cannot say the "And unto hand, funcnatural of the a derangement there was of thee: have no need to nor again the head

the feet, I have no need of you."tions."

But, great as is the peril of physical decay, (I Cor. 12:14, 21.) greater is the peril of spiritual decay. The

I like this comparison, because it suggests peril of this century is spiritual apathy. As the

the importance of inward and outward "combody requires sunlight, good food, proper exerpleteness."The healthy man, who takes care cise, and rest, so the spirit of man requires the

of his physical being, has strength and vitality; sunlight of the Holy Spirit; proper exercise of

his temple is a fit place for his spirit to reside. the spiritual functions; the avoiding of evils

There are many things which attack the that affect spiritual health, that are more vitality of the body. We are exposed to disravaging in their effects than the dire diseases

ease which may make its inroads in one organ, that attack the body. Physical diseases may

which, being weakened, weakens and impairs stop the manifestations of life in the body, but other organs, the result being that the body the spirit still lives. But when disease of the

succumbs to the attack. Thus bodily ailments spirit conquers, life ebbs eternally.

deprive us of the full exercise of our faculties {Concluded on following page)

APRIL 1952 THE EDITORS PAGE

(Concluded from preceding page) his spirit a disease which will impair his spiritual

When men become spiritually sick, they do not life. The man who cheats his neighbor (I care not

care much for religion. They think it is not necessary whether anyone else knows it or not) is weakening

for them to attend to their spiritual wants. Dishis spirituality. Dishonesty is a spiritual disease.

satisfied with themselves, they find fault with those The man who steals is inviting into his soul that who do enjoy the true life of spirituality. Why? which will prevent him from growing to the perfect

Because they don't know what real spiritual life is. stature of Christ. The man who fails in any way

They succumb to the diseases that are attacking to live up to that which God and conscience tell the spirit. him is right is weakening his spirituality—in other

I have in mind young people who become assowords, is depriving himself of the sunlight in which ciated with the wrong kind of company, and who his spiritual nature will grow.

spend their time in wanton and wasteful ways If we are true within, if we are pure, if we are and withdraw themselves from the things of the sincere, God is our stay and our inspirer, and the spirit, and in doing so invite into their souls a outward attacks and temptations cannot hurt us malady that is more fatal than a wasting fever. any more than the lions hurt Daniel in the den when

They become infected with the virulent germs of God protected him. They cannot hurt us any more

spiritual disease. This condition keeps them from than the fire hurt the three Hebrew children when

their quorum meetings, from Sunday School, and they were cast into the flame. But we are outwardly

from other Church associations. They lose the strong only to the extent that we are pure and

moral strength to go to these places for spiritual true as individuals, by seeking the truth and living sunlight, and for the healthful exercise of the spirit. in harmony with it; and by resisting every influence,

There are also other manifestations of spiritual every power that tends to destroy or to dwarf in poisoning: The man who hates his brother has in any way the spiritual life.

Are Latterday Saints Homeowners?

census 1950 of the Church families the them. occupying by The the direction is under for a little lower This than vi/idtdoe -- (yn of the % Presiding Bishopric reveals as the a whole and Church OF THE COUNCIL TWELVE OF THE

many interesting things about naturally would be so because the Latterday Saints. of the people in the city who

The members of the Church have always taken have not grown up with the idea that families must pride in being owners of their homes. In recent own their own homes or who in the industrial

days it has become more customary for certain groups development of the city are often driven by necessity of people to live in rented homes or apartments. to renting their homes.

The census reveals that at the present time nearly The census also reveals that of the people in the sixtytwo percent of all the people in the Church, Church who own their homes or are trying to buy both in the stakes and in the missions, either own their homes, the farming community heads the list.

their homes or are paying on a contract basis for In the missions, only sixtyone percent of the farmers the homes in which they live. In the stakes alone, own their homes, in the stakes, ninetytwo percent

seventy percent of them own their homes. However, own their homes, and in the Church as a whole, of

this is not as high a percentage as in early pioneer the farm community, over eightyfive and onehalf days when every family built for itself a modest percent are homeowners.

home. In those days, the people themselves and Next to the farm element, the largest homeowners

their friends worked together to get the humble home are miscellaneous groups of proprietors, managers, constructed. Those days have pretty much passed. and officials of various kinds. The smallest perHowever, sixtytwo percent is a higher percentage centage reported, about forty percent, were domestic

of homeowning people than in the United States service workers and protective service workers who, generally; for example, the government census shows because of their occupations which require much

that in 1950 in the United States travel, were not so frequently at nearly fiftyfive percent of the home.

people owned their homes or However, the census does show were buying them. This is Evidences that people generally like to live

seven percent less than the Latin their own homes; otherwise,

terday Saints. The city census AND over fifty percent of the people

shows that in Salt Lake City, in the land as well as in the which is chiefly an apartment Reconciliations Church would not be so living.

center in Utah, nearly sixty Home ownership has a distinct CLXIV percent of the homes are owned value to a family. There is

222 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA greater freedom in one's own home; and the necesown homes. The subjoined table may be of interest

sary labor of keeping up a home develops many to members of the Church if carefully examined.

of the intangible but important needs of manWe are grateful that at the present time the Latterkind. day Saints enjoy so high a percentage of home

Latterday Saints should be anxious to own their ownership.

PERCENT OF HEADS OF FAMILIES BY OCCUPATION WHO OWN OR ARE BUYING THEIR HOMES

AS REPORTED IN THE 1950 L. D. S. CHURCH CENSUS

Missions Stakes Church (Percent Home (Percent Home (Percent Home

Code Occupation Owners) Owners ) Owners)

Professional and Semiprofessional 38.50 59.85 54.26

1 Farmers, Farm Laborers, Owners, and Managers 61.11 92.14 84.52

2 Proprietors, Managers, Officials, etc. 51.98 69.18 65.09

3 Clerical, Sales, and Kindred Workers 36.77 57.97 51.81

4 Craftsmen, Foremen, and Kindred Workers 46.03 66.06 59.55

5 Operatives and Kindred Workers 39.43 61.11 53.32

6 Domestic Service Workers 23.26 61.40 41.46

7 Protective Service Workers 22.73 60,08 45.45

8 Service Workers (excl. Domestic & Protective) 35.80 62.86 53.00

9 Laborers, (excl. Farm and Mine) 35.59 61.37 50.94

10 Educational Workers 37.30 63.37 57.90

11 Occupations not reported (Retired, Misc., etc.) 31.47 58.23 47.57

TOTAL AVERAGE PERCENT owning or buying homes 43.14 70.15 61.78

REPORT OF AN INSPIRING "FAMILY HOUR"

Laveen, Arizona Since our children have married It has been our plan to have a

Dear Editors: and have children of their own, each buffet supper so that the fathers could

one tries to carry on the same procome directly from their work.

invitation, would spend they the After gram. meal was over we At ourOuroneniece,of ourReginafamilyWest,eveningsattendedand prayer, of the by singing, meeting our at begin the second Thursday month

asked that I submit this little our home in a joint family evening. and then our regular appointed secpicture and story to you. Thus far it has brought a feeling of retary would always read the minutes

When our children were small, our unity and a time and place for our for approval, and our missionary fund weekly "home evenings"were relichildren, old and young, to express which we have started was reported giously carried out, and we felt great themselves, and for the gospel to be at this time.

good was derived therefrom. taught. (Concluded on page 266)

APRIL 1952 223 This monument by Avard Fairbanks stands in the Pioneer Mormon Cemetery.

The building of the Mormon Pioneer Memorial Bridge across the Missouri River at Florence, between Nebraska and Iowa, turns our minds back more than a hundred years to the early

latterday Saint Settlement at

WINTER QUARTERS

by Joseph Fielding Smith

PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE, AND CHURCH HISTORIAN

houseburning, depredaor any other of of eyes the the enemies the not with the Church mob this would tions, and to waste our property and time, their the persecutionsWhenaccomplished so purdo, wicked continued and hinder our business.

pose in the determination. of the with renewed martyrdom Mob

is idea, have a mistaken That it that we conventionsProphet were Smith and his brother Joseph held, and demands for to in six months, proposed remove

Hyrum, they were confident that they were made that the Latterday Saints would be so early in the spring that grassthat had brought the Church of Jesus should leave the state of Illinois. It might not grow nor water run; both of

Christ of Latterday Saints to its is regrettable to say that these enewhich would be necessary for our removal.

influence our to use to have we proposeend. They were sure that it could mies had the sympathy and treacherBut our harvest seed time and among no more

not survive and that its members ous aid of Governor Thomas Ford. people in this country after gathering our

would be scattered to the four winds. The Saints asked for time to dispresent crops; and that all communications

They gloated over their murderous pose of their property and in their to us be made in writing.

accomplishment, but this gloating petition to their enemies said:

was of short duration. To their The request of President Brigham

will use all lawful means, That weamazement the members of the in Young and his brethren was granted, others, connection to preserve with the

Church rallied and continued to build public peace while we tarry; and shall exbut within a week was broken, and

and pursue their daily vocations. In pect, decidedly, that we be no more molested the fury of the mob increased as the

224 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mob issued an ultimatum that the Council Bluffs. The next day a counwards over each of which was a

Saints make an immediate removal. cil meeting was held, and it was debishop. These bishops so appointed

Wednesday, February 4, 1846, the cided to move back onto the Bluffs at this early period were Levi W.

first of the Saints left Nauvoo and where spring water could be obtained Riter, William Fossett, Benjamin crossed the Mississippi on their way and there would be protection from Brown, John Vance, Edward Hunter, to the West. Others followed as the Indians. The brethren found David Fairbanks, Daniel Spencer,

rapidly as they could. It was an that the Potawatami Indians were Joseph Matthews, Abraham Hoagextreme winter. They were without very friendly and their chief showed land, David D. Yarsley, and Joseph

sufficient food, clothing, and provthe Saints some favors. The Omaha B. Noble.

ender for their teams. Their covered Indians across the river were not so In a very short period of time, for

wagons would not successfully shed friendly. the settlers labored diligently, Winter

the snow and rain, and many wagons June 29, 1846, a ferryboat was Quarters took on the appearance of a were without covers. On Sugar Creek finished on the east bank of the city. The houses were chiefly built

a temporary camp was made. On the Missouri. The building of this boat of logs gathered from the surroundfirst night of the encampment, nine was under the supervision of Fredering forest, but some of the Saints

infants were born. President Young ick Kesler, who for many years was made their dwellings by making

spent February 16, 1846, in organthe bishop of the Sixteenth Ward, caves. Some trouble arose through

izing the camp. March first the Salt Lake City, and incidentally the the stealing of cattle and horses by

camp was broken, and the journey bishop of President Joseph F. Smith's the Indians, and this loss the memresumed in cold, stormy weather. family. The next day President bers of this settlement could not

Several members of the camp died Young and others crossed the river afford. Their number of horses,

from exposure. Some four hundred seeking a site for the location of the mules, and cattle was too meager and

wagons, without sufficient teams, had camps of Israel. In early September was sorely needed for the ploughing

been assembled to transport these such a site was chosen and named of the land and for the anticipated miserable exiles. By April the great Winter Quarters. This place was to journey to their promised land in the

body of the Saints was on its way. be the outfitting point for those who Rocky Mountains. Most members of

Near the Chariton River the exiles were to continue their journey to the the Church are familiar with the were organized into companies with Great Basin. A regular city was laid story told by President Joseph F. Smith

captains over tens, fifties, and hunout according to the plans which were of his encounter with the Indians dreds. The Apostles were appointed adopted for the settlements of the when he was a herd boy of only

to take charge of divisions. Latterday Saints. Several years eight years, and how through his

April 24, 1846, a settlement was later, after the abandonment by the ingenuity and the blessing of the selected on Grand River, Iowa, and Saints, the place was named Florence Lord he saved the cattle but lost his named Garden Grove. Here a counand today is a suburb of the city of horse and was himself miraculously

cil meeting was held, and three hunOmaha. Winter Quarters, under the saved from death. This occurred just

dred and fiftynine laboring men were direction of twelve men appointed out of Winter Quarters.

reported in the camp. From these, for the purpose, was organized into (Continued on following page)

one hundred were appointed to cut trees and make rails; ten to build

fences; fortyeight to build houses;

twelve to dig wells, and ten to build bridges. The remaining number were

to prepare land for cultivation. A

temporary organization to look after the spiritual as well as the temporal needs of this settlement was also appointed. May 18, 1846, some twentyseven miles farther west, Parley P.

Pratt with his company had camped.

It was decided here to make another temporary settlement, and it was named Mount Pisgah. As in Garden

Grove, arrangements were made for the convenience of those appointed to remain. These temporary camps

were essential to the welfare of the exiles and were organized for the purpose of raising grain and provisions to help the members on their westward journey.

On June 14, President Brigham Young, Heber C. Kimball, Parley P.

Pratt, and others with the advanced companies, arrived on the banks of the Missouri River, not far from -Otto Done

APRIL 1952 225 LATTERDAY SAINT SETTLEMENT AT WINTER QUARTERS forwhiletheiron thedancingplains, andbut allmerrimentof this (Continued from preceding page) meetings were held where the memwas done by commandment of the spirit of in prayer the Lord, and and of bers the sacrament partook and felt that the members Indians The it as was, thanksgiving. with Truly instructed. were dwelling wereof the Church who

old, before of the "dancing David for council used This house was intruders; their no lands wereon

spirit of true the in done Lord"and all purposes. general other Dances and their justified in felt theydoubt

all of that humility. our Would

it. All in entertainments were held least, in at in partmarauding, done

the spirit of retaliation, for the settlers amusements were opened and closed dancing and amusement entertainin could be conducted today ments by prayer. Winter Quarters It was at eating the wild game killing andwere

like spirit. better the much How President Young, Brigham where to build houses the treesand cutting

happier much would be, how revelaSaints a 14, 1847, received January lands. these Indian onand corrals are of these things many than when direction tion of encouragement and tried to restrain his peoChief Big Elk

ple, but they would not be controlled. for the members of the Church, to conducted in the spirit of the world.

President Brigham Young counseled govern them while on their journeys The Saints were told not to fear themembers of the Church to treat and encampments preparatory to the their enemies, for they were in the theIndians kindly but was forced settlement in the Salt Lake Valley. hands of the Lord. They were not

to build a stockade around Winter In this word of the Lord, directions to harbor feelings of revenge or hatred

Quarters as a protection against Inwere given as to the travels of the towards their enemies. The Saints

dian raids. Saints, their deportment on the way were to be tried in all things, and if

Knowing the need of keeping the and in their camps. They were they would bear chastisement, they

people busy, President Young astaught to be unselfish and helpful would be worthy of the kingdom of signed duties to all, keeping the minds to those who were less fortunate, the God. It was made known to them

of the Saints occupied and thus more widows and fatherless, and were why the Prophet and Patriarch had contented than if they had idle time given a promise of blessings if they to meet a violent death and have their said, shed. blood Lord "Many The faithful. remain would The original there course hands. Ofon their

of his because marveled (Joseph to ordered pioneer was go have company cattle to feed andwere and horses it needful death; Smith's) but was its captains with over in advancefields to cultivated preparatory to be

a harvest in the rapidly approaching hundreds, fifties, and tens. The memthat he should seal his testimony with

fall. A gristmill was built, as much bers were instructed and encouraged his blood, that he might be honored

to furnish employment as to be of to "praise the Lord with singing, and the wicked might be condemned."

need in the preparation of flour and with music, with dancing, and with (D. & C. 136:39.) The conclusion

other grains. President Young said prayer or praise and thanksgiving."of this counsel was: "Be diligent in

lest keeping all commandments, my to "call If sorrowful, the Lord"onif to use Saints not continue the did come upon you,... and their supplication, souls judgment that

it, to with could. According Indians the

Latterday Saint custom, this mill was might be joyful. Some thoughtless your enemies triumph over you. So

built with a condition of permanency persons have condemned the pioneers (Continued on page 281) although it was known that in a short time Winter Quarters would be abandoned. In addition to the building of houses and a gristmill, a council house was constructed suitable to

these primitive conditions, where council meetings, sacrament, and other meetings for the benefit of the settlers at Winter Quarters could be This plaque was erected held. We think today that we have by the Major Isaac Saddifficulties in housing two and someler Chapter, Daughters

times three wards in one meetingoftion,theinAmerican1931 at Revoluhistoric house, but these bishops, in Winter Winter Quarters, now

Quarters had no separate buildings Florence, Nebraska.

of even houses where two wards could meet with staggered time.

Such meetings as were held had to be in this council house or in the open. The duty of the bishops was

largely in caring for the members who were under their jurisdiction, temporally and spiritually Without tike convenience of separate places of worship. A condition of this kind

had prevailed in Nauvoo where many wards were ereated, but houses, of worship were riot provided. Notwithstanding this inconvenience, regular

226 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and take it up again. But when he appeared to the

Apostles in his risen body they were frightened, deeming him an apparition. "It is I, be not afraid,"said hey

"for a spirit hath not flesh and bones, as ye see me have."He wished to convince them that he had actually

come forth from the grave, and he succeeded in convincing them of that fact. One, however, was absent, and

The whenLord hadhe, Thomas,arisen andwashadtoldbeenby withhis brethrenthem, he thatreplied,the "I will not believe it, unless I can feel the prints of the nails in his hands, and thrust my hand into his wounded side."Now Thomas was one of the Twelve Special

Witnesses whose mission was to proclaim the resurrection of Christ, and these men had to know what they wereDOCTRINE preaching. They could not go out into the world and

say, "We believe Christ has risen from the dead; it is our

opinion that it is so; -peradventure it happened, as he

said it would."What kind of a message would that

of the have been to a waiting world, hungry for the words of eternal life? These men had to know, not merely believe,

and that is why he allowed them to hear his voice, and even to touch him, that they might be convinced beyond

RESURRECTION again—thishand,a doubt.feel ofAndtimeme, toandso,Thomas—heseewhenthat heit is said:condescendedI."Thomas,"Reach hithernoto longercomethy1 '

doubting, fell at his feet, exclaiming, "O Lord, my God!

The Savior then said: "Thomas, thou hast believed because thou has seen, but blessed are they who have

by Elder Orson F. Whitney believed and have not seen."(See Luke 24:3639; John

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE 20:2428.)

(April 9, 1906May 16, 1931)

(From The Improvement Era, April 1916)

Christ's resurrection was an astounding event. There

had been nothing like it upon this planet, though there had been upon other worlds; for this is not

the only one of God's creations. He had made many

earths before he made this one and had peopled and redeemed them. This earth was created for the children

of Adam and Eve, a portion of our Father's universal family; and here we undergo the experiences, often sad

and painful, that many have passed through upon other planets, and that many will pass through on planets yet to come; with the promise of eternal life, through

the merits of the Son of God, the only name given under heaven whereby such things can be.

These facts are so marvelous, so far beyond the commonplace happenings of human existence, that some people would fain do away with them. Men calling

themselves scientists or philosophers tell us that Christ was nothing more than a good and great man, a wise and wonderful teacher; that he did no miracles—did not

walk upon the water, did not feed the multitude with a few loaves and fishes, and did not come forth from the grave after his burial. We are asked to throw all

that away and substitute the vain theories of men for the great hope of eternal life, based upon the atonement of the Savior.

Jesus knew it was an astounding proposition—the

doctrine of the resurrection. He told his disciples before

the crucifixion that he had power to lay down his life—Camera Clix

APRIL 1952 227 The Mormon Pioneer MEMORIAL BRIDGE by Dr. H. L. Karrer, Chairman

NORTH OMAHA BRIDGE COMMISSION

modern and majestic bridge, pression it was impossible to secure investment bankers if they would be

same: yes, answers were the years All the fourteen more struction. For to commemorate Bridge MemorialA named the Mormon Pioneer the necessary financing for the coninterested in financing this project. the feasible; economically if it effort were continuous made pioneers there was a honor the Mormonand

and their descendants, is being by the citizens of North Omaha, and only way the commission could prove built across the mighty Missouri in 1950 the present organization was that it was economically feasible was

River at Florence, Nebraska. The able to function. This was the result to employ a firm of traffic engineers,

building of this bridge has been a of an act passed in 1946 by the Conwho made a long and thorough study.

dream of the citizens of this vicinity gress of the United States designated In approximately two months they for many years. At the present time, as the General Bridge Act, granting came up with a report that it was

the bridge is about halfcompleted. consent to public bodies such as economically feasible and would pay

The pioneers who crossed the river Douglas County, Nebraska, North off in approximately fifteen years.

at this site were a brave and fearless Omaha Bridge Commission, to conThen the commission was in a lot, having a firm belief in the right struct, maintain, and operate bridges, position to negotiate and enter into to worship their God in their own and build approaches to bridges over a contract with an investment bankway. They were willing to make navigable rivers in the United States. ing firm, Smith, Barney and Company

whatever sacrifices were necessary to Following this enactment, the state of New York City.

legislaenabling passed of Nebraska objective. theirobtain engineering firm had comThe of the creation the to accomplish tion is being built and will bridge its The and plans and specifications, pleted

grants Commission. The act County Bridge Douglas operatedbe by the contract the 1950, 19, December issue on to of the commission the right Commission. Bridge let.North Omaha bonds for the bridge was The

The commission is a public body and revenue bonds in the sum necessary and indenture and all negotiations building the for and the construction Nebraska. the state of The arm ofan commission completed. were The

are roads. bonds approach The is of of composedpresent commission of mind, frame a very happy was in

three members: Dr. H. L. Karrer, W. not a liability of any governmental feeling sure that all the hurdles had

F. Schollman, and L. Dale Matthews. subdivision such as state, county, or been negotiated, and the bridge was city but are solely an obligation

The first attempt to build this against the tolls derived from the assured. Then out of a clear sky

bridge was made in 1856, almost a bridge. came the blow that was almost fatal.

century ago, but in those early days A suit was filed in the courts against neither commission had This it did alleging that commission, the Florbetween there much rivalry was

All experience. it had nor sell to the authority bonds not have the money Nebraska, and Omaha,ence and

was the burning desire to succeed and build a bridge and its approaches.natural hardships, augmented by diswhere others in the past had failed. The suit was tried immediately. The cord and confusion, thwarted the

Their first step was to communicate attorneys spent many nights and days purpose. But the need for a bridge

at this site has ever been present. with various agencies concerned with preparing a defense and were sucThe initial idea did not die, and the building of the bridge, but they cessful in having the suit tried within

were somewhat handicapped. They a week. We were successful in the through the years it persisted in the and even an office, not no money, had plaintiff District Court, had but the leaders of the and the citizens minds

to concerning idea how no definite to the to appeal Supreme the right of part the community. of that No

united effort was started from 1856 proceed. The first contact was made Court, and the issue looked very dark

Snow, of Schmid, firm the and with attorneys our indeed. However, revived, until 1922, it was when again

as attoremployed Ford, were who the forced the suit was issue, and effort active concentrated and and a was made. The sponsors secured a neys. dismissed.

franchise from the Congress of the Next they consulted several firms The financing of the bridge was

United States to build the bridge, but of consulting engineers. Many weeks completed. Bonds in the amount of

it came to naught because of adverse and much time were spent interview- $3,450,000.00 were issued. They were

circumstances. ing the various firms of engineers, all sold within one and a half hours

In 1936 another franchise was seand a firm of national repute—Harafter being offered to the public.

cured from the Congress of the United rington and Cortelyou of Kansas While all this negotiation was going selected. on, the Korean War, sometimes called States. Again the sponsors went to City, Missouri—was

work, but due to the worldwide deThe next step was to ask the various the "police action,"started. Critical

228 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Within fifty feet of the exact spot where the Latterday Saints crossed the Missouri River, the Mormon Pioneer Memorial Bridge is being erected.

In the above painting Arnold Friberg pictures the structure from the Nebraska side.

materials became scarce, but the comonly sixtynine tons of steel for their faith in making their trek from mission secured a delivery order from own use to do necessary building and Nauvoe, Illinois, to an unmarked the government for steel on April 2, repairing of roads and bridges. But and untamed country, that all there

which was one of the earliest deall through our negotiations the varifelt there must have been divine livery order ratings given in the ous public bodies such as the federal, watchfulness and guidance over these

United States. Approximately 3800 state, county, and city governments men and women.

tons of steel were needed. The next lent us all the assistance that was As to choosing the site, it proved

problem was to get the steel mills within their power to give. We shall that the judgment of this group of

to accept the orders. Two thousand always appreciate what they did for Latterday Saint men and women was

tons of steel were accepted, leaving us. good then, as now. The bridge will

us a balance of 1800 tons to secure. In April 1951 the first piece of cross the river within fifty feet of

It was absolutely necessary for us to equipment was moved to the place the exact spot where the pioneers obtain the acceptance of this 1800 of construction. Work was begun. crossed it.

tons in the year 1951. If we were not The five miles of grading for the new At the present time, the abutments

successful, it would not be possible highway is now finished. The pavare in, and all fourteen piers are

to obtain allocation will another of steel ing 30. be completed by June completed. expect that by Wefor in that amount 1952. Mr. Schmid, 12, 1951, the groundMay On October, later or not than November

the attorney, and Dr. Karrer probreaking ceremonies took place. The 1, 1952, the bridge will be completed

ceeded to Washington. After a week governor of Iowa, William S. Beardsand ready for traffic. The commisof negotiations and conferring with ley; the governor of Nebraska, Val sion and the people of Omaha feel

the different department heads, these Peterson; the mayor of the city of that we have been greatly honored

gentlemen were able to obtain an Omaha, Glenn Cunningham, and by the Church of Jesus Christ ofacceptance of the order, except for various other public officials took part 102 tons of the required amount, in the ceremonies. Bishop LeGrand Latterday Saints in giving approval

which were to be secured in the first Richards, Presiding Bishop of the to name the structure the Mormon quarter of 1952. Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Pioneer Memorial Bridge, and one of

The state of Nebraska was very Saints, gave the main address at the our greatest desires is to have the cooperative. They issued an allocaceremonies. He painted so well the Church and its official representatives

tion for the required balance of the picture of sturdiness, faith, and untake a leading part at the dedication steel needed. This left the state with daunted courage of the people of his ceremonies.

APRIL 1952 229 every state of this broad land

Inof ours, a day is officially proclaimed each year for the planting of trees. It is significant jthat the

observance of Arbor Day originated in Nebraska, the most treeimpover- ished state of the Union. The year

was 1872. The man immediately

responsible for both the name and its nationwide observance was J. Sterling Morton, who later became U. S.

Secretary of Agriculture.

f Trees have always played a major role in the successful colonization of a new land, for there is never contentment at home nor community stabilization without them. Brigham

Young, one of the most successful colonizers of all time, realized this fact. It is significant that in the

pioneer trek of over a century ago some of these farsighted pioneers walked in order that seeds and even—Photo U. S. Forest Service

cuttings of trees might find a place in the beds of overburdened wagons.

How well our honored pioneers planned and labored for their own visualized comfortand our may be sylvan The Meaning of the try to imaginewhen we

Salt Lake Valley as it appeared one short century ago. It was a grassy

valley without trees except for water loving species such as cottonwoods,willows, and box elder confined to ARBOR DAY the stream banks. The lone juniper tree (or cedar) that grew near by Walter P. Cottam, Ph.D.

Third South and Sixth East streets,

HEAD OF DEPARTMENT OF BOTANY, UNIVERSITY OF UTAHSalt Lake City, stands today a genuine but lifeless tribute to a homeloving people who recognized the importance of trees in colonization. lie at the very root of our civilization many areas grown to shrubbery or

Today nearly 150 varieties of trees here in this desert land. supporting little vegetation at all cartotalling countless thousands—every All of us to a greater or lesser deried considerable amounts of accesone planted by the hand of man gree appreciate the value of trees in sible timber a century ago. Logging

form one vast assemblage of green our desert communities. Indeed, life from City Creek began before the

that makes this community one of here would be intolerable without main body of the pioneers reached the best shaded cities in all America. them, but few of us realize the imthis valley. By 1848 several sawmills

The institution of Arbor Day is portance of our native forests either were established near Salt Lake City, no accident, nor can the observance in the historical development of our and by 1853 there were a hundred or of it be attributed to the genius of state or in its economic and cultural more mills in various parts of Utah.

one man. In spirit, the admiration future. Mountain forests furnished many

and reverence of man for trees seems Utah is an arid land where deserts thousands of ties, for railroads exto have been born of the race. For occupy close to sixty percent of the panding into the west. From them

sustenance and shelter man for all total area. The remaining mouncame the telegraph poles that made

time has been dependent on the tainous terrains with elevations above instant communication with the forests and their products. For 5500 feet are sparsely and intermitworld possible. Charcoal was prospiritual rejuvenescence man, since tently timbered. In diaries, many duced for the smelting of ore, and

history's dawn, has sought solace and pioneers expressed regret and disapeven the carbon ingredients of gunstrength in the groves that were pointment over the scarcity of timber, powder came from our local willows.

"God's first temples."yet they undoubtedly found much From the wood of mountain mahogWe need to broaden the meaning more of it here in our mountains any and yellow pine the Salt Lake

of Arbor Day. The planting of trees, than is present today. Stumps on Tabernacle organ was constructed,

I believe, should be a ceremony that the rugged slopes of mountains adand from these and other refined servesvalues—economicmainly toandremindcultural—thatus of jacentearly settlementsto Salt LakeshowCityclearlyand otherthat woodsdrumsticksmusicalto flutesinstrumentswere made.from

230 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Rough and finished lumber necessary country could neither become great for the perpetuation of an organized for the construction of homes and nor remain so without a perpetuation human society must be extended to public buildings, including the of the many human values inherent our forests. For here, too, the perwooden pegs used to bind them toin abundant forests led to the general sonal liberties of a few citizens must

gether, came entirely from the local association of Arbor Day exercises often be curtailed if the many of us timber resource. with public school programs. The are to survive.

But with the advent of the railobjective of this day, therefore, is to In order to understand this fact, road the vast lumber resources of the foster, through public support, a nathe public must become informed of northwest soon made the exploitation tional, state, and community policy the multiple use of the forest lands.

of the scattered and limited timber that seeks to preserve and enrich for School children and adults alike must resource of Utah unprofitable for ourselves and our posterity the blesscome to realize that the first and milling purposes. To be sure, small, ings of a wellconserved forest area. most important use of the forests of

independent sawmills continue to Such a policy demands, first, a public Utah is in water conservation. This

supply rough lumber for home conenlightenment on what these blessis a use to which all others must ever sumption, but only a small percentings are, and second, a wellconceived be subservient. There is ample

age of Utah's annual lumber needs plan for forest management fortified scientific evidence that our dwindling are supplied by its forests. Indeed by genuine public concern and supwater supply as well as everincreas-

if all of the available timber was harport. ing floods are the direct result of

vested on a sustained yield basis, The administration and manageaccelerated soil erosion on watershed

Utah could supply barely half of her ment of our forest lands must ever be areas. The public must insist that

current lumber needs. intrusted to a welltrained, scientific such necessary rehabilitation measUtah could never have been colpersonnel. For a community of trees, ures be consummated regardless of

onized without its timber resource. like a community of human beings, minor inconveniences to minority

But despite the decline of the compresents problems of tree health, groups of our citizenry.

mercial use of timber, Utah could sanitation, growth, and development A second use of forest lands and not long endure the destruction of far beyond the power of the untrained one on which much of the financial will never wellbeing of Utah depends is theits forests. Why is this so we might layman to understand. We

well ask. The answer lies in the attain a healthful, wellpreserved forgrazing of livestock and wild animals.

simple and obvious fact that the est unless and until we as citizens The public can well serve this grazgreatest service of our timber areas to tender the same confidence and suping use of our forest areas through alertness -use to evidence of over the trained scientists to port an who conservation. in waterman is We

repreto our elected to by an appeal our watersheds and manage as we do for forget never that our watermust culinary purposes and for irrigation the trained staff that protects the sentatives for support of reseeding is dependent on a wellconserved physical wellbeing of our human and revegetation measures.

is forsoil of which trees and other vegetacommunities. When an epidemic A third use of forest lands

tion are the perennial guardians. threatens our city, there is no quiblumber and wood products. The

bling over the inconvenience of a public can serve this function by

Of the twentytwo percent of Utah few quarantined for the protection urging and supporting measures of land area lying above 7000 feet in of the general public. When the reforestation, and by insisting that

elevation and which constitutes the San Francisco earthquake unleashed forest cropping must be based strictly vital watershed source, less than ten fire that threatened the entire city, on a policy of sustained yield managepercent is forested. Practically all there was no hestitancy in dynamitment regardless of whether or not

of it has been heavily grazed since ing whole blocks of buildings for the land is privately or publicly settlement with dire consequences in the public good. This philosophy of owned. The potential forests that

soil loss. Heavily eroded soil loses "the greatest good, for the greatest lie cut and wasted on vendor lots

half its power of water absorption number, for the longest time"which in any city Christmas morning and water retention. Floods have

resulted—streams have run red with most of us assume to be necessary (Concluded on page 274)

silt—aquatic life has perished—and

our springs have dwindled in the volume of their discharge. With the

depletion of soil, fewer plants survive to buffer the eroding force of rain drops, and the vicious process of soil erosion becomes accelerated. Trees,

like human beings, deprived of their proper nutrition, fall victims to disease and insect depredations, and Utah forests today are in serious danger of impending destruction.

The basic idea back of that first

Arbor Day was the everexpanding need throughout America for the conservation and rehabilitation of our forests. The realization by forwardlooking citizens everywhere that our

APRIL 1952 231 than to go through life with no pleasure, nothing but pain and selfdenial."The piece of wood Omar

was carving snapped sharply in his powerful hands.

"Oh, Omar, please don't say such things. You frighten me. There are

things he is able to do which he enjoys. Why just today he carved a

little figure of a horse, almost as good as you can do, and he is strong, strong in character, Omar, because of his suffering. He has learned,

patience and kindness, and he has a way of understanding life and things which few adults have. He enjoys

life, I am sure, when the pain isn't too bad.""That's it,"her husband retorted, "when the pain isn't too bad! And

when is that? Hardly ever! Oh,

I know he doesn't complain, and he tries to keep cheerful; but I know

and you know what he goes through, and it isn't fair, Elana, it isn't fair that it should be this way!"

Rising abruptly, Omar thrust his hands deep into the pockets of his tunic and turned toward the house.

"I'm going down the road to see my friend, Enor. He has said the

Prophet Nephi is going to speak again tonight in the public square, and he has asked that I should go with him."

three For days there was total blackness. and there was no "I'm so happy, Omar, that you are

light kind. of any

going to hear the prophet. With so

much dissension and wickedness in

Omarquietlyand talkinghis wife,outsideElana, theirsat theyabandonedrushedplay.back Forgottenand forth werein theirhis theagainstlandtheandother,one wetribe doplottingneed

house. It was in the cool of the crippled legs, forgotten the wheel words of advice and admonition to

evening, and the gentle breeze from chair and crutches his father had show us the way."

the large oak tree was soothing and labored with such care to make for Omar turned, looking tenderly at refreshing after the heat of the day. him, forgotten everything but the his wife. "It may be late before I

The happy voices of children at play happiness and abandon of his friends return. You and the boy shouldn't

came merrily from the nearby hill, at play. be concerned for me but retire early

and Omar and Elana sat watching Back at the house, Omar glanced that you both may rest, and I will the children playing. Their glances over at his wife, and she hurriedly tell you the words of the prophet in

rested lovingly on the little figure busied herself with the sewing she the morning."

who sat in a wheelchair with his held in her lap so her husband might After Omar's departure, Elana sat crutches across his kness. This was not see the tears that welled so quickfor some time sewing the braid on

their son, Ezrom, slight of build with ly in her eyes. Omar's eyes, too, were her son's tunic. She always tried to

pale, serious face topped with blond, sad and his voice bitter as he spoke. find bright, cheerful colors with which

curly hair. It was the eyes, however, "Our son, too, should be playing with to trim the clothes he wore, and she

in the child's face which people rethe others instead of limping around was always rewarded by the happiness membered. They were enormous on crutches while they play. It isn't in his voice as she placed them before

brown eyes, and in them were fair that the sickness should leave him.

shadowed all the pain and suffering him crippled and weak while other "Oh, this color, look Mother Elana, he so patiently bore. All the denial children are straight and strong."so cheerful and bright, like the colors

of play and running and jumping "No, Omar,"his wife spoke gently, of the flowers growing on the hillthat other boys knew was pictured "you mustn't feel bitter. The Lord side!"At other times, "This one,

in their depths, but bravery and pawas good to us when he spared his Mother, is the one I choose, green, tience were mirrored there also. life."like the grass that grows so deep in

Now he sat watching the others as "What's good about it?"he spoke the meadows and makes our sheep

they played with each other, and he angrily. "Sometimes I think it would so fat. Green is a nice color. Somelaughed and shouted with them as have been better had he been taken times when out in the meadow I

232 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA crawl from my chair and lie face secretly belonged to this vicious order. inhabit and enjoy as long as they

down in the cool grass and pretend So powerful had this group become would remember him and keep his

I am straight and strong and can run that the people in the land had dicommandments. Now so many had

like the deer that graze on the hillvided into bands with leaders over forgotten this sacred promise that side. This is the color I choose this each group that they might protect they were rapidly outnumbering the

time."themselves from the cunning viciousrighteous and were plunging blindTenderly Elana put the last stitch ness of the Robbers. But even in ly into the dark well of unbelief and

in the tunic and carefully folded it. these very groups which sought to destruction.

She continued to sit and enjoy the protect themselves, many of their Elana's mother had told her as a coolness of the evening. How wonderleaders themselves had become wicked child of the great prophet Samuel,

ful it is, she mused, to be sitting in and treacherous and were flattered who had warned the people to reour own yard close to the house and won over to join with the Robpent and had told them it would

Omar has built so well. It would bers. Surely something must happen not be long before the Savior of the

last many, many years and be used to change this state of affairs or the world would be born, and it was to house many generations to follow country would perish from hunger: only five years after his warning when

after them. How grateful they should hunger for true brotherhood, honesty, the Christ child was born in the farbe for the fine sheep grazing in the integrity, and the word of the Lord. off country across the sea. At one

meadow nearby! They had taken Had their forefathers not been ditime for two days and a night, he

good care of these sheep, for the wool vinely guided over land and sea to said, there had been no darkness and made their clothes, and once or twice this fruitful land of lush grass and the sun shone brightly. The people

a year they killed one for the meat. towering mountains? Had not their here in the promised land had reYes, the Lord had been good to granaries been filled to overflowing joiced, and for a few years after

them. with rich golden grain, and were lived righteous, peaceful lives. It

Her eyes traveled beyond the their bins not bulging with fruits wasn't long, however, before the love meadow to the skyline of the distant and vegetables of all kinds? The of power and lust for gold crept into

city, and they clouded as she thought soft, rolling hills had given freely of their lives, and they soon drifted of the wickedness in that mighty city their rich deposits of gold, copper, back into wickedness. The Prophet

of Zarahemla. Throughout the land silver, and other precious ores. These Samuel had also predicted that this

a secret order had been growing metals had been refined and used to same Jesus would be crucified and rapidly. It was a wicked group of make implements for farming the would suffer three days and then

men who belonged to this order. They rich soil and to make steady and would be buried but would come

were selfish, deceitful men who murfirm the tall buildings rising in the forth from the tomb a resurrected dered for money and high position, cities. Now these same ores were being. During this time there would

who loved gold more than their own being used to make spears and other be no light throughout the land, and souls. These men were called the implements of war. Yes, their forethe sun and moon and stars would

Gadianton Robbers, and many who fathers had been given the promise cease to shine and there would be professed to be good, honest people, that this land would be theirs to (Continued on following page)

:::--;:: |;|||.r-s.;:;;:: gpsf

..."- "%WmSma,;...:,,

S->>!-:;S *:;"i:j->m:K:Wk5;:':o-;r.:: illBPlipIs

"Elana's mother had told her as a child of the great prophet, Samuel, who had warned the people to repent...."

APRIL 1952 233 THE OPENED DOOR (Continued from preceding page) earth trembled beneath their feet. Mother. I am only sorry our Savior

great storms, earthquakes, and cities It was getting so dark they could must suffer so and die for us."

and people would be destroyed. Soon scarcely see their little house. They Elana squeezed his hand gently,

after this, Christ was to come to this barely reached the door when torand there were tears in her eyes as land and teach the people. Many of rents of rain fell from the black she said softly, "Yes, dear, I, too, wish

the people had laughed at the clouds. Safe inside, she sat down to with all my heart he might be spared

prophet and sought to take his life, catch her breath. The tempest inthis terrible thing which has come

but the Lord had preserved him creased. Never had she heard the to him."

until he had accomplished his miswind shriek so loudly. Never had She rose to light a candle, but

sion. the rain come down in such torrents; the darkness was so thick and damp

Thirtythree years had passed the thunder was deafening! Could by now that the taper would not

since that memorable day, and the this be the prophecy coming true? burn, and she returned to sit by her

Prophet Nephi, a descendant of the Impulsively she reached out and took son.

Prophet Nephi who had left Jeruhold of her son's hand and held it "If only your father might find his salem over six hundred years ago and tightly. way home to us, I would not tremble

led his people to this land, went from "Don't be afraid, Mother. I am so. Surely he will be guided safely

city to city telling the inhabitants to all right, and I'm sure we will be home, for he is a good man, and we repent or great calamities would protected, no matter what happens. need him here by our side. We can't

come upon the earth and they would I won't ever be afraid as long as you tell what lies ahead the next few be destroyed. are with me."hours, and his very presence gives

How thankful I am, Elana thought, Elana looked at him wonderingly, me courage. I know we have been

that Omar and I have been taught a little startled that his thoughts had promised the righteous would be the gospel and to believe in the been the same as hers. So often spared, and we have tried to live

prophet's teachings. She and Omar when they were together with silence up to the teachings of the prophets,

I hear the noise of the windhad always had great faith and had between them and one or the other but when taught Ezrom to have faith also, broke that silence, they would both and thunder and the shaking of the and they believed that some day laugh joyously to find their minds earth, I cannot help feeling a little

Ezrom would be able to walk again. running in the same channels, frightened. Perhaps it is because I

Tonight had been the first time she pondering the same problems or realize more than ever how small and had ever seen Omar rebellious bemusing over some delightful experihelpless we humans are when the cause of his son's affliction. It was ence of the day. Now she looked elements are turned loose. All we

good that he had gone to hear the have is our trust in our Heavenly prophet. It would renew his faith Father, and Ezrom, this is the greatand trust in the Lord. est protection anyone could ask for."

"Yes, Mother,"he spoke quietly,

Elana started suddenly from her "and let us pray now to Heavenly thoughts as she heard a distant peal Father to bring Father Omar back to of thunder, and looking up she saw us safely."

huge, black clouds gathering in the It wasn't long before their prayers sky. Hurriedly she gathered up her were answered, for suddenly the door

sewing and started for the hill where was flung open and then quickly the children were scurrying homeclosed against the storm, and Omar ward before the rain started. called to them, his voice thick with

Ezrom had already started his chair anxiety. "Elana, Ezrom, are you

rolling toward her, and he called to safe?"

her as she came toward him. "I'm "Oh, Omar, you have come back

coming, Mother, as fast as I can!"to us!"Elana cried, and Omar,

Elana hurried faster. Reaching her questioningly at her son and spoke stumbling through the dark to them,

son she took hold of his chair to help with a quick intake of her breath. soon held both wife and son close in

him along. Loud peals of thunder "Then you, too, feel this is the time his arms.

came closer and lightning was like of which the prophets have warned "I thought I would never get here jagged teeth of flame across the sky. us?"fast enough to see if you were both

"I think if we hurry we can reach "Yes, Mother,"he replied, "I have safe, and now I am with you my the house before the rain starts,"she the strangest feeling as if I had lived heart is full of thankfulness. The

said. "It all came up so suddenly. through this very moment before, as Lord has been good to us this night,

One minute the sun was shining if I had been waiting all my life for and we must continue to have faith brightly and the sky was blue, and this to happen. All the things you that all will be well with us."

the next, the wind was blowing and and Father have taught me about Elana trembled in his arms. "Is

it was thundering and lightning."the Christ having to suffer for us this the time the prophets told us

"I know, Mother,"the boy replied. must now be coming true in that was coming, Omar?"

"I have never seen anything like it land across the sea. At this moment, "Yes, Elana. As soon as the storm

before."As he spoke there was a he must be suffering terribly so that commenced, Nephi told us to hurry

rumbling as if the whole mountain we will be saved, just as the Prophet to our homes, that this was the bewere caving in on them, and the Samuel has told us. I'm not afraid, (Continued on page 274)

234 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Genealogy—

Microfilming in Ireland and Wales

by James R. Cunningham

GENEALOGICAL CHAIRMAN OP THE BRITISH MISSION

taining indexes to wills and census General Registry, Custom House, returns were recorded on film. ConDublin. It is patterned after one

trary to usual opinion the census of kept at Somerset House, London, and

Ireland was not entirely lost. Alcharges for certificates are the same

though the original returns were as at Somerset House. Births and

burnt save a few fragments, a duplideaths and Catholic marriages were cate record has been in large part registered in Ireland from the year made up from copies in government 1864; Protestant marriages date from

offices which were scattered over the 1846.

country. Not all the desirable records in

In examining this material after it Ireland have been filmed. The valwas filmed, I found to my delight uable records kept by the "Society

what seems to be my grandmother's of Friends"of births, marriages, and family. More information was given deaths, from the beginning of that

in the 1851 census for Ireland than church in Ireland, were not made in the corresponding censuses in available to us. In the Church DonaEngland or Scotland. The date of tion and Bequest Office are seventy

Diamid Coffey marriage of parents and children is large volumes in alphabetical order, the Records, of Keeper Office, Public Dublin, Eire. given; also the names of members of containing wills granting bequests to Record

the family now alive but residing the church, with a full index of elsewhere. Under this last heading names, 18011920. We have been

WeBritishare stillMissionvery microfilmingbusy here in andthe manyica. Theare shownhouseholder,as residingtoo, inreportedAmerinvitedThe togovernmentfilm them whenof Northernconvenient.Irecarrying out research. all those belonging to the family land withheld permission for us to

The microfilming is now as comwho had died since the 1841 census, microfilm the parish registers which plete as possible in Ireland. June 5, giving the name, age, date of death, have been gathered into the Public

1951, marked the close of nineteen and cause of death of each. Record Office at Belfast. Neither

there. used workmonths The camera Presbyterian induce the we The will indexes are particularly could transin Ireland immediately was to allow Society us to Historical

abstract a brief helpful, of each giving to to Scotland, aidferred Edinburgh, its fine collection of nonof photograph will, place of death date the and returns of census filming andin the registers. parish conformist

etc. the testator, there. registersparish of material quantity was A small

Dublin Castle proved to be a mine The registry of deeds is unique, I copied in the Royal Irish Academy of genealogical information which is have been informed, being the foreand in Trinity College. We were

now safely on microfilm. Hundreds runner of the system of land and {Concluded on page 295)

of large volumes contained the proven property registration in the whole pedigrees of the leading Irish families world. Commencing in 1709 and

for three centuries, besides many running to date, all transfers of land, transcripts of parish registers, wills, bills of sales, wills, mortgages, etc.,

lists of papist nonconformists, church are recorded in very large volumes.

census returns, etc. Two indexes of names and places for

Themost valuable archives for these volumes have been prepared genealogists in Ireland are those of over the years, the indexes alone covthe Public Record Office and the ering two thousand five hundred

Registry of Deeds, both in Dublin, large volumes of one hundred and which records cover the whole of fifty pages each. Besides the name or

the place in the index is a referenceIreland—Eire—and what is now

called Northern Ireland. The Denumber, by which number the origpartment of Justice, realizing that inal deed can be located. We have

microfilming could have saved copies filmed the index, (17091851), but of the records from the disastrous not yet the great number of volumes fire of 1922 which destroyed the of deeds. A typed copy of any deed

"Four Courts of Dublin,"readily can be obtained at a cost of six pence gave its consent for its records to be for seventyfive words.

copied. Vital records of birth, marriage, Presenting film copies to J. W. Dobbs,

Several hundreds of volumes conand death may be obtained from the Registrar, Register of Deeds, Dublin, Eire.

APRIL 1952 235 Most numerous and broadestadest fe rivers in the world I—X

THE WORLD ofthe JAREDITES

by Hugh Nibley, Ph.D.

ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR, HISTORY AND RELIGION,

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

Part VIII

Dear Professor F. sary product of a society in which social ties may be easily broken. The

my insistent harping on central political history of the Jaredites clearIF Asia annoys you, let me remind ly betrays in all its aspects the ways you again that the Book of Ether of the "space people."

gives us no choice. It never lets us Jaredite history in the New World

forget that what the Jaredite kings was formally inaugurated by a gendid was a conscious imitation and eral assembly and census of the enbelled against his father, and came unbroken continuation of the ways tire nation (Ibid., 6:19), a thoroughand dwelt in the land of Heth,"

of "the ancients,"of "them of old,"ly Asiatic practice which goes back to drawing people away until he had on the other side of the water. This, the days of prehistoric hunters and gained half the kingdom. (Ibid., 8:2.)

incidentally, is another indication which lies at the root of all ancient His deposed father "... departed out

to regard the Jaredite notthat we are as political organization, I have of his demfamily, the land with and 180 place immediately as takingmigration articles. of onstrated traveled to in a number the reach days"many

after the flood, for the fall of the Strictly in accordance with the anplace where later the Nephites were tower saw the destruction of an ancient pattern, this assembly was the to be destroyed; from there he concient and established order. The occasion for the choosing of a king, tinued eastward until he reached the

Jaredites left their homeland driving and the establishment of a dynasty, sea (Ibid., 9:3), where he lived in

great herds of cattle before them in which as the brother of Jared clearly tents and was joined in time by other the immemorial Asiatic manner, and foresaw, could only lead straight to refugees from his distracted kingdom even if they had never been nomads the slough of Old World intrigue and (Ibid., 9:9), where civil war had rebefore, they certainly lived the life of turmoil from which the Jaredites had duced the population almost to zero

the steppes during those many years already been once delivered (Ibid.,—another Asiatic touch, as we shall

before they set sail (Ether 3:3); and 6:23.) He was right, for presently see. Years later, when the roval

when they embarked, they crammed one Corihor "... rebelled against his brothers Shared and Coriantumr

all they could of their beasts into father, and went over and dwelt in fought for the kingdom, the latter their small boats, "flocks and herds"the land of Nehor;... and drew beat his brother, "did pursue him to

and other beasts {Ibid., 6:4) and, away many people after him."(Ibid., the wilderness of Akish,"where the

upon reaching the New World, con- 7:4.) Then he went back to the two armies raided each other by

tinued to cultivate "all manner of land of Moron and captured his fanight and "did lay siege to the wildercattle, of oxen, and cows, and of ther but was subdued by his rightness,"until Coriantumr emerged vicsheep,"just as their ancestors had in eous brother Shule who achieved an tor, chased his brother's successor to the old country. (Ibid., 9:18.) Nothambition of every Asiatic monarch to the seashore, only to be beaten in

ing could be better calculated to keep "... spread his kingdom upon all turn and pursued back to the wilderthe Old World ways alive than those the face of the land."(Ibid., 7: ll.) 181 ness of Akish, taking "all the people

notoriously conservative secret soShule then gave his capable brother with him, as he fled before Lib...."

cieties which Ether always traces and erstwhile rival "power in his (Ibid., 14:15.) More battles and anback to "the oaths of the ancients"kingdom"(Ibid., 7:13), a surprising other pursuit to the coast (Ibid., 14:

and which at all times have exerted a but quite authentic touch, from which 26), thence to the waters of Riplianfatal attraction on the men of Asia. it appears that emirs shared in the cum, then southward to camp in

We have already noted that such immense task of ruling the empire, Ogath, then to the hill Ramah for secret abominations are the necesas in Asia. Shule's grandson "... rethe showdown.

236 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a

The most formidable deserts in the world

The highest mountains in the world k''/ - Mt. Everest

Conquests and migrations of INDIA Mongol Hordes, roughly indicated, to show immense length of yearly marches in Asia, compared with distances in North

America

This sampling should give a picthe army of Juji "was separated by Mongols when they left their famture of the peculiar warfare of the only about twelve hundred miles"ilies behind inaugurated a radical

Jaredites, a war of motion with no from the main body of Mongols. 1S3 change in steppe warfare, achieving

set frontiers, great armies sweeping That should give some idea of the a speed and mobility that quickly over the continent in flight or pursuit, distances covered by these hordes that paralyzed the slowermoving hordes making the most of space by continuwould winter in the plains of France or their rivals, who still observed the ally falling back on this or that or Hungary and make their summer oldfashioned custom of marching "wilderness,"setting up rival camps camps in the Altai or on the Onon with their families and household effor a period of a year or two, while River almost within sight of the fects. The Hyksos in the eighteenth

dissenting groups or individuals join North Pacific. It was not all flat century B.C., and the People of the

themselves to one army or another. plains, either, for the kings of the Sea five hundred years later were just

It is Asia all over again, and it calls steppes extended their rule time and such nations on the march—a devasfor a geographical note. again to China, India, Persia, Asia tating army, but an army carrying

The North American continent is Minor, Europe, and Siberia, which all their goods and families along a rough copy of the Asiatic, with meant regularly traversing some of with them as they sought new lands tundra and forest in the north giving the greatest deserts, highest mounto settle, "sweeping off the inhabiway to open grasslands, deserts, and tains, and widest rivers on earth. tants of the land, all who would not

finally tropical jungles in the south. The Asiatic state consists of two join with them,"exactly in the JaredThe main difference is that in Asia main elements, on the one hand a ite manner. (Ibid., 15:27.) 184 At all

everything is bigger: the forests and sedentary populace living in oases times among the people of the steppes

plains seem neverending, the deserts cities and bringing the arts, industry, "the nation and the army are one are wider, hotter and drier, the mounand agriculture to sometimes astonand the same; the lord of the clan

tains far higher and more forbidding, ishing peaks of perfection, and on the or rex becoming duke or vovoid"in the jungles deeper and more dangerother hand a migratory ruler, moving battle. 185 This is certainly the case

ous, the rivers wider and deeper. And at the head of his warlike host—with the Jaredites, whose kings are

yet these formidable barriers have tribal army of conquerors with his before everything leaders in the field, not prevented the rapid and ceaseown tribe and family as its nucleus and who go to battle "with their less marches and countermarches of ever marching from city to city and wives and their children—both men,

mighty armies in every age. One of from castle to castle over burning women, and children being armed

the earliest of Aryan texts is the wastes or freezing mountain passes with weapons of war, having shields prayer: "May we go smoothly along to overawe the world, stifle rebellion, and breastplates, and headplates, and

the roads, find good pathways in the and above all curtail the ambitions being clothed after the manner of mountains, run easily through the of any possible rival to world dominwar."(Ibid., 15:15.) The armor deforests, and cross happily the rivers!"182 ion. 183"This army is a moving nation, serves mention, since it is now known

During one campaign, we are told, with its wives and children—the (Continued on following page)

APRIL 1952 237

THE WORLD OF THE JAREDIIES

(Continued from preceding page) mal type of "city"was "more sugmads and yet build great cities is no that armor is another central Asiatic gestive of an ordolike tentcity than more contradictory than that they invention of great antiquity, bor- a town in the usual sense."187 In the should be both hunters and farmers

rowed in later times by Europe and lands that the Mongol conquers, he or both herdsmen and merchants at the Far East, but reaching a high builds Taj Mahals and Jehols, but in one and the same time. But from the

state of perfection on the steppes in his own lands the "winds clean up the first, men have preferred to practise prehistoric times. place which has been soiled, the pashunting, grazing, and farming in speSince the Jaredite kings with their tures which his flocks have cropped cial areas set aside for the purpose,

migratory armies were constantly on grow greener than ever, and Nature a custom duly observed by the Jarethe move in the best Asiatic manner, promptly repairs all the mischief he1*8 dites,189 as we have seen. (Ibid., 10:19is there any reason why they should has done to her clean orderliness."21. A study of the old Asiatic

not have covered Asiatic distances? And so "mighty nomad empires rose system will provide a ready explanaThen why all the fuss about Cumoand vanished into the unknown"tion for any apparent difficulties in

rah? From the Narrow Neck of Land without a trace. The thing to note locating Cumorah where the Book of

to New York state is a distance that is that in the Asiatic pattern: camp Mormon says it was.

staggers us, but for Juji or Timur it culture, that leaves no mark behind, The normal life of Asia is one of would be a milk run. Because we and city culture have been characterchaos, violence, and insecurity prothink of journeys in terms of hours istically sponsored by the same tribes duced by constant warring between

or days at the most we are liable to and rulers since the beginning of histhe tribes and rivalry among ambiforget that people who never stop tory. That people should live as notious men within them. From time

moving think of space not in terms to time a superman appears who, first of stages, time but of and that when control gaining complete of one tribe, depicting of Darius, Throne The among it stages, into is broken down crushes his neighbors one sitting things the other himself Darius upon ruthlessly longest route on earth becomes nethe throne. An inscription on the throne by one, forcing the survivors to make

reads: the representation of "Beholdgotiable even to the most primitive those common cause against him and form bear who and you shall know my throne,means of transportation—in a word, how great is the number of the lands a great coalition; a final showdown

distance is no object. A glance at the which Darius the King has seized."Comin which this coalition is either demap will show that the vast extent parethrone''this ofwithRiplakishthe "exceedingly(Ether 10:6)beautifuland stroyed or victorious in a great "battle

of territory covered by the Jaredites the oppressive means by which he got it. of the nations"decides the fate of the

is really rather moderate by Asiatic world for generations to come. If

standards. The Brigham Young Uni- /*= the great man wins, the world knows

versity expedition of 1900 actually a period of enforced peace and unity took teams and wagons from Provo under the absolute sway of one iron to Peru in a matter not of decades will. At any moment in his career

but of weeks. the world conqueror has to face one

When King Omer was overthrown particular rival, his most dangerous by his son Jared, he had to travel rival of the hour, against whom his "many days"before he was beyond whole attention is directed with pasthe reach of the usurper who had sionate personal hatred and dedicated seized a kingdom that was "spread fury. This can be shown from almost

upon all the face of the land."{Ibid., any page of the life of any wouldbe

9:3, 7:11.) In fact he fled as far as cosmocrat from Sargon to Hitler. It

he possibly could, from Central Ameris the leitmotif of Jaredite history as ica to the Great Lakes and New Engwell, which, whenever it becomes coland coast regions, which were to beherent, crystalizes about the person of come the classic hiding and fighting some dreadful but competent warrior grounds of the latest Jaredites. It is pitted against an equally alarming

here that we must seek the bones and rival. While "Coriantumr dwelt with

burial mounds of the Jaredites, but his army in the wilderness for the not their cities. Just as the great space of two years, in which he did

structures of the Mongols, among the receive strength to his army,"his opnoblest buildings on earth, are to be ponent Shared "also received strength found in the south and west, far to his army"through the operation from the primordial hunting and of "secret combinations."Later Corifighting grounds of the tribes, so the antumr pitched his tents by the hill

great monuments of Jaredite civilizaRamah and spent four years "gathertion abound in the lands of the south ing together the people."(Ibid., 15:

that they first settled rather than in 1114.) Just so, Genghiz Khan hid

the wilderness of the last great batout in the wilderness for two years tles. One of the strange paradoxes recruiting an army against his relaof history is that the nomads of the tive Wang Khan,190 who was doing the

steppes were perhaps the greatest same thing, and later devoted four builders of all time, though their nor- (Continued on page 258) 238 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE WORD LIVES ON (Frances Brentano. Doubleday & Co.,

N TIHI EjN &<Azstsie\& Inc.,pages.Garden$3.95.) City, New York. 1951. 355

nTHis collection of sixtyfour selections from popular and classical fiction

DRINKING AND WHAT TO ets of God—were called by the Most dealing with religion will provide in adDO ABOUT IT High and sustained by the Saints to dition to good reading, a springboard to

(William A. DeWitt. Grosset & Dundirect the activities of the Church and other writings that will provide addilap, Inc., New York, N. Y. 186 pages. kingdom of our Lord and Savior, Jesus tional hours of reading pleasure. The

$2.00.) Christ.—M. R. H. author has included, with biographical

A large number of books of recent material, some of the bestknown and the other than books accepted widely folly of point out the publication YEARS OF THOSE BORN in this excerpts has included which she alcoholic whether consumption by Burgess. (Perry Henry Holt & Co., New book. state. orindividual This mean, may pages. 1951. $4.00.) York. 307 will be particularly is it The collection let does, that America us hope

is much more than helpful to those who need concrete apawakening to the evil of intemperance. rpHis autobiography

In seven brief but comprehensive chapthe story of one man's life, for it is plication for their teaching.—M. C. /.

ters the problem is discussed, including his valiant battle against the dread the things to lessen the drink habit. disease leprosy. The author states in

that autobiography his foreword an useful very bibliography attached FAMILY SCRAPBOOKThe THE spirit of great in a undertaken be "must subject. of students thewill help The Press, Association Osborne. (Ernest G.

... has taken humility. work me My to all interbe can recommendedbook pages. 1951. $3.95.) York. 457 New Seas, mountains, the and Seven over subject. in A. theested J. W. indicates this in "P\r. book Osborne jungles. nose poked I have through my

earth. solve probevery that into country on almost approaches may OF ABRAHAMTHE BOOK dispositions even absorbing save the and has been most work lems—and BY DIVINE Mine FORTHBROUGHT sections, it attempt do, unity. is an major Thirteen because can family a manMEANS analyses, the of the the most pageby-page problems tragic, with make meet (Arch S. Reynolds, 80 West First North, to of helpful. the gallant most the neglected, the book particularly and Some most

Springville, the Published Utah. by

titles indicate will the usefulof face section the people on the earth—thoseauthor. $.50.) bound. 62 pages. Paper Beginof leprosy."book: victims Family are of ness the entire the who

has accumulated beenTn this pamphlet first his nings, assignments Young, of Very Are was that The They When One a great number of facts connected of raising funds to enable Dr. Wilfred Lively Period, Boys and Girls Together,

with the Book of Abraham which can Grenfell, the famed Labrador doctor, to Dads Are Necessary, Too, This Busibe easily found and used by students. carry on his work. GrenfelPs "passion to ness of Discipline, Parents and Children

It is an interesting contribution to preserve human dignity"is good to read Look at One Another, FamilyCentered literature of this remarkable book. about. Activities, Hints for Handy Home

—]. A. W. Fascinating as a novel, this book will Crafts. A complete index also inOUR LEADERS prove of lasting value because of the creases the usefulness of the book.(Compiled by Doyle L. Green. Deseret factual nature of the work done by Dr.—M. C. /.

Book Co., Salt Lake City. 1951. 122 Burgess and others to help these victims

pages. $1.00.) of leprosy.—M. C. /. MASTER PLAN U.S.A.

/\ur leaders, a small volume compiled (John Fischer. Harper & Bros., New

and arranged by Doyle L. Green, OVER A BAMBOO FENCE York. 1951. 253 pages. $3.00.)

managing editor of The Improvement (Margery Finn Brown. William Morrow

Era, is the outgrowth of the "Solemn & Co., New York. 1951. 239 pages. HpHis analysis of the foreign policy of

Assembly,"held on April 9, 1951, fol- $2.50.) the United States is one that delowing the death of President George 'HPhe author, an army officer's wife serves careful evaluation by all citizens

country. this the book Furthermore, refor theAlbert purpose of Smith, for lived in about two of Japan who

allies will great import for the have Firstorganizing Presidency the and are states three there years, that Japans:

sustaining Elder Joseph Fielding Smith "The old Japan which is far from dead, of the United States as well as for those to preside over the Council of the the future Japan which is anybody's who are opposed to United States'

Twelve. guess, and occupied Japan...."Moreideology. The section headings will

The book is arranged in four sections, over, the author states, "We have an indicate in large measure the pattern the first dealing with President David opportunity to make eighty million for the book as well as its development:

O. McKay, the second with President friends on the other side of the world. The Planners and their Plan, the Master

Stephen L Richards, the third with We can't afford to be apathetic."FundaPlan in Action, Forecast. Mr. Fischer,

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., and the mentally, in spite of different cultures, who has studied world politics, has an

fourth with President Joseph Fielding ideals, and geography, Japanese and insight into this problem that cannot

Smith. In each of these sections there Americans want the same things: food, afford to be overlooked. It is a serious

appears a page or more of quotations shelter, and opportunity for happiness. book by a serious, qualified author who

from the sermons of the respective presMrs. Brown points out differences as would like an informed public. The

idents and a brief biographical sketch, well as indicating points of comparison. author concludes his analysis by stating,

followed by his "Solemn Assembly Some needs in Japan could easily be "Soviet dictatorship remains enormously address."met by understanding people. powerful and menacing. Its challenge

This volume is worthy to be in the The book indicates the difficulties may well test the courage and endurlibraries of all Latterday Saints to reof occupation and fundamental differance of the Western world to the utterlimits. justice the course most Both and us great occasion of the in points the encesmind when of view Genuine on life.

..."side, are of history however. on our Firstpresent Presidency President bridge however, and understanding the may,

Joseph Fielding Smith—beloved prophgaps that are now so apparent.—M. C. /.—M. C. /.

APRIL 1952 239 Miriam stalked up the steep path, her full water jar balanced on her gray head. At a turn just

above the well she stopped, listening to the women below.

"Miriam's sullen again. Did you

hear her snap when I asked for her date bread recipe? 'I cannot give

away a secret recipe traditional in my Jerusalem family!'"mimicked the

old midwife of Emmaus. "What's her

family more than mine? All of us

Jews are under the Roman curse!"

"Cleopas neglects her to burrow through the musty scrolls of the prophets,"Miriam heard another say; "they say he has a scroll of the

prophets up his tunic sleeve when he goes to pasture sheep! No wonder

she neglects his house! And what a

mess it is!"

"Well, who's happy married to a mole or a heavywitted bear?"piped

the old woman and cackled, "some day she'll poison his pottage."

Miriam hurried past Cleopas, who was slouched on the terrace, a parchment roll spread over his knees, deaf to the bleats of sheep not yet led to pasture. In her limestone hut she

slammed the jar down, laughing at the startled outcry of Cleopas. Then she dropped to the floor, leaned on SUPPER GUEST

her kneading trough and sobbed aloud, "I hate those old musty by Janie Rhyne scro lis!"Cleopas clumped in, paid no atSuddenly she heard children's ing their women ignorant during tention to her tears, but ordered, laughter. Swinging up the winding conversation. Yet Miriam, clearing

"Make ready a good supper; we are path thronged by neighborhood chilup the table while the men strolled

to have a guest,"then went out. dren came a sturdy young man. He over the meadow, as she went over

Her spirits brightened as she loosed one hand from the hold of a his stories, found rich, hidden kernels worked. A guest would be nice, little girl, snipped a wayside lily, of truth, strong food for hope. They

even if Cleopas, as usual, should stooped to let each child see its were the very bread of life!

plop his great paw down to hold beauty, held it to the nose of the She felt so gloriously alive she must every argument. A guest would be tiniest tot, then playfully tucked it in hurry out to him to miss not a min-

a change. She dashed out, plucked her curls. At the door he waved the ute more of his stay!

her husband's sleeve with her floured children away, stood with his head He was merry as a boy; and

fingers, asking, "Tell me, who is our almost touching the lintel, his strong Cleopas'stocky figure shook with guest to be?"features radiant. He smiled as he mirth as they watched a lamb frisk-

"A young teacher from Galilee made his own introduction; and by ing. But after she joined them and

visiting his cousins by the Jordan. Go the time Cleopas came to begin a the talk sobered to the best methods

in and don't disturb me again. I lengthy ceremonial of greeting, she of sheep raising, the teacher suddenmust finish this roll and get it back already knew their guest! ly broke off and said in tones that

to the priest so he will lend me anWhen the meal began, he broke a shook with conviction: "I am the

other."loaf of datealmond bread and gave good shepherd; the good shepherd

She went in humming. A young thanks. He ate heartily; again and giveth his life for his sheep."Miriam

man from Galilee; he could tell her again he broke a warm fragrant loaf, could not understand.

how things went in that province spread it with curd and praised its When he had gone and they went where her five sons had scattered goodness. All aglow, Miriam had in, their dark hut seemed to glow.

with their families. him repeat three times after her the Cleopas dropped his hand on

The room took on cheer; she filled recipe he must take back to his mother Miriam's shoulder, looked deep into

a bowl with drooping almond plumes in Nazareth. His tales rippled through her eyes. His voice was husky:

and set it on the rude table. She the hour like pleasant music. There "His words are so wonderful Miriam.

sighed with relief to see Cleopas busy was none of the ponderous talk that Could he be-—oh, how Israel needs

clearing the dooryard of rubbish. Cleopas and his friends used, keepthe Messiah our prophets have fore240 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

told!"Then she understood, and he finally came to bed, she slipped ing mass of humanity surging toward

with shame, the selfless yearning that back, pulled the roll from where he the temple in Jerusalem.

had kept him poring over the scrolls! had hidden it above the low rafters. "Hosanna! Hosanna!"the crowd

In the weeks that followed, to There were marks left by his pudgy clamored.

think of the teacher was to have, fingers near the line: "As a sheep "Who is it? What is it?"Miriam

within, a fountain of joy and strength. before his shearers is dumb, so he screamed at the man nearest her.

Her work was a delight. Fellowship openeth not his mouth.""The Teacher. See him on the

with the simple neighbors seemed Only one other time that winter white ass? Shout, daughter of Israel,

natural and good; she shared her did he mention the Master's name. shout, 'Hosanna to the Son of

housewifely lore with them, even the "They say in Jerusalem that only David!'"She shouted herself hoarse,

recipe she'd let become a fetish. "It Nicodemus of all the rulers believes even while something deep inside her

is the bread the Master enjoyed,"in him. He angers the priests by shouted, "This is a fickle mob!"In the

she would say proudly; and Cleopas healing on the Sabbath."uproar she could single out the deep

often added, "My wife's bread is the Miriam exploded: "Tell me, do the bass of Cleopas. He leaped up and

best in all Judea."sick and the dead mind his saving down, clapped his hands, and yelled

The two shared chores all day, them on the Sabbath?"So the old as if the very strength of his cries

and their place took on an air of wall of silence rose between them. could push the Teacher to a throne.

prosperity. Twilights they would sit Many a night, while Cleopas slept, More and more voices yelled, more

in the doorway, his heavy arm about she would cry aloud, "If he could and more bodies packed and pushed.

her, as they studied the scrolls. One just come for one more meal with us, Outside the temple Miriam, tiptoeing,

balmy summer evening, he let her everything would be all right again!"saw the Teacher disappear within. A

make up his mind. She rolled up Questioning neighbors from time few minutes later, she wrung her

the scroll, laid it aside. "Take it back to time, she learned how Jesus'folhands to see the oxen stampeding out

to the priest tomorrow,"she said. lowers fell away; how he had almost of the great gates, lashed by a whip

"The shearing has long been done; been stoned; how the Pharisees sent in his hand; to see the maddened

the young lambs are hardy now. We spies to trick him. She was frantic. moneychangers stumble out the imwill go to visit our sons; and we'll What little sleep she got was terrible posing doorway, lashed by his ringfollow the teacher about until his with nightmares. In them he became ing shout: "You have made my

words satisfy our question."confused with her own sons in Father's house a den of thieves!"

They were gone for weeks, and identity. Her very own were in She must wedge her way to him!

many of the Emmaus folk were with desperate danger and she was helpBut trying, she was trampled down.

them. When they came home, less! She determined that this PassThrough every day of Passover

Miriam hurried to the well, found over nothing should keep her from week she felt that people and events the old busybody midwife. "You Jerusalem. She would find him there, were being shoved toward the brink

must know the good news,"she bring him home, and hide him until of doom by a force none dared resist.

jubilated. "He heals the sick; thouthe anger of the priests and elders At night she inquired from door to

sands follow him; he fed thousands burned out. Who would look for door, "Where does the Teacher

from the few barley loaves I had him in outof-theway Emmaus? dwell?"She pushed her way into

put into my little grandson's lunch She said nothing of her purpose every crowd, straining to see if he basket! But, oh, best of all, he held to Cleopas; not even on the journey, were there.

our grandchildren on his knees, and which they took moodily alone. They The day before the Sabbath she

he blessed them! Think of it, he had gone as far as Bethany with found herself among the mob by the

must be the very Messiah! And my hardly a word. There they were road to Calvary. Roman soldiers

son's sons have his blessing!"caught up in a sea of excitement, a urged him on as he fainted beneath

A man near the well answered: crowd that swept them apart, a yellhis cross.

"We must have him come here soon!""Weep not for me, daughters of

"I'll give him lodging,"the old Jerusalem,"he said; and his pitying

midwife said, hesitantly. eyes met Miriam's. She stretched

Miriam answered, "He will be our her arms toward him, crying, "I guest!"came to take you home with me!"

Then, helpless as a clod, she '"Then winter set in. Shut up long watched him climb his way to

evenings with Cleopas, Miriam Calvary.

was smothered again with his old Tt was midmorning of the first day moroseness. She dragged the reason of the week. In the throng that

from him: "I cannot understand the \Aa-0 swarmed out of Jerusalem's upper

word people bring of the teacher. He gate, Cleopas urged forward his wife,

hides from the crowds that would now suddenly old and shriveled and king!"himmake soldier past Brushing weak. a Roman

day spear, One he went to Jerusalem and - vuWv, he hurried gleaming with a returned, saying nothing about the her roughly into the lonely Emmaus bulge she saw in his tunic sleeve. That road.

night she peeped at him, down in the They dragged along wearily for lower room near the donkey stall, hours. By late afternoon a sense of

miserably bowed over a scroll. When (Continued on page 280)

APRIL 1952 241 SPIRITUALITY and

those who worship God justiYe have heard that it hath been said, for tqoth: eye, tooth for eye a and a an Are taking An fied war—in

I resist you, ye not say unto But That L battlehuman in goinglife—into building evil: shall smite thee thy whosoever but on

ships, guns, and atomic bombs? right cheek, turn to him the other also.

What should be the attitude of the (Ibid., 5:3839.)

Church in time of war?

Will the righteous be protected on There are those among the Christhe field of battle? tians who consider these passages as

Do nations, humbled by the ravconstituting the whole law. Most

ages of war, turn to God? prominent among these is a group

Why, if God exists, does he not whose position in regard to war has stop war and destruction among his children?

These questions face us almost III daily and are calling forth confused answers. The Book of Mormon

speaks on current War is an Evil problems Most men will agree that war is an evil because the business of those engaged in war is to kill the enemy and destroy his property. War is become so wellestablished that many

considered evil because it arouses countries respect their point of view hatred, promotes greed, and destroys and, in time of war, appoint their spirituality. There are, however, conscripted young men to tasks other

voices raised here and there in dethan the manipulation of weapons fense of war. The arguments put of destruction. Others have refused

forth are the ageold arguments that to support war in any capacity. Such

wars make a nation virulent, keep views are in direct contrast to that the population of the earth in check, of another sect who has justified wars and provide the incentive for new so long as the leader directs his subinventions which in turn bless manjects to fight them. Historically,

kind. some religious leaders have called

upon Christians to fight for the Holy

Christian Confusion Land and have even directed princes of Europe to war upon their neighBecause certain passages of scripbors, where the neighboring kingture, taken by themselves, seem to doms became rebellious. Others have

condemn all who take up the sword, supported what are called "just wars."

socalled Christians in general have Most churches have abhorred war, many problems in time of war. but in time of conflict have given

"Thou shalt not kill,"declared the support along lines of economic or

Lord on Mt. Sinai. (Exodus 20:13.) national interest. Churches have

Again, we hear the words of the often divided in time of war. Such

Savior to Peter, "... Put up again a division occurred in the United

thy sword into his place: for all they States during the Civil War. A

that take the sword shall perish with typical example of Protestant conthe sword."(Matt. 26:52.) fusion on the issue of war is shown

To the twelve disciples the Lord in the report of the Oxford Confertaught, ence of 1942. Although the question

of what position the socalled ChrisYe have heard that it was said by them tian churches should take in the ragof old time, Thou shalt not kill; and whoing world war came up for prolonged

soever shall kill shall be in danger of the discussion, no unanimity of opinion -Salt Lake Tribune Photo judgment: was reached, and the delegates went

unto whosoever say you, That But I is home with the injunction, "Support his brother without angry a cause with shall be in danger of the judgment:... your respective countries,"and they

(Ibid., 5:2122.) might have added, "right or wrong."

242 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA by William E. Berrett

ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR OF RELIGIOUS EDUCATION,

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITYARMED CONFLICT

The Book of Mormon Speaks raandments ye shall prosper in the land. And Moroni was a strong and a mighty

(Jarom 1:8-9.) man; he was a man of a perfect understandIn the midst of this Christian coning; yea, a man that did not delight in

fusion the Book of Mormon speaks The great general, Moroni, himself bloodshed; a man whose soul did joy in the

with a clarion voice. And the voice a mighty man of God, seeing the Lalibertyand his andbrethrenthe freedomfrom bondageof his andcountry,slavis that of servants of the Most High. manites preparing for war, hastened ery;...

The Nephite prophets, like all prophto prepare his own people for the Yea, and he was a man who was firm ets of God, condemned war and defense of their liberties. in the faith of Christ, and he had sworn

valiantly sought peace. Nevertheless, with an oath to defend his people, his

rights, his his religion, country, and and it to pass that came while Now liberty prized even prophets these loss (Ibid., of his blood. the to 48:11, even thus had obtaining been power life to fight to Amalickiah ready above and were 13.) deceit, fraud by other and the Moroni, on

it. preserve hand, been preparing the of had the minds

Notwithstanding the horrors and people to be faithful unto the Lord their Prophets Fight to Protect Life, evils of war and the beauty of peace, God. Liberty, and Property

Yea, had he strengthening been the life in is a greater purpose there believed that the Nephites That of armies the Nephites, erecting small and peaceful. Life remaining merely than if necesexpected them to fight forts, of or places resort; throwing up God

calls for growth of the soul. Opporbanks of earth round about to en dose his sary to preserve their life and liberty

tunities for growth arise only where armies, and also building walls of stone is shown by the following comment to encircle about, their round them about free his his freedom, man retains of Mormon:

cities of borders their and the lands; yea, to live, work, his right agency, and

all land. about round the inspired Nevertheless, the Nephites were dictates to the according worship their in fortifications weakest And he for fighting better cause, they not were a by for retain conscience. his of To own did the place greater and number of men; for were but they nor power monarchy

fortify thus did he free this strengthen and the land agency, without which man liberties, their their for fighting and homes progress is impossible, God rejected which was possessed by the Nephites. their wives and their children, and their

thus he to preparing And support was his plan Lucifer and liberty, for man on the their their lands, their wives, and church.all, yea, for their rites of worship and their 4:3.) earth. (See Moses their children, their peace, and that and

they might live unto the Lord their God, And they were doing that which they felt their the to they duty which was owed they and that maintain might that which Preparation Often Prevents War for said the them, unto Lord had God; called was of the their enemies by cause

The Nephite people with the sancChristians. (Alma 48:7-10.) asandyealsoareuntonot theirguiltyfathers,of thethat:firstInasmuchoffense,

of their aid the direct tion and often walls, arms, prepared prophets and It is well to note what Mormon neitherselves tothebesecond,slain yeby shallthe nothandssufferof youryour towers for the defense of their cities. writes of this great general, after enemies.

whom he named his own son: (Continued on following page) Thus we read:

And I, Nephi, did take the sword of

Laban, and after the manner of it did make many swords, lest by any means the people who were now called Lamanites should come upon us and destroy us; for I knew

their hatred towards me and my children and those who were called my people.

(II Nephi 5:14.)

Jarom also believed in preparedness for war, for he wrote:

And we multiplied exceedingly, and spread upon the face of the land, and became exceeding rich in gold, and in silver, and in precious things, and in fine workmanship of wood, in buildings, and in machinery, and also in iron and copper, and brass and steel, making all manner of tools of every kind to till the ground, and weapons of war—yea, the sharp

pointed arrow, and the quiver, and the dart, and the javelin, and all preparations for war.

And thus being prepared to meet the

Lamanites, they did not prosper against us. But the word of the Lord was verified,

which he spake unto our fathers, saying that: Inasmuch as ye will keep my com-

* (See page 296 for note on author)—Harold M. Lambert Photo

APRIL 1952 243 SPIRITUALITY AND ARMED CONFLICT (Continued from preceding page) Now the Nephites were taught to dein battle by the Spirit of the Lord,

And again, the Lord has said that: Ye fend themselves against their enemies, even which informs him of the movements

if it the to of blood shedding were necesshall bloodyour families defend even unto sary; taught yea, never of the enemy. were also and theyshed. for this the Therefore cause were

Nephites contending with the Lamanites, to give an offense, yea, and never to raise to defend themselves, and their families, the sword except it were against an enemy, The Righteous May Be Slain in and their lands, their country, and their except it were to preserve their lives. Battle

rights, and their religion. (Ibid., 43:4547.) And this was their faith, that by so doing

God would prosper them in the land, or In a remarkable letter to Pahoran,

The Prophet Alma armed his peoin other words, if they were faithful in governor of the Nephite lands, the ple and personally led them in a civil keeping the commandments of God that prophetgeneral, Moroni, gives anto a question every soldier'swar against a wicked king who had warnhe wouldthemprosperto flee, themor to inpreparethe land;for war,yea, swer

seized the throne. Of one of the according to their danger. (Ibid., 48:1415.) mother is asking: "Will God permit

battles we read: a righteous boy to be slain on the

The method by which God aided field of battle?"Some of the Nephite

to pass fought it came that Alma And the righteous in their battles is most parents must have been asking the face; face to the sword, Amlici withwith

and they did contend mightily, one with interesting: same question, for in his letter Moroni

another. says:

And it came to pass that Alma, being a man of God, being exercised with much Do ye suppose that, because so many of faith, cried, saying: O Lord, have mercy your brethren have been killed it is because

and spare my life, that I may be an inof their wickedness? I say unto you, if ye

strument in thy hands to save and preserve have supposed this ye have supposed in this people. vain; for I say unto you, there are many

fallen have by the sword; and behold who said these words had when Alma Now

it is condemnation; to your again Amlici; withhe contended he and

was strengthened, insomuch that he slew For the Lord suffereth the righteous to

Amlici with the sword. (Ibid., 2:2931.) be slain that his justice and judgment may

come upon the wicked; therefore, ye need

lost are that the righteous suppose The Nephite missionary Ammon not are slain; they but behold, they because

did not hesitate to defend property do enter into the rest of the Lord their entrusted to his care even though God. (Ibid., 60:1213.)

such defense resulted in the shedding of the blood of those who attacked Moroni did not expect God's help him. (See Ibid., 17:2539.) unless his people should become diliThe Nephite governor, Pahoran, in gent in their own cause.

a letter to the great General Moroni, And now behold, I say unto you, I fear justifies of the shedding blood by of will that the exceedingly judgments God it also, that would And make God known this of their people, because in upon thesewarfare words: to come they whither unto them should go

slothfulness, slothyea, exceeding the even their defend against themselves enemies, exof their fulness our government, and behold, will now, wickedAnd we so doing, deliver the by and would Lord their neglect brethren, great ceeding towardsness bloodshed. unto not even would Weresist this of faith the them; and was Moroni,

slain. yea, those towards have been who of theshed blood the if they Lamanites it; his did heart in glory in the and not

(Ibid., 60:14.) in their stay land.would own of shedding in in blood doing good, but

We would not shed the blood of our preserving his people, yea, in keeping the brethren if they would not rise up in commandments of God, yea, and resisting God Will Not Take Away Mans rebellion and take the sword against us. iniquity. Free Agency

to subject ourselves would the yoke We I verily, verily Yea, you, say unto if all As the blood and carnage of battle ifof requisite bondage it were with been, were, had and and ever would the men justice of God, or if he should command be, like unto Moroni, behold, the very spread across the earth, there are us so to do. of hell powers shaken would been have always those who are ready to deny

forever; devil yea, the behold But never have would he doth not command us

that we shall subject ourselves to our enepower over the hearts of the children of a God who will not put an end to mies, but that we should put our trust in men. (Ibid., 48:1617.) such brutality and slaughter. Why

him, and he will deliver us.

Therefore, my beloved brother, Moroni, That God did not condemn his does a just God permit the innocent evil,let us resist evil whatsoever and we prophets for taking up the sword in to be slain?

resistcannot our words, yea, as with such rebellions and dissensions, let us resist defense of life and liberty is shown Again the Book of Mormon gives them with our swords, that we may retain by the fact that he did not withdraw answer. God will not take away from

thatour freedom, free in the their agency. we may rejoice men Men may

privilegegreat church, in of our the his Spirit from them. Nephi received and free their abuse agency. They may

cause of our Redeemer and our God. (Ibid., remarkable visions and visitations by in its exercise become carnal, sensual,

61:1014.) angels after slaying the wicked King and devilish. They may make war

God helps the Righteous in Their Laban. Alma is visited by an angel on their neighbors and put the innoBattles not long after killing Amlici in battle. cent to death, but interfere with that

purpose of agency and the whole is full of the Spirit both free The Nephites were taught that God Ammon life is frustrated, and progress would prosper them in battles fought during and after his battle with the ended. The law is set forth in plainis

in selfdefense: Lamanite bandits. Moroni is directed continued on page 271)

244 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Farrell R. Collett

"I told you young ones not to come sneakin'up and scare you forget it. The supper's at six,

the daylights out of a person like that. I got a weak heart!"and the committee'll want it. I got

to go over to Mis'Bigsby's. She's

had another spell. Beats all how some

people are so stubborn they will live alone when they're eightyfive—and

got children, too!"

Uncle scraped his hoe around a Apple Pie in April few more green tips as the door slammed again. Funny, he thought,

the way you could keep track of by Frances Stockwell Lovell people by doors slamming. Every

door had a different slam. Aunt

thin sunshine of an April grown up yet, and when those young was always slamming, doors. The

kitchen door slammed short andTheafternoon sifted down upon the asones up the street come visitin'around paragus bed where Uncle bent his here, you get into trouble!"sharp like Aunt herself, but the front

stiff knees to the spring job of hoeing Uncle sighed gently and looked door was heavy and decorous and around the new green shoots. His up at the swollen branches of the shut with a slow, funereal air. It

trousers bagged at the knees when he old tree. was only used for the special visitors.

stood up from time to time to ease "Got another year of life in you, The pantry door had a soft, swishing his back under the old suit coat that too,"he mused. "Always think come sound like all the good things inside,

Aunty made him wear in the garden. spring, you'll have to go for fireand the dining room door always

It was his best coat ten years back. wood!"slapped shut into the kitchen as if

He straightened up at the end of He could hear Prince pawing the to tell company not to come snoopthe row and leaned his hoe against floor in his stall, feeling the spring in ing around out there! And the parlor

the Blue Pearmain tree beside the his withers. door sounded just like the hairhouse next door. He raised his old Prince, going on fourteen springs, wreath on the parlor wall looked.

felt hat, worn to the shape of his was getting as stiff in the knees as Aunt, her clothes changed, came head and that used to be his best Uncle. Not even the fire horses out the kitchen door with a basket

one when he worked at the express next door could instil energy into on her arm. Uncle listened to the

office, and scratched the thin place Prince, now. smart sound of her feet fading away

on top. He smoothed back his The kitchen door slammed, and down the street. He chopped steadmustache and took a look at the Aunt stood on the porch, untying her ily at the witch grass; this row was

April sky that already had a warmapron in jerky stabs that meant she almost done.

ish look as if the snows of winter was going somewhere in a hurry. "Hello, Uncle!"

were slowly dissolving up there. He Her face was flushed from the wood He jumped and chopped off a

noticed the buds on the old apple fire and her blonde, graying hair whole hoeful of green tips. He swung

tree. He felt a quickening in his hung in hot wisps from her amber around belligerently to face two chilbones as though something exciting side combs. dren grinning like leprechauns. The

would happen today! "I left that apple pie on the kitchen older one carried a large, fancily

"That's the trouble with you,"table,"she called. "You better take wrapped package in her arms.

Aunt would have said. "You've not it up to the church right off before {Continued on following page)

APRIL 1952 245 APPLE PIE IN APRIL (Continued from preceding page) bound, munching Russet apples that stall. She shoved the cake plate at

"I told you young ones not to Uncle found in the barrel at the Uncle.

come sneakin'up and scare the dayfoot of the cellar stairs, clean up to "I most forgot it,"she said.

lights out of a person like that. I spring. "I got to change my clothes,"

got a weak heart!""I got to go up to the meetinghouse Uncle said. "And don't you kids

"You ain't, either, Uncle! Auntie and bring a pie for the supper toget too near Prince. And don't

says it's all in your head."Beth, the night. You young'uns want to walk let me forget that pie! Guess Aunt

gangling young lady whose short up with me?"would want me to wear my second

honeycolored hair stood out like a Beth's nose quivered like that of best,"he added to himself.

stiff brush, hugged her package and a foal when it hears its dam whicker. Prince was backed into the shafts

smiled at him. Her long legs, ungainly as a colt's, while Beth and Eddie sat like

"How'd my heart be in my head, encased in long black stockings, maharajas above him, the plaid robe

Td like to know?"Uncle scraped skipped beside Uncle, as he turned over their knees. Uncle hurried,

jerkily. "Your mother know you're toward the'house, like two animated for as Beth said, you never could

here?"exclamation points. Eddie's short, tell what ideas Aunt might have

"She sent us,"piped the small fat ones struggled to keep up with about taking Prince out just to go boy. "We brought the cake plate them. around the corner to the church.

back.""Uncle,"Beth's voice was choked Uncle climbed in the buggy, took

"Hm."Uncle growled. "Looks like with excitement. She snapped the the reins, clucked sharply to Prince,

a present or something, to me."rubber band of her hat beneath her and they backed down the ramp into

"That's what Mama said!"Beth chin with trembling fingers, "can't the yard. In the April sunshine,

cried. "She said folks ain't got much you drive up to the church? I bet spring danced in the eyes of all three,

respect for people that borrow all the Prince hasn't been exercised for days. and Prince tossed his head like a

time, but a present's different. Every- I saw Auntie going to Mis'Bigsby's,"twoyear-old. Uncle held up his

one'll think it's a present."she added. head to the wind, and his mustache

"You didn't borrow it; Aunt sent Uncle scraped his hoe on the edge spread out like sails as they headed

up a cake on it."He knocked his of the steps. up the street.

hoe against the apple tree. "Might be. Only there ain't much Suddenly Beth screamed and

"I know, but Mama says it ain't sense gettin'him all harnessed up to clutched Uncle's arm.

what things are in this world that go ridin'alone."Now he'd done it! "The pie!"she cried.

count. It's what people think they He could feel trouble brewing like "Jumping Jehosophat, the pie!"

are."yeast in the April air! Uncle sawed on the reins and Prince

Uncle grunted and stood up to Two pairs of small legs covered almost sat down in the laps of his ease the kinks in his back. the ground to the barn before he passengers. "You young'uns knock

Beth was ten, and Eddie was the could clear his throat. When he got everything clean out of my head!"

next. Beth said they went by two's there, Eddie was in the buggy with Uncle swung Prince around and

in her family until you got to the the summer lap robe of red and slapped the reins, and Prince tore baby who wasn't two yet, so you blue plaid over his knees. In winter, back down the street like six of a

couldn't tell if there would be any in the sleigh, it was plush, heavy kind. He sat down on his haunches

more or not. They lived two blocks and prickly, with a maneating lion at the back door, like a bronco. Uncle

down the street, and Uncle was their in vivid colors. It gave you goose wrapped the reins around the whip

best friend. He played Indian with flesh just to hold that lion on your and jumped to the ground. He rethem in the jungle that was the lap! Beth was patting Prince's surtrieved the pie from the kitchen table

asparagus bed in summer. That was prised nose over the edge of his and laid it carefully on the floor of

when Aunt was away. He made the buggy.

them ships with real sails and cabins "And the first one of you that and everything, and doll houses that steps in it is a goner,"he warned

Aunt furnished with spool chairs and fiercely. He picked up the reins

real glass windows and rugs on the PINK LINES again, cramped the wheel around, floor. Aunt and Uncle had never By John Nixon, Jr. and they swung out into main street.

children. anyhad said sweetly, "Uncle,"Beth "Do

to straight the church? have to go shooed Aunt their muddy feet from From(Frompoemsredbudpinkboughswith fragrancein bloom), we

her clean kitchen floor and baked We clip delightful stanzas Couldn't we drive around by the them tiny tarts and cakes. Sundays, For our room. school? It's such a lovely day!"

she made them sit stiffly on the horseWe scrapbook these in vases Prince made the turn by the hair sofa which stuck like needles And doubt the epic rose school in record time. Beth suddenly

equally Could enchant our looked agonized.through their clothes, while Uncle

prose. of Days

sat in the Lincoln rocker and bel- "Don't go so fast!"she pleaded.

shatter, lest verses the Thenlowed Jubilo"and "March- "Land ob somestomach to my "I—I get sick file their redolence We his Georgia"throughing Through pulled worriedly Uncle later times."for hearts Inside our

mustache. Reference. Prince down to a walk again. Beth

Aunt said it was enough to raise settled back in satisfaction. You had

the dead, but they listened, spell- (Continued on page 266) 246 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

for Gardening News at its Timely Best Read Your in

To Star iJJfesrfS.

tt -,e.?et Peas, ttencV\ 8iet>r lanls W "belote

iie -.... Vssssw

V.eeet.S

WW* g -tits cut >f4 ss Instructive gardening information especially suited:'-''/'--'are *fw edc

for Mountain West growers, and club of area garden complete news < li xhcve \. activities, are featured for your * - - Spenc

weekend reading enjoyment in the popular Deseret News Garden Section.

Read it... yoiill like it!

THE MOUNTAIN WEST'S NEWSPAPER

APRIL 1952 247

WESTERNtlMf CULTIVATING CHAMPION!

HIGH CLEARANCE

For tall crops, flatlandplanted,

HeavyDuty such as tomatoes, asparagus and broccoli—EXTRA

Vegetable Cultivator HIGH LIFT setting provides clearance of 29 inches. Tool bars

<: front, for the WD Tractor available are

84 inches (two 42inch) and 132 inches 66inch); rear, (two tall and bedded crops anNow—for—here is

96inch 120inch. and entirely heavyduty, new, westernbuilt cultivator. It makes full use of Model WD Tractor power and speed. For bedded crops such as letYou now can apply special cultivating adtuce, beets and celery—

proLIFT setting HIGH vantages for fast, thorough work vides clearance of 20*4 1. Front and rear tool bars can be lifted inches.tool barsSameas above84incharefront

independently. convertible for this setting.

2. Delayed lifting of rear bar is autoOne cultivator is all you need!

matic.

Any standard WD Tractor front 3. Double tool bars are 2>6-inch square, wheel equipment can be used

doublewelded. They permit unlimitwith the new HIGH CLEARcultivator dual (1) ANCE—ed shank mounting variations. front wheels; single front (2)

adjustable or (3) 4. Both front and rear tool bars are wheel;

( illustrated front axle adjustable to various tilted positions ) as well as level position. Makes Shank clamps are reversible, can

possible the exact cultivating action be fastened to either side of the tool of steels you desire. bar for staggered settings to

provide greater trash clearance as

Current production is limited. See your Allisneeded. These clamps will securely

Chalmers dealer early. hold all standard cultivator shanks.

Another Great Implement Advancement

Engineered and Built in the MILWAUKEE 1, U. S. A. M West by AllisChalmers!(\ llRACTORALUSCHALMERSDIVISION

1AZ THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Minersville, Beaver (Utah) Stake, reecives the sportsmanship Redondo, Inglewood (California) Stake, receives the championtrophy from General Superintendent Elbert R. Curtis. ship trophy from First Assistant General Superintendent A. Walter

Stevenson.

A Report on M MEN BASKETBALL 195152

by Doyle L. Green

MANAGING EDITOR

Second Assistant General Superintendent David S. King presents

place trophy to Capitol Hill, Salt Lake Stake. Onlythatoneis trueteam whencan emergethe purposevictorious,of ita iscompetitivesaid, and the second

activity is solely to name a winner. But when a

program is built around more lofty ideals, no one can lose, and no matter how the final standing appears on paper, every team may be a champion and every player a star.

To accomplish this goal is the purpose of the athletic program of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association, and stories coming out of the 195152 allChurch M Men basketball tournament and the stake and division playoffs leading up to it show that the program is filling a definite need of young men in the

Church. In addition to the physical and recreational

values being given, it is aiding our young men to face the future more valiantly by developing good sportsSpanish Fork First won the consolation championship and fifth manship, leadership, love and respect for their fellow place.

men, and the ability to compete with others. This

type of wholesome recreation, under proper leadership, cannot help building better Latterday Saints.

Ten thousand six hundred and seventy young men from many parts of the United States as well as from

Canada and Mexico were given a boost up that road to manhood by participating in the M Men basketball program this year. Teams from 790 wards, representing

all but fifteen stakes of the Church, took part.

Play was climaxed by twenty teams on February 26, 27, 28, and 29 in the allChurch tournament held in the Deseret Gymnasium and the University of Utah

Field House in Salt Lake City. In the final game of the

thirtytwo-game tournament, Redondo Ward of IngleAll-Church players, 195152 are, I. to r., are: Chuck Ryerse, Reno;

wood Stake of California outscored Capitol Hill Ward Keith Widdowson, Capitol Hill; Grant Harline, Redondo; Gayle

{Continued on following page) Bluth, Dublan; Reed Nelson, Spanish Fork.

APRIL 1952 249 Hill Spring and Waterloo open the 1952 AllChurch tournament.

Bring the kiddies—we love 'em! HOTEL UTAH A Report On M Men Special Menus! Special China!

COFFEE Basketball 195152 0 Special Prices, Too!

SHOP (Continued from preceding page)

HOTEL UTAH of Salt Lake Stake 52 to 40 to win

Max Carpenter, Manager the championship. This marks the

See Uncle Roscoe's Playtime Party, Presented by Hotel Utah, Tues. & Thurs,4:15 p.m., KSLTV sixth time in twenty years that a

California team has gone home victorious.

The ten top teams in the order in which they finished are: Redondo YEAR AFTER YEAR! Ward, Inglewood (California) Stake;

Capitol Hill Ward, Salt Lake Stake;

Reno Ward, Reno (Nevada) Stake; THE HAMMOND Dublan Ward, Juarez (Mexico) Stake;

Spanish Fork First Ward, Palmyra

Stake; Logan Twentieth Ward, East

IS THE Cache Stake; Waterloo Ward, Wells

LARGEST SELLING Stake;Stake; LoganMinersvilleFifth Ward,Ward,East BeaverCache

Stake; and Honeyville Ward, North

CHURCH ORGAN Box Elder Stake. Other teams participating were: Provo Ninth Ward,

IN THE WORLD! East Provo Stake; Thurber Ward,

Wayne Stake; East Midvale Ward,

East Jordan Stake; Sugar City Ward,

BECAUSE North Rexburg (Idaho) Stake;

1. Costs so much LESS yet you get so much more. Pleasant Grove First Ward, Timpa-

2. Never gets out of tune. nogos Stake; Grantsville Second

3. Cold, heat or dampness can never affect it. Ward, Grantsville Stake; Ogden

4. Very easy to play. Fourth Ward, Ogden Stake; Hill

5. Takes up so much less room. Spring Ward, Alberta (Canada)

—Call upon us or write—Stake; East Glendale Ward, Glendale

(California) Stake; and Paul Ward,

Minidoka (Idaho) Stake. GLENBROS. MUSIC CO. To a plucky team from Minersville

74 South Main went the sportsmanship trophy

OGDEN SALT LAKE CITY PROVO awarded yearly by the General Superintendency of the Young Men's

Mutual Improvement Association to 250 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA greatest displays thethe which team of the i \ i i 1 r | * i....'. r- during sportsmanshipamount

tournament. Judges always find the

selection of a team to be given this award most difficult. During the entire

tournament hardly a single unsportsmanshiplike act was committed by a player, a team, or a coach. This fact

alone speaks volumes for the success of the program.

AllChurch players, each of whom was awarded an individual trophy by Brigham Young University, were:

Reed Nelson, Spanish Fork First

Ward; Grant Harline, Redondo

Ward; Keith Widdowson, Capitol

Hill Ward; Chuck Ryerse, Reno

Ward, and Gayle Bluth, Dublan Ward. Other outstanding players

named on the second and third alltournament teams were: second

team, Frank Brooks, Waterloo Ward;

Kirk Kidman, Redondo Ward; Dave

Hale, Capitol Hill Ward; Clair

Frischknecht, Logan Twentieth Ward; and Wayne Gillins, Minersville Ward; third team, Lynden BUDGIE BIRDS...They do talk!

Bluth, Dublan Ward; Clinton Cutler, East Midvale Ward; Jack McLea,

(Concluded on page 254)! and so are the bwcjs

Spring means bugs... so now is the

time to screen your home against them.

RYLOCK Type L Screens are the tightest and finest of all... with patented

fingertip control for easy opening

and closing... nothing on your

sill to catch dirt.. no stains or streaks.

All metal means no maintenance.

RYLOCK is the frameless tension screen

that is easier to live with.

SOLD EVERYWHERE IN THE WEST. It your

dealer does not yet stock them write the factory for the name of the dealer nearest you.

mimsmi TJ T I IU/-LJUUL Screens RYLOCK CO. LTD., 2485 Washington Avenue, San Leandro, California

Manufactured under RYLOCK license and sold in the thirtyseven eastern states

During the RedondoCapitol Hill by the New York Wire Cloth Co. under the trade name"Durall".

championship game.

APRIL 1952 251 Now you can make jpw

Bell Howell

brings you greatest motion picture

development since

"talking pictures'.'.,

a 16mm recording projector, the new Filmosound "202"

In

Not since the introduction of sound movies has there been need no expert knowledge, no costly professional equipment.

a motion picture development of such importance! With the Filmosound 202, you can put countless films to

Now Bell & Howell brings the making of sound movies specific uses simply by directing each message you record within your reach. Here is the new 16mm Filmosound 202—on the magnetic sound track to the needs of your audience.

not just a sound movie projector—not just a magnetic sound Changing the sound and recording again are done simultarecorder—but a combination of both for making and showneously. Only with magnetic sound movies is this possible

ing sound movies. To make your own sound film, you will at but the cost of the film and sotjndstripe.

Record your message right on the film as it Reach every age level with a single film. Making sound movies starts with a Bell

is being projected onto the screen through It's possible now with the addition of a & Howell 70 -DL camera, now specially your Filmosound 202. This same film may be magnetic sound track. Your school's film adapted for single -perforated film. After

used again and again simply by changing the library will grow in usefulness as you reyou've edited your processed film, you take message to suit the occasion or to reach a new place obsolete sound tracks with current it to your Bell & Howell dealer for the audience. commentary. SOUNDSTRIPE.

252 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

cost sound movie

Easy as talking on the telephone, you record sound onto magnetic track while projecting picture with Filmosound 202. Instant

playback or correction of recording errors with flip of reverse switch. Magnetic sound

track will last for life of film.

Add sound to silent 16mm film, then play back at silent speed to retain normal action.

Add new sound to optical sound film without harming original sound track. Change

from magnetic to optical track without varyquality. Musical sound background and of ing for will the cost film than pay more first sound on your you saveWhat

easily effects voice. sound mixed with

silent can, to old add sound 202, Filmosound you your 16mmequipment With films... new sound to a film with an obsolete sound track... and project any You buy for life when you buy16mm film, silent or sound, blackand-white or color.

Use the coupon for full details on how you can use magnetic sound movies...

how economical it is to own the Filmosound 202. Or see your Bell & Howell dealer

today. Ask for a demonstration Bell fcHowell

Guaranteed for life: During the life

of the product, any defect in workmanship or material will be remedied free (except transportation).

Bell & Howell 7177 McCormick Road, Chicago 45, III.

Please send me, without cost or obligation, complete information on the new Filmosound 202 recording projector. I am interested in its

use for: School Church Home Industry 70DL Movie Camera Interlocking feature prevents accidental "Clutch"permits stopping film with picName—

erasure of recordings. This button must be ture on screen for "cue"marking. Optical

pressed to put machine in recording posiand magnetic sound pickup, record and Address together as are all positioned erasetion, recording will previous then heads and only a Organization (if any) picunit. of sound controls Synchronization Filmowith Simplebe erased. make the

sound 202 almost foolproof. ture is easily achieved. City County. Stc!e

APRIL 1952 253.

Deseret BOOK CO. **SWlTi> wf Your

Special BELL and HOWELL Representative for Anderson,These SaltJoyceLakeMiller,area MarilynGleaners Newman,were the sponsors:Elaine Robbins,First row,Marilynleft to Jackson,right: Alleneand

Ann Ballard. Second row, Raida Nebeker, Helen Barlow, Anita Kehl, Doris Argyle,

the Intermountain Area Mary Knowlton, and Carolyn Woodruff. Third row: Anne Pettigrew, Pat Bryan,

Anne Bennion, Jacquie Anderson, Anita Rosenvall, and Merrilyn Fullmer.

(See advertisement preceding page)

A REPORT ON M MEN BASKETBALL 195152

(Concluded from page 251) Spanish Fork First 42, Glendale

Logan Fifth Ward; Glenn Dalling, East 41.

Sugar City Ward; and Ray Hale, Grantsville Second 54, Paul, 51.

Capitol Hill Ward.

Gayle Bluth of Dublan was CHAMPIONSHIP BRACKET chosen most valuable player in the Dublan, Mexico 41, Logan Twentournament and was presented with tieth 38.

a wrist watch by The Deseret News. Honeyville 21, Capitol Hill 44.

As the several trophies were being Pleasant Grove 36, Provo Ninth 38.

presented in ceremonies following the Logan Fifth 51, Sugar City 50.

final game, the words of our beloved

President, the late George Albert THURSDAY'S RESULTS

Smith, uttered at another tournament a few years ago, came back to my Spanish Fork First 56, Grantsville mind. On that occasion he said, Second 43.

for in solving help See us your Pleasant 68, Twentieth Logan finest of the represent thousands for "You or problems equipment new 36. all Grove in to be found anywhere boys certified repair service of your

28. City Honeyville 49, Sugar this prize should the world. You present machines.

Enrich your programs with the trophy not for the intrinsic value but Minersville 49, East Midvale 42.

soundfilms of the L.D.S. Conferrather because it stands for all that Reno 49, Logan Fifth 46.

ence proceedings which are availis good and righteous. Always reRedondo 46, Dublan 42.

able to you at no cost. Also availmember that you could not have won Waterloo 31, Provo Ninth 29.

able is a rich selection of feature it except for the clean lives you have Capitol Hill 46, Thurber 33.

films from the libraries of Films led."

Incorporated for whom the DesFRIDAY'S RESULTS eret Book Co. is exclusive InterTUESDAY'S RESULTS

mountain distributor. Redondo 49, Waterloo 30.

Waterloo 37, Hill Spring 23. Capitol Hill 59, Reno 40.

Redondo 54, Minersville 44. Dublan 42, Provo Ninth 36.

Spanish Fork First 43, Reno 44. Logan Fifth 53, Thurber 49.

Thurber 52, Grantsville Second 47.

Glendale East 53, Sugar City 55. SATURDAY'S RESULTS

Dublan 60, Ogden Fourth 54. Deseret East Midvale 42, Provo Ninth 53. Dublan 33, Logan Fifth 28.

Capitol Hill 56, Paul 27. Reno, Nevada 51, Waterloo 42. BOOK CO. Logan Twentieth 50, Honeyville

WEDNESDAY'S RESULTS 31.

tPSISw? Spanish Fork First 46, Minersville

44 E. So. Temple CONSOLATION BRACKET 35.

Ogden Fourth 46, Minersville 55. Redondo 52, Capitol Hill 40 DIAL 3-6716 Hill Spring 37, East Midvale 54. (championship)

254 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "What does it take from an oil company to run an airlift?"

Ever since midsummer of 1950, military activity in Korea has called for heavy transpacific air traffic by civilian cargo planes. Over

onemiles—someof their routes26 timesthey flythe alengthround oftriptheoffamous13,450

Berlin airlift. Hundreds of companies help supply

this operation. Maybe you'd like to know what it

takes from an oil company to run an airlift.

Standard's part in the Pacific airlift shows that it's a big help to have large companies on hand when the going gets rough. Our work is

focused mainly at Wake Island, that pinpoint some 4000 miles from the U. S. West Coast.

AfterWorld War II,Wake was a refueling stop for commercial airliners en route to the Orient. But

then came the struggle at the 38th parallel

Before trouble kindled in Korea, only 20 planes a week refueled at Wake Island.

Then—callingthatfornumbermore gasmultipliedfast. We'dmanybeen timesserving the island; when the U. S. asked us to

step up deliveries, we were able to do it.

As a big, integrated company, we called on our own tanker fleet.

To secure the special loading equip- 1 As air activity stepped up even ment needed by the ground crews, a more, Wake needed larger ground

Standardavailable—shipat faroffpicked Cantonup the nearestIsland. crews.Using facilitiesStandard'sin Honolulu,bigness helpedwe quicklyagain.

And at U. S. request, we helped build trained men to handle highoctane gas,

new storage facilities at Wake. tripled our manpower on Wake.

To keep Wake and the airlift supplied on a regular basis, Standard drew once more on its tanker fleet. We now operate

>&,. a shuttle service to Wake from the Pacific

Coast. Again, being big and having our

own facilities helps us serve.

&fa*t&- lOf course, the transpacific airlift starts in America, **VS&** and at home on this end of the route Standard keeps some 10 airlines supplied with aviation gasoline. It would take a

stack of drums a mile high to hold our increased daily output for this use. At the same time, we're also supplying

military needs... and our usual volume for motorists.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

plans ahead to serve you better

APRIL 1952 2S5 Lword of Ulnaer$tandivia

RICHARD L. EVANS

/\ften we presume to know other men's hearts and minds and motives, and to condemn and to condone. And

no doubt we are often right in our appraisal of other people.

But we cannot be certainly assured of all that moves other men. And as we judge others (which in some ways we

have to do, and which in other ways we have no right to do), we shall find, as time uncovers unforeseen facts, that we have misjudged many men in many ways. Sometimes

when we have assumed they were deceiving us, we shall

find assurances, their accepted we shall have we MC0 when deceived. Sometimes been when have we have PABCO find that they were telling the truth. And sometimes that we

thought they were feigning—that they were exaggerating

ASBESTOS an ailment or an illness—that they could do more than

CEMENT SIDING they were doing—the unfolding future may show us that

All Pabco AsbestosCement Siding is they were doing the best their situation and circumstances deepgrained to capture the appearance permitted; and that others who we thought were lifting a

styles, of wavyhand-hewn wood. Two

the permit edge home full load could have done much more. Often also we and straightedge,

owner to select the correct appearance fail to understand other men's fears because their fears are effect. architectural for Pabco any Asnot our fears. We judge them by what we know, not by Siding bestos a variety of beacomes in

utiful colors. Yes, a smart appearance what they know; by what we have experienced, rather than

that is designed to last a lifetime! by what they have experienced. It is sometimes difficult

for someone who hasn't been through something to underforget of stand someone even Sometimes us some who has.

did. did were children and what PABCO when we we we forget why PABCO [0

But we earnestly hope that the Father of us all will not

STORM LAP soon forget why we do some of the things we do, for there

ASBESTOS CEMENT ROOF is nothing more sure than that we shall all someday be

SHINGLES called to account for what we have done with what we have

Pabco's method of laminating multiple had. And in the meantime, as Paul wrote: "Let us not...

sheets of asbestos and cement by hyjudge one another any more"1—beyond the necessity of draulic imparts pressure maximum

strength and shockproofness. Rigid labenforcing the law and beyond the essential minimum that

oratory - controlled production, in the we must judge in living and moving among men, for we

West's most modernly equipped plant, is your assurance of a consistently high simply do not know enough to appraise other people in all quality product. that is held in their hearts, and in all that has gone into

their making in the immediate and infinite past. The longer

Ask your friendly Lumber Dealer we live, the more we find that there are in the hearts and

MORRISONMERRILL& CO. livesAnd theof moreotherswethosejudge,thingsthe morewhichwe shallwe weren'tfind thatawarewe haveof.

BUILDING MATERIAL DISTRIBUTORS 205 NORTH 3rd WEST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH misjudged many men.

Boise, Twin Falls, Pocatello, Idaho, Reno, Nevada Romans 14:13.

Jke Spoken lA/ord from temple square

CONGRESS HOTEL PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, JANUARY 27, 1952 Invites You and Yours Copyright, 1952 200 Cheerful Rooms Newly Decorated Beautifully Furnished Near Beautiful L.D.S. Temple MORNING RESOLVE

Center of Everything By Elaine V. Emans

Reservations Accepted Let us make your it's this until done. new day

doing? keep one. pleasant the sun They must a stay NotDefeatedone morehourslookof uponyesterday,the gray OfWhat

State at 2nd South—Phone 3-4494 Not any thoughts how sad I was Within its rightful place, and song

S. W. Hollingsworth, Res. Mgr. Shall I allow myself, because And faith and hope where they belong, George A. Schurr, Ass't. Mgr. My eyes and intellect and heart And love—so wanting yesterday

Will be so busy from the start In and around me all the way.

256 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Build for the years ahead

with these "best buy"BUEHNERCRETE

concrete products

If you have a part in specifying materials for any building whether a ward or stake house, a school, a store or factory, or your own home, you can s-t-r-e-t-c-h your building dollars with these extravalue Buehner products:

BUEHNERCRETE BLOCKS give you at one low cost ( 1 ) an institutive structural wall that saves heating cost; saves on added insulation cost; (2) an acoustic

wall that makes quieter chapels, classrooms, gymnasiums; (3) a decorative wall with a wide choice

of sizes, shapes, textures, and colors.

BUEHNERCRETE CAST STONE gives you sparkling beauty over the years, with little upkeep, low initial cost... makes entrances more inviting, adds the

touch of enduring beauty to pillars, window trim, or entire exterior facing.

BUEHNER'S LITH-I-BAR JOISTS give you a permanent, solid, termiteproof flooring base.

OTHER BUEHNER BUILDING MATERIALS such as lifetime aluminum windows, warm air perimeter heating system for gas or oil, such masonry building accessories as masonry reinforcing and masonry paints are of the same reliable high quality as—

Typical auditorium Top Photo: showing use of soundabsorbing attractive concrete Buehner products. red Blocks. BuehnerCrete lava blocks and HoneTex

Bottom Photo: Inviting entrance to Memorial Park Ward, showing sparkling

beauty of BuehnerCrete Cast Stone.

Before you build investigate...

OTTO BUEHNER & CO. BUIHNIR BLOCK CO.

Architectural CastBuehner - Crete

Ave. 640 Wilmington Stone A4 2800ConcreteSouthMasonryWest TempleUnits

t<MM>Xt:i i.r:::/: ]-m;iU<>*CONCRETE PRODUCTS Salt Lake City, Utah

APRIL 1952 257 THE WORLD OF THE JAREDITES (Continued from page 238) customary for them to challenge each years to building up an army to meet other to single combat. The king of

the emperor of Khwarizm, who the Scythians sent his challenge to worked feverishly to build up his the king of the Massagetae and also army, each doing everything in his to the great Darius, whose father expower to "draw off"his enemy's supchanged challenges with an earlier porters to his own side. 190 queen of the Massagetae; the king of

This system of "drawing off"is, as the Visigoths challenged the Emperor we have noted before, very ancient Honorius to single combat as King in Asia. There is even a special AraLazarus of Servia196 did Amurath the

bic word for it jadhab. "From whom Turk, and so on. I need not point

shall I take away... the awful out at this date that the whole syssovereignty?"asks Mithra in the tem of chivalric etiquette originates

Avesta, which is full of legendary on the steppes of Asia. The great

heroes who draw off each other's khans when their rivals were capfollowers."1 The gathering of rival tured in battle would personally bestill generals them, as Chinese as head is regularly accompanied,

generals. Chinese 186 Queen do other.?THE NEW forcesin the Book by exchange of Mormon,

of personal letters between the chiefs Tomyris not only beheaded Cyrus, to but according Herodotus (I, 205), of challenges: the formal sending No other organs offer so much and hatred, sloshed his head with to the "Let the South mad come Shanyu for the money... no other and either meet the emperor in open around in a skin filled with blood.

organs are so versatile. Connbattle or else become a subject and It was common among the rulers of

sonata's richer tones are propay reverence to the imperial throne,"the steppes to convert the skull of a duced by purely electronic is a typical example. 192 Jealousy and personal enemy into a drinking cup,

means, too. No reeds, blowers ambition, says Xenophon (Cyrop VI, as the emperor of the Bulgars did

or other moving mechanical ii), are the essence of Asiatic kingwith the skull of the Emperor Niceparts. Illustrated above is ship, which is an intensely personal phorus, and the king of the Hiungnu

New Model 2D, twomanual, thing; he describes how Croesus and did of187 the top piece of the ruler of

25note pedal board. Cyrus devoted every ounce of their Iran. The ancient Ukranians would

energy and treasure, gathering totake their oaths by187 drinking blood

CONFERENCE VISITORS gether huge conglomerate armies to from such vessels. The Assyrian

rival of collect rulers skins the monit all fight for Asia. the rule of out TO WELCOME

archs, in did our Lama own as the Ja this intensely rivalry personal How 198 CO. MUSIC DAYNES dav. J in the recounted been unwas has

for a demonstration of the new forgettable pages of Herodotus. In We have dwelt at unsavory length

Connsonata Electronic Organ... the Egyptian annals Pharaoh alone on these gory details because it is

four different size Organs availis the only victor and the only hero, necessary to explain what the Book able to accomodate any size and the issue of every war is simply of Ether is about. The grim ferocity

chapel or auditorium. his personal argument with the opwith which the rulers of Asia conposing monarch. 103 Every king of centrate all their wrath against the

Babylonia or Assyria performs all of person of a rival king belongs to the

J Daynes Music Co. I his tremendous feats singlehanded, Jaredite tradition: "And it came to

iiiiiii! itas athepointmonumentsto reportexplain,that hisandMajestymakes passangrythatwithCoriantumrShared, wasandexceedinglyhe went

4547 South Main, Salt Lake personally dispatched the rival king: against him... to battle; and they

145 North University, Provo "In the midst of the battle my own did meet in great anger."(Ibid., 13:

hand captured Kashtilash, the Kas27.) And "when Shiz had received

site king"; "against the king himself, his epistle, he wrote an epistle unto

of the the at the point spear, unto if that Coriantumr, give he would battle."of the sun I waged 18* himself up, that slay he might Tttctvioc Folding setting BANOII This last vividly recalls the Book of with his own sword, that he wouldhim

Mormon picture of Shiz and Corianspare the lives of the people."(Ibid.,

tumr fighting with each other un15:5.) the battle that During enDirect Factory til 15:20ff.) (Ibid., nightfall. ThePrices To arose, sued, also "Shiz and his men,

exploits of a Sargon, actual Cyrus,Churches and he swore in his wrath that heSchools Hotels Thothmes III, or Rameses II, moreSocieties Dining Rooms over, give us to understand that the would slay Coriantumr, or he would Cafeterias personal combat between kings was perish by the sword."(Ibid., 15:28.)

"8B WRITE FOR no mere hollow boast but actually What these men seek before everyManufactured by NEW CATALOG took place. thing else is not power or victory but

THE 7 3 CHURCHTHotWOe.STREET COMPANYCOLFAX. IOWA Since every war was a personal settlement with a personal rival.

combat between two kings, it was (Continued on page 260) 258 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ogether we've come a mighty long way.

Together, the people of Utah and your neighbor, Utah Copper, have come a long way from a pioneer beginning. Because of this we all

live better.

The mine atBingham, and a remnant from the original Rogers stamp mill show just how far we have come.

The Rogers mill was used by Daniel C. Jackling in 1899 to test ore

from the mine. It was the beginning of a new era in copper—an era that

proved the mine at Bingham was not a worthless part of Utah's landscape/ as some experts then believed, but a vast source of vitally needed"rqpper.

This pioneering made possible the development of a Utah enterprise that produces 30% of our nation's new copper. Over the years, Utah

Copper has been able to increase its purchase of supplies, add to its payrolls and meet higher tax payments. This has benefitted everydne

in our State.

These benefits have grown through the years, because Utah Copper has developed new methods and machines to keep production up, even

V though the copper content of the ore has gone down.

Because Jackling and his associates had the vision to foresee a better way to obtain copper, the courage to test their vision, and the skill to prove it, the people of Utah live better.

|JP#P<""iftPflf* UTAH COPPER DIVISION KENNBCOTT COPPER CORPORA!"/ ON

A Q o o d Neighbor Helping t o Build Better Utah

APRIL 1952 259 THE WORLD OF THE JAREDITES (Continued from page 258) do not fight courageously, put them

Wars of Extermination to the sword.'"'''In such a way the

Both Shiz and Coriantumr as they Asiatic war lords from the beginning moved about on their endless cam- "... swept the earth before them"

paigns "swept off the inhabitants belike Shiz (Ibid., 14:18), and like the

fore them, all them that would not Communist hordes of our day, forcing join them."(Ibid., 14:27.) This is all that lay in their path to become

the classic Asiatic method of forced part of them. "I counted them among

recruiting: "If the neighboring my people,"says the Assyrian conprovince to that which they invade queror of one nation after another,

will not aid them,"says an eyewitand this ancient formula would seem ness of the Tartan technique, "they to go back to our old friend Nimrod, waste it, and with the inhabitants whom popular superstition saw rewhom they take with them, they proincarnated in Genghiz Khan as he ceed to fight against the other "became a mighty hunter,"accordprovince. They place their captives ing to Carpini (Ch. vi.) "He learned

in the front of the battle and, if they to steal men, and to take them for

rom r4ere Lsn..

RICHARD L. EVANS

of living the in regrets are always some there that seems IT fail to make, decisions life. make or matter we what No

we are likely to wonder what would have happened if we had done differently; and often we are likely to feel sure

that we should have done differently. Being human, as we

all are, we make mistakes. To some extent, at least, most

of us are feeling and fumbling our way along; and perhaps

there is almost no day that we couldn't look back upon and wish to improve. There is perhaps almost no day that we

couldn't wish we hadn't said some things we have said, that we hadn't thought some things we have thought, or that we hadn't done some things better than we did. Life, it

Bind Your seems, is in part a process of repentance. In a sense, progress

itself is a process of repentance; and the man who thinks

Improvement Eras he doesn't make mistakes is deceiving himself. Individually,

collectively, privately, publicly, there is no doubt we have for Reference made many mistakes, and our problems and perplexities and debts and difficulties, our regrets, and serious uncertainties

Preserve your Improveare in part a payment for the mistakes of the past. There is

ment Era copies by having no use denying them, when we know we have made them.

them bound into permanent The future will be more as we would want it to be if we yearly volumes. You'll find admit our mistakes and repent and improve and not perthem excellent reference sistently say there weren't any errors, and not doggedly

sources for your family, and pursue the same disastrous path and pattern. We pay the

they are a proud addition penalties sooner or later. As Emerson observed: "Always

to any library. Quality pay, for first or last you must pay every debt."1 And the

workmanship and materials sooner we repent and pay, the lighter is the compounding of will make these volumes the penalties. Having admitted our mistakes, having sinlast a lifetime. cerely repented of the past, there remains an incentive to

look forward from here, with hope, and with faith for the

The cost is just $3.00 per volume future. If there is anything we deeply regret, from here on

City; (F.O.B. postpaid, Salt Lake add is our opportunity—for great is the power of repentance. foreign 30c. other and Canada

countries add 75c.) iEssay on Compensation.

Save your Eras and send them for binding to "DL SpoLn WorJ"FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

Copyright, 1952Deseret News Press SYSTEM, FEBRUARY 3, 1952 #8 South Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah 260 THEMPROVEMENT ERA.

prey. He ranged into other countries

taking as many captives as he could, '"'""ST v | m as to himself,"and joining them "'jiPlwy I m 1 1 W; awful oaths. done, byNimrod had

This system of "sweeping the earth"T.; t

explains how it was possible for 1 II small and obscure Asiatic tribes to rise very quickly to be conquerors of all Asia and most of Europe: The

tribe that gave its name to the conquering hordes was merely the nucleus of an army which snowballed into a world army by forced recruiting of all it met.

A great deal has been written about the calculated Schrechlichkeit of the great conquerors, especially

Genghiz Khan, whose practices have been condoned by recent biographers on the grounds that there is no better weapon than terror to soften up opposition, provoke early surrender, and thus save lives. Certainly terror is

the keynote of Asiatic warfare with its "absolute contempt for human life,""a and the boast of an Assyrian king might be echoed by many an ancient and modern successor: "I

special Organ Wicks victoriously, like dog, Themarched a mad for designed console and spreading terror, and I met no conAmerican Boston, the 01 queror.""Being a mad dog seems Guild of Organists Convention.

to us a poor thing to boast of, but Details and price for this size the terror was carefully calculated. instrument gladly furnished.

Shiz would have understood as in his ofpursuit "... Coriantumr he

slay children, both and did JQowT.. YOU CAN OWN and women

cities. did thehe burn And there

fear of Shiz awent throughout all A WICKS PIPE ORGAN the land; yea, a cry went forth

throughout the land—Who can stand

before the army of Shiz? Behold, he

sweepeth the earth before him!"here is the real thing..

(Ibid., 14:1718.) Corihor When

a his turngained to be at the price of imitations victory, it was the terror of the earth and "... the Yes, you can now buy a magnificent Wicks Organ for as

people began to be frightened, and little as $2,850 {details and illustration supplied on request).

In Seattle, part built"skilled Every of is "custom each Wicks by to flee before the armies ofbegan the Washington, artisans, carries satisfaction. guarantee and of a complete..."(Ibid., 14:27.)Coriantumr. RepreWicks smaller instruments be purchased console with may The

An important byproduct of the sentative is: Mr. attached or detached as desired. These, as well as cathedral

AsiaticJaredite system of rallying Charles W.Allen, size organs, have inspired tone, Wicks noted DIRECT

armies and absorbing nations is an 10708 First Ave., ELECTRIC ACTION, and economical upkeep.

efflorescence of robber bands on all Northwest, Seattle The recent appointment of Mr. Melvin W. Dunn, Wicks

the face of the land. All who will 33, Washington Representative for the Salt Lake City area, makes available

not join the great armies are put to an expert and personal service for Wicks buyers. Inquiries

death, as we have seen, but what of should be addressed to:

those who escape? They are naturalMr. Melvin W. Dunn 481 10th Ave. Salt Lake City, Utah

ly outlaws, having no allegiance to or rightsany king and hence no to protection. survive,claims To ZHe WICKS ORGAN

these people band themselves together, and since all are deserters COMPANY whose heads are forfeit, their beWICKShavior becomes very dangerous. Asia

has at all times swarmed with robHIGHLAND... ILLINOIS ORGANS

(Continued on following page) APRIL 1952 261 THE WORLD OF THE JAREDITES

ber bands, exactly as did this contiOne unpleasant aspect of the business GREYHOUND (Continued from preceding page) drunken with wine."(Ibid., 15:22.)

nent under the Jaredites, and from worthy of mention is the universal

Today's Best time to time these robber bands have custom of scalp collecting, at all times

Travel Buy! formedruin statescoalitionsand strongoverturnenoughthrones.to practisedAsia as inwithAmerica.zeal 20"on Itthewassteppesthe ruleof

After wars between the Mongols and in Asia for great conquerors to disMamelukes had exhausted all their seminate the belief that they were resources and brought ruin to many not human but actually incarnations lands, soldiers from both sides banded of the devil! 207

together in robber armies, gathered The insane wars of the Jaredite up the outcasts in the deserts and chiefs ended in the complete annihilamountains, to conand came near the sides, of the kings tion both with quering all Asia. 202 of western alThe last go. thing to had same The

pages of Bar Hebraeus swarm with most happened earlier in the days of

Uo Greyhound... for less than these robber bands and good descripAkish, when a civil war between

cost of driving the onethird tions they operate. of how Whenever the populahis sons reduced and him car! relax You'll.. free your central governments became weakall traffic worry,.enjoying from (Ibid., to thirty. tion 9:12.) This

ened corruption, by wars routes, and friendly scenic bands compancir- to us, improbable seems but two ions. your money, your Save robbers of as appear would if out Asiatic to peculiar warcumstances yourself time, your and—car,by of earth, as the early in the ninth when trip! every Greyhound is fare explain phenomenon why the

century the robber the became Omar parallel: without means by no (1) There's a about something terror of all the joining East Near and is strictly every Since a personal war it that Greyhound makes

forces the with robberchief in Nasir travel! the friendly way to battle the kings, contest between

the north "began to destroy the must continue until one of the kings 203 world."falls or is taken. (2) And yet things

Just as robber bands often formed are so arranged that the king must the nucleus of worldconquering arbe the very last to fall, the whole mies (some Chinese emperors had army existing for the sole purpose of whole armies composed of "bad young defending his person. This is clearly

men"), so those world armies, once seen in the game of chess, in which beaten, promptly broke up into roball pieces are expendable except the ber bands again, while their leader, king, who can never be taken. "The

lately a world ruler, would find himshah in chess,"writes M. E. Moghaself again nothing but a bandit dam, "is not killed and does not die. 204

chief. The years during which The game is terminated when the

Justinian and Chosroes were locked shah is pressed into a position from in deadly rivalry for the rule of the which he cannot escape. This is in

world saw the rise in western Asia line with all good traditions of chess of a motley array of robber gangs playing, and back of it the tradition numbering 12,000 men, who brought of capturing the king in war rather complete ruin upon a large part of than slaying him whenever that could 208 the civilized world; in this time recall will accomplished."of be You

Safway Steel Scaffolds panic "great schism and insecurity in of the the Book many instances

RENT YOUR fell upon the Arabs (i.e. the inhabiEther in which kings were kept in

ROLLING TOWERS tants), and in every quarter a man prison for many years but not killed.

FOR rose his did not agree with up who the In chivalry, code of medieval 205 SPRING PAINTING retypical companion."This and over taken central Asia, the from

AND current state of things vividly recalls person of the king is sacred, and all CLEANUP the awful days of the Jaredite robbers, others must perish in his defense.

ECONOMICAL RATES when every man slept on his sword After the battle the victor may do 15'ADJUSTABLE to guard his property from every what he will with his rival and

ROLLING TOWER COMPLETE other man—and still had it stolen. infinitely ingenious tortures were

$13.00 1st Week (Ibid., 14:1-2.) sometimes devised for the final

$4.40 Each Week Thereafter

dwell not as pathas the long on the war We need reckoning—but Free Delivery and Pickup in ological of Asiatic aspects for warfare die, could not went on the king City Salt Lake

the hideous disguises, the bloody whenever he did die, the war was yells, insane over, the the matter no his surpyramids how strong Lynn Hansen oaths, all that. forces. of heads viving In and so, Shiz Taras Bulha Even was

Scaffold Co. Gogol describes the Kazakh hordes willing to spare all of Coriantumr's

479 East 21st South as going quite insane in battle or, as subjects if he could only behead

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Ether puts it: "... they were drunkCoriantumr with his own sword. In

Phone 844439 en with anger, even as a man who is that case, of course, the subjects would 262 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

become his own. The circle of warriors, "... large and mighty men

as to the strength of men..,

(Ibid., 15:26) that fought around

their kings to the last man, represent that same ancient institution, the Dedicated to better sacred "shieldwall,"which our own

Norse ancestors took over from Asia again us meets again and whichand health and a longer life tribes, of thein the in which wars on more than one occasion the king last to perish. Soactually the was

final of for Westernlet chapter the think no one

Ether is at all fanciful or overdrawn.

Wars of extermination are a standard institution in the history of Asia. families

To cite a few examples, when Genghiz Khan overcame the great

Merkit nation, he left only one man brother of his favorite JUoctors say it's important foralive—the209

wife. The Assyrian kings would

systematically annihilate every living children and adults to have thing in the lands they conquered, sowing fields with salt, like the a permanent lifetime record of

Romans, and flooding the sites of cities they destroyed to convert them 210 inoculations, vaccinations, into uninhabitable wastelands. In

cities of a million inhabitants the

Mongols left not a dog or a cat alive, blood type, food and drug and they converted vast provinces into complete deserts.zu The great island allergies, illnesses and medical

of Cyprus was an uninhabited waste for seven years after the Turkomans and surgical treatments. It helps

took iim The Goths in a single battle your doctor to help you and your entirely exterminated the Sciri (Jordanes, Ch. 53), as the Huns family. Now you can easily keep

did the Scythians and Alans, and as the Mongols did the Tartars. 213 The an accurate medical history of

Mongols themselves met retribution in 1732 when their own kinsmen, the your children and yourself. Ask for

Manchus, wiped out ninetenths of the Oret Mongols in a Chinesein- your personal copy of the 24page spired project aimed at the complete obliteration of both sides. 214 Such Health Passport, offered by Prudential

mutual suicides of nations were not uncommon: the Kin and the Hsia and dedicated to better health and

Hsia, the two greatest empires of their day and as closely related in blood a longer life for you and your family.

as were the people of Shiz and

Coriantumr, engaged in fifteen years of warfare that wiped out eighteen million people—a figure that makes

Ether's two million 215 (Ibid., 15:2) look -JTC6'from your Prudential Agent..

rather paltry.

Incidentally, the wars of Genghiz No obligation.

Khan cost China alone forty million lives! 215 The Hunnish Jao

Dynasty of the North and the Dsin Empire of the South almost quietusachieved during mutual a The PRUDENTIAL "neither side was whichcivil war in INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA to untilwilling the make peace LIFE MUTUAL A INSURANCE COMPANY 2U

CALIF. OFFICE,other LOS ANGELES, completely WESTERN crushed. In HOME was

(Continued on following page) APRIL 1952 263 THE WORLD OF THE JAREDITES (Continued from preceding page) and the Babylonian gods have from shrine the first century B.C., the Huns toApolloshrine,(II. I,i.e.,37ff)fromandcastlePoseidonto castle,(e.g. Od.as

divided to follow two brothers, Jiji V, 381) do in the beginning.

and Huhansie. Twenty years of war 1S4A. Jirku, "Aufsteig u. Niedergang der

followed, and the deadlock was only Hyksos,"]nl. Palest. Or. Soc. XII (1932), 49His- the Early F. Albright, "Egypt & 61; W. when in 43 B.C. Jiji's people in

Ed. 134; IV of the (1924), Negeb,"Ibid. tory

despair finally fled west in the best Meyer, Gesch, des Altert. II. 1.72. For dates

Jaredite manner, leaving "vast see W. F. Albright, The Archaeology of

stretches of land bare and deserted"Palestine (Penguin Books, 1951), pp. 85, 109.

behind them. 216 185Hoernes, Natur- u. Urgesch., II, 396.

This sort of history should con- (1950),E. A.47Speiser,ff; Hurrianin ]nlwordsAm.forOr.armorSoc. LXXindivince the most skeptical that the cate central Asian origin, id., p. 49.

Book of Ether is not exaggerating in 1S7Wittfogel & Chiasheng, in Am. Phil.

what it tells us either of what hapSoc. Transactions XXXXVI, 663; H. Hascit., 237. op. lund, p. scale or of the pened of events. The

See Desert, p. 264. Cable, Gobi The lf*M.

is a conservative one picture whole Fell, Russian especially and Nomad E. N.

by Asiatic standards but by the same (N.Y.; 1916), p. 9f.

standards completely authentic. 1SBThe whole question is treated in my

179. note, articles cited above, left behind the Jaredites was two Prawdin, J90Krause, Cingis pp. 1427; Han, for "... with bones, For The Best a landWhatlittered 147ff. Empire, Mongol pp.

so swift and speedy was the war,"i,1Darmesteter, op. cit., II, p. 148. A dethat "... the whole face of the land scription of the technique of "drawing off"Water was covered with the bodies of the another's supporters is in AlFakhri's AlHeating dead,"tion later(Ibid.,"...14:21f),their bonesand alaygenerascat- Adah(Cairo),192McGovem,asSultaniahp. 5. Early walDaula-l-IslamiyahEmpires, p. 143; cf.

tered in the land northward."(Omni Nibley, Wstn. Pol. Quart. IV, 244fT.

74. 1927), p. Athenaion, Service—Kiev1:22.)yearsA medievalafter the traveler,great warspassingbe- (Potsdam:193Max Pieper, Die Aegyptische Literatur

I, 191Luckenbill, Anc. Records

tween the Mongol and Russian cf. II, 124 (No. 247): "I seized 57,him60,alive40,

hordes, reports: "When we were with my own hands,"etc., speaking of the

traveling through this country, we rival king. USE found an innumerable multitude of Herodotus IV, 126 IV, 11; Jordanes,

xxx; Creasy, Hist, of the Ottoman Goth, dead men's skulls and bones lying Bell.

p. 46. Turks,

upon the earth."Far away, in Corn190Krause, op. cit., p. 26; H. Haslund, ELECTRICITY mania and Cangle, "we found many Men & Gods in Mongolia, p. 155.

skulls and bones lying upon the 197Vernadsky, Anc. Russia, p. 298; G. N.

ground like cattledung."All the Roerich, Trails to Inmost Asia, p. 368; C. R.

living inhabitants, he notes, were reBeazley,(London, The1901)DawnII, 267.of Modern Geography 217

duced to slavery. Where burial was 19SB. Meissner, Babylonien u. Assyrien I,

at all possible after such battles, the 112; Haslund, loc. cit.

Ch. 16, in Komroff, op. cit., 1B9Carpini, to practical procedure only heap was UTAH POWER 26. p. great piles bodies in cover and up the

des Orientale Grousset, 200R. UAsie

Presses (Paris: Siecle Origines au XVe & LIGHT CO. themtumuli withover them,"earth, as "erectingwhen the wholegreat taires, 307; Hoernes, 1941), pp. 304f, Univers

Naiman nation was buried in mounds Nat.-u. Urgesch. II, 392403.

after its destruction. Joinville, 201Luckenbill, Anc. Records II, 99 (No.

traveling a whole year through Asia 176).

to reach the court of "the cham of 202Budge, Chronogr. of Bar Hebraeus I,

Tartary,"saw all along the road of 465.

124. 2Ibid., p. "large of conquest Tartar OFFER... mounds WE

of leitmotiv the is wellnigh A 204This COMPLETE of bones."219 the pre- A comparison

'Ajaib alSERVICE ENGRAVING Kitab of Timur, Life Arabshah's

From Missionary Portraits to the Largest historic mounds of Asia and America Maqdur, etc. (Cairo, A. H. 1335); princes

Catalogues. is still to be undertaken. when defeated regularly become highway

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention (To be continued) robbers according to Chinese annals, Krause, beAttila's 24. descendants cit., p. op. UTAH CO. ENGRAVING BIBLIOGRAPHY heirs though bands of robber leaders came

St. 113 Regent Salt Lake City, Utah Bell. Goth. Jordanis, e.g. empire, world 180Nibley, Wstn. Pol. Quart. IV (1951), to

238ff. Ch. 58. That this is the primordial state

'slIhid., pp. 226230. of things appear from Darmesteter, Zend1S2Darmesteter, op. cit., II, 65. Avesta II, p. 171.

Read and Keep 18SM.1S3aThePrawdin,earliest Mongolkings areEmpire,always p.described162. 205Budge,206Herodot.op.IV,cit.,64,I, 66,103,70;11 Iff.Pliny HN VII,

as perpetually "going the rounds."Thus ii, 10; Ammianus, Ch. 31; Luckenbill, Anc.

The Improvement Era Pharaoh in the Pyramid Texts "goes the Records II, 396 (No. 1050); Budge, op. cit.

rounds"of the Two Regions as of the skies, I, 465; McGovern, Anc. Empires, p. 54.

264 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 207Arabshah, op. cit., pp. 4-6, lists great m

world conquerors who propagated the belief that they were devils. Cf. Lipkin,

Manas Vyelikodushniy, pp. 14ff, 18, etc.

208M. E. Moghadam, in ]nl. Am. Or. Soc.

58 (1938), p. 662; cf. L. Thorndike, "All

the World's a Chessboard,"Speculum VI the nU. J IS ITS OW

p. 461.(1931),

209Krause, op. cit., p. 26; Grousset,

L'Asie Orientate, p. 291.

210Luckenbill, Anc. Records II, 311 (No.811); 152 (No. 340). EST SALESMA

211Prawdin, op. cit., pp. 191f, 469, 472.

ai2Constantine Porphyrogenitus, De admin, imper. xlvii, in Patrol. Graec. 113, col. 365.

213Eunapius, ch. vi, in PG 113, 656f;

McGovern, Early Empires, p. 366.

2UH. Haslund, Men and Gods in Mongolia,

p. 206f. 21-'Prawdin, op. cit., pp. 221, 329.

218McGovern, op. cit., pp. 335, 189191.

217Carpini, Ch. 13, 21, in Komroff, Contemps, of M. Polo, pp. 22, 37.

21sKrause, op. cit., p. 17.

21uJoinville, Memoirs (Trs. T. Johnes) I,

"A YOUNG GIRL'S PRAYER"By Patricia Austin Hayes Dear Lord, today I am sixteen. My feet are on the threshold

of young girlhood, and the "road of life"lies ahead clear and JOHN DEEREshining. I don't askr for fame andfortune, but only for the things No. 5 Power Mower

that really count. As I journey

down this "road of life,"I want TER since its introduction in 1934, the John Deere No. 5 Power

it to be with unfaltering steps. Help Mower has been selling like hot cakes. Never has a tractor mower

tractor has a and never hay growers, top priority such among to off from keep wandering on heldme fast, in that counts in everything completely up so measured mower little bethe temptation, paths of clean, lowcost mowing.

I challengescause to meet the want

Working of life unfailing with courage and acres a day—cutswith anycleanmakeas a ofwhistletractor,in theany No.crop,5 anymowsfield.fromSimple,2 5 todur35

faith. Let me be proud and unable, easy to hook up, it's a tractor mower through and through. Its

ashamed, and keep the threads of flexible caster wheel and hinged drawbar carriage, and its dependable my life from becoming tangled and safetySimplereleaseadjustmentsfeatureskeephavethe beenNo. 5copiedcuttingby likemanynewbutdownequalledthroughby none.the

broken, because, when I've reached years.

I lifethe close earth, of here on oil drive. enclosed which runs in frame.. strong, wellbraced The

like of a beautithe it to be endwant lift accuratelyfitted,.. long-... and easy. high, hand or hydraulic

ful day, peaceful and loved, to be wearing cutting parts are other features that help make the John Deere remembered with pleasant thoughts the top tractor mower money can buy.

and kind words. See your John Deere dealer for complete information.

Help me, dear Lord, to keep myself pure and untouched for the man I will marry someday and for

Moline, Illinoisthe children I will bear. Give me JOHN DEERE

the knowledge and understanding to &*% 5Ss Mail This Coupon Today! Dept D50

help those have strayed I and who: 'Ifallen wayside. Give by the me 'Vliii3'.rr.TVIH'JJTTTl

faith in the finer things of life and Please send me free folder on the John Deere No. 5 1

the courage to stand by my ideals. Power Mower. II

All these things I ask of you, for I

I know that alone I cannot fight Name. I

the temptations life offers, but with I your help I can make my life worth Town. II

while and my happiness complete. R.R..Box State I

,, I APRIL 1952 265:>OvJv>X3\J\9W>3W?

FAMILY HOUR (Concluded from page 223) One of our fifteenyear-old grandEach family unit took its turn at sons, Grant Smith, gave an inspiring presiding, having the program outit lined and prepared. We planned to talk the same evening on "What

have two talks each evening by our means to honor our priesthood."Our

older grandchildren, and time was granddaughters and our ten grandshared with the little ones, then a sons have given beautiful expressions short skit was prepared by the older which have made us older ones feel group, a game or two, some good humbly grateful.

laughter, our song and closing prayer, and all leaving, not too late, and We bear our testimony to the value counting the weeks till the next famof the "Family Hour"which came to ily evening. us through our inspired Church

The evening Regina was here our Authorities.

eldest grandson, Ray Riggs, who had

Sincerely, just passed his eighteenth birthday, gave a beautiful talk: "What I feel /s/ Don F. and Mary West Riggs

I have most to be thankful for."Grandparents

APPLE PIE IN APRIL

(Continued from page 246) "You reckon they sell licorice to use guile with these men! A. here?"he asked, vaguely.

titilating sound struck their ears. "Oh, yes!"Beth answered, as

"The hand organ man!"Beth Uncle pulled out the old wallet again.

and Eddie screamed together, clingThen she added, importantly, "Eddie, ing in rapture to their respective you stay here and help Uncle with sides of the buggy. Uncle always Prince!"

deemed it wisdom to sit between them. "Happen they have any of that

A slap of the reins and Prince gum in long sticks, you might get changed his gait again. This varied some of that, too,"Uncle said. Beth

procedure, he mused, was really too marched into the store, stepping much for his years! regally over the roller skates and

Around the corner by the school rubber balls of the children who did was a thick knot of children. From not have a buggy to ride in. She

the vantage point of the buggy seat, returned, carrying in one hand

Uncle and the children could see the snaky strips of what might be rubber squat Italian and his organ, propped shoelaces but which, upon masticaon the ground by the short stick attion, proved to be licorice. In the

tached to it. He ground out the other she held aloft red, white, and

beguiling strains of "The Blue Danblue-striped paper sticks of an espeube"to small, entranced ears. At the cially satisfying gum which chewed

end of a rope, a monkey in a red up like candle wax flavored with suit, and looking for all the world peppermint. With the change, she

HULMAN & COMPANY. TERRE HAUTE, IND like his master, collected pennies and had invested in some coneshaped

nickels in a tin cup while he held chocolates which, upon a sharp bite,:>>jnx>v>>J;>5v5s3 his red cap in his other hand. exuded a cherry syrup which ran

The Italian pulled the monkey to down her chin. Beth wasn't sure

his shoulder again and moved tohow Uncle would get along with ward the buggy. The monkey leaped any of it, what with his mustache

into Beth's lap, and she squealed and false teeth, but since he had

CBccacg with joy and terror. Uncle found paid for it, it was only polite to offer

PIKES PEAR some pennies in his old wallet, and him some. But he shook his head

FLOUR tinthe cup.children dropped them into the again.and pulled Prince into a jogging trot

With FOUR It took quite awhile to watch the "I ain't sure what the effect would

Extra Baking monkey. Then they jogged along, be, me bein'along in years. I'll wait

Advantages past Turpin's grocery store, outlined and see what it does to you young'uns with the gold and yellow of oranges first."

SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS and lemons on the sidewalk like The sun had warmed up the lawns 425 West 5th South globes of spring itself. Uncle pulled along the street to a new green, and

Salt Lake City, Utah Prince up beneath a soft maple that lilacs were fatbudded. Crocuses

dropped red tassels in their laps. flecked the grass like broken rain266 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

bows. Tulips pushed up red noses

impaled with leaves like clowns jumping through circus hoops. Sidewalks were full of skipping ropes and

small rubber balls that bounced back at you at the end of a long elastic. Come out of theBut Beth and Eddie had more thanthese things; they had a buggy and clouds and

a lapful of intriguing sweets which their mother, Beth reflected, would not have condoned, not all at once!

With a wad of licorice in one cheek and candied cherries running down their chins, they rode through the spring afternoon like royalty.

Uncle sat straight as a Viking and slapped Prince repeatedly into the gallop that he repeatedly forgot. The

icewagon horse was startled out of W'mm a year's oats as Prince came around the corner with Uncle slapping the reins and clucking. The grocer boy's

horse jerked at his blinders and snatched at his bit and tried to follow them but thought better of it and went back to drooping between his shafts again.

The April air seeped under Uncle's old hat, which he had not changed, he suddenly remembered. If they

should meet Aunt—but Aunt had

gone the other way, and the spring sun was heady. He lifted his mustache and from under it rolled the Build your future at the "U"

delicious strains of "Land of Jubilo"Ifs wonderful to dream, but the fulfillment of dreams and "Marching Through Georgia."requires hard work and study.

The children joined him, kicking the The University of Utah, one of America's great unifront of the buggy to keep time. Peoversities, offers students of this state opportunities and

ple looked up and laughed, but Unadvantages that can be found at no other institution of cle did not notice them. They were learning.

having a wonderful time!

Ahead the river gleamed blue as an opal. Now how did we get way For full information, write It J) Office of the President

up here! he thought. Church was

right the other way. He pulled sudmr?&

dently on the reins. Before he could

persuade Prince to turn around, Beth UNIVERSITY of UTAHlaid her hand on the reins. SALT LAKE CITY—UTAH

"Uncle, it's Mayflower time,"she said. "And we're almost to the Pond

Road!"Eddie could not control himself and began to kick violently at w rr

the dashboard in his happiness. "Well, we got this far, reckon we BURNED OUT

may as well take a turn up that REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY way,"Uncle said into his mustache.

"But I got to get that pie to the A fire may mean you are out of a place to live, church."with tremendous added expense before you find

The Pond Road was still muddy in another.

places, and Prince made a chore out Let us explain your need for ample insurance of climbing it. The pond was the to cover today's higher values.

town water supply, and woe betide anyone caught fishing or boating or UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY swimming there! But it was a magic HEBER J. GRANT & CO., Gen. Agent, Salt Lake

place where chestnuts fell into the (Continued on page 269) APRIL 1952 267 2>S\!iNS:Ssiw

WHY THIS NEW TESTAMENT -rom, mcoivi 5 RICHARD L. EVANS

IS THE PERFECT n the days and years before and immediately following I the martyrdom of Abraham Lincoln, many earnest and

GIFT AT EASTER eminent men expressed themselves concerning his qualifications and contributions to his country From these we sample some few excerpts at this hour, first one from Frederick

This year, you can help those you love to Douglass, born to the people whose slavery was at issue.

share more fully in the joy of the Easter As to Lincoln, he said: "We saw him, measured him, and

season by giving the Revised Standard estimated him; not by stray utterances... not by isolated

Version of the New Testament—the facts torn from their connection; nor by any partial and

Word of Life in living language. imperfect glimpses, caught at inopportune moments; but by

a broad survey, in the light of the stern logic of great events:

Would you help a new generation grow and,... we came to the conclusion that the hour and the

in faith? Clear and vigorous, the Reman of our redemption had met in the person of Abraham

vised Standard Version is ideal for Lincoln.... His moral training was against his saying

young people. There are no obscure, one thing when he meant another."1

oldfashioned phrases to confuse them, From Daniel Dougherty, speaking during Lincoln's lifeor dull their eagerness to read. time on "The Perils of the Republic,"came these words:

.. like people, scenes these events. the a "Amid all andIs someone you love beset by doubts?

...... evil sleeping drunkard, will not. the.. and awake

Many feel troubled and anxious in our spirits of the nation, with whom fair is foul and foul is modern world: the Revised Standard fair,... are... dancing around the boiling cauldron of

Version of the New Testament can help partisan hate,... [yet] knowing that in this dread crisis

them find peace of mind, for it clearly whatever our fate, all must share it alike.... [The people]

reveals the warm assurance of God's have deceived themselves and been deceived.... and partisan

love. It brings a richer understanding leaders have flattered their follies, praised their weaknesses,

of His Word—dispelling anxieties and... and made them believe even defeats in the field were

doubts—because it makes its meaning strategic triumphs."But of Abraham Lincoln: "No fair man

plain in language all can understand. can question his personal integrity and patriotic motives."2

By Josiah Gilbert Holland, these words were spoken four

To bring real pleasure to someone who days following Lincoln's death: "... You, Christian men

knows and loves the Bible, the Revised who have voted, and voted, and voted again, for impure

Standard Version of the New Testamen, for selfish men, for drunkards, for unprincipled men ment is the perfect gift.... have learned a lesson from the life and achievements of

Mr. Lincoln which you cannot forget without sin against

authoritative on the mostBased manu-.. crime against country. your witGod and. We have ancient than any morescripts—some in the highest seat nessed the Christian power of wisdom

previously known—it is really our oldest and the might of a humble, praying man. Let us see that

NewTestament. Religious leaders praise we remain a Christian nation—that our votes are given to

it as more accurate than the King James no man who cannot bring to his work the power which has

Version... yet it preserves the poetic made the name of Abraham Lincoln one of the brightest

beauty which literal translations which illustrates the annals of the nation.... "3

sacrifice. Thus spoke the contemporaries of Abraham Lincoln,

Authorized Version Widely Used who lived and died with the prayer and purpose "that this nation, under God [should] have a new birth of freedom,

The Revised Standard Version of the... and... [should] not perish from the earth."4

New Testament is authorized by the

National Council of the Churches of "7/ Jpoken lAJord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

Christ in the U.S.A. Nearly two million PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

copies have already been sold. SYSTEM, FEBRUARY 10, 1952

At Easter, let it bring renewed iniFrederick Douglass, What the Black Man Wants, Delivered at the Copyright,annual meeting1952 spiration to those you love. of the2DanielMassachusettsDougherty,AntiSlaveryAddress onSocietythe Perilsat Boston,of the 1865.Republic.

April Massachusetts, 19, 1865.

Address."4"Gettysburg THOMAS NELSON & SONS 3Josiah Gilbert Holland, Eulogy of Abraham Lincoln, Delivered in Springfield,

19 East 47th Street, New York

268 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Apple Pie In April

(Continued from page 267) iry leaves in October, and you could take picnics on its shore in the summer. In spring there were arbutus

and checkerberries along the road.

Uncle got out and let down the bars, and Beth drove importantly through while Uncle put them up again. Farmer Newman kept his

cows in here. A brook gallivanted

down the hillside like a thing possessed. Beth looked at it yearningly.

If she and Eddie were not in the buggy and in a hurry, they would have cleared it of its spring melee of sticks and stones and leaves. Uncle

would have helped, too. But they

had to get the pie to the church!

Prince was in no hurry; he stopped

achingly at every water bar that,&& on, Sout&,,,

Uncle called "thankyou-marms."

"Someday,"Uncle said, "I bet you $o t6e TV**? l6e IEPHVRS they'll build up here in these woods. 4

Like they did in town. I remember For the utmost in travel pleasure... go the Way of

woods once where the school is tothe Zephyrs. Relax and enjoy the smooth, effortless

day."speed... comfortable airconditioning... delightful

He stopped the buggy under a meals... deepcushioned, reclining coach seats...

birch tree that shook gold tassels private rooms or standard berths in sleeping cars.

to the blue sky. The pink porcelain There's no extra fare!

of arbutus was thick in the sun. The To Chicago, direct from Salt Lake City aboard the

children climbed out over the wheel, VistaDome California Zephyr. Leave at 5:40 any

although Uncle cramped it around morning... enjoy daylight VistaDome views of the

for them. It was more fun that way. scenic Rockies... arrive Denver 7:00 that evening,

Uncle wound the reins around the Omaha 4:55 AM, Chicago 1:30 the next afternoon.

whip and climbed stiffly down. SudOr, if you prefer to spend some time in Denver, ride

denly he gave a cry of pure anguish the Denver Zephyr from the milehigh city...

and paused with one foot in the air leaving at 4:00 PM, arriving Omaha 1:10 AM,

like a great beetle. Beth screamed. Chicago 9:05 AM.

"Uncle! You've stepped in the To Texas, ride the Texas Zephyr. Leave Denver

pie!"Her eyes were popping with 12:01 PM, arrive Ft. Worth 6:00 AM, Dallas 7:15 AM.

horror. Uncle stared unbelievingly Direct connecting service arrives Houston 1:35 PM.

at his foot.

"I clean forgot that pie being H. J. W ALTHER, General Agent

there,"he said, his mustache twitch218 Kearns Building Burlington ing angrily. "You young'uns!"He Phone: 3-6465

got down and wiped his shoe careSALT LAKE CITY, UTAH fully on the grass. "Never mind about

them flowers! We're going home!"

"There's no use hurryin'home with > '.-mBmB-o-mmm-i. <- < I <m- <) ( >- | > 4H0** u -m-< >*

that pie now,"Beth said sharply. THE"We might just as well get some

Mayflowers."She pulled at the READAND-KEEP IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS

woody stems recklessly, cramming THEher arms full. Eddie crowded his IMPROVEMENTERA Aids in treatment of Canker, simple

the scarlet checkerberries, withhands throat and other minor mouth ENDS sore CAMPAIGNbright leathery, their as blood among irritations. and throat APRIL 23last toleaves. year's Uncle came

ward them in two long strides. Urge your friends to renew

"How many times I got to tell their subscriptions now.you not to pull up the roots like HALLS REMEDY

that! First thing you know, there This is the big

won't be no Mayflowers on this year for the Era. Salt Lake City, Utah

(Continued on following page) APRIL 1952 269 BE YOU Apple Pie In April TOO CAN MISSIONARY! A preceding page) {Continued from

and it becometh every hath been man who jackknife his old road."He opened warned—D. to&C.warn88:81his neighbor. stems. carefully cut the tough and

GIVE OR SEND THIS BOOK TO A Then he marshalled them firmly into

NONMEMBER, RELATIVE OR FRIEND! the buggy. He backed Prince

around in the narrow road.

PROVE TO OTHERS YOUR RELIGIOUS "Uncle, you're gonna hit the stone

BELIEFS FROM THE HOLY BIBLE. wall!"Eddie squealed rapturously.

His face fell when Uncle safely

OVER 900 DEFINITE BIBLICAL QUOTAmaneuvered Prince past the stone

TIONS CONFIRMING THE DIVINITY OF wall and down the road. He touched

THE TEACHINGS OF THE CHURCH OF him sharply with the whip at every

JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS. thankyou-marm, which Prince resented with such gusto that the chilBOOK A ON ONE OF THE STANDARD WORKS

dren clung to the buggy sides as they L.D.S. THE OF CHURCH.

rocketed down the road.

NOT THE COMPILER'S OWN IDEAS OR INTER- "I don't see,"Beth said breathlessPRETATIONS DOCTRINE, IN OF CHURCH BUT ly, "why you have to hurry—now! THE TEACHINGS HARMONY WITH THE OF

CHURCH. You can't bring that pie to church!"

"Might's well face the music and have it over!"Uncle said between

tight lips. "Reckon it'll be a whole

orchestra, too!"ICuntu Hthl?(King James Version) % went up and down in The bars IDEAL FOR LATTERDAY SAINTS HELPFUL TO "SINGLEAND MOST the while record time Prince pawed FAMILIES MEMBER"INVESTIGATORS AND

If a ride, ground. he they wanted ENLARGED FOURTH EDITION...... Extra 251 Pages 35 Pages... Cloth Binding $2.00

Autographed Copies Postpaid Direct from the Compiler and Publisher would give them one! He tossed

laps of into the clods of April mud B. BENJAMIN

148 First Avenue Telephone the tormentors. 3-5220ALWARD Salt Lake City 3, Utah his down He swung

Also on sale at: THE DESERET BOOK CO.; BOOKCRAFT, or your Church book dealer. main street as if, for once in his life,

he had his heart's desire and was on the fire engine!

Aunt was waiting on the back It's not too late to porch. Her big hat with the shiny

wings shivered on her head, and her

Register for Spring Quarter stiff shirtwaist heaved until her watch, pinned to it with a fleurde-lis, at L.D.S. Business College vibrated like a motorboat. She picked

up her heavy black skirt in both hands and followed the buggy into barn. on earth, Beth the How flu It Now! could thought, she know?

Aunt charged across the barn floor

Register for a general business or secretarial course. Sign and pulled up nearer to Prince's

of the special up for one classes in "HySpeed Longheels than she had ever let herself hand."Speed""Hyis an improved form of abbreviated

longhand... practical, fast and easy to learn. Send come before! Her face was scarlet,

for FREE BOOKLET on HySpeed Longhand. Also classes in simplified and she held Uncle with a furious

Gregg shorthand. All classes both day and evening. Don't delay, phone in eye. Beth and Eddie held their

today or call in and visit the classes. breath.

You're cordially welcome at "You should have known,"Aunt cried, suddenly almost in tears, "that

row! I got too much on my mind, BUSINESS COLLEGE the church supper ain't till tomor70 NO. MAIN - 3-2765 - SALT LAKE CITY with spring cleaning and Mis'Bigsby

down sick! Don't unhitch that horse.

Now you've had him out traipsin'all over town with those young ones!

Put your Eras each month in a convenient, atUp the Pond Road again, I'll be

Monthto-Month tractive binder. At the end of the year have bound!"She eyed the arbutus in

BINDERS them bound permanently or use the Monthto- Beth's lap. "Turn right round and

FOR THE ERA Month binder permanently. It's durable. go back to the church and get that Only $1.75—Postage 15c pie. The whole town'll be laughin'

at me for leavin'my pie settin'on 270 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the church steps all afternoon!"Her

voice broke. Her reputation was

ruined, she who never missed a supper.church

Slowly Uncle reached under the Building lap robe. The children watched him

in frozen silence. He held out mutelywhat was left of the pie. tomorrow's

"Forgot to leave it at all,"he said.

"Had a little accident with it, too."youth

Aunt's eyes bulged like marbles.

She gazed at the mess of apple in unbelief, wrath, and finally, thankfulness. She let her breath out

slowly. Then she clutched her skirt

high above the litter of the stable floor and turned back to the house.

At the barn door she turned, holding up her skirt on each side like a fan.

"You might as well all come into the house and eat up some of those The Salt Lake Tribune's 1952 offer of doughnuts I made."She looked at six scholarships to Utah's three

the three pairs of feet dangling from institutions of higher learning is the buggy like so many pendulums. prompted by a conscientious desire of

"But don't a one of you go further'n The Tribune to aid in the seasoning of the kitchen. Been traipsin''round

the woods again!"As she crossed leadership for tomorrow. For six

the yard to the house, they heard her promising young persons the add, to herself, "I'll make another scholarships will be a strong helping pie tomorrow and take it up to the hand - for hundreds of others an meetinghouse myself. Can't trust inspiration to strive for ever higher

him for a minute when those young goals. For The Salt Lake Tribune

ones are around."

the plan is still another opportunity to

She hadn't said one word, Beth thought, as they climbed down from serve as the tie that binds the the buggy, about which one stepped Intermountain West.

in the pie!

Spirituality and Armed Conflict

(Continued from page. 244)

ness by Father Lehi speaking to his sons: The Salt Lake Tribune

And the Messiah cometh in the fulness ONE OF AMERICA'S GREAT NEWSPAPERS of time, that he may redeem the children of men from the fall. And because that

they are redeemed from the fall they have become free forever, knowing good from evil; to act for themselves and not to be

acted upon, save it be by the punishment of the law at the great and last day, according to the commandments which God Stories! of Upmnsi Wt Hobe

hath given.

Wherefore, men are free according to By Cecilia Margaret Rudin, M.A.

the flesh; and all things are given them A Book to Own, Enjoy and Give

are expedientwhich unto man. And they Writing Inspired of Hymn Years 400are free to choose liberty and eternal life stories. folks get enjoyment Busy grown its dramatic love life, HflM Children

its vivid, brief chapters. Scholars reading minutes even a fewthrough of the great mediation all men, from

authenticity. its and research appreciate

captivity to chooseor according and death, to the captivity and power of the devil; for NEW EDITION—NEW ART BINDING

he seeketh that all men might be miserable Hymnsand otherby greatLuther,writers.Wesley, Stebbins, Bliss, Fanny Crosby, Issac Watts

like unto himself. (II Nephi 2:2627.) Gives tne inspiration and human drama behind such favorites as

"Nearer My God To Thee", "Old Rugged Cross", "Abide With Me"and many others.

Samuel, the Lamanite prophet, Beautifully printed and illustrated, only $1.25. (Mailing charge 10c).

teaches the same doctrine: Order your copy and a gift supply from your Dealer today or

INC. And now remember, remember, my brethJOHN RUDINPublishers of&THE COMPANYBOOK OF LIFE

perisheth,ren, that whosoever perisheth 1018 S. WABASH AVE. Dept. IE CHICAGO 5, ILL.

(Continued page) on following APRIL 1952 271 Spirituality and Armed Conflict

{Continued from preceding page)

it for himself; behold, ye are unto

act are permitted for yourselves; to Bathroom luxury doethuntofree; himself;ye and whosoever doeth iniquity,

TOILET TISSUE forknowledgebehold, andGod hehathhathgivenmadeuntoyouyoufree.a

He hath given unto you that ye might

Add a new luxury to your bathknow good from evil, and he hath given room for not a penny moreunto you that ye might choose life or death;

unto be restored good and can do and ye Toilet Tissue costs no MD that which is good, or have that which than more ordinary tissue!

or you; ye restored unto can do good Next time you

is evil restored shop, buy isevil, that have which and rolls several of MD! 14:3031.) you. (Helaman unto

During the missionary work of Alma and Amulek in the land of

Ammonihah, they were arrested and forced to witness the burning of those whom they had converted:

And when Amulek saw the pains of the women and children who were consuming in the fire, he also was pained; and he

said unto Alma: How can we witness this

awful scene? Therefore let us stretch forth

our hands, and exercise the power of God which is in us, and save them from the flames.

But Alma said unto him: The Spirit

constraineth me that I must not stretch forth mine hand; for behold the Lord receiveth them up unto himself, in glory;

and he doth suffer that they may do this thing, or that the people may do this thing unto them, according to the hardness of their hearts, that the judgments which

innocent of the the blood just; be andNEW LUNDWALL BOOK hemayshall exercise'upon them in his wrath

against them, a witness as shall stand

RARE PRICELESS DATA and cry mightily against them at the yea,last

Representing 12 years of research day. (Alma 14:1011.)

The Fate of the Persecutors The distinctive skills that are Estey have been of Alma'sthe problem.answer Godgoes willto notthe interheart

bringyears, in than 100 for more of the responsible, fere with the free agency of his of ing to churches inspiring music and chapels

Prophet Joseph Smith worship and devotion. Whatever the model, an children that his judgments may be

is is Estey tonal there a Organ stop to expect just, masterpiece—and can him nor we Dr. A. With Foreword John by to special needs, reed organ fit your Widtsoe a from for the evil same in our day wars and the practical, lowcost, portable and FOLDING * * * of compensation the reason. law But to the superb JUNIOR, Illustrations SYMPHONIC Contents with Rare Chapters by

or Priced to from CATHEDRAL. for $175 Himself Speaks Joseph 1—The Prophet This wicked. the catches up with

of Prophet the Greatness Joseph 2—The plus tax $1075, and freight. Organ

of the Saints the Prophet and 3—Persecutions clearly is stated Mormon: by law invited for committees to write are Preachers by Led Modern 4—Persecution

details free and the Against Prophet Joseph 5—Conspiracies

Jail Liberty will illustrated 6—Imprisonment foldof the judgments behold, God But,

to Escape Only Martyrdom 7—The Wayin Consult us wicked the it is by wicked; and the overtake to of Prophet the His Farewells 8—Personal

for builtto- too Friends it is the for are punished; wicked the that

Richards Willard by Martyrdom and John 9—The plan Pipe Orchil- of the stir hearts the that wicked up Taylor gans. to Prophet's Permitted be Not Body Mu10—The bloodshed. (Mormon of unto dren men tilated

11—Comments of Friends and Foes on the Martyr- 4:5.)

dom 12—Preparation and Funeral of the Martyrs.

of the Mourning Sorrow and13—The Saints Wars Turn the Nations Away from

Identity Trial of the Murderers and14—The

15—The Prophet Joseph in Zion's Camp God

16—Physical and Mental Suffering of the Persecutors Mormon observed that wars came

PRICE $3.00 PER COPY about because of the wickedness of. of..Also compiler

Vision The of the Temples Most High men and are destructive of both life

Masterful Assorted DiscoursesGems of Pricelessof OrsonValuePratt and faith.

Like Faith the Ancients poverty that the suppose might One Inspired Prophetic Warnings would resulting from war misery individuals sendBookstores and orders to: ESTEY ORGAN and CORPORATION to N. B. but listen God, Lundwall back people 50 Birge Street turn Compiler Publisher and of observer great of a words to the 2033 Box

Salt Lake City, Utah BRATTLEBORO, VERMONT the rise and fall of nations:

272 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA And it came to pass that when I, Mormon, saw their lamentation and their mourning and their sorrow before the Lord, my heart did begin to rejoice within me, knowingthe mercies and the longsuffering of the EYE CARE

Lord, therefore supposing that he would be merciful unto them that they would again ISA become a righteous people.

But behold this my joy was vain, fortheir sorrowing was not unto repentance, FAMILY because of the goodness of God; but it was

rather the sorrowing of the damned, beAFFAIH cause the Lord would not always suffer them to take happiness in sin.

And they did not come unto Jesus with broken hearts and contrite spirits, but they did curse God, and wish to die. Neverthe- 'A

less they would struggle with the sword for their lives.

And it came to pass that my sorrow did Make a yearly eye examination return unto me again, and I saw that the a tradition in your family. No habit

day of grace was passed with them, both is more necessary or valuable to your temporally and spiritually; for I saw thoufamily's health and success. Visit the

sands of them hewn down in open rebellion skilled optometrists at Standard Optical, totheiragainst as heaped God, and dung up day. appointment necessary. Open 9 a.m No

face of the land. three thus theupon And daily to 6 p.m. except Sunday. forty years fourhundred had and and

passed away. (Mormon 2:1215.)

This is also true in our day. Thetwo world wars have nearly emptied PAY NOTHING DOWN

the churches of Europe, and spiritualONLY $1 A WEEK ity has sunk to a new low.

Where Shall the Church Stand? SianclarcL

What then shall be the position OGDEN PROVO LOGAN PRICE IDAHO FALLS 273 South Main in Salt Lake of the Church in time of war? Clearly

the Church shall use all of its influence to avoid war between nations and individuals. This is best done you know that

by preaching the gospel of Jesus

Christ to all men by precept andexample, that mankind might come wives fly for halffare to love peace and abhor war. on Western's Family Plan?

But the Church also believes in the right of preserving life and liberty Yes, you can take your wife and will encourage its members to with you for halffare any Monfight for their preservation against day, Tuesday, or Wednesday.

aggressor nations. Further, a memJust buy a regular ticket for

ber of the Church who is called yourself and a halffare ticket to serve his nation in the cause of for your wife.

freedom may enter into battle with confidence that so long as his desires You'll like the speed and comare righteous, God's Spirit will not fort of Western's big, deluxe desert him, and if death overtakes airliners. For example, the

him on the field of battle, he will be flight from Salt Lake City received by that God who gave him to Los Angeles takes only life. 3 hours, 20 minutes!

LEAP YEAR

By Nell Griffith Wilson

of monthTn this * can a leapsay—"No"?year wooing For fares and schedules, call ERICA'S qLOfST AIRUNE How man

When a crocus warms old winter's heart or visit Western's ticket office in your city, or

And pushes through the snow. see your authorized travel agent. tmmmm

APRIL 1952 273 THE MEANING OF ARBOR DAY

(Concluded from page 231) I submit that this emphasis on our should haunt every treeloving citinatural forests is a timely topic and zen throughout the year. Many of one thoroughly in keeping with the

these wasted trees come from privatepurposes and ideals of Arbor Day.

lyowned property on your waterAs a public we need to regard our sheds. Yet the mere insistence by city as an integral part of the mounthe public on proper tagging would tainous forested area that actually

readily solve this evil. supports it. The beauty that we

INSURANCE areasTheliesfourthin thebasicrealmuse ofofourrecreation.forested createbe a symbolhere throughof our determinationplanting shouldto

For Every Purpose This constitutes the greatest popular preserve the pristine glory of our use of forest lands. Last year native forests.

Your local Kolob Agent offers a 110,000 people hunted big game timesaving, moneysaving service for in Utah and many thousands fished "He that planteth a tree is a servant all write can he insurance your

In needs. he can save you our streams. Practically every citiof God this way

costly overlapping and avoid danzen at some time or other enjoyed He provideth a kindness for many gerous underprotection. Policies are the camping and picnic facilities of generations,

written through strong stock companies... claim service is always some secluded sylvan retreat in a And faces that he hath not seen shall

prompt and fair. favorite canyon. bless him."

Kolob is a general insurance agency with 300 agents serving Utah, Idaho, Montana and Nevada.

FRANK SALISBURY, MGR. THE OPENED DOOR

(Continued from page 234) was heard among the people saying, ginning of the three days of darkness "Behold I am Jesus Christ, the Son and for us to stay inside our homes of Godl"And the voice continued 330 Judge Bldg., Salt Lake City and continue to pray, then we would to talk to them and give counsel and

have nothing to fear. He told us advice, then all was quiet for many

there would be earthquakes and fires hours. And once more the same voice

and huge cities would be destroyed, spoke to them, and once more all but that the faithful would be prewas quiet except for the noise of served. We will pray now and thank the storm. When the darkness

our Heavenly Father that the three cleared, a great multitude of the peoof us are together. No matter what ple who had not been destroyed

may happen outside, we will not be gathered around the temple in the afraid here in our little home."land of Bountiful. The Prophet

Nephi was there, and Omar and his

So for three days there was total wife and son had journeyed to be darkness, so thick neither candle or near him to talk of the wonderful torches would burn, and there was things which had occurred. Omar

Just Open A no light of any kind, save when the had pushed the wheel chair all the

SAVINGS ACCOUNT lightning flashed. The noise of the way to the temple, and he was very

NOW! thunder and earthquakes and the tired. Ezrom was tired, too, but

terrible will receive with shrieking were $50.00 of the or more wind and you his near he could because be happy

Fineline FREE Schaeffer your lovely pen cried in fear out people to hear, and prophet. were beloved they While set. pencil and

Savings Accounts in any amount $1 to saying, "Oh, that we had repented all busy talking of the storm and of $25,000. terrible this great before day and Savior, of the the hearing voice they years of continuous operation. 32 killed the stoned not and and had voice another heavens the heard from Per CURRENT great sorprophets!"there was n y And saying, in Beloved "Behold Son my DIVIDEND Annum the throughout anguish and row I I well pleased, am whom in whom

city of land. great Zarahemla was The glorified ye have my name—hear Savings Utah cities other burned, wicked and many into they looked him."up And Association and Loan in the destroyed swallowed and up a they heaven, from where saw man 172 Center, West PROVO, UTAH

little earth. their inside But snug of heaven, clothed descending out MAIL HANDY COUPON his wife son home, and and Omar robe; in a white and he came down

to or order Send your check money to continued they with pray, and of in the midst and them and stood Center, Savings, Utah Provo, 172 and righteous other saved ones were many savings set your pass to saystretched pen book out and his hand them will be mailed to you immediately. from destruction, and they praised ing, "Behold, I am Jesus Christ, whom

Name their Heavenly Father for preserving the prophets testified shall come into

Address. them. the world.

City.Zone—.State. Then out of the darkness a voice "And behold, I am the light and

274 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the life of the world; and I have drunk

out of that bitter cup which the

Father hath given me, and have glorified the Father in taking upon me the sins of the world.... '

And the people fell upon their knees and rejoiced. And Omar and

his wife and Ezrom rejoiced with them, and the Savior stayed many days and taught them many things.

He chose his Twelve Disciples to carry on and teach the people after he should leave them, and he showed them how to bless the sacrament and partake of it.

He told them of his teachings in the land across the sea; of his Twelve

Apostles in Jerusalem and how they had wanted him to tarry with them, but he had said to them, "... other

sheep I have which are not of this fold; them also I must bring, and

they shall hear my voice; and there

shall be one fold, and one shepherd."

But his Apostles had not understood him. He turned to the Nephites and

Lamanites gathered around him and said,... ye are they of whom I

said: Other sheep I have... behold,

ye have both heard my voice, and seen me; and ye are my sheep, and Certainly, you can build a new home now. For all kinds

ye are numbered among those whom of materials are available and competent workmen to do the'Father hath given me."the job. Even financial restrictions aren't too severe,

Many other marvelous and wonderparticularly if you're willing to build a moderately priced ful things he taught them, even as place. For instance, a $9,000 to $12,000 home can be

he had taught the people across the financed for only 20% down payment. Best of all, we

sea, and then he told them he must have a fine collection of floor plans for modern, livable leave them, and the people were homes in this price class. Come in and let's discuss your

sorrowful. He saw the tears in their home building plans today.

eyes, and he, too, wept and said, "Have ye any that are sick among you? Bring them hither. Have ye Illustrated I* a Weyertiauser

any that are lame, or blind, or halt, Homeof-rheMonth No. 6208.

or maimed,... or deaf or that are WeGarlinghousealso haveplantNationalavailableand

afflicted in any manner? Bring them or we can design a home to

hither and I will heal them."meet your specific needs.

And the people did bring their sick, and they were healed, and the boy Ezrom with his great faith went forth and was healed also, and he stood straight strong and and tall, VOLUME it possible to give us for rejoicedand he with his father better or and youmakesa deal on a Dodge mother and gave thanks. A new day Plymouth.

had dawned for him. The door had Get our appraisal and terms before

car or truck. anybeen opened to a new life full of buying

Interest Bank We use hope and promise, and Ezrom standnew cars. Rates in financing

ing on the threshold looked beyond into the glorious future. The door J. C. BURGESS No

had been opened because this same AppointmentJesus who had brought about the MOTOR CO.

miracle of his healing had died and DODGEPLYMOUTHDowntown Necessary been resurrected that all he and Dealer Salt Lake City Store xsStreet 1000 South Maingenerations after to follow might have 754 SOUTH STATE City, Salt Lake Utah life.eternal

APRIL 1952 275 meetings? Of course, there is no

Melchizedek Priesthood general formula that fits all cases, since conditions differ in the various

Monthly Quorum Meetings quorums.nitely rests Theuponresponsibilitythe shouldersdefiof

the quorum presidencies to analyze to individual problems and own Melchizedek Priesthood quowith involved. the quorum Many theirEvery intelligently until are they work (high priests, seventies, rum and Melchizedek Priesthood quorums

elders) throughout the entire throughout the Church have found solved. However, a few helpful sugChurch is strongly urged by the First through experience that a Sunday gestions are herewith given:

Presidency, the Twelve Apostles, and afternoon around 2:00 o'clock First: The quorum presidency at

the Church Melchizedek Priesthood probably the second Sunday of each the quorum council meetings which careful give should held weekly tocommittee hold meetings quorum a convenient time are month—furnishes

to all business consideration mattersonce each in addition month to its for to all members meet in their weekly group meetings. The only monthly quorum meetings This prothat are to be presented to the quoexception to this requirement is in cedure is suggested to the Melchizedek rum and should come to a unity of

certain areas where special permission Priesthood quorums throughout the agreement and understanding before has been granted to quorums to hold Church. the presidency appears before the quomeetings quarterly because extensive One point of great importance is rum members to conduct said busigeographical distances prohibit them for every Melchizedek Priesthood ness.

from holding those meetings more quorum to select a definite time for Second: Since the Melchizedek

often. its monthly quorum meetings and Priesthood monthly quorum meeting

Pertinent instructions and sugnever fail to hold its meetings at that is a business meeting, the business gested order of business for Melappointed time. Irregularity in holdshould be conducted intelligently and

chizedek Priesthood monthly quorum ing quorum meetings and indefinitewith dispatch.

meetings may be found on pages 35ness as to the hour of the meetings Third: The president who con36 of the Melchizedek Priesthood both cut desired attendance. ducts the monthly quorum meeting

Handbook. As a part of those defiIf the presidents expect to have should have every item of business

nite instructions, the following apsuccessful meetings, well attended by carefully written out and well in pears: quorum members, there must be a mind before he stands before the

definite closing time, strictly adhered group.

The quorum meeting is indispensable to to, as well as a definite beginning Fourth: Special numbers on the

the success of the quorum. When a quotime. program also should be wellprepared

of the isrum priesthood confined to the and be presented as artistically as Melchizedek Priesthood The reportsborders of single a ward, the second... possible. for 1951 indicate that inmeeting the attendance each is to month be designated

as the monthly quorum business meeting. at the monthly quorum meetings Fifth: After quorum business has

... the of Where members of a quorum of, individual disposed been problems throughout entire the Church wasthe priesthood live in more than one ward, or questions from members quorum fifty only approximately percent, as ofa monthly meeting quorum should be held

profit could with members quorum good the as was attendance at the the suggestedand time is during the second week of each month. weekly priesthood group meetings. be entertained.

i Why should this be the condition? Sixth: In addition to these suggesIt should be thoroughly understood Members of the Church Melchizedek tions, the one already mentioned of

by all stake presidencies and by all Priesthood committee are inclined to opening and closing meetings acMelchizedek Priesthood quorum presibelieve that, in the quorums where cording to the appointed time is very dencies throughout the Church that such a condition exists, the quorum essential if the presidents expect to when quorum members reside in two presidents have not devoted sufficient have the monthly quorum meetings or more wards, group meetings intelligent planning, hard work, and well attended.

should be held every Sunday; and, in powers of leadership to the problem. In conclusion, all stake presidencies

addition to those group meetings, a It is their challenge—and no quorum throughout the Church are urged to

special monthly quorum meeting presidency should rest feeling satissee that the quorum presidents under should be held at a definite selected fied until its monthly quorum meettheir jurisdiction hold weekly presitime convenient to the quorum memings equal or surpass in percent of dency meetings and monthly quorum bers involved. Quorum presidents are attendance the weekly group meetmeetings. Also all quorum presidenhereby cautioned to be sure not to ings. cies are earnestly encouraged to folset their quorum meetings at a time What, you may ask, can quorum low this procedure in order that they

Which would interfere with the regupresidencies do to help remedy a conmay magnify their callings in the lar priesthood meetings of wards havdition wherein they have low atpriesthood and build up the work of ing Melchizedek groups connected tendance at their monthly quorum the Lord in their respective quorums.

276 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA DOES TOBACCO SOOTHE THE NERVES?

Science Says "NO!"

by Asabel D. Woodruff

DEAN, GRADUATE SCHOOL, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

Themaneffectssystem producedby nicotineuponhavethebeenhumuchwhen tremorhabitualas smokersthe latter.are Finally,denied brands,did not resultalthoughin tremor,smokingevencornwhensilk

studied recently at the University cigarets for two hours, they become several pipefuls were smoked. Those

of Georgia in seven experiments steadier; they report that they actually who took a cigaret, however, at the

somewhat more carefully controlled feel better, often to their surprise, and conclusion of the corn silk experithan most such experiments. The they often come to the conclusion ment, showed an immediate increase

study was carried out by A. S. Edthat what they crave is the habitual in tremor.

wards and his students, and was reroutine of smoking rather than the In the experiment on smokefilled ported in the Journal of Applied smoke itself. rooms, a wellventilated room was

Psychology, published by the AmeriIn the experiments, the middle used as a control. Subjects were

can Psychological Association. The finger of the right hand was placed measured in the control room before

results of these seven experiments are in a loop drawn tight near the fingerbeing taken into the smokefilled probably more dependable than those nail. By means or an apparatus room and were measured in the

some past studies have produced beknown as the finger tromometer, it is smokefilled room at the end of three, cause of the better techniques emthus possible to measure exactly six, and nine minutes. In one exployed. Finger tremor was used as frontback, rightleft, and updown perimental room the smoke was in

the element of physiological behavior finger movements. Conditions of the quantity somewhat beyond the typito be measured, and the experiments experiment were held constant for cal smokefilled room, and in the

included smoking onehalf a cigaret, all subjects, so differences in perother experimental room there was taking eight puffs in one minute, informance could be held to the effect so much smoke that the subjects comhaling and not inhaling the smoke, of the smoke. As an example of the plained that their eyes were affected

eliminating smoking for two hours technique, nonsmokers were asked and they were physically uncomfortin the case of habitual smokers, the to smoke onehalf a cigaret. Immeable. In spite of the disagreeable

effect of socalled "denicotinized"diately the tremor rose from 31.2 feelings reported by the subjects, no

cigarets, smoking corn silk both inmm. to 36.8 mm. on the average, significant results in tremor were

haled and not inhaled, and occupywhich is a small increase of eighteen found in either room. Such a finding a smokefilled room without percent and not large enough to be ing certainly renders invalid the raactually smoking. Two questions statistically significant. On the other tionalization sometimes heard, that

were under study—does smoking inhand, when smokers are asked to one might as well smoke since he

crease finger tremor, and is it true, smoke onehalf a cigaret, the tremor has to be where others are smoking.

as some students argue, that they rises from an average of fortyeight Some rather clear facts seem to be should not be required to go through mm. to an average of sixtyseven mm., established in this study. Tobacco

two or three hour test periods without which is statistically significant and smoke is sure to create a loss in smoking? In general, the answer to represents an increase of thirtynine steadiness when it is inhaled, regardthe first question is emphatically yes, percent. Eight puffs in one minute less of the amount, and regardless

and to the second question no, as far brought an increase of eighty -four of any current commercial attempts as the smoke itself is concerned. Here percent in smokers, which is highly to remove the nicotine. When it is

are some of the specific findings. significant. Nonsmokers again reremembered that steady smokers

In the first place, women react sponded to a much less extent. Inrarely practise noninhalation, it

more severely to nicotine than do haling proved to have a much greater seems that whoever smokes in any men. Women tend to have less increase in tremor than noninhaling, fashion will sooner or later suffer

tremor before smoking, and more using cigarets, cigars, or pipes. One undesirable effects on the nervous

tremor after smoking than do men. example is typical—a pipe smoker system. Furthermore, the longer one

In the second place, and this may be whose tremor was thirty before smoksmokes, the greater seems to be the surprising to some, habitual smokers ing, went up to seventytwo, sixtycumulative effect of the nervous disreact with more tremor and a greater four, and sixtythree as measured at order produced. Smokers who wish

increase in tremor than do nonten- minute intervals after smoking. to quit, but feel themselves enslaved,

smokers when each is required to Smoking without inhaling seemed not might do well to recognize the difsmoke the same amount. A third to produce significant differences in ference between a continued need for

finding is that inhaling is much more tremor. nicotine, and the compelling effects

effective in producing tremor than It appears from this study that of pure muscular habits involved in noninhaling of the tobacco smoke. those who excuse their participation the act of smoking. In the light of

Corn silk, whether inhaled or not, on the basis that they use "dethis experiment one can easily agree shows no reaction and produces no nicotinized"tobacco are the victims with that portion of the word of wistremor. Socalled "denicotinized"of rationalization and unscrupulous dom which says "tobacco... is an

cigarets are apparently as bad as advertising. Such cigarets produced herb for bruises and all sick cattle."

standard brands, for they produce as fully as much tremor as standard It is unfit for man.

APRIL 1952 277 Celebrating the Anniversary of the Restoration of the Aaronic Priesthood

'T'he anniversary of the restoration of Girls of corresponding ages may also be hood, by coordinator of ward boy the Aaronic Priesthood will be celeasked to participate in combined youth leadership committee, 5 minutes.

brated in the stakes and wards of the choruses. M. I. A. organizations will 7. How I May Honor the Priesthood

Church May 1718, 1952. On May 15, be happy to assist with this part of the on the School Grounds—a deacon,

the Aaronic Priesthood will have been service since these organizations are now 5 minutes.

restored one hundred and twentythree in charge of our youth chorus program. 8. How I May Honor the Priesthood

years. in the Field of Sports—a teacher, 5

Saturday, May 17, as heretofore, The Theme: Priesthood in Everyday Life minutes.

should include all outof-door activities. 9. Vocal duet—"Just a Boy"—page 33,

Camping trips extending into the SabPreliminary music by Aaronic Priestor "On Lovely Susquehanna's

Priestbath Day should not be undertaken. hood members, where possible. Banks"—page 36, Aaronic It is recommended that stake Aaronic 1. Opening song—"We Are Mormon hood Choruses.

Priesthood committees, the during 26, Aaronic Priest10. How stake Boys"—page

for April, leadershippriesthood meeting Aaronic Priestby hood Choruses, in My I Courtship—aMay Honor thepriest,Priesthood5 mindiscuss and make plans for the celebrahood or youth chorus. utes.

tion. meeting, In this the stake where the teacher, a Young May Honor Man or 11. How

bishoprics meets withcommittee Life assignin Priesthood His Everyday and 2. Invocation—deacon,priest over 21, by advance

coordinators, it should be decided as to ment accepted by him. a young unmarried woman of

the activities 17 shouldwhether of May priest's age, 5 minutes. basis. 3. Sacrament Song—"An Angel from or stakebe undertaken on a ward

14, Aaronic Priest12. How Honoring the Aaronic PriestIf it is decided to conduct the day's on High"—page

activities on a stake basis, the program hood Choruses, by Aaronic Priesthood Helped Prepare Me to Beshould be planned jointly by the stake hood or youth chorus. come the President of the Aaronic

bishop.committee and ward bishoprics. 4. Administration of the sacrament by Priesthood—the

When no stake function is planned, Aaronic Priesthood members. 13. Closing song: "True to the Faith"it should be the objective of every ward 5. Solo and quartet or chorus—"A—page 56, Aaronic Priesthood

Choruses.in the stake to plan some special and Mormon Boy"—page 90, Aaronicappropriate activity for Saturday, May Priesthood Choruses. 14. Benediction—deacon, teacher, or

17. In too many instances, there is 6. Brief review of the details of the priest, over 21, by advance assignnot enough attention being given to the restoration of the Aaronic Priestment accepted by him.

Saturday activities in connection with the celebration program. This day provides an excellent opportunity for an

allout program of athletic and sports Aaronic Priesthood for each visit contemplated during the events, pilgrimages to places of special ensuing month, keeping in mind that interest, and other outdoor activities each report will take care of one visit especially interesting to boys. New Report Forms Available for to the ward priesthood meeting and

With the approval of the First Presione visit to the ward boy leadership dency, the sacrament meeting of May Reporting Stake Visits to Wards committee meeting.

18, 1952, is to be set apart in each ward The committee members'written refor the presentation of the restoration A new report form on which members port of each visit made during the past program suggested below. In stakes of the stake Aaronic Priesthood month will be reviewed by him during

where quarterly conferences are schedcommittee may report visits to wards the council meeting and then handed uled for May 18, the suggested Aaronic is now available in the Presiding Bishopto the secretary for filing and future

Priesthood program should be presented ric's office and will be furnished withreference.

during the sacrament meeting the week out charge upon request. The reports Each time a committee member is

before or following the quarterly conare single sheets gummed in pads of assigned to visit a ward, he should seference. one hundred. cure from the secretary the file of written

A visit to the ward during the ward reports for that ward so that he may be

Program for Sacrament Meeting priesthood meeting hour is to be refully informed of the conditions as preMay 18, 1952 ported on one side of the report and viously reported. He should especially

a visit to the ward boy leadership comcheck for records of recommendations

The following program is suggested mittee meeting is to be reported on the made and inquire as to whether such for the sacrament meeting May 18, other side of the report. recommendations have been acted upon

1952, in commemoration of the restoraThere are extra spaces for reporting by the bishopric. When a recommendation of the Aaronic Priesthood. The special visits as well. tion is once made, it should be indicated

bishop and his counselors, as the presiIt is suggested that the stake commitin the written report and carefully foldency of the Aaronic Priesthood, will tee desiring to use these reports order lowed up by each subsequent visitor conduct the meeting. only one pad at a time. The secretary until favorable action is taken thereon.

All musical numbers for this meeting of the committee, during the monthly The file of written reports for the should be rendered, wherever possible, council meeting, will provide each comward should always be returned to the by bearers of the Aaronic Priesthood. mittee member with one report sheet secretary at the next council meeting.

278 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA k|2jf I spared by <=Lee At. fainmer

A Challenging Record Adult Leaders andbetweenshouldgroupcharacterizeadvisers theandrelationshipstheir group

Win An Argument—Lose A Soul members. Friction, argumentation, disharmony, and the verbal slap are the

/roup advisers for adult members of devil's cheap counterfeits. With their

the Aaronic Priesthood would do "fool's gold"glitter, he hopes to hinder well to remember that in their discusthe progress of the Lord's work.

sions with group members the gentle When an objection to a point is curve of persuasion is more powerful raised by a group member, the group for good than the acute angle of rebuff. adviser should consider it as an aid to

Too frequently the winning of an arguthe discussion rather than a declaration ment means the losing of a soul. of war. Accept such objections as an inWhat a thrilling thing it is to be on dication of interest and with a spirit

the winning side of a verbal controversy, void of offense; support your principle

but have you ever analyzed the feelings with authoritative evidence and reasonof the loser of such a foray? Have you ing.

ever considered the cost of such a vicIt is seldom wise to directly attempt tory? Usually one who is overruled in to destroy an objection. Disregard it,

an argument, even though evidence and if you must. With a "yesbut"apauthority be against him, will not proach, go around it if you will. Let

change his opinion, and it is rare, inhim who raised it tear it down with deed, that such a loser doesn't resent the tools that you tactfully supply for the victor. the purpose.

Pointed words hurled as arrows can One who argues can seldom win. He

GAYLAN BURR do no more than widen the breach of loses the argument; he loses a friend;

misunderstanding. The gentle word or he loses both.

in a priest Gaylan, the Salina Second wins far more respect than the strong

Sevier Stake, (Utah)Ward, North has maintained a one hundred percent atrebuke. A man's good will is more detendance record at priesthood meeting, sirable than to be proclaimed the winner Ward Teaching

sacrament meeting, Sunday School, and in any battle of words.

Y.M.M.I.A. for the past five years. He Unity, love, harmony, patient conestablishedhas also perfect a record in Hardness With Each Other

visits since teaching a sideration, and respect for the otherward he became ward teacher three years ago. man's point of view are the Lord's way Should Be Avoided

{"ne of the evils which Jesus contended

Adult Members is even more interested in security. The with during his ministry was the

materials chooses in used to he be of hardness the of hearts those opwho tests, rigid places hidden must meet and posed him. calloused hearts, So the wereGroup Advisers—Are You

interested is as of in quality the the he of the Sadducees the Pharisees, and that is of inner in the the wall as he beauty itPromoters Or Builders for necessary became Jesus to rebuke outer. sharply. them These had no men as for adviser a adult you, group RE their advisers group time spend Some A

justice. sense of ruled were They by

their forpersuading of to Priesthood, group Aaronic the members members personal prejudice. Their hearts were

it Is or their habits builder? sake a that youra they promoter might bad

to not truth. reason open and They

Priestto objective tosole the the group advance be Melchizedek advanced cruel, were oppressive, severe in and is course to a ashood. have the of a been Such you workmembers whom dealing their fellow with men.

signed to the Melchizedek Priesthood or promoter.

is it your concern to nurture the seed of The builder group adviser knows that In this dispensation, the Lord has faith that God has planted in each if he teaches prayer and the fundasought to prevent a recurrence of such heart that it might germinate and mental principles of the gospel, he lays a condition. To prevent and overcome

develop into a firm testimony of the the foundation for an unshakable testithe growth of any tendencies in this gospel? mony. He realizes that each additional direction, he has issued a mandate to

is noThe promoter cares nothing for principle taught is another stone in the those who teach, to see that there foundations; he builds for show. He temple of character. Yes, the builder "hardness with each other."

wants above all else a beautiful front knows that when a man has a testimony Those who are inflexible and overwall. He deals in surface beauty. Favorof the gospel, his habits are more likely exacting in dealing with their fellow

able first impressions are his whole to take care of themselves. He is satismen should be taught the value of

desire. fied that when such a man is advanced compassion. Individuals or firms that

Much of the work of the builder is to the higher priesthood, it is more are merciless or unsympathetic in their underground, work that the eyes of man likely to be an eternal blessing for himdemands are found wanting for friends may never see. He builds for tomorrow self and his family. and patrons.

as well as today. He realizes that the Don't be a mere promoter group adWhere hearts are not hardened, there

beautiful front, to endure, must be built viser. Get the vision of your calling. is an increase of love, good will, coon a firm foundation and not upon the Be a builder, a builder in the kingdom operation, and genuine Christian

sand. He is interested in beauty, but he of God! achievement.

APRIL 1952 27?

THESE TIMES (Concluded from page 210) What are we excited about? CommuOn January 27, 1952, Mr. Hoover nist doctrine? I suppose. Russian miliasked why Russia had not already attary power? Yes, we are told—here is

tacked during the past five and onethe enemy. Mr. Hoover suggests that

half years, when we were weaker. if the Kremlin is as wise as it is reported

Have we been sold a bogeyman? to be, they would have attacked long

Few would say yes. Yet the persons before now, before we began to rearm.

whose opinion Mr. Hoover ascertained,

western Europeans, felt that Russia Well, you're apt to hear a lot about would not attack. They didn't seem to this during the campaign this summer.

be worried. Similar reports have been What do you think about the budget

heard from many Europeans who wonand military spending in these times?

der what the Americans are so excited Have you your $472.00 (or $2360 or

about. more) handy?

Your're Right There vreiomsifflwith a SUPPER GUEST... full color, three dimensional pictures of American

scenic beauty. of (Continued from page 241) might be the Messiah our prophets Hundreds

reels—each with seven magoneness in sorrow persuaded them to promised. But it is the third day

nificent pictures. tell each other their separate experisince he was crucified. Our hope is

Write for free catalog ences of the past days. Each recountdead with him."

ing brought Miriam back to: "If he Then he added in afterthought,

could have had only one more meal "Oh, it is true, some who went to

PHOTO with us!"the tomb early this morning said his

with Cleopas'was answer And seen gone, they and had was body CO. & MATERIALS the "If been finality: he had black risen said from angels he was who So Temple Ph.3-1404 2 7 West

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. Christ, he would have come down the dead. But who could believe

from the cross!"that? If he had been Christ, he

Then, as master of the family, he would have come down from the locked the door of remembrance forcross."

"Never days. dismal those ever on to beheart slow of and "O fools

I will never it all again! of speak chided, lieve,"stranger the "ought

again strain my eyes over the scrolls! not Christ to have suffered these

If another teacher comes, let the into glory?"enter things to And bepriests and elders decide if he be the

all at explained ginning he Moses

Christ!"OUR When Miriam stumbled on the upreasoningthe prophetsas theywithhadsuchneverpowerheard.of

climb, he put his arm about her and

TRAVEL SERVICE kept it there. They walked with tiredMiriamshoulders,saw Cleopassaw straightenunderstandinghis

heads bowed so low they failed to glimmer on his heavy features. Once

overuntil traveler he another see gestures, sleeve speaker's in the the IS FREE his buoyant slackened took and them her. his of robe gleaming brushed yourself with bother Why glanced their plodding. to They resstep of making trouble the kissed in the could have She hem

eyes their cost fastened extra casually, then no ervations? At up gratitude! arrange can you, to we path. the again on

includvacation entire your but rugged, more grew path The of communications manner "What hotel transportation, ing accommodations, sightseeare these that you have one with their steps were quick and light.

ing tours... everything. another, as you walk and are sad?"Twice the stranger halted them with

his till their his hand, minds caught as morning as cheery tones were UNIVERSAL TRAVEL His logic. "Stupid Cleopas murmured, amiable the suggested but chimes

I was!"SERVICE rebuke of an old acquaintance. fool that

HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE Phone 5-6215 Salt Lake City Cleopas answered, "Surely you are They turned into the, path that a stranger in Jerusalem not to know wound up to their dooryard. The

that things have happened there visitor bent his height to walk bethese past days to burden the heart neath the low olive branch. Soon

HEADQUARTERS FOR IN LAS VEGAS, I NEVADAL. D. S. I of "Whatevery childthings?"of Israel!"So Cleopas told hethe spokeusualofJewishjourneyingceremonyon andof beganfareKING'S YE REST Still well. halfdazed, they Nazareth. let him listlessly of Jesus of MOTEL him

526 5TH STREET SOUTH in the Jerusalem sighing, was was a down "He go. He He concluded, Dr. B. Foutz, Harold Owner

Edgar H. Foutz, Manager mighty Prophet. My wife and I had highway when Miriam rushed after

Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout him in our home; we did hope he him and called:

280 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "It is nearly night; come back and

stay with us!"

He came back. He leaned againstthe wall while Cleopas went briskly SPRIM6

at his chores.

Miriam hummed a little tune as she hurried and made a fire in thebackyard oven. She dashed down TOtiiC

to the little stream that babbled past the lower wall and from a cool recess in the rock took a covered bowl of dough. Soon her date bread was

baking. Every so often she glanced

at Cleopas, marveling at how buoyantly he turned off his tasks. Why,

he seemed younger than he had for years!

Then the men came to the table.

She looked closer at the stranger hadn't she known him somewhere before? No, never before had she

seen such radiance in a face; never

before had anyone's conversation made her heart burn so within her.

reclined, eating, As the men treat for spring your car's car a fresh start your she Give—

sittingserved them, on a low stool. longlasting protection of engine to the Motor UtocoOne flickering candle furnished light. Oil.

Miriam passed their guest a mug of Fastflowing, fullbodied Utoco is a highdetergent,goat's milk and the barley loaves, heavy duty motor oil—which means it contains deterwarm and sweetsmelling. He took gents that reduce engine wear by protecting it from

one and, looking up, he gave thanks soot, acid, rust, varnish and sludge. With Utoco Motor

and broke it. Oil in the crankcase, your engine will run with

She recognized him! In the breakSmoother, quieter power... with maximum economy

ing of the bread, she knew! of operation and maintenance.

Exaltation shook her. Through amist of rapture, she saw the shocky For the good of your car—to keep your enginehead of Cleopas bow low. She heard clean and safely lubricated—change oil now, and

him whisper, "My Lord, the Christ!"again every 1000 miles. The cost of fresh, new Utoco

The next instant, as each of them Motor Oil is negligible. The cost of not changing often

raised a hand to touch the Presence, enough can be extensive! (fa gone!it had

"Oh, Cleopas, Cleopas,"Miriam cried over and over, "he came to sup Let's Go with us again; he came to sup with

us again!"with UTOCO

LD.S. Settlement at UTA H OIL REFININ m p a n r

Winter Quarters

(Continued from page 226)'DRINK no more at present. Amen and Send the Story of the

Amen."(Idem, 42.) ficq A delightful The principal diet of the people at hot beverage for those MORMON PIONEER

don't whoWinter in Quarters the winter of BRIDGE drink coffee. MEMORIAL GROCERS AT YOUR184647. pork. was corn and These In this issue

articles could be secured more readily and were brought to Winter Quarters from what was called "Upper Call CARL CAMMANS to friends or relatives in other

Missouri,"along the western borders theFor "BlindFree EstimatesMan"states or other lands. It's an

of that state. There were very few - EASY TERMS - epochal account. 25c postpaid

gristmills in that of part Blind Missouri Venetian at I LI to any address. IT A Co. Shade & the Ithat time where grain bought. was II So.All St. Salt State 2420 Lake City Phone 6-8764

{Concluded on following page) APRIL 1952 281 Study and learn the latest U.S. SETTLEMENT AT WINTER QIJARTERS

GENEALOGICAL (Concluded from preceding page) Winter Quarters was not comSome of the brethren found work pletely abandoned until 1848, and it METHODS during these trying months and by continued to be the place for fitting in the comfort your home! that means were able to purchase out companies for the journey across own of

Brigham Young University's two new Home their meagre supplies preparatory to the plains and mountains to the Salt

Study in learning courseshowprovideto locatethe andlatestrecordinformationgeneathe journey to the Rocky Mountains. Lake Valley. Many of the members

logical facts. The courses were organized and Wheat, boiled whole, and corn, such of the Church had located at Counare supervised taught and by Archibald F. as could be obtained, was ground incil Bluffs, and those not prepared to of Society the Bennett Utah Genealogical

and his staff. to meal in hand mills, a few of them cross the plains moved to the eastern

from: to choose Two courses being in the camps. In the fall of side of the Missouri. This new ELEMENTARY and ADVANCED

in Kanesville, sold 1846, settlement in Upper Missouri, wheat was named

Credit: w University nineteen to twentyfive cents L. Kane of General Thomas and honor Course for 2 for Elementary

for 3 Course Advanced for ten corn the Latterday to twelve cents a bushel, befriended had who of Lessons: fc Number prices but these to several occasions. Kaneswere Saints advanced on for 10 Course Elementary

15 for Advanced Course twice the price as the Saints continued ville became a thriving town before * Textbooks Required: their purchases. While these prices the members of the Church were

"Proving Pedigree"(60c) Your For Genealogical "Guide Research"were low, yet they placed a strain called to abandon it. During its

($2.00) upon the pocketbooks of the poor most prosperous days there were more

Fee: * Tuition exiles, for their means were woefully members of the Church there than for Elementary Course $ 8.00

$12.00 for Advanced Course deficient. Besides the feeding of the in the Salt Lake Valley. A newspaper

For further information, or to register, people, cattle and horses had to be called the Frontier Guardian was write fed, and this required grain. Withpublished, with Elder Orson Hyde of

out the abundant mercy and assistthe Council of the Twelve as editor.

Brigham Young ance from the Lord these impoverIt was at Kanesville that Oliver

University ished Saints would have perished. Cowdery came in October 1848 to

Home Study Department Notwithstanding all their hardplead for admission back into the

Provo, Utah ships and the poverty of the Saints, Church; his request was granted.

they were usually happy, for they Twelve days after the arrival of had the Spirit of the Lord to guide President Brigham Young on the them and they had leaders with inbank of the Missouri River, Captain domitable wills and wonderful reJames Allen of the United States sourcefulness aided by the help of Army arrived at Mt. Pisgah with a

the Lord. There were a few among call from the government for four

them who lacked the faith to conor five companies of volunteers to tinue the journey and fell by the serve in the Mexican War. He was

wayside, among them Bishop George advised to go to Council Bluffs to

A specialBible—yes.occasionsAndwherefor whitethose Miller and Alpheus Cutler. see President Brigham Young. He

is right, of select one these After the encampment was made at arrived there on the thirtieth day of styles. She'll beautiful National

be delighted. Winter Quarters, November 1, 1846, June and the following day met with

overpeople. White Fabrikoid

flexible; cover; gold of Indian Affairs, called on President President Young informed him that lapping

edges; white marker. Young at Winter Quarters and the volunteers would be furnished.

size No. Purse 46PW. New stated that he wished the camp to It was moved by Heber C. Kimball

Psalms. with White Testament

Fabrikoid semiflexible cover; remove from the Indian lands; that and seconded by Willard Richards

gold edges; silk marker. the members of the camp were burnthat a battalion of five hundred men

No. Vest pocket 63PW. New ing the Indians'wood, and he had be raised, which was carried unaniWhite Psalms. with Testament

Fabrikoid "cushion edge"cover; received letters from Washington mously at a meeting of the brethren

white marker. amber edges;

from the Department of Indian Afwho were called together for this

At your fairs giving instructions that no white occasion. This necessitated the reBookstore

settlers were to be permitted on the turn of President Young to Mount

Omaha Indian lands without the Pisgah and the sending of letters to authority of the government. PresiGarden Grove and Nauvoo notifying

dent Young told Major Harvey that the members of the Church in these

BELOVED KING JAMES VERSION the government had called into the places of this action. The calling

service of the United States army the of this Mormon Battalion and its

Unbreakable... moulded most efficient men from the camps of wonderful march and achievements

Liglilto look like J Latterthe the pioneers, are wellknown among and thus weakening—/ ".-e—glass.-

height. spirit f nominal. Standard true Saints, but the and placing extra burdens day upon those who

dealer. your from Order of significance delay, has never remained. caused their march This had SB 167 SPECIAL OFFER

$1.25 place the that proper received learned honor and such drastic was later trial lot of It Doz. Mail for S1.00

one dozen sent postpaid. demands had not come from Washwhich it should have been accorded

BRASS GOODS 'CO. 55 Sudbury St., Boston 14. Mass. ington. throughout the nation.

282 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA God Bless Men like These

(Concluded from page 214) felt that they needed more time to prepare themselves for the tasks, and this was given them.

That stake is now fully officered.

The presidency reports that these men are humble in their efforts, zealous, and very grateful for the confidence expressed in them. Their

families have found strength and unity that did not exist before.

There is a goodly supply of these people in every ward and stake of the Church. All that many of themneed is someone to express confiPlanning Home Improvements?

dence in them. God bless these

men, and who, like the men presidency,stake the Finance them with a approach them with gentleness, patience, forgiveness, and love. WALKER BANK LOAN

You can budget the cost of permanent home improvements over a 36 month RIVER TUNNEL period through a Walker Bank FHA

By Christie Jefferies Home Improvement Loan.

fighting river flood, with science, A llied '** in here slime Make those improvements now—burrowed The sandhog

mud. and pay for them through convenient

Shovel and pick, gunpowder's deadly force monthly installments.

Combined to shape the tunnel's winding course. rose, to walls the solid weldedThe rock, Come in—let's talk it over. strong the intermittent to bear shockWalls

Of river water, beating like a drum

While traffic rolls with steady droning 3 CONVENIENT LOCATIONS: hum.

Main Office—Main at Second South

storm the pass gate and narrowCars South West 2nd Pioneer Branch—450

within E. 21st So. House Branch1030 Sugar lights Reflected dusk. bluewhiteThe

begin To toss like juggler's balls across car tops

A golden flow which fades but never stops.

The cool air rushes past; the walls slip

by; lights flash faster than the watchingAnd WALKER BANKET eye

Can count. Curve blends with curve; the Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. Member Federal Reserve'System

sections march Dizzily until we pass the exit arch.

Once more man is the conqueror; once

again zzzzzzzazsazs Nature has bowed before machines and men.

APRIL 1952 283... vDuin Shepherd, EDITOR

TODAY'S

about for years turn out to have scientific reality. We can select the

colors we like and at the same time do a practical job of proportioning.

Another little trick in a highceil- inged room is to lower the ceiling by painting it a deeper tone than the walls. In a room where a feeling

of height and airiness is desired, a lightertoned ceiling will help. Quite

frequently, especially in older homes, there will be certain features which can be emphasized or camouflaged;

for instance, a chimney panel in a lighter or darker tone of the wall color gives real character to that wall;

a closet door can be painted in the same color as its wall to avoid that "cutup"look.

The same general principles can be applied to furnishings. That

prized, soft green chesterfield will look—A Hal Rumel Photo better against a warm rose or tan

wall; the maple diningroom sideboard

against a deep green or bluegray.

That oldstyle bathtub will be less conspicuous with a background of the COLOR SELECTION same general color tone. If all this

think obvious, how a little by A. D. MacEwen sounds

principles simple see these seldom we put into planned application.

Selecting color for our homes is automatically adjusts to focus an obNow, there are one or two more not quite as cut and dried an ject of red color (say, a painted wall) things to consider. They have to

affair as putting in a new autoon the retina, the lens expands, and do with what can be called intensity matic washer or deepfreeze unit. the object seems to advance or come and brilliance of color. About the

There is no little book of detailed closer to the observer. Thus, if your only actions of our eyes that we coninstructions to cover every continroom is long and narrow, painting trol voluntarily are those of the eyegency. Consider any room. It has one or both end walls in an "advanclids and the direction of vision. The

certain dimensions, certain lighting, ing"color will help the proportionamount of light that gets in is autoboth natural and artificial, and—if matically controlled by the pupils.

you're like the rest of us—certain Also automatic are the focussing acpieces of furniture that just accumution and the nerve translations, which

lated. Familiar as they may seem al second article on color give us perception of form and

to you, look them over one by one shadow, as well as type and degree before selecting colors for the walls, for the home of color. Every time we look from

ceiling, and trim. It will pay divione object to another, muscles and

dends. nerves go into action to tell us about

Concentrate first on the room itthe new thing in view. The eye

self. Here you can make good use ing. On the other hand, colors tomuscles, like the muscles of the heart,

of the automatic action of the eyes ward the blue end of the spectrum are about the most constantly workto seemingly affect the dimensions. seem to recede as the eye focuses, for ing muscles we have. Overwork

Without getting too technical, here's the eye lens must contract in the them, and we have the alltoo-familiar how it works. When light of color process. If a room is too small, a headache, and with some people, fever

toward the red end of the spectrum feeling of greater spaciousness is obor upset stomach. Daily work rouenters the eye, it bends in passing tained by painting the walls in paler tine gives our eyes enough exercise

through the eye lens to a lesser shades of blues or greens. So here let us select our color values to minidegree than other colors. As the eye we find that illusions we have talked mize it where we can.

284 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Brilliant, pure colors are essentialto interest and life but should be g*f COLOR/ZZRPAUm used sparingly. Colors en masse are

usually toned down by additions of black or white, or both. Color areas

joining at eyelevel are best in the same depth or color value to prevent muscular strain, otherwise the eyes must work at trying to focus on two colors at the same time or at passing from one to the other.

There are two other important considerations that will affect our eyes for better or for worse: the lighting

in the room, and the lustre or gloss of the painted surface.

Now, where is all this leading us?

Simply to an appreciation of the value of color; that it can be functional

while beautifying, and that it is easy to set up and use a set of progressive "steppingstones"in correct selection for any room or area. Let's call them

"considerations."Here they are, with

their "whys"and "wherefores":

Primary Considerations

1. The function or "purpose"of Quick, Eaoj

the room. (Here

govern.)associations the general color Color Mafthing

color preferences. 2. Personal

will determine(These the color and Harmonizing "areas"that are acceptable, while Now you can have paint coiors to still satisfying the color purpose dematch or harmonize with your drasired.) peries, floor coverings, wallpaper,

or furniture! Choose from 1,322 acSecondary Considerations tual paint samples in the amazing

Colorizer Album. (See your paint

1. The room's dimensions. (This dealer, painter, or decorator.) Colwill be a factor in color placement; ors are arranged for easy selection,

and show exactly how your paintmass colors, accent colors—to "balance"the whole.) will look when dry.

2. The furnishings. (This narrows

the field of selection to direct matchAny Color at ing, or modification within the areas of the primary considerations.) Budget PtiCS

3. The lighting. (Light—both Colorizer Paints cost no more than

natural and artificial—determines the ordinary paints—yet give you the

best "depth"of colors, their placesame beautiful tints and shades ment and modification to adjust for used by famous decorators!

direct or reflected light.)

difficult to grasp By These may seem allof-a-piece. be too Don't conAny Color, Right

cerned. As we discuss other types of Over the Counterrooms in a home, in future articles, BENNETT'S

65 West First Southyou will see that they work; and no Get any color immediately! No

matter what your personal "considerwaiting for special mixes! No meaSalt Lake City, Utah

ations"are, if they're followed, you'll suring or guesswork! 239 South LaBrea Avenue

end up not only with good purposeful Inglewood, California decoration, but also with your own Any Color m Any DEALERS personal most throughout the Intermountain West preferences—perhapsimportant of all. Paint Finish and Southern California

APRIL 1952 285 How May I Become More Popular??

by Rex A. Skidmore, Ph.D.

PROFESSOR OF SOCIOLOGY AND SOCIAL WORK, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

odney and Jerry, both fifteen, atas Rodney sees the strong points in tended the same junior high his friend and the weak points in school. Yet how different they himself. It is best to compare youris, were! Rodney was shy, backward, self mainly with yourself—that

and spent much of the time by himcompare yourself as you are now with self. Occasionally he talked with a what your abilities and talents equip

boy, but seldom with girls. Yet deep you to become—and gain satisfaction

down, he wished with all his heart through watching your own growth.

that he had more boy friends and Developing the capabilities which are that the girls liked him better. What yours, and all teenagers have them,

was the matter? Why didn't he get is fun and worth while.

along well with others? Jerry, on the Teenagers, here are a few imother hand, although not a Romeo portant suggestions to help you get

or a Van Johnson, was enthusiastic along better with your friends and and interesting; he was sought after families:

by boys and girls. He was skinny

and tall, yet possessed a pleasant smile and was friendly wherever he went.

Nearly all youth hanker for more friends than they have. Fortunately,

nearly all persons, young or old, may

THE MAKERS increase their friendliness and charm.

And singularly enough, home is

MARCAL PAPEil UikPlim% usually the best place for developing the ability to enjoy oneself and to be enjoyed by others. If youth feel

happy and appreciated in their own BaBi families, they are likely to get along alitititiilti

L well outside the home, with friends and others.

FOR NYLONS! There are many misunderstandings

about popularity. One is not born

As advertised over Television and Radio popular or unpopular; popularity is

which miracle powder A harmless, is reIt of learning. result a mainly

last longer. rayons nylons, and silks makes himself feelings about one's to lated to: resistant them Makes

and his attitude towards others. As

SNAGS to themunderstand learn teenagers

RIPS other, they usually each selves and RUNS OR BREAKS increase their popularity. Physical

TREATMENT ONE of the material! beauty and skill are often overlasts the life

Try it on an inexpensive pair of nylons exaggerated by youth. The shape

be amazed. and wearing your nylons without fear and size of the body makes little Enjoy

of Moneyruns. back guarantee on all types of hose difference if the person accepts himexcept mesh. self as he is, keeps clean and tidy,

Now at a new low price... and develops some of his talents.—A Monkmeyer Photo 59 cents per package Physical attraction is relative; for

or two packages for $1.00 example, most persons marry, sooner Be Personally Presentable

Send cash, check or money order to or later, regardless of shape or size, apbeautiful and wearing considered or handyour body Keep and are

their mates. Body in clean parel the eyes of and attractive. 1 NYLONGP. O. Box COMPANY1436 some

City, Utah | Salt Lake send Please me packages of Another important factor to reodor, dirty fingernails, stringy hair,

I NYLONG for which you will find enclosed member is that all normal persons at or dingy, unpressed clothing may be times feel inadequate. Sensing this, offensive to others.

i! Name. the shy person should learn to accept Appreciate Yourself

Address. himself as being as worth while as

of a poor copy for It is impossible Rodney anyone.

I Be yourself—not I City State. is a individual else. Each fairly Jerry, someone himself with to compare

286 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

personality gem of his own! One

who does not particularly enjoy being to be, to himself he appearswhat his to express more ofmust learn is so good SEGO MILK good qualities.

1 Recognize that you cannot compare yourself fairly with anyone butyourself. Then set your goals and for babies

watch yourself grow and develop. Remember that how you think others

feel about themselves is often wrong.

One teenage girl resented a friend who was beautiful and appeared to have so much poise. Actually the

second girl, inside, felt very inferior No milk you can buy for and eventually received professional your baby is easier to digest...

help to adjust to life. or more uniformly rich... or safer

2. Don't be an idle dreamer; work.,. than Sego Milk.

to develop your abilities and interests. It is impossible to excel in many

fields, but all normal youth can achieve and enjoy many things if they but use the talents they possess. The

retiring young man who early learns to be a good swimmer may gain confidence by teaching his companions to be better swimmers. No other milk does more to help

3. Participate in religious activities, your baby build strong, straight

teeth and sound bones—because

vitamin is fortified with Milkincluding worship as well as recreaSego tion. Our Church offers ample op- D, the sunshine vitamin,

portunities to take part and to have in pure crystalline form!

fun; through these activities we can

learn how to get along better with others. Regular Church classes, fire-

}-sides, M.I.A. programs, the family No other milk is more carefully

hour, and recreational events invite safeguarded at every step..

young people to have fun and learn more rigidly controlled for... and noto enjoy one another. highest quality

other evaporated milk has 4. Share your abilities and time behind it the years ofwith others—with brothers, sisters, experience and constant

and parents, and in an everwidening improvement that have circle, of course, with relatives and made Sego Evaporated Milk friends outside the family. such a wonderful milk

5. Give of yourself: As you become for your baby!

less concerned about what you want, how you impress others, how they treat you, and more interested in what others want and how you may help supply their needs, you will move along the path toward popularity. your doctor about SEGO MILK

Appreciate Others 1. Be a good listener. The teenager cg51Sl5i

who listens with interest, sympathetically, nearly always wins friends. As

a person confides in another, he gives him part of himself and a friendship is usually started.

2. Remember the first names of

young people you meet. A person's COUNCIL ON

name is music to his ears. Meeting 1 FOODS AND

many people, calling them by name NUTRITION (Concluded on following page) APRIL 1952 287 HOW MAY I BECOME MORE POPULAR?

(Concluded from preceding page) it; keep the uncomplimentary to yourin a friendly way, and knowing someself.

thing about them, all aid in developRemember, genuine popularity ing popularity. develops from within. How you un-

3. Give sincere praise and comderstand and guide your own feelings

mendation. As you do this, you in relation to others will determine

develop a warm feeling inside, and the number and kinds of friends you the recipient also feels the glow. If will have. To have friends, you must

you have something good to say, say be a friend.

RED CLOVER TEA

Alvita's Red Clover is a wholesome product of the sun and soil. The young tender cuttings are chockfull of rich natural NOTES ON VITAMINS

goodness... and it brews a

mildly alkaline quality. flavorful tea of soothing, XH"! Gi/ifaiSiie.'J0Ktki attemptTheseto characterizelists are basedcompletelyon majoreachfunctionsvitamin. ofAlso,vitaminsit shouldas benowrememberedknown, andthatdoesall foodnot

nutrients work together for health, and good diet cannot be neglected in favor of dietary supplements.

LEAF TEA PEPPERMINT... for WATERSOLUBLE VITAMINS favorite It's everybody's

the flavorable taste and minty freshly Pepperof made aroma

is irresistible. as Good Sources FUNCTIONS..and mint Tea

refreshing and wholesome as a The B Family 1 morn. Spring

Thiamine (Bj) 1. Prevents beriberi—disease/efrYifervous system

STRAWBERRY LEAF TEA Whole grains (especially characterized by numbrfejlngling in toes

Preferredforitsallaround in the germ where life is and feet, stiff anklecrarrfpingpains in legs, tasty, natural goodness. A sdifficub. paralysis) reproduced)

. ). that's drink wholesome

aids digestion theCajjpetite; 2. Liver, Stimulate heart alkaline excellent mildly an.—

o? for substitute ordinary tea and e'VfcrrEs fatig peas, greer. green Legumes,

coffee. iS&patiL,-. limas, 4 Helpsv1?rco soy beans

Brochure, Free for our Write Today "Natural Foods For Wholesome Enjoyment"Nuts 5. Heliis maintai] Jy nerves. Called morAlVITA PRODUCTS CO. PAS AD E N A, CA 1 1 FO R N I A? Egg yolk ale'f vitam ce deficiency, even for a

At Your Local Health Food Store Leafy greens jort time,?es irritm moral depresBrewer's yeast jjion, inabi oncemrffte

Riboflavin (B 2 ) f\si Whole grain bread /events cWeTlbsiV characterized by fissures at cereals, wheat ger: K"Ncorners of muuth,Vk&pped lips, red eyes andCRAWFORD Milk and m/\k pro J ftongue, rough arms and back

are burningnf th e eves, dimness of viMKVEL-Uff EggsGreerf4ca%egeta \4l. tomsNecessary for healthy eyes—deficiency sympLive\>iear1 kidneys sic iorbidTits4irW6f light,—>. DOORS

THAT LIFTS FREE Legumes, dried Mimas, a lOtll tone -ofxjiigestjrve and THE DOOR

AND EASY AT EITHER SIDE terns Brewer yeaM)lack moNiacii disease Livcr, lean meat,'cbJ Q 1. Prevents and cures""pelfegra—skin

Wholewheat, soyaj Hot iracterized by reddish rash on body, rough

Peas, beaSsjpeanuts r soremouthaTrd tnrigiu diarrhea, mental

Tuna, salmon depression"Brewer's yeast, \tark wo 2. Helps prevent skin eruptions, soreness of

lasses mouth

Vitamin C (Ascorbic acid) 1. Builds resistance to infections, known as the

RADIO CONTROLLED ELECTRIC Citrus fruits, tomatoes "antiinfection"vitamin ALL FOR DOOR OPERATORS Canned and fresh fruit 2. Speeds healing of wounds and bones DOORS. MAKES OF GARAGE

OPENS AND CLOSES DOORS and vegetable juices 3. Helps prevent bleeding gums

AT A TOUCH OF THE FINGER. Strawberries, loganberries, 4. Prevents and cures scurvy—disease characterCrawford MarvelLift Door is the cantaloupe ized by swollen gums and joints due to

first and only garage door to be Potatoes, raw cabbage, breaking of small blood vessels under the awarded industry's highest honor, fresh green leaves, green skin, gums pull away from teeth and cause the Merit of the Award American peppers pyorrhea, skin dries and breaks

Industrial of Society Engineers.

5. Helps relieve rheumatism, muscular weakness

CRAWFORD door sales co. lrThere are many other B vitamins—pantothenic acid, biotin, folic acid, inositol,

is wellnutrition not definite role in human choline, others—whose and 155 W. 2 So. Salt Lake City 4-6531* pyridoxine,

supply to get a good is conscientious enough speaking, Generally one who established.

of the main B vitamins will also be supplied with the others.

288 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FATSOLUBLE VITAMINS I guarantee*

Good Sources Functions Vitamin A extraricn All green and yellow vege- 1. Prevents and cures xerophthalmia, disease of

tables and their juices the eyes, and night blindness Yellow fruits 2. Keeps skin in good condition—helps prevent CKocowry

Liver, red salmon and cure scaly condition of skin and inflamEgg yolk mation of eyelids

Whole milk, butter, cheese 3. Promotes growth Fish liver oils 4. Builds resistance to infections, especially GOODMKS

Dried peas, nuts respiratory infections as colds, sinus trouble, sore throat, etc. Necessary to health of all

mucous linings of the system 5. Necessary to form and maintain tooth enamel

Vitamin D Sunshine is best source- 1. Chief role is to help lay phosphorus and

skin should be directly calcium for tooth and bone formation. Deexposed ficiency in childhood results in rickets, charFish liver oils acterized by protruding stomach, enlarged

Liver, egg yolk, red salmon wrist and ankle joints, bow legs, rosary ribs, misshapen jaw, deformed head 2. Helps prevent tooth decay

3. Increases resistance to infections

Vitamin E with my grains, especially 1. Insures complete utilization of carotene and Whole

the germ vitamin A. Necessary for fertility, reproducWheatoils—corn,germ oil,cottonseed,vegetable tion,animals.growth,Muchand neuromuscularused to treat healthmuscularin

peanut dystrophy and heart disease in humans but

Green leafy vegetables not generally accepted as treatment for such.

Alfalfa, lettuce, avocados Widely available in natural foods. Amount

needed for humans not established and must await more fullycontrolled investigation DB/lCS FOOD MIX

Vitamin K Green leafy vegetables I. Necessary for coagulation of the blood.

Liver, egg yolk Alfalfa Soy bean oil

HANDY HINTS

Payment for Handy Hints used will be Never throw away old shoulder pads.

one dollar upon publication. In the event You can pad the knees of your blue jeans

that two with the same idea are submitted, and when down on your knees gardening the one postmarked earlier will receive the or waxing floors, the pads will protect your dollar. None of the ideas can be returned, knees—and protect your jeans, too. Sew

but each will receive careful consideration. them—R. S.,onAtlanta,the insidesGa. at the knee point.

A discarded card table makes an excellent frame for hooking rugs. Cut away the When you serve lemon with tomato juice,

top, leaving the framework. It is the right fruit juice, etc., don't serve flat slices. Serve

height for working and may be folded and wedges that are easy to squeeze. H. L.,

put away when not in use. R. G. A., ElmLake George, N. Y.

hurst, N. Y.

a getting for package ready mailWhen into a freshly corn your popped Pour first, ing, tie. the string then dampen As kernels All basket.Frenchfryer unpopped

it string dries, shrinks binds and package fall leaving holes, onlywill the through tighter. E. Mrs. Lansing, M., Mich.

., L. Saltfully corn. Mrs. popped A. T

Lake City, Utah.

Invest in a child's set of garden tools and

Suet will grind easier if the food chopper you'll find they come in very handy in is first heated by dipping it in boiling caring for your flower boxes or potted plants. Thanks to my Duff's Devil's

you'll bake Food Mix,water. Mrs. D. L., Bremerton, Wash.—Mrs. S. R., Los Angeles, Calif. devil's like cakes food

never j / you've baked before! leftover bits of soap! cartons milk used waxed Save Empty them thorDry be may

I positively guarantee U**-/ fowl. singeing usfor chopper, hotter flame, give a foodoughly through run and They perfect results!

easier finest that are to less blade. handle, soaping are powder and Makes much

to sparks antdissolves in hot water. Mrs. E. A., Louisthrow than plain paper. yfvSee my moneyback guarantee on every package. B.,—1. Provo, R.ville, Miss. Utah

APRIL 1952 289 WAYS WITH EGGS

Lemon Egg

4 eggs Y& tsp. salt

l/3 cup honey 2 lemons, juice only 3 cups plain or carbonated water

Beat eggs, salt, honey, and lemon juice thoroughly. Add water and blend.

Serve over cracked ice. Ingredients, except water, may be mixed in advance

and stored in refrigerator. THE ONE AND ONLY

Egg Pancake DIFFERENT DARK BREAD

r&Z-T.i;..:.;.:;;;::..;.;: -:::,..;: -::: 2 eggs

Vi tsP- s&it 1 tbsp. sugar

J/3 cup sifted wholewheat flour l/2 cup milk 1 tsp. fat FOR HOME OR CHURCH USE Beat flour beat until milk and and Add skillet until fat SOUTHEAST FURNITURE CO. eggs, salt, and sugar together. in a deep smooth. Heat

Offers you the sensationally different a drop of water in skillet sizzles. Pour

in all of batter. Cook two minutes.

Place in hot oven and bake 15 minutes or until surface is browned. Dot with

butter and honey or stewed fruit. Roll

//i'TANGLE FREE"Sewing Machines onor foldwarmlikeplatter.a jellyServesroll two.and turn out

as low as Molded Egg Salad

1 envelope unflavored gelatin cup cold water mayonnaise, salad dressing, or cup $4995 3/ yogurt lemon, juice only tsp. salt Patented NEVRClog ends jammed bobbin threads tsp. grated onion

is "Tanglefree"perfection. sewing relaxed ease and sewing. You work with new new

of the features to won't without. hardcooked eggs famous want you sew NewHome It is only ONE

- COME IN FOR A DEMONSTRATION - cup chopped parsley cup finely chopped green pepper or celery

Soften gelatin in cold water. Dissolve CO. SOUTHEAST FURNITURE over boiling water. Cool slightly. Add 844341 SUGARHOUSE

DRIVE OUT & SAVE! mayonnaise, lemon juice, salt, and

grated onion. Place center slices of

{Continued on page 292) 290 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA family is in your A new neighborhood..

sugar]

SUPtfflM BRANUIATIO

NrWE '5H 'o, OUK,

Now,findata yournew familygrocers,ofyou'llfour pure specialty sugars. It's the

new U and I family... brown,

powdered, fine granulated and superfine granulated. Invite

them into your home... you'll

become close friends quickly:

U and | FINE GRANULATED... the same dependable

fine granulated sugar you've always enjoyed now comes to you in a handy one - pound shelf size.

U and | SUPERFINE GRAN- U and | BROWN SUGAR U and I POWDERED...

ULATED...the finest sugar... captures the rich, disso soft and white it makes

available. It's a quick distinctive, "nutty"flavor perfect icings and finishing

solving dessert sugar. Tops for brown sugar. Good in so touches for your special desuse in drinks, fine cakes and many recipes. serts.

pastries, and smooth boiled icings.

APRIL 1952 291 WAYS WITH EGGS

(Continued from page 290) gelatin. Chill until set. Unmold on

hardcooked egg around inside of an platter and fill center with chicken or oiled ring mold. Separate remaining vegetable salad.

yolks and whites of the eggs. Sieve

yolks. Chop whites. Combine yolks Creamy Egg Slaw

and half the gelatin mixture; place as

a layer in ring mold. Then add parsley 1 egg

and green pepper as a layer. Cover with 3 tbsp. brown sugar

the egg whites mixed with remaining (Concluded on page 294)

Why Share Your Space v-Se Larefwl l/i/nai with a Swinging Door?

a "MODERNFOLD"Lyon oLook J-or door takes none MORE SPACE FOR LIVING RICHARD L EVANS

BEAUTY NEW RIGID COLORFULSTRENGTH STEEL OF MOVABLE WALLS is O true that If it to find to find. tend we what we want It

the doors that fold is trouble for, are looking certain it is almost we we shall like an accordion find it. If we're looking for faults, we shall find faults. If

mndam In III it'sdependsflawsmuchwe want,upon whatthey arewe wantalwaysto there.see. ThereWhatis wealmostsee

no one with whom we work or live, in whom we could not find much that is good and some things that we might wish

For demonstration write or phono were otherwise. And people who live under the same roof,

who sit across the same table, can greatly magnify faults, 1343 SO.ALDERSMAIN SALT LAKE CITY much to the sorrow of all concerned; or they can concentrate Phone 7-1531

on the finer qualities, even where they fail to find perfection.

Please send me your free booklet entitled "More Space for Living"IE-4. When we find ourselves in an unfamiliar place, new noises

NAME sometimes bother us so that we cannot sleep. But gradually

Address we learn to be less aware of them. And then we find rest.

City State We shall sooner find rest in living with people who lack perfection (and who doesn't?) as we learn to let their imperfections annoy us less. Sometimes faultfinding is prompted

by jealousy or envy. Sometimes we may seek to build ourto stature ourselves stature of others. the by belittling Of

it is HERE IS selvescourse up by running others down. But we do not add the essential for defects. business of to look some

find it. Doctors Detectives must trouble—and REAL HAIR look become many maladies much more for trouble—becausemust look for

dangerous if not diagnosed soon enough. And if it is essenBEAUTY tially our business to look for faults and flaws, then we must

do what it is our business to do. But for most of us it would

Creamed be wiser not to overwork ourselves at faultfinding, for we all say or do things which may not sound or seem to others Shampoo or they should intended sound any man as we seem—and WITH 2% POWDERED 0QQ for utterance offender be a word; be any may made an may

if your hair needs misconstrued; any character may be condemned; any motive

to determined by someone be misunderstood who is may help..,. p for, If it's trouble if it's flaws we're looking misunderstand.

if needs L*D and faults we want, we'll find them. But with those we

live with, we'll live happier lives if we don't pursue our search too persistently.

MAKE EXTRA MONEY EASILY AND QUICKLY

Beautiful BirthdaySELL and AllOccasion cards, "personalized notes, FROM TEMPLE SQUARE paper, Stationery gift wrapping itemsand gift friends to your and neighbors. PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

for actualSend samples on approval—WRITE TODAY

SYSTEM, FEBRUARY 17, 1952 SERVICE CARD CO. Copyright, 1952

8811 Whittier Blvd. Pico, California

L.D.S. Owned and Operated

292 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—

Try a loaf of

NEW "MILK IMPROVED Table Queen Bread Today!

Each pound of Table Queen Bread gives you the nonfat milk solids of with 7 OUNCES OF MILK! VITAMINS and IRON

ROYAL BAKING COMPANY ALT LAKE & OGDEN

Tellyourfriends about the Qood Things Qoming in The "ERA

This is the tentative program for 1952

-A fourcolor cover and story—President Levi Edgar -A great triple feature—Priesthood Authority—GenYoung of the First Council of the Seventy—and speealogy—The Missions of the Church—with picture

cial features. This issue will be a tribute to the pedigrees and other illustrations.

Seventies of the Church.

-The Physical Growth of the Church. An impressive

-A comprehensive report of the April General Conpicture story of progress.

ference with pictures.

General report of the October comprehensive featuring the M.I.A. in a man- -A fourcolor cover -A features plus Christmas an inand Conference—

thrilling. and ner entirely new

spiring fourcolor cover.

-A fourcolor cover and story—Presiding Bishop

LeGrand Richards—a tribute to the Aaronic Priest- -An early issue will show the new Primary Chilhood. dren's Hospital in active operation.

APRIL 1952 293 Ways With Ejjgs Wins Ribbons and Trophy (Concluded from page 292) in State Fair Cooking Contests 33 tbsp.tbsp. vinegarcream oror evaporatedlemon juicemilk

1 small head cabbage (about 1 quart shredded)

Beat egg and sugar. Add cream. Add

vinegar or lemon and blend. Stir into

finely cut cabbage. Serves 8.

Cheese Souffle

4 tbsp. butter or margarine

4 tbsp. flour

1 cup milk J/4 lb. sharp cheese, grated

4 eggs, separated 3/4 tsp. salt

Melt butter, add flour, blend well and cook over low heat until bubbly. Add

cold milk all at once and cook, stirring constantly, until thickened throughout.

Remove from heat; add cheese to white

sauce and stir until well blended. Add

salt to egg whites and beat until stiff.

Fold yolkcheese mixture into whites.

Prize cook praises speedy Dry Yeast Pour into large ungreased casserole (souffle will increase in volume in baking); set in pan of hot water and bake

Mrs. Audrie Jensen of Salt way it rises so fast... and in slow oven (325 F.) about 1 hour,

City holds the stays she awards Lake for months!"knife delicately or until and browned

fall last for her cooking won It's rich, declean. in center out inserted comes freshwonderful—the

It Jensen's prowess. Mrs. was lectable flavor of yeastraised 4. Serves promptly. Serve

first cooking competition at the for goodies. treat family your A

Utah State Fair... and alto-—and nourishing, too! When

gether she won 13 firstprize you bake at home, use yeast. Souffleed Cheese Sandwich

ribbons, 5 second prizes, and a And use the best you can buy!

special silver trophy. An excelThat's Fleischmann's Active 6 slices wholewheat bread

lent record even for a more Dry Yeast, of course. This grand sliced cheese to cover bread

seasoned contestant! Dry Yeast is always depend-!/4 tsp. salt

Like so many prizewinning able, wonderfully convenient. 3 eggs, separated

cooks, Mrs. Jensen gives plenty It's fast rising, fast dissolving '/4 cup salad dressing

of credit to Fleischmann's Ac-—stays fresh for months. Buy

tive Dry Yeast. "It's the hand- a supply of Fleischmann's AcToast bread on one side. Cover uniest yeast ever,"she says, "the tive Dry Yeast. toasted side with cheese. Add salt to

egg whites and beat until shiny and whites stand in peaks when beater is withdrawn. Add salad dressing to yolks

and beat until light. Fold yolk mixture into whites. Heap on top of cheese.

Bake in moderate oven (350 F.) until

puffy and brown, about 15 minutes.

...its that heavenly Tea Garden grape juice! Serve promptly. Makes 6 sandwiches.

FLOWERS

TEA By Evelyn Wooster Viner GARDEN Fond Mother Nature likes to wear

Four lovely flowers in her hair

Quality A snowdrop's dancing bell to ring

An anthem to the newborn spring.

A four o'clock is summer's flower

To count each cherished, fleeting hour.

YOUR BEST BUY! The purple aster's petals part

Healthfully refreshing -no sugar is added. When you buy Tea Garden ToFor mirrorwinter autumnshe'll takein itsanythingheart.

Grape Juice, try Tea Garden Apple Juice, too. Economical! Delicious! The florist's boy should chance to bring.

294 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Microfilming In Ireland

and Wales

(Concluded from page 235) CANT BE highly fortunate in securing a film supplied of film of nine reelscopy by of of Ireland,the National Library BEAT FOR A TRULY KRISP

French genealogies concerning IrishTENDER men who moved to France to liveduring the "Irish trouble."LUNCH

Wales BOX The microfilming project in Wales was temporarily completed in September 1951. CRISPY GOLDEN

Nearly five years ago, on July 1, CHIPS OF CORN 1947, filming commenced in the

National Library of Wales, at Aberystwyth, where great quantities of records had been gathered, including over 500,000 wills and tensof thousands of marriage licenses; MINER -V

Bishops'transcripts of parish registers arranged in alphabetical order; saps.thousands of manuscripts of ancient MIKE

Welsh pedigrees, some claiming to go back to the days of the ancient "I'm not much for balance sheets patriarchs of the Bible; several hunand double entry ledgers... but

dred volumes of Schedules of Manor- I know this much about bookkeeping. At the

ial Deeds and Records, with brief end of the year when Utah's mines, mills and genealogical abstracts of the persons smelters show a profit, thafs good for me. It

good for employment. And it's means steadyconcerned; and membership records too, because a profitable in Utah everyone

of the Calvinistic Methodist faith. mining industry helps business in every part

Official permission has been given of the state."

and arrangements have been made for all us to film registers the parish these are sentof Wales in by UTAH MINING ASSOCIATION when the ministers to the National Library. It is hoped that the nonconformist records of Wales will also Quick, Easy Way to

be deposited at the Library. National

having copied are now We for us STOP"IT DOESN'TSMOKINGCOSTIT PAYS"the 1851 census returns for the Nowcomfortably,you can easily,stop smokingthe verywithfirstno day—effort,or

thirteen counties of Wales. This is your money refunded. The recent medical

now practically complete. discoverySTOP, guaranteedyou haveabsolutelyread aboutharmless,—NICOnon-

sicians. Used successfully At by thousands.

druggist's One document filmed was a list of yourtoxic, nonhabit forming. Endorsed by phyor mail coupon today for

original Welsh settlers in Chubut, freemoneybackinformationguaraaboutntee. available sizes and

Patagonia, South America. A recent NICOSTOP, Dept. A, Saint Helena, Calif.

report in the Church Section of the Please send free information and prices.

Deseret News told of how a party of Name elders had uncovered this "hidden Address valley"of Welsh descendants in City State

Patagonia and were making considerable progress in preaching the gospel to them.

A second old manuscript volume HOTEL LANKERSHIM describes how a Welsh colony left 7th & BROADWAY for Russia and "disappeared from ROOMS BATH man's ken."May we hope they are 5.00ter RoomsDouble

also gathered in some secluded spot IN THE VERY HEART OF SALT LAKE COSTUME CO.

waiting for the restored gospel. LOS ANGELES 248 So. Main St., Salt Lake City - Dial 3-1031

APRIL 1952 295 J-SRRS &MX

WILLIAM EDWIN BERRETT

BIND YOUR ERA FOR 1951 Elder William E. Berrett,

who concludes his seSubscribers who wish to bind or to otherwise preries, The Book of Mormon serve the 1951 volume of THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Speaks On Current Probare informed that the annual index is now being prelems, in this issue, has been paredYou may reserve your index by sending your a stalwart teacher for the name and address to THE IMPROVEMENT ERA,

Church, especially in the 50 North Main St., Salt Lake City 1, Utah. Please

Sunday School and departenclose a threecent stamp with your request to cover ment of education, for a cost of postage.

full lifetime. He obtained

his bachelor of arts degree from the University of Utah J. C. Riggs was able to locate and know that I was a Latterin 1924, and his LL. B. day Saint.

in institution that from the at Immail tent he packages saw The and From papers 1933. an associate He is squad and plasought which he Era, from there provement and

professor of religion at toon I was in, and we had great rejoicing together. We met

Brigham Young University. whenever possible, checked on each other after patrols, etc. Our

He has given thirteen faith and testimonies have been greatly increased by our comyears of service to the genpanionship.

eral of the Deseret board of of the Christ true gospel the and glory with you in We

School Union, Sunday (yes, countless the to over people world brought digood have you vided into two terms, haveven here in Korea) by disseminating the truth and spreading ing served as a member of the East Mill Creek Stake presidency joy and hope through such a good and worthwhile magazine the Sunday most popular some of has written between. in He It presents Era. lofty and clean reading Improvement as The

also writings this time. His during courses School I here so much. feel the fellows need include which

The Restored Church and Doctrines of the Restored Church. I bear a fervent and burning testimony that God truly lives

<> and answers prayer, that Jesus is the very Son of God and our redeemer, that David O. McKay is a prophet of God carrying

North Korea on the worthy work that was so gloriously ushered in by angels

Dear Editor: through the living, loving Prophet Joseph Smith. I bear my

IT myis withthankfulnessgreat humilityto you yetanddeepestthe greatgratitudeImprovementthat I expressEra. testimonyI didn't humblyintend toandmakemeeklythis inletterJesus'so name.long, but there are so

I glory with you in your success and commend you for such a many lovely and beautiful things as well as hopeful things noble and worthy work. in the gospel of Our Master. I really love the gospel and

My sweetheart subscribed to The Improvement Era, the Church.

sending it to me in Korea as a gift. I can think of no better With sincere and deepest wishes for your success in the

gift. future, and with personal regards to each and every worker

There is a little incident I would like to relate: Being a and sustainer of The Improvement Era, I am

front line infantry soldier it was very difficult to locate or find Your grateful and thankful admirer out if there were other Mormon fellows in the company. To with aloha and love,

make it short, The Improvement Era was the means whereby A friend and soldier

INSTEAD OF A QUEEN....

A T their Gold and Green ball Rivergrove First Ward, West Utah Stake, honored all girls achieving seventyfive percent *** attendance for the year in Mutual, Sunday School, and sacrament meeting. Twentyeight girls were so honored,

with special recognition given in the form of Gold and Green crowns, to the Gleaners and Junior Gleaners.

Pioneer Ward of the same stake honored all their Gleaner Girls, instead of having one queen, and presented to each a copy of the book / Dare You. Their floor show included their young people of all ages from Scouts and Bee Hive Girls

to M Men and Gleaners. All costumes and dresses were up to Church standards.

Reported by Miss Hannah Baker, agegroup, counselor.

Phillips Make How Can Such a Guarantee?

JUDGE FOR YOURSELF! Fill your crankcase with new Phillips 66 Heavy Duty

Premium Motor Oil. Try it for ten days—or up to 1,000 miles. If it doesn't

satisfy you on every count go to any Phillips 66 Dealer and he'll arrange for a refill using any available oil you want at our expense.

The reason we dare make this guarantee is simple. We are sure this

new and improved Phillips 66 Heavy Duty Premium will please you.

It's a great motor oil. It gives you a new high in Lubritection:

are It keeps needed over makeup quarts of miles operation.STOP AT STATIONS WHERE WEARcorrosionPREVENTION?and frictionYes! of from thousands

YOU SEE THESE SIGNS harmingpiston ringsyourandengine—cylinderguardswalls. It's because of important features

BEARING PROTECTION? Yes! Acids like these that Phillips 66 Heavy

Oil surPremium Motor are protecting bearDuty neutralized—specificapasses manufacturers'pitting. ing surfaces from

It's all for cars. of makes ABILITY? Yes! {Phillips CLEANING And a trulytions a oilDuty""Heavy motor engine clean means power, more will in job outstanding an do

gasoline and less consumption. cars. as well trucks as passenger

LOW OIL CONSUMPTION? Yes! It Try Phillips 66 Heavy Duty Preresists decomposition—keeps oil mium Motor Oil today. We guarcontrol rings free. So—fewer antee satisfaction!

9P Get New, Improved "lubritection traffic carry will soon Bridge Pioneer Memorial JL HIS Mormon BENEFICIAL LIFE pioneer wagons River where Missouri of theacross the same part once ferried from Winter Quarters to Council Bluffs. Insurance Company

In Pioneer days a sturdy wagon and a well aimed rifle were David O. McKay, Pre. Salt lake City, Utah

the best insurance a man could have... nowadays the best

insurance for any family is Beneficial Life. Over onequarter Billion Dollars of Life Insurance in Force,